THE EAUNA OF AUSTRALIA. No. I. Though manufacturing industry be dominant, and mining and husbandry its tutelary divinities, at tho Centennial show, that love of nature which welcomes with avidity the art of painter or of sculptor is an honored guest, and wood and stream and sea and hill are called upon, as well as the artist, to furnish each their quota for tho world's edification and delight. Thus fauna and flora both aro there — by toloranco and by sympathy. But when " muto Nature's worship por," surmount ing tho feeling of incongruity produced by unwonted surroundings, has taken in tho vast- nesa of tho mighty whole, and would fain descend to those items of most interest to him, ho will possibly come away from his first visit with tho impression that Australian natural history (confining tho term, as so often done, to tho animal kingdom) is not so adequately represented as it might bo. In each Australian court aro collections of bird or beast or fish or reptile or insect, but none complete, and all so scatttcred over the huge building that the probabilities are that many of them will bo overlooked unless moro timo tban moat can sparo be devoted to tho search, or tho visitor bo as highly cudowcd with tho talent for discovering collections ns aro thoso keensighted and fortunate individuals who find new fossils, plants, or insects where least suspected by thousands. A court whoro- in "products of hunting, shooting, fishing, &c.;, and spontaneous products " wcro alone admitted would perhaps have shown us better what treasures have been displayed ; but would it not have savored too much of a museum, and been probably devoted to the fate of ono such placo wc wot of, where specimens outnumber visitors as thousands do one, and whero dust grows denso and silenco too often roigns and drugs tho very air to somnolence. Hero surely some aro seen, admired or wondered at, if but by thoso who look for other things, whilst thoso who. fain would study the distinctive characteristics of the animal kingdom of a land whioh has been writton of as " so remarkable by its faunal peculiarities that it has been thought by some to constitute properly in it self a main zoogeographical division, as opposed to tbo rAst of the world." have opportunity elso- wliero. How otherwiso could bo pardoned tho omission to mako prominent that long missing link between animal and bird— tho mammal that lays and hatches eggs, and which has beon utilised since our last Exhibition to turn theory into fact, and weld into irrofragablo strength anothor of tho " countless rings" in tho subtle chain which' "the next unto the farthest brings?" A trophy, in which tho kaugaroo, tho platypus with eggs and young, and birds should figure would bo but a modest reminder of that important discovery in tho science of evolution, cvon woro it reared beneath the contral dome. The larger marsuxnals have had moro justico done to them (one daring wandorer has even reached tho German court), but not too much. From New South AVales wo wero promised opportunity to study tho class in all stages— from embryo to warliko "old man;" but if tho promise has been redeemed its fulfilment is not readily discernible. Down tho "spires of form" ono may gaze, ono secret cell of tho many chambered past laid open to emit those "long results of time," the fossil jaws and bones of tho marsupial lion, around whoso history so much of mystery nud interest clings. But contempla tion of such relics is but adding thirst to thirst to any but a seer. Could they but speak, but bring a vision of what was when they had life, the problem of tho buried past wero advanced far onward towards solution. Ono might then know with certitude why, having been, theso creatures aro not, and whether thoy perished from some sudden change of climate, from drought, or wcro reft from their surroundings by a species of divorce, on plea of both, incompatibility of each with each. Thoso fossil fish— if hut "stone flatheads, bream and shark," as I heard said — are splendid specimens ; tho "Australian moa " remains, 'highly sugges- tivo if very fragmentary; whilst passing on wards, towards to-day, the pair of hawks— ono standing in triumph over tho prostrate rabbit, whilst tho other looks greedily on, have the ne cessary "touch of nature" in their attitude. But that strauge mounted group behind tho grand pavilion wakes fancies of another kind — a vision of a woodland dance wherein tho emu "sotting" to tho lyre birds, and the kangaroo having for vi3 d vis two native companions, would bo porformcrs. Do thoso unburied ghosts of their former selves ever dance fantastic mea sures in tho vast solitude, beneath tho few faint moonbeams when electric light is gone, the town asleep,' and silcnco is only broken by tho "watchman's lonely round?" "Wero I tho latter, I should expect it. Two fine koalas climb a limb placed on top of a show caso within sight — spectators these, not orchestra. If the othor birds cannot supply the music for that dance, it should be The undetsong, The ever old, the ever young ; And far within thoso cadent pauses The chorus of the ancieut Causes. Some native cats and their young (also in tho neighborhood) strike a discordantnoto, which the sight of painted and brown quail, snipe and plover, cannot quite remove. Whon ono turns, howevor, to tho numerous cases filled with birds of many kinds— regent, rifle, bower, and many another of great ornithological interest, and sees how with many —The hues of the fefttbers unfolden Are tho green and tbo purple, tho blue and the golden, tho shadow passes, and naught but beauty con be thought of, "Unfooted dells and secret hollows dear to noontido dew," como back in all their potency, with " breaks in tho cedar and sycamore bowers "—how our poet loved them — as an accompaniment. Many of these beauteous forms aro from the Richmond River ; others doubtless from lands more sacred to the sun. Bircl hues match flowers and leaves in thoso north lands, our sombre ones bedeck themselves, and thoso who hero aro bright grow brighter stilL The halcyon and azure kingfisher have livelier tones in plumage; but "pale their ineffectual fires" before that golden headed glory the honeyeatcr, which perpetuates the Regency — ere George tho Fourth was king. That bird's nesting still has charms for youth, despito all the "wise saws and modern instances " of the humanitarian, has proof in tho exhibit of tho Department of Public Instruction in this court. Ono scholar shows his hoard, obtained by force or fraud no doubt, from crane and " leathcrhcad," diamond sparrow and wron, and has in ono compartment of his case somo eggs of "Jacky Winter." An economist of "bpacc, and fitted with desire to show all his treasures, ho has tound lodgment within the nest of interwoven bark hero placed inside the mud built cup of tho grallina for an outspread bat. He further illustrates how birds are often wiser than men in accepting as good whatever tho gods may bring. Tho leaves that were thoir shelter on the tree having boon killed, tho littlo artisans havo made their nest from tho Inco like skeletons thereof, and out of misfortuno drawn consolation and comfort. But oh, instructors of tho " corn stalk "youth, are yo wise iu your generation in encouraging others to follow the example of this collecting lad? Have yo ne'er heard of awful ends to thoso who loved the speckled spoils in youth as docs this exhibitor of the eggs of "Jacky Winter?" Wero my own good books not long worn out, I would havo passed them on. Within the neighboring .court, if nothing in tho cases of moths and butterflies which bedeck the entrance to tho Northern Territory division of South Australia's domain is more beautiful than similar insects collcotcd in New South Wales or Queensland— if oven equal to Bome of the lattcr's productions — wo Southrons must feel envious of their brilliant hues. But some of these treasures arc worth notice. The showy fly, whoso under wings aro barred and spotted with black and white and red iu the orthodox fashion of butterfly scales, but whose upper pair aro but gauzy frameworksuch as tho myrmeleos assume, save whero two dark spots accontuato divisions into thirds, seems curious to many an eye. Though thence it comes not that tho croaturo is rare. For centipedes as hero set out excite much wonderment, and many a ono of Victorian growth has been equally largo. The long legged spider, whoso span is somo 9 or 10 inches, and which forms the central object in pno case, deserves a glance ; whilst a moth of geometrical design, whose wings are triangles divided into others less in size by rich dArk brown lines outlined in silvery grey, has made moro than one strotch tho tenth command ment within touch of breaking point. Tho meridian anthills afford a strauge insight into the building powers of tho destructive termites of tho North, and tho wonderful ramifica- tiojis of the structures are laid bare by means of a section of ono of tho hills. Some turtle shells arc shown, and mattrepores of several sorts, one being that namod brain coral, on account of the resemblance of its convolu tions to tho structure of the brain. But not a worthy exhibit this from tropio sea. Then beside shell fossils one finds but Pale glistening pearls, and rainbow colored shells, Bright tilings which gleam unrccked of and in tain. The shells are of many varieties. Spring inurox, turntolla, siphonalia, vonus, voluto, all- are thoro with nautilus— not tho lovely "paper shell — and many anothor form. But why amongst theso southern gatherings, that Even drifting, drifting drifting, On tho shifting Currents of the restless main, Til! in sheltered nooks and reaches Of sandy beaches, AU have found repose again, n baby saurian should be placed is a mys tery. Thoso drawings by the untaught blacks which Mr. Knight displays wero, without ox- plauatory notes, moro readily " understanded of the pcoplo." Farinnland shines not in faunal spoils, and has not from her vast territory either givon us uow or provided sufficient of tho known. Liko Oliver Twist, ono longs for more, and finding nono save in the tableaux of what was and is, with blackfcllow and giu, dingo and kangaroo, gum tree and other aborigines on the ono hand, and town and plough and toil on tho other, with a laughing jackass to mock ono withal, seeks elsewhere "metal moro attrac tive." Tasmania has displayed both fish and flesh— or the semblance of them. The Fisheries Com mission exhibit that long disputed " salmon" which the latest authority proclaims but trout, and which tho next will perhaps rehabilitate in salmo solar glory. Trout also are there. Huge crab3 and crcveys occupy a case ; whilst on tho walls aro plaster casts of the faces of tho last three of the Tas inaniau natives — Truganini, Caroline and Augus tus—in all their aboriginal blackness. Perhaps it is fitting that nativo fishc3 be their wall companions, and that in the court in front should stand an exhibit from the Tasmanian museum in which "carnivorous" marsupials play so important a part. Tho "devil" seems well placed amongst theso flesh lovers. Kan garoos are there too, wombats, opossums, wnl?shtA« and such brethren of the pouchod caruivor® as wero doomed liko Nebuchadnezzar to grazo all their days. Whilst standing hero one's mcmoty.cannot but flit back to days wheu kangaroos and their vegetarian kin wero not lightly esteemed in Tasmania. When tho century was but 6 or 7 years old there was, so record says, in tho new formed scttlomcnt a scarcity of food so great that "kangaroo flesh was sold for Is. 6d. por lb., and that species of seaweed or salsolaceous plant (Atroplcx halimns) called Botany Bay greens, was the chief support of the inhabitants." Tho echidna, which figures in the oomor, was more rolishod, however. " Baked by tho natives and old settlers in a coating of mud," says Mr. Bunce, " it was said to bo delicious eating," and many a Gippslander can bear testimony to its having preserved its toothsomeness until far later days, even though somo of them wcro too fastidious to follow so primitive a stylo of cookery. It is doubtful if Truganini romorabered that famine timo. Her race was not a long lived ono — at any rate, as records go, and sinco the whita man came. Augustus, another of tho miserable remnant of it, which lingered into our own days, had a tale of but half the century in years. And tho lubra who sat by the fire on tho logs To watch like a mourner for him— Liko a mother and mourner for him. Well, tho elder of tho women roaohed just to man's allotted span. But Truganini's pcoplo wcro no handful then. And of thom now— alas 2 naught Iivcth but a memory, and tho day draws over nearer when stuffed presentments of mar supials will have tho samo sort of interest for the naturalist as havo now the plaster medal lions of departed aborigines for one inquisitive as to the island's ethnology. Perohnnce our successors may make casts of theso stuffed animals to perpetuate tho belief that such orea- tares once existed, and wero not figments of tho imagination. Tho threo mouldering skulls, through which not long ago " tho worm crawled out and tho worm orawlod in," will servo thoir turn as evidence. But is it accident or tho grimmest of grim satire that tbo case which contains the heads of tho threo aborigines named above should bear tho legend "Fossils characteristic of therocksof Tasmania?" No doubt the softer drifts would yiold a plen teous crop it wore better not todisturb, for island and mainland both have boon sown with a har vest — fruit borne of "man's inhumanity to man." But tho thought is gruesome. It is a relief to turn to Sirs. Meredith's depiction of threo of tho bright-hued marvels in ichthyology, or to tho modols of tho velvet fish or tho red carp, tho magpie fish or the squid, or even that champion of ugliness tho boarfish, whoso snout appears moro fitted for up turning turf than ploughing water. Tho real trumpotor with opal hues brings pleasanter reminiscences- and a longing that its flesh wero more readjly pro curable hero in all the delicacy of tho freshly oaught article. Ocean, though less stable- changes far less boneath mau's sway than does tho Armor land, and thus hor treasures of fish and sponge, of shell aud weed will remain for collection whon bird and beast have mostly passod away. Let us hope that tho oysters will thrive and multiply, and that tho caso of shells horo shown may bo tho forerunner of many a cargo of the molluscs from that interesting land " across tho straits." But what of tho other courts — New Guinea and Queensland, tiie " land of tho Maori and the moa " who curiously onough has chos»n for a trophy over tho entrance the wandering alba tross, and our own loved home ? Thoir turn will come. Thero is so much to say of each that J must now say naught. The god of bounds, who sots to seas a shore, Came to me in his fatal rounds, and said "No more ! " 