THE It L A ck HORSE INN. | . BY L A. SAVORY. I was just sixteen when I went to live with Mrs. Stedman. my father's distant cousin, who kept the Black Horse Inn on the Sondis ficld turnpike. I was the eldest of six children, and with so many little mouths to fill it is no wonder that when Mr. Stcdman wrote that she wanted a well brought up girl as an assist ant, not as a servant, my parents gladly con sented to let me go, particularly as she was a renowned housekeeper, and had the reputa tion of making tho best picklcs, preserves and home-made wine, of anybody in all the country round about. My duties were to assist In the sewing,keeping the accounts of the inn, and any other light labor which was required. My father accompanied me lo B— — and saw me settled in the mail coach, which passed throagh-Sondisfield twlce a week. It was hefore the days of railroads, and it was quite dark when we drew up to the "Black Horse" where the passengers were to spend the night. Tho house was large, and situated on the high road where the Sondisfield turnpike crossed the road from Newtown to War chester. It had every convenience of yard and stable, a good garden, a fine orchard and a large farm attached. It stood on high ground, and commanded a view for many a miles over the country, The B — ? mail-coach stopped over night there twice a week, beside, the daily coach from Newtown. to Warchester changed horses there, and all the farmers on their way to market, peddlers and travellers either on hoseback or in carriages, always stopped at the 'Black Horse,' for rest and refresh- ment. Mrs. Stedman was a tall, angular woman of about sixty ; her hair, which was white as snow, she wore puffed high on her hend, im- covered by thu cap which in those days was universal, ftho.hnd bright hlnek oyies and a high color, 1 havo hcnrtl she was a con* firmed opium enter, 1 tli.luk tho had tho must revere countenanco 1 ever saw, and nun wns careful of una'* conduct before her. There was mi gnulp 'hatween tho men and tho maids at tho ' Uhnik Horse,' ami woo bQtjdo tliQ. luoklcss-kUohen girl ur itahlo'hoy'wbo dared tv lqu^h-ln her prcwwp#i;:;;v ;v ; ? I had heard her story before I came there. She was early feft a widow, with a beautiful daughter, whom she idolised; but the son and heir of a rich man from n distant city, who came to fish in the waters of the mill-dam, had jnduced her to; elope1 with him ; it was not supposed tbas he had married her.. 1 . \- : Her mother was a woman of high spirit, strict and prpud.'i She never forgave the* man or. her ? daughter ; it was said she bad retnrned ! their letters nnopened. At all events, no que ever spoke of Clara Sted man* and it had been more than fifteen years since the day when she fled with her young I Mrs. SteSnfifix ^.- was very kind sto me ; but if I had. been of a lively ^^rn', as 'many girls of sixteen are, I'm afraid I shouitriJiaye found it Drettv dull in the' old house, after the Ou^eer* less November days came on ; but I applied myself to learning bow to make the various viands for which the house was famous, and at other times I: hemmed towels and table linen;, beside- there was.always the books to keeff, which bad to be attended to every night. Mrs. Stedman's room was a large one up staiis, in an L of the house ; there- was a flight of stairs leading, from it down to a large closet, between the kitchen and dining room. This closet was a sort of butler's pantry in it were kept the best china and glassware, cutlery nod .table linen, and 'on the top shelves many of the preservers and jellies. A trap door led to the cellar below, wbcre the wines and other commodities I often sat at the old secretary in Mrs. Stedman's chamber casting up accounts or writing off recipes. It was a curious old desk, filled with innumerable drawers and pigeon holes. She often opened the drawers, and showed me their contents ; rare sptcta and drugs and essences; costly at the time of my story, and riot common yeti Mixtures for taking out stains, powders for destroying moths, and a famous poison . for killing rats, which she' said was never known to fail. Tbis^was a white powder, securely sealed in a glass bottle. * I suppose now it was arsenic, but I did not know it then. * I must have been in great favor with her of she would never have shown me all these treasures, but I think it was because I exertea myseir to learn. nousexeoping, was quiet and sober, and bad no looks of levity. It was about the middle of November. The country fairs and festivals were pr^r for the season, and travellers who -had so often stopped at the 'Black Horse [during the summer were few and far between now that the days were growing short andjchiily. The stage coaches aud an occasional horseman alone relieved the monotony. Mrs. Stedman had her apples and vegetables gathered, her corn harvested and husked, her cattle and swine killed and salted. We had fairly settled down for the Winters' quiet, when one -cloudy, cold' day, which seemed to portend snow, as I was. sitting close to the dining-room window doing some sewinsr, and Mrs. Stedman was in her own room, putting away the linen from the weekly wash, the sound of horse's hoofs made me look outripon the road, and there I saw a gentleman mounted on a powerful gray horse, riding straight lip. to the stable door. As he dismounted, I saw he was rather a handsome man, of about thirty-eigbt'or forty. He had a gooil.natured'look, like one who takes the world easy, and at the same time; there was a good deal of determination about his well shaped mouth. ? - He walked in as if the place were familiar to him,- ai\d asked if Mrs. Stedman were at home and if be could have dinner. Before 1 conld aqswer cither question, she came down stairs aqd received the gentleman with' more ceremony and respect than I had ever seen', her bestow upon any one. Judging from her manncr.lhc was an entire stranger to her, I thought lie glanced sharply .at her, at first, anil then seemed satisfied ; for he entered the parlor, which she opened for him, an 1 in aqareless way flung himself djwn in an easy chair before the fire, toawait dinner. Mrs. Steltnan seemed greatly excited. She 'told me to lay the table with the beat linen, silver and china, and went her self into the kitchen to superintend; Patty while she cooked the meal, a thing she* seldom did for anybody. She sent me into the cellar for a bottle of thi} teit- wine it contained, and told me to peu'r it into tbe nicest ci|it.glnss decanter. .-I bad an idea that she bad discovered the gentleman to be 6omc great personage — the governor, perhaps,, travelling in disguise, and for tbat.reoson treated l^iim with such respect. When' the table was all laid, and the dinner ready to beset upon it, Mrs. Stedman told me to go again into th^ cellar for a certain famous pickle she kept there. I did as 1 was told, and she went up to her room. As I have said before, there was a trap door leading to the cellar, in the closet where the stairs lending to her room were. It was not directly under.tbem,nnd I suppose I was not gone so long as she expected, for, as I cftme. up' with the pickle jar I saw herswiftly descend the stairs with the scaled bottle con taining the white powdetr in her hands ; and go.ine to the table shook a little of it into the .wineglass, and pouring.some wine out of the decanter R$e filled the glass and called out to ?me— still in' the cellar as she supposed, to open the parlor door, and say to the gentle man that [dinner was served. Then she quickly went up to her room again. I was so horrified at what 1 bad seen tbnt, for a moment, I could notlmove; then— and I shall never know what impelled me, some tiling I could not. help— I rushed to the table, seized tho wine glass, nnd pitched it and its contents out of the window. As I did so I heard n slight noise near the parlor door; nnd there stood the gentleman observing mo, - \- 41 And so that's her game, Is it ?' he said, Jjalf to himself. . . He stood, silently for a moment, then.be turned to me and said: - .-? ? ' I saw tho whole of It, my girl ; go 'and uak Mrs. Sttidman to come here,' I did tis she bade me, and presently she came- n«r faco was deadly pale, and her black eyes hail an unearthly brightness. The pcnticmairdrew a stop or two nearer, and said : ' You rccngnisQ nie, I seo, Mr*. Stedrnan.' ?{ Don't 1 1' she answered, In a low voice. , The gentleman laughed. - f. » If I had partaken of your hospitality, my wife might have been a widow at the hands of her own mother.' At these words 1 saw Mrs. Stedman change color. ' Wife ?' b1io faltered. * 4' Ye*, my honored wife, nnd the mother of my children — your! daughter Claia. 'Of con ihu l marm-ti our,, » nn-i uu iiui-uuou oi dollig nthcrwUo. B wuh done prlvato1v7to keep It from my father; Ifjon had not been] too cursedly proud to open her letters, you- \yuuld havu know It long ago.; By tioorgu! 'you'rii -not going to faint V for Mis. Htedmnn sank down on tho floor without u word. ' 1 screamed, and tho cook and tho kitchen ranld cainu running in, and between us wo raised her and placed hor on the aofu; but presently sho started un nnd went to \wv uwu room, nnd wo beam her lock tho dour, ?? Mlfltui hM seen a. ghost,' tho kitchen mall said. Tho nook hlutcd darkly at 'npnsmi,' but Mr. IJving»t-h'i rind 1 lu-jkeJ ut each other without u wotiV 'Well, I suppose \ can have my dinner now,' ho said, at lait. And I i.iunt «ay.ho ntolt with a hotter ap petite than I should fiava supposed possible under jhq clrcumutnuoti. ? Ho evoa draok some of the wine, and praised iis tine flavorl ? -.!-?? *1 ? ?Toward sunset he rode awAy, lenjv'ng a note for Mrs. Stedman. -We all went .w-ut our business, for work never slacked in that House, i and the evening. coach .was expected. It came with the usual bustle of changing horses! aqd getting supper for the passen gers ; ibuP-Mrs. Stediqan did not appear, nor did we: hear from her until nearly noon the next day, When hor bell rang, and the maid said Mrs. Stedman wanted me. I went up to her room, arid such a change I had not expected to see; - Her face was as white : as her hair, and her band shook visibly. She extended toward me a long knitted purse which was filled with gold. ' Alice,' she said, 44 you are a good girl ; take this, and to-nigbt .when the B ? ? coach Btarts, go home to your parents. I vi.il1 take care that no blame is attached to you.' 'T ; ' I -Tonit want'SivL^T. Mrs.- Stedman,' but I will go home if you. wTTiv*.l^fc m«» and' tell no one but my father and mow.lber,' I said- ? i .? ' . ' * ' ' ? She held out the purse and pointed to tlm door, and! I left the room and hastily packed , my trunk ; aud when tbe coach was ready, got in and started- for home. My parents were very much surprised when it set me dowri at the door, and they were still more astonished when I told 'my story. ? : ? ? ' ' . ' Mrs. Stedman continued to keep the 'Black Horse Inn' ten . yeare longer, when one 'morning she was found dead in her bed. i . She never visited her daughter, but/ 1, have heard that Clara and her. children passed a few weeks with her .every summer. Mr. Livingston she never saw again. When lifer will was i read it was - found that she had divided her property iriequal shares between her eldest grandson StedmanLivingston; and myself * : ! 