' mm:: I — 1 — — — ,| | « I By Beet Haete. lin∨ of 1 Tlie Luckof Roaring Camp,' 'Tales of the In the Carquinev Woods,' 4 Maruja,' I tie. i all eights reserved. I Chapter I. | As tlie master of the Indian Spring- - school merged from the pine woods into the little (fearing before the school-house, he stopped IthLsiluig, put his hat less jauntily on his lisad. threw away some wild dowers he had lettered oil his way, aud otherwise assumed f the severe demeanour of his profession and I Lis mature age— which was at least twenty. I Ke\\. x\iat- he usually felt this an assumption ; j I \Wa;a firm conviction of his serious nature I that he impressed others, as he did himself, I with the blended austerity and ennui of deep I and exhausted experience. I The building- which was assigned to him I ad his flock by the Board of Education to I iuolumne County, California, had been I originally a church. It still bore a faded I (dour of sanctity, mingled, however, with a I tier aud slightly alcoholic breath of political I dicusdon, the result of its weekly occupa- I ton, under the authority of the Board as a I Tribune for the enunciation of party I principles and devotion to the Liberties of I People. There "were a few dog-eared I Jiymn-books on the teacher's desk, and the Hack-board but imperfectly hid an im- 1 Phoned appeal to the citizens of Indian ; spring to 4 Bally ' for Stebbins as Super- ; I The master had been struck with the 9 sze of the black type ia which this placard fas printed, and with a shrewd perception of H fahie to the rouud wandering eyes of his Mfaaller pupils, allowed it to remain as a m <-'iample of orthography. Un- 9 fortunately, although subdivided ana spelt by 9 Uienx in separate letters with painful and a flinf :;?cura'J.T' it was collectively known as B , a%/ and its general import productive Bc,fvaguohilaiity. I a 'king a large key from liis pocket the stor unlocked the "door and threw it open, I wTtli a certain precaution I to in'0, l"s experience in once finding a la sociable rattlesnake coiled uo near 9 i$ -A- slight disturbance which 9 fW Rdrusion shewed the value of 9 WP?aUti0a' aae that theroomhad 9 teac-f fCat use fr various private and 9 itresi i. eian® 8 anmaod nature. An 9 aenancQ of yellow-birds and 9 flttoiSh « smsse<l themselves hurriedly 9 alii!, v rotea floor and windows, but a 9 st' ffeiifed suddeuly into stony 9 ifoshiJ0' +i c%e an open -arithmetic 9V- I1® heart of the master sadly by 9fc?T anoe somfi kept-in and for- I 1! i who had succumbed over the I trizwi tJT? nt accompbsh, that he was \- COmPunction. Were |j£hhnself , and re-establishing as B fycbw /fcorous discipline of the room H edu ail(s and saying Sho !' lie H ?Wr £ narrow aisles of benches, re- BBan frn Ivrten arithmetic, and piek- 91 <es£s hem and there certain Pleces t plaster and crumbling fttsgjo had fallen from the ceiling, as if H leaves „ -A-cademus bad been shading W i, When he . reached his the Ad and remained for I rPrentm gaS" into it. M th-Qpgditahon however, was simply H Special ftrrangement -with tlia aatberi the combined reflection of his own features m a small pocket mirror in its recesses a perplexing doubt in his mind whether the sacrifice of his budding moustache was not essential to the professional austerity of his countenance. - But he was presently aware of the sound of small voices, light cries and brief laughter scattered at vague - and re mote distances from the school- house— not unlike the birds and squirrels he had just dis possessed. He recognised by these signs that it was nine o'clock, and his scholars were assembling. - They came in their usual desultory fashion — the fashion of country school children the world over— irregularly, spasmodically, aud always as if accidentally ; a few hand-in- hand, others driven a-head of or dropped be hind their elders ; some in straggling groups more or less coherent and at times only con nected by far-off intermediate voices scattered on a space of half a mile, but never auite alone ; always preoccupied by something else than the actual business on hand; appearing suddenly from ditches, behind trunks, and between fence rails ; cropping up in unex pected places along the road after vague and purposeless detours — seemingly going any where and everywhere but to school! So unlooked- for, in fact, was their final arrival that the master who had a few moments be fore failed to descry a single torn straw hat or ruined sun bonnet above his visible horizon, was always startled to find them suddenly under his windows, as if, like the birds, they had alighted from the trees. Nor was their moral attitude towards their duty any the more varied ; they always arrived as if tired and reluctant, with a doubting sulkiness that perhaps afterwards beamed iuto a charming hypocrisy, but invariably temporising with. thftir i'nstiiioi" until tlifilast, ninmpni, rvnl-rr relinquishing- possible truancy on the very threshold. Even after they were marshalled i on their usual benches they gazed at each other every morning with a perfectly fresh astonishment and a daily recurring enjoy- ! ment of some hidden joke in this tremendous rencontre. \- It had been the habit of the master to utilise these preliminary vagrancies of his little iiock by inviting them on assembling to recount any -interesting incident of their journey hither or failing this, from their not infrequent shyness in expressing what had secretly interested them, any event that had occurred within their knowledge since they last met. He had done this, partly to give them time to recover themselves in that more formal atmosphere, . and partly, I fear, because, notwithstanding his conscientious gravity, it greatly amused him. It also diverted them from their usual round-eyed, breathless contemplation of himself — a regular morning inspection which generally embraced every detail of his dress and appearance, and made every chang-e or deviation the subject of whispered comment or stony astonishment. He knew that they knew him more thoroughly than he did himself, and shrank from the intuitive vision ox tnese smali clairvoyants. 4 Well?' said the master, gravely. There was the usual interval of bashful hesitation, verging on nervous hilarity or hypocritical attention. For the last six months this question by the master had been invariably received each morning as a veiled pleasantry which might lead to baleful infor mation, or conceal some query out of the dreadful books before Mm. Yet this very element of danger had its fascinations. Johnny Filgee, a small boy, blushed violently, and, without getting up, began hurriedly ia a high key, 4 Tige ith got,' and then suddenly subsided into a whisper. 4 Speak up, Johnny,' said the master, encouragingly. 4 Please, sir, it ain't any thin' he's seed — nor any real news, said Buperfc Filgee, his elder brother, rising with family concern and frowning openly upon Johnny ; 4 it's jest his foolishness ; he ought er be licked.' Finding himself unexpectedly on his feet, and apparently at the end of a long speech, he coloured also, and then said hurriedly, 4 Jimmy Snyder — he seed suthin'. Ask him /' and sat down, a recognised hero. Every eye, including the master's, was turned on Jimmy Snyder. But that youthful observer, instantly diving Ins Read, and slioul- ders into his desk, remained there gurgling as if under water. Two or three nearest him endeavoured with some struggling to bring him to an intelligible surface again. The master waited patiently. Johnny Filgee took advantage oi the diversion to begin again in a high key, - Tige it'll got thix,' and sub sided. ; 4 Come, Jimmy,' said the master, with a touch of peremptoriness. Thus adjured, JimmyjSnyder came up glowingly, and brist ling with full stops and exclamation points; 4 Seed a black b'ar comin' outer Daves' woods, he; said excitedly. 4 Nigh to me ez you be. 'N big ez a hoss ; 'n snarlin ! 'n snapping !— like - gosh ! . -Kern along ker clump tororda inc. Beckoned he'd skeer me i Didn't skeer me worth a cent. I heaved a rock at him—I did now ! (in defianceof mur- muis of derisive comment) — 'n he slid. Ef he'd kern up furder I'd hevup with my slate and swotted him over tho snoot— bet your boots!'; The master here thought fit to interfere; and gravely point out that the habit of striking bears as large as a hereo school slate was equally dangerous to tne date (which was else the property <« Tao# lumne County) and to the striker ; and that the verb 4 to swot and tho noun sub stantive snoot were likewise indefensible; and not to be tolerated. Thus admonished Jimmy Snyder, albeit uushaken in his faith in his own courage, sat down. A slight pause ensued. The youthful Filgee, taking advantage of it, opened in a higher key, 4 Tige ith—' but the master's attention was here diverted by the searching eyes of Oetavia Dean, a girl of eleven, who after the fashion of her sex preferred a personal recog nition. of her presence before she spoke. : Suc ceeding in catching his eye, she threw back her long hair from her shoulders with an easy habitual gesture, rose, and with a faint acces sion of colour said — , Cressy M4Kinstry came homefrom Sacra mento. Mrs. M'Kinstry told mother she's comin' back hero to school.' The master looked qp with an alacrity nurTiuvia lnonriiiafanf. wnfli jy 1. ivw»«jujvvi.v » VU. Alio ' LjillLCU austerity. Seeing the young girl curiously Watching him with an expectant smile, he regretted it. Cressy M'Kinstry, who was sixteen years old, had been one of the pupils he had found at the school when he first came. But as he had also found that she was there in the extraordinary attitude of being 4 engaged' to one Setk Davis, a fellow pupil of nineteen, aud as most of the court ship was carried ou freely and un ceremoniously during school hours with the full permission of the master's predecessor, the master had been obliged to point out to the parents of the devoted couple the em barrassing effects of tMs association on the discipline of the school. The result had been the . withdrawal of the lovers, and possibly I tho goodwill of tlie parents.. The return of the 3romig lady was consequently a matter of bulllc eigmuutiuue. xiau trie xuasuei a proi/CSi been accepted, or had the engagement itself been broken off ? Either was not improbable. His momentary loss of attention was Johnny Filgee' s great gain. 4 Tige, said Johnny, with sudden and alarming distinctness, 4 'ith got thix pupths 1 — mothly yaller.' In. the laugh wMch followed this long withheld announcement of an increase in the family, of Johnny's yellow and disreputable setter 4 Tiger,' who usually accompanied him to school and howled outside, the master joined with marked distinctness. Then he said, with equally marked severity, 4 Books !' The little levee was ended, and school began. It continued for two hours with short sighs, corrugations of small foreheads; the. complaining cries aud scratchings of slate pencils over slates; -and other signs of minor anguish among the more youth ful of the flock; and -with more or less whisperings, move nen4s of the Hps, aud un conscious soiiloquoy among the older pupils. The master moved slowly Aip and down the aisles with a word of encouragement or ex planation here and there, stopping with his hands behind him to gaze- abstractedly out of the windows, to the wondering envy of the little ones. A faint hum, as of invisible insects, gradually pervaded the school ; the more persistent droning of a large bee had become dangerously soporific. The hot breathef the pines without had invaded the doors and windows ;, the -Warped shingles and weather- boarding at times creaked and snapped under the rays of the vertical and unclouded sun. A gentle perspiration broke out like a mild epidemic in the infant class ; little curls became damp, brief lashes limp, round eyes moist, and small eyelids heavy. The master himself started, and awoke out of a perilous dream of other eyes and hair to collect himself severely. For the irresolute, half -embarrassed, half -lazy figure of a man had halted doubtingly before the porch and open door. Luckily the children, who were facing the master with their backs to the entrance, did not see it. Yet the figure was neither alarming nor unfamiliar. The master at once recognised it as Ben Dabney, otherwise known as 4 Uncle Ben,' a good-humoured but not over- bright miner, who occupied a small cabin on an unambitious claim in the outskirfs'of Indian Spring. His avuncular title was evident! v onlv an ironical tribute to Ins amiable incompetency and heavy good nature, for he was still a young' man with, no family ties, and by reason of his singular shyness, not even a visitor in the few families of the neighbourhood. As tlie master looked up he had an irritating recollection -that Ben had been already haunting Mm for the last two days, alternately appearing and disappearing in his path to and from school as a more than usually reserved and bashful ghost. This, to '' the master's cynical mind, clearly indicated that, like most ghosts, lie had something of essentially selfish -import to communicate. Gatehing the apparition's half -appealing eye,: he proceeded to exercise it with a portentous frown and shake of the head, that caused it to" timidly wane and fall away from the porch, only, however, to reappear and wax larger a few minutes later at one of the side windows. The infant class hailing his Appearance as a heaven-sent boon, the master was oMigod to walk to the doorandcommand Mm sternly away, when, retreating to the fence, he mounted the uppermost rail, and, drawing a knife horn Ids pocket, cut a - lOtig splinter from tee rail, and began to- whittle it in patient and xgeditative. sUenee. But when rectos was 7 declared, and tho relieved feelings of the little flock had vent in the clearing around tee schoolhouse, the few who rushed to the spot found that Uncle Ben had already dis appeared. "Whether the appearance of the children was too ineonsistentwiih his ghostly mission, or whether Ms heart failed him at ike last moment, the master could not de termine. Yet, distasteful as the impending interview promised to be, the master was vaguely and irritatingly disappointed. A few hours later, when school was bring dismissed, the master found Oetavia -Dean lingering near his desk. Looking into the girl,s mischievous eyes, he good-humouredly answered their expectation by -referring to her morning's news. 4 1 thought Misa M'Kinstry had been married by this time,' he said carelessly. Oetavia swinging her satchel like a censor, as if she were performing some act of Liuuruiuaiiuu uver juur compieiea xasKS, re plied demurely : 4 Oh no ! dear no.!— not that. So it would seem, said the master. \- 4 1 reckon she never kalkilated to, either,' continued Oetavia, slyly looking up from the corner of her lashes. . 4 Indeed !' 4 No — she was just funning with Setli Darts — that's all.' 4 Funning with, him V 4 Yes, sir. Kinder foolin' hint, you know.' 4 Kinder foolin Mm !' For an instant the master felt it his pro fessional duty to protest against this most un- maidenly and frivolous treatment of the matrimonial engagement, but a second glance at the significant face of Ms youthful auditor made him conclude that her instinctive knowledge of her own sex could be better Trusted man ins own lmpertect meones. Je turned towards Ms desk without speaking. Oetavia gave an extra swing to her satchel, tossing it over her shoulder with a certain small coquett islmess and moved towards the door. As sho did so the infant Filgee from the safe vantage of the porch where he had lingered was suddenly impelled to a crowning audacity ! As if struck with an original idea, but apparently addressing himself to space, he cried out, 4 Cretky M'Kinthry likth Teacher,' and instantly vanished. Putting these incidents sternly aside, the master addressed himself to the task of setting a few copies for the next day as the voices of Ms departing flock faded from the porch. Presently a silence fell upon the little sehool- liouse. Through the open door a cool, restful breath stole gently as if Nature were again stealthily taking possession of her own. A squirrel boldly came across the porch, a few twittering birds charging in, stopped, bea t the air hesitatingly for a moment with their wings, and fell back with bashfully protest ing breasts aslant against the open door and the unlooked-for spectacle of the silent occupant. Then there was another movement of intrusion, but this time human, and the master looked irn ano-rilv to behold TTnolo Ben. He entered with a slow exasperating step, lifting Ms larg-e boots very high and putting them down again softly as if he were afraid of some insecurity in the floor, or figuratively recognised the fact that the pathways of knowledge were thorny and difficult. Beach ing the master's desk and the ministering presence above it he stopped awkwardly, and with the rim of his soft felt hat endeavoured to wipe from Ms face the meek smile it had worn when he entered. It chanced also that he halted before the minute stool of the infant Filgee and his large figure instantly assumed such Brobdinagian proportions in contrast that he became more embarrassed than ever. The master made no attempt to relieve him, but regarded Mm with cold interrogation. 4 1 reckoned/ he began, leaning one hand on the master's desk with affected ease, as he dusted Ms leg with his hat with, the other, 4 1 reckoned — that is — I allowed — I orter say — that I'd find ye alone at this time. Ye gin'rally are, ye know. It's a nice, soothinJ restful, stoodious time, when a man kin, so to speak, run back on bis eddication and think of alike ever knowed. Ye're jist like me, andve see I sorter spotted your ways to onet. 4 Then why did yon come here this morning, and disturb the school?' demanded the master sharply. 4 That's so, I sorter slipped up thar, didn't I ?' said Uncle Ben with a smile of rueful ; assent. 'JYou .see I didn't allow to come in then, hut on'y to hang round a leetle and kinder get used to it, and it to me.' '. Used to what !' said the master im patiently, albeit with a slight softening at | Ms intruder's penitent expression. ' " Uncle Ben did not reply immediately, but, : looked round as if for a seat, tried one or two benches and a. desk with Ms large hand as "if testing their security and finally abandoning the idea as dangerous, seated himself on the raised platform beside the master's chair, having previously dusted it with the flap of his hat. Finding, however, that the attitude was not conducive to ex planation, he presently rose again and pick ing up one of the school books from tee master's desk eyed it unskilfully upside- down, and teen said hesitatingly, I reckon ye ain'tusin Dobrii'a 'Rithmetic heref No/ said the master. That's bad. Tears to be pfayed out — \ r / .fr &> t that Dobell feller. I" was <n Dobell. And Parsing's Grammar ? ! Ye don't seem to be a using Parsing's Grammar either?' - - - 4 No,' said the master, relenting stiil more ' as he glanced at Uncle Ben's perplexed face with a faint smile. ' : 4 And I reckon yon'ld be- saying "the same . of J ones' " strohemy and algebry? , Things hev changed. You've got all "the new style here,' he .continued - with affected/ carelessness, but stndiimRTy ; L toaster's eye. 4 For a. man; ez. . wns hp on "Parsings/' Dobell/ and Jones, tiiari ' Idoh't appear to be much show nowaday.' The master did not reply. ObserytogTr ( "A A several shades of colour chase each otheT 'on; - Uncle Ben's face he beiit his own gravely ' over his books. The act appeared to relieve Ms companion, who, with his eyes stiff , turned towards the window, went on : El you id had them hooks — which you haven't — I had it in my mind to ask you : suthen. I had an idea of— of— sort of reviewing- my eddication. Kinder going over the old books agin — jist to pass the time. Sorter 'running in yer arter school hours and doin' a little practisin', eh?- You5 looking on me as an"'efry scholar— and I payin' ye as sich — but keepin' it 'twixt our selves, you know — just for a pastime, eh ?' As the master smilingly raised his head , he became suddenly and ostentatiously attracted to the window. 4 Them jay birds out there is mighty peart, . coming right np to the schoolhouse ! I reckon they tMnk it sort o' restful, too.' 4 But if you really mean it, couldn't you use these books, Uncle Ben?' said the master- eheerf ully. 4 1 daresay there's little difference — the principle is the same, you know. ' Unele Bens face, which had suddenly brightened, as suddenly fell. He took, the book from the master's hand without meeting his eyes, held it at aim's length, turned it over, and then laid it softly down upon the desk as if it were some excessively fragile, article. 4 Certingly, ' lie murmured with as sumed reflective ease. 4 Certainly. The principle's all there.' Nevertheless he was quite breatMoss and a few beads of perspira tion stood out upon Ms smooth, blank fore head. 4 And as to writing, for instance/ con tinued the master with increasing heartiness as lie took , notice of these phenomena, 4 you know any copy bpok will do.' _ He handed his pen carelessly to Uncle. Ben. The large hand that took it/ tutiidly, . not only trembled but gi<Tsped Witi fii'-" fatol and hopeless unfamfiarity that the master was fain to walk to the window and observe the birds also. .,y; , 4 There's mighty bold— them jays,' said.., Uncle Ben laying down the pen with scrupu lous exactitude beside the. hook and gazing . at bis fingers as if he had acMeved a miracle of delicate manipulation. 4 They don't seem to be afeared of nothing, do they.' Tliawi wac annf.lir BAllSfi. TllC Hl&StCr; suddenly turned from the window. 4 I toll, you what, Uncle Ben,' he said with prompt decision and unshaken gravity, 4 the only thing for yon to do is to just throw over jjobell and Parsons and Jones and the old quill pen that I set you're accustomed to, and start in fresh as if you'd never known them. Forget -'em all, you know." It will be might y hard of course to do' that/ he con tinued, looking out of the windoWj 4 but you must do it.' He turned back, the brightness that transfigured Uucle Beu's face . at that moment brought a slight moisture into Ms own eyes. Tlie humble seeker of know ledge said hurriedly that he- would try., 4 And begin again at the beginning/ con tinued the master cheerfully. 4 Exactly like one of those — in fact as, as if you really were a child again.' 4 That's so/ said Uncle Ben, rubbing bis hands delightfully, 4 that's me ! Why, that's jest what I was sayin' to Roop Then you've already been talking about it !' intercepted the master in some surprise. 4 I thought you wanted it kept secret ?' 4 Well, yes/ respondedUncleBen dubiously. 4 But you see I sorter agreed with Roop Fi la-OA that if von took to mv ideas aud ( didn't object, I'd give Mm two bits i eye1? time he'd 1 Two bits, Le., twenty-fire cents, kem here and help me of an arternoon when you was away and kind 'or stand guardander the schoolhouse, you know, so as to. keep the fellows off. And Roop's mighty sharp for a boy, ye know.' The master reflected a moment, and con- eluded that Uncle Ben was probably right. Rupert Filgee, who was a handsome boy of fourteen, was also a strongly original cha racter whose, youthful cynicism and blunt; honest - temper, had always attracted him. - He was a fair scholar, with a possibility of being a better oue, and the proposed arrange ment with Uncle Ben would not interfere with the discipline of School hours, and might help them both. Nevertheless, he asked good- humouredly, But could'nt you do this more securely and easily in your Qwn house ? I might lend you tee -hooks,, you. know, anfl come to you twice .a week, . Uncle Ben's radiant face snddenly ribuded. 4 It wouldn't : be exactly tee same kind o game to me an' RCop/ he said heritatibgiy 4 You see thar's tee idea o tee steod-htoi&i; ye know, and tee rC9tfi|lnes3 wdl&e;%eQ!i«ir|o' study And- the boys arSutid. taxm pz wptfld't; ihirik noim.' o' ' they spotiwhat I was upto thai, would never dream 0' hunt- rngmfi here e-.y y .. Wezy we31,' said the maker, 'let it be here then.? OlzVingj lbat his companion seined to l>e etruggbng mtb an inarticulate gratitude and an apparently inextricable buckskin purse in bis pocket, be added quietly, 1 11 set you a few copies to com mence with,' and began to layout afewun- finisbedcxamples of Master Johnnie Filgee's scholastic achievements. Afterf thanking yon, Mr.t Ford,' said Uncle Ben. faintly, 4 cf you'll jest kinder signify, you know, what you consider a fair — t Mr. Uerd turndd quickly and dexterously offered basband to Ms. companion in such a marmertiiafc he was obliged to withdraw his own from his pocket to grasp it in return.. You're very welcome,' said the master, 4 and as T can Only permit this sort of thing gra tuitously, you'd better not let me know that you propose giving anything even to Rupert. He shook Uncle Ben's perplexed hand again, briefly explained what he had to do, and saying that he would now leave him alone a few minutes, he took his. hat and walked towards the door. - Then you reckon,' said Uncle Ben slowly, regarding the work before hun, 4 that I'd better jest chuck them Dobell fellers over board?' I certainly should,' responded the master Wivq And sorter waltz in fresh, like one o' them children?' . ... . Like a child,' nodded the master as he left the porch. \- A few moments later as he. was finishing his cigar in the clearing he paused to glance in at the schoolroom window. Uncle Ben, stripped of his coat and waiscoat, with Ins shirt sleeves rolled up on his .powerful arms, had evidently cast Dobell and all misleading extraneous aid aside, and with, the perspira tion standing out on his foolish forehead, and his perplexed face close to the Master' s desk was painfully groping along towards the light in the tottering and devious tracks of Master Johnnie Filgee, like a very child, indeed. Chapter II. As the children were slowly straggling to their places the next morning, the master waitedfor an opportunity to speak to Rupert . That beautiful but scarcely amiable youth was, as usual, surrounded and impeded by a group of his small female admirers, for whom, it is but just to add, he had a supreme contempt. Possibly it was this healthy quality that inclined the master towards him, and it was consequently with some satisfaction that he overheard frag ments of his openly disparaging comments upon his worshippers. There I' to Clarinda Jones, 4 don't flop 1 A-nfl don't yew,' to Octavia Dean, 4 go on breathing over my head like that. If there's anything I hate it's having a girl breathing round me. Yes, you were ! I felt it in my hair. And you, too — you're always snoopin' and snoodgin.' Oh, yes, you want to know <why V\e got an extra copybook and another 'Rithmetic, Miss Curiosity. "Well, what 4>A ImATtr 9 "\A/ ont +/\ can IT wuuau. yvu. g«c to w dw, they're pretty ' (with infinite scorn at the ad jective) 4 No,, they ain't pretty. That's all yon girls think about — what's pretty and what's curious ! Quit now ! Come ! Don't yon see teacher lookin' at yon. Ain't you ashamed V He caught the master's beckoning eye and came forward, slightly abashed, with a flush of irritation still on his handsome face, and his chestnut curls slightly rumpled. One, which Octavia had covertly accented by twisting round her forefinger, stood up like a crest on bis head. 'I've told Uncle Ben that you might help bim here after school hours,' said the master, taking hun aside. 4 You may, therefore, omit your writing exercise in the morning and do it in the afternoon.' The boy's dark eyes sparkled. 4 And if it it would be all the same to you, sir,' he added earnestly, 4 you might sorter give out in school that I was to be kept in.' I'm afraid that would hardly do,' said the master, much amused. 4 But why V Hubert's colour deepened. So ez to keep them darned girls from foolin' round me and followin' me back here. We will attend to that,' said the master smiling ; a moment after he added more seriously, I suppose your father knows that you arc to receive money for this ? And he doesn't object V 4 He ! Oh ho !' returned Rupert with a slight look of astonishment, and the- same general guggesuon or patronising ms progenitor that he had previously shown to his younger brother. You needn't mind him.' In reality Filgee perc, a widower of two years' standing, hatl tacitly allowed the discipline of his family to devolve upon Rupert. Remembering this the master could only say, 4 Very well,' and good- naturedly dismiss the pupil to his seat and the subject from his mind. The last laggard bad just slipped in, the master had glanced over the occupied benches with his hand upon his warning bell,' when there was a quick step on the gravel, a flutter of skirts like the sound of alighting birds, and a young woman lightly entered. In the rounded, untouched and untroubled freshness of her cheek and chin, and the forward droop .of her slender neck, she appeared a girl of fifteen ; in her developed figure and the maturer drapery of her full skirts she seemed a woman ; in her com bination of naive recklessness and perfect understanding of her person 6he was both. In spite of a few school books that jauntily . swung from a strap in her gloved hand, she . bore no resemblance to a pupil ; in her pretty gown of dotted muslin with bows of blue ribbon on the skirt and oorsage, and a cluster of roses in her belt she was as inconsistent and incongruous to the others as a fashion plate would have been in the dry and dog-eared pages before them. Yet she carried it off with, a cLemure mingling of the naivete of youth and the aphmb of a woman, and as she swept down the harrow aisle, burying a few small wondering heads in the overflow of her flounces, there. was no doubt of her reception in the arch sinile that dimpled Jber eheek. Dropping a half courtesy to the iqabter, dho only suggestion of her equality ; with the others, die took her place atone of- the largfer desks, and resting 'her elbow on the lid began to quietly remove her gloves. It was. Cressy M'Kinstry. Irritated and disturbed at the girl's un ceremonious entrance the master for the moment recognised her salutation coldly, and affected to ignore her elaborate appearance. The situation was embarrassing. He could not decline to receive her as he was no longer accompanied by her lover, nor could he plead entire ignorance of her broken engagement ; while to point out the glaring inappropriate - ness of costume would be a fraslunterfcrenceho knew Indian Spring would scarcely tolerate. He could only accept such explanation us she might choose to give. He rang his bed as much to avert' the directed eyes of the children as to bring the scene to a climax. She had removed her gloves and was standing up. I reckon I can go on where I left off ?' she 6aid lazily, pointing to the books she had brought with her. 4 For the present,' said the master drily. The first class was called, loiter, when his duty brought him to her side, he was sur prised to find that she was evidently already prepared with consecutive lessons as if she were serenely unconscious of any doubt of her return, and as coolly as if she had only left school the day before. Her studies were stillquite elementary, for C ressy M 4 Kinstry had never been a brilliant scholar, but he per ceived, with a cynical doubt of its permanency, dm ImrT Tvvstewofl iimiKiial.mre unnn her present performance. There was, moreover, a certain aeiian.ee in it, as if she had resolved ty stop any objection to her return on the sooreof def o'encies. He was obliged, in self-defence, to take particular note of some rings she wore, and a large bracelet that ostentatiously glittered on her white arm — which had already attracted the attention of her com panions, and prompted the audible comment from Johnny Filgee that it was 4 truly gold.' "Without meeting her eyes he contented him self with severely restraining the glances of the children that wandered in her direction. She had never been quite popular with the school in her previous role of fiancee, and only Octavia Dean and one or two older girls appreciated its mysterious fascination, while the beautiful Rupert, secure in hts avowed predilection for the middle-aged wife of the proprietor of the Indian Spring- hotel, looked upon her as a precocious chit with more than the usual propensity to objectionable 4 breath ing.' Nevertheless the master was irritatingly conscious of her presence — a presence which now had all the absurdity of her ridiculous love experiences superadded to it. He tried to reason with himself that it was only a phase of frontier life, which ought to have amused him. But it did not. The intrusion of this preposterous girl seemed to disarrange the discipline of his life as well as of Ms school. The usual vague, far-off dreams in which he was in the habit of indulging during school hours, dreams that were perhaps superinduced by the remoteness of Ms retreat and a certain restful sympathy in his little auditors, which had made him — the grown-up dreamer — acceptable to them in his gentle understanding of their needs and weaknesses — now seamed to have vanished forever. At recess, Octavia Dean, who had drawn near Cressy and reached up to place her arm round the older girl s waist, glanced at her with a patronising smile born of some rapid freemasonry, and laughingly retired with the others. The master, at Ms deck, and Gressy, who had halted in the aisle, were left alone. , 4 1 have had no intimation yet from your father or mother that yon were coming back to school again,' he began. 4 But I suppose they have decided upon your return?' An uneasy suspicion of some arrangement with her former lover had prompted the emphasis. The young girl looked at him with languid astonishment. 4 1 reckon paw and maw ain't no objection,' she said, with the same easy ignoring of parental authority that charac terised Rupert Filgee the day before, and which seemed to be a local peculiarity. 4 Maw did offer to come yer and see you, but I told her she needn't bother.' She rested her two hands beMnd her on the edge of a desk, and leaned against it, looking down upon the toe of her smart little shoe which was describing a small semi-circle beyond the hem of her gown. Her attitude, which was half -defiant,, half -indolent, brought otit the pretty curi es of her waist and shoulders. Hie master noticed it and became a trifle more austere. 4 Then I am to understand that this is a permanent thing?' he asked coldly. 4 "What's that ?' said Cressy interrogatively. 4 Am I to understand that you intend coming regularly to school?' repeated the master CUrtiy, or is wjis merciy an arrange ment for a few days — until 7 4 Oh,' said Cressy comprehendingly, lifting her unabashed blue eyes to his, 4 you mean that. Oh, that's broke off. Yes,' she added contemptuously, making a larger semi-circle with her foot, 'that's over — three weeks ago.' 4 And Setli Davis — does he intend returning too?' 4 He !' . She broke into a fight girlish laugh. 4 1 reckon not much ! S'long's I'm here, at least.' She had just lifted herself to a sitting posture on the desk, so that her little feet swung clear of the floor in their saucy dance. Suddenly she brought her heels together and alighted. 4 So that's all ?' she asked. 4 Yes.' Kin I go now ? 4 Yes.' She laid her hooks one on the top of the other and lingered an instant. 4 Been quite well V she asked with indo lent politeness. 4 Yes — thank you. 4 You're looking right peart.' She, walked with a southern girl's un dulating languor to the door, opened it, then charged suddenly upon Octavia Dean, twirled her round in a wild waltz and bore her away, appearing a moment after on the playgrouud demurely walking with her arm around her companion's waist in an ostenta tious confidence at once lofty, exclusive and exasperating to the smaller children. "When school .was dismissed that afternoon and the master had remained to show Rupert Filgee how to prepare Uncle Ben's tasks, and had given his; final instructions to; his youthful vicegerent, that irascible Adonis unburthenbd himself queruously— - __ 4 Is Cressy M'Kaastry comiiT reg lar, Mr. Ford?' 4 She is,' said the master drily. After a pause he asked, 4 Why ?' . Rupert's curls had descended on his eye brows in 'heavy discontent. 4 It s mighty rough, jest ez a feller reckons he's got quit of her and her jackass bo' to hev her prancm back inter school agin, and rigged out like ez : if she'd been to a fire in -a nu .liner s shop.' 4 lou. shouldn't allow your personal dis likes, Rupert, to provoke you to speak of a fellow-scholar in that way — and a young lady too, corrected the master drily. 4 The woods is ful. o' sieh feller- scholavs, and sich young ladies, ft yer keer to go a gunning for 'em,' said Rupert, with dark and slangy significance. 4 Ef I'd known she was comin' back I'd he stopped and brought ' his sunburnt fist against the seam of bis trousers with a boyish gesture, 4 I'd hev jist 4 What V said the master, sharply. 4 I'd hev played hookey tid she left school agin 1 It moutn't hev bin so long, neither,' he added, with a mysterious chuckls 4 Tiiatwilldo,' said the master, peremptorily. 4 For the present you'll attend to your duty aud try to make Uncle Ben see you're some thing more than a foolish, prejudiced school boy, or,' he added, significantly, 4 he and I may both repent our agreement. Let me have a cood account of you . both when I return.' . He took his hat from its peg on the wall, and in -obedience to a suddenly-formed reso lution left tlie schoolroom to call upon the parents of Cressy M'Kinstry. He was not quite certain what he should say, but, after his habit, would trust to the inspiration of the moment. At the worst he could resign a situation that now appeared to require more tact and delicacy than seemed consis tent with his position and he was obliged to confess to himself that he had lately sus pected that bis present occupation — the temporary expedient of a poor but clever young man of twenty — was scarcely bring ing bim nearer a realisation of Ms daily dreams. For Mr. Jack Ford was a youthiul pilgrim who had sought his fortune in Cali fornia so lightly equipped that even in the matter of k-i-n and advisers he was deficient. That prospective fortune had already eluded bim iii San Francisco, had apparently hot waited for him in Sacramento, and now seemed never to have been at Indian Spring. Nevertheless, when he was once out of sight of the school-house he lit a cigar, put his hands in his pockets and strode on with the cheerfulness of that youth to which all things are possible. The children had already dispersed as mysteriously and completely as they had arrived. Between him and the straggling hamlet of Indian Spring the landscape seemed to be without sound or motion. The wooded upland or ridge on which the school- house stood, half a mile further on, began to slope gradually towards the river, on whose banks, seen from that distance, the town ap peared to have been scattered irregularly or thrown together hastily, as ft cast ashore by some overflow — the Cosmopolitan hotel drift ing into the Baptist Church and dragging in its tail of wreckage two saloons ana a blacksmith's shop, while the County Court house was stranded in solitary grandeur in a waste of gravel half a mile away. The intervening flat was still gashed and fur- « rowed by the remorseless engines of earlier gold-seekers. Mr. Ford was in little sympathy with this unsuccessful record pf frontier endeavour — the fortune he had sought did not seem to lie in that direction — and his eye glanced quickly beyond it to the pine-crested hills across the river, whose primeval security was so near and yet so inviolable, or back again to the trailhe was pursuing along the ridge . Thelatter prospect still retained its semi-savage cha racter in spite of the occasion al suburban cottages of residents, and the few outlying farms or ranches of the locality. The grounds of the cottages were yet uncleared of under brush ; hear and ca amount still prowled around the rude fences of the ranches ; the late alleged experience of the infant Filgee was by no means improbable or unprece dented. A light breeze was seeking the heated fiat and river, and thrilling the leaves around bim with the strong vitality of the forest. The vibrating cross-lights and tremulous chequers of shade cast by the stirred foliage seemed to weave a fantastic net around bim as he walked. The quaint oddlirs of certain woodland herbs known to Ms scholars and re ligiously kept m their desks, or left like votive offerings on the threshold of the schoolhousere- CetueuooA uic jiuuuu v u buupuaty adiix utjuciuus wildness of the little temple he had left. Even in the mischievous glances of evasive squirrels and the moist eyes of contemplative rabbits there were faint suggestions of some of Ms own truants. The woods were tremb ling with gentle memories of the independence he had always known here — of that sweet aud grave retreat — now so ridiculously invaded. He began to hesitate, with one <ft those revulsions of sentiment characteristic of his nature : Why should he bother himself about this girl, after all ? "Why not make np his mind to accept her as his predecessor had done ? Why was it necessary for him to find her inconsistent with Ms ideas of duty to Ms little flock and Ms mission to them ? Was he not assuming a sense of decorum that was open to misconception? The absurdity of her school costume and any responsibility it incurred rested not with him, but her parents. What right had he to point it out to the, and above all how was he to do it? He halted irresolutely at what he believed was Ms sober second thought, but which, like most reflections.that take that flattering title, was only a reaction as impulsive and illogical as the emotion that preceded it. Mr. M'Kinstry' b 4 snake rail' fence wa& already discernible in the lighter opening pf the woods, not far from where he had halted. As he stewM there in hesitation the pretty figure and bright ge-vn of Cressy M'Kinstr suddenly emerged from a more secluded trail that intersected his own at an acute angle, few rods ahead pf him. . She was not alone, but was accompanied by a male figure, whose arm she -had evidently just dislodged from her waist. He was still trying to resume Ms lost vantage; she was as resolutely evading him with a certain nymph-like agflity,wtole the sound of her balf-lauggHig, protest could be faintly htferd- Without being able' to identify the face nr figure of her Smipanion at that distance, he could eee hat it was not her former betrothed, betk A superior smile crossed his face; he no longer hesitated, but at once resumed his former path. For some tune Cressy and her companion moved on quietly heiore im"- Then on reaching the rail fence they turned abruptly to the right, were lost for an instant in the inter veiling thicket, and the next moment Cressy appeared alone, crossing the meadow in a shorter cut towards toe house, having either scaled the fence or slipped through some familiar gap. Her companion had disappeared Whether toey had noticed that they were observed he courf not determine. He kept steadily along the trail that followed the line of fence to the lane that led directly to the farm-building, and pushed open the front gate as Cressy s light dress vanished round an angle at the rear of the house. The house of the M'Kmstrys rose, or rather stretched, itself before him m all the lazy ungainliness of South- %V cstern archi tecture. A collection of temporary make shifts of boards, of logs, of canvas, pre maturely decayed, and in some instances abandoned for "a newer erectiou, or degraded to mere outhouses— it presented with singular frankness the nomadic and tentative dis position of its founder. It had been repaired without being improved; its additions nad. seemed only to. extend its, primitive ugrai over a larger space. Its roofs were rougniy shingled or rudely boarded and battened, and the rafters of. some of its 4 lean-to s were . simply covered with tarred canvas. As if _ to settle any doubt of the impossibility of this heterogeneous mass ever taking upon itself any picturesque combination, a small build- iiig of corrugated iron, transported in sections from some remoter locality, had been set up in its centre. Ihe M'hinstry ranch had long been an eye-sore to the master ; even that morning he had been mutely wondering from what convolution of that Mdeous chrysalis the bright butterfly Cressy had emerged. It was with a renewal of this curiosity tnat he had just seen her flutter back to it again. A yellow dog, who had obs-rved Mm tpsifatinof in doubt where he should enter, here yawned, rose from the sunlight where he had been blinking, approached the master with languid politeness, and. them turned towards the iron building as ft showing him the way. Mr. Ford followed Mm cautiously, painfully conscious that Ms hypocritical canine introducer was only availing himself of an opportunity to gain ingress into tiie house, and was leading him as a responsible accomplice to probable exposure and disgrace. Hia expectation was quickly realised : a lazy, querulous, feminine outcry , with the words, ' Yer's that darnedhound agin !' came from an adjacent room, and Ms exposed and abashed companion swiftly retreated past Mm into the road again. Mr. Ford found himself alone in a plainly-furnished sitting- room confronting the open door leading to another apartment, at wliich the figure of a woman, preceded hastily by a thrown dish cloth, had just appeared. It was Mrs. M'Kinstry ; her sleeves were rolled up over her red but still shapely arms, and as she stood taere wiping mem on ner apruu, wim her elbows advanced, and lier closed hands raised alternately in the air, there was an odd pugilistic suggestion in her attitude. It was not lessened on her sudden discovery of the master by her retreating backwards with her hands . up and her elbows still well forward as if warily retiring to an imaginary . corner.' Mr. Ford at once tactfully stepped back from the doorway. 4 1 beg your pardon,' i:e said, delicately addressing the opposite wall, 4 but I found the door open and I followed the dog.' 4 That's just one of Ms pizenous tricks,' responded Mrs. M'Kinstrv dolefully from within. 4 On'y last week he let in a CMua- man, and in the nat'ral hustlin' that foliered he managed to help himself outer the pork bar'l. There ain't no shade o' eussedness that or'nary hound ain't up to. Yet, notwithstanding this ominous comparison, she presently made her appearance with her sleeves turned down, her black woollen dress 4 tidied,' and a smile of fatigued but not unkindly welcome and protection on her face. Dusting a chair with her apron and placing it before the master, she continued maternally, 4 Now that you're here, set ye right down and make yourself to home. My men folks are all out o' door, but some of 'em's sure to happen in soon for sutton' ; that day ain't yet created that they don't come huntin' up Mummy M4Kinstry every five minutes for this thing or that.' The glow or a certain ham pnde burned through the careworn languor of her brown cheek. "What she had said was strangely true. This raw-boned woman before Mm, although scarcely middle-aged, had for years occupied a self- imposed maternal and pro tecting relation, not only to her husband and brothers, but to the three or four men who as partners or hired hands lived at the ranch. An inherited and trained sympathy with what she called her 41 boys' and her 4 men folk' and their needs had partly unsexed her. She was a fair type of a class not uncommon on the South Western frontier; women who were ruder helpmeets of their rude husbands and brothers, who had shared their privations and sufferings with surly, masculine en durance, rather than feminine patience ; women who had sent their -loved ones to hopeless adventure or terrible vendetta as a matter of course, or with partisan fury; who had devotedly nursed the wounded to keep alike the feud, or had received back their dead dry-eyed and revengeful. Smal wonder that Gressy M4Kinstry had developed strangely under this sexless relationship . Looking at the mother — albeit not without a certain respect — Mr. : Ford found him self contrasting her with the daughter's graceful femininity, and wondering where in Cressy' s youthful contour the possibility o; ' the grim figure before him was even now Mddefi. ' Hiram allowed to go over to the school- house and see you this mornin,' said Hie. M4Kinstry, after a pause ; 4 hut I reckon ez how he had to look up stock on the river The oattle are that wild this time o year, huntin water, .and hangin' round the titles; that my men are nigh worrited out o' their butes with Hank and Jim murfangmee sun up thri with patrollin' the West S Sf wutchin' eukfi8 Harrisons hev Wn +„ W » i y®®- Like ez not ho'.. i hi« fnx-shooter, and them Harri8or,". y »« enough to lay for him Tw®0 C But, she added, rcturahm rTa»SS importauttepie, 'I 8pose <f «he ki; right ?' 1 ressy came all Yes, said the master, honeW>i I reckon she looked iU ' M'Kimtry, wi'h tolerant ahS?®4 nliovred to do herself credit m new store gown is that she imt i ,.""1® mento. At least, that's what 6aa»- inen said. Late years, I ain'rT 0,» with the fashions myself ' st,. fingers explanatori y down the foB. K rsoffni bnt . -4 She seemed well prepared in V>T , said the master, abandoning for the t > that criticism of his pe.pil> saw was utterly futile ; 4 but am I to , , he stand that she is coming school— that she is now perfectly frI 1 give her entire attention to her awt— her— engagement is didn't she tell ye?' echoed Jfe M Kiastry, m languid surprise b/ii' certainly did,' said the roaster wift I slight embarrassment, 4 but- —' ' - I 4Ef.vv7<aidscL,interruptedMrs.1lf1irin<:f«. I abstractedly, Sheoughter know, andyoa£ I .tie to what she says.' y , I 4 But us I'm responsible to parents and not I to scholars for the discipline of my wpi00j I returned the young man- a little stiffly <V I thought it my dutv to hear it from yotj ' I ' That's so,' said Mrs. M'Kinstry niediia I lively ; 4 then I reckon you'd bethr I Htraai. That ar' Seth Davis engagement I was a matter of hern and her father's, and I not in my line. I 'epose that Hiram nat'mlly I allows to set the thing square to you and I enquirin' friends.' I ' I hope y-'U understand.' said the master I slightly resenting the classification,' that my I reason for inquiring about the pernunency ; I of your daughter's attendance was simply I because it might be necessary to arrange her I studies in a way more suitable to her years" I perhaps even to suggest to you that a young I ladfos' seminary might- be more satis- I factory ' I 4 .Sivftain, sartaiu,' interrupted Mrs. I M'Kinstry hurriedly, but whether from I evasion, of annoying suggestion or weariness I of the topic the master could not determine. I 4 You'd better sprak to Hiram about it. I O'ny,' she hesitated slightly, 4 ez he's gut now I sorter set and pinted towards your school, I and is a trifle worrited with stock and them I Harrisons, ye might tech it" lightlv. He I f 'Ughtor be along er now. I can't think I what keeps him.' Her eye wandered again I with troub ed preoccupation to the corner I where her husband's Sharpe rifle stood. I Suddenly she raised her voice as if forgetful- of Mr. Ford's presence. 4 O Cressy !' I 4 0 maw !' I A lV_ _ The response came irom me inner room, m The next moment Cressy appeared at the door with an odd half -lazy defiance in her I manner, wliich the master could not under- I stand, except upon the hypothesis that she, I had been listening. She had already- H changed her elaborate toilet for a long. I clinging, coarse blue gown, that accented. B the graceful curves of her slight, petticoaflees H figure. Nodding her head towards the. master, she said 4 Howdy r' and turned to her. H mother, who practically ignored thtirpa acquaintance. 4 Cressy,' she said, 4 dads gone and left his Sharpe yer; dye nusd takin' it along to meet him, afore he passes the Boundary corner? Ye might tell him toe teacher's yer, wantin' to see him. I 4 One moment,' said the master, as the young girl carelessly stepped to flie coiner and lifted the weapon. 4 Let me tike it, Its all on my way back to school, and Til meet Mrs. M'Kinstry looked perturbed. Cressy opened her clear eves on I evident surprise. 4 No, Mr. Ford, I M'Kinstrv, with her former maemalniamff, 4 You'd better not mix yourself up these | yer doin's. Ye' ve no call to do l , sa I has ; it8 all in the family. I your line, and themHarnson whelps ffotoyoff School. Fancy (he teacher tato mfP® | betwixt and between 1' ior I 4 It's fitter work for the teaeher ft | one of Ms scholars, and a 7? , . I eaid Mr. Ford pavely. I from the hands or tne luctant girl. 4 It's quite TpKi'nstiy's I promise I shall deliver it into Mr. M | hands and none other.' . 4 Perhaps it woulon t be M I gin' rally noticed ez it vo in I carried it, murmured Mrs. - gt jier sst sohSr— . a I posedly, throwmg the nfleow ( I and turning towards theor. | good afternoon, and try I h sw I the folds of her coarse gown. ili-con- drink afore fj forgot f I cealed tone of rehef . , , ijohn- I maimers. Cressy fetch on ? )$l. I 4 Not for me, thank you, f Ford smiling. rnuce, nai' A I to-day.' , -L. ju« a I Mil. M'ffinstry . in I « Don't you see, " I ceded him looked h's . . oXlderdK Joe jrw"®" I To your seem sue »» thetrftil V I Cressy meditatively. ityoutherautit? fl ' one— I don't know if®" ® <iiTondiia'tteU',mr?' " . <jjidTuu. tj. yt.13 none 01 my bnsi- t\ did n01" Wlv saw the titter inconsistency H gejust 7. pQcction with the reason rffl!js speec- .a coining. But it was he -ecall it, and she was looking at 5 a bright but singular ex- H Jron; TlV, Masters is the conceitedest I told him you could see Ms jjHov gm,' Ford pushed open the gate. As the .J-. iWered he was obliged to hold it foment before passing through. M (Ifair couldn't quite hitch on to your not she reckons you're like everybody Ktoat y»r. That's where die digs ( nrou And everybody else, Ikalki- up pH ) gnpposo she's somewhat anxious Hi kot your father, and I dare say is expect-. MrjJnie to hurry,' returned the master gj'dad's all right,' said Cressy mis- HH jpypaslf. ' You'll come across him. over , ra|' L the clearing. But you're looking mm with that gun. It kinder sets you off. Hi Loaghter wear one.' SB a? smiled slisrhtlv. said 'Gooj-VwrA ' mm ,sa took leave of the girl, but not other eyes, mm vrere still following him. Even when Hfl reached the end of the lane and H (infisd back at the rambling dwelling she B| ij; ctill leaning on the gate with one foot on flower rail and her chin cupped in the BHow of her hand. She made a slight BB fSn;re, not clearly intelligible at that dis- mm sfe1 ) it might hare been a mischievous fiH nation of the way he had thrown the BHrgi over his shoulder, it might have been a flBftftelkiss. mm Ik1 master, however, continued his way in BHiovfrr self -satisfied-mood. Although he did Byt regret having taken the place of Cressy HBtfik purveyor of lethal "weapons between the Hb kHigom lit parties, he knew he was tacitly fflfflcQO'lmg in the feud between people for whom ft- cared liitlo or nothing. It was true that flHk Harrisons sent their children to his school, mBMrj that in the fierce partisanship of the B|ln:suly this simple courtesy was open to mis- HBrEitraction. But he was more uneasily BgB'Bscious that his mission, as far as Mrs. jB?'£insrry was concerned, was a miserable The strange relations of the mother Bad daughter perhaps explained much of the BBh's conduct, hut it offered no hope of future Baelioration. Would the father, ' woritted By stock' and boundary quarrels — a man in BE habit of cutting Gordian nots with a MErie knife— prove more reasonable ? Was gSyg-0 any nearer sympathy between father |BH:1 daughter ? But she had said he would |«H M'Kinstry iu the clearing : she was IU'5? or here he was coming forward in a Beo> ! (to cic continued.) 