Man and Insect. [From tho 'Sunday Magaziuo,' per favour of Judge Docker.] Passixo from generalities to particulars, lot let us briofly glance at sumo of the individual insects which assist us. And, as in the pro ceeding paper, we begin with tho aphis, so let us now begin with tho aphis-destroyers. ' These are somewhat numerous, a fact, which, considering tho oxcessivo abundance of their victims, it is perhaps, scarcely neces sary to mention. But there is nono which at all approaches in value to tho Ladybird. 'This — like tho redbreast amongst birds — has for countless years enjoyed a reputation which is by no moans its due. So far from being a mild and inoffensive creature, in capable of harm, and at enmity with nono of its fellow-beings, itisono of the fiercest mem bers of its race, l-ovcUing in bloi dshed, and living a lifo of incessant persecution and slaughter. From its birth as a grub almost uninterruptedly to its death as a beetle it is ever on the watch for prey, and be its victims ever so numerous, it seldom over seems to know what it is to bo satisfied. And when I men tion the fact that a ladybird grub, which lives as such for some four weeks, destroys aphides almost continuously, at the rate of from fifty to eighty per hour, and that when it bec-nnes a perfect beetlo it again takes up tho work of slaughter, it will readily be seen that its services must be of the utmost importance, and that it 'is nn ally whoso assistance can scarcely be valued too highly. ' Some little idea of its powers may be glcsmctl from tho following particulars : — ' 'In the year 1825 the hop aphis appeared in such overwhelming numbers that tho total duty upon hops paidinto thoTreasnry amounted to no more than £21,817 Os.lld. Tho lady bird came to the rescue, as they always do conic under similar circumstances, and coped so effectually with tho destroyers that in tho fol lowing year scarcely an aphis was to be seen, and tho duty amounted to .ClGl.lOl lGs Id. Thus their labours resulted in an imreaso of nearly half a million in the revenue receipts, to say nothing of the gain to growers, labour ors, and pickers, and consequently to tho com munity at large. \- 'In 18S2 again the loss to growers, caused by tho ravages of aphides was estimated at rather move than two millions and a quarter of money. And again tho ladybirds came, and prevented the mischief from extending into a second season. In JS85, onco more, tho loss was almost equally great, tho ladybird ap pearing too late to save tho crop. So well did they labour when thny came, however, that in 1886 aphis mischief was almost unknown, and tho ' fly' was everywhere conspicuous by its absence until the very end of tho autumn. . 'The advent of the ladybirds in summer was a very singular sight. Living as I do near a patt of tho Kentish coast 1; irdoriug an extensive hop-growing district, I enjoyed ample opportunities of observing the doings of both tho blight and its enemies. By the end of July the majority of tho gardens pre sented a most pitiable appearance, the bines drooping, tho leaves shrivelled and withered, and scarcely a sign of blossom anywhere to be seen. Early in .August the ladybirds came — apparently from the Continent — nud on going down to the shore, I found sand and cliffs covered with tho crawling armies, an endless bank of dead marking tho limit to which tho tide had risen, while tho sea- weed upon many of tho more exposed rodes were literally con cealed from sight by the beetles which clustered upon it. 'Upon the cliffs tho spectacle was almost as striking; '? The air was full of flying ladybirds, and every -flower, every blade of grass almost, had ifa tenants. As one walked along it was impossible to avoid crushing them under foot. They settled upon one's face, hands, nnd clothes almost f astir. than they could bo shakeg off. Tho corn fields, which, liko the hop gardens, were suffering1 terribly from thp^Vre&once; of blight, were redened with the bodies of their tardy visitors, and in one field. -of barley which! specially noted tho scarlet of ihe insects actually predominated over the yellow of the ripening grain. It was a wonderful sight. Ladybirds here, there, and everywhere, in all their be wildering variety of red and yellow and brown and black, of spots and dashes and blotches and markings into which those colours wore broken up. And the swarming hosts of aphides disappeared beforo them as by the stroke of a magician's wand. ' But the ladybirds wero not alone ; they never arc alone at such times. . AVith them came thousands of Hanover flies, whose grubs proved almost equally valuable. And the pretty creatures were everywhere to be . seen poised motionless in mid-air, as though keenly scrutinizing the ground beneath them ; veri table insect kestrels. But their mission .then, was a peaceful one, so for as they themselves were concerned. Their own active work was long since past and over, jmd for the brief rem nant of their existence they wore to enjoy but tho sweets of lifo, the flowers and tho air, and the warm summer sunshine. And then, as. their last task of all, they would lay their eggs and die / and soon would hatch out the little grubs to begin afresh the war which their parents had waged before them. 'AVith every aphis visitation too, mines (he Lacewing Fly ; but this is a most retiring in sect, and seldom shows itself except a t dusk, Then one may see again aud again a shadowy form, like an animate snow-flnko, or tho ghost of a small white moth, flittering leisurely along through the gathering davkuess, or resting upon the glass of a street lamp, m rapt con templation of tho mysterious flamo within. . And this again, harmless enough now, is tho mature form of one of the most savage and- insatiable foes which tho aphis has to dread. ' I do not know a more exquisite insect than the hico wing fly. Not for its brightness of colouring, for of that it has none; its only hue is palest opal green, deepening into a rather more pronounced tint upon the body. Not for itsclegance of form, for although slender and graceful almost to fragility, its wings seem out of all proportion to tho rest nf the frame, aud are really almost too largo for their owner to control. But, apart from the delicate tracery of those organs, which look liko a piece of fairy lacework, too unsubstantial by far for a mere creature of this wrld, apart from the iridces centhues which play over them at every move ment and change of light, tho glorious rad iance of the eyes is beyond the power of words to describe. No insect has eyes like the lace wing ; to liken them to fiery jewels is to speak but feebly in their praise. They do not merely burn, but blaze with coloured light, lilio a glowing coal when the blast of the bellows urges it into fiercer and more vivid life. They are like fairy lanterns, flashing out of the gloom ; aud one cannot but regret that their beauty so soou must die, their wondrous brilliance fade away for ever. These three, tho ladybird, the hoverei' and tho lucowing, ai-e tho principal foes of the aphis ; but their task is shared by many assis tants, of whi-.-h wo may, next month, select the Ichneumon Flies for special mention. (To he- continual.; 