FOGS AND FANCIES. A good story is told by one of our lead ing novelists of a Frenchman who came across to England, moved thereto by an ambition to engage in 'le sport.' In London he found everything night, and waB much impressed with the vigour of a population which worked without ceas ing for twenty-four hours, At last, after he had excited suspicion of his sanity by ordering supper instead of breakfast and dinner instead of luncheon at hia hotel, he found that it waa the prevalence of fogs which had turned day into night, and so he went back disappointed to a country where the ordinary laws of nature are duly ob served by the skies. If Mr. Payn's Frenchman had visaed Birmingham last week he would have lad good reason for bis Ignorance. 'For five -days,' telegraphs our correspondent, ' the town and the surrounding country have been enveloped in a thick fog, which has com pletely shut out the light of day.' This reminds one of the Egyptian darkness which might be felt. No business can be done, traffio is practically suspended, and accidents occur on all Bides. Those accustomed to the clear Australian sky can hardly appreciate the night-like gloom which a real London fog makes, and even those who have groped their way through the darkuess of a November fog in' the metropolis of the world would be overcome by such an extraordinary phenomenon as a night which lasts for nearly a week. It is hardly to be wondered at that superstitious people In the Midland Counties are terror-stricken. Men who are given to finding sermons in stones will naturally read Athanasian Creeds or Commination Services in long- oontinued fogs. It is always the case that pheno mena, however susceptible of scientific explanation, are regarded In the light of supernatural visitations by people whose knowledge is not equal to their imagina tive powers, and who are therefore pre disposed to attach faith to the idle prophecies of unimformed soothsayers. Chaucer's carpenter, who was bidden by the 'hendy clerk' Nicholas to prepare for the coming end of the world, did not hesitate to build for himself a tub In which to ride on the face of the floods ; and even in this nineteenth century men and women are ready to believe in Mother Shipton. Whatever is unknown is to them significant of coming evil, and the prophet does not fully know his business who b unable to impose on the credulity of the Buperstitious. But, indeed, in thla case men may be excused for feeling more than ordinary alarm. The hush of a great city where traffic Is suspended and no business done is In itself warranted to inspire a great fear, and where it is known that the darkness spreads also over the surrounding country this feeling must be increased. Id a book entitled 'The Beleagured City,' lately reviewed in these columuB, a thrilling, account is given of a darkness that could be felt, caused by multitudes from the spirit world who drove the mortal inhabi tants out and occupied their seats. la proBaic Birmingham there can be but Brummagem ghosts, and it is only reasonable to predicate further that the darkness which envelops them fulfils a prophecy which has not the true ring about it. For Birmingham, though it la a big plac9, Is not the world ; and it savours of English exoluslveness to say that to a part of it alone has come the warning that the end of the world is near. We in the antipodes are as much Interested in this event, in proportion to population, as Europeans are ; and there is no evident reason why they should be warned of its advent whilst we, who have no Mother Shipton, and whose astronomical and meteoro logical prognostications are somewhat defective, should be left in is-norance, And, after all, this five days' fog is not bo very much out of the common when we compare it .with similar events In former years. From November, 1879J 'to February1, 1880, there was continued fogginesV ia London/ People then,' as now, raked up old prophecies, which proved beyond a doubt that the world was to diappear Immediately. Yet we have been livirig ever since in open defiance of these prophecies, and not even the fast that; the fog was densest on Christmas Day of 1879 could shame the world into chaos. Again, in December of 1881 and January of 1882 thick fogs pre vailed. Once more old prophecies' were trotted out, and once more the world refused to obey them. And these fogs, be it remembered, were attended with fatal consequences, which hitherto, bo far as is known, have not occurred in Birmingham. A far moro serious thing, if rightly con sidered, Is the fog which prevailed a few days ago over the greater part of the United Kingdom, Germany, France, and Denmark. This might have given rise to many, serious casualties at sea with great lots of life, bat fortunately such * refsult, so far as we are aware, has not happened. There is much moro canse to be thankful for this immunity than to He C fearful on account of the present darkness; But humane ;i1jA*-iJ..».^-**.vi..*A-j iHjijknz.utiAivsttfi- ? nature is curiously constitatecL ruBlead oT ftcka6wledging.with thaukfni ne8*,good fortune which has befaUeQ:Usi we: are the rather prone to proba the mysteries of the future, and to be alarmed because some uninspired seer has said 1883 will see the end of the world, and that this event will be foretold by a fog in Birmingham and its neighbour hood. When the fog has cleared up alarmists will go comfortably back to their work, not, let U3 hope, without a feeliog that they have been disquieted in vain. If they add to this feeling a determina tion not to resemble the notorious personage who, when he was sick, promised to be a saint, and when he got better forgot his promise, the Brum magem scare of 1888 will not have baen in vain. _^__^___^_____ The Teade of Poet Augusta. — In Mr. C. E. Stokes Port Augusta as a trade centre has a most painstaking and per severing chronicler. Year after year for several years past that gentleman has published in the local paper elaborate returns setting forth what Port Augusta is doing to maintain her reputation as one of the most commercially important of the South Australian outporta. The record of late has been rather a dismal one, the Tow price of copper and the falling off in the production of wheat, and in some measure of wool, having had a most unfavourable effect upon the figures. Happily 1887 has witnessed some slight revival in trade activity, the effect of which is seen in the tables which Mr. Stokes has issued during the last day or two. The tonnage of the shipping, out ward and inward, has not much advanced; but it is to be noticed first that in previous years the tonnage was far in excess of requirements, and that in 1887 it fell below requirements, some 4,000 bales of wool available for shipment being left in store at the close of the year, owing to the want of provision for sending it away. The total tonnage of the 423 vessels, extracolonial and coasting, which visited Port Augusta during the twelve months was 120,392 tons, as against 174,854 in 1885. The quantity of wheat and flour aeDt away is dflued at £135,446, as against £41,328 n*483G, and more than £400.000 in 18S5. In wool there has been a substantial advance, the number . of bales having increased from 11,265 in 1881 to 20,303 in the fol lowing year. Thelatter total is less than for either of the three years preceding 1886, but it la something to have re3umed the ascending grade. It is certain that the export of bread3tuffa in 1888 will be exceptionally high, and the prospect in the matter of pastoral produce is also highly encouraging. It is very unsatis factory to find that a serious de crease has taken place in the trade la minerals. In 1886 the quantity of this class of exports Bent away was 240 tons, while last year it dwindled down to 120 tona. There is good reason to hops that the current year's returns will show a marked advance upon so insignificant a total. Attention is very properly called by Mr. Stoke3 to the brighter prospects for the North in the matter of copper, silver, tin, and rabies. If only one-half of the results anticipated from the revival of mining are realized the value of this descriptiDn of export will be found to have increased by leaps and bounds. Unfortunately the overland trade with Queensland and New South Wales has once more dimln'.ihed, the total value being set down at £6,260, against £7,998 in the previous year, £17,825 In 1885, and £10,852 «n 1884. It is not easy to account for this heavy falliog off. The districts of New South Wales and Queensland which are depeu dentmainly[upon this colony forsupplies,are being more and more fully occupied, and no atone should be left unturned to keep as nearly as may be a monopoly of the trade. It is not necessary to follow Mr. Suikes through the elaborate tables he supplies, but it will be interesting to give a little information as to the export of pastoral, agricultural, and mining produce during the last six years. Beginning with the pastoral we find that it has fluctuated considerably, the highest aggregate being £458,925 for 1884 and the lowest £291,754 for 1887. The value of agricultural produce began with £86,715. Year by year until 1885 that total increased until it reached £448,128; then it fell suddenly to £71,288, and last year advanced again to £181,948. In the case of minerals the returns have gone from bad to worse. In 1882 £54,119 worth was sent away ; last year the total had fallen to £7,760, obvi oraly a beggarly return from the port of a district believed to be one of the richest mining districts in Australasia. Mr. Stokes is sanguine that things will greatly improve during this year, and every South Australian must wish sincerely that his forecast will prove correct. ^^_^^^^^^^^ The P. & O. Mail.— The P. & 0\. R.M.S. Britannia, one of the latest additions to the P. & O. fleet, arrived at Glenelg from Mel bonrne at 5 o'clock on Saturday morning. In the afternoon a large number of gaests were entertained on board by Commander Tomlin. She took nearly 403 tons of cargo on board, and sailed at 7.15 on Saturday evening. GaOUSDHJG OF THK BaBQUK EDINBURGH Castle. — On Sunday evening we received the following message which had been sen to the Superintendent of Telegraphs : — ' Warrnan»bool, January 15.— The barque Edinburgh Castle went ashore at Hopkins Mouth at 10.30 this morning. The water is smooth, but the vessel's position is critical aa there are reefs in the neighbourhood. Metisterui. Visit to thb Nobthkrs Territory.— This afternoon the Hon. J. C F. Johnson (Minister of Education) will leave Adelaide for the purpose of paying an official vUit to the Northern Territory. He will proceed to Melbourne and Sydney first, and at the latter city will take part In the Postal Conference before resuming the Northern journey. Upon the termination of the Con ference he will continue the trip overland to Brisbane, and thence by water to Port Darwin. Mr. Johnson, who will be accom panied by Mr. H. C. Evans (his {private secretary during tho tour), expects (to be absent from Adelaide about three months, during which period the Treasurer will ad minister the afiaira of the department. Thb B.M.S. Brttatoia.— A thoroughly representative gathering, consisting of abou a thousand leading colonists and their famffiea, accepted the invitation of the agents of the P. & O. Company and Captain Tomlin to visit the B.M.S. Britannia at the anchorage in Holdfast Bay on Saturday afternoon on the occasion of her first homeward trip from Glenelg. With the invitations tickets (for a special train and special launches were pro vided, and, although the day was most oppressively hot, the visitors greatly enjoyed themselves in. inspecting the magnificently appointed vessel. Thi Gawleb Police Esqaxax. — The members of the Ministry who are conducting the enquiry into the charges made against Sergeant Leahy examined several police officers on Saturday morning. Amongst those who were called on to give evidence were Inspector Sullivan, Detective Bvchell, and P.C, Farquahar. The enquiry is not yet concluded. The Jubujeb Exhibitioh.— Last week— the first after the closing of the Exhibition— marked a vast change in the appearance of the Jubilee Show. Wagon after wagon laden with exhlbita left the buildinga daily, either for the railway truck or the steamer. From the eastern and western annexes, and the main building, most of the clearances were made. Some parts of the Exhibition have not as yet been interferred with, but this week will witness great altera tions in all the buildings. The New South -Wales representatives have been perhaps the foremost in getting rid of their exhibits, bat they harried on account of the Centennial celebration* in Sydney. Almost,' if not everything, asked for in the W&y; of court-decoration* aocfcffixhtbta by the Comnuaripn and others in. Sydney, h&ve.beea; forwarded, the Executive Commissioner (Mr. Neild) estimating that about £15,000 worth of goods have been dispatched. The South Aui tralian exhibition have been exceedingly busy in removing their exhibits, and so. have the Victorian and British exhibitors. Mr.H. B. Hardt's British Court in the western annexe ts almoat a. thing of the past. lathe fcass ment of the main, building as well exhibits have been removed wholesale. Auction sales were held on three or four days last week, but from all accounts the results were not satisfactory. Visitors were few in number during the week, exhibitor, workman, CuatomH, police, and officials principally Being the attendants. Work will go on as usual this week, the Exhibition being open daily from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Thb South Australian Miluia Baud.— This band leaves for Sydney by this after noon's express. There are twenty-five members, under Lieutenant Squariae, who intend competing in the Bud contest to be held in Sydney on the 26th of this month. They have the good' wishes of South Aus tralians. The band has been practising hard for the last few weeks without pay. The men will parade at 1 p.m. at the Staff Office, and will inarch off by way of North' terrace, Pulteney, Bundle, and King William streets to the station. . . Govebhmbkt Eajtd €aies.— On Tuesday several waste lands in the Hundred of Mobilong will be submitted, and no further Bale will be held during the week. Death of Mr. S. Moecom, Jun.— The news of the death of Mr. S. Morcom, Jan., will be received with feelings of deep regret by the many friends and acquaintances of the deceased gentleman in this colony. Oq the 7th inet. he was knocked down and run over in Bundle-street By a trolly. For eight days he was under medical care in the Hospital, and during that time every hope was held out that his recovery was but a matter of time. On Sunday afternoon, however, the end came suddenly. Mr. Morcom was for many years engaged as a compositor in this office. He was afterwards employed at the Government Printing Office, and was away on leave at the time of the accident. It was as a cricketer that the ever-genial 'Sam Morcom' came before the public, and in that capacity he for years held a foremoBt place as a leading member of the Norwood Club. At a time when batting had not reached ita present quality in this colony Mr. Morcom was known as the 'brilliant' bat of the then premier team. On two or three occasions he represented the colony in inter national matches, and for many seasons he did yeoman service for the club of which he waa bo proud. Latterly he was unable to play owing to weak sight. The Coroner will hold an inquest on the body this morning. The deceased gentleman leaves a widow, but no family. Becovket o* Stolen Property in a Pa wb shop. — Recently several barefaced robberies have been committed In the city, hotels being principally he places visited. In one instance the victitn was Miss McEnhill, the landlady of the Castle Inn, in Hindley-street, who on September 10 last year had three chairs and a picture stolen from her parlour. Only a few days prior to thiB Borne one got into an up3taira room in the hotel, and after breaking open her boxes took £50 and then made off. Although all posaible enquiries were made for the recovery of the property they were of no avail, and no trace could be found of it. On December 17 the house of Mrs. Alice McCabe, in North Adelaide, was broken into, and a cedar case containing a Bet of rather valuable knives and forks was stolen, together with Eome papers, photos, and about 15a. in money. Again the detectives were unable to obtain a clue as to the robbery. Mr. John Coxell, of the Family Hotel, in Carrie-street, was also visited by burglars, and on December 29 from his dining-room two cruet-stands were stolen during the evening after tea and before 9 o'clock. Just previous to this Mr. Coxell also had two chairs and a picture taken from his parlour. In this case alko the enquiries made by the detectives were baffled. However, from information obtained by Detectives Hampton and Thorns, they during the week obtained a warrant to search the house of Louis Bloom, pawn broker, of Hindley-street. This warrant was executed, and the detectives found the two cruets, two chairs, and pictures stolen from Mr. CoxiU'B hotel, and also two chairs and a picture taken from MIbs McEnhill, and the cedar box, together with the knives and forks abstracted from Mrs. McCabe'a house in North Adelaide, Whilst the detectives were at work trying to discover the thieves re peated enquiries were made of Bloom for a poition of the things, but their exiatenco were always denied. A peculiar feature in connection with the finding of the articles was that they were not in the shop, but in the private part of the house. The cruets were on the dresser, whilst the pictures were hanging on the walls. Bloom accounted for all the things by saving that they were brought to him by John Andrews, an old offender, who waa armted, and will appear before Mr. Bsd dome this morning. Valedictory Social.— On Friday evening a number of gentlemen met by invitation at the Prince Alfred Hotel to pay a compliment to Mr. H. C. Evans, leader of the Advertiser reporting staff, who leaves to-day for the Northern Territory in the capacity of private secretary to the Minister of Education [(Son. J. C F. Johnson). About twenty-five of Mr. Evans's friends were present, and the toast of the health of the guest was pro posed and heartily received. Mr. Evans acknowledged the compliment suitably, after which the company indulged in amuse menta of a varied character. Militia Obdebs.— Artillery— Driver W. Todd, Gunner E. J. Halbert, and Driver J. J. Forester are Btruck off the strength of A Battery for absence without leave. Infantry. —Officers for ensuing week— Field Officer, Major Harrold, A.R.; 2nd Battalion, Captain Solomon and Lieutenant Kellicoat. Death at thk Hospital.— Oa Thursday a man named Michael Beer fell from a hay loft and sustained injuries which necessitated his removal to the Hospital. He waa taken to that institution by another man named Davies, and on Sunday Beer died. Informa tion was sent to the police, and the Coroner will hold an inquest at the Tavestosk Hotel this afternoon. Discovery or Ancient Sculptures.— A correspondent writes from Eome to the Frankfurter ZtUung:—uTba works in con nection with the new cloaca in the Vio del Colosseo have just brought to light two lapse fragments of an ancient marble frieze, which must have belonged to some temple or similar public building. They are about LOS metre high (about 41 inches). One piece, about L24 metre (neaily 49 inches long by 7 inches thick); represents a winged Diana. Laurel is on the ground; the face and part of the left foot are wanting. The goddess is in hunting attire, wearing a short chiton andchlamys. The figure resembles greatly, especially in its elastic pose, the well-known Diana at Ver sailles. She holds the bent bow with her left hand, and is in the act of drawing with the right an arrow from the quiver that hangs on her shoulders. She has half buskins on her feet' and a bracelet on the upper arm. The body is inclined towards the right, while it would seem that the head was turned towards the left ; her unbound hair floats on the wind. Close by there Is another female figure wrapped in a mantle, in a calm reflecting attitude, with the right hand resting on the hip, A piece of the face is wanting here also. She wears a Spartan tunic gathered at the bosom and confined by a girdle. The wide mantle falls loosely from her shoulders ; some folds are gathered over the left arm. The right arm is ornamented with a Bracelet, and the feet are «nflg.iW!. Separated from this figure by a tree, Beamingly an oak, there is a male figure, of which only the right aide is preserved, his hand grasping a Kammer, at his feet an anvil .and smith's tongs. It may represent Vulcan. The other fragment is not nearly so well preserved. To the right we Bee a portion of a, female figure. She is inclined from right to left, and seems full of life and motion.,. The- right hand,. raised and- ex- tended, holds horizontally a torch, She wears a dboble^chiton. and chlamys, nloVn by. the.windirito many folds. Bsaide Ib another fenialafigure, also very animated, the face of which is tolerably .well preserved. It has an air 6f savage haughtiness ; the hair is greatly tdsEed. The feet are encased in high laced buskins; little wings are attached at the heels, and ako at the temples. The right hand holds a torch ; the lef 6 seems to squeeze a bundle of snakes. Plainly this one— per- haps also the companion figure— represents a Fury. Roman archaeologists incline to the opinion that the whole frieze represented the Battle of the Giants.' The Sculling Championship.— Some Americans have not a very good opinion of Beach, judging from the following extract from the San .Francisco News latter of December ,3:— 'The' rowing' career of Edward Hanlan i is over. His! defeat by Beach 'effectually, retires him from the ranks of the leading oarsmen,, and at the same time places the Australian champion 'securely in the position of champion of the world. Beach, it is said, does not. propose to imperil his reputation, and will refuse to row any more races. There are two men in America who can vanquish him. When Hanlan de parted for the colonies we Baid that he was not the representative oarsman of America, and predicted his defeat. At the same time we expressed the opinion that either John Teemer or Jacob Gaudaur could bring the championship back to this country.- Nothing has occurred to alter this opinion. Teemer is a remarkable sculler, and he has beaten the Canadian ex-champion, and can do so again. Teemer -was once con sidered a square man, but bis reputation his been torn to rags. No one can depend on him. Jacob Gaudaur plainly allowed HVilan to defeat him, that the ex-champion might go to Australia with whatever prestige' the name of being champion would give him. Hanlan is one of the straightest sporting men alive, and there can be no question that the race was gennine. The people of Australia snubbed him, and Beach, if he is the cham pion of the world, cannot make any claims to being a gentleman. He was a ruffian in hia dealings with Hanlan in England, and he again acted the boor in the colonies. The defeated man should receive a warm wel come.' Verdi. — The Daily News publishes an interesting account of a visit recently paid to Verdi by Giuseppe Giacosa:— 'I asked Madame Verdi,' he says, 'whether the maestro was thinking of any new work.' The good and distinguished lady, who is really the guardian angel of her husband, replied, ' For mercy's sake let him rest ; don't you think he has worked enough?' I remember that at Milan, on the evening of 'Otello,' while the crowd applauded b^low his window, he said to me, fixing his deep and Ehining eyeB on my face, 'If I were 40 years younger I would begin to work again to-morrow.' I am convinced that under the stimulus of some new idea he would actually grow younger by 40 yeara. The warm passion, the masculine anguish that palpitates in every note of 'Otello' proves it. A really old man does not love and Buffer so. This immense dramatic force cannot Be only the fruit of knowledge. To pray like Desdemona, to weep and despair and go mad like Othello, the fire of the com poser's soul must be covered with very few ashes, and ready to burst into fl'une. Two days after the first performance of ' Otello' I dined with the maestro and his wife. Of course we spoke of tho opera and the great fatigue it must have caused. All at once the maestro, who, while we were talking, had gradually become thoughtful, exclaimed, 'How sad it is to have finished it. How solitary! feel. Till now, as soon as I woke I took np all the love, the rage, the jealousy, the deceit of my personages. I Baid to myself, 'To-day I must write that scene,' and if it did not come to my mind I armed myself for a struggle, certain of victory; and then, when my task was finished, there remained tho rehearsals, the doubts, the study to clearly explain my thoughts to the actors, to make them act in my way, the Bcenic inventions which the representative reality suggested to me, and I returned home still agitated by the Bplendid theatrical life, glad when my intentions were realized-, meditating on what I proposed to arrive at on the morrow, so that I felt no fatigue, and was not conscious of my age. But now ! now that * Otello' belongs to the public it ceases to be mine, it separates itself from me entirely, and the place it held within me was so large that I feel an enormous vacancy, and think that I can never again fill it up.' Dabing Escape of a Convict.— A convict named Keogh (records an English exchange) made his escape from Portland on December 5 in a very daring manner. Immediately after the convicts had arrived at the scene of then* labours in the quarrieB, and as they were in the act of taking out their tools, Keogh managed unobserved to secure the warder's oilskin coat. This he put on, and then threw himself into the ditch, which is 50 feet deep, and ran in the direction of the breakwater, divesting.himself of the various portions of the prison garb as he ran. He hid secured a good start before he was missed from the party. The officer in charge saw him running and blew his whistle, the signal being taken up by the numerous warders on duty. The black flag was then hoisted on the Bignal tower, and a gun was fired to indicate that a prisoner had escaped, but although Keogh was with little delay hotly pursued he was lost sight of. Keogh wsa a well-known desperate character, and was serving his Becond long term of penal servitude for felony. When confined at Wormwood Scrubs PriBon he waa branded for having made a desperate assault with a leg of a stool on a warder. Upon more than one occasion he has been flogged, and he still Bears upon hia back the marks of the lash. He planned his escape with great care and deliberation, and the officials have ascertained that he made himself a pair of trousers oat of his blanket, and donned the garment under the prison uniform before starting to his work in the morning.. He remained at large until the afternoon of the next day, wh-m he was discovered in the Harbourmaster's office, dressed in sailor's clothes, and with over £4 in his possession. PBOTEcnoN and its Effects.— To lay a tax upon foreign goods as our porta Is (argues the Manchester Sxaminer) tantamount to giving our home manufacturers power to oharge us more, and by diminishing the amount of im ports to diminish abo the amount of exports. The fatal point where bo many stumble, the ports asinorumot the free-trade question, lies in the fact that year by year we import a great deal more than we export How can we continue to do this without growing con tinually poorer? That is the question. How is the excess of imports over exports paid for! It cannot be paid by the export of cash, of bullion, and specie, for year by year there is of that also more imported than exported. That excess represents two things. - First, it is the payment to us for cost of freight, dnce the carrying trade of the world has passed bo largely into our hands. Second, it represents over and above that the actual profit that accrues to us from the transactions of commerce. But, it is 'objected, this free importation from foreign countries throws so many of our own labourers out of employ. So it does, But where is the remedy? If we were to have recourse to protection those particular men might find employment, bat an equal, nay, a larger, number of men would speedily be without employment in another direction. For protection neces sarily diminishes the volume of trade. The cost of living would so far increase that every industry would suffer except -the farming industry. And a most grievous influence would be exerted upon the political and social condition of the nation. We are beginning to see that German Social Democracy, Russian Nihilism, and French Anarchism are in no small degree the children of Protection. Protection robs the poor, and the poor seek in return to rob the rich. Where it is- to the interest of ten persons to sell dearly, it is to the interest of a hundred thousand persons to buy cheaply. By pro tecting the manufacturer'fl profits, a draught is made on the consumer's purse, and the consumer is everybody. A Bbmarkablb Woman.— The death of Madame Bouckaut (says on exchange), who, with, her husband, Aristide Boucicault, founded the world -famous -('''fa^jphir1?'^ known as the 'Paris Bon Marche,' took place 'on December's at Cannes, where she had only just arrived. . Frequenters of the ' Bon Jtfarche'' were apprised of the sad f aot by seeing preparations made for c!oaing,the vast establishment. Madame Boucicault was foundress of the pre&fc; emporium in the aristocratic Faubourg Saint-Germain, which has been described over and over again. Zola studied it as he did the Louvre for his 'BonheurdeaDames.'1 It em ployed thousands ofhandB, and the philanthropic character of its foundress was marked by the admirable arrangements made for the comfort and the welfare of the numerous employe's of all grades. Only last year Madame Boucicault endowed the pension fund of the establish ment with 4,000,000f., or £160,000, of her own money. The prosperity of the establishment which Madame Boacicault directed is a striking example of rapid rises to wealth and of speedy fortunes made in business. She came from Verjax, on the Saoae. where she was a laundress, and only lately' she volunteered to give £20,000 to the municipal authorities of her' modest village to enable them to Build a Bridge over the Sa&ne.; Her liberality was as wonderful as her basinets talent, and her death irTL Be regretted by many outside as well aa By all insiie the 'Bon Marched' Thb Teaching of Drawing ts Sooth Australia.— Mr. J. P. Peppercorn writing in Wednesday's Argus on this subject says :— 'Primary drawing has Been associated with the Victorian schools for more than thirty three years— witness our old annual exhibi tions under the late national and denomina tional boards. During all this period our visiting teachers have been operating more or less effectively upon the youth of the colony, their labours in numerous instances resulting in most excellent fruit (the enthusiastic and successful efforts of that indefatigable and able late senior, teacher and pioneer, Mr. E. M. 8hew, ought not to be overlooked in this connection), as many members of Mr. Folingsby'a classes, besides many now occupying positions as ordinary teachers, and a great number of parents can testify. In fact, this primary iostrus tion has formed all along the chief basis upon which any success has been attained in the one evening a week schools of design; prizetakers in these sohools being such as had received their tuition in drawing in the ? common schools almost without exception, a reality to which every visiting master in metropolitan and suburban districts can folly witness. After a hard fight we succeeded in securing a position for drawing on the regular school course, the valuable accession to the department of the late .moat excellent Mr. Gladman Being a great factor in the at tainment of that desideratum, and the train ing of the ordinary teachersbothin singing and drawing was commenced, and for more than ten years has been in operation, the numbers who have passed being represented by hundreds; and all this time— the former period when we had visiting masters only, and the more recent, daring which we have been training the regular teachers— Adelaide has been entirely without any drawing instruction in her elementary schools. One does not like comparisons, for are we not Brethren and all part of one great nation, ? Australia V But in this instance it has Been forced upon ub, and one may say that the position of fine art in bouth Australia, whether the Public Library, the School of Art, or the School of Design Be regarded, is so infantile and diminutive as compared with 'Melbourne that, when strictures are passed in which so much superiority is claimed for Adelaide, it strongly reminds us of the young married man with one chick, and that in long clothes, who, visiting hia grandfather for the first time, pronounced that gentleman a corrupt and an unmitigated old humbug, and predicted that his baby, when grown a little bigger, would soon Be able to * wallop' the old man.' 1 The Anglican Communion.— The follow ing circular of invitation has just been Bent by the Archbishop of Canterbury to all Bishops of the Anglican Communion through out the world, about 210 in number :— ' Eight Reverend and Dear Brother.— I am now able to send you definite information with regard to the Conference of Bishops of the Anglican Communion to be held at Lambeth, if God permit, in the summer of next year. In accordance with the precedent of 1878, it has Been arranged that the Conference shall assemBle on Tuesday, July 3, 1888. After four days' session there will be an ad journment, in order that the various committees appointed By the Conference may have opportunity of deliberation. The Conference will reassemble on Monday, July 23, or Tuesday, July 24, and will conclude its session on Friday, July 27. Information aa to the services to bo held in connection with the Conference and other particulars will Be made public as the time drawB near. I have received valuable sug gestions from my Episcopal brethren in all parts of the world as to the subject upon which it is thought desirable that we shoold deliberate. These suggestions have been carefully weighed by myself and by the Bishops who have been good enough to co operate with me in making the preliminary arrangements, and the following are the subjects definitely selected for discus sion : — 1. The Church's practical work in relation to (a) intemperance, (6) purity, (c) care of emigrants, (d) Socialism. 2\. Definite teaching of the faith to various classes, and the means thereto. 3. The Anglican Communion in relation to the EaBtern Churches, to tha Scandinavian and other Reformed Churches, to the old Catho lics, and others. 4. Polygamy of heathen converts, divorce. 5. Authoritative stan dards of doctrine and worship. 6. Mutual relations of Dioceses and Branches of the Anglican Communion. May I venture again to invite your earnest prayer that the Divine Head of the Church may Be pleased to pros per with His blessing this our endeavour to promote Hia glory and the advancement of His Kingdom upon earth.' MujtabyDogs. — The canina service which had been introduced by way of experiment in the manoeuvres of the Ninth French Army Corns proves to have exceeded the most sanguine expectations entertained of its utility (sayB an exchange). Daring the separate operations of the 32nd lone Eegi ment the animals were placed under the control of Lieutenant Jupin, with a party of four privates, and after three days' training they were fit for service. Upon vedette duty, and in company with single sentries, it was found that the keen scent and watch fulness of the 'dachhunda' and poodles, which had Been selected haphazard for the trial, enabled them to give notice by growl or importunity to their human companions of any movement or the approach of strangers within S00 yards of their posts at night time. Sentinels were reassured by the society of the dog, and the pickets could repose in all con fidence alter the fatigues of the day. The communications between the main guard, or headquarters, and the posts were in the meanwhile efficiently maintained, and not a single despatch or report entrusted to the animals for conveyance in the leathern wallet at their necks .was either miscarried or delayed in transmission. The carriage of papers especially was performed with more celerity and greater dispatch than by hone men, and one quality of the four-footed orderlies, not unimportant in its way, was the instinct that naturally guided them in the search and discovery of potable water when the troops, as it frequently occurred, were athiret and needed the refreshment. A| Spbing of Acid Waxes.— ABoat 15 miles south of Meridian, Miss., there is a spring near the foot of a bill. The water is almo3t as tour as lemon-juice. With the addition of sugar it makes first-class lemonade, with a slight taste of iron. The Bpring was recently discovered, and it is not supposed to possess any value except as a curiosity. Faster* Suburban Band.— A concert win Be given in the Town Hall this evening to aid in defraying the expense of the Band proceed ing to Sydney to compete in the Centennial Band Contest. A popular programme has been arranged. Loyal Hope Lodge, No. 2, LO.O.F., M.U. —The adjourned finance meeting will take place this evening in the M.U. Hall. Addbess to Mb. Cohen, M.P.— A meeting ot electors of North Adelaide is called for this evening in the local Institute, where an address will be presented to Mr. Cohen, M.P. ing u announced for this evening. * 