MAGAZINES AND MANNERS. TO THE EDITOB. SIB,—In conjunction with many others have enjoyed the pleasure of freuqent visits to tbe comfortably furnished reading-room at tbe Institute, which the committee have so munificently provided gratis for the entertainment of the public ; and whilst enjoying the pleasure of reading the well selected numbers of papers and periodicals, have come to tbe conclu sion that the committee of management are certainly the right men in tbe right place. Tbis being tbe case, it seems a pity that the courtesy, which is evidently the study of the committee to preserve in connection with tbe institution in question, should be in any way marred by the action of their pubordinate officers I refer to the method in which the reading-room is closed in the even ing; at 9 p.m. sharp — and occa sionally a few moments before — an individual whom I often observe hang ing about the premises, and who presume is the caretaker, makes a dart into the reading-room and without a word of warning extinguishes the lights ; and vieitors are left to grope their way out of the room and into tbe street, as best tbey may. If it were the bar of a bush shanty and the visitors had exhausted their cheques, one would not be so much surprised, but in tbe instance of an institution established presumably for the purpose of cultivating the mind, and at the same time tbe manners of the community at large, the conduet of the " little ex tinguieher" iB scarcely " according Cocker."—I am, &c.;, " LORD CHESTERFIELD'S GHOST." THE BISHOP OF POET AUGUSTA.—Th Right Rev. Dr. O'Rcily, Bishop of Port Augusta, who for some weeks past ha been engaged in an epis opal tour of his diocese, returned to Port Augusta this week, and at yesterday and to-day (All Saints Day and All Souls Day respec tively) celebrated early morning mass at the Cathedral. WEATHER.—There can be no doubt whatever now that eummer is upon us The almanac says otherwise, certainly but tbe almanac is flatly contradicted by the thermometer, and there is any amount of substantiating evidence available in the form of perspiration and tbirstiness. To day at 2 p.m., Fahrenheit stood at 99 8 in the shade at the Post Office meteorological etat tion.Bnd it was probably a goo J deal over 100 under some Coino.ercial road verandahs However, it is cheering to note that tbe barometer, which ordinarily Btands at about 30*30, is going down, has sunk quarter inch since 9 a.m., and now BtandB at 29.75. W« ought to have some ruin after this. Th6 water prsssure this afternoon was not so very bad, cpngidering- 641b. to the squaue inch, instead of LOOib Better petition Government to start the dredger again, to frighten sharks out of the htfhor iu the interests of bathers. 