WYTHRED'S WHARF : THAMES-SIDE TALE. ? four chapters. CHAPTER I. mystery. Between Thames Street and the river Thames, upon a spot on which the castle of an English monarch'once stood, there stands a lofty ware house ; so lofty, that ev,en at mid-day it throws some shadow upon the broad wharf below.\vhcre steamboats and lighters and other craft art closely moored. It is a busy scene ; for. upon, that 1 silent highway,'where formerly tltt gilded barges of royalty glided to and fro \Vith icargoes of dailies and courtiers, black barges' now pass in slow procession, led by asthmatic tugs of the mojt democratic appearance. . Here laughter seldom greets the ? a r; the hoarse shouts are beard of. Uargee3 aud lightermen, and the constant trundling of iron : trucks loaded with boxes, sacks, or bales ; but above all other noise sounds the rattling chainwork of huge cranes whea the goods are lifted into ' the air and swallowed up at some wide aperture upon one of the numerous floors of the warehouse—a warc iiouso which would seem to boast of unlimited accommodation; for the unloading" from the lighters and the lifting of merchandise into ono storeroom or another goes on day after day from dawn until dusk. Upon the first floor of this vfarehouse, looking c»ut upon the river, is Mi\ Lintock's ollice. Mr. Lintock is the proprietor. Wy tlircd's wharf and •warehouse have. t\\\e family for genera tions. Feuv richer men are to be found than 3ohn Lintock in the city of London ; and yet, as ho sat late one afternoon at his desk, this princely wharf-owner had a discontented^ troubled look. His forehead was deeply wrinkled, and the expression in his eyes Was that of a man who was constantly haunted by some distressful thought. A knock at his office door, for no obvious reason^ stftYtled him. It ■was growing dusky on the vivor, and the men were beginning to disjparse for the night. It was duskier still ?n title wharf-owner's room. ■ Who's that f' Mr. Lintock, half- rising from Lis chair, (shaded his eyes with his hand.— 'Ducket* Ali, that's right.—Well, Ducket,' said lis, when the man had closed the door, ' what is it?' .,t " ■ ■ ' Looking round the sombre room, Ducket said: ' Shall I light your lamp, sir ?' ' No, Ducket. I shall not- need it to-night. I am going home.—Have you anything to say?' Ducket was Mr. Lintock's foreman. He was a broad-shouldered man, with large limbs and a great honest face. His figure was angular—a, gaunt form, aggravated in its stoop by constantly bending to lift heavy weights. He had the keen, searching oyes of one long accustomed to the supervision of a hive of Workmen. ' You wished mo to tell you, sir, when I saw: Clogstoun again. , ' Well f said Mr, Lintock,. noticing some hesitation. u 'I have Seen him.' ' . • 1 About the wharf.1': ■■' [n . ; T f ' No ; he has given up Coming here. Ho took tbe hint I gave .him last time, and has kept away; though I never thought that lie/would. 4 Where, then,'-said Mr. Lintock, ' did you see him T ■ ■ * On Loiulon Bridge.., He was lounging, thore sir—leaning over tli'e parapet. v It was getting dark, as it might be now ; and I saw him look at the warehouse and then down into the, river, ••as if he had half a mind to drown himself. I'm a-thinking, sir,' Added Ducket, that he's getting ■a bit daft.' The wharf'Owncr answered thoughtfully: * A danger h myself.' ^ ' ' And to dt'.ibrs, sir,' said the foreman, signi ficantly. ' He's plotting. . A man like Clogstoun would stick at nothing.' ~ ' 'iVbat do you mean, Ducket, by that?' : . . Ducket twisted his cap in his hand and glanced out of the window u{>ou the darkening river. 1 Plotting revenge,': savl He. - i ' Eh ?' • * Plotting revenge,' repaated Dacket, with a quick look at his master. ' Why these broken down, drunken chaps like Clogstoun, sirj have nothing to low:—they set no value on life. ' Do you mean their own ?' ' Ay, sir; neither their own nor other people's. You'll excuse mo, sir ; but if you had seen his face' The- foreman stopped abruptly. _ Something in Mr. Lintock's face alarmed him ; a keeu stab could scarcely have producod a more sudden change. But the startied expression passed before he could even iucraire if his master was ill. ' Ducket,' said Mr. Lintock, rising from his chair,' IC Clogstoun ever comes to the wharf either by Thames-street or the rivcr, you, have my leave to hand him over to. the police.! We must run no risks in a place like this.. I atn glad to see,' added the wharf-owner approvingly, * that you are alive to the fact that the mau'is a dangerous chatdiitcr.' As he d.'Tjve tlut evening towards London Bridge -Station through the lamplit strcctt, 'Mr. LiiiKVek peered restlessly out of the carriage, win'low; and in the largu thoroughfares, where men with uncouth, dissipated faces laughed at half-open tavern doors, ho looked about; him with the horror of one who dreaded to recognise some repwlsivr) face among them. It wa3 not inntil the wharf-owner had passed into the •crowded station that he seemed to throw off in sorao degree this strange curiosity in his unfor tunate fellow-men. Mr. Lintock lived at Greenwich, and the train "was on the point of starting. As lie steppe'! into an unoccupied apartment and th*> potter was closing the door, a young mat*, eame up out of breath and stepped in afttst him. By the' dim light overheard thoy recognised each other ns friends, and a warm greeting took place between thoim ! 'Why, Overbeck,' said the wharf-own'et, * what takes yon to Greenwich?' ' • • : ' I was coming down to pay yott a visit.'; ' To dine with us?—I am delighted to hear it.' A matter of business between Mr. Lintoek and Percy Overbeck had orginally brought them to gether. Overbook had taken part of a hoiise in Trinity Square as junior partner in a Hamburg firm, and often had occasion to land goods at Wythred's wharf. The wharf-owner, in his younger days, had known Overbeck's parents:: and lie had welcomed to a place at his hearth this son of his <skl friends, as soon as he pre sented his Matter of recommendation,' and so it came to »*as that 'che young Hamburg merchant ■quickly learnt to realise that Mr. Lintock had a k'asoinating daughter. Nor did he despair of souie day winning Bertha Lintock's hand. The train was in rapid motion. The two friends seated opposite to each other, were chat ting pleasantly, when a startling change came over Mr. Lintock's face. The expression 5 was that of abject terror. With his eyes fixed as though he were fascinated—fixed upon the'fur ther window of the carriage—the wharf owner sat pale and speechless. Overbeck could not withdraw his gaze: and so completely did Mr. Lintock's altered face and attitude impress him, that for the moment he. imagined something supernatural had appeared to him. Turning his. licad to follow the direction of tho.wliarf-owner'a eyes, Overbeck was surprised to see no phantoin —nothing visible beyond the window but black night. • ; ' Overbcck placed his hand upon Mr. Lintock's ami. ' Ara we in danger? You stare as though you anticipated something terrible. If there is any'— :,. ! The "wharf-owner; raised bis right hand to ■silence'his companion, at the same time covering his cye3 witli his other, as ifvto shut out some repulsive sight. ' There is no danger'—he spoke in a strange agitated voice—' no danger -jdavr. It is past.' :. ' This answer/- in Overbeck's excited state of mind,'did not satisfy him. 'There was danger, then? If it was real, and not mere fancy'---r -< ' It teas real. It's lucky we met to-night. Your presence lias saved my life.' ^\'V i 1 In what possible way?' . .: ■ ' Do not question mo now/ said Mr. Lintock with great earnestness. ' I saw, as distinctly as 1 see you at this moment, a face at that further window'—and he pointed towards it as he spoke —' a face that has haunted me for more than a year past.' _ _ Overbeck sprang up to go to the carriage door but the wharf owner placed a restraining hand upon his shoulder. ' Don't stir! The face has gone. It would be madness ' The engine shrieked, arid the carriages began to slacken pace. In another minute the train bad come to a standstill in Greenwich Station. CHAPTER II. : ' The Whakf-Owner's Story. 'Mr. Lintoek'a house, an old mansion in tlie ■neighbourhood of Greenwich Park, was sur reanded by a high garden wall. The great iron pr.te leading into a largo courtyard might have Been the entrance to a prison ; and its gloomy aspect filled Percy Overbeck's mind with vague fears. But when the front door was thrown open, and he stepped with the wharf-owner into a broad, well-lighted hall, all sense of dread was instantly dismissed, for at the foot of the oaken staircase stood Bertha Lintock. She was a tall, graceful girl of nineteen; and she always looked her best, in Percy's opinion, at these moments of greeting with her father; not that her dark eyes were wanting in their eloquent expression of welcome when they met bis. But she simply said, in a charming tone of well-feigned surprise: " Mr. Overbeck? How very kind this is!" as she took his proffered band. Overbeck could not fail to notice, from Hertha's anxious glance at her father's face, that she guessed something had recently upset him. Was. it possible that the girl had any ' suspicion that such a trouble as this, which lie had accidentally discovered, weighed upon her father's mind? Bertha's first words, when they were alone in the drnwing-r 'om before dinner, " Have you remarked the change in my father? To-night he dues not seem ilir.sa.nH' man," convinced Overbeck thatshe had been told noth ir.g. - •f He is greatly chftn^e<}," replied th* yoiin^ " about him'""1 milc'1 00'>cernod, Miss Lintock, "Cananything be done?'* 'I sinoerejy hrtpa that your father will talk to hfni ft , ,tll,is evening.—I. shall draw ,, ' he added laughingly to reassure her "over our cigar." . - ' , Bertha'seyes expre3sedjher sense of gratitude. , . During dinner, Mi\ Lintock was ixlb i stracted; in fact, h'e left flotilla to do all the ■ talklngc so t<he and l^ot'ey conversed together i w th6irhearts intent, r r • . ; ' , "As sooii'as dinner wds'o'vor, Bertha rose to i leave the two men to their wine. While Overbed l stood holding open the, door; tbe girl gave .him one of those appealing looks as she passed out which lie remembered long'after. r „ ".y°w tiwtweare alone,!' saidMr. LiiitockV will you give me your attention for a few minutes. I want, to tell you of tho fico that haunts me. I have .intended'.for SOIlle time speaking to you Tho incident in the train"to night has decided ille. .... 0 vorbe ok having d ra wn for wa rd an armchair, lit ;a cigar, and looked attentively at Mr. Liiitock— 1 am deeply'interested," said he. ' ■ ... After a moment's pause,, tho wharf-owner asked: 'Do you remember, Overbook, an individual named Clogstouri'" . Ovurbeck shook his head. ' • "^e, ?'as, a AV01'kman at the wharf. T dis missed lam for insobriety." . A 4l?rK person," said Overbook ; doubtfully, with black hungry eyes? .■ • ^'la,t 8 the man," was Mr. Lintock's answer, asyou describe.him! That's tho man whose face 1 saw at the carriage window to-night Overbeck looked tsearchingly ■ i\t the i wharf - owner. " lSot!'ctt?^?? ytju meaii liia ghost. I mean tho Mail's face. ' I have no belief in disembodied spirits.'? • •• dead^Ut|" 0yct'^e°k, "unless a man is " lie is not dead. He threatens me: he has threatened me for months. I see bis'faco every where, and Lintock, glancing round, the room with that haunted look again—" everywhere and always threatening." , for a moment the wharf- owner placed his Kanid across hii eyea, as he had done in the railway carriage; but quickly recovering himself, he.'saidt "Clogstcuii had oftHrt been employed on the wharf* and fts often dis charged, owing to his drtlUkttn Alul quarrelsome habits. He insulted every one whom he came across* when excited by drink, until, it,.was thought that he must be out of his mind-.! Whfcil at last irefuscd to listen' to' hin^jiiJSal to be given another chance) hi! mattered: " You shan't J'11!" "lOfoi.- iWlhing, Mr. Lintock; you had better think it over." I did not like his look then : there was something strange in Ilia eyes— a look that seemed to me to contain a touch of insanity. A few days afterwards he acoosted me in.J,hames Street; and thoro he loaded mo" with insult, and vowed that he would not rest until he had taken my liflH " , Overbeck start&l; With &h; angry exclama tion on his hp.11 ' xhe mail is mad I" I treated this threat, at first, as the silly. Utterance of a drunkard," continued Mr. Lin tock. . It gave me at the moment no real un easiness. But as time went by,^ It 19 Otilktilct began to alarm mo. He Pgalil accosted me,- and became more irierilcnt. I warned him that I should bB forced if lie did not cca3o toannoymc, to t4ko tho matter before a'magistrate." . i lif'i'it said Ov<;r!i)eok excitedly, " you .did . ' But that has had no effect. Ho still dojs my footsteps if I venture out aftor dark. I see his eyes fixed upon mo at every corner. ; And unless something is dono to put a stop to it,": said the wharf-owner,;" I shall fall ill.' My duties at the warehouse are -a' sufficient- wear and tear, without , Glogstoun's., wrotched, drunken face'threatening hie nifthfc imd day I" Overbeck, was pacihg up and down the room. Ho could llpt rest , with the thought of Mr.' Liuttick beingharassedand insulted ateveryturn. '' Does any one know, except ourselves," said lie, " about this affair J" ( The wharf-o\Vn6r ' reflected A iWonient. ^ k, susj-'e^tS 8omething: no. one " CVen your dailght'br ?" \ I have never," said Air. Lintock, somewhat evasively, " spoken'to. her on the subject," ■ After a. moment's pausei OVfeflieek 'asked : Can you give ros UlOgStouii's address ?" "■ (l rpho Wllan-ownerJ, looked up iti surpriso. It never occurred to me, Overbeck, 'that he: had any. In-what hole or corner In London would he lodge? His appearance wa3 no betten when I saw him last, than that of a. varfaljdnd or tramp."- '.O ; . He munfc bt) kllown to the police." ; "So I hope, for .be has fallen very low. . He was sepn by Docket last on London Bridge contemplating, I should think from the account he gave me, 3uieide or something worse. For is there a crime," added the wharf-owner, "that one so profligate would not commit ? The very thought makes ,me shudder ! If you had: seen , ^ace t°;niglit, the dread would have A°'d'.of you—as it has of me—that my life is ui danger.' He spoke in a very earnest:tone. But there was no trace of agitation in his manner now. His words, "My life is in danger,' seemed to express the conviction of ft Bound muided man capablu of matnre rcflectiob.' '■ " You are eerioUsly of opiniori, Mr. Liiitock, that tho fact at the carriage window was : real, and not imaginary ?' . ; , Mr. Lintoik, with a, thoughtful look; bent upon the gMUrid) replied : ' That i3 a question to \vl\icli 1 \yi3l1, Overbeck, I could give you a Satisfactory answer. Is it real1- The face, a3 I tell you, threatens iro so momentarily—so unex .pectcdly : it seems real—only too real. Then he suddenly added with a searching glance : " You do not think m.y brain' afifeeted ?. Well, well; it's not silr'pfisihg 'if you do^;l:have enough worry at theM-harf, sometimes, "without this oB8, to drive me crazy. ! . Overbeck promised to take the mattor earnestly in hand : and after some further con-f versation on the subject, of a reassuring nature, Mr. Lintock proposed that they should go! and join Bertha in the drawing-room. She was nt the piano. But she rose-when they came in, and gave them tea, and paid some little, delicate attentions to ; her father, as' a devoted daughter alone knows how. Then she returned' to the piano and began to play a sona'a'that ^seemed like an accompaniment to her dreamy thoughts. j Presently, Percy Overbeck went softly to a chair beside her, for tho wharf- owner had fallen asleep! 1' " He has spoken to you," said the .girl, still accompanying- her dream, i" Has: he'not!" Her face was troublod, and tears stood in her eyes. ' ' : - ' ■ f • j " We have talked the matter over. He has told me everything. Do not be distressed; there | is really no need. . Hare confidence in me. I Will yi.u—as an old friend ?" i xncro was little occasion to have, asked this. Bertha's 'fiicri, though troubled, had not lost its trustfulness, 'Why should yon doubt that?' was the girl's reassuring reply. ' For weeks past I havo wished that ray father would speak to you". I knew that something disturbed him. But he is so considerate ! He has done . his boat to , hide it from me, fearing to givo me the least, alarm.' ' [ f- / ; ' - i. ' f *• '•, '! ; 'It is'about a discharged worlcman—it is best that you should know—a fellow' who threatens your father. The affair has unnerved him; 'but I hope to put matters ' right. You are not frightened ? . . ! ' No ; not now,' said 'Bertha in a low voice— ' not now, that you are lifting half,-the burden off our shoulders. How good it'.is'of 'y oiv!' • Sho' was' irresistible. Overbeck answered1 •• earnestly : ' Thorp is no burden that I would not bear, Bertha, for your sake.' ) h ' Tor me!' ■ 'I ■: -' "' ' Ye3, Bertha. 1—I love you. There was a flutter of the dark eyelashes, but: the girl did uot raise her eyes. - The accompani ment to her dream: was :almost inaudible now. Was the reality—the conviction of her love for ■ Percy Overbeck dawning upon her ? The sonata was finished : and Mr. Lintock awoke out of his nap.' It was tirfto for Overbeck to bid his friends good-night, for he.intended to return by train to London. ' He caught a sweet timid glance from Bertha as he took his leave. When the train was approaching London Bridge—and the glow of lamplight in wide and narrow thoroughfares threw a red reflection over the great city—Overbeck thought of the countless mysteries that lay hidden, in dark courts and alleys, in the midst of all this glare. Was this face which haunted Sir. Lintoek's life, thought he, in one among those shadowy by-ways. I ;To be Confinuid.) . | 