SOME STRANGE WILLS. A Mr. Tuke, of Rotheringham, who died in 1812, by his hist will and testament left a penny to every child who should attend his funeral, with the result that over 700 youngsters, who didn't care whether school kept, were in attendance. All the poor xvomen of the parish were made happier by the bequest of one shilling to each ; the bellringers were left a half-guinea " to strike off one peal of grand bobs" at the exact mo- ment the body xvas inearthed ; and seven of the oldest navvies were to have a guinea for " puddling him up" in his grave. An old woman, " who had for eleven years tucked him up in his bed," was made richer by the sum of one guinea. His crowning act was to make one endowment by which forty dozen penny loaves were to be thrown down from the parish church steeple at noon on every Christmas Day forever. William Jacket, of Islington, who was gathered in in 17S7, made a sensible will, even if it was in rhyme : I givo nnd bequeath, AVheii I'm Inlet underneath, To my two loving sisters most dear, The xv-holo ot my store, AVere it twice ns much more, AVlu'ck God's goodness has granted me here. And that nono may prevent This, my will and mtent, Or occasion tho least of vain racket, AVith a solomu appeal, I confirm, sign, and seal This, tho true act aud deed of AVill Jacket. A German bequeathed his money to a poor man whom he detested, on condition that he always wore thin white linen underclothes, without any extra under- clothing. Stanislaus Poltzmarz left a greater part of his fortune to a Hungarian notary, forbidding him, however, to take possession until he had snug in La Scala or San Carlo opera house the parts of Rossini's " Otello" and "Elviro" in " Sonnambula." Poltz marz, who was 80 years of age when he executed his will, wrote :-" I do not diapose of my wealth in this manner for the sake of being thought an original, but having been present four years ago at an evening party in Vienna, 1 heard M. Notx sing a cavatinafrom each of these operas with a beautiful tenor voice ; therefore T believe him likely to become an excellent artist. In any case, if the public hisses him, he can console himself easily with 3,000,000 of florins which I leave lum." It is to be lamented that no record can be found at hand of the success of the lucky M. Lota on the lyric stage. A wealthy London widow left an annuity of more than ¿200 yearly to a parrot, which had been "lier faithful companion for twenty-four years." The will of one Garland, who died in June, 1888, contains this clause :-" I bequeath for my monkey, my dear and amusing Jocko, the sum of üÍ0,000 per annum, to be employed for his sole use and benefit ; to my faithful dog, Shock, and my well-beloved cat, Tib, a pension of £5 ; and desire that in case of the death of either of the three, the lapsed pension shall pass to the other two, between whom it shall be equally divided. On the death of all three the sum appropriated lo this purpose shall beconio the property^ of my daughter, Gertrude, to whom I give this preference among my children, because of the large family she has and the difficulty she finds in bringing them up." Mr. Farstore, of Alton, having no rela- tives, left ¿¡7000 to the first man of his name who would wed a woman of tho same name, and the money was to ba paid down on the day of marriage. Solomon Sanborn, of the town of Mad- ford, Massachusetts, a hatter by trade, left his body to the late Professor Agassis and Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes, to bo by them prepared in the most skilful and scientific manner known to anatomical art, and placed in the museum of anatomy of Harvard College. Two drumheads were to be made of skin. Upon one was to he inscribed Alexander Pope's " Universal Prayer," and on the other the Declaration of Independence, and then they were to he presented to his distinguished friend and patriotic citixen, tho drummer of Cohassett, Ubis presentation waa conditional that upon tlio 17th of June, at sunrise every year, Simpson should heat or cause to be beaten upon the drumheads, at the foot of the monument at Hunker Hill the spirit-stirring strains of "Yankee Doodlo." Those por- tions of his remains which wero of no use to the anatomisers were to be "composted" into a fertiliser for the purpose of nourishing the growth of an American elm, to be set out in some public thoroughfare, that the weary man might rest and Bportive children might gambol beneath the shadow of the luxuriant branches. Henry, Earl of Stafford, inserted the fol- lowing in his will :-" I give to the worst of women, who is guilty of all ills the daughter of Mr. Grammont, a French- man-whom I have unfortunately married, five and forty brass halfpence, which will buy her a pullet for her supper-a greater sum than her father can often make her, for I have known when he had neither money nor credit for such a purchase, he being the worst of men and his wife the worst of women in all debaucheries. Had I known thoir characters I had never married their daughter, nor made myself unhappy." A charming instance of woman's trust in and love for man is found iu the will of Lady Palmerston, an ancestress of tho famous Prime Minister. Says this estimable lady, referring to her husband : -"As I have long given you my heart, and my tenderest affections and fondestwisheshave always been yours, so is everything else that I possess ; and all that I can call mine being already yours, I have nothing to give but my heartiest thanks for the care and kindness you have at any time shown me, either in sickness or in health, for which God Almighty will, I hope, reward you in a better world. How- ever, for form's sake, I here give and bequeath you as follows :-Fir.'t, the £10,000 left me by Sir R. II.; the £200 a year annuity left me by my futlier ; the gold cup, and the two lesser chocolate cups, which I wish you would sometimes look on, as a remembrance of death, and also of the fondest and most faithful friend you ever had." The chocolate cups referred to were little cups formed of mourning rings, which were used daily by Lady Palmerston in momory of departed friends. Philip, the fifth Earl of Pembroke and Montgomery, who died on the 11th of December 1CC9, said in his will : " As for my BOUI, I do confess I have often heard men speak of the soul, but what may be these same souls, or what their des- tination, God knoweth ; for myself, I know not. Men have likewise talked to me of another world, which I have never visited : nor do I know even an inch of the ground that leadeth thereto. When the king was reigning I did make my son wear a sur- plice, being desirous that he should become a bishop ; and, for myself I did follow the religion of my master ; then come the Scotch, who did make nie a Presbyterian, but since the time of Cromwell I have be- come an Independent. These are, methinks, the three principal religions of the kingdom. If any one of the three can save a soul, I desire they will return it to Him who gave | it to me." I " I give my body, Wit'is plain I cannot keep ît", as you see the chirugeons are tear ing.it to pieces. Bury'mV, therefore. I hold churches and lands enough for that. Above all, put my body beneath the church porch, for I am after all a,man of birth, and I would that I should be interred where Colonel Pride was born. " Seeing that I do menace a certain Henry Mildmay, but did not thrash him, I do leave the sum of £50 sterling to the lackey that shall pay unto him my debt. " I should have given to the author of the libel on women, entitled ' Now* of the Ex- change,' threepence to invent a yet more scurrilous mode of maligning ; but, seeing that he insulteth and slaudereth I know not how many houest persons, I commit the office of paying him to the same lackey who undertaketh tho arrears of Henry Mildmay. He will teach him to distinguish between honourable women and disreputable. " I give up the ghost." 