CHAPTER XXX. CAE5E3 TELLS HIS STORY. Thc tiras cama when Carnea told me the story of his New Orleans search. As he related it to me then, let him relate it now : " Arrived in New Orleans without trouble cr delay, at three o'clock in the afternoon. Bígietercá at tho " Hotel Honore," a email house near the levees; giving my name as George Adams, sugar dealer, from St. Louis. Then began a hnnt among the theatres, and, before esven o'clock had foued the place I wanted. " The Little Adelphi," owned and managed by " Storms and Brookhouse." It is a small theatre, but new and neatly fitted np, has a bar attached, and beer-tables on the floor of the auditorium. I made no effort to nee Brcokhouse, bat went back to the "Honore," after learning that money would open the door of the green roora to any patron of the theatre. After supper I refreshed my memory by a look at the pictures of the missing young ladic3, including that of Miss Amy Holmes, and then I set out for the Little Adelphi. There was never an easier bit of work than this New Orleans business. The curtain went up on a '. Minstrel first part," and there, sitting nest to one of the "end men" wa3 Mamie Butger. Her curly hair was stuck fall of roses. She wore a very short pink satin dress and her little feet were conspicuous in white kid slippers. It Mis3 Mamie were forcibly abducted, abe has wasted no time in grieving over it. If she bas been in any manner deceived or de- luded, she bears it wonderfully well. She sang her ballad with evident enjoy- ment, and her voice rang out in the choruses, clear and sweet, Her lip3 were wreathed in smiles, her cheeks glowed, and her eyes sparkled. Occasionally Ehe turned her head to whisper to the blacked-up ecamp, who eat at her right hand. Altogether she deported herself with the confidence cf an cid habitue cf the stage. Evidently she had made herself popular with Little Adelphi audiences, and certainly she enjoyed her popularity. After tbs first part I watched the stage impatiently, it being too early to venture into the green-room. Mamie Butger did not re-appear, bat, after an hour, occupied principally by "burnt cork artists," Miss Lotta La Clair, " the eong and dance Qaeen," carne tripping from tbs winga; and Miss Lotta Le Clair, in a blua velvet coat and yellow satin nether garments, was cone other than Amy Holmes. She danced very well, and sang very Pl ; and I fancied that she had tasted too often of the cheap wine dealt ont behind the bar. Very soon after her esit, I made my way to the green-room, piloted by the head waiter. I had, of cours?, got myself up for the occasion, and I looked like a cros3 between a last year's fashion-plate and a Bowery black- leg. Is is always essy to make a variety actresa talk, and those at the Little Adelphi, proved no exception. Two or three bottles of wine opened the way to eorae knowledge. By chatting promiscuously with several of the Adelphi belle?, I learned tbat Amy Holmes and Marnia Batger, who, by the way, was "Bose Deschsppelle3" on the bills lived together. That, Amy, who was not known at the theatre by that name, wa3 " a hard one," and " old in the bneiness ; " while "Bose," was a soft little prig who " woie her lover's picture in a locket," and was>: as true to bim as steel." The girls all united in voting Amy disagreeable, in spite of her superior wisdom ; and Mamie, " a real nice, jolly little thing," spite cf her ver i daney. The fair Amy was then approached, and j my real work began. I ordered, ia ber honor, an extra brand of wine. I flattered her; I talked freely of my wealth, and dis- played ray money recklessly. I because hali intoxicated in her society, aid, through it all, bemoaned the fact that I coold not citar for her qnafScg, the sparkling champagne that was the only fitting drink for such a god- dess. The Adelphi champagne was detestable stuff, and MÍ33 Amy was conno'wer enough to know it. She frankly confessed her fond- ness for good champagne, and could tell mc just where it was to hs found. The rest esme aa a matter of course. I proposed io give her a champagne euppper, sha accepted, and the programme was speedily arranged. j At eleven o'clock thc nest day. she would meet me at a convenient little restaurant near the theatre. I must come with a car- riage. We would have a drive, and, just cntsida thc city, would come upon L^uis M;niu'a caf e. There we would find line, luscious fruit3, rare wines, everything choice and dainty. Miss Amy, who seemed to possess all the luxurious Í3SÍS3 of a native creole, arranged the programme, and we parted at the green- room door, mutually satisfied. She antici- pated a gala day, and I, seeing before me the disagreeable necessity of epoiling her frolic and depriving the Little Adelphi, for a time at least, cf one of its fairest attractions. Tho course which I had resolved to pursue, was not tho ona most to ray taste ; but it waa the simplest, shortest and would accord best with the instructions given me, viz.. that no arrests must bc made, nor anything done to arouse the suspicions of FredBrook hous?, and cause him to give the alarm to his cocîedeïaîe3 in the North. I bsd pnrposely held aloof from Mamie Eatgir, feeling convinced that it were best not to approach /:<.<. until a definite course of action had been decided upon. Nor wa3 I entirety certain that my Echeme would succeed i if Amy Holmes should prove * Ania wiser, shrewder ana more courageous, and a triíle lesa selfish and avaricious than Í had judged her to be, my plana might fail signally, and, in that case, tha girl might work mc much mischief. I weighed the possibilities thoughtfully, and resolved to risk the chances. Accordingly, on the morning after my visit to tho Little Adelphi, I sent my first telegram, and made other arrangements for putting my écheme into execution. The beginning cf the programme was CErried out, 83 planned by the young lady. We drove to the enfn kept by Kouts Menin, and teated hi3 champagne, after which I be- gan to exécuta my plans. *: Louis M aru might be ail very well," I said,:; but Vir re was no man in New Orleans, so I had cf-.en been told by Northern travel- ler?, who eonid serve such a dinner as did the chf, at ibo P-Hotel. Should we drive to th¡3 house and there eat the best dinner to be served ia the city I " The prospect of dining at a swell hotel pleased the young ladj. She gave an insîant consent to tha pian, and wo turneJ bsck to thc: city and tbs P- . Hotel. Here we wsre inetalkd in a handsome private psrlor, r.nd, after I had paused a few moments in the c-flkc, during which time I re«Utered : " G;o. A']am3 and sister, S^. Louis, AI:*." I closed the dcor upon servants end intrnders, and the engagement com- menced. Having first locked the parlour dcor, and put the key in my pocket, I approached Miss Amy, who stood before a mirror, carefully arrasging a yellow rose in her black frisettes ; I dropped my swaggering, half-maudlin, wholly- admiring tone and manner, and said quietly : "Now, Mi33Amy Holmes, if yon will sit down opposite at me, we will talk things over quietly." She started violently, and turned towards me with a stare of surprise, in which, how- ever, I could observe no fear. The name bad caused her astonishment. I had been care- ful to address her by her stage nsme, cr rather the one she chose to use ai the theatre. I hardly suppose her real namo to bc Holmes, probably it is Smith or Jones in- stead. She let the hand holding the rose drop at her side, but did not loosen her grasp of the flower. "Look here," she exclaimed Eharply. " Where did you pick up that name ; and what kind of a game are you giving me, any- how?" After the surprise occasioned by the utter- ance of her discarded name, my altered tone and manner had next impressed her. " I got the nama where I got several ethers, Miss Amy, and the game I am playing is one that is bound to win." She sat down upon the nearest chair, and stared mutely. " How would you like to go back to Amora, Miss Holmes I Or to Groveland and the widow Batten's?" She sprang up with her eyes flashing, and made a sudden dash for the door. Of course it resisted her effort to open it. " Open that door," she said, turning upon mealookof angry definancc "You are cither a fool or a meddler. Open the door." Haid ono hand somewhat heavily upon her shoulder, and led her back to thc seat she bad jest vacated. " Possibly I may be both fool and meddler,"' I replied, in a tone eo stern that it s¿emcd to arrest her attention, and impress her with the fact that I was neither trifling nor to be trifled with. " Bat I am eomething else, and I knew rcore of you, my yoong lady, and of your pasî career than you would care to have ms know. Perhaps you may never have heard of Michael Carnes, the detective, but their are otha's who have made his acquaintance." Now all thi3 was random firing, bet I acted on tho knowledge that nine-tenth3 cf the women who are professional adventurers, hive in their past something either criminal or disgraceful to conceal, ead on the possi- bility that Miss Amy Holmc3 might not be- long to tba exceptional few. The shot told. I saw it in the sudden blanching of hsr cheek, in the etartled look that meet mine for just an instani. If there were nothing else to conceal, I think she would have defied me and ¿DUted at my cffort3 to extracts irafcrmation on the subject of the Groveland mystery. Bat I had touched at a mora vulnerable point. If I could now convince her that I knew hex past career, the rest would be easy. Is was a delicate undertaking. I might say too much or too little, but I musí pres3 the edvantsge I had gained. Her attention was secured. Hercariosisy W33 aroused. There was a shade of anxiety on her face. Drawing a chair opposite her, and seat- ing myself therein, I fixed my eye3 upon her face, and addressed her in a tons half stern, hali confidential: "You are a plucky girl, I began, "end I admire you for that ; and when I tell ycu that I have followed you, or tracked you from the North, through Amora, through Groveland, | down to the Little Adelphi, you will perhaps i cor-jscture that I do net intend to be balked j or evaded, even by so smart a little lady as yen have proved yourself. I b?sr you no personal ill will, and I much dislike to per- : secute a woman even when she had been guilty of-." I paused, she made a restless movement, and a look of pain flitted across her face. "Perhaps we may be able to avoid de- tails," I said, slowly. " I will let you decide that." :« How l" with a gasp of relief or surprise, I could hardly guess which. "Listen. Some time ago two girls disap- peared from a little northern community, and I was one of the detectives employed to fiad them. I need not go into details, since ycu know so much about the case. In the course of the investigation, we inquired pretty closely into the character of the company kept by these two young ladies, and learned that a Miss Amy Holmes had been a school* mate of the missing girls. " Afterward, this same Amy Holmes and a Miss Grace Ballon, made au attempt to escape from the Ballon farm house. The scheme was in part frustrated, but Amy Holmes escapad. Mrs. Ballon furnished us with a photo of Miss Amy Holmes, and when I Haw it I knew it." "Ahl" This time it was an interjection of unmistakeable terror. It gave me my cue. " I knew it for the picture o! a young woman who had-committed-3 crime. The face was thai of a young woman who would be well received at police heed- quarters, and I said to myself I will ¡ww find ibis young lady who calls bei self Atay Holmes." A look of euilen resolution was settling upon her face. She eat b if ore me with her eyes fixed upon the carpet and her lipa tightly closed. "I have found her,'' I continued, merci- lessly. "And now-shall I tsks you back with me", a prisoner, and band you over to the offisera of the law, or will j on answer truthfully such questions as I shs.ll put to you, and go away from this house a free woman?" She waa so absorbed by her own terror, or so overshadowed by some ghost of the past, that ehe seemed to take no note of ruy interest in the Groveland business, except BS it had been au incidental aid in hunting her down. "Do you think I would tru=t you.'"' Ehe said, with a last effort at dttiar.ee. "You ; want me to testify against myself." i " Ycu mistake. Or you do not under ; stand. I am at present working in ins in [ tsrest of the Groveland case. My discovery cf jon was an .-.cadent, and my knowla ;;e concerning yen 1 am using as a means to- ward the elucidation of tue mystery surround- ing tba movements of Mamie Butgsr ard Nellie Effinir. "Mamie Ratger I saw last night at the Little Adelphi, Nellie Eving is no doubt within reach. I might find them both with- out your assistance. It would only require a little more time and a little more trouble ; but tims just now is precious. I have other business which demands my attention at the North. Therefore I say, tell me all that ycu know concerning these two girls-all, mind. If you omit one necessary detail, if you fabri- cate in one particular, I shall know it. Answer all my questions truthfully. I shall only esk such as coreara your knowledge cr connection with this Groveland affair. Ii you do this, you have nothisg to fear from me. If you refuse-you are my prisoner. You comprehend me '"' She eyed me sceptically. " How do I know that you will let ma go, after all ?" she eaid. ." You have my promise, and 1 am a man of my word. You are a woman and I don't want to an est you. If you were a man I should not offer you a chance for escape. Do as I wish and you ara free, and ir you need assistance you ehail have it. You must choose at once ; time pres:-e3." She hesitated a moment, and then said : " I may as well tell you about the girls, as you seem to fencw EO "much cxd-I can't be arrested for thar." '. Very -«il ! Ttîl your story, then, truly and without emissions." To ba Continued, 