THEATRICAL AND MUSICAL. Shakespearean revivals are becoming quite the thing with theatrical managers of late, and when the management of Her Majesty's decided to try it on with Mr. George C. Miln as Hamlet, considerable interest was aroused as to how the new actor would take. The revival of Shakespeare in this country is much to be deBired for many reasons. People weary of lighter and frivolouB performances, and require an instructive and edncationol counterbalance. There is aho a class, small though at present, whoBe tastes lie in this direction, and who are constantly growing in number and appreciation of Shakespearean ideals. Among the masses, too, the legitimate Shakespeare, or Bacon, is exercising an attractive influence. Consequently there was a good honse at Her Majesty's on Saturday evening, to witness Mr. Miln in the part of Hamlet. And that the im personation was well appreciated is a matter for congratulation, for although some may find fault with Mr. MUn's repre sentation, as compared with greater or lesser Shakespearean lights, on the whole he makes a forceful Hamlet. Pos sessing more than average elocutionary power, and eyes adapted to the part Mr. Miln made his acting im pressive—too strong perhaps in parts where a little lightness should have relieved the shade, but still strong and forcible. He interprets Hamlet as a man 1 with a mad mind of Egyptian darkness, and this conception so holdB upon him that when the necessities of a change come, he . is unable to shake it off altogether, find the buoyant effect of many less darker pas sages is minimised. Mr. Miln is no make- believe madman. He does not simulate insanity, bnt goes in for the real mental aberration, and his appearance here and there is awe - inspiring and gloomily impressive. In the great ghost scene the acting was very effective, and the startling shriek : and "dull, sickening thud" in scene 3 brought down the honse. Tbe applause was constant. Miss Louise Jordan per- fotmed her part of Ophelia with a faith fulness that told well for her careful preparation of the part. Miss Jordan is an attractive and graceful ac tress, and both she and Mr. Miln were warmly received. The scenery was really artistic ande plendid, generally speaking, the fnneral procession being par ticularly touching. The minor parts were well represented, Messrs. J. B. Greville and Joe Tolano, as first and second grave- diggers, being warmly applauded. The other characters were all well sustained. At the Boyal Standard Gerald and 1 Duff's company are still playing to good houses with a double bill— "The Great Coal Strike" and "Bamboozle." It is not ' at all surprising that these pieces should prove a draw, for the first-named play has been very appropriately chosen now that ' the strike is on at Newcastle. The after piece is a very amusing comedietta, which pleases everybody. During the week the theatre has been well filled nightly, and the performances have gone off remark ably well. Carrie Swain is as great a favourite as ever, and she is doing splendid business at the Boyal, notwithstanding that she had to follow the Gaiety Company. Miss Swain's songs are capitally rendered, ' and take immensely with the audience. The diving feat is really wonderful, and creates a great sensation. The programme will be changed at the Albambra to-night as usual, and as a tre mendous crush is only a reasonable ex pectation the seat-hunter should put in an early appearance to ensure comfort as well as amusement. The Sunday concerts at Botany and at the Alhambra were yester day orowded with large and satisfied- houses. 