^etDB of the farishejs. ST. PAUL'S. BALLAEAT. The induction of the Eev. Geo. M'Murray, M.A., late of Ararat, to the incumbency, was the occasion of Special Service in that Church on Sunday morning, 1st January. The Parish has been without a per manent Vicar since the retirement of the Eev. E. T. Cummins some few months since, and during the interval which has elapsed since that time the Eev. J. W. Arnold has acted as locum tenens. The task of choosing a successor to Mr. Cummins was left in the handB of the Bishop, who recently made it known that the Eev. George M'Murray was the gentleman he had selected — an announcement which met witn a warm approval rrom tne congregation, rreciseiy as eleven o'clock on Sunday morning the Bishop, with his Chaplain and the Vicar-Designate, were received at the western door of the church by the wardens and officers of the parish, the Vicar-Designate taking possession of the keys of the Church, and while the congregation and choir sang the hymn, ' House of our God, with hymns of gladness ring,' the wardens and clergy moved in procession through the aisle to the chancel. At the conclusion of the hymn the Vicar-Elect read his declarations, and the Eegistrar (the Eev. E. S. Eadcliff) read the official licence, which was signed by the Bishop in the. presence of the congregation, and presented to the new Vicar. After this a hymn of welcome was sung, and the Vicar was conducted to the reading desk, where he proceeded with the order of Morning Prayer. Special collects, suitable to the occasion, were read by the Bishop, and a special lesson by the Eev. E. T. Cummins, and at the conclusion of the service Holy Communion was administered. The sermon was preached by the Bishop, who chose as his text a passage from Numbers xxvii. 16, 17 — 'Let the Lord, the God of the spirits of all flesh, set a man over the congregation, which may go out before them, and which may go in before them, and which may lead them out, and which may bring them in.' During the morning the choir rendered the anthem, ' How lovely are the messengers' (from Mendel sohn's ' St. Paul'). There was an excellent congregation. ST. PETEE'S, BALLAEAT. There was special interest attaching to our recent Christmas festival on account of the dedication and introduction of new fittings in the church, to which we were looking forward last month. The floral decorations for the season were elegant and chaste ; but the main features of the decoration were, after all, the various new interior fittings and improvements. The handsome pulpit, litany desk, clergy desk and stalls, and choir stalls, carved in handsome designs in Huon and kauri pine, the dwarf choir-screen, the new brass altar- rails, handsome new carpets for floor of choir and sanctuary, crimson and gold damask curtains for the walls, new embroidered frontals for the holy table— these were the chief features worthy of remark. ' At the eleven o'clock service there had previously been an early Communion and Morning Prayer), the Bishop, attended by Canon Eadcliff as Chaplain, was received at the porch by the choir (newly surpliced) and the Yicar. The procession having passed up the body of the church singing the old Christmas hymn, ' Oh, come, all ye faithful,' the Bishop advanced to the new pulpit, and, with the con gregation reverently standing (there was a crowded church) offered a benediction of the pulpit. [ He then moved to the first choir step, and pronounced similar benedictions of the general renovation and new furniture of the church. During the choral celebration of the Holy Communion which followed, the Bishop preached the sermon, from Matt. ii. 11. It was a discourse of ? marked ability and power, and received the closest attention and interest. The latter portion of it, with its valuable enunciation of the principles and practice of worship, appears in another column. ? CASTEiiToN. .';;? ;; On Sunday, January 8th, the Bishop licensed and opened St. Mary's Church, Sandford. The occasion was one of special interest. Apart altogether from the .fact of the opening, there was a desire to pay a tribute of respect to the memory of .the late Mrs. Jackson, to whose* untiring efforts the erection of the building is mainly due, and who, if she had been spared, : would have seen the fulfilment of one of the greatest wishes of her life. ; There were two .services, morning and afternoon. At the beginning of the morning service the Bishop was met at the west door by the clergyman in charge and the committee. Mr. J. H. Jackson read the petition praying the Bishop to license the church, after which his Lordship was conducted to the communion rails. Special prayers were then said, and the license duly signed, autho rising the use of the building for Divine services and other sacred rites of the Church. The ordinary Morning Prayers were then said. In the_ course of his sermon the Bishop dwelt on the importance of worship. He pointed out the danger of mere formalism, but showed that it was ever the wish of the Church of England so to arrange and beautify their churches as to make them fit temples for God's presence, and also helpful and suggestive to the true and devout worshipper. The sermon concluded with a touching allusion to Mrs. Jackson, and with the hope that the Church of St. Mary would.be largely and regularly used by the Sandford people. In the afternoon the Bishop preached an effective sermon from the words, 'Kiss the Son.' In spite of an intensely hot wind the church was full at both services. The offertories amounted to over £15. Keferring to the internal fittings, the most prominent feature is a beautifully carved lectern, presented by the people of Sandford in memory of Mrs. Jackson. iThe inscription at the foot of the lectern was composed by Mrs. Thornton by special request from the committee. The committee have also to thank Mrs. Thornton for the presentation of a handsome kneeler for the chancel step, and two small cushions. Many willing hands helped to get the church and fittings ready for the opening services, prominent among whom was Mr. Wilson' Bolton, the hon. secretary. Mr. Bolton has just been promoted to Horsham, but his efforts for our church at Sandford have been so indefatigable and unselfish as to leave behind a pleasant .remembrance that will not easily be effaced. ?' ?? '; : ; ? ! . MUETOA. Here in the Eastern Wimmera, some few months ago, after a good deal of hesitation, difficulty, and consequent delay, the new church was finished, and successfully opened for Divine service, dedicated to the Holy Trinity. This church, the first of its kind, has filled a long-felt want in the town, and all our churchgoers are justly proud of the chaste little edifice now thrown open for Divine worship ' in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' Hitherto the services have been held in a large hall, which is also used for all kinds of entertainments, so that the place, with its surroundings, did not fit in with the solemn reverence due to the house and worship of Almighty God. Some energetic members of the Church have been untiring in their efforts to place the Church upon a better footing in the town. Many difficulties had to be overcome, both as to the site of the building, and also the material to be used in its con struction. But, by the grace of God, all that was in the way was removed, and we have a very handsome building from the design for a wooden country church furnished by the diocese, with chancel, vestry arid porch complete. The inside is comfortably lined with clear varnished pine; the dado is of cedar, stained; the beams and lining of the high-pitched roof are also varnished ; the doors and windows are coloured a French grey, so that the whole effect is pleasing and restful. The church is also fitted with handsome and comfortable pews of cedar and pine, and the elegant reading-desk is in harmony. With the exception- of the massive brass communion-rail, the whole of the remaining fittings are the gifts of kind, sympathetic members of the congregation. The Eev. Thomas Garlick, who has taken much interest in Murtoa Church work, gave the beautifully painted text, ' I was glad when they said, We will go into the house of the Lord,' which surrounds the chancel arch. All the other gifts — a ' gospeller'' from ? Mrs. Thornton ; the Bible and service books, communion drapery of crimson and gold, ohancel carpet, pulpit ban neret, the carved chairs, door scraper and mat, collection - plates — in fact, all the furniture of the church is excellent of its kind, and gives most convincing proof that many people in Murtoa say from the heart, 'Lord, I have loved the habitation of Thine house and the place where Thine honour dwelleth.' In memory of a young and well-beloved member of the congregation, who recently passed from the Church militant to the Church expectant, a coloured window has been erected in the chancel. It is a singularly handsome and tasteful piece of glacier work. The three lower panels contain figures of apostles ; the central point has a cross and the monogram, I. H. S., surmounting the figure of the risen Saviour. The central panel has a shield with a memorial inscription; the colouring of the whola is rich and appropriate. The pair of three-branch candlesticks are another 'In memoriam' gift, and yet another is promised in the shape of a brass lectern in memory of one who took deep, interest in the. reorganising of Church work in the district, and who would have greatly rejoiced to see this day. We are encouraged to hope that the remaining requisites for church and vestry furniture will not long be wanting, for since the opening we have received a valuable white damask cloth for the Holy Communion. Canon Mercer, of Ballarat, acting as the Bishop's deputy, kilidly came down for the opening services. He was assisted by the incum bent, the Eev. S. M'George, who has been untiring and indefatigable in his efforts to bring the work to the most successful issue, in which we all rejoice. He has since kindly sent as a remembrance of his visit two chairs and a lamp for the church vestry. The cost of the building was £358, and of the pews, &c;, £100. Should all promised contributions be paid, the debt will not exceed £130, and the clergy man and congregation are hoping shortly to initiate measures for if s speedy removal. , '', .';.', '..,'.'.,. 