OUR PARIS LETTER. from our own correspondent. j ' FAR IS, 17th December. France is fatigued, sick. Sho stijfers from a plethora of politicians and a congestion of political programmes. The provinces, (hat is, tho peasants, llij real bone, sinew and riches of the country, commence to he ugiv. They instinctively believe, ns well ns feel, that tlie times are out, of joint. Corruption in high places ; suspicion sapping confidence ; party hates deepening; violence iu langnnge all round; fraternity giving way to disbelief in an adversary's being either a man or a brother; administration drifting into confu- Bion ; legislation , at a standstill ; lunatics entering tiro arena of politics witli revolvers ; a new President failing to he a perfect cure, and the formation of a Alinistry proving to be as i great a difficulty as squaring the circle, or solving the social problem without displeasing the Haves and theHave-Nots. From what cause does the sickness of France proceed ? From several, but from nono that are incurable; Tho spirit of the country is democratic ; the Brobdignagians need not waste their timo discussing monarchical tweedicdums and twccdledecs; At. the Congress they gave tho full measure of their impotence. — aud im prudence — where they had neither the courage to vote for any pretender nor for any of their Parliamentary lehders. They indulged in a poor practical joke by plumping .for General Snussic'r, a tried republican, lint a stranger to polities. Then they gnve themselves absolu tion by luxuriating in a massaye of rant and fustian. France is democratic by instinct, but some what unconsciously, republican. Were her manhood voters educnted up, to tbe standard, not so much to recognise their power ns tiro disciplino and obligations the exercise of that power demands, the political brushwood would no longer entangle or impede business, as well ns progress. The representatives represent but too exactly tho ohno9 of a good cause and tho scattered glories of popular triumph. France must take stock of herself, slio has beon conducting her affairs not so much wildly as spasmodically and janinotliodicaily. She has slid from method ; she wants not so much an orgAniser of victory as au organiser of order; of political manners aud disciplinary obedience. She is on the threshold of a new Convention, but where there is no anti-national king to be removed, no Brunswicks to interfere with the internal divisions' of tlie country — surrounding nations are ' resolved in advanco, to allow her to stew in her own gravy. " The gusli of populace integrity, which swept away M. Grevy, to pass tlie few remaining yoars of liis life in tiro pleasures of billiards, chess, rabbit potting, or, like tho nursery parlor king, in " counting out his money," was expected io secure a new depar ture in party disinterestedness. People rarely fall out during a wedding ceremony ; some oven extend this age of bliss to a honeymoon. Ponding tiro manage, de ratson ot M. Carnot witli Dame France, t lie 616 republicans who gave him away indulged in a game of kiss in the ring, to the applause of patriotic onlookers, and to the astonishment of the political Schopenlinucrs and Leopardis — those " sombre lovers of death." Three days Intor, just the chartered time for making a revolution, it was perceived that M. Carnot was not quite tiro right man in the right place ; that tiro great abilities of his grandsire did not run in the family, even like wooden legs ; licnce, a- pincushion war was declined against him, which bids fair to deepen down into the usual open hostilities. It has been discovered that something more was required in a President than the merit of having refused to connive at the robbing of the Treasury of 75,000 francs. Tltere are many Frenchmen, aye deputies too; who would have displayed a like Spartan virtue to refuse to aid cither At. Wilson or AI. Grtfvy to dodge the oxcheqner even out of a centime. Falstaff coveted tiro entire exchequer in his day. They were tiro radicals whb took up Carnot nnd enabled him to top tiro poll. Politics have no bowels of compassion we know, so tlie first net of the President was to throw over the rads and throw himself upon tlie opportunists, who had pitted their chef, M. Jules Ferry, against liim for the Presidential vacancy. We mnst wait till the day of judgment, when tiro secrets of all hearts will be opened, to learn the secret of the President's heart for such antipodean unexpectedness. 'Tis trne lie dissembled his love ; but why did he kick .them down stairs ? Consequence deplorable ; the widening of tho abyss between the sticks-in-tho- mud aud the stalwart republicans. A kind of rump cabinet, out of the Opportunists, has been formed by M. Tirard, Ex-iuinister, a success ful jeweller, and tlie shadow of the unpopular Jules Ferry. It can only exist, as did the Sonvier Alinistry, on tiro tolerance of tho Monarchists and a see-saw policy, both of which the nation heartily resents. At first thero were quite Herodian tendencies floating about, probably suggested by the coming Christmas, to strangle tho new bom forthwith ; more humane counsels prevailed aud it was resolved that the foetus Cabinet should be allowed till tiro 10th January to have its " struggle for life." Then it will undoubtedly be elbowed into the limbo of ancient history, The Alinistry cannot indulge in much siu pending a good throe weeks ; it will illustrate Bacon's remark, that it is as natural to die as to be born, and to a little infant the one is as painful as tho other. A grand crash can be avoided, perhaps, by a dissolntion of the Chambers. Numerous monarchical, deputies have been returnod to tho House by a fluke, and not a few by falso pre tences. A general election would weed out such tares, aud voters' experience guard against the recurrence of a trick, which has shown such members to be only so mnch disturbing ferment. Tho Republican party stands in need both of tho broom and duster. It is trammelled with iiupracticables : the choicest outputs of paro chial noodledum, all believing thoy have Atlas shoulders specially created to bear up France. Their self importance makes them rebel against submission to voting discipline, and this mule- kicking obstruction is augmented by the host of ex-Cabinet Alinistcrs, the nsed-np fire-flies of mosaic combinations, and who can never seemingly take to earth again after their ephe meral sojourn in the seventh heaven of office. They form a kind of Salvation Army among themsetves ; they were heaven born for Alinis- terial functions, else why would they havo been selected. At any moment the conntry may have need again of their services, so they keep sitting on the fence, Hamlet without Hninlet can be understood, but Hamlet without the cock to crow the ghost away from daylight would be terrible. Such are the inutilities that cause and keep open tho sod rift in the Repub lic. The limited monarchy parliamentary sys tem causes too much frictions in its working to suit France. The newer system must be sought for in the constitution of the United States and tho convention. English constitutionalism docs not possess the virtue of suiting a few scores of contrary diseases, say like Holloway's oint ment ; yet some nnguent is needed for the legs of Fraoco ; their badness is of several years' standing. If, ns it is currently whispered, M. Carnot is already discouraged, and is ready to retire like a CHarles V. or n Cincinuatus, the candida ture of M. Jules Ferry will come to tlie front again, and with all its dangers. But, first of the attempt to shoot liim by the lunatic, Aubertin, n mnn of his own political kidney, less tho Tonkinism and slroep's-eyeism towards Bismarck. Tho first persons to congratulate AI. Ferry on his escape nnd condole with his brnises were his bitterest political enemies. Hence it is quite unnecessary to add the attack has not been tlie result of any conspiracy. Aubertin had no accomplice. He is one of the many hair-brained persons allowed abroad with out a keeper, and who believe they have for their mission the regeneration of socioty by attacking 'some leading public 'man who may happen to have received.a bad name. Unfortunately Jules Ferry is alone in the matter of unpopu- larity, He is not spared by tbo extreme press of tiro republican" and monarch- camps.- Indeed, as a rule, in mud squirting tbe journals which abstain from such might be counted on tlie fingers of one hand. With the remainder, it is only a difference of vigor, and of special talent for fish-wife courtesies. Ex-prefect Ue Police Grnngnon and his co- mate in exile, M. Wilson, have been declared free of the charges of purloining two letters from the pile seized with Afadamo de Limousin, and forging others to roplace them, while such documents were placed uuder tlie seals of justice and the property of the court. It is now well known who the high personage was that destroyed tho letters so compromising for his position, and who should havo been above suspicion. The court of indictment "merely said that, in accordance with the code, neither Grangnon nor Wilson committed nn illegal act ; but as to thoir moral guilt thero is no doubt. ThRt decision has given 'unmixed dissatis faction. Tiro lawyers of more than seven years' standing quote other articles of the code, and with numerous precedents in support,' to show that tiro judges wilfully turned a blind nye to . the plain- written law, and that could have netted tho two big delinquents. The latter always break through the meshes of tlie law ; they arc only tiro minions that are caught. AI. Wilson lias yet to run tiro gauntlet of other dirty, charges. His position is not enviable. Australians appear surprised that France continues to still ship convicts to New Caledonia. The surprise has been no less great on the side of the French that they were ever expecied io give np tiie exportation oi inat article to the Southern Pacific. It seems that it is not exactly in tho bond recently executed between England and France, and whore John, fooled ns usual, undertook to consent to tho internntionalisation of the Snez Canal in exchange for France clearing out of tho New Hebrides, where she was bound by treaty with England never to remain. The non-exporta tion of ' prison stuff may have been "understood," but as Mettcrnicli once ob served, what is "understood" is just exactly what should bo most minutely set forth inn treaty. Perhaps iu the com so of time, and in her own manner, France will ship nil her felons to Guyane ; some advocate Tim- buctoo, only that i9 too close to Tunisia aud the Senegalinn colonies. The rubbish shot down on a neighbor's territory perhnps docs not count.. Tho French .have got the best of the treaty; they have surrendered nothing that thoy owned and acquired what tlroy had no right to possess. Dunderhendism and leather- hendisin have taken up the.r headquarters at tho Foreign as well as the Colonial Office. Australia should not for a moment relax iror vigilance to keep tho Pacific free of the conti nental gulf stream of crinro. Sho will be aiding Franco materially whon compelling her to consume aud work up iter own vice at bomo by employing the ri'cidivisites on important public works. At. Cnrvnlho— and a fireman, who of course does not couut — hus been found . guilty of neglect, and so responsible for the burning of tho Opera Coiniqne. AL Carvnlho is to go to prison for three months, pay a fine ot 200 f., and meet damages towards tho relatives of tho victi.ms, Tlie condemnation establishes hence forth that managers, even in snbventioucd theatres like that of the consumed Opera Comique, are responsible for criminal neglect iu person and in purse. One day in prison ruins a Frenchman for ever and ever— it is a stone-jug mark he can never obliterate. Tiro payment of the fine is only a fleabite ; a purse wonld be made np on tho sly — to do so publicly is indictable, as defeating the moral aims of the law — in tho course of a few hours. Bat to be ou the bead-roll of prison fame is the hie facet for a public man. You would be pardoned for running away with a man's wife, or half a dozon wives ; you might steal the nrchbisliop's mitre and crook, as if belonging to the class of umbrella jiroperty, and not bo crossed ; hut to bo sent to gaol ! — that's anticipating being on tiro wrong side at tho Day of Judgment, Hence, why AI. Cnrvnlho is reported to be rapidly pushing forward the completion of his family sepulchre. Politics have been the only socinl menu served at tire tables alike of the great and the humble for a mouth, nnd for a month a kind of holy secular calm is expected. M. Legendre has seized the moment to bring out at tbe Cdeon Theatre a most successful adaptation of Shukspeare's Much Ado About Nothing. (Beaucoup de bruit pour rien .) It is splen didly interpreted; the Bnrd has not been at first smashed and then mosaiced, accordiug to a Frenchman's idea of what the divine William should have done. You feel Shakspearo has not been improved out of his play. Tho costumes and scenery ore magnificent, and tho music, specially written, is a beautiful frame for the whole comedy. The riles of Horo and her father, ratlier than thosa of Benedict and Beatrice, aro what the French most appreciate. The English colony is ruffled becauso Lord Lyons, after 20 yoars' residence in Paris as Pro testant ambassador, chose on resigning to go to tho other world, after 20 days' residence in Lon- dou, as a Roman Catholic. The arrival of Tommy Atkins with tbe Thirty-nine Articles or of Lord Lyons with the Syllabus as their respective credentials to the Recording Angel will have but little weight if thoir lives have not been in tbe right. There is no theology in lieaTen — that will be one of its delights. 