TIIE BLACK HOUSE INN. ( BY L, A. SAVORY I wna just sixteen when'I went to live with Mrs. Slcdmnn, -my father's distant cousin, who kept tho Nlack-Iiorse Inn on the Sondis field turnpike. , s . I- wna tho oldest o£; six children, nnd with so many little mouthsito fill it is no wonder that when Mr, Stedmau' .wrnto that she wanted a well brought up pirl ns, an assist ant, not as n servant, my parents gladly con sented to lot mo go, particularly as bIio was a renowned housekeeper, and had tlio reputa tion of making tho best pickles, preservers and homc-nindo witicj of anybody in nil tho country round about. My duties worn, to assist in tho sewing, keeping tho'nccpurits of the inn, any other light labwwhiuh was required. My father accompanied mo to D- nnd saw mo settled in tho mail coach, which passed through Sondisfield twice a week. It was bofore tho days cf rallroariB, and it was quite dark when wo drew tip to tho. " Black Horse,"whero the passengers wore to spend the niglit, Tho houso was largo, and situatod on tho high road .whero tho Sondisfleld tumpiko crossed tho road from Nowtown to War Chester. It had every convenience of yard nnd stable, n good garden, a fine orchard, and a largo farm attached. It stood on liiglf ground, nnd commanded a ■view for many a mile over tho country. The II mail-coach stopped over night there twico n week, beside, tho dally coach from Nowtown to Warcheater changed horses thorp, nnd all tho farmers on their way to market, peddlers and travellers, either on'horsebnck or in carriages, always stopped at tho " Dlack Ilorso," for rest and refresh ment. • Mrs. Stedinan was a tail, angular'woman of about sixty ; her hair, which was white aa snow, she worn parted high on.her head, un covered by l.iio cap which in tlioso dnys was universal, Shu had bright, black eyes and a high color, I have heard she was a con firmed opium cater, I think she had the most severe countenance I over saw, and one was careful of one's conduct beforo her. There was no gossip between the men nnd the maids at tho " lllaek Ilorso," | nnd woe betide tho luckless kitchen girl or stable boy who dared to laugh in her | presence, I bad heard her story before I camo. there. Sho was early feft a widow, with a beautiful daughter, whom aha idolised j but tlio sou and heir of a rich man from ft distant city, who camo to fish in the waters of the mill-dam, had induced her to elope with him j it was notsupposcd tlias he bad married Iler mother was a woman of high spirit, strict and proud. She never forgave the man or her daughter; it was said sue had returned their letters unopened. At all events, no one ever spoko oil Clava Stea man, nnd it had been more than fifteen years since the day when she fled with her young Mrs. Stedman was very kind to mo; but if I had been of a lively turn, as many girls of sixteen tiro, I'm afraid I should have found it pretty dull in the old house, nfter the cheer less November days camo on ; but I applied myself to lcar/iing how to make the various viands fon which the house was famous, and at-oilier times I hemmed towels and table linen; beside there was always the books to keep, which had to bo attended to every night. Mrs. Stcdman's room was a large ono up stairs, in an L of the house i there was a flight of stairs leading from it down to a large closet, between the kitchen nnd dining room. This closet was a sort of butler's pantry j in it were kept the best china and glassware, cutlery and table linen, and on the top shelves many of the preservers and jellies, A trap door led to the cellar below, where the wincB and other commodities were. I often sat at tlio old secretary in airs. Stedman's chamber casting up accounts or writing off rccipes. It was a curious old desk, filled with innumerable drawers and pigeon holes. She often opened the drawers and showed me their contents ; rare spices and drugs and essences j costly at the time of my story, and not common yet. Mixtures for taking out stains, powders for destroying moths, and a famous poison for killing rats, which she said was never known to fail. This was a white powder, securely sealed in a glnss bottle. I suppose now it was arsenic, but 1 did not know it then. I must have been in great favor with her or she would never have shown mo all these treasures, but I think it was because I exerted myself to learn housekeeping, was quiet and sober, and had no looks of levity, It was about the middle of November, The country fairs and festivals were over for the season, and travellers who had so often stopped at the " Black Ilorso " during the summer were few and far between now that the days were growing short and chilly. The stage coaches and an occasional horseman alone relieved the monotony, Mrs. Stedman had her apples and vegetables gathered, her corn harvested and husked, her cattle and swine killed and salted, We had fairly settled down for the Winters' quiet, when ono cloudy, cold day, which seemed to portend snow, as I was sitting close to the dining-room window doing some sewing, and Mrs. Stedman was in her; own room,"putting away the linon from the weekly wash, the sound of horse's hoofs made me look out upon the road, and there'I saw a gentleman mounted on a powerful gray horse, riding straight up to tho stablo door. As he dismounted, I saw ho was rather a handsome man, of about thirty-eight or forty. lie had a good-natured look, like ono who takes tho world easy, and at tho same timo there was a good deal of determination about his well shaped mouth. Ho walked in as if tho place wcro familiar to him, nnd asked if Mrs, Stedman were at homo and if ho could have dinner. Before I could answer either question, she came down stairs and received the gentleman with more ceremony and respect than I had over seen her bestow upon any ono. Judging from her manner, ho was an entiro stranger to her, I thought ho glancod sharply at her, at first, and then seemed satisfied; for he entered tho parlor, which sho opened for him, and in ft careless way flung himself down in an easy chair before tho fire, to await dinnor. Mrs. StcJman seemed greatly excited. Sho told mo to lay tho tablo with tlio best linen, silver and china, and went her self into tlio kitchen to suporintond Patty whllo sho cooked, tho meal, a thing sho seldom did for anybody, SI19 sent mo into tho cellnr for a bottle of tlio te-t wino it contained, nnd told mo to pour it into tlio nicest cut-glass decanter. I had an idea that sho bad discovered tho gentleman to be somo great personage—the governor, perhaps, travelling in disguise, nnd for tlint reason treated him with such respect. When tho tablo was all laid, anil tho dinner ready to bo sot upon it, Mrs. Stedman told mo to go apnin into tho cellar for ft certain famous pickle she kept there;'" I did as I was told, and bIio went up t.o her room. As I hnvo said before, there was ft trap door leading to the collar, in tho closet whore the stairs lending to her room wcro. It was not directly under them, and I suppose I was not gono so long as sho expeoted, for, as.I camo up with thepickiojar I saw horswiftly descend tho stairs with the senlcd-bottlo con taining tlio white powder lii her hands j and going to the tnblo shook n littlo of it into the wineglass,'and pouring somo wine out of tho decanter she filled the glass and called out to ,mo—still in the collar, as ,sho supposed, to. open the pavlor door, and,-say to tlio gentle man that dinner was served. Then " sho quickly went up to her room agoin. > I was so horrified at what Iiiad scon that, for a moment, I could notimove; > then—and Tshall never know what impelled me, somo' thing I could not help—I > rushed to tlio tablo, B'cb.ed tho wind, glass, and pitched it and its contents out of tho window. As I did so I heard ft slight noise near tho parlor door, and there stood tho gentleman observing mo. , . " And so that's her game, ia it?" ho said, half to himself. Ho stood silently for a moment, then ho turned to mo and said : . ' " I saw tho wholo of it, my girl j go and usk Mrs. Stodmnn to como here," I did ns sho bado ino, and presently she camo. • Her face was deadly pale, and her' blnck eyes had an unearthly brightness. The gcntloman drew a stop or two nearer, and said : », . " You recognise mo, I sco, Mrs. Stedman." " Don't I ?" she answered, in n low voico, .. Tlio gcntloman laughed, " 1£ I had partaken of your hospitality, my wife might havo been ft widow at tho hands of hor own mother." At these words I saw Mrs. Stedman change color. "Wifo?" sho faltered, " Yob, my honored wifo, and tho mother of my children — your daughter Clara. Of course I married her j I had' no intention of doing otlicrwiso. It was dono privately, to keep it from my father. If you had not been too cursedly proud to open her letters, you woiilil have know it long ago. By Goorgo! you'ro not going to faint 1" for Mrs. Slcdmnn sank down on tho floor without a word. I screamed, nnd tho cook nnd tho kitchen maid camo running in, nnd between us wo raised her nnd piaccd. her on tlio sofa; but presently sho started up. nnd wont to her own room, and wo hoard hor lock tho door. •, " Missus has scon a ghost,' tho kitclion maid snid. Tlio cook hinted darkly at "spasms," but Mr. Livingstone and I looked at each other without a word. ; 'iWell, I 8tipposo I can have my dinnor now," ho said, nt last, '• And I must.say ho ato It with ft bettor ap petite than I should have supposed possiblo under the circumstances, llo oven drank some of the wine, and praised its lino flavor. Toward sunset he roilo awnvjlenv'ng ^ note for Mrs. Stedmnn, Wo nil went iuwut our business, for work never slncked in that house, and the evening conch was expected. It came with the usual bustle of changing horses and getting supper for the passen gers ; but Mrs. Stedmnn did not appear, nor did we lienr from her until nearly noon the next day, when her bell rang, and the maid said Mrs. Stedmnn wnnted me. I went up to her room, and such a change I had not expected to see. Iler face wns as white as her hnir, nnd her hand shook visibly. She extended toward "mo a long knitted purse which was filled with gold. " Alice," she said, " you are a good girl; tnko this, and to-night when the 15 conch starts, go homo to your parents. I will take care tlmt no blamo is attnehed to you." " I don't want money, Mrs. Stedmnn, but I will go home if you will let me, and I tell no one but my fnthcr nnd mother," I said, ( She held out tlio purse and pointed to the door, and I left the room and hastily packed my trunk ; and when the coach was ready, got in and started for home. My parents were very much surprised when it set mc down at tho door, and thoy were still more astonished when I told my story, Mrs, Stcdman continued to keep the "Clack Horso Inn" ten years longer, when one morning she was found dead in her bed. She never visited her daughter, but I have heard that Olara and her children paBBcd a few weeks with her every summer. Mr. Livingston she never saw again. When her will was rend it was found that she had divided her property in equal shares between her eldest grandson Stcdman Livingston, nnd myself 