CHAPTER II . It was a scorching day before Christmas. Had there been any moisture in the bush it would have steamed in the heavy heat. During the mid- day hours not a bird stirred among the trees. All free things were at rest: but the penetrating click of the axe heard far through the bush, and now and again a harsh world of command, told that it was a land of bondmen. From daylight to dark, the convicts were at work on the roads the weary work that has no wages, no promotion, no incitement, no variation, except stripes for,the laggard. Along the verge of the Koagulup Swamp a party of convicts were making a government road. They were cutting their way into a forest only traversed before by the abori gine and absconder. " I tell you, mates," said one, resting on his spade," this is going to be the end of Moondyne Joe. That firing in the swamp last night was his last fight." " I don't think it was Moondyne", said another; " he's at work in the chain-gang at Fremantlc , and there's no chance of escape there----" " Sh-h" . interrupted the first speaker, a powerful, low-browed fellow, named Dave Terrell, who acted as a sort of foreman to the gang. The warder in charge of the party was slowly walking past. When he was out of hearing, Dave continued, in a low but deeply, earnest voice: "I know it was Mooudyne, mates. I saw him last night when I went to get the turtle's eggs. I met him beside the swamp." Every man held his hand and breath with intense interest in the story. Some looked incredulous- heads were shaken in doubt. " Did you speak to him ?" asked one., " Ay,"said Terrell," why shouldn't I? Moondyne knew he had nothing to fear from me, and I had nothing to fear from him." "What did you say to him ?" asked another. " Say?- I stood and looked at him for a minute, for his face had a white look in the light, and then I walked up close to him, and I says-'Be you Moondyne Joe, or his ghost?'" "Ay ?" said the gang with one breath. " Ay, I said that never fearing for Moondyne Joe ,dead or alive, would never harm a prisoner. "But what did he answer ?" asked the eager crowd. " He never said a word ; but he laid this finger on his lips, like this, and waved his hand as if he warned me to go back to the camp. I turned to go; then I looked back once, and he was standing just as I left him, but he was looking up at the sky, as if there was some'at in the moon that pleased him." The convicts worked silently, each thinking on what he had heard. " He mightn't ha' been afraid though," said low-browed Dave ; " I'd let them cut my tongue out before I'd sell the Moondyne." " That's true,' said several of the a gang, and many kind looks were given to Terrell. A strong bond of sympathy, it was evident, existed be- tween these men and the person of whom they spoke. A sound from the thick bush interrupted the conversation. The convicts looked up from their work, and beheld a strange procession approaching from the direction of the swamp. It consisted of about a dozen or fifteen persons, most of whom were savages. In front rode a sergeant, and a private trooper, side by side, with drawn swords ; and between their horses, manacled by the wrists to the stirrup irons walked a white man. " Here they come," hissed Terrell, with a bitter curse. "They haven't killed him, after all. O, mates what a pity to see a man like Moondyne in that plight." " He's done for two or three of 'em," muttered another, in a tone of grim gratification. "Look at the loads behind. I knew he wouldn't be taken this time like a cornered cur." Following the prisoner came a troop of "natives" bearing three spearwood litters with the bodies of wounded men. A villainous- looking savage, mounted on a troop-horse brought up the rear. His dress was like that of his pedestrian fellows, upon whom, however, he looked in disdain --a short boka, or cloak of kangaroo skin, and a belt of twisted fur cords round his naked body. In addition, he had a police-trooper's old cap, and a heavy " regulation" revolver stuck in his belt. This was the tracker, used by the troopers to follow the trail of absconding prisoners. When the troopers neared the convict party, the sergeant a man with a frightful scar across his face, asked tor water. The natives halted, and squatted silently in a group. The wounded men moaned as the litters were lowered. Dave Terrell brought the water. He handed a pannikin to the ser geant and another to the private trooper, and filled a third. " Who's that for ?" harshly demanded the sergeant. " For Moondyne," said the con vict, approaching the chained man, whose neck was stretched toward the brimming cup. " Stand back, curse you " said the sergeant, bringing his sword flat on the convict's back. " That scoundrel wants no water. He drinks blood." There was a taunt in the tone, even beneath the brutality of the words.? " " Carry your pail, to those litters," growled the sinister-looking sergeant, "and keep your mouth closed, if you value your hide . There" he said in a suppresed voice, flinging the few drops he had left in the face of the manacled man, "that's water enough for you, till you reach Bunbury prison to- mor row." The face of the prisoner hardly changed. He gave one straight look into the sergeant's eyes, then turned away, and seemed to look far away through the bush. His 'self-command evidently irritated the brutal officer, who perhaps expected to hear him whine foe better treatment. The sergeant dismounted to ex amine the handcufft, and, while doing so, looked in the man's face with a leer of cruel exultation. He drew no expression from the steady eyes of the prisoner. There was an old score to be set tled between those men, and it was plain that each knew the metal of the other. " I'll break that look," said the sergeant between his teeth, but loud enough for the prisoner's ear. "Curse you, I'll break it before we reach Fremantle." Soon after he turned away to look to the wounded men. While so engaged, the private trooper made a furtive sign to the convict with the pail, and he, keeping in shade of the horses, crept up and gave Moondyne a deep drink of the precious water. The stern lines withdrew from the prisoner's mouth and forehead; and as he gave the kindly trooper a glance of gratitude, there was a strangely gentle and winning look in the face. The sergeant returned and mount ed. The litters were raised by the natives, and the party resumed their march, striking in on the new road that led to the prison. " May the lightning split him," hissed black-browed Dave, after the sergeant, "There's not an officer in the colony will strike a prisoner without cause, except that coward, and he was a convict himself." " May the Lord help Moondyne Joe this day," said another, for he's chained to the stirrup of the only man living that hates him." The sympathising gang looked after the party till they were hidden by a bend of the road; but they were silent under the eye of their warder. 