NOTES IN PARLIAMENT. The other day we wrote that, bar! acci dent, it was now assured that the present session would prove oue of peace and pro gress. An accident, however, has happened —one of those unaccountable political earth- quakes which when Sir Henry Parkes is in power aro always to bo apprehended. They ,come without any premonitory indications whatever, and are always most to be feared when the atmosphere is quietest. Everything was going on as smoothly as conld be wished ; if the financial debate had been oiled before hand it could not have run with less friction, and there was nothing to stop the trium phant passing of tho Estimates when last night Sir Henry Parkes gave notico of a motion whioli will inovitably tend to discredit tho Government in the country. It is certain to interrupt the course of the financial business and stir up political' mud in which the Government may deem them selves lucky if they escapo suffocation. We refer to the motion given notice of as soon as the House met last night for sending a man on a two years' tour round the world at £1500 per annum and travel ling expenses, finding out how railways are run. People will draw their' own .conclu sions as to what this audacious piece of political wantonness means. Any school boy conld tell at tho first guess who the extraordinary billet thus proposed to be created is intonded for. No practical result is expected from hlB tour, because just now we have, after muoh deliberation, put our railways under, what is considered the best management that money can pro-, cure. Surely it is not intended that Mr. Eddy and his colleagues will sit down and twiddle their thumbs for the next two years until wo send a man abroad to learn nil about running railways nnd come back nnd tell them how it is done. But hero is tho evil of tho thing. Suppose tho Com mission choose lo take the Government seriously in this matter and to consider their hands tied until this travelling commisioner returns to instruct them in the art of rail way workiug. One effect the resolutions must have, whether carried or not. They will throw discredit on the Commission. They practically amount to a charge of ignorance against them made by tho man who had their appointment nnd selection. Tho Premier also gavo notico of a motion, tho effect of which is to stand by Queens land in its struggle with Downing-strect for the full right of constitutional self-govern ment. Under the regime of tho late cocked- hat party such a resolution would have been scouted from tho business paper as a treasonous attempt to advance tho in terests of Australia at tho open risk of " embarrassing " our gracious lord and master, tho Secretary of State for the Colonics. But times have changed, and as soon as the motion wns tabled last night Mr. Fletcher, from tho Opposition bonches, sang out to tho Premier, " Hurrah 1 this is the noblest work of your life." Hut Mr. Dibb9 and the other forlorn remnants of tho cooked-hat party remained dumb as dead fishes. Private business occupied tho paper for last night, and none of it wns of special importance. It was prefaced by a good deal of small talk, Mr. Melville's voieo sounding highest in the chatter. He has got a talo to unfold next Thursday night, so I10 warned the Premier, which will freeze tho marrow in tho House's bones. Ho will relate it under n motion for adjournment (and dressed in professional costume, we would suggest), and its leading incident will be the theft of a hearse, tho appearanco of a ghost in a hospital ward, a fight between two hospital attendants, and the unlawful riding of a buck-jumper in tho middle of a lot of typhoid patients. When we think of Thursday we simply shudder. There was no debate until a' hill was reached standing 011 the paper in the namo of Mr. Lee.- Sir. Lee hns now been in Par liament a long while without making any sign, just basking in the political sunshine as happy and as contented as n Bleeping lizard on a Tenterfieid log. But all this time, without anybody suspecting it, he has been profoundly cogitating upon tho state of public affairs, . nnd last , night ho rose after this mature deliberation to stato that what the country wanted wns more facility for prosecuting perjurers. Under our present criminal law n prosecution for perjury can only bo initiated by tho direc tion of a judge. Mr. Lee wanted to have the law altered so as to extend that power to justices of tho peace, irrespective of whether they were men who could spell or otherwise. All tho lawyers rose in mingled surprise and indignation to protest ngniust Mr. Leo of all other men putting his finger in what they considered their exclusive pic. incy auvisca him to withdraw the bill nnd not meddlo with mntters that only lawyers could under stand. Tho present arrangement suits them very well, aud that, they submitted, ought to bo enough. If you want to move a judge against a perjured witness, of course you must employ a solicitor aiid a barrister, but if you ouly had to approach a magistrate you might, get at him yourself or by tho inter vention of a solicitor alone. Mr. Wise, Mr. O'Mara and tho rest of them, therefore, could not see how the present arrangement was to be improved upon, but Mr. J. 1'. Abbott, who does not like " tho other branch," would like to seo it altered. Mr. O'Sullivan thought the bill must be a good one because all tho lawyers were against it, but Mr. Leo allowed him self to be influenced by the legal gentlemen nnd dropped it. Having thus wasted so much time Mr. Lee retired to his political log on the sunniest part of the Government benches and is now basking as peacefully as before. There was another repetition of tho old debate on the question of distributing tho Bulli Belief Fuud, Mr. Melville, as usual, having must to say. His charges against some of the persons who have the handling of tho money are cortainlv such as ought to be investigated, and it is difficult to conceive what motive Mr. Gould and his followers could have had in opposing the pro posal for referring tho matter to a Select Committee so vehemently as they did Inst night. They sat in a woeful minority, however, when the division came, Mr. Melville giving tho Government, who supported Mr. Gould, a somewhat heavy fall. The rest of tho night was occupied in discussing Mr. Carruther's motion for giving municipal log-rollers one last big pull at tbe public Treasury before tho Local Govern ment Bill compels them once for all to pro vide for themselves. The indomitable little Canterbury man made a long and desperate effort to politically pick the Treasury lock, and eventually succeeded in accomplishing the first stage by tbe casting vote of the Speaker. . 