"HER" SPHERE. -o- Br A HIu. From lthe "Speculum." ;(Continued.) SThe lament of Priscilla _ ' It is the fate of a woman Long to he patient and silent, to wait like a ghost that is speechless Till some questioning voice dissolves the spell of its silence; Hence is the inner life of so many suffering women Sunless and silent and deep like subterranean rivers oRunning through caverns of darkness, unheasrd, unseen and unfruitfuol, Chafing their channels of stone with endless and proitless murmurs" is just. It has long been thus. Let women receive the same education as men, let their minds le trained, let their reflective faculties be cultivated that they may be competent in all things to form an opinion, and allowed to speak their minds ; with 0. W. Holmes I would say " Would that the heart of woman warmed our creeds." The world would have been better to.day had woman been allowed to stand in her proper place, and as it is, muchl of the good that is in the world is dise to her influence ; how many men who have lived the noblest lives have received the strength that enabled them to tread the path of right throsgi t1ho agency of ai motlher's mind and heart; and this is what I desire to conme to-tlheo noblest institution on earth is thle famnily-the nation is lbut a large family, the church in its highest aspect is the same, and in the family it is that woman reigns supreme. The function of child-bearing has been relegated to her-it has its trials, but has it not also great blessings, is it not a mighty privilege to have the moulding of the young when they are as plastic as clay, rea ;:y impressible by their environment, of which shae fornms the chief part? Could the function be relegated to man, well and good, then women might go into the arena of everyday public life to cope with the shams there to be met with, and strive for the daily bread, But this is impossible; the All-wise chooses for any work that which is best fitted for that work, and woman has been chosen for the above, and if she does her duty, having herself been fitted for it by the best possible education-physical, mental, and moral-then who will deny that hers is the highest, the noblest office in the working out of the destiny of humanity, and having done her duty," her children arise up and call her blessed," for " In wisdom's ways Her house she sways." And so finally, if we admit;what has been already claimed, I think we shell likewise see that with regard to the moving of women in the public sphere -those occupations and positions should be open to her, which; occupied temporarily, will the better fit her for fulfilling the position nature calls her to occupy. But, some critic may say, what of those women who have exceptional ability? are they to have their powers limited by being com pelled to move only in the home circle- shall they not be allowed to compete with man? To this there is sufficient answer in the closing words of the lecture by Dr. Jamieson to which I have alluded,. and with the following extract I shall conclude:-" It will be an evil day for the human race when the most energetic and intelligent women lhabitually devote themselves to such pursuits, and deliberately decide not todo their part in the perpetuation of the species, and the transmission to posterity of the qualities with which they are themselves endowed, for it is only on that condition that women can hope to take a large share in the practice of medicine or any other of the more laborious professions." 