OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. .Now that that extraordinarily ghost like combination, the country party, has dis. covered that, as I have been saying all along, the Ministry had not the least'idea of what the Electoral Bill was likely to look like when finished. They have ceased pestering Mr. Gillies to tell them more than he knew, and have resolved themselves into a standing committee of three. Mischievouspeople say that the "country party" consists only of the two North Easterners with an odd man in now and again ti prevent their feeling lonely; but I confess though, as Hamlet says, " these things I do most powerfully and potently believe, yet I count it not honesty. to have thus set down." It-has always been a puzzle to me why it is that all attempts to form a country party" fail, for there is great scope of political action for such; an association. Some day a 'smart man, with keenness enough to appreciate hlow nicely the country ,representatives playdd• off- ceiverly against the town ones counld be minide the stalking,horse to success, will get into Parliament, organise these men of diverse views who yet have. so many interests in common, attain the Premier ship and achieve such a, work :in the development of the country districts, and in restraining, for, a few years the rapacity of the oct -pus Melbourne, that his name will be -honored and a future political position be assured 'to him. Had he been a more ambitious man, with. greater, glibness of tongue, Mr. Anderson olfKoroit, might have filled this role and have made himself indis-. pensible to' every Government that hereafter ruled Victoria." But his ambitions scent not? the wind of sush pastures ; he better loves the rural scenes where- , "? Thedandelionsand bdtittcbnp Gild all the lawns, the drowsy bee s Stumbles among the clover tops. oO unestingcabirds andbe s,:a:dt. rig i o g face of Nature, always true, f 0 Onever nnsympathisinstrees, its: \- o never rejectie g root of blue ... . WYhose wrest dsperision neverfalls O Onus, unthtinmg prodigals.:. ,: z .' Ylot who eonvitest all our ill, d So grandand smppcosable. '" ,. Curious are the conventionalities of..'social life. In' cheery old' England where the domestic instincts are strong and ruling, it has been from time immemorial-a' fashion to give one year, of life to mourn for the dead ones nearly connected with us who had succumbed by our sides as'we strode` n' in the race of life. The year of mourning was not literally spenut in sackcloth and ashes but there" was' 'alwav6 ian': abstenlion for a vca? at least from public amusement and- from those fleshly btfashionable lusts which it is said !" war against the soul." 1 am not contending that this is the moes salutary custom; or that in thaes': dyay of living hard 'and fast it is ?eise to exhaust twelve months of' life id'nianife.ting; 'cut wardly; an iunavailing' regret,' but I admit I was a bit' surprised at an, incident which' happened in' fashionable"'circles recently. Invitations had been' issued' for itlarge ball, but a few nights before the looked forward-to event;??the mistress .f' thed house-i: lady, young and beautiful-died. 'The boll had of course to be postponed, but tosome peoplle of English notions it came with somewhat of a shock to learn from the cards' that" in consequence' of the 'demise of 'the lady in question th' festivity had been deferred for \--one s ee:l ." It seems a hideous farce in the face of a half million national surplus of company formation day by day, in an era of huge buildings and lavish contracts, to talkatout having , to provide relief-work for ithe unemployed.' But the regular old approach of- winter-clamorers, led by the ~lregular stereotyped leaders, have been, at it again; demanding the State five bob a day, with tools gratis. Two of. these lazy hulks went to the Railway 'Department bo im othei?-'dy, and the reply one of them gavet to a query put to him let -flood of light in on the spuriousness of the whol me moment. ";Hd •f' course professed to:be starving, but would accept nothing but work on his own terms. with tools given in. He had of course tried everywhere, but could 'find no empljoyment worthy of his acceptance in the city. " But did you ask for work," qseried his interlocu thr." "Applidd for work," hercplied;, 'aint we been agittinai for it for. the last fort night!" 'Just so;' agitatlni for 'it. It would- be difficult more neatly to define the situation. When I was a little boy my father;t6ught me that races were an institution of men for encouraging the breed' of horses." -Butiriy father,' I fear, lhad not the same tastes as myrten year olds; who- devourthe Sydney Referee and the Melbourne Sportslemns, vsho know 'more eabot the foaling time of every animallthat:ihas'cst'a 'guresn thetturf than I:do'abot. poetriy ; who cas tell to a pound, the exact weight ' of \Whistler,' Connor, Cannon:or Dinnie at each'of their big wrestling contests and 'who express critical doubts of the great:J. L. S himself'is not a bit of a shy-cock. If racing is an institution for encouraging the breed of horses. the meet of theMelbourne Hunt Club should be surely the particular' day oiit' for gentleman riders, and yet, at the last' meeting of that "institution for encouraging the. breed of horses," three out of the 'five' events were won by bookmakers, and not a' single winning horse was ridden by an amateur rider. -.. 