Italian occupation OjF 'Massowah.;: T1IU VIEWS 01' F11ANCE. pjg ' Paiiis, Aug.. 3. 'w diplomatic noto lias boon issued by M. Ipublet, Minister for -Foreign Aflairs,. in which ®he btates that tho Italian G overnmont liavo not .Subserved the rules laid- down and agroecl to by '/ifhc Powers at tho Berlin Conference. . 5 |®| 'J'lie despatch of M. -Cnspi, 'the Italian Pi-o- 5?mioi, liotifvniff tho annexation - of ; Massowah, yjfp.is, M. Goblet states, tho first intimation 10- Senedhy the Fiench Government, that such a'fh step Was contemplated, and tho note concludes pb stating tli.it, m "tlie opinion of tho Fiench .'AG oi eminent, tho capitulations of tho tioaty will ifSromain in force until such tunc as Italy bliall comply thoiowith. London, August 4 ggi The statement niado that a 'meeting li id been lljjiiiiaiiged to take place botweonHoi Majostyitlie' mQucen and i tho Enipefoi' William at Baden on Sbeptember 30 lias been officially contradicted. ' 'The ' Rifornia' statos that Zqlla w as annexed iWby the Italian Govemmont at tho uigent roquest !jof the liativos: i , - 1 ' < , I WL t0U'3'0 sculling race has taken 'place at «||S u itoga for the championship of the world bo- igtw con Gaudaur and M'Kay . and v Toomor; and /jSll iiiini. After an . exciting race Gaudaur- and; jjgM 1 Kay dofoatod their opponents. .Sjg The United Statos Senate' -has appointed a- ' "icommittoe to inquire into/'fb -i-'oHtions and Lgeilcct of tho Canadian railway system- 'upon,' the, gfoiugn trade and commorco of America. It is jgassei-ted that the subsidised, mail, steamers are importing hordes of Oliinosd' into Canada, and d thoy afterwards '.croSSx'tlioi ibordoiv.mto 'lAmu-ica. . 'I- V Q Tlie report of , tho Pan- Anglican Conforonco,' Unch lias boon sitting- at Lafjiboth,. has boon pulilished. Tlio coiiferenco has resolved that litlio Anglican Church will nqt recognise divorce unless adultery has beon proved-,1 and the church Mwill refuse to roiparry the-.giylty party con- iACuned in the divorce. Tlie conforonoo has also gbkciited tlitifc no polygamist shall.be admitted to. M iptism in connection witli tho missions of tho mluuch. The roport approves of the suggestion jthut tlio leading bishops of the colonies should Stdve tho tifld l of archhisliop, i hut no aotual Jgdecision has been como to on tlio qupstion. , -: I# Torriblo distress prevails m -Montenegro.- jf Recent roports stjitcs that no less, than 40,000 gpi-isons thore are dopondont on charity for sub-- Sblbttllce. " Ml Tlie law committoo of tlio Houso of Lords has 4 c I'icelled the olauso whioh liad bceniinsertod im ill A"cnc.y !U1(I Trusteos, Liability, Bill, pornut- if ting tho invostmont of trust .funds in colonial igstocks. 1 | :. . 1 ''10 r?port which' was /recoiyod from the; liout, to tlio eflbot that tlio rebelj olfief Dihizulu, surrendered' to .tho British ''force undor tho. i C0ln'11!ind of Gonpral Smy tli, proves : tp bOi.tyith-j rjmt foundation. : It is gbnorftlly holioved that ho . n ib ellceted his cscapo' into tho Transvaal. s " 5|r. Mooro,,. tho, JRoihan Catholic, Bishop of : miiarat, iiitqnds .'."soiling from England op bis -1 "Urn journoy to Victoria in Octobor.; .. He has ui.mgod to establish ordors of tlio Sisters'- of iViAiveth and Fathors of tho Congrogation of the i I-Ioly Ghost in Ballarat. ; iho Quakors aro .sending a delegate to Aus tralia on a peaoo mission, it is announced that Germany has established Marshall Gla' Vr onBan'' Isi'md, ip thp At a mooting of, the varioiiB. gold-mining com panies formed in London to work" tlio' roofs at Etheridgo, QuoonskhdfH it -J was rcsolvbd to amalgamate tho whole! of tho companies into ones concfarn. ; : ; , ! Tile Rov. Mr Huntor," minister at Stornoway, ; in the island of Lewis, "'who' reconUy reoeivod a letter, from Mi's Jessie. Campboll Browne, of Sydpey, ' offering ' pecuniary : assistance towards! tlio sending out of 1,000 oroftor families, tb Now; South' Wales,' !has 'replied ' that .ho is uiiahlo to: entomih'' the proposal, until ho roeoives, details as tpvthe measiiros intended to lib abbptod for their;settlement in tho colony. . x .. . ; A clerk named Grant has boon 'sehtonbed to five years' imprisonment, on a : charge ,'pf having forged the name of Mr R. Barr Smith, of Ade-; laidej.to two lettors of credit for L200., ... j Aj jfiroj which' ; has, iocciirrcd t in ajlibus in thoi Bowery,' Now York, has resulted in TS'fpersoiiSj being killed. Several, others received' serious mjtiries;';?./ "f ','5 W Wjs SJ . ; An/'eruptibn has J taken j place j hi !tlie "island ofi Strombblii/bff.flieinorth cbast';pf,;(3ibily,t which is? reported to be doing an immense amount of; damage. The island1 of Stromboli consists1 entirely 'Of "a? single volcanic; mountain;, which: rises to aTieigliiiof '-2j500ft;;' and frbm' the top' of; whibh siiioke and' flame's are! cbntinually, ; ascend ing, sending. rayB of light over biich'an immense space that the mouhbimihns:receiVed:ithe name of the lighthouse pf tlie Moditerraiiean. . (It .often makes Idud explosions and scn'ds forth stones and ashes, but no proper eruption lias previously taken place for nearly 2,000 years. " 