[Continued from Saturday's Supfle . . mekt.] • tri 3 eiqhr ' op translation is ke3eryEd SABINA ZEMBKA. —e A Novel. BY WILLIAM BLACK. •Author Macleod of Dare," Princess of Thule," etc. CHAPTER LI.* At a Picture Show. Walter Lindsay neither let nor sold-his t town House and studio. On all sides he ; >aV informed that the most skillful oculists •in the world were to be found in London ; ' and When the time was drawing nigh for ;<the operation. for cataract to be; performed ; ha repaired thither.' Nor did Jailio and ' Philip and Sabina leave him much chance ■ to sink into a nervous apprehension and • gloom. Nearly every oyeriing they went -round-to his studio ; for Sabina was staying with these good friends just then ; and Lind say and they were near neighbours. Some times Sabina.- took to him, or sent him, flowers. It was a fair exchange. " 0 dinna ye mind, love Gregory, When we sate at the wine, How we changed the napkins frae our . necks ?-— It's no sae latig siiisj'ne." I nher time of trouble he had shown hor a kindness that she treasured in her inmost heart ; and now it was her turn, in a smaller but in no unwilling way, to pay him all lands of little attentions and send him daily remembrances. They were not undervalued "by the recipient of them. During the week of suspense that followed the operation, Janie was terribly anxious ; Sabina much less so. Tndeed, hor apparent or schooled indifference not only surprised Janie, but pained her ; and 6he ventured to remonstrate. ; " Even if the worst should happen," Sabina said, calmly, " I am quite prepared ; 'for it ; it will not be so very dreadful." • " Sabie ?—have you no regard for his fame as a painter?" \- -"I Have .a. greater regaril for his. love, was the answer (these two being 'alone'to-; gather-at the time). ■ " What do you mean, Sabie.? Would you rather have him always dependent on you— ■ is that what you mean ? 'It can't he-that you imagine, if He were to recover, his eye-: .sight, he would care Jor -you .any-the less, when you know quite well-that'never in all your life were you looking as pretty as you; are now—that,can't be it ?" • " Janie, don't talk as if my interests, should be thought of atall," Sabina answered., " O course, if Walter gets- back his sight,1 •that will be a joyful day for all of us. But if it isn't to ho—well, we "will do What we: can to mako his life pleasant for him ; and I for orio am not going to be downcast, even; at the worst."- ' ' Buts ho was hardly under such good control on the momentous day when the examination: was to be riiade. " She and Phillip and Jatiie "were all in the house ; the doctor was in the room upstairs, It had been hinted to them' that, as far as it was possible for medical 'skill to judge, there was every reason to believe that the operation would prove to have boon successful ; but not- withstanding that, Janie was very visibly agitated, and Sabina, though holding herself in restraint, seemed to be listening intently, as if for some footfall on the stair, and she started at the smallest sound. Janie, indeed, could not keep still. She went from one place to another. Not a word was spoken by any of then. At last she left the room, and crept noiselessly up the staircase, and hung about tiie landing. S'ie could hear them speaking within ; surely those voices wore choerful enough ? Suddenly the door wa3 opened. " Guod-bye for llio presont!" " You'll toll them, doc'.or?" "Oh1 yes; they're waiting below—they won't have left, depend on it." Then he shut the door; arid the next moment was confronted in the dusk by this poor, timorous, apprehensive, speechless ghost. , "Oh, it's all right," said lie. " Very satisfactory indeed." Janie fiew down the steps—how,, she could never afterwards understand—aud rushed into the room. " Sabie! Sabie!" And then her arms were round Hor friend's neck, and she was kissing her oa one cheek, and the other cheek, again, and again, and again. It was all the message she could deliver—but it wa.3 understood between those two. . . ■ Ai'Jong lime after that^-last:Jane, indeed —it announced that on a certain day there vould be opened in Bond-street an •exhibition of water-colour drawings and sketches, chiefly of the River Shannon; and on the previous Saturday there was a Private View, at which a large number of the artist's friends were assembled. It was a goodly display, considering that most of the series had leeu produced within eighteen months —through some of the drawings were of an earlier date. It was one of these other ones that seemed to have caught the fancy of a noble and gracious lady who would insist on Lindsay going round the room with hor; and so profuse were her praises that in order to get away from them, he said:— " Yes. I like that one mvself—for ^ just underneath those trees that I caught a twenty-eight pound salmon." " Really now!" said this good lady " How vory interesting! Twenty-eight pounds—that unust have been a large fish. What did you .do v.'kh it?'1. "I sent It to Sabina Zembra. , •» Sabina Zembr-1?" she said, inquiringly. " Who is that?" " Don't you know? Thera she is—r-rover 111 that corner—talking to the little old gentle man witU the oaf trumpet," said Lindsay, looking towards a tall young woman in a dress of silver-grey plush, with a. beefeaters hat of the same material, and with ono deep crimson rose at her breast. ■J- I " But that is your wife!" said this noble person,peering through her eye- gjawoti. "Ah, j gee that was her name, was it? What a very extraordinary present to send a young " What else could I send her—from the Shannon;11 he askod. Ai> this moment Janio came along. " It's all right," she said, in ail undertone; " Phil has beau down to some place iu Pic cadilly and got a room where we shall be by ourselves. Sabie and I will follow whenever ■we mc you going to the door. And Phi I ijj waiting outside." ' The consequence of this manoeuvre was that, a fe'.v minutes ~ thereafter these four vrero seat at luucli in a private rooni of a well-known restaurant; and they seemed rather glad of this-respite from their public duties. " When I first thought of having an ex hibition of this kind," Lindsay said, " my wildest hope was that that young woman -there would condescend to come to tl^o private view. I little expcctod to see her ■mistress of the, show." " I assure you that it is renVarkably nice," •Sabina said.* -'" You've: no idea ..what,pretty .-things hare bpen said to me this rnrorning. And do you think I was going to make any protest? That wouldn't have been business like. I felt far more inclined to say:—Good gentleman, or pretty lady, your opinion is quiter correct ; and will you buy? "You mercenary wretch! However, we've little cause to complain on that score ; and I mean to make our holiday' this year a thoroughgoing one. I suppose you have got everything ready for Monday morning, Philip—rods and nets and everything?" "Yes, I think so." j "Oh," continued Lindsay, '- I heard a pretty story about you the last time I had to run down to Wigtonshire. The boy Jamie says that when you were fishing from the boat you were continually catching up on the gunwale behind you. Now how did you manage that?. You must have doubled the flies right behind. And do you know you were whisking them past people's faces?" " Can the boy Jamie use a rod himself?" Mr. Philip asked.- ■ , •' Oh, yes Jitmie can throw a fly." . " Then perhap3 it would have been better for the young ruffian to have giveii;me some advice instead of treasuring up a tale about it.'.' .. " Nevermind, we'll, show you how to lift your line behind you when we're all j back in Galloway again. Yes, and there's ; some nobler sport for you, my lad, when we go on (.o Cromarty ; wait till you find your self fighting a thirty- pounder—then Janie will have to be by to give a scream whon you bring 111rn to bank." Coffee and cigars were brought in; but the little party could not idle hore much longer ; the artist had to go back to receive his pat rons and friends. As they were going down stairs he said:— , " Look here, Mr. Phil, I rcckon' I shall see you to-morrow some time or other ; but if I don't, mind you come,a bit early on Monday morning. Euston Station, 9-45, that's the watchword ; and then—" Take your seats forth® North!" It only remains to be added that Sir Anthony Zembra,. who has at length had the honour of office conferred on him, came to the show that afternoon ; and was vastly complimentary. At the dinner tables which he adorns with' his handsome presence, ho is quite fond of talking of his son-in-law ; and at the last banquet of the It lyal Academy, on being called 011 to answer for the House of Commons, he nade pointed reference to his own personal and immediate association with art. T/te Knd. 