THE. HOUSE ON THE CORNBR. BY GEORGE DOW?ING SPAnks. It was Christmas Eve. And as I trudged ,along, . in company with my cousin Tom, I felt decidedly low- spirited. WIe h.d atrrted out to look for lodgings, but as yet had found none to our liking. To add to our discom .fort, it ha1d begun: to rain' and' the drizzling mist slowly but surely penetrated our thick coats. A disagreeable night, truly. One :that did not all coincide with the season. I was a commercial travelle' for a 'large house, and we were tramping through the streets 'of London. " I had met a disappoint ment in-not being able to stay' over night at my'unle'5, but 'as I had come so unex pectedly, and the house beiig already full, I was forced, for the night, at lea.t, to look up -some lodgings. We had passed several squares, and were about tob pass a large coirner house, when my eyes caught the fords ' odgins to l:t ,' dis played in one of its windows. S.topping short, I turned to my companion and said : ' Let us go in and see if I can get suited ' It seems td be the very place we are in search of, and it is also near your house.' What more could'be desired ' I noticed my companion did not share my enthusiasm, and raised some trivial objections which' I "thought were trange and out of place. I laughed them down and:asked him "to tell me truly why lie didl not wish me to pitch my tent in .that quarter. ' Perhaps,' he replied,' ' what I'm going to tell you will cause you considerable amuse ment, but, rest assured, I tell it for your own good. That is the celebrated ' house on the corner' which ~you. no: doubt, have heard ..about. It is haunted, and I advise you most earnestly not to attempt to pass a night in it. A gentlemin tried it a year or two ago, and came ou.t'insane. ' At lea-t, soit is commonly reported and believed in this neighbourhood. I could with difficulty refrain from smiling during this recital, and answered that it was the one ambition of my' life to sleep in a haunted house, and, if I had no other reason to bless my trip to England, this one, of pass ing a night in a real haunted house, would b' amply sufficient. 'What is the legend connected with the place I inquired. 'Well,' he retorted, ' if you will stop laughing, I will tell you.' SUdrin promising, he proceeded : The house is haunted by a man, some say a woman, who every night is seen walking about in full. evening dress. The family who lived in the house originally ~onsisted of an old man and his wife, with their one daughter. The young lady was reported to be engaged to be married; but one night, at a large" party given in her honour at that same house, she suddenly disappeared, and 'no trace of her whlereabouts was ever dis covered. "The broken-hearted ',father and mother left the place soon after, and it was then placed in the hands of an old servant, 'who has continued to take charge of of it up to the present time. The old fellow occa L~t P" - sionally lets out lodgings , but .not ften, for people fear the house.' Before my cousin had ceased speaking I had firmly made up my mind, come what would, to pass a night in the haunted house. So I told him it was my fixed and unalterable determination .to pay my respects to the ghost or ghosts who inhabited that splendid corner house. Making--him promise, there fore, not to mention at home where I was staying, for fear it would only needlessly alarm the .family, I shook hands and we parted.. Mounting the steps, I rang the bell of the house by ghostly revels haunted. I noticed a. light in the basement. 'So,' I thought, ' the old man still con tinues to inhabit it.' After repeated knockings, accompanied with violent pulls at the bell, the door finally opened, and .1 saw, standing on.the threshold an old' man who surlily asked me r:hat.I wanted. I told him I was a stranger look ing for rooms, and seeing ' Lodgings to let' exhibited in the window had come in, and hoped to make arrangements for staying a day or.two. O)r.-business was soon completed, ,and I asked him to be so good as to show me to my room. Closing the door, he struck a match and lighted a candle. Bidding me follow, he pro ceeded up the amyle staircase. I followed the old,fellow into a room on .the second story. He lit the candles which stood upon the mantelpiece, and.then brought some wood -for the night, though warm, was damp. When I was alone I began to look.aro.;nd to see into what kind of a place I had come. I I.found the room a large one, with plenty of windows and a fireplace, although, an apart ment which, if not handsomely, was most comfortably afurnished. Among the articles of futrpiture was one which parti~alarly attracted my attention. It vas" aa large mirror which stood .rectly facing the door. It was an 'old-fashioned ipake, yet exceeding handsome-one, i should judge, that had been a good many years in 1 had almost completed my survey .when I heard the steps of the old man returning with the wood. I determined to go and meet him. .Opening the door, I passed into the,. hall. All was silent and dark. Thinking iat a light would be a great impove.r:et, I turned back and took a candle from the mantelpiece. As I did so, I sap, or fanpied I saw, a shadow cross the uirror. FLew very odd ! What could have produced it. Thus reflecting upon the strange occurrence, I went slowly out into the )iall. The old man .by:this'time bad reached tlhe door of my room. i It has blown .up colder,' he said, ' and I have brought up a double supply for you-' But in his confusion he dropped one bundle. With a ' beg pardon, sir,' he,took the remain ing wood into my room. After thro~wing it upon the hearth. he moeved .towrds ,th d.oor to pick up the fallen pieces. 'Let me help you,' I said. 'No, thankee, Sir,' came the answer, which; however, in nowise hindered ipe.from doing what I desired-engaging him in con versation. a' Been -here long x' I asked, as I picked,upi a piece of the refractpry wood. " 'Going on twnelve years,' he,replied. .' aBe many lodgers .?' 'No, sir.; not many.' 'Then I am-your only lodger at present !' I inquired. 'You are the only one, sir. This time of year is not good for lodging-house keepers.' A palpable falsehood, for I knew London was overflowing. However, all further con versation was cut short, for the last piece had been' gathered, and together we once more entered the room. A fire was quickly lighted, and a cheerful warmth soon pervaded the room. Under its enlightening influence I grew still more lo quacious, and addressed many questions to the old servant, to all of which he replied in chilling monosyllables. Finally, I grew dis gusted, and stopped. What I learned was only what I had heard from Tom, with the exception of the ghost story , so I will not weary the reader with repeating it. After the fire had fairly started, the old retainer, with a ' Good-night, sir,' left me. I felt somewhat lonely after his departure; but throwing the feeling off, I began to make preparations for the night. I first went to the door and examined the lock; for I had always made it a rule, in my many travels, to carefully examine my surroundings prior to retiring. So I began with;the lock, and sub jected it to a careful- examination. It ap peared to be a tolerably strong one. Then thutting the door, I turned the key and made a circuit of the room. In the investigation which followed I could disov.er nothing to excite the suspicion that ghosts made it the scene of their nightly revels. Looking at my watch, I was surprised to find it wanted but a few minutes to twelve; abjout time for a tired traveller like me to go to bied. Before lying down I threw on an extra pile of wood, which I calculated would burn for several hours. I did not, as I expected, at onpe fall asleep. My brain was very much excited by the stirring incidents of the day. My near leparture; my visit to my relatives; the satisfactory completion of: my business ea gagements; and, finally the idea of my sleep ing in a house supposed to be haunted-all these thoughts combined to make sleep for a time impossible; but I was not proof against the seductions of a feather bed, und before I knew I was in thle ' land of nbd.' How long I slept will always remain a mystery, but, as far as I could judge, it must have been several hours. I awoke with that unaccountable and dread feeling that I was not alone. I feit' and knew I was not the only occupant of the room. As I lay there listening, despite my boasted courage, a feeling of terror began to creep over me. I was so alone, so far removed from all help. If I should call, it would only bring that something upon me. The dir seemed close and heavy.' My eyes, by some strange fasciiation, were drawn towards the fire. It had burnt low; yet the red glow of the embers still remained. As I gazed, a shadowy form passied between me and the fire. A sense of pressing terror came upon me, and Ilay rigid. The-shadowy something moved towiard t~he door md dis appeared, Itried to rally my fainting courage, but failed. An unseen power held me. The air seemed tilled .with.unansn spjrits. "Ghostly hands forced me down. I.felt my brain giv ing way when, suddenly, I heard s teps as cending the stairs. Whatever it was, he, or she, was dfagging something." .e,foots.eps travelled along .the hall and stopped at my door, In a moment the room seemedl all aglow with ghostly light. Candles b.rned in every old candlestick. To my straining eyes the door appeared suddenly to open, and I saw standing in the doorway a man clad in full evening dress. -e seemed to.be listen ing. Looking more closely, I saw :tlhat he was about fifty years of age, with deeply wrinkled brow and iron grey hair. But what was my unspeakable horror whep I saw he was holding in his arms .the body qf a. woman.! With c utlous steps he crossed the rooni and stood before the mirror. Touching a spring, the glass swung back and disclosed asecret chamber. Theanu .again Jistepgrd,.then threw the lifeless remains of the young. woman,for I s..w she was young, into the secret hiding place, and closed it by swinging back the mirror into its original position. He hastily turned tovwards me, and if ever there was ,hate-pitiless hate- written on .the face of anyone, it was engraved in every line of that countenance. He approached the bed. I tried to scream, but my tongue made no sound. Then' all was a blank. I remembered no more.till I was awakened by A vigorous knpocking at my door. and the voice of the old man calling that it was. time to get up. I raised myself on my elbow, and sar, .to my surprise, .that I was on the floor. I arose with difficulty and managed to dress, My limbs were stiff and aching. ,I managed to crawl down stpirs, and after partaking of a slight breakfast departed. After a long and painful walk I .reached my uncle's house. 1 was met by one of the girls, who exclaimed.: .' W.athas happedned Ain't you well.' 1 .replied with _spm.eopmruonplace .remark, pnd .thn exhautptd nature gaxp wiay, and ,I fell downp .?i * dead faint. Doctrs .,were called :ii and, restoratives applied. Finally, ,I rallied, only to sink into uncon'scipusness that lasted ,mary weeks. For a time my life was leapired Qf, bt, thanks to a vigorous constitution, I re covered. The story ,then leaked out pf spy .ppsging •the.night in.?.b haunted house. My poor ,ousin wos unjustly blamed for permitting .me to stay in the place; but he had done:his duty in warning me, and it was entirely my ,own fault which hadd brapght ,pn the Fatas trophe. When I had sufficiently* recovered I sýiled for America. One morning, about seven amont6lisatr, I.received a letter from my cousin ,ai London e?uptini?? g te.fol-: lowing : .' The old:hoqse on the corner has at. last: , been sold and completely refurnished. And,: what is most.extraordip ry, .s if to. ,onfirm b~te trtti of your story, some bones were; actually .disogvered .behind the mirror. Their finding ~o ,se,?. onsiderable talk; but as the new proprietor is anxious not to make his .o~se notorious, the hones wer? ajiietly, buried, and frot :.thai time to this no more ghosts have been seen in the house.' stoald.gbe?e be any doubt now of my' story beiig .true 1 What a .aºw inpmy dreams in that miserable night was a vision of most cowardly murder. Why hbad been chosen t9 see the ghostly sight? I cannot say. I simply relate the facts, and let my readers judge for themselves. 