BROKEN HILL MINES. LBy Telegraph. I Broken Hill. July 20, The experiments oondnoted by Messrs. Patton and Schlapp to endeavour to neutralize the corrosive aotion of acid in the mine water on the boilers have proved successful. Sulphate of baryta or heavy spar oaloined is used, with the result that the mineral water is rendered harmless to the boilers. The Company's dam holds a sure month's supply, but even should that fail the Proprietary Company are now independent of rain so far as the working of the machinery is oonoerned. Fifteen thousand gallons per day ie used, and the mine supply is far more than that The Britannia and Sootia Mine shaft has reached 272 feet. The underlie drive north wards is now in 70 feet, and has yielded good ore from the lode. The formation is 40 feet wide. The rich ore-bearing portion oonsists 6 inohee each on the foot and hanging walla. The ground is easy to work. The body of ore runs about 50 per cent, of lead and 63 oz. of silver to the ton, while the olayey-looking ore goes 160 to 170 oz. The sorting of the ore is very carefully attended to. At the Eaglehawk Mine in the north drive the lode formation is 6 feet wide, carrying chlorides. The south drive, where native tilver was found, is now in 20 feet. The lode has widened out over 3 feet, and is still carrying native silver. The Manager asks the Directors to send a email engine to haul the water in the main ehalt, whioh ie down 90 feet. They expect to strike the lode at 110 feet. At the Central Mine the new find continues to show wider as the crosscut proceeds. The quality is the same as before reported. At the North Mine the south drive is in 80 feet with no sign of the carbonate ore giving ont. The drive is being carried on the futi v<ze with galena at the bottom. The carbo nates show a tendency to go down. The ore which ie being bronght up is very massive, and freely studded with native copper and native silver. Six lots of ore has been dis patched to Dry Creek, equal to 142 tons. The itce in the north drive ie being pushed on vigorously. Exports for the wash ending J ulyl6Pro prietary, 8,700 bars of bullion, 316 tons 14 cwt 16 lb., value £13,717; 2,696 bags ore, 136 tons 3 curt. 1 qr., value £1,226; North Mine. 91 bags ore, 79 tone 8 cwt. 2 qre., value £1,667; Junction. 811 bags ore, 17 tonB 8 cwt. 2 qra„ value £365. Broken Hill, July 23. At the Junction Mine on Saturday very rich ohloride carbonate lead oremuohatained with copper was struck in the 150-feet level north in the north shaft. The level is 80 feet in from the shaft At 50 fset kaolin and soapstone wore struck in the north-west corner of drive, thought to be carrying a fair proportion of silver. On the drive being pro ceeded with the kaolin almost died away, giving place to garnet sandstone. A Blight deviation eastward was made in the course of the drive nntil a further distance of 30 feet was reached. The Manager then thonght that there must he good ore lying to the westward, and determined to put in a crosscut. This was begun last Friday, and on Saturday after noon chlorides were strnok. On visiting the mine to-day and going below I found the ap pearance of the crosscnt most promising. The distance that the orossout is now in towards the hanging-wall is 9 feet, and there is no appearance of the rich ore giving out. Unlorides are freely diatributea over the surface of the carbonate lead, and this being broken shows ohlorideB desseminated throughout Assays are not yet oompleted, but the contents are estimated at 200 oz, of silver and SO per cent, of lead. Six men are at work breaking down and sending ore to the sutfaoe, and oil being well, 150 tons out put will probably be attained this week. The ore contains not muoh silica, and Is in a fit condition to be sent direct to the smelters. Water has been struok in Patterson a Shaft at the Proprietary Aline.' This has an im portant bearing from the faot that an additional supply is available for _ the con centrating plant when at work. Sinking of the shaft will be proceeded with aa long as the water can be kept under without the aid of pumps. Pumps are on the ground ready to be erected. , It is reported that the newly ereoted_ con centrating machinery of the Mount Euriowie is not fulfilling expectations onoe entertained aa to its adaptability for treating ore, and that it is practioaUy useless. The whole of the machinery oi the Barrier Banges Concentrating Company has been removed, and it iB intended to replace it with plant in every way similar to that being erected on the Proprietary Mine. In the North Mine in the south drive the carbonate lead vein was found to be broken by an intrusion of a large mass of country, but this has now been out away, and car bonates are again pioked up of the same quantity and qualitv as before. It is also found that the bed of galena upon which they rested is making downwards, and thatoar fconates are being carried in the same direc The Yancowinna Gold-mining Association are proceeding with sinking. Both shafts are now 25 feet deep. The lode in No, I Shaft carried gold all the way down. Two parcels of 5 tons each are now prepared and will be forwarded at onoe for treatment—one to Pyrites Works at Sandhurst, and the other to Footscray Quartz-crushing Company. At the Treasure Mine a valuable atsoovery web made of a lode in the north shaft which is believed to be a continuation oi the lode lost some time ago in the southern portion of the property ana which was very rich. Good reports are received respecting another gold discovery in the Purnamoota district. Gold is carried in material largely charged with iron and oopper. Broken Hill, Jnly 24. The exports of minerals from Silyerton for the week ending July 21 wereUmberum beikaMine. 36 tonB of silver lead ore, of the value of £398; Gipsy Girl Mine, 7li tons, of the value of £960; Pioneer Mine, 50 tons, of the value of £750. Broken Hill, July 2o. From the Globe Mine a consignment of 261 begs of ore, equal to 16 tons 2 owt., has been sent to Messrs. Harrold Brothers, Port Adelaide, for treatment. The oontents averaged 66 per cent, of lead and oz. of silver to the ton. Another parcel of 100 tone is being prepared, A great Improvement is shown in No. 2 Shaft, from which this ore was taken. The two last lots of ore taken from the ] North Mine sent to Dry Creek gave as results 89 and 93 oz. of silver to the ton. . [From the Silver Age, July 20.] I observe that—perhaps owing to what appeared in Wednesday's Silver Ape touching I the water supply at the Broken Hill Pro I prietary Mine—the shares have been In- ] jurioualy affected on the market. It was I pointed out, by way of showing the reason , of the experiments that were being made , with the objeot of rendering the mine water fit for use in the boilers, that "bo long as the supply in the dam holds out the want of . ram will not be felt, but that supply failing, and no other source being available from j which to draw, the woike would of necessity have to be shut down." But it was by no means intended to imply that the supply in . the dam was likely to be soon exhausted, I did not obtain any exact data on the point, but am inclined to think there cannot bo less than three months' provision in the tank. Surely there will bo some rain before then 1 I Mr. Patton, like a careful and far- Beeing Manager, has, however, determined on having, if possible, tW9 strings to_ his bow. i And rhave no hesitation in predicting that ho will be successful iu neutralizing the { corroding aoids which at present render the water from the mine useless for steam pur I poses; though no doubt it will always bo preferable to use dam water, if only from motives of direct economy. There seems to . mo not the ghost of a reason in the state of the water supply for the fall in the price of the shares. , . .. The scarcity of money resulting from the depression of the share market is produowg I its natural effect in causing work to be I stopped on many of the interestsrecently j formed into Syndicates; and as caus are but j very poorly responded to, the malady seems likely to increase to the detriment of the do- I 1 velopment of the field{ and loss of employ ment to the miners on it. In the course of a drive round the Mount Gipps district many claims were found to be at a standstill. Amongst others I found idle were the Bub I and Sbiue Company, the Star Syndicate, the 1 Lord Clyde, and several less important rlnitrm Most of these possess fair shows Of ore, and, I think, only want work done on them to produce good resultB. Oae bad point I in the system on which Syndicate arrange 1 roents have been generally based, is the fact of giving too much oash down to the pro* moters, in addition to the large interest re- i tained fay them in the venture, and leaving too small a sum to be devoted to the working of tho mines A still more objectionable , I feature has been the paying over of the entire I amount of the stipulated cash pay moot to the j 1 promoters before the money has been ol' pud into the hands of the Secretaries and Direc lore, who now, in many cases, find them selves with a strong proportion of the scrip on hand, end no ready cash. The Britannia and Scotia Mine, which has already yielded a considerable amount of good ore, is working steadily on. The shaft has reached a-depth of 272 feet on the under lie, and a drive to the north, now in 70 feet, is yielding good ore from a lode formation about 4' feet strong, of whioh the rich ore bearing portion consists of 3 to 4 inches against the footwall, and the same on the hanging-wall. The ground is very eaBy to wcrkt and the expense of raising com paratively small There is a large amonnt of backs to be stoped ont, there being only one level worked at about 80 feet down, consequently the present level has some 170 feet above it. A winze ia being sunk from the 80-feet level for ventilation pur poses. The body of ore runs about 50 per cent, of metallio lead, with 63 oz. of silver per ton; and the gossany clayey looking ore, with very little appearance of silver to the naked eye, goes about 160 to 170 oz. of silver per ton. The sorting of the ore, which is a moBt important matter, - is very carefully attended to; and the various qualities are placed in their respective heaps. But it would answer the purpose of the Company to keep a good asBayer on the spot, so that every variety of ore could be at once tried by an infallible teBt. A nice steam-engine of 10 horsepower does the hauling of both the material and the water. At. the Eaglehawk, in the north drive, where the lode formation is now 6 feet wide, good chloride is being found, and the south drive where the native silver is being found is now in over 20 feet. The lode is widening out and la now about 3 ft. 6 in. strong and is still maintaining its native silver show. The richest silver-bearing ore seems to lie below where the influx of water prevents working; the last shot at the lowest attainable depth having given the Holiest ore yet found. The Manager has counselled the Direetors to fur nish him at once with a steam-engine to get over the water trouble. Central Broken HilL—The lately opened lode still continues to Bhow wider as further work iB done on the side of it The quality is the same as was last reported. The quantity pf ore in sight is necessarily much greater with eaoh day's work. At the Broken Bill South no notable change has taken place since last report. Everything is going on favourably. IFrom the Silver Age, July 23.] Broken Hill Junction Mine.—Early in the current month the shareholders Of this mine were gratified by hearing that a discovery of rich ore hod been made in the north drive from the north shaft. This portion has sinoe been continuously worked i but although the find bss shown no signs of being worked out, nor of being marred by intrusive country, yet it has not developed into anything better than it showed when first struck. While continnlng to work this vein the Manager's good genius prompted him to branoh out in a fresh place in the mine, and as a result it has now to be recorded that on Saturday a very valuable disoovary of ore was made. The locality of the find is in the 120-feet level' north, and it was reached by making a deviation from the regular coarse of the drive. The stuff discovered is compoEed of chlorides and oarbonate of lead, and as far as oan at this early period be judged, there is every reason to believe that a large body of ore is present. Ae for its value there oan be no donbt that the stone is very rioh in silver and abundant, and it ie now made evident that the possibilities of the mine are greatly superior to what was pre viously supposed. Nor oan any doubt now exist on the question reapeoting the presenoe in the property of the true Broken Hill lode, or, at any rate, a large branoh of it, supposing the theory to be correot that the main lead Is divided into more than one parallel lode, as it takes itB course northwards. Considering that the mine has been exporting weekly a large quantity of ore, the valne of whioh givea a good margin of proflt, this moBt re cent discovery will undoubtedly place it in a Btill better position, and before long it should rank amoogst the concerns whioh pay dividends. The appearanoe of the new dis covery fully warrants these deductions being drawn, and further testing of the deposit, so far as can be judged, should prove them to be correct. 