Not a Patriot. Fred. ff. Swan wick, although a canditate for Parliamentary honors, does not believe in shamming a bogus patriotism like many of the Bankrupt Party who, stripped of their hypocrisy and falseness, would have nothing to recommend them. Swanwick told the electors the other night that, if he were returned, he would work bard to get a bridge put over the river, from either George-street or Edward-street; he would not advocate it from Albert-street, as such a bridge would interfere with the Botanic Gardens. Said Swanwick :—" I do not pose here as a great patriot—most self-styled patriots are humbugs—and I do not mind telling you that this bridge will greatly increase the value of my property—(applause and laughter)—but it will also increase the value of your property and tbat of the property of the district generally." This is a scathing antispasmodic to Sam Griffith's self-glorifying convulsion—" I always ask myself— What good will this do the people generally ?" Swanwick's revelation has, at any rate, the charm of candour and honesty, while Sam'? statement smells fishy. ? A requisition is being signed in North Rockhamp ton to induce Edwin Macaree, the Mayor of that municipality, to come forward for the electorate. Macaree is a Grriffithite, and will, if he comes for ward, split the votes with Piff Macdonald, the 20 thousand-pounder. A Maryborough correspondent sends a few notes concerning the first political meeting held, during this campaign, at Maryborough—viz., Eli C. Jones's elec tion meeting on the 12th instant. It appears that no chairman had been arranged for and Eli Jones requested a man to preside who is not even a voter in the Burrum electorate, which is the district Eli seelcs to represent in Parliament. Eli took the meeting into his confidence to the extent that he was not a heddicatefl. man and 'ad never 'ad hany college laming. He opined that the coal mining hindustry was the chief prop of the electorate, and swore that the 'Oward miners were the "ver tebra" of the colony. Heli holds that the coal mining laws here are a farce, for, said he:—" Hin Hingland, howners hof coal-mines har' bound by lor to purvide hevery miner with an 'underd feet hof hair, while hout 'ere, many ha mine 'as honly one cubic foot hof hair to heach man." Heli goes great lengths on the Chinese question. He would "not honly 'unt the Chinese hout of Queensland," but would " halso sweep 'hem horf the face of the hurth." He favors a polltax of a <£1000, if necessary, " has the Chinee his ;the worst henemy Queensland 'as to dread—wuss nor the Roosh'ns, 'oo would honly come 'ere hand bombard hus for ha bit and then go haway, while the 'ell-born Chinese would stay for hever." Heli would hobject to a British General being hover the 'ole of the Horstralian forces, hand bringing over a lot of Sepoys and Kanakas to swamp the place. Eli loves the newspaper man, for he expressed his belief in the eight-hours' system, " heven to hevery one connected with a newspaper honly 'aving to do hate hours hof work." And Eli would appear to be ignorant of a thing or two that has been what he would call happening 'ere, for he said:—"Hi believe in local hoption, hand hif hit becomes lor, hit will 'ave my support." The chair man refrained from putting a motion as to confidence in the candidate. I believe some London Cockneys, who have votes in the Burrum electorate, want to know—" His Heli Jones ha Horstralian native F " I dunno. The Maryborough Chronicle, in adverting to " the national stand taken by the M'llwrathian party," says:—" The cheap and nasty patriotism of Sir Samuel Griffith, -whereby we are guaranteed to share all England's troubles and none of her glory, is a serious matter these days when jingo wolves are running about in the clothing of Liberal sheep." James Samuel Murphy, of Eaglemount, has announced himself as a candidate for Mackay. It is said that George Appel is once more taking stock of the Albert Electorate, to see whether he can't edge in as a sixth candidate. A Griffith man is also to be put up. A. It. H. Pietzcker, Sam's Mean-Whites Delegate | to Europe, who tried to get crowds of European j laborers to come out here at 12s. a week, has his eye on the Logan district, and will come forward if he has the ghost of tbe shadow of a show. E. J. Stevens needn't worry himself, however, about such a political mosquito as Pietzcker. It is rumored that George Simpson—no less!— will oppose Isidore Lissner for the Kennedy, What a farce ! Dr. Ahearne is spoken of as a likely Griffith candidate for Townsville. A. S. Cowley is safe for the Herbert. He has even a respectable minority of supporters at Geraldton, the stronghold of his rival, Nolan. At every other place in the electorate Cowley has a majority, it is patent. Here's some logic. The Cooktown Independent says that Sam Griffith's " word is his bond." Very well, we all know that Sam's bond is his I.O.U.—for that is how he paid off a debt of ,£410,000 on his Treasury. Still better. Therefore—t( Sam's word is his I.O.U." Q.E.D. In other words—Sam's word is his promise, and his promise is his word. But " he never gets no fudderer." Why has Sam Griffith's Government struck off Northampton station as a polling place for the Barcoo P This virtually disfranchises 50 votes. W. K-. Murphy, the M'llwraithian candidate for Barcoo, is part owner of Northampton station. It was a polling place at the last elections, which were arranged by the M'llwraithian Government. Murphy was then a supporter of Sir Sam, but M'llwraith never stooped to such meanness as the abolition of the station as a polling place. J. F. G. Foxton again woos Carnarvon—in the interests of the Bankrupt Party, of course. He thinks the Land Act of 1884, as amended, is the best Act we have had in this colony for placing bona,fide settlers upon the land. He is opposed to a land tax, " unless it forms part of a comprehensive measure for the taxation of accumulated wealth of all kinds." He would reduce railway freights j is against Pro tection ; upholds the Naval Defence Bill j goes for the exclusion of Chinese; and yearns for a Federal Union of the Australian colonies. Says the Thargomindah Herald :—"It is easy to talk clap-trap, but not quite so easy to expose its bollowness to the average elector. Those who wish to arrive at a sound judgment as to the respective claims of the rival leaders have only to apply the practical test of comparing the prosperity the colony enjoyed under the M'llwraith Ministry with the general stagnation and distress which have prevailed during the Griffith regime to see on what a slender basis the arrogant assumption of the Premier rests." An Ipswich elector writes "Macfarlane, one of the Ipswich candidates for Ah Sam, calls himself a 'Liberal/ If he is a ' Liberal,' then the sooner such ' Liberals' are sponged out the better. When Macfarlane returned from his trip home, he publicly said that Queensland women ought to do as women in England did, work for Is.a day. Is that 'Liberal?' Macfarlane regularly drew, as Member, his .£200. This was ' Liberal.' His name is absent from all local subscription lists to charitable institutions and for private benevolent purposes. Is that 'Liberal ' He never bestirred himself when the working men in the yard bad their wages reduced and were refused payment for overtime. Was that ' Liberal ?' He voted half a million for the useless Yalley railway to secure Sam Griffith and his pet, M'Master. Was that ' Liberal ?" He voted for the Naval Defence Bill, which tried to sell Australian liberties to England. Was that 'Liberal P'" A. Keating's address to the electors of Rosewood announces that that gentleman, if elected, will give Mc Illwraith an independent support, and will spend his £200 in the requirements of his constituency. Keating promises to resign whenever he appears to have lost the confidence of the electors. He would re-cast the Land Act; is in favor of a modified system of Protection; does not believe there is any present necessity for additional taxation ; favors the continuance of the two-to-one subsidy to Divisional Boards ; would totally exclude all colored labor from Queensland ; opposes the Naval Defence Bill; advo cates branch lines of railway, and the appointment of a Railway Board ; would not stop immigration; would place .£12,000 on the Estimates for irrigation in the Rosewood district; and favors triennial Parlia ments, Federated Australia, woman suffrage, an elective Upper House, a university, and a mint. Robert Bulcock, in whose favor Hiram Wakefield and Bridges retired, lias made his formal delaration to the constituency of Nundah. He runs the anti land- grant-railway red rag, and tries to resurrect the Coolie corpse. He believes somehow or other, but cannot explain how, in Dutton's Land Act, and is in favor of the Naval Defence Bill. He wants the tariff readjusted—(1) to provide money only for the public service; (2) to provide taxation "for the general welfare and not for the benefit of indi viduals (3) to tax most those best able to bear it. He is strenuous on the Sunday-closing and local option clauses of the Licensed Victuallers' Act. He says be is in favor of restricting the hours of labor; of improving the sanitary arrangements of all factories; of the periodical inspection of boilers on land; of the continuation of the two-to-one divisional endowments; of the inclusion of seamen in the Employers' Liability Act j of a Labor Lien Bill j of branch railways in settled districts; and of the con servation of water for the purpose of irrigation. Bulcock shirks the Chinese question, and doesn't say anything about the newspaper statement which credits him and Sam Griffith with being the largest landlords of Chinese tenants in Brisbane. How's that for high, Bully ? Tell us all about it, Cocky. Pat Perkins, when addressing the electors ot Cambooya, told this anecdote in connection with the passing of the Valley railwayWhen the Premier, (Sir Samuel Griffith, saw that the vote would be against him, he pulled Mr. Brookes, who intended to vote against the line, aside on the pretext of conversing with him. The result was that Mr. Brookes was left outside the bar of the House when the division was taken, while Sir S. W. Griffith got inside, and thus the line was carried." J. S. Jessop, late Member and present candidate for Dalby, had a sudden and severe bronchial attack last week, and was imperatively advised by his medical attendants to postpone addressing any public gathering for a few days. 