A GREAT CRICKET MATUIf. ON Saturday afternoon last a ono-in nings' match was played on the Now castlo Cricket Club ground between a team representing the City Council and one presumed to compriseb muff mom?ers of the club, but the latter as a rule failed to uphold their cha racter, and exhibited an amount of cricketing talent which would almost entitle them to be enrolled in an in tercolonial eleven. Foremost among the veterans was Snoosby, the sexn genarian, whose doings with the bat and ball will yet become a matter of history. Ho made the top score of 57, and took the cake for bowling. MLurroll came next with 27, but as he is comparatively a junior, and showed too good form, he must sing small as a " Muff." Robinson, upon whom the team built great hopes, did not disappoint his party, and put together 13, which apparently might have greatly increased had he not thought fit to retire. Wallwork, another ancient "knight of the willow," played as "if he were a boy again" and put together 13 be fore "giving up the ghost." 1. Hall also astonished the spectators by his free hitting and the way in which he ran up a score of 11. The game commenced shortly after 3 p.m., the " Muffs" going first to the wickets. The sides chosen were as follows: Muffs: Sneesby, Murrell, H. Hall, Frost, Wallwork, Porter, Finch, T. Robinson, O'Mara, Dwyer, Walsh. City Council: J. R. Rodgers, A. Gil lam, Moore, Gibb, M. Moroney, WV. J. Gillam, J. S. Rodgers, H. Buchan nan, Cook, Melville, Tarleton. Wall work captained the " Miuffs" and VW. T. Gibb the Council team. Messrs. Christoo and Wooden acted as um pires, and Mr. George Wallace as scorer. Sneesby and hiurrell were the first to go to the wickets to face the bowling of Moronoy and J. S. Rodgers, Gibb acting as wicket keeper. Sneesby hit Moroney's second ball to the fence for 4, the re niainder of the over did not add to the score. Rodgers then opened to Murrell, who hit the second ball to square-leg for 2. The scoring then became rapid, Murrell hit Rod gers right over the grandstand fencs for 4, and followed it up with two other quartettes. Murrell apparently only hit the loose onas to give his partner every chance to score. An other 4 would have resulted, but the ball was well stopped by the bowler (Rodgers), whose fingers must have suffered in the attempt. Gibb then went on to bowl in place of Rodgers, hMooro acting as wicket-keeper-30 up. The runs still came thick and fast, Sneesby displaying his favourite hits to square leg--O50 up. After 6 more runs had been got, Gibbs found his way to Murrell's wickot-l-27 56\. R. Hall filled Murroll's place, and hih Gibb's second ball for 2, fol lowed up with 1 to the off. Hall got two successive fours off Moroney, and Sneesby 4 for a leg hit off Gibb; three byes were scored, and J. S. Rodgers went on to bowl in place of GCibb, and Moore instead of Noronoy. After Hall had put together 11, he was given out 1.b.w. to Rodgers-2-11 78.. Frost took Hall's place, and hit Rodgers for 1, and next ball was stumped by Gibb-3--1--79. Wall work followed Frost, and went to work by hitting Moore for 2 and 4. Moroney and W. J. Gillam then took up the bowling, and the latter suc ceeded in getting Wallwork's wicket after he had made 13. Porter took his place, and was caught for 1. Finch broke - his duck's egg, made 2, and retired, and the veteran Sneesby was next caught by J. S. Rodgers, after a determined stand, during which, several changes of bowlers had been made to try and displace him-7-57-116. O'Mara put together 3, and was bowled by Gillam. Robinson then gave the fielod a taste of his quality, and added 13 to the score; his stile was much admired. Dwyer made 13, and VWalsh contribu ted the only duck's egg of the innings. The sundries only amounted to 4, which speaks well for the fielding. The innings closed for the respectable total of .145. The Aldermen then wont to the wickets. The first to do battle for the Council were J. 1. Rodgers and A. Gillam, Murroll and O'Mara doing the bowling; and Rodgers started by getting 2 off Murrell, and two fours off O'Mara. Sneesby relieved O'Mara, and bowled Gillam (who had scored 3) with a snorter. Moore went in, and after malking a fourer, scooped a ball into Waleh's hands, off Sneesby's bowling -2-5-20. Gibb took Moore's place, and immediately afterwards lost his partner (Rodgers), who was caught by Frost, off Sneesby's bowling 3-13-21. Moroney filled the vacant crease, and commenced by scoring 1 off O'Mara, who relieved Murrell. Gibb then made a hard drive, but was cleverly caught by Murrell, and retired with boet ninr of oricketers a round 0 tbo his name. A. Gillam went in, and was caught first ball by Dwyer (who was wicket-keeping) off Sneesby's bowling. J . . Rodgers tried to stop the tide of defeat, and scored 1 off Snetsby, but the -veteran asserted himself, and bowled Moronoy next ball-6--1-26. T. Robinson went on to bowl in place of O'Mara, and H. Buchanan went in to bat, and 30 appeared on the board. Buchanan scored 2, and was then caught and bowled by Sneesby. Cook succeeded, and after making 1 gave in to a straight 'un from the redoubtable Tommy-8--1--33. Melvillo came next, and added 3, when hlie also gave in to Robinson. Frost tried "slows" in Sneesby's place, but they didn't come off. Rodgors and Tarloton, who were last men, pulled the score up, and when the latter was caught by Murroll off Tommy's bowling it stood at 64, which included 6 for sundries-Rodgers carrying out his bat for a well: got 22. The "Muffs" thus won the match by 81; Tho bell was rung at 6 o'clock, just as tho last man got out, and thu civic fathers thus lost the barren honour of making it a drawn game. Several aldermon who might havo given a different aspect to the play weore unavoidably absont. Throee cheers were given for the victors andl the vanquished, and wishes expressed that another match would be held soon, when the aldermen may turn the tables. It was suggested by Aldor man Aforoney that criokeoLing ability should be one of the tests for future candidates for municipal honours. The following are the complete scores: Murrs. Sneesby, c J. S. Rodgors, b Moronsy ... 57 Merrel], b Gibb ... ... 27 laull, 1 b w, b Rodgers ...... ... 11 Frost., st Gibb, b Rodgcrs ... ... 1 PWallwork, b W. J. Gillam ... ... 13 Porter, o J. R. Rodgers, b Gllanm ... 1 Finch, b Moroney ...... ... 2 T. Robinson, o Mooro, b M"oronoy ... 13 O'Mfara, b Gillam... ..... ... 3 Dwyer, b Rodgers ...... ... 13 Waleh, o Frost, b Gillam ... O Sundries ... ... ... .. 4 Total ... ... ... ... .15 ConscoL. J. R. Rodgers, c Frost, b Snoeesby ... 13 A. Gillam, b Sneesby ... ; ... ... 3 Mooro, c Walsh, b Sneesby ... ... 8 Gtbb; o IMurroll, b Sneesby ... ... O lMoronoy, b Sneesby... 1 W. J. illam, o Dwyer, b Snoeesby 0O J. S. Rodgers, not out ... ... ... 22 II. Buchanan, o and b Sncesby ... ... 2 Cook, b Robinson... ... ... ... 1 Melville, b Robinson ......... 3 Tarleton, a Murroll, b Robinson . ..- 9 Sundries ... ... ... ... . Total ... ... ... ... 