THlE OUT1LAWY OF TUN STALL:FOREST: A ROMANCE OF THE OLD WORLD' Br ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON, Amwrr of trtwur. Ilaud," Mo. BOOK L THE TWO LADS. CHAPTER V. ' ?LOOoDr s ram aOT.ra.' The lads lay q let till the list footstep had melted on the wind. Then they arose, and with masn an ache, for they were weary with constraint clamoerod through the ruine, and recrossed the ditch pon the rater. Matcham had picked up tbi windac and went first, Dick tollowing estlll, with his cross-bow on hi arm, 'And no.,' -sid Matcham, forth to Holryrwod ' 'To lHolywood '. cried Dick, ' when good fellones -tandi ob ? Not I. 1 would see you hauned first, Jack ' ' Ye wouod leave me, would ye!' Matcham asked. ' Ay, by my ooth,' returned Dick. 'An I be not in tioe to warn thsee lade, I will go die with them. What, would ye have me leave my own ?en that I have lived among? I trow not. Give me my windsc' But there wag nothing further from Iatchsm's mind ' Dick,' he said, 'ye aware before the sainte to)s ye soud see me safe to Holy wood. Would ye be foreworn ? Would you desert me-a perjurer r * Nay, I ware o ir the beet,' returned Dick' 'Im-ant it, too-nOt now But look ye, Jack, tors aast, with me. La me buht warn these ment, enod. I needs must, stand shot with thm; then shall all be clear, and I will on again to il|lywood and purge mine oath.' 'Ye but deride me,' ansoered Matcham. 'These men ye eo to succour are the same that bohun me to my rui.' Dick scratched his head. ' I cannot betl Is, Jeck,' be said. ' Here is no remedy Wiat would ye y Ye run no great peril, man, and these are in the way of death. Destn ?' be added. 'Think of it. What a m?rrain do ye keep me here for ! Give me the windac. Slint George ! shll they all die . SRichard S 'elt n,' said Matcham, looking him squarely In the fac, ' would ye then join party with Btr Dsniel? Have ye nottears? Heard ye not this Ellis, what he said? or have ye no heart f.r youn own kindly bloo and the f-aer that men slew? Harry d Shelton," he sad; and Sir Harry Shelton wee your father, as the nsn shines to heave ..' 'What would ye Y Dick cried again. ' Would ye have me credit thieves ' \- Nay, I have heard it before now.' returned Katcham. ' The fame goeth currently it was Su Daniel slew him. He slew him 'ander oath ; n his own hose he he shed the innocent blued Heaven wearies for the avenging 'n' ; and yon-the man's son ye go aoont to comfort and defend the mur. darer.! ' Jack r cried the lad, 'I k nw not, It may be; what know I! Bt see here. This man h-bh brel me up and fostered me, and his men I have hunted with and played amo g ; and so leave them in the hoar of peril--, mae. if I did that, I was stark dead to boh?or For certainly thisold kindness 'bindeth more straitly than an oath. And to ilvefreendewien men, what is that but a pc?t satb--coriken. bht yet God shall hear it! N.y. Jack, ye would not ask it; ye would not wnsh me to be base ' 'But your father, Dick,' said Matcham, somewhat wavering. 'Your father-and your oa'h to me ! Ye took the saints to witnese.' ' My father,' cried Shelton. 'Nay, he would have me go. If Sir Daniel slew him, when the hour comes this band shall slay Sir Dstel ; but neither him nor his will I deseri in peril And for mine oath, good Jackl ye ohell eshlve me of it here. For the lives' sake of many men that hurt yon not, and for mne honour, ye shall est me free.' ' I Dick ? Never !' retorted Mtauhar; 'An yeleave me, y' are foresworn, and so I shall declare It. ' My blo d beat.,' said Dick. ' Give me the windac-ive It me ! 'Ill not.' said 'fatcham. ' Ill save you in year tcsc. ' N,? sad Dick. ' Ill make you !' Try is,' said tns other. They .Loo, lka.ink in each other's eyee, each ready fr a prinr. Then Dickleaped, and heough Matcham turned instantly and 'led, in two booud' he was overtaken, the windec was rmssed from his grasp, he was thrown roghly to to the round, and Dick -stood acrnoss him, flOshed and menacing with doubted tive It was over in three second.. Obatch m was a baby in the hands of his companion, and he lay where he had Jllen. with tie face in the grass, not thinking of rosistatice Dick bl. obis how. 'I' ! teach you r be cried, fiercely. ' Oath Or nooatch ye may go hang for me.' And he toned and began to run. Matcham was on his free at once, and he began run lol oufier him. Whas d'ye want?' cried Dick, stopping. SWhat meke ye after me? Stand off I' 'I will follow a plee,' said Matcham. This wood Is free tome.' SStand eane, by'r lady I' returned Dick, raising his bow. A, ? em asve brave key' torted atoham. Dica lowered his weapon in some con hueino. 'See there,' he said. ' Y' have done me llenough Gothen Go your way in fair wise; or whether I willor not, I mast even drive you itolt' Well,' mid Watcham doggedly. y' are the troner. D) your worn~. I shall not leshe to follow tdee, Dick, unless thou makes me, he added. Dick was almio beside himself. It went agalnst his heart to beat a creature so defenceless, and foe the life of him be knew no other way o rid himself of thia unwel. come and, as he began to think, perhape Untrue companton. 'Y are mad, I think,' he rtied. 'Fool fellow, I am hatig- to your foes; as faet as foot can carry me to I thither.' ' I care aot Dck' replied the lad. ' If ' are bound to die, Dick, Illdie too. I wold iewer go with you to pri-on than to go free without yino.' ' Wel,' re:stned the other, 'I may stand o looier prating Follow me, if ye must; bint If ye p'a one f-Ise, it shall hbut little advance yoU, mark ye that Shall have a qunsrrel in thine iowards, boy ' So sayins, Dick took one more to his heels, keeplong in the margin of the thicket, and loeking birtly shout him s be went. At a toed Ue he rattled out of the dell, and same aain iuio toe mooe open qouare of the wo,. To the Ints a little eminence appeared spotted with goldan goese, and cr?o?w?ed wlt a black tottof rire. 'I bshall see from there.' he thbouht, and siruck for it acons a beatbly clearing. He lad gone blio few yards. when ' a?a bh.m 'oched him on the arm, and pointed. To the eastweard of the summit there wse a dip, and, as it were, a raller praslsin o the other side; the heath was not yet out ; aIl the ground was rusty, like an nncoured buckler, and dotted eparingly with ers ; a' d there, one following another, Dick saw half 5 ore green b er ine mont ing the are-t, and marching at theti head, aonspicous by li boarsespear, Ellis Dock wori inperson One af er another gained the top, howd or a moment against the sk. nod trie dpo-d spoo ths further aide. out, 'ho tart was revs Dick looked at Matcham with a kindlier -'So 5' t. to be true to ma, Jack? he -eadk-. ·I thought ye were of the othsr Matcham beoso to sub. 'What chbeer,' cried Dick 'Now ts saltrs behold es I woold yea snivel for a ' Ye hurt me,' sobbed Matcham. 'Ye hurt mewrbn t three mu down. Y' arsa eoward to bhuse toer strength.' •Nay, that is foolt's talk,' said Dick, roughly 'Y' had no title to my windst, Master John I would 'a' done right to hbve well hased on Irte ao with me, ye most obes e;old so, come,' Mach·am had half a thought to stay behind; but seeino that Dickcontinued to 'Ocenr !=:l-tilt t 'wards ine emisence, and not so mch ae looked ac.ross his shoulder, he soon thogbht better of that, and began to ron in tarn, bot the gronis was ret diEtcu ne d eteep. Dick had already aoug tart, and had. at say rate. the lilhber haeels, rod he had loog.snce comns to the summit, gw[ld to'r wad throueh the Sre, and enseonsed hi?-nf it thio? tat l gorse. boere 'iftcham. panting like a deer, rejoined him, and lIr down in silence by hie side. Below, in the blttom of a considerable ·P?sblehtd by *ecbrl arvenesmess wrth tas ..t-?,. .ley., 6.e ..•ur. .nt from I'uetall -emlet wond aowuwarde to the ferry. It was well. beaten. .t the ei- ftlowed t eastll frta, point a. I,.t. Hero it wae brerede by open gl.de ; there the forest closed npon it; revery Unlled yards it ran beside an ambush. Yet, a, fai us the eye ashoed, the wrods mee empy of all human pretence. Only far dune the pith, the iaon shne on sraen s'eel elete, at d trim tie h time, at the tre a.,.p, d, Seldeu and hie men could he seen rlund brski, saiull bent upon Sir L)niel'. nl.et,., Te wind had somewhat fallen.s h .t oli tusrsad merni, with the trees, and, .rsha.y , had Appleyard been thore, he rould have drawns wartnig from the troubled codoc; of the bi:de. 'how, atk.' D:ck whiopered. 'They be already Wll adveaced into the wood ; their safeoy l:ee rtoee in coan iuiu forwarend. But eea yc bhre this wide glde runmoth down bet.'re u, and tn the mildt of it, theee two acore , tree o e likee at iaclud 1 There weretheir satfety A they but can come olund at f.r that, It, wll make shift to warn them But my heart mtverth me;ol they aree but seven agrsint so many, and theey " rran c- res- boee. The luongbow. Jack, wil have the upp.re most eevr. itltu ye spoke of partiee. Well, thber be your foes that huated for ye pr t.. r, herr now is )our enmity They are but .e?ea pour ohristian men, as tender in the Ie , n ,, or me, wincti at blow; and nOenr the cruel arreows drawn than shall trauto erco teem. 0ime, Ject, do ye hate theon,? I tre w not, Pray me a prayer for their poer seuls ; for the pang shell come upon them nriedy.r And while both lads fill to prayer, Seldeo and his o ru etll wound up the pate. iKnorano i f their danger, and momet ly crew benrer hand. Oce, indeed, they paunedd.alnuo agroup, and seemed to point and htets. o, Bt it w sometheg from far awsy scre the plain that habed ar;reted their attentio,--a bollowr growl of cannon that came, from time to time, opd the wind, and toldof the great battle. I wains worth a thought to be sure: for if the voice of the big guns were thus become roudible in Tunstalt Firer., the fiht mutt have rolled ever ealtw.rd, and the day, by c 'oseqhuece, aone ore saninst Sir Deniel and the lorda oltthe dirk to.t, But preenutly the little troop began again to movre forward. ed came nexto to a very open, artay purioo of the way, where hbut a single tongue ot forest ran down to join the rued. I'hey were hbut just abret of this, wheo an rrow shone flyino. Oe of the men threw up his arms, his hoburst reared, and both fell and strugeled together in a man. Even from where the boys Isy they onuld hear the umo he of ths men's voices crying out; they could see the startled horses prancig and, presently, as the troop began to recover from their first surprise, one fellow hecionin to dismount A second aro row om rtmewhat further off glanced in a ride arch; as econdriser bit thdt-e The ma whbo was dismoonting lot bold upon the rein, and his hora e fed galloping. and dragged him by the foot along the road, bumping from stone to -,one. mud battered by the fleeing hoots. The totr who still kept the saddle instantly broke and cattered ; o e wheeled and rode, shriekin, towards the ferry ; the other three, with lose rein and tiring raiment, came galloping up the road from TonutalL From every clump thee passed an srrow sped. Boon a horn fell, but the rider found hns feet end ontinued to pursue his coerades till e second shot despatched him. Another man fell : then anotherb har; rout of the whole troop there wes hut one fellow left, and he ao foot ; only in different directions, the noire of the galloping of three riderless horses was dying east into the distance. All Stbi time not one of the assailants had for a moment shown himself. Here and heroe along the path, her. or man rolled undespstched, in his agony ; but no merciful enemy broke cover to put them from theit pain The solitary survivor stood bewildered in the road betide his fallen cuenrr. He bad come the legth of that broad glade, with the Island of timber, pointed out by Dick. He was nor, perhape, fivle hundred yards from where the boys lay hidden ; and they could see im plainly, looking to and fro in deadly expectateon. But nothing came ; and the man began to pluck up hi courage, and suddenly unslung and bent his bhe. At the same time, b something in his action, Dlk reeonited Selden. At cbis offer of reistance, from all about him in the covert of the we?ds there went up te soand of laughter. A score of men, at least. foe this was the very thickest of the aembsh, joined in this cruel and untimely mirth. Then an arrow glanced over Selden's rhoulder; and he leaped and ran a lttle back. Another dart struck quivering at hio hee He mde for the cover. A third sabhalt leapedont right in hit face, and fell short in tnent of him. And then the lasahter was repeated loddly, rising and re-echoing from different thickete. It was plain that his asailants were but baiting him, as men, in those days, bhtted the poor bull, or as the c.t Still trifles wish the mouse. The tkirmish was well orer; further down the road, a fellow in green was already calmly gathering the arrows ; and now, in thn evil tleaners of their hearts, they gave themselres the ctace of their poor teltow sinner in his torture. Selden began to understand; be uttered a load tro of tiger, shouldered his cross bwr, and sent a quartrl ata venture into the wood. Chance favoured him, for a slight cy re Iponded Then, throwing down his weapon, Selden bhgen t. ran before him up the glade. and almost in a straight line for Dick and Matebam. The companions of the Black Arrow now began to stoot at ntm in earneet But they were properly served: their chance had as ; mort of them and now to shoot against the sun; san Seldsn, as be ran, bounded from side to side to bhttle and deceive their rim. Best of all, by turning up the glade be had defeated all their preperatione ; there were no marksmen posted higher wpthan the ons whom ?er had just killrd ar wounded and the coufusltn of the foresters' connele coo became apparent. & whisle eounded thrine, atid then agaen twiis. It wee repeated froi another qarter. The woods ac either ide became fall of the sound of people horsting bhloogh the nderwood ; and a bewildered deer ran out eint the open, tood for a seoed on three fIt, with nose n air, od thee plunged D stai into the thicket. Belden s, ill r n. bhondio ; ever and asain a- arow followed him, but still would mise. It lbegan to appear as if he might seospe. Dick had his bow armed, ready to suport himra; even ?schbs, fntegtful of his inte. ret, took side at hear for the poor fagi. ive ; and both lads glowed and trembled in the ardor of their beats. He was within fitry yar's om them, when an arow itruck him uTnd he felL He a up sasi, indeed, upon the iorstsn; but now he ran bsttergig, and, like hlind man, tar?ned side from hiadirectieo. Dick lesped to his feet and waved to him. 'Hmere Ihe cried. 'Thiru e I here is helpl Nay llru, fellow--rusn But jnst then a seontd arrw struonk tldsn in the should, beleen the plra:e of hit riadiso, ndead, pieeing thronerh hids lack, bronhie him, hke astionit. toemt?b 'O lbe pr eer ar r cried tochamb rith di?ped hieis. Anl Dcrk stood petrified Span the bill, a mark for archery. Ten to one he had speedily been shot-for ke torsetere sue funeus with themselves, and token enawaree br Dick's apperanc in the regret ,heir pasitioo-bmt inaantely, out iJe aquareer of the uood surprisingly nea to the two lade, a stentorian voice aroer, the edo. of Eille Dclkwoeth. Hokld 'l' t roard. 'Shoot net I Take himtIrie 1 I a is roanl Selto-H--a'y Jed immediately after a shrill hbltte sonded seteral timet, and Was again takel up and repoeted further off. The whistl it auempsd, was John AmerdAllis battle trumpet, by whith he published his direr. tios. Ah, foul fortune.' cried Dick. 'We are nsdone. Swiftly, Jack. Coamsswiftly r And the itr turned and ran bhck through theo oar pine clump that covered the summit uf the bill CHAPTER Vt. TO TiO DAT'S ILP, C wa indeed high time for them to rue. On svery side the ompany Ou the Blclk Arrow was making for the bill. Some being better ru'oners, or having open ground to run upoe, had ime outstipped the others, and were realdr ilon uoou the goat ; comr follawiong valls, had spread Out to right andleIl, snd outflanked the lade on either ride. Diok pln.'ged into the neaestcover. It wa a tall grove ol oan., firm under toot, and clear of underbrush, and me i lay down hill, they male tood speed. There followed rent s pleee of opey. which Dock avoided. holding to hi- left. Two mieote after, aed the same thristae arsios, the lade followed the same ter.-. Tens It f Itoaed that, while the 1a41. bending ontfmatllp to the left, drew mouer ssd nelrer to the hbgh road ad the river which they had croeeed an , :et- bhulk of Ihe r D rc-eer were tt.ni?i , t, i t e other hsoe,, a d ru.ligu t ,-ardo TuudtalL 1'.e. ld0 ioneed to ron.the. Ther- ws. no uooad of pureuir. J ck put his ear to ,? ,ouuna..ul ll ,t-tore wa uutWlo ; b. the tied, to be aute. still made a tor. •,o- in the te e. a.n it was hard to make '0,, again,' -aid Dick ; and tired as then ter-, and YHnthan Ilmping with his injure-l foo, t. ey ulle. thems Ires together, and once muore elted down Sbth bill. T,,ree minotes aiter th-v were breastin, tr,,u?ha lowe thicket ,f evergreen. High oeernte.l the tell tres maueJ & Continuous root of toli.ge. 1 w a great pdlared grove, sv ntigh ao a c hetrol, said except for the hell eo atmong wanch the lade were etrongling, opn eod semootly .warded. O t tre otnter aid., pauriog through the Itat frtOge of evergree-, ther blunderel forth sa?lo into the open twilight of tit' gio.ar * , ad r cried evoice. Atd tere, between the huog stems, not fiify fe- before teem, they beheld astouo 'ellt it gr-eu, sre blowa with unllioi. who Itertau.ly dre. an arrow to the head and covered ti,,m Miatcham aeopper with a cry ; but D ck, without a pause, tan straight upotn the freter, dr ioug his dagger as be went, Toe oterr, wn.ther ne uae stertled by the daring f the onslaught, or whether he wse hlpre byh hbis orders, did not hoo ; he stood waverloe ; and be'ore he had time to to come to him-ettll, Dik, with a great crr, boutnied at his throat, end aeut him sprawliog hack arlou the nurf. the arrow went one was and the how auother with a soundsng twang, the dtsarmet foreester grappled bha assti tut ; u trhe dgger shbone and descended twice. Then came a couple of grottw, and then Dick rose to his feet sgai, and he man lay mo?iotlues, stahbed So the heart. 'O,' said Dick ; and be once more pelted forward, Mai:ham trailing in the rear. To a.y truth, they made but poor speed of it by now, labounong dismally ea they tes, ann catcbit fo.r their bteatn like filb. Matchba had cruel stitch, and his head swam; and .a f r Dck., his knees were like lead. But thep kept up the form of rouning with andimittiehed courage Presently they came to the end of the roe*. t tsppoed abruplo, and there, a ew lard- before them, M the highroad from lieingham to Shoreby, lying at this point, betweene two een eallsof forest. At the asght Dick pau.ed and as soonas he stopped rountig, he became aware of a confoed notes, which rapilly grew louder It was at first like the rusn of a very high gust -f wind, but soon as it became more definite, and resolved Itself into the galloping of hores; and the, likes a flash, a whole compuny of nea alarms came drivng round the corner, swept before the lads, and were gone agateo pon the insutant They rode as for their lives, in completrdisord?; omeof them were wounded; rderless horse Irw loped at their side with bloody saddles. They wele plainly fugitlive from the great battle. The noise of their asuage hbad scarce begun en dise way towmard Sboreby, before fresh hoofs came eeboing in their wake, and aoother desreer clattered down the road; his time a single rider, and, by bie splendid armour, a man of high de ree, Close after hbm thre followed several barg.es wagges. fleeing at an ungainly canler, the drivers flOting t the norie as if for life. These mlat have run early in the day; but their cowardice was not to save them. F"r just before they came sbheest of where the lad astood wonderieo, a man in backed armour, and seemingly beside himself with fury, overtook the waggons, and with the truncheon of a sword, began to cut the drivers down. Some loped from their place. sad plaoged into the wood; the others he mabred as they eat, curasig them the while for cowards in a voice that was scarce human. All this time the noise in the distance had continued to increase; the rumble of certs, the clatter of horses, the cries of men, a great confused rumour, came swelling on the wind ; and it was plain that the rout of a whole army was pouring, like an inundation, down the Dick stood sombre. He had meant to follow the highway till the turn for Holy. woo and now he had to thsge ri plan. But abtove all, he had recopgnised the colours of Earl Risingbam, and he knew that the battle had tone finally against the rose of Lancaster. Had Sir Daniel joined, and was b- now a fugitive and rained! or bad he deserted to the side of York, and was he forfeit to honour ! I t was sn agl choice. 'Come,' he said. sternly: and, turniog on his heel, he began towalk forward through she grove, with Mattham limping in his For some time they continued to thread the foraes in silence. It was growing late ; the son was setting in the plain beyond Kettley ; the tree tops overerad glowed golden; bat the shadows had begun to grow darker and the chill of the night to fall. SIf ther were anything to ast s cried Dick, suddenly, pausing as bespoke. Matcham sat down and began to weep. Ye can wasp for your own sopper, but when it was to save men's lives, yur heart was h.rd enough,' said Dick, contemptu. ously. Y' 'ave seven deathe upon your consctenee, Matter John; I'll n'er forglre you trbats ' Conscience !' cried Matcham, looking fiercely p 'Mine I and re have the mano'e red blood uponyour dsgger l And wherefore did ye star him, the poer eul? He drew hi. arrow, but be let not fly i he held you in has band, and spared son ! Tis as trave to kill a kitten as a man that not defends him. sell' Dick was struck dumb. ' I slew him fair. I ran in upon his bow.' he cried. 'It ase a coward blow,' returned Matchen. 'Y' are but a lout and bully, Mastr Dick ; ye but abuse advantagee; let there come s strooser, we will eso oun trackle at his boot I Ye ears not for vengeance, nsithee-for sour father'e deathhat goes unpad, and his poor ghost that clamoaresh for joutice. But if these coume but poore crestre in your hands that lakceth skill and mtrengtb, and would befriend you, down heshball go ' Dick was too fuoriouse o observe that she.' ' Marry r be cried, 'and here l ewl ! Of any two the one will still be stronger. The better man throweth the worse, and the worse is well erverd. Ye deeeve a belting, Mas.e Matehami, loeyour illueldsaes ead unthank. Inurns to mewad ; and what ye deserve ye shall hate' And Dick. who, sew in his aegriest temper, still preservd he saporaace of oompore?, bea to unobhckl- his belm ' BHe shell be yar supper,' be said, grimly Mehm had stopped his tear; he was ae white us sheet, but he looked Deck eteaclri in the face, and nae moved. Dick to-k a step, swingieg the belt Then he peased, smharrseed by the largte eyes and thebs thin, weary fae of his nmpenion His courae? bgan tolsubside. * Sy e were in the wrong, tbe,' he eald, lamely. 'Ne,' said Matcham, I wsin the right esist not; I ne' did e buhs; oome, b me., cowarud I' Dick raild the belt at this lst provoca. tion; but Mathhem winced ad drew him self together with so cruel an appreheosion, that his heart failed him yet again. The strp fell br his lids, ad he stoord irreso lre, feeling itkes fool SA plague upou the, shrew S he agid. An? e be so faeeble of hand, yeehould keep the clerl grard upon your tongue. But Ir'll b ehanled before I Iboyu asd hep on his ela e Bes i I will nee." bh ontioed; 'but forgive youl--onever. ,new you not; )e were my master's ecrml; I lent you my horsne; my dinner pa have estee: y 'ace ra lled me a mnuo' wood, a oward, and sholly. Nsy, by the mna I the me,.sae is filed, and runoth over. ??se a great thing to be week, I trow; ye can do pour wren, yet shall none poni-h F; e mar alsal a men's weaemse in the hoor of nsd, yet may the man ot takes hL own again--p' sre week, frsoUth .Nay, then, if me ocometh charginl at you with a laes. and crireb he is week, re muet lsO him pierce .oor body hrough I Tot I fool words ' 'And yet ye beat me not,' returnea Matoh am. ' Let be.' said Dick-'frat be I will in stret you. Y' "ave been il-nert-red,. methinks, and pee pe hae she mkLnge of rome sood. and, beyond all qesetieon, sasved me from tShe river. Nayr. I h*bd forgotten it; I am as thankles ase tbyelL But come, les \- tn. And we be for Holywood tbils night, sy, or tomorrowearly, we had bert soet for werd epredilr.' Bot thonuh Dick habd talked himself batk ints his esnal rood humnour, ftcham had forsivre him nothiDO. ,it violence, the v 1eecotiei of the forster whom ha bad slatn- ahore all, the vision of the uprniled belt were things not asily to be fegottee. ' I will tbhank yne, for the form's ake,' said ?tehem. BuS, in sooth, geod Meter Shilton, I hsal liever find ml way aeloe. HIere is a wide wood; prithes, let achchoosa p hare ; I w, you a loner and.le.e,.n 'Fa ,' ce Dw k,' if that be yoour tone h.be i. and a plIague be withyoo I' lch oturned aide, and they began walkinlg if oeverally, with no thought of the Cire-. o,, intent solely on their quarreL But Dick had not gone ten paces ere his name rae called, and Matcham came running atuer. 'Dick,' be said, ' t were unomonerly to part so coldly. here in my hand, and my heart with it For all that wherein you h.ve 0o 'eeeently served and heIled me-not for the form, buot rom the heart, I thank you. Fare yre right well.' Well, let.' rumrned Dick. taking the had which was offered him. 'ood speed to on. i espeed you may, But I miedoubt it e,.rewdly. r are too dtipuratlous.' S. then they separ.ted for the second time; sad pres'ntly it was Dick who was ruinnngalter Mfatchau. ' re.' he said, ' tke my cross bow; shalt not go anarred' 'A cross bow I' said bMtcham. ' Ny, bu, I have neither 'he ettenash to bend nor tl he skill to am withit. t were no help tome, ged boy. Butyetothaokyon.' The night had now falleo, and noder the trees they could no, looter read each other's face. I will To come little way with you,' said Dick. 'Thoe night is dark. I would fain leave you on path. at licst. My mind mis iverth me. 'are likely to be lot' Without any more words, he began to walk forward. and the other onoe more followed him The bhiackness grew thicker and thicker : only hee oand thesre, in open ultace, they saw the sky, dotted with small 'tare In the distance. ,he noise of the rout of the Lanca'tri n army attil contioned to te faintly audible ; bt with every step they left is fursbe in the rear. As tue end of half an bour of rilent progress they came forth upon a broad patch of heathr open. It limmered in the liht of1 he stars, ebhegy with fe n and ielanded wrtl clumpe of yew. And here they pneed and ouked upon eech other, r a3.' Y are weary,' Dick eid, is 'Na, lam so weary.' answered atohae. Sthat metrinko I ld lie down and die.' 'I her' the chiding of a river,' returned DickL 'Let us go so far forth, for I am tore attLiret.' the ground sloped down gently ; and, sure eough, in the bottom, she found a mir Srmoingriver, running among willows. Here bey threw themselves down together by the hrink ; and puttisg th-ir mouths to the level of a erry pool, they drank their fill. SDick' Laid atcoame ' i may nult be. I ana no more.' I saw a pit as we came down,' said Dick. SLet a lie down therein and sleep.' .Nay, but with all my heartt!' cried Metabam. The pis was seedy sad dry; a shock of h--h as hung apes p one hedge, and made a rsbial hla; and there he two lade lay down, keeping close together for the sake of warmth, their quarrel all forgottn ADd soon sleep fell upon them like a cloud, and under the dew and stare they rested peae f 0 ay. (ro on costoeVUD,) 