"~ CONTINENTAL GOSSIP j TOM OUR CORRESPONDENT " STELLA.) , PARIS, EBB. 24. of terribly critical state of the Crown Prince is' fine the leading subject of interest from one end of Europe to the other. The official bulletins are now OMIT awaited and clearly discussed throughout this hemisphere. In this city the suffering of the illustrious patient, of his devoted and adoring wife, of his aged father, his mother (so near her own end), his ¡ family, and the entire German nation, excites a Sympathy so general and so sincere that one would fain hope " iJ class' in any? event" be made the basis for the establishment of a better international understanding between the countries to widely and bitterly divided since their last measur- ing of arms. The physicians at the "Villa Zirio ore so far divided in their opinions of the nature of this fell a disease, and of the chances of recovery for the Sufferer, that the public can find no ground for a judgment regarding the Prince's state ; but all that we are permitted to learn indicates so dangerous a condition, that the hope of his recovery revived a fortnight ago Has BOW given way to the conviction that a fatal termina- tion is almost certain. The accounts of the meetings between the Prince and the various members of his family testify to the intensity of the shock they all feel on seeing the signs of change presented by his appearance. They all do their best to disguise the force of their sorrowful apprehensions, but they cannot always succeed in hiding their emotion. His sister, who has just seen him, hold up at first, on going to him, but is reported of as having been completely overcome, and having burst into' un- controllable weeping after the first few moments of their interview. The diversities of judgment among the attendant physicians are loudly echoed and angrily commented on by the public, especially in Germany, where the presence of of Sir Morell Mackenzie is bitterly resented as an insult to the medical and surgical skill of the Fatherland; even the Crown Princess coming in for violent blame, as though she had aided to sacrifice her husband's life on the altar of her English nationality. The idea just put forth by a leading paper of this city, regretting that' none of the eminent practitioners of Paris should have been summoned to the aid of their Gorman and English col- lege, and urging an " international " reunion of the? leading specialists in throat disease of every country, is not likely to be accepted across the Rhine, but might possibly be useful, by aiding in the ascertainment of the real nature of this apparently inexplicable malady,' and, consequently, of the proper system of treatment to be adopted. The Prince of Wales, who made but a flying visit to Cannes for its carnival, has gone to San Remo. His opinion of which the world will probably learn something in the course of a day or two will be eagerly i itndM far and wide. It is rumoured that if this strange illness terminates as it now seems too probable that it will do the Crown Princess and their younger ¡ children will reside in England. The Prince of Wales is believed to have strongly urged his sister to this decision, The Emperor William will come at once to the bod i side of his son is a fatal termination becomes certain. 1 Arrangements are made for his journey is in that case', ' the lodgings at which this nonagenarian will alight on his" way to San Remo are already being kept in readiness for his passage. The journey, in this excep i equally cold and depressing weather, which is exercising I markedly unfavourable effect on the state of the I Crown Prince, will be a serious danger for they aged monarch. The health of the Empress, who is I only kept alive by the most unremitting scientific care I had devotion, renders a journey impossible for her. i The anxiety with which Germany is considering the s dangers to which the accession of warlike Prince William to the throne would be too probably the prelude is sug- gosling the idea of naming a sort of Council of Regency I to take part in the management of public affairs during a certain number of years, so as to counteract the ton j deny to warlike enterprises on the part of the now j sovereign. But such an arrangement will probably } not be easy to obtain. The presumptive heir to the Crown of United Germany is trying to persuade the s, world that he prefers peace to war, and will do his best j to ensure the latter, but his utterances command very 1 Blight belief. Altogether the prospects of the moment I are not encouraging. - ¿ Exhibitions have come to be so much the order of A the day that it is difficult to keep the run of them". Denmark is to have an international one next year, as though the tremendous affair that is being pushed on with such an enormous outlay of money, talent, taste, and "I energy in this city were not enough for 1889. As for the local exhibitions of paintings, statuary, and other loss I artistic objects, it would take too much of your space " even to name them ; but it may be briefly stated that one of the most successful of those h the culinary ex ' hibition of a few days ago, when the wonders shown ] were truly wonderful. The sight of the affair was rich , In lessons to all who are ambitious of having marvels J on their tables. The elements of every style of repaBt 1 were there, all, apparently, perfect in their way ; but the crowning curiosity of the show was a j succession of scenes, giving a representation of the ') tragic death of Vatil, the head-cook of Louis XIV., who killed himself in despair at the non-arrival of the fish J for THe grand Banquet he was preparing. The whole J of this curious historical representation, wonderfully 'i correct and clever, was done in lard ! The gay world of this city will certainly need rest ; and renovation as soon as the return of fine weather j permits of going to the country. The second and last State ball came off last night, at the Elysee, very splen ¿ j did, and a great social success 7000 guests. There He had been 42,000 demands for invitations declined for Jj lack of space. Lord and Lady Lytton, very popular A already, are invited to splendid dinners on every hand, at and treated with the most flattering attentions; The 1 official and the fashionable world seem to be run at ninga race in the way of receptions, splendours, and the gaieties, "of the innumerable balls that have been A grong on, " thick and three deep" night after night, the \- 5 fashion is for the hosts to outshine one another, not only in the arrangements of the rooms and amusements, ', | but also in the costliness and splendour of the k \ "favours" provided for the cotillion. Superb boat, the! beautiful card-case, exquisite fans, _ canes with rich f-' ivory heads, beautiful bouquets of artificial flowers that you will doubtless be used by and by to trim summer í jj hats and bonnets, and a vast number of other unarming [v things are given on these occasions. Several hon Bj. dress, and even thousands of pounds sterling, are some Sgt times thus laid out by the hosts in gifts to their (r ? ghosts, î}\ The guests, on the other hand, lay out large sums of j,~ i Honey in getting up their costumes where disguises m, We starred. At a recent ball a costume represented a., the North Pole. The lady was robed in while dragons, 43 representing Snow, with shiny adjuncts for ice. On JJ her head, the hair, piled up as high as was prudent, :\1 lau Powdered, was surmounted with a tiny silver ship, in amidst puffs of frosted tulle, imitating Snow and ice gaiety cleverly. Above the ship, mounted on a Am silver wire, was a large star of I diamonds, intended for the Polar Star, but' of a good deal more brilliant than that distant guide of nightly wanderers' on sea and land. Monto Carlo " had her hair powdered with gold on one side, with silver on the other, surmounted with a lap, half of red satin, half of black, with a tiny croupier's rake, in gilded wood, set jauntily on one side and kept in place by a rosette formed of bank * The hair of " Music " flowed loosely over her shoulders, confined round the head by a circlet in gilt hiiosondnotcs, forming series of bars of music, and a miniature lyre in diamonds was placed above the forehead. In common with the North Pole, it may be mentioned that the first train of the Swedish Luba yester railway, the highest in northern latitudes, has just crosoedthoAictic Polar Circle. This line runs within four miles of the celebrated Gollivaza mines. i England, meantime, is about to be brought into regular intention with Northern Siberia by Mr. Sullivan, to longish shipowner, who is arranging with mines and people in Petersburg for working a line of steamers Iii a waterway which he claims to have discovered, and fetch, owing to the influence of the Gulf Stream, is I" e promise, and extends as far as the mouth of the pXemsoi River. ILQUi?n Victoria has abandoned the idea of building learn? , reveals at Aix- les-Bains, The plans for the IFOjeotcd house had been drawn out by Mr. Noble, and ¡»¿Tu"?8 600, OVOTlook'ng the Lake of Bourget, had 1 ia,, i r night when it »PPWod that, unless her BnhulHn 8 the admirers property, a villa would me mix upon it and the royal grounds would be over looked. So the' Queen gave up' the plan, in which she had previously tell of great interest, Rumours from Athena report Prince George Edward of "Wales to be deeply in love with his cousin, Princess Alexandra just 17, and the most beautiful young woman in Greece. The Princess is believed to be equally in love with Prince George, and a wedding, is anticipated as to take place in due course of time It is also reported thistle Princess Victoria of, Wales is affianced to the Duke of Sparta, down Prince of Greece, whose Queen she will be when the Prince's occupancy of the Greek throne occurs. Rumour adds that the eldest daughter of the Prince of Wales is about to be married but the personality of her husband-to-be is not clearly known to outsiders The English Royal Family has already a curiously varied assortment of national connections, which would seem, at first sight, to extend the probable bases of international understanding especially between Constitutional Governments But evidently something more than these family connections is needed to bring the era of arbitration in place of war between the various members even of this remarkable development of family connection If, for example, the school departments of the globe would diligently and intelligently teach the benefits of peace and the loss, waste, and misery of warfare, the rising generation might become, in this respect, " wiser than their sires." Instead of giving free useful a practical tendency to the schooling of scholars, French schools with their scholar battalions, with all the glory of uniforms, music, banners, and season of union and importance are intensifying the military proclivities of this country. There is, however, a growing feeling of dissatisfaction with the accepted idea of schooling, and of the desirability of carrying on the work of education with more direct attention to the uses of daily life. " And this feeling will doubtless, in course of time, lead to important modifications of the present system of school routine. Centenary celebrations like exhibitions of art and industry, being the order of the day at present, the University of Bologna is preparing to celebrate next summer the eight hundredth anniversary of its foundation, and all the great educational institutions of our little planet have been invited to send delegates. The gathering will be a deeply interesting one, but how much more so would it be if a common tongue served as the medium of communication between its members. The " Volapuk " movement shows that the need of such a medium is getting to he felt it but it is difficult to see how this need will be supplied. 3 The Wilson trial will close next week with a verdict of acquittal, the law, as proved by M. Leave, his de- fender, not being applicable to His case. This barrister, , 80 years of age, perhaps the most marvellous exponent of French law j at present, admitted all the charges against his client excepting that of having taken money for the use of his influence Yesterday's I speech will rank as one of the most brilliant ever made at the French bar. The vast quantities of snow that are hindering communication all over Europe and North America, caus- ing great suffering, and threatening disastrous inunda- tions when the thaw comes on, will cause this winter to be remembered as specially unfavourable. Amid the astonishing increase of crimes against person and property would almost seem to confirm the idea of the existence of a common influence acting upon the various departments of planetary life. Meantime, the unusual cold from which Europe is suffering has brought a fishing hawk (Marga) to the neighbourhood of Dieppe, where it has been captured. It measures two yards acres its outspread wings, and nearly as much from the beak to the tip of the tail. This bird is only seen in Polar latitudes, and is sun posed to have been driven on the French coast by the recent inclement weather. "Snowbirds," hitherto never seen south of the Arctic regions, are also arriving in considerable numbers on the northern French coasts, ' 