LUOK. (DAILY NEWS.) That the peasants of Germany should have inveinted . 1;142 rules of life, almost every one of them hopelessly absurd, says. a good deal for'the philosophic theory that man is not a rational animal. But 1,142, is the exact number of devices for securing good luck and avoiding bad luck, collected by Jacob Grimm and recently translated- in the fourth volume of his " Teutonie Mytho logy," by Mr. ,Stallybrass (GC. Bell and Sons.) It is 1?robablo that almost every one has his little superstition, a traditional or personal observance; . which he will not like to confess, -but which he will not'infriuge if he can help it.. Thus the friends of Sainte Beuve, who scandalised Paris -by the famous Good Friday dinner, were themselves afraid to dine with thirteen in. the company. Perhaps none of the'minor follies of mankind survive among educated people with- more tenacity than this, and. yet the origin of -the idea is so obvious that we may wonder how the superstition could secure. as hold' on the mind -..From one or two little crazes, such as Dr. Johnson was guilty of, to over a thousand isa long step,,and we may wonder that-people could. -be happy who -were con stantly breaking senseless rules with fancied evil: 'consequences. Nobody not the - most elaborately -idiotic and, credulous, can keep over-a -thousand unwritten laws -on matters of no importance, and yet to break oven one of them caused a persistent dread of evil to follow. In almost every case, the dodges for securing good luck are founded on unessential analogies, and on the notion of post hoc ergo propecr hoc, according to which any event whichpreceded another might be its -cause. Among the few German superstitions not of this character is the belief in the second sight. "Look over the left shoulder of one who .sees spirits and future events, and you can do theosame.'" A- superstitionlikethis pre vailed in the Highlands." In his letters to Samuel Peysi on'tho second sight, 'written in Ii99, Lod. Reay. says':-"- A seer. with, whom I was reasoning- on this subject,' finding me very incredulous in what, he asserted, offered to let me see as well as himself.. I asked whether he could free me m acting them thereafter; whereto, he, answering .me, h could not put a stop to my puriosity. The methodof imparting second sight was not so easy as.in Germany. "The seer put both his hands-and feet above yours, and mutters • some words to himself, which done, you both. see them alike.' Mr. Pepys had- outlived, he says, the belief in the evil eye, buti he could not distrust the truth of the second sight. Meanwhile, Dr. Hiekes mr.do a laudable attempt to convert Mr. Pepyt to a belief: in " elf arrows." These, of conure,' aroonly the spent artillery of our predecessors- in the stone age. But Dr. Hickes belibved they Were fairy weapons; and told "a strange story;very wellattested, of an elf arrow that was shot at a venerable Irish bishop by an evil spirit, in a terrible noise, louder than thunder, which- shaked the house where the bishop ,was !'. Ho was Dr. Lesley, Bishop" of Killala. Thanks to' the advance of science, 'a bishop or other Irish gentleman who is fired at in a terrible noise no longer attributes' thophenomenonx to evil oprits andelf arrows. - . The rules of life among German peasants were not more quaint than the belief in the spiritual character of. neolithic arrow-heads, " Wash your money in clean water, and, put salt and bread to it, then the dragon and bad folk cannot get it." What dragon ? Can it le Fafnir the snake, who broods over the hoardef the Niflungs I The *' bade folk" are probably evil spirits, for the air oswarms with 'invisible myriade. A knife must not-be loft lying edge upwards, for fear of cutting- the " angeol."- Here " angels" is but a Christianised term for beings like the Geni whom the merchant killed with the date-stone lihe throw away ; or like the all-pervading Viusn of Mlancsia. But how arowo lo explain this anmazing ruloP "Women boiling yarn should tell lies over it, or it won't turn white." It must be' divertting to hear the girls and matrons lying for so excellent an end. JIcro is a ase of foolish anaology. " If you want large-headed' ?clrsi?en, wear ,a flue, large straw hit when you set the brood-hen on." The noxt is famittar in England - ..over \--------- -, -, - .,.. -'. -- - -. rockan empty cradle; it rocks the baby's rest away.' At home it is rather thought to signify the baby's approaching death. " If the first children take the parents' names they die before the parents." No doubt this is connected with the innumerable savage superstitions .about 'names which require constant changing, so that every olo has a bitch of aliases. Perhaps this rule also explains the Greek and Scotch custom of calling the oldest son always after the grand father. Among recipes for longevity we find securing for a chilu god-parents " out of three parishes." A child thus provided will reach his century. If a woman dies in labour, a mangle-roller or a book must be laid in her bed, and the bed must be made up and shaken every day for six weeks, " or she cannot rest in the ground." Hero is a simple role : " God-parents should buy the child a spoon, else it learns to dribble." We still buy spoons for our god-children, but probablp we do not know the reason why. Nor do we provide the " Judel" (a kind of Puck) with toys to prevent it from playing at night with the children. Heroe is a god useful rule : " Great evil is in store for him who harms a cat or kills it." Serve him right ! Why it should be " unlucky to kill spiders," unless one is a Bruce, does not appear, nor why " it makes -the husband beat the wife if a stranger looks in at the door on a Monday without. coming in." Per haps husbands are " chippy" on Mondays in Germany, and catch at any excuse for ill temper. But "the girl whose lover is fond of cats will have a good tempered hus band." Ladies who want lords must call on St. Andrew naked on St. An drew's day, and the good saint will send a vision of their lovers in their sleep. " The chariest maid is prodigal enough" if she adventures herself on this magic. Some of these foibles of faith are as old as Greece and Rome. " If a man sees a wolf before the wolf sees him, he need fear no harm ; but if the wolf saw himfirst, he is indanger," as Virgil knew. The duelist may. note this: " Smear the pointof your sword with ear wax, it will melt your enemy's courage." " If the carter plaits a snake's tongue into his whip, his horses can pull the biggest loads out of the ditch, and will not overdrink themselves." It is, perhaps, more desirable that the carter should not over drink himself. " If the first person you meet in the morning be a lady, seldom of matutinal habits, the luck is good." Nothing can be much more primitive than this.or more frankly materialistio : " When a person dies, open the windows, and the soul can get out." Treasure hunting has be become such a popular sport that the adventurers may as well make a note of this: " Hoe that would dig up a treasure must not speak a word." Gamblers who would win must carry " an owl's heart, or the stone out of a bat's wing, or a hoopoo's head," though no reason' is given for the- practice, and it is not easy' to invent one. " If you hear .l ghost, don't look round or you'll have your neck wrung." We are not told how we are to be sure that it is a ghost we hear. Any one may try the following expedient : "A man can pray his-enemy dead by repeating Psalm cix. every morning and evening for a year, but if he miss a day he must die him self." Self-preservation from our ghostly foe is thus secured: " Have a donkey with ,ou,. and the devil can do you no harm. As Mr. Stevenson remarks, " We are all travellers with a donkey," and there is comfort, now, in the reflection. Finally, here is a remedy sovran for wet Julys : " A cock built into a wall brings a long spell of good weather." " The experiment,'" as the minister said, when asked' if a dying mani would reap the reward of leaving his money to the kirk, " is weel worth trying.", 