; ' A Kolil Dcclamtlon. In tho coul'ho of bin npcoohftttho political meeting of Air. William Brookas at North " Brisbano ou Alonday hist Sir H. W. Griffith said 1— Thoro woro a fow pooplo who had not mado up thoir miml. who watitod to bo on tho winmug sine, ana n uioy only Know wiifcb it wus would go straight for It. (Choors.) TJicso woro Iko.p'coiilo without baokbono. Ho had tho profoundest oontcnipt for suoh iuon.' llo'hopod that no man wlio votod for. Wlrv Thomas Al'Ilwrnith would voto for him (yirfcftinuol),-y(ohoonO— and that no man who voted for him would voto for Sir Thomas. M'llwraith. ((heors.) If thoy thought ho Was a bettor ninn for tho country than tlio Mvosont Government, then nut him (Bir Thomas) mat tho head of tho poll? If not, thon put hnry at the bottom. (Choors.) Thoro had boos many occasions whon tho Liboral patty had boon said to lavo lost all olmnoo o£ Buoctw. On two previous occasions Air. Brookes lmd boon told that ho had not a ghost of a ehuneo, yet on both had boon trium phantly returned ovor vory good mon indobd, ami mon who were oonRinhmt. On tho prosont occasion ho did not know whothor ho was " ; opposed by a gontlomon vd,o waH conuistotit or not. Tliey know, at all events, tho viowtf of tho people who hud rotiuiiod Sir 'llioumu boturo, nnd whoso vlows lio kail tried to givo offeH to when ho hud the ehaiioo. IIo thoiglit by tho strenuous offoxts which woro boinj) mado from ono ond of thoiolony to tbo othor1. to diflplnco tho present Govornmont on tlio fpound that thoy had all dono Vrong that tho Cunsorvativos munt intond If ffioy got a uhancoto go back to do what thoy Had tried to do Vhon thoy had tho ohanco i boforo. (Choors.) Somo pooplo thought that monoy would do Anything, but ho did not faliovo that it would lmvo nnythlng to do with tho result of this oloetion, or tlmt It had had ' anything toldo with tho result of tho lnvt. (Choors.) Thoro was no reason to boliovo ' that tho Libolal party wan losing ground any-\ whoro in thoicoloiiy. (Choore.) Ho looked \ round and wastohl tliat ovorybouy was falling \ away, but out of ovorybouy lio oould soo nobody— (choois and laughter)— oithor in tho country or the metropolis, anu with vory fow exceptions ho had no hesitation in saying Uiat thoro was no sign of nuy break up in tho Liberal party, but that on tho contrary it was udvanuing rapidly. Though somo mombors of tho Liboral party mtglit not ho so fan advuneod as othors, thoy would follow up tho thinkers boforo long. (Choors.) If ihoy stuck togothor on tliis oeoaslon thoy wouKV lmvo no ruaRon to bo aHhumod of tho promlor oonstituonoy of Brinlmno North, (Choors,) 