THE GOLDEN HOPE. A BOMANCS O? .IHB.DEEP. «I dreamt a dreaoi'thit w«» not ali a dream.' "By W. Ccaee Russell. ' Pi XXXVt.' (Continued ) — The . Schooner is Spokes, Breechee'sent a gloomy look over tbe tafl- rrait, and folded hi- arma with a stare at the -cook's pale fade." Johnny, the boy, began to blnbben ' : ' For this here schooner to be taken and -nB men made prisoners of '11 he a pleasing termination of the . woyage, aartinly,'. said -Goldsmith, in 8 growing ironioal vuioe. and savagely burying hia hand a inhin poakeis. 'I know I wish I'd never shipped.- -Don't believe I ever should if it hadn't been for -Dock parsnadin' of me. 'There's that abont this here woyage that's kep' me unosmfort- able all throngh. -Why, damme, I woaidn'l half so muoh object ..to. the parson's wision if it hadn't tamed out true. It'e its trnenees as disagrees with me. If a man poiots to a corner and Bays " There's the devil," and there's nothin' there, I laugh at him ; but if be pointB and I look and sees a blaait man with a tail twixt his legs, and eyeB es big as -riding lights, why then, you see, I wants to -retire. There's a eight too much of what ain't natural in this woyage. Don't want lo ssy nothen against tbe lady, bat if Joe ain't telling lies whan he . gays, that she's more sensible when ehe's asleep than when ehe's awake — reversing all tbe nat'ral laws as I'm acquainted with— then what I says is, .Tm not goin' to be surprised if tbe schooner's look's gone ont of her and tbe worst ye Can fear a-tollowin' of ns in that steamer.' I tell yer,' said Joe Hall, ' that ihe lady \- came op asleep. She Blared at nothen past me till £ slipped t'other side the .tiller in a eweat. Than she .sensibly talk's "to .the parson and Mr. Stone at the lee.rail, points and ohocks her armB aboat, asleep all tbe time, and goes below, missing nothing, steppin ont aB true as a hair.' ' There's nothing wonderful In that.' said Archer, who had been listening quietly. Providenoe looks after sleepwalkers! I've heard of women getting on to the tops of roofs of honses and strolling aboat oh, ledges so tall and narrow that people watching them have turned siok.' Well, I only wish the lady was more natural, more 'cording to regulations,' said the cook, direoting his pale face, fall of uneasy workings, towards the steamer. ' I never .was shipmates wish anyone as walked -in his sleep afore, and though Providenoe, ae Archer, says, may keep a heye on the move ments of a party given to insensibly haoticg after the manner of ghosts, my notion ie that the eperrit what works in a party .and, henablea him or her to oonwerse all the way from here with a man enppoged to be in England, bat 'Iongeide her all the time, can't \- belong to the part people looks up. to when tbey prays.' Why not?' demanded Aroher. ' Why not ?' echoed the cook. ' 'Oaase if it was the sort o' being a man has no oall to be 'alarmed at, is 'ad make a party ant arter .the manner the party was intended to/ - . 'I agree with ilioky,' observed Goldsmith. ' I recollect of bearing a preaoher ohap at a Bethel say that when the ancient Jews bbw a man aoting nnnataral they oatonlated the devil had stowed himself away inside, of him. How they got him.out of the man I forgets ; bat, anyhow, that notion of the anaient Jews — who weren't -bloomin' fools, neither, spite \- o' Bill grinnra'— — <:I'm la-grinnin',' exolaimed Breeches, ' because ye're a-makin' oat that that- notion you've spoken aboat belonged to the Jews, Why, man, when I'waaa lad the idea waB common in the willage I was born in. I've helped :duok .two old. women myself 'cause I the. belief was they shoved evil spirits into folks, and prevented hens from laying fagge.' : -XniB observation led to a lively argument between the cook, Bresones, aud Goldsmith as to whether she belief that people who acted erratically, like si<fapwakers, or' demo niacally, like Breeobrs' two old women, were posseBEed by demons, originated with the ancient JewB or with Bill's village ooutempo- xaries. Bat tha slow, iboogh nnmistakable, gaining of the steamer upon the sohooner presently Btarted the men npon subjects they were more qualified to form opinions on than \- the powers of evil spirits, and they were . soon engaged in alarming one another atreeh With ideas as to the parcusi'o nationality, and -arguing npon what Hirnm ought to do so bb to keep the raoe going till nightfall, if the wind held.' ' Meanwhile, Fortescuo stood close to Agatha, anxiously listening' to Weeks and "Stone- as one or the other of them spoke about the pdTsnit, wHils's'the girl seemed to he$i3\nothing but the running of tbe eohooner andtbegijht of the seas, wbic-> -would come rolling at bne'moment with their dazzling hrowe Bun-touched by the flying .morning splendour between tbe speeding olonds, ait \- .hefaext pouring indelioata olive green under the eclipsing shadow of the passing bodies of vapour. Sometimes in glancing at her and marking her rapt enjoyment of the windy, streaming picture, tbe enrate would fancy that there mnet be something more than tbe meie/ relief the buoyant bouodiogs of the vessel gave to the clouded mind, and to tha' : physical oppression In the head she spoke of ; something more than this in her delight in tbe beautiful alternations of glory and shade, of the sparkling blue kindled bv the sunlight, or the sombre tinge that gloomed in each -swelling height with the varying of the \- luminary's beams.'" What but the old instincts, the old admiration that at Wyloe often sweelned her pensive gaze, when from ebe sea 'shors she watched with him some lovely, some tempestuous, some solemn -evening summer mood of the deep, stirred in her, now that she had before her the very perfection of an ocean picture in the' flight of tbe eohooner throngh the <Iqoid valleys and over tbe foaming hills, with liberty like a -goddess born of and dominating the mighty weltering - amphitheatre, informing - every eaho with a sohg 'ci rare' melody, till the \- minstrelsy in the rigging and the thunderous Cadence- "over the bo.wa - and the' sharp, metallio, bell-like ringing notes of the sweeping foam oombined tneir sounds into the muslo of an orchestra, to whose misn>es the sohooner, and ihe surges, and the olouds, and the reourrent darlings of the high Sun's 3»»makept.time? » ncjBut the "pursuit ! What, did that steamer there" signify:? She was yet -haUdown,: but with' all her oanvaa ehowi ig. -aettlihg .away Ofajhejee qaartsr.t thoagh haw whep Hiram ' brought his eye from the glass hq/intoc-ned Btonethat she was heading exactly their own ahorse. " :/ : '.-/ .Vu.'-"-'v-v //fThilre is no doubt she 'is after us?' said tbe"eurate. . - ' N.ajt;k shadder of a doubt, Mr. Fortesoae.' "And.BBe is :overtabingue ?'. TMtV-falaifa, too, sir, ' S oppose . she should prove an Eaglieh- man, eaptain ?' 1 1 don't. want to find out, Mr. Fortesoae. \- I don't .want to have nothen to say to her. As I have told ye, if she ain't a friend it'll ha too late when ihe fact's discovered. Bill, shall" we faring the eohooner close ? We're being pioked np, mate.' 'It won't, do to jam her,' answered Stone, 'but it might be worth findin' out if tb' Hope won't lie closer than t'other oan. Half point-: — i' Then down with that etua'sail, Bill,' tetffc'Oht Hiram, and in a moment old Stone Wfaq running forward and singing; out. ; The ftrtolered .aetitre as oats by anxiety, in a Very few minutes had hauled down tb'e atun!- 8afl, . brafled .Lthe' yards sharp,' np, ".and 'faweated/ as they say At sea, every Bheetto ft paneaka- flatness . of eanvas. The' vessel was .kept a'.raprfall, ?bat - t&i;: shift., of helm had Tirdught the'sea '.well' bn ' the bow/and the pressure aloft /was exceedingly . heavy ; ' for the Gpldqn Hope, sweeping into the breeze, put a trap stormy spite into ita hard pouring, and she drove along like a loco motive, the: spray breaking ia snow-storms over her head, her lee-rail pretty flush with win smother, there, her weather standing \- Jigging like bare of ateel for tha wind to ®pllt:On and rave throngh, every foreground Of her canvas flashing with a starry light, oa melting into pallid dimness with the reel 1 Mid stagger of the Spars to the sun," aitd his dazzling leaping from; oue'-eloud-edge to another. Phew ! 'twas noble sailing — the flight rather of beautiful creature of instinct; maddened .by ffaroff hallowing in her.wakeii.than the-msohania movements of a piece of man's handiwork ncgedoyine winds and gaided by the.belm. ;i \- ,Tbe' 'Crew' gathered ' aft for the 'abetter of the quafter-deok frpja the tempestnoai rain ing of green water forward/and Stoodgroapod hear the m.ri.n, Wgfog,..aU . stating, a with one pair of eyes, .si 'I18, steamer, Hiram, kneeling on thoBe legs of his, which in their trousers looked rather less eopple than a pair of tong v inspected the stranger through the telescope. He watabed her for it long minote, the glssa risibg and falling with 'hie head to the plaoge and dip of' tbe schooner. Th&d; rising aod casting his prdtrnding'syea in the most dismal. m«fauer 'first on Mr. Fjrteacue, then on S:one, add fi.aally.otL' the men, .he said in, alow. bot hollow, voice :. ., . ' Lids, he's banled hie wind 1' 1 Headia'. up -aa ,we. do!' ehonted Breeohee.- , ' Ay,'- answered Hirsm, as we do.' ' Then,' growled' Goldsmith, with a note of desperation io hia 'deep-sea baas, ' it's " b, a, double-ball— thai! ; n, p — hiip" — hall hup, bullUs, v ghat's. a goin' to . withstand hsngints in a wesael as cad .sail as oloae .aa the phMO.?.' . i ,. . Hiram.took no notioe of this. But, meu.' oried out Mr. Fortesoae, ' a'ter all.v oar ideas are pare imagiuation. so far.' How do we know soe's not an English man t - 'Presuming her - to be ' a 'foreigner, what right have W9 as yet to' 6ri'ppose shat the'country she beloDgs.t-o is at war. with as?' "... Ay, that's all very well, Bir," bawled the cook ; ' bat .what's Captain Weeks running away for, tben V ' . 'BoQanse,' roared Hiram, 'it's one of them basineeses wbion, to mtke sure of,, allows 'em chiefly to make BOre of yon. What's 'she a-oh'aeiog'faf us tor?-' D'ye think ehe'd shift her course, if aha. only wanted ."to speak— if there was ' hoihea" par'ticnVar ? She's a' man-of war, and ' what's her purpose in these . here ' waters? '. Why,, yes,' he ehoated soornfally, '.she may.be a ooontryman, and ebe may bs. mistaken of oar dodgin1 her, . Bat d'ye wiBh me -to heave to and find out, when by getlin' away we- shall be 'dropping all the risks I've told yer abont ?' " ' Bat we aren't goin' to get away !' cried Breeches. ' Why, eae'e swellin'.np down there like a sailor's' weskit ' .in a publio- house.' . . ; ,. ." ; ' She'e got a aolour flying,' said Stone, who had been silently working away with the . ' Ha !' exclaimed Hiram, wheeling round. ' At the fore royal mast head,' : aoatinaed the mate, He looked a little while longer. I dunh'o,' he oried, ''my ! Bight ain't whet 'it' was ; but— but if it aiq't bluo and white and red, you may .bile me"!' he roared" out,'.!. if it>. .yalier.qr blaok, or green J' , \- ' Hiram looked on dully an instant or two, staring at Stone. ..... . . .. . ' By. thunder !' he muttered, then snatabed at the glass and levelled it. ... ' Frenoh.!' he yelled. 'Who's got eyeB here?' - Tne men oamein a tosh all around him.; Hiram gave the telesoope to Areher, who, after - a short' inspection, said; 1 Yes, " Bir, the trloolour, A email French screw maa of- war.' ' ' "" ' \ Others of the men looks! — Breaches, Goldsmith, Dock ; they were all .agreed. The flag in the glass blew .ont its tints brilliant to the snn, and. the vessel hereeif, her hall now and again, showing betwixt a sea, blaok and glossy as the pIumeB of a crow, waa heading np to it like the eohooner herself, "ahd gaining steadily with every five minutes that went by. " Hiram, folding his arms, took a long look at tbe stranger, and theq a. long look. at the men. He was .loBt in. thought, then awoke to earnestly inspect bis oanvae .and judge his speed by watohing. the passage of the .white water. -- -a- - r . ' Bill,' he said, addressing Stone in a voice to be heard by all hands, - she's catching .ns up, bat we'll keep on this ratoh aud- hold on all, for we're not to know she wants ns to stop, and something: : might' happen to her henginesj or she might .carry away a mast — and aDy ways we'll hold all 8tone nodded. - - But 'whether there's- war or not,' eon tinned Hiram, making his .eyes meet with a siognlar look in Mr. Forteseae's faoe, ' that's no oall for us, whether we're ' overhauled -or whether .we snooeed. in' gettin' away, to be ashamed of the ooloarB jyeiril undr. . So, "u4, — Hh the heosign and run him up.' This was dqqe, ana, - as oia stone, the glorious:bit of bunting. streaming like a flame as it soared rattling in a graoaful aurve to the'balliard- blook'at the peak,' one saw the English spirit, ecting like the - tonoh of nature that makes the" whole -world kin, in every man's fade' as the whole mob of them followed" with their gzi the flight Of the meteor "flig to its destination at .the lofty gaff end. Suddenly Agatha, who had been watohing the hoisting of the ensign . with an. interest that did not escape her- lover, said to him in alow voles; 'May I speak to Aroher, Mr. Fortescne?' I will oall him, mv darling.' The man approached with a respectful salnte. . She merely wished, to ask him how be was — to tell him tbe deligbt the swift sailing of tjhe.sohooaer filled her with ;. and with. a smile of moving pathos, in Forfesoue's sight, to declare she was happier here.than on the island. ' I do not miss it ; . do you, Aroher?' - . ' ' ' No.'miBS.' ' Sometimes I have wished the little hoaSe "yoa built me .was here. The trem bling of 'the leaves made' the ground -cool and pretty. But I like " my: cabin down- ttairs, and my . olothes,' loqklag . at herself with an added touc.h of aolour, and smiling as though she felt her simplicity and sought an exoqse for lt;not knowing how to express her happiness save by ladioating the thiiigB which gave her -pleasure;" 'and Mr. For- tesaae is ' eo kind to me— as- yon were, ! Archer; bat — bat- — 'she straggled with "a candour one saw her instincts were" -for s lenoiog, and abruptly paasiog,' ehe looked half shyly, half anxiously at her lover! "'We're both ifa good bands, miss, and 'tis glorious to ' feel we re going home,' said Aroher, and again knuckling bis forehead he stepped over ,tO where the other then were grouped.: " They've hanled down the flag at the mainmast,' shouted Stone, with his eye at the glass ' Hillo 1 Ode— tew— three — fonir —five flags ; they're a signalising of ns ; and — hlUo !' he bawleif again, ' they're a- firing !' The small white ball of smoke, that as it leapt from some bow gnn or other of tbe steamer was blown by the : wind into-: a stretch of veihlike vapour, ehot with the lu-tre, was instantly eeen, and all hands stared for the inissile. ' ' WellJ I'm doodled !' bawled old Breeches. 1 That's meant' for oar ensign. I s'pose, an' if it don't sffanify war, why, ' then, any man may ohuck' Old Bill overboard as likes.' Anybody see where the shot etruak V shouted ! Hiram, in a quite desperate state of exditefaient There- was ho; answer. Anybody hear the explosion ?' Oi did.'- oried Johnny, with his white faoe. oonspioadna among the men. Beg pardon, oap'n;' said Aroher, stepping forward! -':bnt if so he,: bb ' Mr. Stone-eays, that "steamer's signalising of ns, it's likely she's fired heir g'fan to eell- attention to her fl sgs, or 'as a request to fas fo heave to.' ' There's no. use in' her botherin' with; fligs,' oried Hiram, whose agitation kept him jumping and hopping about as though his nervous system had bean suddenly end violently smitten. '.'oause' we've got ' no book oh - board ahd shan't be able to onderetaad nothen bat hsnsiga. As to' her msshlnglby hsr gun to ask' as tq heave to, why. If I oould believe it wasn't shotted— and that'shs' only wanted to speak ns——' and hero he stopped with his eyee on Fortesoae.' ' There oan be ho doubt, I suppose,' said the olergyman, that she'is Frenoh ? '. . 'I "doa!t -know! sir,' ; answered Hirsm. ' She may' be .a Boosiafa J tell' yer hoisting ooloursin wartimes is mere ohhatin'.' 1 Anyway/ pursued the. olergyman, she's gaining on fas ?' , Hand over fist,' answered Stone.' Them are propellers,' :Tve-j beard, -p! tea do best ge ' She's oertain to overtake us, then ?' Stone ehrogged hia shoulders, . Hiram feirnad to took ht tne steamer, the men giaocei 'Oyer-»iie 1eide<: or ap- alof Sr-; The siifpae tWas general,. and, m.ighcUy exp/essive, i :-tbipk:.')W,q.;.oqgh| (.fo; heave, to,' said Fortesoae .mildly. tlUUC j., \- Tnn.soh.jpner'e yours, sic;, you're my master; , whatever orders ypu give'll , be obeyed,' exoJaimsd Hifam, rounding rapidly on his. long legs- apd speaking .with ah eager ness, an, anxiety,.. thpt madsTou eae Ji'e wanted to be quit of tfifi responsibility, ' V , . What do yoa say,, men ?' exolaimed For tesoae, addressing them.; fYqc sse.hqw the case stands.,, Qay fcarapiay prove Imsgiaaryj bat in,, any oase ehe.is eertain.to outrun aB and snpposing ..it- opnpeiyahte eheiShovid.'be an enemy, ,we ae, not goiug to improre oar reception at :her haoda by , along and irritat ing ohase.V „ . ' . , ' Tfaat eeemB right enough, sir/ said Stone. ... , . .... . . , , 'If she's bound to overhaul ns, ' growled Breeches, ! why then , ehe must'.' ... 'Why, yea, of oonr-e, if ehe dew, she dew,' .orisd G'lldamith ; ' bat somethta' may happen,, an' I m (or beepin' all on as we're a goin'. Tima euongh to heave to. - says I, when sbe.regalar proper .fires at ns.' ; ' There . goes a seopni . gun, anyhow/ ob served. Archer., . : It wo aid have made a monkey laugh' to see the fellows stariog.np at. the .Bails and at the aea to observe .where and what .the ball was going to strike. . ..... I tell, ya ,wh»t it is, lads,' said Jamas Kitt, throwing a savage,, fighting look along he, schooner's , uaarmed deok, ' for an Englishman to be aimed at by a . Parley Yop without his hiving .eo much as a. squib tore, tarn the oomplimsnt with ia a dispensation as don't suit my bbek for. one. An tunning away from that tbtse-qoloured rag's as little to my..taqte, top. .. If it ! waa me, I'd down hellamand chance th'. odds,' .. '..Well, I'm agreeable,'. said Breeches. Nothen els.e .to.be done, as I can. see/ ex olaimed Sawyer., , . . . ', All rights . down hellam, then !' cried Duck. .. . . . ; 'It's your wish, sir?' said Hiram, 'What, choice have .we answered tbe clergyman,: not without anxiety ifa! his voioe, ae -he looked.at.the steamer. .; ' In. tor-'gao'sl l' .bawled. Hiram. 'Baok the. torps'l,!. . Down .staysail apd ..flying jib! Up . main taok !, She's, been ; sweated enough.', . ; . The . men sprang abont, those who would ha.ve re.monatra.ted sifa.othering .np .their ob- jtattons, and , .presently the schopoer was lying without headway opon.'her! b.o.wing .she long, . eteady, . rolling aea.. with a .regolar rbyshm.ical awing oratem.and'.stern, '.eypry' thing quiet aloft, and the orpw looking over the lep-rail at the. steamer : that, Be.sing the action qf the . schooner, had redaoed oanvae do.wn to bare pol-Kand washeafling for the' Weather quarter of fhe Golden Hope, flinging the .billpwa aft in spray .oyer her 'as her screw .drove her headlong throngh them. About' a quarter, of. an hour after the schooner bad been hove to, the sadden drop- pings ot the wind was like the weather's con firmation. of the. wisdom of Hiram in bring- ; ing his .vessel to a.stand. I t was oertaio it rendered the men more satisfied with what had been dons, more, particularly when they noticed as tbe .steamer grew; npon' the eea, :the euperb etateiincsB of-, her;, hall, her dominant ..shearing, of the lessening surge rising white to esofai cat-head, the rake of spar .whose : apggeBtipn.. of .speed.' was aaoentaated by the swift, pouring of smoke from the leaning fnnnel, and the. inimitable animation of tbe naked' fabric sis expressed in. the pulsation of blniBh. light in her wet sides, her shining leaps from .brow to, brow with the tviqoloqr Btreamipg at the gaff end, where. it faiight . now plainly be seen.; and as old fltone qoald.mark fare! long throngh' the glass, . the glittering of aniforms on the , bridge. ... ... i The breeze had settled sooth-east again, with ., something of .the Rteadinces of the trade f ina jn it, when the F.rfafaeh!nan,.aB tbe 'Bteamer waa now by . all. hands 'agreed to be, was , abont half a, mile distent. :, Her ap- prpaqh ..was . watched with .an. enxiety that beoame akindof fever.in thq more nervous ! 'Hiratn W.ith one .haod grippiog ihe. other bloodless,. ..Stofae "wiih folded .arms, iBceeahes sour,., but with the.Knglish sailor's doggedness in his faije, .Goldsmith; w.ith .'AKat antioipatiye; leer wfaiohi: as. a. prophetld ex pression, js good loir wbatfaver may :bappen ; and so .on, Mr, Fo.rteSoue, holding " Agatha's hand, thought to. himself, .' Sfappose Hiram is right— that there' fp as'beiwejfti England and Franoe and we are' taken prisoners !' and "T"1/ nnnised what was passing in his mind by the faoe he wofala turn rru— mn steamer to his, love, ' ; On the other hand, the girl asked no ques tions. ' It seemed, to bim as if her imperfect grasp of what was happening restrained her from interrogating him.- by the sensitiveness that springs from one's knowledge of one's ignorance- He wonld see her straining her eyes at the coming vessel, then glancing from his to the faces of; tbe men, With a con traction as of, earnest thought' in her fair brow, followed by a aide peep' of wistfnlness at. him. - whioh, whenever .she oaught. him notice.it, she'd endeavour, fo.a manner most affeoting to him. to oharse with a meaning he knew it. did not possess by uttering some commonplace as to the failure of the wind, the deadneee of the bloe wster brimming foamlesd past the bends of the stationary Bohooner, "and the like. The 8teamer ranged alongside to windward within 'easy , speaking distance. ' Her engines : stopped, sbefaame to a halt, and . lay. rolling npon the sea, showing brosd white., deok . with every leeward heave, a few oarro.n&des;, a long gnn in the bows, and whole masses of Bearaen; whose postures,- motions, - figures, dress, would have bespoken her origin and character though she had eome along with the red cross at all three mastheads and the most familiar ship's . name in the English tongne.writ large on eaob bow. ' O, ze sohoonalre eh-hy !' ehonted a man, twinkling in bqttons,: from the bridge, . . ... ? Hallo I', roared Hiram. . ' Yere you honni??; Hingland !' shrieked Hirsm. 'Ye veel eendi'a boat 1' bawled the little ebap . , .;, ' What for, sir ?' oried Hiram. 'Ve have a leetsl babee. here, an' ve ask yon to take beem.' . Hiram looked at Mr. Fortescne with a face from wbipb all human expression .appeared! to have vanished— -answering purely, to Jack's illastration, 'As loog aa awetswab! Well, I'm -jiggered !' .he :rapped out,| bringing hia ,open hand smartly, against bis! leg ; < to think we orew of EneUshmen; Biould ha' been running away allmornin'- frona— from a. little baby 1' tTO bs CONTTKUBB.) 