THE DAY OF REST. SERMON BY THE REV. J. WATS FORD. In connection with the Centenary Mission, a special sermon was delivered by tbe Hev. J- Wats ford at tbe Collins-street independent Cburch, Mel bourne, on 26th nit., to a large congregation. Tbe Bevs. Dr. Bevan, E. Dey, E. H. Sogdeo, M.A.,and several other ministers belonging to the different denominations took part in the service. The Rev. J. Wateford took his text from Isaiah sdlv. lto 6—" let now hear, O Jacob, my servant, and Israel whom," &c.; A MARVELLOUS GROWTH. He said This is onr centenary day. We are now •celebrating onr centennial birthday, lor Australia is to-day 100 years old. A short national life it is true, but a very marvellous one. When the extent cl our growth is considered in connection with tbe rapidity of our deveIopment.it is almost unparalleled. Among those engaged in forming the little settle ment in New Booth Wales in 1788, no one surely ever dreamt that in 18E8 there would be anything like whst we now behold—that on tbe small founda tion-stone then laid so noble a structure would be raised in so short a time ; that the tiny seed then planted would so rapidly yield so rich and plentiful a harvest. When we think of onr cities, large and beautiful; of our population numbered now by mil lions, and ever increasing; of onr widespread and prosperous commerce: of our vast ana valuable resources. When we think of our network of rail roads joining town to town, and uniting Queensland in the north, with New Sonth Wales and Victoria in the south, and South Australia in the west; of -onr telegraphic lines all over the country, and con necting us with New Zealand and Tasmania, and the old and new worlds; of the large and swift and magnificent steam fleets that ply along our coasts, •ana between our shores and those of distant lands, bringing us so near to England and America. When we think of our noble Institutions—literary, chari table, and religions—of our schoolB, our colleges, -ourunivenitles, our hospitals, our asylums, and our churches, and remember that all this is the growth and work of 100 years, we may rejoice over the past, -and take conrage for the future. IRE CELEBRATIONS. This centennial year there will be joy and rejoic ing all over onr land, because ,of these things. There will be addreBses and congratulations; there will be processions.and Illuminations'; there will be large and enthusiastic gatherings, with music and with song, and with eloquent orations; and there will be our great Centennial Exhibition, with its products and visitors from almost even land. But In all this joy and rejoicing we iear that on the pad of many there will be no recognition of the Lord our -God, no song of praise to Him from whom all bles sings flow. We ehall hear of the wisdom of our rulera and our legislators, of the shrewdness and skill of onr financiers, of the tact and push and per severance of our merchants and our tradesmen, and there can be no objection to this if there be no un seemly boasting and glorifying of ourselves. But we fear the many will say in their hearts—" Onr power and the might of ourown hand bath gotten us ibis wealth, end enabled us to do all this work, and tbe Lord our God, who gtvsth us this power to get wealth, and from Whom all good proceeds, will be by them altogether forgotten. THE PROGRESS OF RELIGION. But it must not be so with God's people. In all things we must recognise and acknowledge Him; and we think that all that Is referred to In our text is intimately connected in every way with our doing this. We should be thankful for the past, and there is so much to be grateful for—" The little one has become a thousand, and the small one a great nation." We have bad a large share of material prosperity. We have civil and religions liberty equal, if not superior to that in any land: and in -our Church work, although little has been done com .pared with what might have been done, yet we have had a good measnre of true success; and in all this we recognisethe hand of our God, and would praise Him "for His goodness and for His wonder ful works to the children of men." Our song to night is " Ihe lord hath done great things for as whereof we are glad." But in all our thanksgiving to God, in order that it maybe acceptable and well pleaBing In His sight,there must be a fuller conse cration, a giving up of all we have and are to Him, and that is ever associated with the blessing pro mised in the next—the more abundant outpouring of the Holy Spirit. We sometimes sing, and truly slug, " The sole return His love requires is that we ssk for more," and no offering of praise would, we think, be more acceptable to our God, than if, with hearts unfeignedly thankful, we went to His feet to night, presenting ourselves a living sacrifice to Him and cry, " Pour water upon the thirsty and floods upon the dry ground." 6TILL GREATER FAITH NEEDED. There is mnch in the paBt to mourn over, to humble us before God. ttending here at the close of the century and reviewing the past, we see how little, after all, has been done for our Lord and Master, how greatly in many things we have failed, how little influence wehave had, and now have, over the evils around, and how few'slnners have been con verted to God. And we mnst trace all this to its trne cause—the want of power from on high. When We have believed in the Holy Ghost, and have looked to Him, and trusted Him, He has come mightily upon us, and we have bad success : when we have lost sight of Him, and have gone to our work without Him, trusting in some power or powers of our own, then we have signally failed, and no wonder that we have. If to-day we sre mourn ing over coldness and leanness, over weakness and defeat, depend npon it the secret of ii all is here— the want of the full baptism of the Holy Spirit re ferred to in our text. MATERIAL WELFARE DEPENDENT ON RELIGION. 'That the prosperity of our land in the future will, to a great extent, depend upon our resources, -the wisdom of those who guide our affairs, and the earnestness and perseverance of the people, no one will attempt to deny; but, with all these, it will certainly depend, more than on anything else, on the influence that the Church, or religion, or our holy Christianity, will have on the hearts and lives -of the people. THE CHURCH AND THE STATE. The Church in this land knows no connection "with the State, needs no State patronage, no State -support, and allows no State interference in the management of her affairs; bnt the Churoh should ever exert a powerful influence for good over the State and all abont it, itB Parliament and its Press, its politics, and its commerce, its rulers -and Its legislators, and its people generally. And a true Cbnrch, a Church baptised with the Holy Spirit, wUl do this. Where the Church is corrupt, or cold and dead, -there will be no influence for good. Where the ministry is a more profession, and place and pay are the great things; where preachers shun to declare the whole counsel of God, or declare it in a way so cold and formal that it falls powerless on all who hear; where there is no yearning pity for the souls -of men, and no earnest effort to rescue the perishing —there iniquity will abound, and vice will flourish; their unbelief will grow, and evils gather that will bring a withering blight on the prosperity of any country, and surely sap the foundations of all true .national greatness. But 1st the Church be baptised with the Spirit; let our holy Christianity, in all its fineness and with all its power, be brought to bear -npon tbe nation, and all will feel it. It will restrain from evil, and impel to that wbich ie trne, and good, And noble. It will promote peace, and spread Happiness among all classes of tbe people; it will give a healthy tone and complexion to everything, and will secure to us tbe blessing of our God that maketb i icb. He will prosper out handiwork. THERE MUST BE A LIVING CHURCH. My brethren, there is no hope for any laud, for -our land, without a living Church—a Church bap Meed with the Holy Ghost. Unbelieving statesmen who wonld put God ont of HiB own world, and rule without Him, may deny this. A godleBs Frees that sneers at religion, end wonld treat the Chnich with contempt, may ridicule this; the secularist and the Infidel may iBugb at this; but all history proves it true, and the state of the nations of the earth to-day proves it true. The nations that have not served Uod have not had true religion, have perished and passed away altogether, or are found to-day in a low miserable condition, or, WTecked and ruined, still exist, only to warn us oi the danger of forgetting God. The Jewish people, rebellious and unfaithful, are outcast from God, end scattered wide through every nation under Heaven. The glory of Greece and Borne has long since passed away. Ho man in bis senses will say that Russia, or France, or Italy is a truly prosperous country. The two great nations, the British Empire and the United States, have more real prosperity than Is fonnd anywhere else under the sun, and they owe it Mi to tbe fact that, notwithstanding the many evils in tbem. they have a purer Christianity tban any other nation in \- tbe world. And all this is according to the teaching of the grand old Book that never ens, for It declares tbat " righteousness exalteth a nation," and " blessed is the people whose God is the Lord." Bow vast then is the importance of the blessed promise found in our text, and how precious should it be to every one of us! WHAT 18 THE PROMISE? ThiB promise 1b for ns. In all these chanters con nected with the text the Lord, by the month of ttie j prophet, speaks of Gospel days, tbe days in which we live, and in these days he says, " I will pour water," Ac. Of a similar promise Peter said, "Ihe promise is unto you and yonr children, and to all that are afar off, even to as many as the Lord yonr God shall calL" But what is included in this promise? What does it mean? The figure used is one often employed when the work of the Spirit is referred to, " He shall come down like rain on the mown grass. I will be as the dew upon Israel." 1' There shall be showers oi blessing." And one line in the text explains the other. In one we read, "I will pour water f and in the other, "I will poor ont my spirit," We have here then the promise of the outpouring of the Holy Spirit. Bnt all the terms used signify fulness, abundance. "I will pour." "I will pour floods." It is therefore a promise of the abundant ontpouring of the Spirit; and the promise of the abundant outpouring of the Spirit (1) on God's people thirsting for it; (2) on the children ol Qod's people; (3) on the Church and the world. 1\. The abundant ontponrlng of the Boly Spirit on God's people thirsting for it. THE MEANS OF SALVATION. Wherever there is a true penitent, there is the work of the Boly Spirit. No human power could ever accomplish tbat. When that penitent sinner comeB to God through Christ, trusting in Bia atoning work alone for salvation, God for Christ's sake pardons all hia sins, and the Spirit bears witness with his spirit that he is now a child of God, adopted, forgiven; and the witnessing Spirit renews hu heart, for the love of God is shed abroad in his heart by the Boiy Spirit given unto blm, and he is bom again. Be is now brought under the influtnce and gnidsnce of the blessed Spirit, and so long as he is faithful and continues to cleave to Christ, tbe Holy Spirit is with him, enlightening, comforting, guiding, and carrying on the great worn of sanctification. A HIGHER INSPIRATION. Now that is the ordinary experience of believers everywhere. But yon know from God's Word that there is something higher and more blessed still for those who would be wholly tbe Lord's, Take any one ol the epistles of Panl, and you will find that while it was written to believers, to men already converted to God, it exhorts them, nrgea them to seek for more, to seek to be sanctified wholly—to " be filled with the Spirit," to be filled with all the fulness of God. And yon know that God's Word tells oi a baptism of the Holy Ghost that will endow the worker for Jesus with power— with power for service, power to impress the truth upon others, power to be a successful witness for Christ—and all this is included in the promise con tained in the text. In the eeventh chapter of St. John we read, " On the last, the great day of the feast, Jesus stood and cried, saying, " If any man thirst let him come unto me and drink. ' He that believeth on Me, aa the &cripture; hath said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living waters." But this spake He of the Spirit which they that believed on Him were to receive, for the Spirit was not yet given, because Jesus was not yet glorified. Now, there can be no doubt that the first disciples had a measure of the Spirit while Christ was with them. After biB resurrection he breathed on them and said, " Receive ye the Holy Ghost," and yet he cnargedthem to "tarry at Jerusalem till endued with power from on high and Baid he, " Ye shall receive power when the Holy Ghost is come upon you " On the day of Pentecost the Holy Ghost came upon them as never before, and they were endued with power, so that under the first sermon thousands were pricked to tbe heart. We have entered into their labours; we have the same work to do; and we need the same power, and thank God, tbe promise is unto us. THE WORK FOB CHRISTIAN PARENTS. It is tbe work of all Christian parents to seek and labour for the conversion of their own children—a work this they can delegate to no one else; a work that cannot possibly be so well done by others, by ministers or teachers as by the parents themselves if they are only right. And this is their first work. We would give but little for his 2eal who would run to tbe ends of the earth to save sinners there, and leave wife and children at home unsaved and uncared for. No. We must begin there, "Go home and tell thy friends bow great things tbe Lord has aone for thee." And what encouragement have Christian parents to engage in this work. Bear what God Bays, " I will be a God to tbee and thine. I will save thy children. 1 will pour my Spirit upon thy seed, and my blessing upon thy off. spring." And how often has this promise been fill filled ? In every revival of religion that I have ever known, among tbe first converted have teen chll dren of godly parents. And bow many such bave been saved ? Think of the glorified ones around the throne, and the ^children of praying parents there. Could I draw aside the veil that hides them from our view, and show you the great multitude that no man can number, and could we ask them, How many of you, ye sainted ones, owe your salvation unaer God to tbe labours and prayers of pious parents, and did they reply, what a host would stand lorth to bear their testimony to the power of a father's counsels ana a mother's prayers. Then, think of the Church on earth and the children of Rodly parents there. I know it is sometimes Bald tbat tbe children of very holy Christians generally go astray—that if you show piety at home, and en deavour to lead your children to Christ while they are yet young, there will come a reaction some day, and they will run very far into sin. But that is not true. I know that in the best families there bave been prodigals; I know that a holy father's grey hairs have been brought in sorrow to the grave by the wickedness of an ungodly eon or daughter ; but such cases aresoonknown and widely reported. Iven ture to say that the sons of a hundred infidels might go wrong to morrowand you would never bearaword about who they were or what their fathers were; but let the sons of some prominent member ol the Church go astray audit will be published far and wide, and yon will soon know what church his father belongs to. But if you collect all tbe bad cases you will find that they are these exceptions and not tbe rule. Go into any church, and you will find that among its best members, among its best teachers, and among its best ministers, are the children of pious parents. I appeal to the congre gation in this church this evening, and ask yon who know anything oi the power of religion, what do you owe to Christian parents ? A SOUTH SEA ISLAND INCIDENT. There was a scene once in tbe Sonth Sea Islands that will never be forgotten. A native minister was preaching to a large congregation on tbe power of tbe Gospel of Jesus Christ to ralBe and save the vilest and tbe worst. Be said, as the tears rolled down his black cheeks, " The Gospel came to our land and it found me snnk in sin, and it lifted meupandmademeaman, and made me a Chris tian. It saved me, and who else has it saved!" Tbe Hiog, sitting near tbe preacher, started to his feet in s moment, crying, "It has saved me." And then another, and another, till there were scorea star ding in the church, and crying, " Glory to God, it saved me." Did yon, dear friends, reply to my question. What do you owe to pions parents 1 What a scene we should nave in this church to-night 1 One would rise here, another there, and another there, and say, "Glory to God, I bad a good father." "Praise God,I bad a praying mother." "Under God, all I have, and ail I am, I owe to codly parents." With this precious promise, then, before us let each parent ask, Are my cbildred saved! And U they are not, why are they not 1 Is it becanse we are un saved ourselves? Ie it because professing to be Christians, we bave not been consistent, and so bave set onr children against religion? Is it because we do not feel concerned for tbelr salva tion? Is it becanse we have never pleaded God's promise in faith? Is it because we have not re ceived the promise for ourselves? Oh, let us each press the question home, and be determined to find the correct anBwer. But some of yon are the Lord's, you are striving to serve Him with a perfect heart and with a willing mind. God has given yon the Spirit, and he has heard your cry for your children, and has saved some of them. Bat others are still unsaved, without God, and without hope;and this is tbe burden of yonr life. How you have prayed and wept, God only knows, and yon are sometimes tempted to think that you have prayed and wept In vain. No, no my brother, my sister, yon have not wept, yon bave not prayed in vain, God has heard yonr prayer and He will answer. O, cling to the promises, and pray and plead till the Lord shall say to yon, "Great is thy ialth; be it nnto yon even as thon wilt." In one of my meetings, where many were seeking God, a yonng man in deep distress cried out, " Oh, God, my dear mother's prayers are answered at Isat," and there fourteen thousand miles away from where sh6 was praying for him,God saved her boy. Fathers, mothers,.iet Ibis be oar cry this centennial year, "Our eons and daughters all for JetfUB," end let the fervent, believing prayer go op to heaver, " Pont Thy Spirit upon onr seed, and Thv Maultiff fin An* offonnno " Thy blessing on onr offspring." THE CHtmCH ADD THE WOKLD. Wherever the Gospel Is faithfully preached there is the Boly Spirit to do His wort; there the power of the Lord is present to heal, and if men are Brit saved, it is not because the Spirit does not strive with them, but because they resist the Holy Ghost. Bnt while there Is always power attending Che preaching cf the pure Gospel, there is sometimes greater power. All who Enow anything of the work of God know this. Sometimes the work of the Spirit is like the dew, sometimes like the gentle rain, the showers, but sometimes it Is like the flood. There are circumstances and surround ings when the gentle showers would not me:t the ca>-e: the floods ere needed, and the floods come. The Church is sometimee^very much like the land of Israel when there had been neither dew nor rain for three years and six months, and everything was parched, withered, dgn^ Bnt the promise ol rain bad been given, and Elijah was on the mount pray ing for it, and noon the clond, as little as a human hand, appeared and spread o'er the thirsty land, and there was a great rain. The gentle rain was not sufficient; thty needed abundance of rain, and it was given. And so it is often with the Chutob. CONCLUSION. Oh, that the earnest and continued cry may go up to heaven from every Church and from every hesrt. " Pour water upon the thirsty, and floods npon the dry ground," and do It this centennial year. And why not this year ? Is God not willing to biers } Is he not faltbfnl to His promise 7 Is He not ready to save 7 While we are calling will He not answer? Why not to-dBy? Why not now? We are here assembled together, members of different Churches, but with one longing desire, one piayer, and with one accord. Why not now? Why not now? O, come Great Spirit come; descend, and crown us now with Are. 