THE SOCIAL OIKCLE Garden Partt at Pabuamest House. Tiio most charming Mo of the season was that given on tho 5th mat. by the lion, tho Speaker and Mrs M. H. Davie. The recetitinn of the crncntR (nnmhrrrorr about . POO) took pine? in the tjnccn's IIoll, and the . former then p.vnsd on thr ".igh tlie library ami Other rtwins in'-) tliy fp.icious groniuls at tho year of tho building. The nrnitmont opening on to the steivj was converted into a temporary "eonoervatory, arid t tin viow of tho gaj scene to .bo witnessed fvum it induced many to remain there for a titu®. Two large refreshment marquees were creoto<lon tho well-kept lawnp, and Horr ;Plock's admirable band was stationed beneath 'tbo steps. In the comro of the gromidi was a (portion devoted to the quartette p trty (com- . prising Madnnm Ohrwtian, Mre Palmer nnd ( Messrs 0. M. O. Edwards and Gordon-Goocli), „ofid seats were placed in all directions fer the accommodation uf tiiuso presont. It was 'difficult to realise that the fair picturo of i flowers, trefee. smooth grcsn sward, brilliant sunshine and blue sky, with tho ever-olraugiuir : group of gaily droned neople, and tho strains . of sweet music and still, sweeter voices, wn ;'soparated by uoh a short distanco from tho , noise and busy whirl of tho great city, and ex pressions of pleasure and admiration wero to bo heard on every side. Tho programme rendered by ITorr Plock's Band was a varied and wcll-choion ono. Amongst the numbers were selections from "Wagner, Keler Beln; Fahrbach, Vordi, Gungl, Chopin, etc. Tho quartettes were— -Tli'-rois Music by tho River, Blue Bells of Scotland, Down in a FJoiv'ry Vale, Mikado, Home, Sweet Homo, and Sloep, Gontlo Laay. /The voices sounded very delightful in the open nu, and the singers wero uiuch ap plauded. The numerous scats and chairs around the xawn-reunis couro were constantly occupied, though only a few joined in the popular , Messrs Ediinger and Goetz wero caterers on . tho t occasion, and displayed their usual ..efficiency as to tho arrangemeuts of the tables and tho attention showed thoao who visited the marquees. The supcrlntcndancc gouernlly . was iu the hands of the manager, Mr Shelley. Mrs M. H. Davles was in block ami belts- . trone, and earned an exquisite bouquet of .violets, jessamine and other white blossoms J yolled with maldon-Iiair fronds ; Miss Mercer, . iQ prune silk, with velvet trimming and fancy i atraw bonnet ; Miss — Mercer, costume of : gobelin-blue, with white straw bonnet to match ; Lady Kicohon, grey, with striped panels of darker chado, nud bomiut en suite; Miss Nioolson, very pretty toilette of whito . and heliotrope 1 .Lady Clarko, olivo green, with .Oriental trimming?, and rrcam vest, greou and old gold bonnet; Mrs Rupert Clnrke, grey ..silk, with gilt bonds ; Mlu O'Loghhm, navy- jbluo, with gold galloon trimming j Mrs J. C. lHain, pale-blue, and bonnot relieved with pink 5 Mr Oouchman, in black ; Mrs Clmrlos i Young, blaok silk, velvet cloak and drew?, jlwnnet to agree; Mws Young, goboliu-bluo ,nat of darker shads of velvet : Mm Wilson, in black ; Mrs Cumming, black brocade and lace ; Mrs Fltohstt in black; Miss Coppin, brown toilette; Mm Briggu, black , dress, beaded .mantle and grey bonnet; Mrs rMgrkhaiu, plain and striped brown costume. . jhafe en suite; Mrs Shield, black satin, striped .Aoire, and plain merveilloux apd jet f Mrs P. Moloney, cream and old gold, straw bonnet ; trimmed with velvet and brown wing; Mrs (Oain, fawn satin aiid cream lace bonnet with pink plume; ilirs B. Llewellyn, in plok tot- latte; Sirs Torrance, dark terra. cotta ; Mrs ooper, toilette of doH'tc lavender and white litoo bontjet to match; hlrs Teatar, black silk anq laco. with blaok and coral pink iQonnot; Mrs John .Turner, prune mervemcux qfld velvet, with bonnet to agreo; Mrs Ofimond, grey broobe and plain taerveilleur, white opnpot with Pink and white plumes; Mrs ;fforbps, lavender costume, block and crimson coltume; Miss Beattie, black toilette ; Mrs ,Arkle, black silk, lace and jet, with black. and Cardinal bonuob. Atnongat the other present at tho/ete were : W. Stawsll an-.l Lady Stawell, the IBIahop of Melbourne and Mrs Goo, the Rov J>r Mercer, the hon Duocan Gillies, Sir Jamea MocBain, hLL.C., and Lady MacBuin. Sir Arthur Nlcolson, Sir VV. J. Clarke, CantaTn . iirilarton, R.N., Lieut.-Colonels Tompieton noa Oouchman, Mr Gudemnn (under v?e9?l,rS')) Jackson (Commisionor of .Audit), Messrs J. C. ilam M.L.O., and G. Cop- ipin. M.L.A., Mr Le Cren, Judgo Copo, Mr lOBd Mw Hayter, Mr W. Smibert (Deputy « , Brurfidourgeon and Mrs ;KaIton tho P. Later (late Speaker), hon. J, Wood, G. D. Langridgo, and Tuckor ; fMesjrs J. Mirainv, Bosuito, J. Harris D .Oaunson, Koye, M's.L.A.. Mr and Mrs Salter .(of Ballarat), Major and Mrs Goldstein, Dr -and Mm Horncks, Mr Thomas (Secretary of (the Premier), Mr Testar, Drs Shields and jHooper, Mr W. Templeton, Mr nnd Mrs jPne8tlyrMr Beattiq (Mayor of Prahran), Mr and lus K, W. DickaomMr and Mrs Ingram, /Mr and Mr G. Brace, Cra. .lolm Turner, W. vOatni Arkle, Forbes, Pilley and Osmond, the IMiBBcsHanna, Mr A. Fletcher, Dr and Mrs 1 Burke, ltov Dr Torrnncu, Rov J. Fjtchett, Sir .Sjipwden, Sir Brownie, (Town Clerk of St ;Kilda) and Mrs Brownie, Mem Willoughby, Campbell, Morkhom, Briggs, etc., otc., ' Tho beautiful flooring of tho vestibule at- .tractod much attention, as did tho finished tJDOuei of the Parliament House. The former is from a plan by tho frchitcct, MrKorr, but fte I choice ofmloring i, from Uio Minton 'rpttory, which has furnubed the very hand- ,nmo oncamtlo tile.-. Tho centra allows tho :KoyaI Arins.aud thn spandel in oooti corner tho .Friuco of Wales' feathern. From tho centre aro radiating, circles, and tho following text from Proverbs:— "Where no council is, tho ; people fall, bufc m tho multitude of counoillors tborc is safety." Flours do Lys and Laurel jBproys (istnblems of noblo acts and of royalty), .With a symbolical entwining cord, tvhoae meaning was not so clear, wero also jwrtions of tho elaborate design.' ..Mr Herancted as conductor to thoqunrtetto. eSictently ! 1>erfornioc5 hia Pn«moab 