THE RACING- CARNIVAL. VICTORIA RACING CLUB SPRING MEETING. THE CUP DAY. AN UNPARALLELED ATTEND ANCE.' Ah far back as Htoratuvo extends we find norso racing a favorito pursuit amongst tho nations most advanced in civilisation. The pastimo was a passion amongst the ancient Greeks, and at Athens one month in tho year was called Hippodromius or Horse Race Month. Amongst many of tho ancient races tho pastimo formed part of the religious celebrations, and it may be that the opposition displayed towards tho practice by tho early Christian Church was of its connection with the I'agan faiths rather than because of its being wrong in itself. Old customs, however, woro stronger than ecclesiastical authority, and ulti mately' liorso races came to bo recognisod as a legitimate part of tho obsorvancos of religious festivals. At how early a period tho English became addicted to the sport is unknown, bub in tho " Des cription of the City of London," by William Fitzstephon, written in 1174, we find tho following description of a horse race at Smitlifield, wliich does not differ materially from nn account of a similar contest at Flemington in our own days : " Whon a race is to be run by such horses as these, and, perhaps, by others which in like manner, according to their breed, are strong for carriage and vigorous for the course, tlio people raise a shout and ordor tho common horses to bo withdrawn to a different part of tho field. Tho jockeys, who aro boys export in tlio management of horses, whicli tlioy regulate by means of curb and bridles, sometimes by threes and sometimes by twos, as tho match is made, prepare themselves for the contest. Their chiof aim is to prevent a competitor getting before them. Tho horsos, too, after their manner, are oagcr for tho race, tlioir limbs tremble, and, impatient of delay, they cannot stand still. Upon the signal being given they stretch out their limbs, hurry on tho coarse, and are borne along with unremit ting speed. Tho riders, inspired by the love of praise aud the hope of victory, clap spurs to their flying horses, laahing them with whips and inciting them by their shouts." According to the old romance of Sir Bovys of Hampton, knights in the reign of Richard I. rode at Whit suntide over a three mile courso for "forty pounds of ready gold." In 1512 public races wero established at Chester, and a silver medal of a value of three shillings and sixpence or more was given as a prize to the man who should run the best and furthest on horsoback on Shrove Tuesday. James L, of pious memory, was a notable patron of liorso racing. Ho ran races at Croydon and En field. He endeavored to improve the breed of horses by purchasing at a high price Markham's Arabian, bat the speculation was not very successful, since the horse was beaten in every race for whicli it was entered. Charles I. was also a patron of tho turf, and Charles II. gave a fresh im petus to horse racing which had declined during the civil wars. Both Clarendon and Popys allude to races at Barnstead Down, the then name of Epsom Downs, bo that the famous English race meeting can boast of comparatively high antiquity. Queen Anno was not only much addicted to horse racing, but she gave gold plates to be com peted for, and ran horses for them in her own name. Gradually the sport was firmly established as a national pastime, tho races were made periodica) aud the value of tho prizes greatly increased. The passion for horse racing lias been developed in several of the Continental countries, moroespecially in France, Gormany and Austro-Hungary, and on soverai occasions Continental horses havo competed successfully in tho leading races on the English turf. As might havo been expected, tlio earlier settlers in North America carried the love of the national eportwith them into their new homes, and racing has developed with the growth of the nation, until now there are some 1500 racing events in tho States every year, the aggregate value of the prizes being a very large sum. That something akin to worship of the horse, especially in its highest develop ment, should bo accorded by the whole Teutonic race has often oc casioned surprise and an inquiry as to tho origin of this sentiment. It is quite possible that it is In great part due to hereditary instinct. Amongst the warlike tribes of ancient Germany re verence for the horse formed part of the national religion. Whito horses, uncon- taminated by labor, wore kept as sacred animals, and fed at the public expense. Their neighiugs and their motions were carefully observed by tho priests, and de ductions drawn from them as to the will of tho gods. A mode of ascertaining whether a meditated expedition would be successful or not was to lead tho sacred horse back wards and forwards over nine lances laid on the ground at a given distanoe from each other. If tho lances wore untouched the expedition was undertaken, and if any wero displaced it was abandoned. One of the popular superstitions connected with the liorso was that the favorito steed of a warrior if slain at his funeral would serve him in the other world as it had done in this. Hence it is that in the German legends there are numerous references to mounted ghosts. This old Germanic super stition is pourtrayed in the following pas- sago from Burger's Lenore : — Dcr Monil sclioint hell, Hurrah I tlio Toil ten rulten sulinelL Even now the horse superstitions linger in the outlying districts of Northern Europe, anil maidens will listen at tho midnight hour of Christmas for the neighing of a stallion, which fortells a suitor before mid summer. Faith in tho prophetic powers of the horse has not descended to us, unfortu nately. If it had, a consultation with the stable would have a different signification than it has now. It would, however, have depended very much upon who worked the oracle whether the sporting world as a whole would havo benefited. The book makers, if they had bod access to the sacred horses yesterday, would havo been on their guard, and refrained from reck lessly betting against Mentor, and their countenances would have been more rotund last night. Judging by the extravagant denuncia tions whicli have been burled against horso racing by the " unco guid " in this colony, the question may be fairly put whether tho prevalence of this pastimo does not really denote a high order of civilisation. Amongst the ancient Greeks it had a place in tho national games, none of whicli wero degrad ing, or tainted with cruelty either to men or to tho lower animals. So much cannot bo said of the Romans, the. chief charm of whose public amusements was the shedding of blood, human and bestial. That civilisation was on the declino during tlio wholo existence of the Roman Empire is evidenced by tho con stantly increasing taste of tho multitudo for brutal spectacles. Combats of wild beasts, or of men with beasts, would no more have beeu tolerated in Greece in the days of' its freedom and glory than they would be in Australia now, and yet fchev were the national pastimes of the people who ruled the Romau world for centuries'. The rise of horse racing and its growth in ' popular favor in England, moreover, is coincident with the advance of intelli gence and tho softening of manners. In tho first instanco horse races were pationised chiefly by the classes whose means enabled them to obtain some degree of refinement, the uncultured masses re taining their predilection for bull and bear baiting and cock-fighting. It is not so very long since the saying, "that a merciful man is merciful to his beast," hud no mean ing for largo numbers of Englishmen. Man's inhumanity to man was inveighed against, but 110 rights were accorded by popular sentiment to the lower animals. In a book of sports intended to suggest harmless amusements for the youth of both sexes, published li the seventeenth con tury, with the approval of many clergymen of tho English Church, and held at tho time to be a work which heads of families might with confidence place in the hands of their children, there is a paragraph entitled, " How to make rare fun with cats." Tho recipe is to fill the divided shells of walnuts with boiling pitch, into which the cats' feet wero -to bo fixed. The cats were then to ho liberated, and their pattering on tho wooden floors of tho dwelling as they rushed about in their agony was the " rare fun " which tho youthful innocents were to enjoy. It can hardly bo said that the element of brutality is as yet eliminated altogether from the English character. There is u good deal of ground tor the sarcasm of the Frenchman who says that the English country gentleman's first remark at break fast is, " "What a beautiful morning. Let us go out and kill something !" Young Australians have developed a taste for snake hunting, and its exhibition occasionally astonishes new chums not a little. An English gentleman accompany ing a young lady on a ride through the hush was greatly surprised when his com panion suddenly threw her reins to him, slipped oir her horse, plucked her stirrup iron from the. saddle, and rushed into the scrub. Tho gentleman began to suspect a sudden access of insanity, but was re assured by the return of his fair com panion with tho body of a scarcely dead snako on a Btick. This vendetta is ox- cuaablo on tho grounds of self defonco ; bub is there any such excuse for tho cultured and Christian ladies aud gentlemen who assemble at a coursing match to worry with dogs a lueek and inoffensive hare ? Wherois the humanity displayed by the men who spend many hours in tracking and watching a gentle deer, with the view of taking tho animal's life, although it has never harmed them, and although they do not require the flesh of tho beast to sustain their own lifo 1 Those field sports aro but the survival of the habits of the barbarous times whon our progenitors had to provide themselves with food by tho chase, and the almost universal taste for such pastimes is an unpleasant reminder of the slight ad vance we have as yet made from the con dition of primeval man. Sometimes there appears to be something of retrogression. A thrill of horror ran through England somo years ago when an account ot a battuei in which a royal princo and a number of noblemen took part, was published in the newspapers. A number of deer wero driven into an enclosed space, and the royal and noble sportsmen blazed away at them until the whole were slaughtered. In tho pigeon matches, which aro so popular with a section of the community, there is the same brutal disregard of animal suffering displayed, it being possible to show tho accuracy of tho marksman's aim quite as well in other ways as by the wanton killing and maiming of a number of inoffensive birds. Few if any of tho 120,000 people who as sembled at Flemington yesterday would tolerate cruelty in any form, and it may bo concluded, therefore, that horse racing as now practised is quite consonant with the sentiments of a kindly people. The lament able accidents whicli betel two of tho com petitors for the Cup were of the nature of mishaps to which mau and beast are alike liable, and were not the necessary results of rac ing. The horses as a rule share the emulation of their riders, and probably derive as much pleasure from the contest as do the spectators. It is recorded that on one occasion a horse whoso rider was thrown in the course of the race continued his career and eame in the winner. Owners of race horses will hardly as yet be prepared to dispense with jockeys on the strength of this example ; but when we see horses at Wirth's circus indulging in waltzing and jigs we may hesitate to say that at no future time will it bo possible for uncontrolled horses to voluntarily run a set race. The ordinary objections lie not so much against racing itself as against the gambling which is associated with it. This, of courso, went on yesterday as usual, and there does not seem any practicable means of putting a stop to it so long as human nature remains what it is. We cannot hope that gambling would cease if horse races were abolished. People bet upon all manner of uncertain evonts. Who will be the successful candidate of a political election is sometimes the subject of as muoh betting as a horso race ; and we learn that enormous sums of money are staked in America on the issue of tho election of President. Legislation of a veiy drastic character has been resorted to in England from time to time with a view of suppressing the evil, but it is not certain that it effected much good. Tho Stato can do little moro than provide penalties for unfairness, trusting to the gradual elevatiou of the moral tone of tho people for tho suppressiou of tho vice. It was apparent yesterday that a large part of the assemblage at the races consisted of people who did not attend for gambling purposes, and whoso object was to obtain a day's outing and a day's enjoyment, and thoy woro not disappointed. The day was magnificent, and in the minds of tho numerous visitors from the other colonies the Melbourne Cup Day of 1888 will long be associated with pleasant memories. 