CHAPTEB XVII. i. COLOSSAL FOBT0NE. It came over him sometimes like a dumb, restless sense of horror. Should he ever for get ? No; that was quite impossible, even if it were his doom to live a hundred years, like that old crone he saw at the Dutch wayside Inn. He bad hoped that as time went on "the re membranoe of his sin might grow fainter, bat instead of that it seemed at times to be crashing him. Even when he thought that for a while all was forgotten, the preeenoe of an indefinable something jarred dolly against his consciousness, and he felt that it conld never be shaken cff,- If Laura had lived, per haps—bat no; even with her the Bhadow would have been ever beside him. Slowly he settled down to the oonviotion that he should never know happiness again, and cursed his fate, and almost cursed God. Sometimes he .wondered at his own apathy, his eaBy giving np to circumstances, and longed for an insane impulse to raBh off somewhere and travel, to forget in dissipation his self-made trouble, but the inclination was gone forever; at least he fancied so. The splendor of Alderboughs became at times intolerable to him, and he wandered with a sick heart from room to room, all effort palsied, always carrying with him the fearful ghost of the past. Nobody came there; for he had made friends of no body; the servants talked mysteriously of singular noises in the house, and how they heard the old lord tramping up and down. Lights were seen in strange oof-of-the-way places, and Lord Dunniston would go on long, Bolitary tramps, and come home at unheard of hours. The only thing he seemed to take any interest in was the steward's visits and accounts, and yet Stains, the steward, was a cold, dark-looking man, who had a deformity in his mouth which was scarcely hidden by iiia moustache, and articulated with diffi culty. Ones Dunniston had written to his friend, the solicitor, and begged him to come and bring Dotty, playfully adding that his hair was growing gray; but the careful solicitor, in return, declined the honor. People began to talk about the solitary lord, who invited no one, and went nowhere. His old acquaintances had formed new associa tions, and new men feared snubbing. Once Mrs. Lsslie, with whom he was com fortably familiar, asked him why he did not give dinners, and have people out for shooting and fishing, and he answered in a early man ner, that five hundred a year scarcely kept the estate in repairs, and himself in decent clothes. " Ah, but that's easily remedied," she said. " Pray how, Mrs. Lsslie," "A little society would bring you a rich wife. There's many a lady who wonld be glad to exchange her thousands for a title. But if ye don't go out, and nobody comes in, how will yon get her?" " A conundrum I can't answer," said he, trying to be facetious, and sat down to think. Then bis face brightened. " By the Lord Harry, I will," he said. "Ill be a fool no longer. Isoline Huntlyl By Jove, how her Bplendid presence would lighten up. this old house 1 And she's the richest woman in New York. I'll write to her this moment." So he wrote, and sent the letter by that day's post. " If I get a favorable answer, I'll try the Atlantis again. ' In for a penny In for a podnd.' It's not twice in his lifetime a man gets wrecked." That day he was in high spirits. He had sworn lie would forget. He bought Mrs. Les lie a new silk gown, and began some repairs he had contemplated. Nothing would suit frim but the pulling down with bis own hands, for he fancied he had a gift, for me chanics; so while he was in the midst of yellow dust, and no end of splinters, his man came to say that a visitor had called. " Who is it!" he asked, impatiently. " 'Era's his card, sir," He took it and read: " Rev. E. C. Dutton, " Vicar, All Hallows." "Who the deuce is he?" he muttered, and went hot and cold. It was in the church of All Hillows he had married Eden Wane. »Ab, that little village of Streatford, how often he had oursed it in his heart. Poor E len, Bhe found the way to his love, but did not know how to keep it. If she had tyrannized over, him, ever so little— had been a person of moods, so that one could not have depended upon her temper—if she had made him coax her, or ecold her, if she had b sen wilful or exacting, he would still have found in her something to win him, but she loved him too much, and allowed him to see it. Instead of his wife, she was his slave. His will was her law; he was bible and God, and to him she yielded such implicit obedi ence that he ended by despising her. She had not the arts and witcheries of the women of the world, you see. S'le was always a child, in a certain sense. Sie had no manner, few accomplishments, and betrayed her origin. In one word she was too angelic lor him. All this time we have left the rector stand ing in the library where he had been ushered. ; A tall, keen, intdleotual-looking man, whose large, deep-sat eyes and firm, beautiful month made him a striking-looking, if not a hand some man. He glanced round at the noble array of books, the pictures, boats, statuary, that made the room a paradise to him. Pre sently, Lord Dunniston, who lhad exchanged his dust-covered blouse for a plain black ccai, came in, bowed, placed * chair (or his visiter, took one himself. *' You do not, I presume, remember me," said the former. "I am sorry to say I am at fault," an swered Lord Danniston. . . " 8 ix years ago"—LordDanniBtonahivered • little—11I wasthe oorate of Ohrist'fl Church, Strealforf. ^u^o^I^.Teoall me,*nd avwobder. •iejiowri ijgiiiaiiiiiij The living I baveBMl^ilr^'ydair. uncle, ^HUH^enerbowSm\ " > .-'v; " I remember yoa yeiy wdL X wiok^or some teftsoa orbUiw, Jwwent '1»y the name ofDiefrWattertf^ '■ " A part of my aaiiie," said the other, who was igaatly gathering ophie energies, feel ing thata time wu Mniiog to wbioh at least one man's souVwouliJbe tried. «I esw you often atcburob.and always in 3he Qom^Tiy ol EdM^W&neV; the d&tighter; ot old I^nard,'"ithe-iEr^MEfcVf-.'' . . : Danni&rcn; couIdonlyBow. " When she left the pillage, scarcely more than a looking 4pwn, "as yon may|8bppoBe,ramor dealt unfairly, with her jum>. ^ io common with the rest, :„"■ Danniston frowfigfL'l~ ' ..vr • '• . «« But, ivo years ijic, her father, on his toth-bed^ealad marriage with yon, also yonC^peetatwn*." -. "What!" oned^Pahhiato'n. >jgtttftin^:for ward, 'Mbthe.oldloaan.dead?"", ■ «« Both piurfatB arte .dead; they Sid within a week of e»°h other of malignant lever, nearly two yews ago." " And wh|t is the object of your present Call?" ■ X, •'•.!• . • . • ' V •' "Iheard|lyoorreiurn ttere^iliord Dan hiBtDn.And&^typttit^ backbone." 1 - " /"Tea "Died! changed countenance. ■ sA flushdeepened the intensity of his ezprietenon; heeonght in hie coat»flaps for his: hairffrflrohiief,. found. it, wiped his forehead, leaning forward a.little. •• It is something- of a/dioak.to rne^ yon will perhaps understand-it whentl say, fur* ther—that—that littleE den Wane was very dear to me. I had known h6r from .child Ihood; I—well, i have nevermarried and never shall." . I Having stated She case thus delicately, the vioar wiped bis*iorehead again/restored the handkerchief to its plaee, -and eat bolt up right. ~ * • " In that ease/' be said, partly to himself, partly to Lord Daoniston,who sat outwardly cool, tapping the edge of the tal^e Boftlywitb his fingers, " the advertisement will do no good." ' **. ; "Theadvertisement,"said Lord Dannis ton. " It isn't possible that yon advertised her?" ' . .• "We certainly .did," eaid the vicar, mildly; " and when-yon hear.ibp circum stances, which I ski; yoa do "not know, yoa will not wonder. * Perhaps yon - never knew that Farmer - Wane had a brother, who, in his youth, was rather a reckless sort of a man." <• -*»■ " Oh, yes, I have heard,"saidljord Dan-, nieton, abstractedly. " Hia same was Law, or Lowry, or something of that sort." " Hia iiame was "Lswin. He was twenty one when .he emigrated to Anstralia. That was neatly twenty years ago." • "I remember «ow the old man nsed to write to him," eaid Damuston. " Oh, yes, they always kept up a corres pondence till the oil man died; Miss Eden's father, I mean. Within the year news has come of this lie win Wane's death.'. He left a large fortune, an. extraordinary fortune, I may say." Danniston now was all attention. Due had come into his eyes, his.llimbs, his motions; an eager,'wistful' look, took the place of his former pasnvity. " And he left it," be queried, anxiously, his lips parted. "He left it to the old psople, hia brother and wife; and it they were not living it went to their daughter Eden.". " A.tid—and—how much,?": faltered-Dan niston, eagerly. " Twenty thousand a year." Danniston clutched both- hands secretly, and set his teeth hard. He could have cried out in his anguish, " Good God, what have I done?"'but he never moved or epoke.only grew paler and paler, and, bis breath came shorter and shorter. Never occurred 'the words mora forcibly to human comprehension than to him at that moment: " Thou haBt destroyed thyself.*' "Failing her,-who does it go to?" he asked, in a weak voice, which scarcely eounded like his own even to himself. " To several prominent charities," was the reply. "Yes, I understand." He Crashed his fore heaxd with his hand in an unsettled manner. " So you—yon advertised." "Ob, yes, nearly two monthBBgo." "In English papers?" ... ■/' " Bath English and American." " And yon will wait—how long V' "Bag yonr pardon; I don't quite under stand." " Being satisfied as to her death, how long before this—this money will be applied V' " That I cannot tell. Of course you will give us every information respecting her de cease, and very probably-it will take the'law yets some time to settle the case. It generally does when there is- so much money in the question. . I think you said ' she died in America." * .' " Yes," Baid Danniston, seoretly writhing. " Of course there is no chance for the hus band. You know sometimes the wife's for tune—" „ " Ab, if she had oome into it while living, said the vicar, comprehending the drift of the question, " she could,' ot course, have willed it to yon, but. as it is, the law takes it into custody; at least for the present." . " Miserable fool I Madman !" These words he seemed to himself to yell, as he sat there, in condemnation of himself. The pers piration rolled from his brow—he hardly, knew what to do or say. ; " I suppose," said the vicar, in hia calm voice, " the fact of your wife'a detvth ia i»rti-, lied to—in case proof should be required." «'i—that I could not tell yoa—in fact I: was not with her," returned^.jibe- miserable^ man. j " Not with her 3 Not with your wife! O'a, you mean probably that you were somewhere; i abroad—at all events away from home."' ; " I mean so euoh thing," eaid the new lord, doggedly. " We—we ^Barrelled. She went her way, I went mine." ^ j Tbe vicar bad «lo«ty drawn Jjimsdf back-j ward jji look of distrost gathered on .hia lacs 1 and clouded it. ■' . '»Qaarrelled lf-E3en Wane!—whose tarn per was as placid as that of an infant's, wbo, U L were to critioise, I ahould aaj hsd not native fone of character enough toaeflert ber- < self even if wronged. I can hardly realiae i^ You, in plain Ea^lisb, left her." / ; •« Bhe left jne. Pirdon me, it ia not a plea 1 sant thing to think of, muoh less to talk abont." .. " And I should say—pardon me—bai there are formaliUea, yon kaowv to be gin® through with, in order to obtaw ^odtiva proof of orto's death ander aaoh t&texim;* stances." * "1 heard of her death thrarcghaho&daejrv;^r of mine," ssid Daaniiton, setting his 10th again. "Then it was 1 decld^to^ootluilkadK to England. Ipledge yoa mywoxdldidnot know ot my unole'a deatb till I. was nearly two days' sail from New York." » Bat, perhaps,, the annonucem^ofybur wife's death was incorrect. Tfop do yotn nioir it is true? Did yoa make inquiries,ia order to eatielyyourseft,or—" t'V( *'v "Pardon me 1" Daapiston dww op stiffly, *' what JLItMe kao«£ei3g« ll limw impart I dwdl be Tery.hapj^ tp offcr to tto' proper authorities.'- ^ *'B sally I—" «aid the vioar, risingi " I snppbse I am overstepping tbe honnfle olaiy office—bat you will remember .aik4o mei■, Eden Wane was the one woman in ^tha world," and, ^ie Wood ia^g^4ft,«h8|dW| brqwa-ancl throat, he made a low and formal jl^irvwijiiookbiBleftye.' ■ something about that maa I don'i like.'VmutteredthG vie&r;, as he pawed down thobrosd Stone -arteps leading to: the upper terrase, "Confoond his impertinence 1'' said Dan ai8too,andeir his breath. "What tight had hetocatechisaine iif that -J&ahicm; ? Heaven 1. oonld he have suspected any thing?" •' Trifles light as air are rooks like the nether millistone to a hardened and gnilty conscience. Dannie ton eet aboat studying what he had said, how deported himself, and then be re membered that all his misery and crime re sulted from a longing to be rich—and here a coloseal fortarne had been so near to hia hand. He was constantly picturing to him seU what he might have done, what he might have been, even with a fair and helpless wife likeJBden. ; ; ** Ah,might It not have been Eden here?" These thoughts preyed upon him till his brain grew hot. He foresaw all kinds of triable in store for him.. Suppose his crime ahonldbe discovered. His valet had been giro vedwortblesB—-though in reality he knew nothing of the facts as they had ooenrred— hut to Danniston, everything was clouded with uncertainty. He was reaping the fruits of hiB wrongdoing, and suffering irom the immntabte lawof compensation^which always, was andalways will be inexorable. " The-best thing I can do," he said, gloom ily, ^is, tashoatmyselJL," To be Continued. 