GEZA POLINSKI. A Russo-Jewish Rom an ob. Chapter XIV. " T T was Geza Polinski's knife. How came he with it ? I afterwards I learnt that the Czar expressed the idea that the scene might be made more realistic by the employment of such a weapon. But who sug gested the idea to the Czar? I know. ' Come, Count,' he said, taking me by the arm, ' brace up or your nervousness will destroy the effect! Are your thoughts concentrated upon your victim, and upon the way in which to murder?' ho asked; and how earnestly he looked at me. 'Quite, ' I replied, with firmness, for by this time I had fully entered into the ex periment, and the novelty of the idea excited and moved mo strangely. Then ho blindfolded himself and pressed my left hand to his forehead. Madly we rushed across the room; he with his left hand pressed to his brow, and I with the knife held firmly in his right hand. He soon found the object of my thoughts. It was the Mayor President. He was the man who in my imagination I had to murder. But no sooner did we reach i him than he faded away. Another man stood in his place. It was the form of Aaron the Jew. I struck at him with fury, full at his heart, but my wrist was caught in an instant as if in a vice. ' Enough !' said Prince Bela, sternly; and I thought I could see his eyes black and blazing through the blindfold itself. ' You seem to have a desire to murder in real earnest;' in another moment and our excellent friend the Mayor President would have been a dead man.' A dead man? Was not the man whom I struok at already dead?: Dead! dead I dead!" and the. count gave a ow chuckle. " What did he mean then by coming before me in that way ?" " Ah ! God ; there he is again," and with a shriek he fixed hiB eyes in the direction of the window. " Novikoff!" (no answer). ' > ' * " Novikoff!'' (still no answer). Ho little thought that he upon whom lie, called would never hearken to his voice any more ; but who, hurled into eternity with the-weight of his sins full upon him, might in spirit bo even then shrieking for mecoy and praying for forgiveness. "Meshoned!' 1 <■%-') His servant was asleep or did not hear him, as no response came to ; his summons. " Meshoned, take the man away." ■'v- ■■ ■ His voice was dry and husky, and the wild look in his ej es was horrible to behold. There was no answer, oniy the echo of his strained voice ringing ihrough the stillness. , "Meshoned, I say," and he seized the long, red bell-pull and snatched at it furiously. • It broke in his hand, and,, with a heavy, thud, ho fell prostrato on the floor. ■ 1 For a few minutes the count'lay there as if stunned by his fall; then he raised himself, tlio bell-pull still in his hand. He reached out and seized the spirit flagon, and, without waiting to first fill his glass, poured a quantity of the fiery liquid down his throat. By this act his strength and courage momentarily rovived, and he glared about him fiercely, as if in searoh of the spectre of his disordered fancy. No, the vision was not in the room, and he chuckled inwardly at the thought. But what is that—that over thero in tho far corner by the window. " Look, Count Nio., Nio. the devil j look my good friend," some one seemed to whisper to the haunted man. Then the woodki mounted to his'hoad, and he made a rush for the spot, where the form of the murdered man stood as if mooking him. His out stretched arms, however, enoountored nothing, and he stood face to face with the bare wall. . .' j - But tho spectre had only shifted his position. Thero he stood close by tho fireplace. 1 The.count could see him well, for tho red glow of the lamp was full upon his face. ! . ■ - There was, too, a sardonio smile upon his faco, and ho waB beokoning to him as if in wanton idleness. This was too much for the count. Tho hot blood mounted to his fore head and the veins stood out liko knotted whipoodd. The vision stung him into fury. He made, one end of tho cord into a running noose, and bound the other end around his wrist. Ho would lasso the ghost; and, when the hard cord was around his neck, he would pull it and pull it until tho life was choked out of him. But ho must proceed cautiously, he must approach the ghostly visitor by stealth; so, creeping noiselosBly along, he approached to whero the,old Jow'b double stood beokoning to hiin. . - "" ' ' i (To be, concluded), ; 