Concentrated News New South Wales. . The doop-sea pa-ling vessels towed into Port Jackson during tlio month of May represented 44.7C 9 tons. A man has been found noar Glen- Innos with loth legs burnt off. Tho aeoident is not ncc- untod for. Last year tho Government vaceiviators vac- '. (inated 3,015 persons, as compared with 1,75S in 1SSG and 7,055 in 1SS4. .. TnH into manager of the Commercial Bank of Tinoneo has bef n sentenced to throo years' im prisonment for embezzlement. Fbom tlio years 18S2 to 1S87 inclusive 9,700 ChincEO left, tho colony. The arrivals wore ? very greatly in oxcess of that number. Mrt. 3T. B. DowniscTs tomperanoo mission at Enthurst has been very successful, aud the audiences each evening have been good. The Into Sir. Clunclien, tobacconist, Now- . oai-tli', has leit to tbo Newcastle Benevolent Sooii ty the sum of £15,000 on the death of his widow. A yotjxo married woman attempted to comnitt Biiicido at WilciimiU on May 29 by taking laudnnum, the alleged cause being jealousy of her husband. The whalo killed liy tho steamer Grand off Ji rvis Bay has been towed into Botany Bay, where it 'will be tried out. It is one of the nulphur-buttom species. A bazaae recently held in aid of the Tenter field School of Arts resulted in a sum being realised of over £154, exclusive o£ a donation of £25 from Miss.E. C. Walker. Mes. Fbost and fnmily, it is stated, aio now past any danger from tho shock occasioned ihe-m through tho terriblo ordeal experienced on account of tho recent deaths of Air. and Miss Frost. Jin Foqabty, the champion middle-weight boxer of Australia, and who hails from tho Batlvirst district, being a Wattto Flat native, is about to moke a trip to America in searoh of more laurels. Tub directors of tlio West Wallseiid Colliery will formally open their now mine on tho 19th. An attempt 'is being made to work this mine Vy men who pledge themselves not to joiu the Miners' Union. Two brothers named Thomas and Joseph Cain have been arrested on suspicion of being concerned in tlio recent sticking-up case at Mogil Mogil. They were traced by black trackers for over 100 miles from the place where the crime was committed. St-tiien Stack, a selector at Burringbar, was 'found dead on his place on May 31, his collar bone being broken, and his face injured. He had been foiling trees on his selection, and it is supposed that a limb fell on him, causing the injuries which resulted in his death. As ehowing tho increased popularity on holi days of the railways at Sydney and the resorts to which they lead, it may be interesting to jtato that during the four days of Buster week 60,000 tickets were disposed of over and above the number sold during the corresponding por tion of last year. Youko girls, do not go in for wrestling, or you may come to grief. In Sydney a yomur womnn narred Emma Churcblnnd was amusing herself by wrestling with a female companion, when they both fell to the ground. In the fall tho woman's left leg bent under her, causing the knee-cap to snap. Ax Gtmdngai, on May '29, as the Salvation Army was passing along Sheridan street the captain, a female, was struck on the head with a stone, which inilicted a serious wound and severed a number of small arteries. She was very bad flint night, but next day the doctor had hopes of her recovery. Tiie number of aboriginals in tho colony increased from 4,S93 in ISSS to 5,042 in 1SS7, but the adults were considerably fewer lust year than previously. There were 2,S60 half castes at the end of lust year compared with 2,741 in 1SS6, while 39S aboriginal children were attending tha schools conducted by the Aborigines Protection Board. As old man named StevenB, who had boon drinking heavily, while camping: in tho bushou May 30 near Eoeo Hill, made a firo at the foot of a hollow tree, which, from the position in which he was found next morning, appeared to nave burned through andfollenuponhim. When discovt red by a passer-by he was tightly pinned to the earth by the smouldering trunk and fearfully burnt. Ho died in the Parramatta Hospital without recovering consciousness. Mahy Small, who figured prominently in the Claremout 'Ghost Mystery,' was sen tenced to six months' imprisonment in Darlins; hurst on the 1st instant on a charge of having in her possession a portion of a heifer reason ably expected to have been stolen. The animal was the property of Mr. W. Garner, and was a very valuable one. A man who had been living with Mrs. Small was remanded on a similar charge. A YOUXG man employed as u fireman on ? board tho steamer Waterview had a narrow escape from drowning at about half-past (i p.m. on May 30. Ho attempted to jump otf the vessel as (.ho was nearing tho Darling Wharf, Sydney, but jumped short and fell into the water. A young man named James Petty, pluckily jumped in with his .clothe? on, and just manged to catch the fireman by the head as ho was sinking, and got him safely ashore. A las named Lern, of Grnnville, had a miraculous escapo from death on May 30. He ?«rns ascending a ladder, 40 feet high, at the new 'Commercial Bank premises, Grunville, and had reached the top rung but one when the rung be grasped at suddenly gave way, and he fell backwards a distance of fully 35 feet to the grcund. His fall was broken by his coming into contact with two portions of scaffolding, but notwithEtanding this it is surprising how he escaped being tilled. Lera landed on his feet, and although ho was apparently, only suffering from tlio shook it is feared he is hurt intcminlly. 