'noiscellaneous. v Twp Kinds of Courage, ?'. General Porter Show3 Which Variety It ? Entitled To Most Praise, General Horned Porter contributes an nrticle to the Century on ' Tho Philosophy of Courage,' from which we quote ns follows : ' Indifference to danger is not nlways the form of courage which should entitle it poa seFBor to the highest credit. It is a negative virturc as compared with the quality which enables one to norform a dnnserous duty while renlijing the full measure of the peril encountered. ' These two trnils are best illustrated by the old story of the two soldiers whose regi ment wns chnrging up a hill in a desperate attempt to capture a battery. When bnlf way up, one of them turned to the other and said : ' Why, you're ns pale na a sheet ; you look like a ghost ,- 1 believe you'ro afraid.' 1 Yes, I am,' was tbs answer ; ' nnd if you were half a3 mnch afrnid as I am you'd have run long ago.' It is something higher thnn physical courage, it is n species of moral cournge, which recognises the danger nnd yet overmasters the sense of fear. When the famous mine in front of Petersburg had been completed, and the National troops drawn up ready to charge tho enemy's works ns Eoon as the mine had done its work in creating a breach, the signnl wns given just before dnyligbt, the fuse wn3 lighted, nnd the command stood waiting with intense anxiety for the explosion which was tofollow But seconds, then minutes, then tens of minutes passed, nnd still no sound from the mine. The suspense became painful, ar.d the gloom of disappointment oversprend the nnxious faces of ofliccrs and men. The fuse had been spliced about midway. It was now thought there was a defect in the splice, and it was at this point thnt the fuse was hang ing fire. The day was breaking, theenemy wns becoming alert at sight of our unmnsked columns, there was not a moment to bo lost. Lieutennnt Doughty and . Sjrgcant Rees, of the Forty- eighth Pennsylvania In fnntry, now volunteered to examine the fuse. They entered a long. dark gallery which led to the mine, and without stopping to calcu late the chances of life, calmly exposed them selves to ono of the most horrible forms of death. With no excitment to lend theta its intoxicntion, with nothing to divert their minds from the fate which seemed to awnit them, they followed the course of tho fuse through the long subterranean passnge found the defect nt which the spark bad been arrested, and made a new splice. On their return the match was again npplicd, nnd the the train wa3 now prompt to do its deadly work. These men displayed even n higher order of cournge thnu those who afterwards charged into the breach.' 