THE MOMENT AFTER. A YULETIDE OIIRONIOLE. JBy ROBERT BUCHA.NAN. CHAPTER, I. " As the BCaffold crashed under my feet), a3 the knot crushed my throat, and a great sharp agoDy Jjlotted out the bubbling life within me, I he>^rd a roaring as of a tumultuoug ocean covering and submerg ing me ; the moment after " ... . Having read thus far Redbrook paused, somewhat pale, and simultaneously the bells of the neighboring church rang out in jubilation, for It wa3 Christmas morn ing. He looked up, listening. " Peace on earth, goodwill to men !" rang out the bells. If he heard them at all it was only as if in a dream-his thoughts were evi dently far away. The light crept in through the window of the room, and shone fall upon h'.s powerful features with their eyeballa somewhat sunken In cavernous sockets, A hard, weatherbeaten face, yet with flying gleams of humor round the edges of the lips. Handsome, too, and still young, though the- hair and beard showed straggling gleams of grey. With an impatient gesture he passed his hand over his eyes, and then, bending over the manuscript, read on. It was a rough scrawl, so widely written as to be exceedingly difficult to read, but clearly it possessed some unusual Interest. As he read he seemed to be held in fascination. He read on to the end ; and then, turn ing back to the beginning, reid on to the end again. " Peace on earth, goodwill to men!" rang the bells. The skeleton of a marmoset, standing on the mantelpiece side by side with the skeleton of a human fcetus preserved in Bpirits of wine, seemed to be gravely re garding itself in the mirror. All round were shelves covered with bottles and phials used in a country doctor's dispen sary. The room, indeed, was half dispen sary-or surgery-and half study ; for in one corner was a small well- filled book case. A bright fire burned in the grate. Outside the snow was thickly falling. Redbrook sat at his bureau, facing the window. From that position he could see the gloomy walla of Fordmouth Prison, looming darkly through the falling flake3. Nervously, almost impatiently, he threw the manuscript down, ro3e, and began pacing up and down the chamber. " It is a strange business !" he reflected. " What is most strange of all is the man's transformation ! His tale, such as It is, one may easily refer to diseased cerebra tion, caused by the horrible shock of that frightful experience ; it is not so eaoy to understand the sudden cessation of the devilish instinct within him." He raised the manuscript again, and read " The moment after " "Peace on earth, goodwill to men !" rang out the bells. Glancing sidelong to wards the window he saw a Blight dirk figure moving silently through the snow In the direction of the prison, and recog nised the Rev. Charles Shadwell, the prison chaplain, a pale, spare, clean shaven man, more resembling a priest of the Roman Church than a Christian clergyman. Quietly, swiftly, with head erect, Shadwell moved through the white ness of the storm. " Confound the fellow!" muttered Redbrook. " He haunt3 the place like a ghost, with as keen a scent for human misery as a vulture has for carrion! I wonder what he has to say to this night mare ?" A 8 he spoke the chaplain approached the prison gates and vanished within them. "This will never do," cried the doctor,_ looking at his watch. '' I must be oil' upon my rounds, and Bee if a little sun shine and fresh oxygen will put my nerves in order. I feel a3 superstitious as an old woman." So saying he locked the manuscript in his bureau, and, walking out iato the lobby, pat on his greatcoat, hat, and gloves and opened the door. As he did so he found himself face to face with one of the warders from the prison, who saluted him in military fashion, and said " Yon are wanted at once, doctor. Something wrong again in the condemned cell." 