meadow Sweet. In Summer fields the meadow sweet Spreads its white bloom around the feet Of those who pass in love or play The golden hours of holiday, And heart to answering heart can beat Where grows the simple meadowsweet. Embosomed in some cool retreat The long seed grasses bend to meet The stream that murmurs as it flowi Songs of forget me not and rose; The filmy haze of noon tide heat Is faint with scenes of meadow sweet. Ah, lovo I do you know meadowsweet! Does some pale ghost of passion fleet Adown this dreary lapse of years, So void of love, so full of fears ? Some ancient, far off echo greet The once loved name of meadow sweet f An Ingenious Swindle.—A swindle recently detected is conducted as follows : A cheque, say for ten guineas, is obtained from a depositor at a bank, and a blank cheque exactly like tbo lilluil-in clteqne is secured. The two cheques are laid ouc upon the other 6o that the edges are exactly even. Both cheques are'tlien torn irregularly across, and in such a way that the signature on the filled cheque appears on one piece and the amount and name of the payee on the other. The chequcs having been held together -while '/eing torn, of course one piece of the blank cheque will exactly fit the other piece of the filled cheque. The swindler then fills in one piece of the blank cheque with the name of the payee and the amount to suit himself, say one thousand pounds, takes it with the piece of genuine cheque containing the sig nature of the bank, and explains that the cheque was accidentally torn. The teller can put the pieces together, and as they fit exactly, the chances are that he ' will think the pieces are parts of the same cheque, and become a victim to the swindle. The trick, of course, suggests its own remedy. The teller should refuse to pay any cheque that is . i It Drew all the Same. j " Humph!" 1 " But it will 1" " It can't 1" | "It must 1" " Well, I've been in this business twenty years, and I know." " Can't help that, I want it as I told you." A hardware man was sotting up a coal stove in Collingwood. He had figured for twelve feet of pipe going straight up and for forty more to run to the back end of the store, then a turn and twelve feet additional would take it into a chimney. " I want a hole cut in the floor and the pipe to drop down and ran into a basement flue," said the merchant. " But it won't draw." " We'll see." " Smoke must ascend." "You go ahead," " Well, don't blame me." The hole was cut, the pipe put down and run to a flue, taking only five or six feet, and the result was astonishing. There is a better draught and more heat to that coal stove than can be duplicated in the city. In fact, dumpers must be put in the pipe to lessen the draught. 