OCCASIONAL PAPERS. "COME LIKE SHADOWS, SO DEPART." Br Wtbebt Reeve, Iainnot, like the witches in " iUcbeth," summoning up a long line of Bonqno's issue, to travel dowt^the generations of futurity—a kingly host, to startle aa ambitious Macbeth —but here, with pen in hand, I call up realities in the flesh I have once seen,, strange, and in some cases famous, that are now aa veritable shadows, departing when I shall pnt down the pen, only to return when the present seeks hi the past, as now, some dream- Jibe memories of youth. The first is a short, compact, bullet headed little man, with swarthy complexion, handsome features of the Napoleon order, dear piercing eyes, end closety-compressed Jipe; be wears a seedy kind of military coat, no shirt- collar, but a black etook, and full iFrench trousers. 1 can remember bo*, as a child, I watched his comlng-atod going to our house, and with what pleasntn I received a shake of the hauijt or a pat on: the head,'with a friendly ealnta tion in very broken English. I looked at him with interest and;awe. He had been a dis tinguished general onder the first hnd great Napoleon, had commanded and fought at: hie side,-and hod been exiled from Francs! when the Bourbons returned to the thrbnei The member Of. an old legitimate and princely family, he 'had elected to follow the {fortunes of the Ooreitsan soldier, and shared in all the glories of iffyc Empirfe Arriving iq Lqodonjwith a.rtmiPMit ol ft' fortune, end dreaming of another of untold wealth by improvements and inventions of a scientific and engineering character—his was one of the first steam carriages to travel on ordinary roads—he spent several years in perfecting it, had a large engine built, wasted not only bis own money hut everyone else's who trusted him. TrialB were marie, some thing was always wanting, mechanism or money ; it broke hopelessly down and ended in disaster. Another contrivance of his,Ican remember his describing with excited gestures as having power to "sweep away a whole infantry of line, like a bolt of the tbnnder, or a d—d flash of the lightning" (this Napoleonic general used strong language sometimes). From what I remember, it must have been a fearful instrument of destruction. The military authorities of that time declared it too barbarous for civilised nations, and retused to entertain the idea, supposing he could have carried it out. His rage was great when it was rejected by the English authorities, and he swore he would sell it to another country "and blow the English like a cocksheil into their own Beas," but he never had the chance. The venture only helped to beggar him. lie came at last to borrow a few sovereigns—Bometimes asked for a meal— and a few shillings were often very acceptable. He never expressed gratitude ; magnificent in poverty as m success, he accepted charity with the air of a man who conferred on the donor a favour. What he might have said had anyone dared to ask him for' a return of the money he borrowed I have not the means of knowing, as 'the idea of doing so never entered anyone's head. No doubt his rage. at each impertinence would have been tremendous. By the way, there are a good many people met with in life who have the same indistinct notion of menm and tuurri. On one occasion my grand father, to whose honse he came, interested himself to get help for him from a rich city magnate, an ex-lord mayor—a tea merchant —who gave £101 "Ah," said the gene ral, glaring on it, "he give me a paltry £10. I vill keep it, but I do spit on the tea man'a liberality, and, by God, I vill return it, with interest" I need hardly say the threat was never fulfilled. He was blessed, or cursed, with a wonderfully Banguine nature, and built castles to revolutionise the world ; but as he got poorer, and friends and victims more any, all his castles fell, his means of building them ceased, and, after consider able forbearance, our house, like others, was closed against him. For two years we heard no more. He had two daughters—fine, accomplished, aristocratic young women—who, in their earlier years, had been intimate with the Court ot the Empire, and shared in the pleasures of Napoleon's brilliant career. Of their liveB in London no one knew. People only guessed what they suffered in their father's poverty. Too poor to mix in society, they were tOo'proud to associate with humble friends, andaoendured in loneliness. At length eome light was thrown upon their silence. A messenger, arrived one day with the following memorandum scrawled on a dirty old envelope, with a coronet on it (I remember hearing at the time it must have enclosed a letter from the general's brother in-law, an Italian noble). The words on the envelope werfr—"Come to me—oh, mon Dieu —my God of heaven!—we are starving—we are dying I" An uncle of mine drove to the address, near Tutnham-green, at once. He found the general at a wretched cottage, in a miserable room, hardly any furniture, on a dirty old straw mattress; in a comer on the floor was one of the old man's daughters dying. Ah old blanket and a ragged horse rug were thrown over her emaciated body; her wan face lay on a dirty pillow, and her! death-dimmed eyes seemed to wander in a strange incertitude about the room. An old petticoat was hung across the window to keep the Bunshihe out The broken old man sat at a . table smoking from a once valuable pipe. The other daughter was working at the same table at some cheap slop work ; a bundle lay at her side. Like her sister's, it had once been a pretty face, but she now looked ill and starved. Tbey had lived for 'months on the wretched earn ings .of the women until the more delicate one broke down. What they had not pawned or sold the owner of the' house had taken for rent, and in the extremity of his dying daughter and starvation he hud once more appealed to my relation for help. It was given, and on the death of the poor woman she was respectably bhried, and a subscrip tion enabled the old man to return to Italy, tolerably well fitted ont for the journey. The noble family to which he belonged received him, but never acknowledged the obligations he left behind him. As few himself, he had vowed lie would repay every sou, a promise he soon forgot How long he lived to build fresh castles I don't know. Perhaps he had enough to do to denounce a world which bad failed to acknowledge his genius. There is another shadow passing, a strange figure, a fine, tall, handsome old fellow, with long hair and flowing beard, bold and well cut features, the very ideal of an apostle, and such he had often been (on canvas). He was a celebrated model, and got his living by sitting to firat-claas artists for religious and historiod subject*. He had figured as Moses, Abraham, Fharoah, Joshua, Saul, Isaiah—even fot Hie Great Jehovah. His face now looks froin the canvas for Peter, Paul, Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. He lives on canvas as King Lear, Henry IV., the Ghost of Hamlet's tether. And it has done duty as a Doge pt Venice, or a' Roman Father. The faces of few ben in the world ever played so mgpy parte. To meet him in the street, yon would reference the face, there was something noble.patriarchal,reverential; bat it belied him, he was a sorry old dog— a loafing oldimpostor. His name wsb Soane, a grandson, if 1 remember rightly—at any rate, a descendant-rdl the celebrated anti quartan and physician. Sir Hans Soane, who figured once uponatime in the world as Pre sident of the College of Physicians, and owner of a wonderful masenm and library he left to the nation,«r which waB purchased by tbe nation, I forget which. The Soane I speak ot was '« bappy-go-lucky old fellow, who lived the day and had no'carefor the morrow. Hfe bad spent a fort one, and was ready to spend another. Attracting friends by pie appearance, had mild and gentlemanly beahng, he wearied with hit impe cnniosity; he borrowed from pounds to half crowns, and at times shillings were accept able-Taiwan to be repaid on the morrow, but that morrow Oliver came, r Ifvou declined to lend bim mortey he did hot object to a meal, and tookawar with him the almost his ■tomach terotda allow.: He was one of the many men born to prey:on their fellows, with po sense of shame orrasnly independence; gobd-tempered, ofequreef->these people usu ally nre—and with a Wonderful amount of cool assurance. It is astonishing' how such men find victim*, but' they do, when shy, honest, hard-working, modest men starve,* He came to my grandfather's boose for assist apoe,ond ^Arao&l; for theold gen* tIem&n;, ymo. atafxty yfears of age, discovered be was an artist (aB- tenifebatenr a very good one) and, having nothihg'tllse to do, amused himself until his death at eighty. He was engaged on a religions picture when Sonne first called. He was the very man for the head of John, and a very expensive John the Baptist he turned oat to he. Soane died in a wretched garret iu. the neighbourhood of Leicester-square—that paradise of models, broken-down foreigners, conspirators, and rognes of all sorts. There is a tall, rather gentlemanly fellow now appears, a friend of one of the family, Captain Harvey Tuckett, an officer in the Earl of Cardigan's regiment, and the hero of the famons black bottle incident. The earl and the captain quarrelled over a common black wine bottle Introduced on the mess table by the latter, and they fought a duel It caused a great deal of excitement at the time, and a bitter feeling against the earl, and thiB introduces me toa singular incident. I was taken to one of Jul lien's famous promenade concerts at Coven t-garden Theatre. The first part ended as usual with strong dramatic effect, the supposed storming of a monastery and nunnery. The theatre was darkened, the battle was raging, the big drums did duty tor cannons, the bugles sounded retreat and advance, choristers sang prayerful appeals for aid ; the prayers, I sup pose. were successful, as the fight ceased, the lights blazed up, and the chorus sang praises of deliverance and thanksgiving. Just at this moment a battle roval commenced,which rings in my ears as I write—shouting, hoot ing, cat calls, the most infernal din. Oranges, biscuits, even bottles, all sorts of things, .were hurled over our beads at a fine, soldierly-looking man sitting in the front row of the circle. Two ladies were with him. He stood op and faced the raging multitude. The women, trembling, tried to shelter them selves behind him. No wonder he could afterwards dare a Balaclava charge.: Jul lien tried to cairn the storm, but it was too much for him. He screamed and gesticulated first at the crowd,' then to the object of their wrath to leave the theatre. He tried to start the music again, but half the orchestra and the singers had made a hasty retreat. The pelting began again, and the orchestra was empty, and the little fat man, finding himself alone, ran off as fast as his legs conld carry htm after them. 'Die lights were turned down, and the police came in to clear the building. I was a very little fellow, but the relation who was with me contrived to shelter me from harm, and mounted me on his shoulder to avoid the crush. The last object I saw in the dim light was Lord Cardigan, with his arms folded, looking on the crowd with supreme contempt. Poor Jutlien ! he was 110 shadow in those days. He had a lace, a style, once- seen never to he forgotten—his portly figure, his big head, long hair, marvellous shirttront, the diamond studs and iritis, the large wrist bands—the intense importance of his move ments—a veritable musical Barnum—the people he forced into prominence, who were hardly ever heard of afterwards—the fireworks of his music—the chatlatanism of his puffery and advertising! He. was prominent object of London life then, but it did not last; his shadow grew less as bis fortane waned, and the fashion of his music was played out. He died in comparative poverty. Like the searcher after the philosopher's stone, another shadow follows, a tall, thin, bent, elderly man in • search of perpetual motion—a retired barrister of independent fortune, who dreamt he had found- the Becret, and made Tin uncle of mine believe it too. Hours amounting to days, days to weeks,' weeks to: months the. two worked together. They had wooden troughs of all sizes, from candle-boxes to coffins—filled and re-filled WitL *ratepr-the theory was the exact balancing power of the water-enclosed in the troughs' working on a centre pivot Or support ■ Sothey persevered, urged on to hope by some new idea. My uncle was the first to give in, but the old man theorised -and ex perimentalised until his death,ana in iinparti ng the theory of his secret the friends around his deathbed believed be was bestowing a igrand discovery on future gehe rations 