HER GREAT GRANDMOTHER'S PICTURE. Ex Sydney Caestone. Chatter II. RichardDalziel was nowsofirmlyconvinced of "his father's cimulng'and folly, that" he' could scarcely keep from Bhowing what he -felt. He stayed--.,from .home as much as possible, and tried to avoid having any com munication with his father, except on busi-1 nesB. Mr. Dalziel did not at all like this state I of kffairs. He was fond of his son's com pany, enjoyed a chat with him when in good humour, and a growl when he felt so | disposed. ... When Richard.Dalziel had absented him-1 self for three evenings running from the family dinner, his father took him to task on | the subject. "What did he mean by such unnatural and disrespectful behaviour ? What bad company wsb he keeping, that he felt unfit to face his father and sisters? Hadn't he better set np a separate establishment at once if the family hours and society did not suit him? What disgraceful game had he on hands now, that he conld not look a per son straight in r'the face, or answer a plain question without shuffling and stammering ?" and bo on, waxing more and more wroth as the young man returned curt, dignified replies to his explosive parent, determined, it possible, not to betray to him the real reason of his change of conduct. The bewitching picture was still in the pawnbroker's window, as both father and son took care. to ascertain, and the young man, with the lynx eyes of jealousy, nearly always, managed to know when his father went to have alookat it. :„. One day, as the yonnger Dalziel was hurry ing np the stairs to his office, he* came face to face with Kate coming, quickly down. She was flushed and agitated, and passed him hastily, evidently embarrassed, and anxious to escape observation. This encounter was so surprising and ex traordinary, that for a moment Richard! Dalziel atood quite still, too bewildered to | think or stir. Things were worse than he had ever sup posed. . He had known bis father to be guilty of the folly-of-running after a pretty girl, young enough to be his daughter. He had heard, him descend to the donbtinl means of cheating and bribing the pawnbroker, to help him to find oat her name and address, but bad and unbecoming as was snch conduct in a man of his years, it was as nothing com -pared-to-the-tnie state of -affairsnow. Mr. Dalziel had evidently succeeded in finding ont what his son was longing to know, he had evidently made the most of his oppor tunities, had made the girl's acquaintance, and had her visiting his office, ana the inter- . view, judging from Kate's face, must have j been of a very diBtarbing nature. "Heis taking advantage of the poor girl's poverty to force her to marry him," was the conclusionRichardjDalziel came to. "What a cruel, unnatural, dishonourable thing! And to think that my, father Bhonld be capable of this—I would not have believed it. 1 would give anything it had not happened, but I will save Kate. She ahall know that there is another way open to her to escape want I shall know her too. 1 will go straight to my father and have it ont with him." This, however, was impossible, for Mr. Dalziel was engaged, and it was fully half-an-hour before bis son could see him alone. It was not by any means so easy to broach the subject after that wait Could he have gone in at once, after meeting Kate on 'the stairs, he conld have asked who she was naturally enough. Mot bo how. He felt decidedly embarrassed, and this put him at a disadvantage with his father. " Who was that lady I rpst coming down the stairs about half-an-hour ago?" he asked, trying to speak in an indifferent tone. j "Mrs. Martin,"replied the father promptly, j without looking up from his papers. Mrs. Martin was'a client, and Richard Dalziel knew her very well by appearance. Her figure was not unlike Kate s, which had Erobably induced Mr. Dalziel to mention her, oping that in the darkness of the stairs his son might mistake the one for the other. Richard Dalziel actually blushed at this new proof of his father's mendacity. Evidently the old gentleman had become completely de moralised. "I do not mean Mrs. Martin," said the son, severely. " The person I met is.a much younger and prettier woman." . Mr. Dalziel looked np, with well-affected surprise. "I tell you Mrs. Martin is the onfy woman who was here to-day," he said impatiently, "Whatare' yon glaring at me like that for!" " No wonder I 'glare,' as yon call it," re plied Richard Dalziel, just losing his self control. " It is very humiliating for me to hear my father ""itr:ng snch false asser tions." ; . Mr. Dalziel hounded from bis chair, as if shot froma rocket " What the deuce do! you.mean, eir." he shouted, "Have you been drinking f . No,dr,^bsya not been drinking,' an swered the young man angrily. " My .eyes and my bead are both perfectly clear. Un fortunately for your gtofy, I saw the young girl yon tod np ben, and »whose .visit you deny." "Yondare to speak, to pe like that 1" " Yes, I do. Your conduct forces me to it i reaaons . ior, I could Bee by HT . ~ .that whatever you her-lMd^hnnoysd and agitated It japooetooto' atiyour age. I insist unoguig wto ^ i» X will inter M&'DMciei atared at his son for a moment j in silence. He -seemed undecided as to1 I laugh or fume, but \- J'*"TWSw**t»n1d~not "be ■ ''If -^^weraihot suc^ an j on are.. How dare rfathUrT' jnrfathorl . forfeited Forfeited "■ your -respect, yofi jnsolent pnppyf you Hpsyjackaaspea. Yes, jlf» are tipBy, and it is your only excuse. Fll teach you to come here, maudllng about pretty girls and speaking in that infamous manner to the father whose only fault was spoiling you and letting you have too much of your own way. Qet out of my sight, this minute, and 'don't let me see you again until you are sober, and can keep a civil tongue in your head." "Iam perfectly sober, sir, and you know it," retorted Bichard Dalziel angrily. " You need not try to conceal your own offence by making false accusations against me?' What do yoh mean by my . own offence, youcub?" * i "I say, that girl was up here, and you are denyingit."' v t. ij For reply, Mr. Dalzlelfteized ft heavy law book, and took aim at his irate son. but the latter.seeing that he could get no satisfaction, and believing his father to be capable, in his degenerated state, of murder or any other crime, opened the door and beat a hasty re treat Ashe stalked through the outer office the abnormal activity of the clerks' pens and] their profoundly unconscious expression; showed him that they had beard the raised voices in the other room, and were doubtless chuckling, over the. knowledge that ydung Mr. Dalziel had got a taste of what the old man so often treated them to. Bichard Dalziel felt too agitated and hart to make any attempt at work. There was something horrible in the discovery of his father's conduct He felt as if he conld gladly resign all hope of ever seeing Kate' again just to know that the old man had never behaved in a'manner so unworthy of himself, but facts were too strong to admit of further doubt All that remained now waB to try and find Bate out, marry her him self, and truat to time ana repentance to bring Mr. Dalziel to a proper frame of mind again. He walked aimlessly about the streets, taking no note of time or place, until the sight of Kate and her father, a little in front of him, restored his senses to full activity. : At last, he could follow them and see where they lived. He walked slowly after them, taking care to keep them in view. "Get out of my way, air," growled a voice behind him, and he was pushed aside by his father, evidently also in full chase after the same couple. "I think, sir, you had better give this up," said Bichard Dalziel, vainly hoping to in fluence his wayward parent. " Go home to your bed; sir, and sleep yourself into a sensible state," retorted Mr. Dalziel, pressing on. " I shall certainly interfere to prevent you carrying out this folly," said Bichard Dalziel, keeping pace with him. " I will give you in charge to the police, you insolent puppy, if you address me again," QoSr) f.Ka fnflvor lliroafoninrvlir KoSamrr Mn wtnllr ing-stick. "The Btreet is as free to me as to you, and I happen to want to go in this direction, too." "Then keep the other side of the road. I don't want to be disgraced by having you near me in your present condition." " I can assure you, sir, I have no desire to be seen with yon while you are bent on your present humiliating and ridiculous errand." "You won't hold your tongue, you will proclaim your disgraceful Btate to the passers-by," exclaimed Mr. Dalziel bo loudly that several people turned and looked at the pair. "I do wish you would restrain yourself sufficiently not to attract attention," said Richard Dalziel angrily. " I shall attract as much attention as I please," answered his father sharply. "I nave nothing to be ashamed of." " Not even of hunting down a girl young enough to be your daughter," observed Richard Dalziel, witheringly. "It ia more like madness than drink," muttered Mr. Dalziel, giving hie son a keen glance. Richard Dalziel was too provoked by such a line of conduct to condescend to reply. Not wishing to subject himself to further re marks, and equally determined not to lose sight of Kate, he dropped a little behind his father. Mr. Dalziel's sight not being so good as that of his son, he had to keep nearer to the object of bis pursuit, and thus a safe distance was maintained between the two, and each went on in silence. At last the old man and girl stopped before one of a shabby row of nouses ; the father let himself in with a latch key without a moment's hesitation. Mr. Dalziel followed, and the hall door closed upon him as his eon came up. He stood, scarcely knowing what to do next. He did not feel quite equal to imitating his father's prompt action. He could think of no excuse to justify.,auch a step. While he hesitated he Baw in the window a card with "Board and Residence*' on it ' ! All was clear sailing, then. He knocked, half hoping the door might be opened by Kate herself. But the slatternly, ill-tempered1 woman who stood before him was a very dif- i ferent person. She became somewhat more gracious when he muttered something about wishing to see the apartments. He was shown into a dingy, stuffy, sitting-room, where the fumes of recent meals and stale tobacco mingled far from agreeably. The furniture was Bhabby and dusty, the ornaments vulgar and tawdry, and he shuddered at the idea of anyone being compelled to eat or live in euch a spot Still, for the sake of being under the same roof as Kate, and for the chance of becoming ac quainted with her, he thought he could make tne sacrifice of putting up with this even, for a few weeks. He wondered where the girl was, where his father bad betaken himself, and wishing to explore further, he asked to be shown the bedroom. " Well, it's not, to say, quite ready yet," replied "the woman; "but if you decide to come here, I'll have the parties out by to morrow afternoon." "What do von mean?" asked the vountr man quickly. " Well, it'sa father and a daughter I have here, that I'd be glad to get rid of," answered the shrew. "They are behind with the rejit already, and I know from the look of things that they are more'likely to be worse off than better." "Are theysopoor,.then?"< asked Richard Dalziel. "Poor as church mice, and as full of airs as if they owned the world—no: one good enough to be civil to," replied the landlady, with a toss of her head ; " I'm not going to have my rooms taken np with such a lot, so ont they go at once if yon will come." "Do yon mean to way von would tarn the poor people out in that heartless way 1" de manded illcbarddMriekwittrdiBgUBt. " Yes, I do; and dont be eo ready with your 'heartless,'.", retorted the woman, j sharply. " I've to work for myself, and can't' landlady, who\a^S«atfor fuUy^Tnlnute. Bowever, she soon (worsted hot power oS, speech, and poured upon him each a volley of abuse that he was glad to escape .beyond the reach of her tongue. He was both angry and puzzled as he walked away. He could not understand bow Mr. Dalziel had got in so easily. He must be still with Kate and her father. He could not account for it at alL He knew he could do no further good by remaining where he was at present. He de cided to make a last effort to find out from his lather who those people were, and what were bis relations wit'h them. f If he could get no satisfaction, why .then he, would risk introducing himself to Kate's father, and offering his assistance in any way he choBf to accept ib He did not deceive himself bj supposing that the task:was easy, The man looked proud, and being poor," ne would bs doubly^resentful of anything that might ap« pear like condescension or officlousness. Still it was worth risking, and Richard Dalziel went home, and with what patiencd he could muster awaited his father's return. In lew than an hour he heard a cab atop at the door, and looking out was surprised to see that it had luggage on ib But how much greater was his astonishment when he saw iiis father get out and help Kate and her father to alighb " Here, Alice, Jennie; where are you all ?" called ont Mr. Dalziel in a hearty voice, and when bis daughters ran to the hall Richard heard him say, " I have brought you a couple of visitors, Mr. Crofton and Miss Crofton, 01 Kate, as I called her mother before her." The girls welcomed their guests hospitably. Richard Dalziel, utterly bewildered, joined the party. His father gave him a suspicious look and introduced him curtly as "My eldest sonthen rattled on to hit daughters. "It's quite a romantic story, girls. Mr. Crofton and I were boys together, and fast friends, until we both fell in love with the same woman, when, of course, we were ready to cut each other's throats." ~ "Not quite so bad as that, I hope," re marked Mr. Crofton, with a laugh. "I think it was. I know I felt most bloodthirsty," replied Mr. Dalziel, cheerfully. " Mr. Crofton was the lucky man ; and be lieving my life blighted for ever, I rushed off to the antipodes, fell in love with youi mother on the voyage out, married her when I was able, and was bappy as a king—until I lost her." "Have you been long in the colony? asked Alice of Kate. " Six months," replied Kate, with a sigh. " And to think that I never knew it—nevef might have known it, only I recognised tbt picture that used to bang in the Towers diningroom," went on Mr. Dalziel. The girls looked puzzled. " We have been unfortunate in our affairs and have had to part with some of oui piupeitji CApiaiucu iuii viuiw/U| n ii<u dignity. "And the best thing yon ever did," ex claimed Mr. Dalziel, heartily. "I shall never forget the first time I eaw it. It gave me quite a shock. It was like a ghost oui of the past I did my best to trace you bj it, but only I chanced to be passing thii afternoon when that sharp boy was follow ing you, and he pointed you out to me, 1 might have gone on, never getting at you." "And you did not know me when yon saw me," observed Mr. Crofton, sadly. " Well, I wasn't exactly Bure," admitted Mr. Dalziel. " Thirty years does make a difference, you know. You wouldn't have known me; besides, I could not have a satisfactory explanation in the street It was better to follow you home." " You are the same honest, kind-hearted fellow as ever," murmured Mr. Crofton, pressing bis friend's hand. " Nonsense, man; only too delighted to come across you again," answered Mr. Dalziel. " It will make me young again to chat over old times and the old country. But it's time to be getting ready for dinner. Take Kate to ber room, girls. Come with me, Crofton." The joy that Ricbard Dalziel felt at this satisfactory clearing up of the mystery was considerably damped by the shame he felt for his behaviour towards his father, and the un worthy suspicions he had harboured against one who had shown himself honest and generous all through. Tbe moment Mr. Dalziel went to his room he followed him. " I scarcely know how to apologise to you, sir," hie began, with such evident contrition tbat his father's resentment vanished at once. " What the mischief was the matter with you!" he asked, eyeing his eon curiously. " You went on like a madman, or as if you were tipsy, and yet you seem all right now." "The fact is, I had met Miss Crofton several times," began Richard Dalziel in great embarrassment. " I was greatly in terested in her—was struck at once by the likeness between her and that picture. When I saw that yon were equally interested, 1 thought you admired- her too—wanted to gel the picture, or to nse it as a means to become acquainted with her." Mr. Dalziel dropped on a chair and wentofl into a fit of hearty laughter at his discomfited son. 11 So you thought I was running after the girl, like yourself," he chuckled. " You were jealous of me, by Jove—of your old father I" Richard Dalziel stood looking the picture of sbame. " I never heard a richer joke in all my life," continued Mr. Dalziel, hugely delighted. " Won't I make them roar about it!" Yon will never show up my folly like that, eir!" exclaimed Richard Dalziel, hor rified at each an idea; " 1 trust to your kind ness not to betray me." " Well, I promise not to say a word About it for throe months," Baid Mr. Dalziel, *' but if you are not engaged to Kate Crofton by that time, I'll publish the whole thing." "Nonsense, sir, I don't suppose Bhe would have me," observed the young man modeBtly. " There is no savins, women.are sometimes great fools," was the cohshlatory Teply: " hut what did you mean by accusing tae of Laving her visiting my office J" "I certainly met her onthestairs,"answered Richard, decidedly. ' > > "I can't understand it at all," said Mr. Dalziel. . The fact was that Kate Crorton, in her anxiety to earn money, had screwed up her courage to go to a solicitor's office to ask for iaw papers to copy. Mr, Dalziel was engaged, Richard out, and the insolent young clerk who spoke to Jier did so in such an imperii nent,(familiar way, that the poor girl hurried from the snoot with flaming cheekB and tearlol eyes, humuiated to think that she had ex posed herself to such indignity. Before the three {months were over, employment had .heed secured for Ma Crofton, and Richard Dalaiel was formally engaged to Kate. . . Then Mh Dalxiel. who had faithfully kepi his atomise, con la, 110 longer resist tellini their attempts to trace thg owner of Ha Great Grandmother's Pictum 