NOTES A]S1- JVEWS. Two escorts were sent away from tho field last week, taking between them a total of 12783023 18dwts l?grs of gold, the Uoyal Bank contributing 6ti3Sozs 5dwta 12grs, and' the Qiioeusland National Bank 6147ozs 13dwta. Theso with au esoorc of Golloza 6dwt8 despatohod by tho Royal iBank last . month, bring tlio total forwardod this year up to 19,300oz3 4dwts 12grs. A monf.ln(T nf ihn Pnmtnlfrtpn nnnnintflll to collect spneimons, etc., Ulustraiiva of the mineral resources of tho district, to be forwarded to tho Melbourne Centennial Kxhi, bitiou, was hold at tho Mining Stock Kx change on Saturday ovoning, tho Mayor, . Capt, Ferguson, presiding. On the motion of &lr.; Atuinson, suooudod by Mr. Joseph, It was' resolved that tho names of Messrs. Stanley, Cowoll, O. Patterson, W. Forguaon (s.m.), t4. Argo, T. Uaraago, W. M'Nutt, J. James, J. Farrelly, S. Uarding, M. Curtis, \V. Klfvewon, and C. Boase, bo added to the committoo. A diaanssion took placo with rcfnrp.llnrt t*\ t.vr\rA\it\a fpnm vnvinura n^inna. in tho course of whioh Mr. Atkinson, oa uehalf of the 1 .North Thcouix Co., mentioned that tho company intended to coutributo a special exhibit consisting of a modol of a section of che ground aud roofs, with plans of tho workings, photos of tho machinery, samples of speol mons from the difforout lovols, aud a pyramid showing the total produotion of gold from tho mine eiuoo its commencement, also reports S3 / to tho quantity of atono orushod, yields, and dividends declared to date. The question re garding tho BOourity of tho oxhibits sent down was also discuaaod, and it was resolved that jj. tho mattor be loft in tho hands of Alossrs. ^ Smyth and Mellor, with a requost that they cominuuioato with tlio Government to aaoor« tain if they will consont to purohaso tho »tono for oxhibltiou. With this tho mooting adjourned till Saturday oveuing next. A spooial oolloation for tho Gympio hospital was rnado lost week by tho nion employed oa tho construction of tlio fifth section of tho Gympio-Briabauo railway, and rosultod in the ?haudsomo sum of £120 being raised. Suoh liberality, coming' as it does in addition to the weekly contribution that tho 'men havo made nil along, does them infiuito crodit, and proves oouclusivoly that they apptooiato tho worti\ of the Institution. , ? Mr, Jiailey, tbo membor for Wide Bay i haB bcon IrnFy in a quiet way during tho piut week lookiiig round this purt of hia ulectoiato, And lius visited some ot tho schools mid paid euino attention to tho progress of our railway. We uced hatdly add that ho has not ncglcotcd to visit those claims on the field iu which ho liolila iutci-ibls, aiul of course wo wish him (nccuEB i hia veuturm. On political matters lio in BiiguiaiilJ roticunt. Aa to tho present eittui' member ho thinks his bauds uro tit-d until l-'arliaini'Ut ia dissolved and tho sout do ok-urcd vacant. Air. liniloy evidently doos uut boliove in men jumping a claim until it bus been proporly deolnrod forfeited. That he stuuils for \\- ido Bay in 'April next is certain now. A magisterial enquiry was hold on Saturday last, 'before Mr. tl. Joisuph, J.I',, touching thu donth of l'utriolf Sluvin, who yasdrowutd iu tbo Uoep Crook last wcok. Sovuial wit nesses vvuvo exuminud, but nothing of import ance w»s elicited other than has already Uccn liubllBhul in our columns. Tho ovidenoo will, as usual, bo fqrwardod to tho Attorney Geuurttl. On Saturday night Cowan's Dramatic and Comedy Company mudo a decided hit iu pro ducing thoicusatioual drama ' Aurora 1'loyd' at the Theatre Koyal. All tho characters wcro admirably ropresontod, partioulurly Mina Uowurde's ' Aurora,' MihB Amy Urooks's 'Mrs. Powell, ' and Miss Grosven or's |' WiUou' ; Mr. VV. 11. Cowan as i jteve liavjjroaves1' ivlso well svistaiuod his previous reputation as a good all round comedian, and Mr. Stanford's rendering of 'Johu MellUh' was throughout highly artis tic. Jjisc night tho ooinpauy concluded their present scries of ontcrtaiiimenta ou this (jold tield, with an interesting littlo comedy oulitlcd '? Withered Leaves,' followed by H. J. Byrou'a amusing burlesque '-'Aladdin.' In the latter Miss Howarde aud Miss l-Srosveuo', at every appeuvanou, again sucoooded in winning hearty applause lroui tho audiouco, as also aid Miss .dmy Brooks, in her spiiiicd impersonation of ' i'ekoe.' Mr. Cowan, as thu ' Widow Twankey' was immense, and Mr. Stanford aa ' Abannzar' was deservedly appreciated. Tho coinpauy, wo understand, leave to-day for Buudaborg, but purpose pay ing another visit to Gympio shortly, when ?' th,*r will appear in ' Uis Natural Life,' a drama founded on Marcus Clarko's groat novel of tho samo titlo. The Gympie branch of the Irish National League held a general meeting at the Hibernian Hall, Red Hill, on Sunday afternoon. There were about 70 of the members present, and after some formal business, the following appointments were made : — President, the Rev. Father Horan; Vice-President, Mr. M. Murphy ; Hon. Treasurer, Mr Jeremiah Maher; Hon. Secretary, Mr. J. Farrell ; Committee, ,Messrs. T. McSweeney, D. Mulcahy, J. O'Connors, M. Brennan, J. B. Carroll, J. C. Pollard, M. Collisson, P. Dillon, and M. Fitzpatrick. Matters affecting the present position of the Irish question were considered, and it was decided that an address should be forwarded to the Right Hon. W. K. Gladstone, conveying to him the thanks of the local portion of the League for the noble efforts he had made on behalf of the Irish people ; and that similar addresses be forwarded to Lord Ashburnham and Lord Ripon for their noble defence of the Irish people, to the Pope's delegate, Monsiguor Persico. The newly appointed Committee were urged to make strenuous efforts to induce as many as possible of the natives of Ireland, resident on Gympie, to join the League, and thus assist the advocates of Irish Home Rule. It was stated at the meeting that in about another month tho Branch would be in a position to send home another £100 in aid of the fund established to give relief to ovioted tenants in Ireland. SoIob by auction of Crown lands will bo hold shortly In Charters Towers, Gympie, Horberton, Ingham, lsisford, Kookhainpton, anil Toowoomba. A letter written by a Mr. O'Sullivau, of tho Iltberidge goldfield, states that tho loath- * / some disease, leprosy, has been transmitted to the blacks by u Uhiuaman, aud is rapidly Bpreading among tho poor wretches. Mr Robert I'hilp of Townsvillo is men tioned as a candidate for the representation of Woothakata, in opposition to Warden Mow bray, Bhould the latter resigu his post in tho Civil service, and enter political life. A 'Sydney telegram reports that successful raids have been made by the polico on a Chinese gamblers' den in the Invortll district, Sew South Wales, and twenty Coltstials were hoavily fined ; and yet at tlie present time the legislators of Now bouth Wales are considering tho advisableness ot legalising publio gambling by moaus of tho kataliBator I ; A striking illustration of the value of Pro tection as a means of building up indnatnea tos supplied at the Swan and Freestone took' Agricultural Show held last week. One of tho Speakers mentioned that Victoria to 1S75 exported £19,000 worth of butter and cheese. In 1885, ten years later, the exports of the samo two articles air ounted to£100,000, 1 or five times as much as in the year previously stated. New South Wales in 1875* exported £40,000 worth of the same articles, or near y two and a half times as much as Viotona ? In 18S5, however, she only exported ±-10,000 worth, or one-tenth that Eont out from Vic, The Medical Board havo caused thofollow inc notice to bo imserted in Saturdays Gov I.fxMKCT GAZETTE :-It haviug been ascer tained that -one Sidney Edwin Herbert, of Muttaburra, has obra.ned his Registration from tho board by fraudulent means.'the said Station is hereby cancelled, ami his name '* , , ' ', ? /;„„! not; nf dhlv uuahfied erasea irom uiu '?-»'-»; --- — -- * ,t medical practitioners of this colony, a With tho return of Mr. Justice Windoyer, whoirled tbo Mount Keoulo assault cases last vear 'tho agitation in favor of the release of of the nrisoners1 friends and the deep-soatea doLd woman of the worst type. Iheccnd.^on illilii torn . Ilk. »»!?? '«,' , i „ '™ M.. olplino huB subjected them. ?» ??-' ' fc the Minister of Justice on his Honors ropois Ij oxpected daily. . ♦? The last spiritualistic victim is «»?»«««? the daughter of tho late Commodore Vamler bilt, who, according to the Pans edH.onoi the Now York Heiuld, has juat i boon JP out of a fortune by some 'modi un .who pro feaeod to produce tho ghost of her do»d hoy A little girl hin confessed that she was uso.l to powonato the deceased sonfof M™-,-1*9'^! anlit now transpires that tho poor lady h^ frequently paid as much as £200 at n jamo for a toarte I Her friends have now fcteppod in, , and mmovod her from sp ritualistic JnUu ouoe. Two hundred pounds a timo is too much ioi a view of a bogus ghost. The council of the Royal Society ? of Now ? South Wales has awarded tue ^'^'rr1 for tbo vcMto tbo ltnv. J. E. Tomsou- Wodds. Tl isSl was established in 1878, in lunnory of tho lato W. B. Clarke, A1'-'-8.-.1', awarded from timo to timo for merito Uous contributions to tho soienoes of 80™°*-]-( mineralogy, or natural history by mon m Bcionco ros;deut horo or elsewhere. Amnut, thoproviousixolpientsof the mcrlij are Lio. fessor M'Coy, and Baron Von Muollor. Iho Ilov. ToniBon- Woods has alp received a gou modal from tho King of Holland. Tho Victorian Anti-Chifaeso Loagno hayt decided to convoy the tl)|iuks of the longuo to tho Promiors of Now Sputh Wales, Queens land, and Tabinania for the notion they have taken in regard to tUo Chinese quoauon, Tho diamond drill boront Wnnaaring, Mow Sonth Walos, which has revolted » depth of ')U' ^l(?i' nui' tu0'c ^'ghtinoiiihs to put down, cobt £758. 'I ho present supply of water amounts to 7000 gallons daily. rThe effcotivo Btronglh'of tho New South Wales Defonco Koicos which could bo de pended on iu case of omorgency is 5485 mon. A Ckukl Mother :— The jury of tho Dorb;r shiro Quarter Sessions 6u Wodnosdity r'o turned u verdict of guilty ugainst Alico Clay, wifu of a vetorinarj^surgoou at Cromford, for inflicting grifcvous.b.odtly barm on her daugh ter in August, '1884. A servant named Kiley, who was in tho sorvico of tho prisonor at the timo, deposed that she heard the child, aged about six, scroamlng. Sho wont into tho bedroom, and found Mra. Clay just putting down a pokor which was hot. siho afterwards found bits of flesh ndlionug to tho pokor. Tho child was evidently in gmiit paiu aud was taken to tho nursery, whore witness shortly after found Mib. ulay beating her with a whip. Witness aftoiwards found tho child blistered botweon tho legs, aud sho had weals on h-jr arms and body. It wbb proved by medical evidence that tho child had many bruises and tears. It was Btated that tho child was -permanently injured. Iho jury recommended tho prisoner to mercy on ac count ot the lapse of time, aud in considera tion for her family, Tho chairman. Sir William livauf, in sentencing her to six month's hard labour, said sho had boon guilty of a horrible uud atrocious otimo, and if it had not been for tliu reeominondatiou of tho jury tho sontonco would have been 12 mouths. Prisonor fainted and was carried from Court. —Times, January 5. Walteh Savage i«J,akdoii and 'the AbPJKATK.'— Mr. T. A. '1 roL'ope, in his now book, says a curious thing about Walter Savago Lanrinr— that bo 'always dropped his aspirates.' .'.'Jio was, I thiuli .,-; tho only man iu his position of life whonu pi-ro- doso. That a man who was- now by birth u gentleman, liut by gouiu's and eu tui-o — aud such culturo I —very much more, Bhould do this, seemed to me an incomprehensible thing. I do not think ho over introduced tho nepirtito whore it was not nee'ded, but ho habitually spoko of 'aud, 'cad, u^d 'cuse.' 