TURF TOP2C8 AND. ANTICIPATIONS. -BY ASMODEUS. On Friday, the 3rd February, the (Joelong Racing Club inaugurate their annual pleating, weights for whioh were declared on Tuesday. The first day's racing- opens with tho Hurdle -Baca of a mile and a half and a ' distance, for tho winner of whioh it is unnecessary to look lower than tho top weight Acb, who will win if be starts. -The Rail woy Handicap, of six fur longs, has a mixture of talent, including good, bad and indifferent, and I like nothing better jimn Boz with I.O.U. next. . Lady Beiiy can have no difficulty in winning tho Sires' Produce Stakes, alter which tho principal event of the meeting will demand attention. The Geelong Cup, of 200 sovs., distance a mile' and three- quarters, has, at tho time of writing, 21 horses engaged, and a very good lot they arc. The Levito and Gardenia head the liet together at 8 st. 111b., but at tho weight I hardly think that either of them will oaro about tho last haU mile. Between 7 st. and 8 st (as Lord Allen may not yet bs ready), I haven liking for Exmlade and Laua, and lower down tho list tbo only ono that appears to me to stand out prominently as a probable winner is Emerald- The winner will, I fancy, turn up in ENFILADE, The Connewarre Plate should fall to UAitQliAVE, and for the Grand Stand Stako3 with which tho first days raoing will conolude I have an especial fancy for (Lorrsn Bbp.ta, with Stuaigui Shot and Mislbtos next Should Mextoii win the Foal Stakes on tho second day (and I think ho will) tho iviotory of So good a sportsman as Mr. D. S. Wallace jvould bo immensely popular.' Boz and Sumatra seem to me most likely to dispute tho the places. Douni.n Aenosnc should win the JuTenilo Stakes with IVyvis noxt. The Gee- long Handicap is a quarter of a mile shorter than tho Cup and it will not stirpriso mo to soo the finish fought out by Entilaui: and Esibuald. In tho Steepleohaso tho top weights may finish in tho ordor of their handicap, Kaxoauoo, Yaskeu Quad, and Kcxjcyxb, and tho Selling Stakes should bo another good thing for MAncitAvn. The Stward'a Purso I oannot deal with as tho weight will not bo declared until thB morning of the raoe. A visit to Barwon's banks is alway3 an enjoyable oxporionce at this timo of the year, and as tbo principal races bid fair to be well contested, Mr. J. D. Eobinson and his committee aro justified in anticipating a successful mooting. After tho final payments were made on Monday for the Sydney Turf Club Anniversary Handioap 21 horsos were left in. Nearly half of tboso have been well backed, and as fresh favorites have como into tho market, quota tions havo ohanged almost daily. I soo no reason to change my opinion of tho top weight's ability to win, though he is such a sluggish starter that I expeos Sanders will havs to rido him from post to finish. Acmo cams into such strong favor aftor tho final payments woro mado as to leave off absolutely first favorite, but I cannot help thinking that good a mare as she undoubtedly is, 8 at. 121b. will stop her, though tho distanoo will suit hsr exactly. Were Spade Guinea in her New Zealand form, I would prefer hor to anything at 8 st. 12 lb., but as recent running oannot bo ignored, . it must bo assumed that the Maori mare is not herself. J believe the Ben Bolt party- are sanguine , of repeating their Caulfield triumph; and ' though I don't think the smart littla son of Newbold can quite win, I fully expect him to run very forward. - I have no fancy for anything below 8 st; and to makea single sbot, I will declare without reservation for. ! DUNLOP, who may be olosely attended by HosBYDBwand Cardigan-, In the Hurdle Race nothing reads better than Desperado, who has gono over specially, and he may experience most trouble &om; Ballaila and Mbltox, Tho Sovereign Plato of seven furlongs has a big field from which it is not easy to seleota winner, but the places may be disputod by Teddy Yuille, Fsn- nasdbz and T. IV., and in the Corinthian Plato I like the chances of Democrat II and Toobade. After the uttorances of Lord Durham and the Right Hon. Jas. Lowther at the annual dinner of the York Gimcraok Club, the cable gram announoing tho- refusal of the Jookey Club to renew the licences o£ Charles Wood and George Barrett is nothing of a surprise. That things were not altogether straight in the camp of some of the leading jockeys was readily in ferred -from what fell from the lips of Lord Durham, who said : — w In the last number of tho'ffffcmy Calendar the stewards of the Jockey Club have inserted a notice to the effect that they will in future withdraw tho licence of any jookey who may be proved to have any interest in any racehorse, or to havo been engaged in any betting transactions. If; they enforce this rule we shall see a very different list of names of principal winning jookeys at the end of next season. - . , . Unfortunately I know many very honest and straightforward owners of horses who employ the services of a notorious jockey because he rides well, and because they adopt this selfish principle that it is better to have him on thoir side than against them. I go further than this. Some owners employ him because they think that he oan 1 square ' somo other jockeys in the race, and thus ansnrs the victory for his mount— if he has backed it." Speaking on the same theme Mr. Lowther, a representative and aotivo mombor , of the Jookey Club, romarked, " A now notice has been issued with regard to jookeys. lYe found that jockeys not only betted, but by moans of co-operation jockeys were found, through the agency of a third party, to receive largely. A good num- \- ber of these jockeys unite their interests in ono horse, and, of course, as many of them were taking part in the race upon other horses, it could scarcely bs said to contribute to tho general welfare of the turf. Well, now that was au essential distinction betweou tbo last notice and the notices which preceded it ; but there was another distinction. Tho last para graph entailed that any person that is directly or indirectly aiding or, abetting in any breach of the orders of tho stewards, cither by acting as part; owner or otherwise facilitating discredi table proceedings of this: kind, would be promptly warned off Newmarket Heath. If you want to stop thieving you must get at tho receivers, and that was the ground upon which we framed this notice, and 1 can only say that it is a notice which we intend strictly to enforce." The virtual disqualification of Wood and; Barrett shows the foregoing to. have been no- idle talk on tho part of Mr, Lowther and Lord Durham. V. Wood, it i3 well known, headed the list of win ning jockeys last year, while G. Barrett only lost second honorB by four mounts. With this pair " wiped out" a rare opportunity will pro- sent itself to the younger school of horsemen to como to tho frout during the ensuing season. The cablegram annouoces that both licences wora withheld on the ground of tbo jockeys named being guilty of unfair riding. It will not be surprising to hear that Wood's name has been directly associated with a horse named Success, who was badly beaten at Alexandra Park when a strong favorite and ridden by Wood. A woek later, at Derby, Success, steerod by another jookey, showed- marvellously improved form, easily beating, amongst othors, Tossie, who had finished second, and in front of Success at Alexandra Park, The press comments whioh followed this - contradictory running greatly annoyed General Owen .Williams, the owner of Success, and at bis special request tbo horse's running was investigated by the stewards of tho Jockey Club on tho- day following the de parture of tho last English mail. General Wil liams, Sir George Chetwynd and Lord Lurgaa were amongst Wood's principal patrons. Passing on to other things said at the Gim- crack banquet; tho speakers intimated that serious evils exist on . tbo English turf other than the abuses of, tho jockey ring. For instance, remarked Lord Durham, "Thero is a woll known, and what tho sporting press calls a fashionable 1 and aristocratic, racing stable that has been conspicuous throughout tho racing soason for tho con stant and inexplicable in-and-out running of Its horses. Thoir running has- surprised and disgusted tho public ; hosidos losing them thoir money, it has driven tho handicapper to his wits' end .to discovor tho truo form of tho horses he has to apportion weights to, and it has scanda lised all truo lqvors of the sport of horse racing. When I have asked thoso in authority what sotion they intended to taka to rid us of this gang, and when I askod the handlcapper why he doea not put top weight on horses which are constantly spoiling his conscientious and well meant ondeavors to produce a good handicap, tho answer ia always tbo same, ' What can wo do ?— wo think their doings are disgraceful, but tliey. are; too clever for us.'" This is plain, talking': if; you .like, and with, a few mors fearless and outspoken sportsmen of the Durham and Lowther typo , on tho Jookey Club bench - much good would bo effected towards cleansing tho Augean stable. Lord Durham's speeoh is so much to tho point aq to bo weU worth the perusal of all raoing men on this side of the globe. It will bo found in another oqlumn. - - . ' | Those who aro a bit behind , tho scenea heed not require to- bo told that therp aro in exis tence. on- tbo Australian turf .anomalies and evils . (Ada to these disolos ed at the ' Gimcraok dinner. .They aro eeif evident to nearly every body, save perhaps racing stewards,' at nearly svery succeeding meeting; yet rarely-'are tho powers that be moved -to notion. This is, no doubt, partially accounted for by the foot that Some of our leading stewards are not . of tho Lord Durham type. On tho contrary, certain of their number are notorious gamblers, men associated with doubtful stables, owning horses who run in other names than their own, and who possess well earned repu tations for all round chicanery. Neither do they hesitate to break, with impunity tho recognised laws of racing by the foul running of their horses. They belong to the. most accomplished of turf cciipists, and we need go no further back than this season and last for evidence of both their malpractices and thoir triumphs. This may be thought very sad, but 'tis none the less true, and the most deplorable aspeot of the whole affair is the slim prospect of . a change for the better so long as such men continue in power. There, are certain jockeys who are aisonotabovereproaoh, and whose connection \with a well known section of bookmakers has aroused grave sus picion on more than one occasion. One jockey in particular will bo ' remarkably clever, il he does hot come to grief sooner or later. More than one owner has complained to me of his conduot, and positively aBsert that they have been largely victimised through having, their horses pulled, when, heavily backed. Two notable cases have occurred with the.individual in question since the last Bendigo Meeting, in both of whioh instances the horses, piloted by. fresh riders, have proved victorious, within a week or so of being palpably roped. Another owner declares he was had. to the extent of £400 at a suburban meeting within the last month, and in other hands his horse has dis played a marvellous improvement in form. In cases of this description it would be well were victimised owners to petition the stewards' for an inquiry, as did General Williams with Success and Wood ; then the'delinquents' would stand a chance of meeting a merited reward. Again, it is a mystery why stewards do not more frequently drop down upon tho"stifI ones " that take part at almost every meeting. Their dilatoriness in this' respect has caused a large team of waitists tO.'bo on the qui vive at the presont time. Those who journeyed down to Wyndham on Saturday last experienced, a very pleasant out ing, and as the attendance was somewhat above the average the meeting must have yielded a satisfactory financial return, augmented to the extent of £105 by the sale of Gay .Lad in con nection with the Selling - Race. - Altogether it was a very enjoyable afternoon's -sport, and as ivory winner was. well supported; backers, for- Once iu a way, had the best of it in their deal- ingswitbthe wiolders of tho metallic pencil. The twoDowling Forest representatives, Teuton and Digby Grand, were about equally fancied for the opening event, the Trial Stakes, which was easily won by the brother to Dunlop after a good finish with Wy vis . - Teuton has, on mors thoii one occasion Bhown a liking for short courses,- but he is a long way. removed from being.a- flyer, and liable to be easily stopped whenever asked to' carry a little extra weight-. Walr halla's victory in the Hurdle Itaoo compensated, in a measure, for tho defeat of his stable com- panion; Wyvis, in the preceding event, but there was nothing particularly meritorious attached to tho performance, seeing that he had nothing better than Tho Chief, Land Shark, Sweetmeat and ' Lerna to disposoof. The iast named is, as yet, quite a novice at- the jumping business, and gave Martin Burke a nasty shaking through coming to grief at tho second flight of hurdles. Ragman opened favorite for tho Werribee Handicap, but it soon became apparent that ho was not sup, ported by theirigbt people, and ho gradually assumed an unmarketable- odor iu face of tho moro genuine demonstration: in favor of Straight Shot, who left tbo paddock a pronouncod favorite. Rouge-et-Noir also had numerous friends, and being luoky: enough to secure an advantageous berth early in tho race he maintained the same throughout, winning with lots in hand from Gulpha. - Straight Shot was unlucky enough to looso a lot of ground at iho start, otherwise sho would have had some thing to say at the finish, so quickly was Bhe gaining on tho leaders. It was only- after an excellent fight on tho part of Cymro that Gay Lad succeeded in landing tho odds of 4 and 5 to 1 laid on him ivrziu Mr. Bonce's gelding for the Selling Race, and as it cost Mr. Nathan £105 to retain possession of his horse ho was oat of pooket to: tho extent of £40: by tho transaction. At the eleventh hour lYairorapa ddclinod.meet- ing Oay Lad, as at.Bacohus Marsh, and as his scratching paper waB handed in late, a fine of £10 was' imposed upon Phillips, his .owner. Backers mado no mistake in selecting Chicago as the piok of tho trio which contested; the District Plate, and then thora was a general piungo onto Honora for the concluding event, (he Summer Handicap, for which Littlo Diok and Chloria wore tho only ' other horses sup ported for money. These throe had tho issuo between them, and a remarkably fins finish rosulted in Ghloris defeating Little Diok on the post by tho shortest of heads. Thus ter minated a highly enjoyablo- afternoon's sport, dovoid of any untoward incident: tending to interfere with the harmony of the meeting. Tho severity of tho heat on Thursday did not deter a fair aompany assembling at Caulfield, where an enjoyablo afternoon's sport was in dulged in. Aco was thought to-be a good thing tor tho'Hurdle Race and booked accord ingly, but he had to put hp with defeat at the bonds of Ellai-slic, who oboo 'moro gave an exhibition of his prowess by carrying. 12 st 8 lb. to -viotory. The short odds aooepted' about F.piourean.in the Trial Handioap were never in doubt, sneithar .did Bdldare oaueo hie friends the slightest anxiety at any part ot the race for the Steeplechases. : The Anniversary Handi cap provided! on: excellent contest, end it was onlyln'the last strido that Enfilade snatched a head .victory: from Udzart : Mr..- D. B. Wal lace's win was immensely popular, and hawaB made the recipient el ail roundcongratulationa on tbepoucesion oi .eo good and game a herse as (he brother: tq jfordenfeldt proved himself' by his defeat of: the formidablo field opposed .to/him. \ Anarchy failed to land tho odds-hud on her- for the-Selling Raco,; and O'Brien's riding on tho favorito was sufficiently sus picions to warrant an explanation of the apathetio manner in which ho finished; It seemed' as. If. the race was fairly forfeited through the want of exertion- on the part of O'Brien, and no eurpriso was manifested when it became known that tho stewards deemed it. necessary to demand an explanation of what appeared, at least, a display of highly peculiar horsemanship. In consequence of the Star Chamber method of conducting these sort of inquiries the public aro in the dark as to what- transpired, hut-I boliovo O'Brien was severely- admonished and cautioned as to his future be havior. Ho attributed his want of vigor: t<f- weakness from wasting to rido Moteor, on.' explanation which soemed feasible enough until he was- seen to reappear within three-' quarters of an hour and ride a desperate finish on Gladstone. Had half tho same energy best! expended on.Anarohy, there was a prevailing" idoa that . the chestnut filly would havo re versed positions, with Margrave. Racing- men .will wind, up-a busy week -at Moonee Valley this afternoon, when Mr. Cox will, regale his patrons to one of the customary, programmes provided- - at the conveniently; situated - suburban enclosure. Appended aro, my selections Maiden Flato ; Baron's Court or Wyvis, tho former for -choice. La Rose \ Handicap: Buokley or Little Dick. Hurdle Race: Exile or Aco. Corinthian Handicap Maroney or Starlight; Selling Race: Margrave-, or Beryi IL Lo Roy Handicap : Cinderella OS Louise. . ' ; Don Giovan was submitted to tho hammer') at Kirk's. Bazaar on Friday, and knocked down ; to Mr. Martin Loughlin for. 950 guineas I Hopeful was at the' same . time sold to Mr ; M'Donald for 100 guineas. On Saturday laBt a spurious £5 note, repra- : seating the New South AVale3 Bank, Sydney! was successfully tendered in payment of two', grand stand and railway tickets for the Wynd J- bam races. The fraud was not discovered:! until after the issuo of three of four additional''' tickots, whereupon a vigilant examination .was' made of the .passengers who had taken their! seats in the 12.30 epeoial. Oneof the two tickets bearing the. numoers which the booking' clerk was in search of was found .' on' the person . of a well known bookmaker who entered an indignant protest, declaring ' that he had tendered a sovereign in payment ' for hie coupon. On boing confronted with the " clerk tho last namod at once admitted that he was not .the person from whom ho received the forged note, and it was, of coarse, plain that a mistake had been made. ' An examination of. tho tiokets revealed tho fact that there was one . missing, closely akin 'to the numbers f wanted," from which Detoctive Wilson ahdl (be other railway offioiais present concluded1 that the aggressor nover took . Lis seat in .thai! train, nlbait the fact of only one of the twi! tickets issued being missing suggested that ho j! must have had. a confederate on board. Had ! the booking- clerk boon .certain of the num-. hers on the: two tickets ' issued . in ! r«it turn for the spurious note a, strong . cluo'. would havo been forthcoming, but as matters 3tooa the officers wore at a loss todis-'. cover tho offender- It was a bad deal for the poor clerk, who, of course, had to make good.', the "fiver" so cleverly palmed on to him; Ha. is likely to take pretty good stock of tho next £5 note tendered . him, particularly . when"'! on duty in connection with racing specials,.'. The imitation is such a bad one that. it. seems strango tho fraud was not detected in" the act. The Rosehill Centennial Meeting opened with, great eclat on Saturday, when a large- gather- - ing of spectators assembled to witness -the first; day's racing, the weather being magnificent, i The railway ran to thexourse for the first time',.! and the arrangements, which were complete, t gave general satisfaction. The Opening. Handicap brought out a field of 25, andt was easily won by The Drummer's' daughter, Alma,; followed by T.W. and; Pet Girl. Tho Hurdle Race rosulted in a'; good set to between Melton and Speculation, in, which the former outstayed his elder rival, und-- won comfortably at the finish,' with Javelin! third. Tho ownor of Speculation, protested, against Melton -receiving the ; stakes, on, tho alleged grounds of his having run and woo. under tho- name of Alpine, but the protest,' after evidence had- bcon taken, was dismissed. . Uoldlake, Albanusand Lone Storfilied tlio places in the Selling Raco, the winner boing bought in . for £45, all of which went to the club. The Eosohill Handicap, which followed, was the , event of greatest importance in tbo programme and was contested by 18 starters. Kcitb, ridden- byNerriker, went out a red-hot favorite, and. justified the confidence of his friends by catting, down his field as ho liked and winning with, consummate oaso by - five lengths. Amino, , Sardo- and Cinaron filled the places in the, NurBory Handicap, which brought a successful! meeting to a termination. The ring had a bad time of it, as, with tho exception of the Opening - Handioap every raoe was won by a most pr(H nounoed first favorito. , ProteBts .aro of common ocourronco at Hor-: lingham, and Tuesday's meeting was not want- jog in this rsspeot. In' the Selling Race Lady's,- Maid achieved a, very easy victory over tho jfield opposed to her, but sho was protested against for crossing Wairarapa in tho first jfuriong, and tho - protest being sustained shjr was - disqualified and the raoe awarded ta jiVairaropa,; who. left the p&ddook; an, odds oat iavo&te.; In the 13- Handa Pony. -Handicap the jrider of Grievous, the winnor; loab hie oap, and. the same being handed to him on his wsy.baqsf to soalo the trainor of Parvey desired to lodge » jprotest for infringement of rulo92, but on TSJ presenting the matter to the stewards ho woi, assured that a protest on the' ground named; would pot be entertained. This would bo righf> enough were not jookeys known to have beam disqualified -for -offences precisely similar ..( that committed by tha rider of Grievous.. H I) tecolleot rightly, OraoJtnelL in order to ajid! sunstroke on a very hot day at Wyndham several years ago, received his cap from a by stander while returning to weigh in, and .for feited tho race through it. The rule is very explloit on tho point; it reads thns:— "If a Jockey do not weigh in, or be short of weight, or dismount before being ordered by the stewards, or touch (except accidentally) any person or thing other than hit oicn equipments be/ore tceiyhiny in, his horse is disqualified, unless he can satisfy tho stewards that he was justified by extraordinary circumstances." According to the foregoing, Hr. R. Mitchell, the trainer of Parvey, had substantial ground for lodging an objection against Grievous, and, despite any Irregular action tho Horlingham officials may bavb taken in the matter, his complaint would; in all probability have been up held on appeal to the V.R.C. Talty clearly violated the rule by accepting his cap from a bys tander, and as there were no " extra ordinary circumstances" to justify the same disqualification was almost inevitable. For the Hnrlingbam stewards to have pooh-poohed Mr. Mitchell's proposal when ho presented himself to lodge a protest was simply to reveal their ignorance of racing law.' But perhaps Parvey's trainer is equally blameable for not persevering witb the objection regardless of tbe intimation that be received, viz., that a protest on such grounds would not be entertained. Their re fusal to do so would not have hindered an appeal to tho Y.R.C. ' ' About 50 sports assembled at Moonee Valley during Wednesday forenoon to witness a match for £25 a-side betwoon tho np-conntry nags Dolo and Starlight, who recently ran a dead heat at Lillydale, the former proving vic torious in the run off. The distance was one mile and a half, Starlight carrying 7 at. 10 lb. to her opponent's 7 st. 4 lb. The betting was 5 to 2 on Starlight, who jnmped away noxt the rails, made her own running, and won easily by three lengths ; time, 2 min. 47 sea Tho winner was trained by Mr. M. P. Whitty, and ridden by Eales, formerly attached to Mr. W. Eobinson's Hew Zealand team. Mr. S. Martin noted as starter, and the judge's box was occu pied by Mr. W. E. Dakin. Old turfites will remember how in 1867 the 'gallant Tim Whiffier got home in front of Queen of Hearts in the great Melbourne Cup Iraoe. As he stool in Gartoa's bar on the evening of the race, tbe observed of all. ob servers fighting the battle o'er again, Johnny Urisooll, the dapper and skflfai jockey who had 'ateored Tim to victory .was probably the proud est man in Australia. Drisooll retired from the saddle some years ago, but even to the present 'generation of racing men was well known, speoiaily at Randwick. I regret to hear that be died in Sydney last Sunday after suffering '.from a long illness. . ' The Elmhurst race .meeting held oh Satur day was a great success, the attendanoe being large and the racing keenly contested by good fields. Mr. J. G. Robertson's Antelope won the Elmhurst Handicap and Forced Handicap, Vnd ran second for the Publican's Parse, which was won by Harbinger. Whistling Dick won the Maiden Plato, Stockman the Hurdle Race, .Wonga the Selling Hack Race, and Cincinnatas walked over for tbe Flying Handicap. The Shepparton Turf Clnb has adopted the following programme for the March meeting : — Hurdle Race, of 35 sore. , about two miles ; Belling Race, ot 30 sovs. , about six furlongs ; Shepparton Handicap, of 75 sovs,, abont one mile and a quarter ; Distriot Ladies' Bracelets, value 12 bovcl, 5 sovs. and 3 sovs. ; Sires' Pro- flnoe Stakes, closed with 15 nominations -, Flying Handicap, of 30 sovs. Entries close on fhe 1st of March. A grey pony named Kevertiro caused consi derable amusement by bis antics at Hurling- jbam on Tuesday, ft was with some troable .that his jookey persuaded him to take his pre liminary, and in doing so he cannoned against mounted trooper, both horses and riders being stretched out on the grass as a rosult of the collision. Tho constable was so much taken by surprise that he continned in the embrace Jcf mother earth somo timo before be realised bis predicament ; and when it becamo apparent that both the nneoated horsemen hsd esosped scatheless much merriment was indulged in at the trooper's exponse. He was not long in shifting to a safer part of the coursa After the race |was over Kevertiro, true to his name, wound up by bueking his rider ont of the saddle in the ghost accomplished fashion. Another amuBing incident eame under obser vation at Hurllnghnm. A Btrong second favorite for ono of tho pony races was supposed to bo a non-trier ; at any rate, ordors were said to be given tho jockey to that effect This eame to the ears of the boy's employer, a well known trainer, who thereupon interviewed the lad, and told him on no account to pull, bat, on tho other hand, to do bis utmost to win. He won, thereby causing grievous disappointment to those wbo took liberties with the animal in question on the supposition that it waBnota 'goor. Moral: Never let tby left hand know .what thy right handdoeth — especially in regard to pony racing, which is, as tho veteran Sir Thomas ds Cokcr would say, " A funny little game." J. Munro has severed his conneolion with tho Bt. Alban's establishment, and I am given to understand that there ia a probability of the .whole of Mr J. Crozier'a horses in training, numbering ten, being sent to tho hammer at n early data \- W. Filgate, jun., has taken boxes at Elsternwick Park, where he intends to settle down as a public trainer. Bluestone, who recently ran each q great race with Walballa at -Elsternwick' Park, and Wesaex have bcon placed under his charge. \- Joe Morrison takes all Eorts of painis to frustrate tbe Flemington touts, and when the land was tolerably clear, shortly after day break' on Sunday last, he brought down Don Giovan and Morok .for a go on tho tan. Trahan ateerod the former and T. Hales had the mount on the last "named. In a merry pin 'once round tho bruised bark track Don Gidvarr simply lost the Kirkbam cast-off. Foulsham has taken up hie quarter at Flemington, accompanied by Niagara, Solo and Lady Betty. The last named has grown and filled out all round since her previous visit, and Niagara has also greatly improved. Solo looks very different to when ho was last seen on Victorian soil, having developed into a really fino animal. Ho is decidedly " musical" when extended, however, and if the symptoms are not those of actual roaring ho ie certainly touched in the wind to a very serious extent. I have heard him make a very suspicions noise on moro than ono occasion during the last week. Trahan rides Foulsham'a horses at exercise, and I believe ho succoeds tbe late Alex. Robertson as first horseman to Mr. IV. C. Cooper. Nominations for the handicap events to be run for at the Kaarimba Turf Club meeting on the 17th February, close on "Wednesday next, tbe 1st prox. Tho Horsham Raco Club hold their annual meeting on the 22nd and 23rd of February. Nominations for tbe handicap races close next Wednesday, the 1st prox. Owners are reminded that nominations for tho Nnmnrkah Handicap of 50 sovs., one mile and a half ; Hurdle Race, of 30 bovs,, about two miles ; and Railway Stakes, of 20 sovs. , six furlongs ; close with Mr. W. G. M'Kinney, sec retary to the NumurkahTurf Club, on Wednes day next, the 1st of February. The meeting takes place on the 15th prox. On Tuesday next, the 31st inst., Mr. H. H. Turnley will receive nominations for tne follow ing raceB, in connection with tho Mooroopna Raco Club's meeting, to bo held on Friday, the 10th of February : — Hurdle Race, of 25 sovs., about two miles ; Mooroopna Handicap, of 50 sots., abont one mile and a quarter ; District Bracelet Race, for trophies value £10, £4 .and £2, abont Eix farlongs ; and Railway Stakes, of. 25 sovs., abont five furlongs. Mr. Bradsbaw holds another meeting at Richfield, on Wednesday, tho 1st Fe.rnary, and shonld the weather continuo fine, his course will probably be well patronised as the trip affords a pleasant chango from the heat and dnst of the city. Weights for the Marong meeting will bo de clared noxt Wednesday, . 'civ. Owners are remindod that acceptances for the Tasmanian Turf Club meeting are due on Friday next, tbe 3rd February. Queenseliff acceptances are due next Satur day, and on the same day the Baxter's Flat weights will be declared. Entries close next Monday for the meeting to bo held at Elsternwick Park, on Saturday, 11th February. Weights for the Oakieigh and Hawksburn Handicaps, to be ran at Canlfield on the 18th February, wilt be published on Monday. An extensive sale of horses will be held at Nagambie on Friday next, the 3rd February, by Messrs. J. H. Teaguo and Co. General entries for the Rochester meeting to be held oh the 1st February close on the pro ceeding day, Tuesday next. Race meetings of the Hurlingham type, with their attendant rabble of tbe lower orders of the tnrf, are not considered an acquisition in any respectable locality, and I am not surprised to bear that a number of leading residents of North Brighton are raising tboir voices against tbe establishment, of a modern pandemonium in their midst. Mr T. Bent, M.L.A., is the owner of the course, and I am given to understand that a number of tbe burly stone- waller's " constituents recently waited' upon him with a view of preventing a renewal of the Hnrlingbam lease for raoing purposes. Mr. Bent promised that raoing would be discon tinued at Hurlingham not later than October. Mr. S. Gardiner's horses, Shark and Branch- iopoda, left for Tasmania on Thursday in chargo of Carey. Although Vision and Cbildo Harold have been freely nominated for tho Tasmanian events Mr. R. Sevior in forms me that he has decided to decline the trip Cripps is not at all certain of undertaking the trip, but under any circum stances doda not intend to cross the straits until after the Geelong meeting, so that Harvester, Boz, Mistletoe, and Hayti will require to bo bustled over somewhat sharply in order to take part in tho opening celebrations at Lannceaton. Scobio intends to undertake the trip witb Ruby, and judging of the early morning pipe openers to which Morok has recently been treated at Flemington, it would seem as if Morrison hss designs on one or two of the leading events to be decided in tho island colony, . . Tho hurdle-racer Desperado left for Rand wick on Saturday last, accompanied by his trainer, G. H. Read. Tho one-eyed chestnut performed somo good work previous to his departure.- Tho ancient Nicholas, by Robinson Crnsoe— Dagmar, formerly identified with the " all black" of Mr. E. De Mestre, has made his reappearance on the Flemington tracks aftor several years' absence. He is attached to H. Tothill's team. Tho GIonnl(late Claret) was put about as a good thing for' the Trial Stakes at Wyndham, and ho was backed to win a fair Btake by cer tain of tise cognoscenti. Ho bolted on tho way to tbe poBtpand as bo was never taken in hand by Mr, Tom. Watson, backers of tbe up country nag did not looso their inonoy. His subsequent inferior display in the Werribeo Handicap favored the idea that they would have done; so bad be joined Teuton and Co. at tho post, Thuuderbolt ie at present undergoing a blistering operation. -; " .i : ; Captain Macbell has purchased Messrs. Dick inson's well known picture, The Lawn nt 'Gpod- wood, Messrs. Dickinson are; I hoar; engaged In another work of the kind, a yearling sale" at Doncaster being the subject,- in' which will be portrayed tho best known' breeders, trainers end buyers and others whose faces are , well known in the Doncaster sale ring. Next season tho King6ciere stable; with which is identified H.R.H. the Prince of : Wales, will have tho first call of Tom Cannon and his two sons' 'services. The ietainingfee is £1500. ' The Benalio'Baco Clnb has decided to hold tho annnal races on the 5th and 6th April ; £300 ba been allotted for prize money and a oommittee appointed to draw up a pro gramme. A fortnight ago I pointed out that tho weights for the Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup were announced to appear on tho 23rd inst. , but as the Caulfield meeting would bo hold three days later it would be desirable were Mr. Barnard given the benefit of that running before issuing his important publications. Tbe committee of tho V.R.C. havo taken tho same view of the matter, and the issue of Mr. Bar nard's interesting ultimata Btands doferred until Monday next. The booths and other privileges in respect to the race meeting to be held at Geelong on tho 3rd and 4th February were sold on Tuesday for the sum of £173 10s. The right to cater at the grand stand and in tho saddling paddock was purchased by Mr. Skinucr, of Melbourne for £110. Our Murehiaon correspondent reports that at a numerously attended meeting of tho Darga- long Turf Club committee on Monday night tho programme for tho Easter Monday raco3 was adopted. .1 may again remind racing men that on Tnesday next, the 31st inst., Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. will sell the whole of Mr. L. L Smith's stud, including the stallions Linerator and King Charles, half-a-dozen well bred broodmares ; seven yearlings by Liberator and King Charles, and the following well known horses in training : — Epicurean, Louise Berla, Hegira, Salisbury, Gladstone, Ursuline, Henrietta (full sister to Dunlop), Alexandra, Australia, Young Liberator, Sydney and a filly by Robinson Crusoe— Rose of Denmark. . The sale will take place at Mr. Thomas Jones's training stable, adjoining tho Caulfield race- conrse. . On Thursday, 2nd February, Messrs, Camp bell and Son will hold a clearing sale of Mr. Alex. Smith's famous Gippsland stud. The sale will take place at Bairnsdale, on account of Mr. A. J. M'Leod, who purchased the entire stud trom Mr. Smith. The catalogue contains the thoroughbred sires, Swiveller and His Lord ship, also a number of thoroughbred and half bred brood inares, geldings, colts and fillies by Don Giovanni (sire of Don Giovan), Ths Hook, Swiveller, Silence, Pirate, His Lordship and Chatterer. There are 128 lots catalogued in all. ; The opportunity will be a rare one for breeders and others. Messrs. C. L. Griffith and Co. announce a special horse sale at Albury on 2nd. 3rd and 4lh February, when over 700 fresh horses will bo .submitted, comprising light and heavy dranghts, cab, waggonette and coaching sorts ; and first class hacks, which include a very large number of high class Indian horses. A race of three gaits is thas described by an American exobange : — " A novel horse race took place at Fort Dodge, la. , recently. Tbe distance was a mile and a half, the horses to walk the first half-mile, trot the second half, and finish with a half-mile run, thus testing the animals on all gaits. There were 15 starters, and before the finish the interest ot the epootators was wrought up to tbe highest pitch. Tbe fast walkers had the advantage, as the horse that oould leave his closest competi tor even 6 or 8 rods in a walk of half a mile could open up a gap at a trot while the others were finishing their walk to tho wire, which it wonld- require sharp trotting to overcome. The race is said to have been most interest ing." 