COMMERCIAL PRINCIPLES. All the English speaking world glories in a free and feurlesB Press. In none of its institutions is such Jiride taken, for the Press has been ong acknowledged as tho true Palla- dium of liberty. Nothing more de lights the manly individual than the perusal of trenchant criticismB, made irrespective of. ciisto or creed; of vigorous vindications of truth, and right, and justice ; of articles exhibit ing neither fear, favor, affection, — or weakness, unions the failing lean to virtue's side. The youthful pressman, thorefore, comes to tho discharge of his noble duties prepared, like the Irishman's friend, for Donnybrook. This gentleman, utterly unversed in tho rules and regulations pertaining to such areuns as bo was about to enter, wan vouchsafed no more than tho laconic instruction : " Wherever you see a head, hit it !" So the eutliuBiast on first stepping in to the arena of the Fourth Estate is prepared wherever he sees a vice, to hit it. Wherever au injustice, a negligence, a default, n tyranny, a wrong of any kind shows its head, down shall como the flail of censure, upon it w'ithout any particular inquiry as to whom the hcud belongs. And, let it bo repeatod, nothing is mere relished or more lauded by. people in general. As nothing is more des pised and condemned than a venal "soapy," toadying newspaper, so nothing ia more honored aud ostoemed than a fearleBs, bard but righteous hitting one, by jioople in goneral — provided always their own particu lar heads aro spared! This is the losing clause whioh so largely drags down tho Press from its "ideal pinnacle of moral censor, and converta it into a commercial speculation. Brown may quite heurtily applaud the Nonsuch Flagcllaior when it drags the political poccancies of Jones over tho coals, but when it comes to Brown's turu he is as ready as Jones to iesue the dreadtd man dates : " Stop mv paper ! Withdraw my udveitieements !" The lofty en thusiast soon discovers that if soft w irds butter no parsnips, hard words butter no bread. IIo also disoovors that the commercial speculation must bo run on somowhat different lines. To got nlong at all ho must become . conveniently short-sighted and tactically hard of hearing ; but if be would become quito wealthy ho must lay these two golden maxims to heart: an advertiser can do uo wrong ; a rich.. pan is above criticism. And if advertisers" and rich men do deeds that make the blood boil, wait till some ono too poor to adrer- j tiso of" even pay a quarter's subscrip tion offends, nud pour out tho acou- mulated vjals of your wrath upon phut aoapogoftt, It will be conceded that the Atg « ;ctⅈ|£ept The truth1 ity it' hta bbeu Bomewhat F'nlreG o'i l-'liis tHoaiolr©B «ia-.S .' ibn;a;ndk t'e s?; AdyeMieempj aforesaid, .wore than one „u£ those sppednesB : ; . towards others-'; j have 'been ' the-,' readiest ' to 'takV ' "this -noble- -reyeuge -when ..dt— oaoae- '.tohiheie;/- ownyt ufny- Efqwever- it miiet bo confosaed that in ost dnBtantjeg what was done on-' fche - Bpur yf'hngerwadsopnrepehte'dufand .upon' .the w hole perhaps . not . much eicept temper waa h)8t.: A.t al'oyeat8 if wo lost monoy, we gained syropathy. ie'.freqtji'ntly 'recoire,'., dbttere %x- prtssidg appreCidtibn of our '.'stylo „of writing ion all. public question— rifc is fair, liberal, just, and genurquB" ; J; ; tako such an. interest - in . (the JArgus, and . delight in' its /' liberal principles," Ac., A., words which, though unaccompanied bv |.any'; corn- tnorcial equivalent, are, perhaps none the less relished and all the more ia-. spiring. ' The proof of tho pudding, how ever, is in the eating. To show that, commeroially, tho Argils is not doing so badly; to-morrow's issue, will ooine out in a now, dress: Every lettor and figure will be impressed by a brand new type. Only those in tho trade havo ; any nation of the expense in volved in renewing tlie '. whole typo of an establishment liko; ours, jobbing department and all, and this has been recently effected. But it would not be obtruded pub lic but that in "this, instaiioo it soryea to point a moral in the direction of encouraging fearless, just and legitimate proBs work. While in a fair degree sub mitting to tho oxigonoies of the com mercial policy, «e trust to do bo in the future as in ths past so as not to incur the contempt of anyone whose good opinion is worth the having ; confident that iu tho future us iu tho past the Argus, m\l be able to pay its way and retain its place in the first rank (of journalism as tested by every ennon applicable to that honor able calling. The great French duo! so graphically de scribed bv Mark Twain, has at lust, boon paralleled if not eclipsed. Up to that limo, aooordin j to tlio voraoious Mark, ho himself was I he. only "person over hurt ut such a meeting. Now tlio fire-eating apostlo of rovongo. General Bnulanger, lias boon wounded more severely than in any of his bailies, whilo bis antagonist, ,tho Premier of Franco, docs not OBCapo aeatlilosa. RUo- whoro it is theso sumo daro-dovil military- men who twirl their mustachios, swear, swagger, and call you out upon tho flimsiest pretoxt. But thoy havo altorod oil that in 'Frauoe. Tboro it is tho man of the pon who is always itching to convert it into a sword. It is your . journalist who may not bo re garded slantindioulariy without evoking an invitation to pistols and ooffeo at tho oarly 'hour of dawn. T'horo aro Parisian oditore who haVo accomplished as' many daois : us articlos, thoir oxpcrienco invariably showing tho latter.. foat to bo the xnoro dangorous The flow of blood from the brain indueod by the concentration of thought rcquisito to a first olass loador, incites to upoploxy, whilo (hq (Fronoh) duel only occasions that early rising whioh is proverbially half the battle in tho attainmont of Health, wealth, and wisdom. But that thoro aro exceptions to overy rule, evon that governing tho French duo, tho mooting botweon Gonoral Bou- langor and Promior Floquet provos. Truly it would , bo au unoxpoctod and inglorious end for tlio man who was to ro-onaet the career of tho Groat Napoloon thus to eon- vert a farce into a trsgody. His olaa'ion to the Chamber of Deputies waa expectod to destroy Floquot. Shall it rosult in destroy- %ig himself P Women's O.T. Union. — Tho ubuuI fort nightly mooting of tho W.Q.T. Union was held yostorday afternoon, in tho Congrega tional Church. Minutes of lust meeting were read ' and confirmed. Among tlio cor- respondence was a lettor from tho seorotary of tho. Colonial Union, informing tho local branch that tho Convention would ,bo hold on tho 18th, 19th, and 20th September ut Brisbane. Letters woro reooived from the. superintendents of Mothers' mootings. and visitors to tho depot. .During the last month 24 now arrivals hud been indueod to sign the total ubstinouoo pledge. Tract dis tribution lias been carried on in several dis tricts of tho town, and parcels sent on board vessols in harbor . Tho unuivorsary of the Union will bo colobrated by a public tea moetirg in August. Curs for the Scottish. — It lias boen derided by t.ho local Soottit-h Corps that the niembor attaining the highest nggrogato marks in shooting aud drill shall be rewarded by a oup of the valuo of ton guineas, while tho sooond best gets a oup of tho value of two guineas — provided oaoh party wins his re spective prize two years in suocosiion. This proviso is likoly to cause somo competition baforo linnl ownership is established, if that rosu't ever takos pl&oo.; Howovor, the year's winnors.wili always havo the satisfaction of holding their trophies for twelvo montliB at any rato. For tlio first prizo Capt. Gavin gives five guinoas, tho othor moiety boiug subsoribad by tho other members of the corps. The second prizo ia the gift of Liout. Mnrintosh. Murks count from the 1st. July, onrreat- to tbo 30th Juno tor tho first year. . Land Salb. — Mr. G. S. Curtis held a|salo of land yostorday foronoon at elovon o'olook. Tlioi'o wore not so many jpresent as at Mr. Curtis' two last sales. Portion 25G, parish of , Gruoomoie, subdivided -into 10 blocks, ratigiug in aroa from 2( to 3 aoroH, was put up in orio. hloclt, bql. there bring no pur chaser oacii subdivision was put up separ ately. Mr. Kasonedor boennio tho puvohnser of tlio corner subdivisions 1 nnd 2 nt £9 10. 3 nnd 4 at £8, and 5 at £7< 10a. Mr. Gltie- gow bought corner subdivision 9 at £7 10s. Two buildinjj allotments in Oampboll- streol. being allotments 4 and '5 wore disposed of for £50 for tho two. A blook of land on tho Lower Dawson Road being allot niont No. 15 of t port inn 49, an area of £ an ucro and 2 perohes, together with a four-roomed dwelling houao and tanks, wsspiissod in at £240, A block of land in En9t-slrect, opposite MtitiroV. ooltngos, and near tho Mnsonic Uotol, wns knocked down to Mr. William Eraser at £10 per fool. J ho only gthor bid was £/. -UotittT.' L' made '.tha- iniiii'iiil iiffliftMtve. idyoyvniloh tbiere'yasi no lwBo$ oourita||(ii| to ba , atfjp'diofi.ed: 'dI>rii'i:aUfoik'the;3 'lo bo as' wellpitroniidd as Svor.""-jii. Htildxng.' f'ooiXTY.- In ouro»tertjfy«! iBB»e6p0qirttsetinorth0, a>oekui)ra|jcon . Poritianotit Building So.oloty waS advortiaod . Steh.ihst.thrb.ugh'nprintaf'l'omiifsion'.1 It should havo booh the RookbDtnp(oh,':P8V' innnonfc Building Society No,> 2 as por our- wh6V.it, ..will; bo rpmeoiberdd .jr'aai-ln tbh hbspitaiibinsvtjmo ago! wit a':'br6kBiia#nj, iqnd whfijb in du1 '6oiac;jo, momiiKi.agqiOjfoll n«d broJte lbo'iosq ar'm a second'Hiijq ' | LoNiONiWHRAT MAHEBT.LrTho' LonSbiiv offioo of tho Now Zoalnhd Loan audMoiroari- tilo Agenoy Co. yostorday wirod. tho looal ofltco "Wheat: Tho to.no of the markot ih firm; -tbe-wdathor boini; uhfavorablo ' for 1 lid crop horo. Adelaido 'Whoat is worth 34s. ' pui' 490 lbs." - - -( - Cabinet Maeing.-— A haudsoiuo blaok and gold- oabiuot mado to ordor, ha9 ju3t boon qompleted by Mr. H. F. Hoylo in suoh a mannor as to show that ho con manipulato tho tools of his trade as woli as modulate tho vooal ohords. Th" oabinot whioh ' is radiant with . bovellod-odgo plate-glass ha:a boon designed, constructed, carved, and gilded -4jv himsolf. ; !%hmiobants, — The R.M.S.LWoroonga nrrivelVM Port Alma yostejd&aHemoon;, and tho imVqMrants, 87 itfnumbor/boarded .t.liq tonder nnikrivod nt' thsAflutrf about ,8"3C(Hst njpht, wn\, being' ttiken in tow bytto'lMmigrationTfflLor, Mr. Beasloy, thoy. maj4«'thoir way tdShe . depot.— Tho Cloundrryjliai been delayed Bstrong hoad winds, ticfcs, and stoppages tfrsMisohnrgo cargo coming down tbo ooaet, ex- pected in Keppel Cay this afternoon, Wood Vbkhus Iron. — Yostorday, a man of wood and a man- of iron canio into violont collision in tho stroot. Tlio intorviow bogun in certain moro or less mild insinuations of oacli boing thon, and nt divors times bygono, on gaged in a aanguinnry porvorsion of tho truth. This led up to a tost of eiiduranco by mutual impact, rosulting in tlio man of irou coming off badly eocond boat. Tho raoo is not ulways to tho swift, or the baltlo to tlio hard. ! JwNGFUAU Kapblle,— Tho Jungfrau or Swiss Mountain Singers who' appoars for tho first timo nt tho Sohool of Arts on Wednes day, 25th July, not only present to thoir audiences an ontortainmont which is quaint anduniquo, but also bring it lo Rookbarapton stamped with tho onthuBiastio approval of Molbourno, Syduoy, and Brisbane, as well as tlio old world. To lovers' of mtisio thoir oonoorb is dolightful. Aooording to southern papers, thoir voioes nro fresh and tunoful, and the earnostness and pnthos with which -thoy render thoir. songs kindle an enthusiasm in thoir uudionooB, which truo sympathy only can respond to. Thoy play all sorts of instru ments — zilophone, guitar, harp, mandolin, violin, piocolo, flute, /drum, ocarina, and a numborof othors, and oaoh with tho sumo oxcoilonco. Tho Jodolliug, tlio peculiarity of tho Tyroloso singing, must bo heard to bo understood. To Australians who havo travel led in Kuropo maay oliarming momorios will be awakened by tho Jungfrau Kapollo, while to Ihoso who havo' not bo wandered a vista will bo oponpd of a now attraction, difforont to anything thoy havo yet experienced. . ; North 3idb Puis£(tivbs.— Mr. / John Jonos favors ns with tho following account of nn ontortaiDmcnt at tho Frimitiro Mothodist Cliuroh, North Rookbaiupton : — " Lnst/Wqd- nosdny evening, I wont, as a groat many moro did, to tho Primitivo Mothodist Ohuroh, on tho north side, whoro a spoilt! entertain ment was givon by tho nowly-organisod mem bers of tho choir ; and I must say I was agreeably surprised at tho very ollloient man ner in which tho several pieces woye ron- dorod. Tho worthy ex-Mayor, . Mr, . . Fao0 provod liirasolf a very wortliy ohairman,- and , although, as ho stated, it was the first timo ho hud ocoupiod such a position on such nn occasion, hohopod it would not bo tho last, Aftor a fow romarks by tho Chairman, which, by the wiiy, wore very appropriate, a solo with chorus, " Tho Girl's Bost Friond is Uor Motbor," was vory nicely rendored by Mrs. Teaguo. Miss Lydia Slator next gavo the " GatoB of tho West," in a vory ablo mannor. Tho noxt itom on the programme was a solo with ohorus, by Miss Mooro, whioh was muoli appreoiatod. Thon Miss Maud Slator treutod ns to a fine rendering of " God is Love." Miss Hopkins and Miss Powbll presided at tho organ and pianoforte in a very eillricnt mannor, and conlribuLod not a littio to tho buccoss of the ovoning'b ontortainmont. Thon followed a sorvico, ontitlod " Littio Tiz." Tho roudiug of the sorvico was cntruitod to Mr. Fox, of Buroaldine, who soon provod ho was tho wight man in tho right plnoo Ever ything passed off woll. and ths onter, tainmont was a great suocoss." Irrigation &o.; — Messrs. Burns and Twigg informs that on O'Roilly's farm, aituntod oh ths railway lino about nine miles from town,, thoro is a pump at work, which has a capacity of 1200 gallons per hour. It is workod by a small engino .whioh supplies tho motiro power, ivhon necosaayy, to a chaff-cutter, anil a bono mill. The latlor is tbo only ono in tho Central, District, pnd has boon manufac tured by thp. above liqmod firm. Tho mill ought to havo a oipic\ty to grind a ton of bonos per day, perhaps, moro. Mr. Fred. Morgan lias also got a pump ut work on his laud at Limo Crook, qnd tho results aro fairly oncournging. A Chinaman numod All You, - living near Gracomoro, has,, also got a 1200 gallon pump driven by stoam power in bis gaVdon, which is lookiug splendidly in conssquqnoo. Mossro. Burns and Twigg in form us that an engine pump with a capacity of 1700 gallons por hour could be created and completely fitted up any whoro iu tho dis trict within a radius of 30 miles at a cost of £700. Tho pump will lift tho volatno of wutin stated a height of 70 foot. The pump oould bo workod at A cost of throo hulf-ponoo por ihoqauud gallons. 'Tlio pump is vory suitable for lifting water from tlio Fitvroy. Tho wntor should bo lifted to tho highest lovol, and led by gravitation ovoy tho ground whioh is intended to bo irrigatod. Fquattors have, as a rulo, somo clioico land on their runs suitable for cultivation, and Mr. Burns is surprised tlioy do not irrigatq 40 or 60 aoros, and thus ensure buying sufiioiont green stuff to keep nt least tho select brood ing stock in good condition in tipio of drought. If you want your Wnteu repaired In n pniotioo.l manner go to -W. Howard, Practical VYs-tohuiakcr, WiUiitm-atrccL. .SyiNoKoiToSuBBoKiJaBBi— 3nbaoriberBjto ,'ibia: jonrna) aro re'speotfulily reminded : that ilibscriptiODB are! striofly, payable - in .ad- jrance; and that uniees arrqitrs aro paid we eatinot andectake" to bontinuo to forward' papbr. ' ' McLaughlin's biitoBSs'Sjort'camo' to Rriotlpflqsito tho RaiUvOyHotbl, Dorby- <8tree(Mterdt9Stbe nut'oamo off the kxlo, .nadfcAho wliqal IrSfbUgsomo distanco -.by-itsolBf No ono, howovor, was the , driver .escaping with. a slighflhaking.. "'MA|ilbeb'a .Bbbwebj.— Lho boilqr i in .bourse of completed by 'Messrs. Sums ind Twigg, qbd vftlb-iirobably b'j'.dqspatohod tpAhcfcslto of'ilio browotNaqxt wobk?' ' Tho ongrpoAd pnUps are already onth ground, and tbvrk offitting up the inaoliihb'lfis expoctbd''to s'ail, shortly. -JJarnTATtoNisiNO.— It is thgQ|ention of mcmborg of tho Hospital Qotnraiitreo to .wnit upbn tho.pn. William PMtibiJlf.L, A., to'- dny in.rqapiiijfctp tho donutiqn of £500 pro'- imsetTby/ the Into G<>vqrnmont. — Tho Oliam- borwfi-WRffhoroo at ll-jtlWiilalso wait upon Mr. Pfittison as a d o p u I a t io ft J.\\-ij(l brinp under his notioo sovoral looal mnlter.-lkts.ij, . v-'Quaubreb Impbovinq.— From inquiries we h8rc:piade wo loarn that thoro ib an im- 'provomenfc'iit.pha'mbora'.bonditi.6h,>nd that . there arojiopoiqtertained of jus rooovory. Though hib'oonstitufcip.u.is riot n partioularly trorig oho, -no. haLalwsiis.- bbori-.tbmporato, and taken gJod),.patb of himbblfqn otlior ro- spoots. ' "''-'I/ ' ... Tattbbbalb'b Race Meeting. — Mr.:: 0. -R> 'I'homlinson, Manager of the Daiiy Northern Argus Oflloo, has boon again suc cessful in ' his' tender for the race pro grqme, tho superior atylo and workmanship of the Jookoy Club programme as printed qnd published by him at tha Argus ofilco in Jano last will ho sufficient guarantee for tho charaoter of the Tattoreall's programme, and will again afford tho public a really capital advertising medium. Joint Rroatta Committee. — A meeting of tho Joint Gommittoo was hold at tho Bolmoro Arms last ovoning, to considor and doaido whether tho I ako's Crook or tlio town reach should bo used at (ho forth coming regatta. Thoro were present : Mossrs" A. 0. Drako (in tho olinir), A. MoLcod, E- It. B. C'oar, B, Long, L. Shooter, It" MoClollan, by proxy, and A. I'1. CollinB. Aftor somo disoussion tbo voting resulted iu a tio, and it was decided to adjourn for tho purposo of consulting tho various club committees on the mattor. Govbiinme.-it Gazictte Notices.— It is , notified that tho Crown Lands office at Bluokall will bo 3losod on tbo 31st July, and fcb at nftor that dnto tho businass will bo con ducted at Briabano. A Land Board Court will bo hold at Bnroaldino ' on tho 29th August, nnd at Hoekhamplon on tho 1st Sop- lombor noxt. Tho fresh toudors for tho orection of shelter sheds and offices at Emu Park nnd Lake's Crook eloso on Friday next, tho 27th instant, and benders for tho orection of station-iniistor's houso ut Emu Park oloso on Friday, tho 4th August next. \ Sboeting. — My. A" F. Collins statos ho in tends to hold a series of Shoffiold handicaps in thV Gymnasiuiiq Grounds, ,Nrl>h Rook- hnmpton, under ir Joseph Brinks rules. Tlio drib is, to bo r'uu qn tbo night of 'tho 8th August, ' t.ho 'laoo-day, Tho first hkndioap will bo for £15.- - Ho,:Jutonds. to illuiriinato tho grqumlj nnd hold these, handicaps dnoo a month..' Mr. CpllsDs soyq he' intends to givo \- 10 per oarit. of tho gate proceeds to oiiaritablo institutions;, the iirrit porconlage -to go to th'e Girls' Fyiondly Society. Suoli'acourso will, no doubt, bq' upprprikted by the 'suoiotios in question, nnd young men of an atlil ifci.o. and benovolont turn will probably patronise. Mr. Collins in consoquonce. "'.Tue Dbaf and Dnhd Man.— This man, whom wo roforroi to iri-ouv issuo of tho 18th instu ijt, was yesterday, arrested on a charge of vagranoy by Dotootivb: Clavko. Tho da- tootivo oskod him how ho :got bis living, and ho mudo at long, rambilpg ptatomont, and when asked tq repeat it,'ho--;profossed to be deaf. Hq was'Tukon to BbLover-slroot, and introduced to tbo.watoh- lioiisokeopor. Iri'Iiis bag was found a eqvings-hqnk'book, showing £28 12s. Gd. to his1 qredib, '. Ho bad two £5- notos on him, and £0/8s. '9J. in silvor: It appears ho was in tho hospital us a paupor pationt for 28 ' days, and' sinco having boon disobargod thorofrqin, has boon going round witli'-a book. in wiiioh tho following potition appoars : — To', tho Charltablo -Miclmol Con way, who has lost his lioalth, arid is in hos pital, hqving a wi(o, and - nine ohil-lren; no moans to support tliom ; wants a littio assist ance until hp gets-.- able' to. barn for Thoin." If this man is coriviatad of the ohargo, he ought to bo oompolled t.i pay for tho 28 days ho has boon in tho hospital. Ho must have hod tlio groator part of tho monoy stated,, and jot ho wont there as n pauper pationt. \ Tkuykranoe Entertainment. — Lest, night a vory ploasnnt meeting was held in Protestant Hall, Aluia-stroet, which, wub filleH to ovorflowiDg, several luto eomoca bavihg to stand. Mr. J. Sims occupied tho ohairif and stated that tho meeting was held under\be auspicos of thq.Alotundta Lodgo, LO.G.tL with whom .jtb Good Templar Lodges \orked unde'tbovsamoules all over tho qtorld. The.yaro ihree Lbdges in RockhampVn, also jiji|inile empipB for the young oncAi . He whnld noi detain them further, as tho prog-raftuaje-Was long, but call upon MrX'Holt for a soijg. The first item was creditably rpuderod, irifter which Mr. Haytvard gavo . a recitation, anil yiaa recalled. \ Mr. Deigap; next fol- Ktived witlt a sahg- Tho firijit lady por- fOTjner vim Missy M. Slutoy, who has a airoriiao woico, ,hei>- song being enqored. . Mrs. Giws and Bliss L, Slater with a recitation iiiufrsong respectively noxt follbwod, v|iion on Jhitorval ensued during whioh ooffeq- jand cakoVwore handod round. Aftor this qfigliJ broalAin tho proooodiAgs, tho Rev. lt',Tartloy qjdivorcd a short ad- dross, statii)M til it his posonco thoro that ovoning show whosp side lio was on. Ho wus Btill Q|i tlio side of (tamporanoo, and for tho last 5 3% oars had foiipd it lo bo tho best side in ovqyy rospeot. Tlio Press woro now on I heir sitjo, and if thoyVhd not report thom vory fully, vthoy did not sheer ut thom, as used to bo tho onso in former times. There was ids i. something beig dono in ooul Option cirnleB. Tho rov.®gontloman conoludod by exhorting thoso wqp lmd not signed tlio plodgo to do so. An encore was acoordod Mr. H cam's song, and reading from Mr. M'Naught was uttontivoly(listoncd to. Tho Missos Morgan also contributed to tho ploaeuro uf tho ovoning, a duo, being vory sweetly rendorod, and a song by ono of these ladies wouud up the programing. A piano was kind y lont for tho occasion by Mossrs. Bcalo and Co. 1 lie lionodiotion by tho llov. Mv. Spalding terminated 'jtlio mooting. /. A Ghost in Winton. — Thoro is great trouble in a certain doraestio cirolo in oonso-; , quonco of the apprsrqnos.'of a ghost (says tho herald)-— and a real' livo ghost too.- This : ghost appeared at .th e hour when graveyqrds are eapposou to giro up tneir anaa, out ovi- dontly oaloulnted without tho . host, and, it boing rat, hor bright at tho timo of tho appari- ' , > . tion, although oalcutstod from appearances to stiirt lo liinid mnidons, it was not proof against tho ablo-budiad- paterfamilias whoso bedroom ho so closely invaded. Tho gentle man who was disturbed , and a certain , " knight of tho oleavor " are riot now frio'nds, "\ Wo trust, omv cliost will not got shot. V The War of tub Taripps,— In yestea- ' day's (Courier's) issuo, thoro appeared a tele- gram from Oharlcville,. slating tliatadopu- I tation had intorviowod tho Ministor for Rail- jWaysJ Mr. Nelson, at that plaoo, to ask for a red'uolion in tlio railwajr wool ratos over Quounslanil linos. Mr. 0. H. Millar, of the firm of Millar, Carter, and Co;, of Brisbane and Chnrlovillo, assured the Ministor tbat in. ' tho ovont of tho rates of curriago being loworod ho oould promiso the freight of a largo quantity of wool, and Mr. Nolf'on ngrood to support tlio request olf t,ho deputo- : . tiou with his collonguo. Yostorday Mr. , Carter, in reply to questions by a roprosonta- tivoof this journal, confirmed Mr. Millar's statement that ' in tho evont of Quoonsland rail >vay ohargos being reduced too roasonablo rato, 1000 tons of wool annually, whioh has for six or sevon years cone .'oulli by way of Bourko, would bo diverted to Quoonsland lines 'Ibis would moan not only tho carry ing of tho wool, but a roturn freight in tho' shapo of about 400 tons of rations rind supplies, whioh, in turn, would havo tho offcct of reducing dray charges, . onrriors boing willing to make a conoosaion. in view of tho doublo loading. Ab matters are . now, station ownors Bonding wool Uouth find it olieapor to send it ovor tlio Now South bordor than to mako uso of tho Queensland ruilways. As an oxamplo of tho unsatis factory; way in which our railway traffio works, ib may be moutionod that from Coongoola, on tho Wnrrcgo, tho carnage of wool to Bourko is £G, whilo to tho nearest Queonslund Ruilway station it is only £4 10s., yet the Bourko route affords .consider ably tho obcapoat moans of oonvoyanoo to the South. A further striking oxamplo of tho prohibitivo nature of our railway traffio is - to ho found in tlio fact that Quoonsland sugar intended for, say, Thargotnindah is as a rulo sont from Llrisb mo by sea to Sydnoy, and Llicnoo by rail and road to its 'destina tion, instead of by railway and dray through Queensland — the cnormou-ly increased - distanco in tho former route being moro than componsatod by tho cheaper carriage. , . TiiBiufflrttqr of Commorc.wiirEjold tboi' usuaijpohthly iVtsatyig in tji-Exohango , | ChumbutUn's aftornooniir-3;aft.m. There ' is a full/DUsinosa shoot. 