The Invisible Tailor and Tailoress. BV AX OLD CONTRIBUTOR. From the window of the little tailoressonc could see the windows of Colonel Fontaine's great house. As she trimihsd her kerosene lamp and its yellow (lame grew brighter, the white, glittering gaslight Hashed up with in every room of the line mansion. Two little geranium pots where upon her window sill. All over Colonel Fontaine’s house were hot-house flowers in baskets and vases, and blooming on their parent stems in the con servatory. Two strips of rag carpet, and four painted chairs, and aneight-day clock, aud a picture of the Infant Jesus, and two green plaster of Paris narrote-—these and ppriy, real-sna personal, of the little (ailor ess. One chair in Colonel Fontaine's house was worth all her possessions. Every sort of fine upholstery, articles of virtu, carpets that cost incredible sums, pictures by the old masters and the new ones that were fash ionable, everything that can be crammed in to a bouse to make it sumptuous, yon found in Colonel Fontaine's. It ii-as enough to make a little woman en vious. The tailores3 turned down her light, and laid aside her work—it was in no terrible liurry—and went and sat by her windows, looked over towards this fine house, where they toiled not, neither did they spin, wish ing, as many a liard-working woman baa wished before, that her lot had been cast in aueh paths. As she sat gazing and envying, there en tered the room another person. It was the little tailor, husband to the little tailoress. He also came and sat in the window. “ There are to be fine doings there at Fon taine’s,” he said. “I have just been talking to black Sam, the waiter, lie waits there touiight. Two hundred pound does not Bprcad the table. Think of that! “ Ah 1 it's fine to be some folks,” said the tailoress. " Yes, indeed,” said the tailor. “Yes, yes, Dolly. Yes, yes Then they looked out again in silence. The Bilver stars were out in the sky and a little crescent moon ; the frost glittered on the brauehes of the trees along the streets and on the window panes ; but the lace curtains only half hid the splendor within that lighted mansion. The musicians were coming — a whole band of them. They jabbered in German as they filed up the steps. They had their in struments in green baze bags and in long black boxes, “ It’s plain there is to be dancing,” said tbe little tailor. ‘•Ah! poor folks don't get much time to dance,”said the tailoress. She folded her arms and looked a little cross as she said this. Her husband also looked very moody. They had better have dropped their curtain and gone to their stitching; all that splendor was making them horribly discontented. “ Only two of ’em,” said tbe tailor. “ They haven’t a child,” " llich men for luck, and pour men for children," said the tailoress. “ How we’ve .got three.” _-———— *—••-miere'o iiic carriage company, said the The carriages were rolling up. Shadowy figures tripped from them, and hurried up the steps. As the door opened, the glisten ing oE silk and the Hash of jewels could be “ All 1” said the tailoress, “ and my best dress is only alpaca." _ “ Stroller tails, no doubt—all of ’em,” said tbe tailor. “ Ob, dear 1 ’ “ Don’t I wish I was her!” said the tailoress. “Don’t I wish I was him!” said the "Flow if only we could change with ’em,” said the tailoress. “ I’d take the chances,” said the tailor. “ So would they," said a voice behind The tailor and tailoress turned their heads. A little woman in a black cloak and a red night-cap stood behind them—a very little woman, hardly larger than a child. She held in her hand a broom, and her white elf locks tumbled all about her face. Her eyes were black, and bright as the frosty stars that were glittering in the sky. " You are surprised to see me, I presume," said the old woman. “ Well,” said the tailor, “ not to be uncivil, we are. Folks usually knocks.” “ I neverdo that,” said the old woman. “ I come through the key-hole.” “Joking I presume, mum,” said the “Ho," said the old woman. “I’m a The tailoress got behind the tailor as speedily as possible. “ I’m a very amiable one, unless I’m vexed,” said tbe old woman. " It does vex me to see people seared. I’m sure I’m not an alarming object.” “ I’m not a bit frightened,” said tbe tailor css ; “only witches isn’t usual.” “ Oil, 1 don't mind you,” said the witch. “ You are nothing but a fool. Here you are as comfortable as need be, coal in your cellar, food in your closet, three rosy children abed in there—you might give them more air, it is true—plenty of work, and all you need, and you sit and fret because you haven’t all tbe fiucry in that bouse. Why, riches don't make people happy by themselves, never did, and never will.” “ You’re apparently an older lady than what I am,” said the tailoress, “ and you had oughter knew hast,. htB’K •*-'*4*v*— like to know how a person that wears tanks and velvets every day, and has never fetched the water to wash her own hands, and goes out a riding behind her own horse, and is complimented and admired tbe whole of her life, can help being happier than a ipoor little soul that stitched and stitcheET since before ever she was crown up ; that never rode in anything better than the street cars; that counts every shilling before she spends it; has had three children, Lard help her 1 and has a black alpaca and a bit of gilt breast-pin for Sundays, and makes her things last year in and year out. • i And not to contradict a lady and a witch,’ said the tailor, “ how is a nmn that works at a toiling, moiling trade, and half the time an’t paid at that, and has a wife and three children1 to feed and clothe and shoe—grum bling over what he gives her at that—to he contented and as happy as a fellow that just writes his name to a cheque when he wants money, and driuks champagne and then things?” . , " A morecontentcd creetur man never hid for a wife," cried the tailor’s wife, burstiig into tears afresh. “I never—’’ “ Hold jjyour tongue,” gsaid the witci. “ Come, I’ll give you a chance to see if these people are really happier. You shall go ovir into that house and take a peep at its m;s teries, if you like. I’ve only to wave iiy broom and you will become invisible. Youit sec things no one else sees, hear things lo one else bears, and, if you wish to do so, yiu shall afterwards change places with Hum. Van shall be Mr. Fontaine,you shall heirs. Fontaine, always providing you desire todo S°'“ Mv eyes !” cried the tailor. “ Will, Dolly?” “It won't liurt to be invisible, eb ;• cied the tailoress. . “It's bit like taking clilorotorm, I sp pose,” said the tailor. i “ Agreed 1” asked the witch, j “ Yes,” said the tailor. The witch waved her boom. “ I feci as if I was going off," said the tailoress. “ Me, too,” said the tailor. In a moment more the pair felt as light as a couple of feathers or two bits of thistle down. They were floating about in the air, and felt sure that no one could see them. They tried to grasp each other's hands, but there was no substance to hold. They Lried to speak, but they had no voices. Still, in some subtle and incomprehensible way, they commuciated their thoughts to each other, without the aid of speech. They were in the Indy’s chamber. She sat all alone there. Her black velvet robe swept over the lloor. Diamonds glittered on her bosom and in her ears; on her rounded arms also. She was a burnette of the volup-. icauty, heVredJitg|berBoajfc_ tiny car-shells, were beyond description. She bent over a desk ; within it lay a picture—tut portrait of a fair man , in a uniform. She talked’to it in whispers. “ Year after year, day after day, hoar after hour,” she whispered, "and I cannot forget. Your blood is upon my hands, Jerome. My heart is haunted by your ghost. May God forgive us both.” There was a sound without—a step at the “ Are you ready, madam ?” said a voice. It was that of Colonel Fontaine. The lady arose. “ One moment,” she said. “ Ah, if you would but leave mo in peace—if you would but let me hide myself away somewhere i” " Again ?” he said. ” Come here, madam. I am waiting for you.” He did not even set his foot across the threshold of the lady’s door, and she obeyed him, and passed out into the wide hall. The invisible tailor and tailoress (lilted out with her. They had just as much curi osity as they had in the llesh. Besides, what did they come for but to listen ? 11 Do you suppose I enjoy these scenes?" said Colonel Fontaine. II You seem to,” she answered. “ You seem to, also,” said the colonel. "It is all seeming with us. They call us an affectionate couple, t presume. They do not know how, since I found his letters and his picture, we have hated each other." “I do not iiato you, Henry,” said the Indy. “I tlo hate you,"said the colonel. “There is no hideous creature begging in the streets that I loathe as I do your beautiful person—I who loved you so 1” “ Ah, my God 1” moaned the woman. “ Why torture me so?” III only do it when you rebel,” said the colonel. “ Am I not tortured — a lonely, childless man, with a weight of secret shame upon my soul? You doomed me to this life, and you shall expiate the crime. You shall appearbefore the world as Colonel Fontaiue’s wife should. For ten years we have played the farce. We shall play it to the last." I 1 quarrelled with him about a game of cards, not about you. I slapped him in the face, and he challenged me. But he know—he knew why he died, I saw it ia his face as I sent the bullet to his heart." “ Ah; have mercy 1” moaned the woman live. I killed the more innocent of the two. You have yourown apartments, I have mine; we only play our little role of Darby and Joan before the world. It is not much punish ment for yotir crime, and it kecp3 my name from public shame. Are you ready, madam !” She bowed. They went down the stairs together; they were saluted by their guest; they saluted them. The dance went on; the music swept into dreamy waltzes; the fecst was eaten, the wine (lowed; but the two invisible guests|saw what no one could see with bodily eyes. While the lady smiled and talked, while she danced, while she sang, one form still moved before her eyes—a phantom, pale and liery—a beautiful young man in captain’s uniform, with a deep wound in his breast. Its eyes looked toward her,and seemed tosny—“Murderess!” And the master of the house—what he saw was this: a life that had no meaning, a trampled love, a shattered faith, a broken heart. His own. " Want to change with them I” asked the woman in the red can and black cloak. “Can, if you choose.” “ For the dear Lord's sake, lake us home,” cried the tailoress. There they were opposite each other in the two chair. The lights stilt gleamed from the windows of the house over the way, and carriages were rolling from the door. “ It's queer,” sakUbe tailor, <•' It’s awfully queer," said the tailorcs3. “I suppose it's all a dream,” said the “ Yes, darling," said the tailoress. ■ “ Blessed little Dolly,” said the tailor. “ I wouldn’t be her for a kingdom,” said Dolly. “ I wouldn’t be him for a world,” said the “ And how nice it is,” said the tailoress, “ to look into the hall bedroom and see ’em so comfortable—baby between us, and Sally and Kitty in the trimdle bed.” “ Yes, Dolly,” said the tailor. “It don’t take a witch to tell us that riches by them selves don’t make happiness. It's better to be honest and pure and ashamed of nothing, than to roll in gold with a wicked secret on he mind. “ We’ll pray for those poor rich people to night, Dolly.” _ “Amen,” said the tailoress. taous style of -1 linn. little ears, like 