THE OQIjDISN hope i. A ROMANCE OF THE i>EEP. I 1 I dreamt . dream Ih.twm not'sll i dresui.' . B W. CLAPE Russbll.. .. , ' 1 y,„.„KR XXXVI- (costinurd.) - The Chap g„h00nkb IE spoken, ; - ; Breeohos sent a gloomy look over the, toff- , « and folded hi arms wiih a etare at the .cook's pale faoe. Johnny, the boy, bsgan to ,W?Fo%il8boro sohooner to be taken and | u, men m»de prisoners ot » «« « p»»e.u» ( termination of tho woyaRa./a-tinly,' satd , 5? 5 — :,h in a growing ironical voioe, and feWbiryinghiBhOOd'. io his pockets.. ! r T know I wish I'd never shipped. Dont , I know l j( || hudu't been for ;T)uBkVp»«nsdin'ofme. There's that aboot fhln hora woyage that's kep' mo nuoom ort- able all tbroagb. Why, damms. I(Wou dn'l h» f so mnch objeot to the ptrsnn's wlsion If Jl hsan't turned oot true. It's Us trosness l»s r & t04 1 there's nothin' there. I laugh at bim ; bnt if , he points end I look and sees a blaok man iritb a tail twixt his legs, and eyes as big as riding lights, why then, yon ses, I wants to -retire There's® eight too muoh of what ain't natural in this wnyage. Don t -want do say nothen ogsinBl tho lady, but if Jos ain't telling Ilea when he eeys that ehe 8 'inore aenaible when ehe'H asleep th mi when ehe'® awake — reversing all the nat'ral laws as I'd acquainted with— then what I eaye is, "I'm not goln' to be surprised I! the Bohooner's look's gone ont of her and the worst ye oan ' 'ear a-tollowin' of ns in that steamer.' I tell yar,1 said Joe H ill, ' that the lady name np asleop. She stored at nothen past ms till I slipped t'othar side the, tiller in n flweal.ii! Then, .ghe sensibly talks ..to the -.parson and Mr. Stone at the lee-rail, points :and ohuoks her arms about, asleep all tbe time, and ' goes < below, missing nothing, flteppin' out as trje as a hair.' - There's nothing wonderfni in that,' said Archer, who had been listening quietly, < Providence looks after sleepwalkers. I've heard of women getting on to the tops of xoo fa of houses and strolling about on. ledges so tall and narrow that people watohing them have turned eiak.' ' Well, I only wish tbe lady wis more natural, more 'aording to regulations,' said the ooek, directing his pale face, full of uneasy workings, towards the steamer,. 1 never was shipmates wish. anyone as walked in his sleep afore, and though Providence, as Aroher says, may keep a heye on the move ments ol a party given to iuaenslbily hooting after the.manner of ghosts, my notion ia that the sperxlt what works in a party and faenables him or her to ooh worse oil the way , from here with a man suppoged to be in England, hat 'longside her all the time, oan't belong to the part people looks np to when they prays.' ' Why not?' demanded Aroher. .Wby.not?' eohoed the oook. 'Cause If it waii the sort o being a man has no ! call to.be alarmed at, is 'ad make a parly aot arter the manner the party waa intended to.' I agree with Mioky,' observed Goidemilb. 1 ' I recollect ol hearing a preacher ohap. at a ' Seihel say that when the ancient Jews saw a man noting unnatural they oalouiated tbe . devil bad atowed himself away inside of him. , How they got him ont ot Iho man I forgets ; ; -bat, anyhow, that notion of tho anoiont Jews — who weren't bloomin' foolB, neither, spite o' Bill grinnio' ' 1 ' I'm a-grinnin',' exclaimed Breeohee, because yo're a.makin' out that that notion yon've spoken about belonged to the Jbwb, 'Why, man, when I was a lad tbe idea was | common in the willsgo I was horn in. I've helped duok two old women myself 'osnse tbe belief was they ahoved evil spirits , . into folks, and prevented hens from laying eggs.' This observation lad to a lively argument between the oook, Breoahes, aud Goldsmith ; as io whether tbe belief that people who ' noted erratically, like alvepwakere, or demo- ' niaoally. like Breeabrs' two old women, were /t toseeseed ' by demons, originated with the \-- anoient Jews or with Bill's village ocntompo- !! varies. . Bnt the alow, though unmistakable, gaining of the. steamer npon the sohooner ; — r-— — y ,I,r>nrl ,»hi- n un lip— were more qualified to form opinions on than the, powers of evil spirits, aDd they were -soon engaged in alarming one another afresh . with ideas as to the pursuer's nationality, and argning npon what Hiram ought to do so as 'to keep the race going till nightfall, if the "Wind held. Meanwhile, Forteaoun stood olosa to Agatha, anxiously listening to Weeks and ! rStqne as one or the other of them spoke ' ! abent the pnranlt, whilst the girl seemed to heed nothing bnt the rnooing of the schooner ' .and the right of the Bess, whio > wonld oome .. rolling at one moment with their dazzling ' browe Bun-toaohcd by tho flying morning -splendour between the Bpeeding olonds, at .-'the next pouring in delioate olive green noder the eclipsing shadow of tho passing bodies of \- vapour, Sometimes in gknaing other and marking her rapt enj-iyioent of tbe windy, "Streaming piotnre, tbe ourato would fancy that there must be something more than the , mere relief the buoyant boandiags of tho vessel gave to the olouded mind, and to thai . physioal oppression iu the head aha spoks of ; -aomethlng more than this in her delight in tho' beautiful alternations of glory and shade, , of the sparkling blue kindled by the Bunlight, or Iho sombre tings that gloomed in oaeh swelling height with the varying of the loainary's beams. What bat the old instlnots, the old admiration that at Wyloo often sweetned her pensive gaze, when from wie sea -shore ehe watohod with him some lovely, some tempestuous, some solemn evening snmmer mood of tho deep, stirred in "ber,- how that- ehe had.before her the very "perfection of an ooaan pietnre io the flight of the.'ebbooner through the llqaid valleys and over the foaming hilts, with liberty like a . . goddess born ot and dominating the mighty . weltering amphitheatre, informing every floho . with a song of rare melody, till tbe \- .minstrelsy in tbe rigging and the thunderous eadenoe over the bows and the sharp, metallic, bell-like ringing notes of the sweeping foam oomblned tneir Bounds into tbe musio of an orahostra. to whose moieaies . the sohooner, and the surges, and the olonds, . and the recurrent dartrags of the high bud's ':beamakept time? But the pursuit 1 What did that atoamer . there signify ? She was yet hull-down, but wiih all her eanvas showing, settling away ' «n the leo quarter ; though uow when Hiram i „r0?8'1' bit eye from tho glass he informed Btona that she was heading exaotly their own ..tonrse doubt she ia after us?' said ' adoubi.Mc. Fortesoue.' ! ,' overtaking us ?' "sHnS pWn,.too, sir,' mac. eEr"8 ,honld P «> Eogliah- I AouWinTto hav.03 ?ht' M' Fort689n®- As I have tola ya rf jrth"0,t0 ,0 er" be too lata whjin iv.« « Q, aia 5 ' friend it'll flhsU we bring i) Aisoovored, Bill, bejog picked np, male 0,0'B 1 Wo " ' baV itnffriie 'fa iath,ker,' answered Stone, „. " 3I8,1?! f««h findln' ont if th' a point oloser thau t'other o»a. p»lf . s.-ll'S'ri dV" "'"i. stou'eali. Bill,' Burst out Hiram, and tn a moment old Stono was running forward aud sinolog out, Tho men, ronderod activo as oris by anxiety, in a Very lew minutes had hauled down the atnn'- gall, braoed the yards; shatp up, and Sweated,' as they sty at set,- 'every shoot to A paneake-qLatnass.iOf aanvas. 'Ths vessol ' ?; tept » raprfall, but the shift of helm bad brought the aoa well on tho bow, aod the pressuro aloft was exoaediogly heavy; ' for- tho Golden Hope, sweeping into tho breeze, put a true stormy spite iato its bard . pouring, and she drove along like a looo. motive, tbe eprey breaking iu snow storms ovsr her head, her lee-rail pretty flush with . eaolhar, there, her weather standing MjXtflDB 1'ko bars of .steal for the wind to ep.'.tt.on and rave through, .every foreground Wbor, canvas. fleshing with a starry light, \- aud melting into pallid dimness with ths reel . aud'etagger of the spate to the sun, and his 1 ' Published hy (pedal arrangement with the sulhor i '""i . dizz.ing leaping from' onelalond-edgq io another. Phew I 'twas" noble Bailing "he uigh: rathor of some heauiitul orostuto of tnetinol, maddened fay a far- off ' bellowing in bar. wake; then the mechanic movements of a pieoo i Of man's handiwork urged by the winds and guided by the helm. Tho crew' gathered aft far the "shelter o! the quatteir-daak from tha tempeBtuous rain- ingjof green water forward, and stood grouped near the main rigging, all Btaring, as with one patriot eyes, at ths etoamer. Hiram, kneeling on those legs of bis, whioh in' their trouaBra looked rather leas supple than n pair, of loogs, inspeoted cne stranger through the telcaaope. He watohed her for a long minute, the glass rising aod falling with his head to the plungo and dip of the sah'ooner. Then, tiBio aad oaeting his protrnding Byes in the most dismal msnuer first on Mr. Fortesoue, then on Stone, and finally ou the men, be said in a low, bat hollow, voioe : 'Lids, he's hauled bis wind I' 'Headia' up as we do I' shouted Breeohee, 1 Ay,' answered Hir«m, ' as we do.1 ' Then,' growled Goldsmith, with a note of desperation in his oesp-sea biss, .'it'e " h, s, dpuble-bull— halt.; u, p— hup"— hall hup, bulli-e. What's a goin' to withstand hongines io a weasel as oan sail ss olose as the ohaae?' Hiram took no notiae of this. 1 But, men,' uried out Mr. Fortesoue, ' after all, our ideas are purs imagination, so far. How do ws know bib's not an English man? Presuming her, to bo a foreigner, what right have we as yet to suppose that tho country ehe belongs to ia at war with ub v 'Ay, that's all very woll, Bir,' biwlod the oook ; ' but what'd Captain Wosks running away for, then ?' ' Baoauso,' roared Hiram, , ' it's ona of them businesses whloh, to mske sure of, allows 'em abiefly to .mako, sure of you, What's ehe a-qbsBiqg of ua.'for ? D'ye think ahe'd ehlfp Her .course' if she Only waDlod to speak — if' there was nothen partioular ? She's a. man. of war, and what's her purpose in . those here waters ? < Why, yes,' he shouted soornfully, 'she may be a uuuuiryniuu, auu enu aisyui hiibiukuu us our dodgin' ber. But d'ye wiBh me to heavo to and find out, when by gettiu' away we shall be dropping all tbe.riBka I've told yor about?' . ' But we aren't goin' to got away, 1', cried Breoohea. ' Why, ebe'a swellin' up . down thsra like a sailor's . weskit in a publioj. home.' . ' She's got -a colour flying,' said Stone, who had been silently working away with the glass. ; 'Ha.!' exolaimed Hiram, -wheeling round. ' At tbe fora royal mast bead,' continued tha mats. He, looked a little while longer. ' I dnnno,' he.orled, ' my. sight ain't what it . was ; but— but jt if. ain't bine and white and red, you may bile me !' ho roared out, 'if it's yalior or blaok or green !' Hiram looked - on dully an instant or two, staring at Stone. 'By tbandor I' ho muttered, then snatohed at the glass and levelled it. ' French I' he yelled. ' Who's got eyes here ?' Tbe men aame in a. rash all around him. Hiram gave Ihe'telesaope to Areher, who, after a short Inspeotion, said, ' Yes, eir, tho tricolour. A small Frenoh screw mac-of- war.' . I Others of tbo .men. looked — Brooches,! Soldemitb, Duok ; they were nil agreed, The flag in the glass blew out its tints brilliant to the son, and the vesBel herself, bar hail now and again showing betwixt a : isa, blaok, 'and glosBy ' as 'the plumes of a i crow, was hpadiug up to it like the eehooner i herself, and gaining eteadily with overy flvo I minutea that went by. < Hiram, folding his aruiB, took a long look ' at tbe stranger, and thon a long look at the < men. He was lost in thought, then awoke - to esrneetly Inspect his eanvaB and judge hie - speed by watohing tha passage of the white water, 'Bill,' he said, addressing Stone in a voioe to be heard by all hands, ' she's oatahiug us ap, bat we'll keep oh 'this ratah aad hold on all, for we're not to know ebe wants us to stop, and something might happen to her bengines, or "she might oarry away a meet — and'Siiy wayF'We'H hold all !'. Stone nodded. But/whether there's, war, or not/jaon tinned Hiram,!tnakirig hlaisyesjrneei with 'a einguiar look inTMr, inirfesoae a fade, ""that's" no oall for ns, wbsther wo're overhauled or whether we suoosed iu gettin' away, to be ashamed of the aolours we sail under. So, Bill, out with the hensigo and run him np.' This was done, and, as old fltone hauled the glorious bit ot bunting, streaming like a flame ae it soared rattling in a graceful aarve to the halliard ' blaok at the peak, one eaw the English spirit, aoting like the toaah ot nature that makes the whole world kin, in every man's fees as the whole mob of them fallowed with their gszi the flight of the meteor flag to its destination at tbo lofty gaff. end. Suddenly Agatha, who had hson watohing the hoisting of the ensign with an interest that did not e«aapo her lover, said to him in a low voioe, 1 May I speak to Aroher, Mr. Forteeoue?' 1 will aall him, my darling.' The man approached with a., respectful salute. Bhe merely wished to ask him how be was — to tell him the delight the swift sailing ot the eehooner filled her with ; and with a smile of moving pathos, in Fortssons's sight, to deaLre she was happier here than on tho island. ' I do not miBB it ; do you, Arobor ?' ' No, miss.' 1 Sometimes I have wished the little house yon built me was here. The trem bling of the iesvea made the ground oool and pretty, Bnt I: like my oabln down- ttalrs, and my alothee,' looking at herself with an added touoh of bolour, and emiliug aB though she felt her simplicity and sought an exeuso for It, not knowing how to oxpross her happiness save by indicating ths things whioh gave her pleasure ; ' and Mr. For tesoue is eo hind to me— as you were, Aroher ; but — buL — e struggled with a candour one east hmw astinot wire for e'lenoing, and gbrup'tlrpausing she looked half shyly, halt anxiously at ho. plover. ' We're both in goo'd bands, miss, and 'tis glorions to feel were going home,' said Aroher, and again knuckling his forohead he stepped over to where the other men were grouped. _.t ' They've hauled down the flag at the mainmast,' shouted Stone, with his at the glass. 1 Hillo 1 One— tow-)h?e'o — four —Ave flags ; they're a eigaalisicfg of us ; and — hillo 1' he bawled agaioj < they're a- firing !' The small white ball o£ asgbko, that as it leapt from 'some bow, guuFor other'of the steamer was blown Jhy (ho wind into a stretoh of veil-lijce vapoyr, shot with\tbe lustre, was InriTantly sev, and ell hands stared for the gfiissiln. -«L > 'Well, I'm doodled 1' b, old Breoohop" T» a/8.r0? i,or 1 b'P»8' »in' if it don't stonily w ")(Bn, Ba, m an may ohuok old Bit' overbon , "a I'taB.' I ' Anybody see where tuu,'--J|(ic.<no!i ?' shouted Hiram, in a' quite state of. exci torn ont There was sesB'sr, ' Anybody hear the explosion ?? ' Oi did.' eried Johnny, with his "Vhite laoe oonsplouoo among the men. ' j Paroa' "iP'0.' said Aroher, stepping '«08,ha. as Mr. Stone says, she', fired he? 'ilf'ollttontton 'to'h i ti? 'eQoest to as to heave Io.' fi.os ' S 080 I? b" hotherin' with Inmnin! OT.®' w 1,0,0 Bffitatioh kept him jumping and hopping about a thoush hie nervous system, had bsea suddeSly ' and violently smitten, 1 cause we've got no hook on board and shan't ba afai. r, 5 nothen but beuBigas. A? to her meaning"; her gun to ask ue to heavo to, why, If IofuiS believe I t wasn't shotted -end that she only S?fat0haJ 'PMk andhQ" he etopped wlfcb hia eyaa on Fortetouo. - Tbore oan bo no doubt, I suppose, ' said tho clergyman, 'that she is Frenoh?' 'I don't know, sir,', answered Hiram, She may ba a Roosun I tell yer hoisting aolours in war times Is mere oheatlnV ' Anyway,' pursued the clorgymaff, 1 she's gaining on as?' ' Hsqd over,flil,'- answered Stone. . Theni qra profilers, I've heard, often iio beri when the wlnd'e beading, by thogrlpthsy get' of the water,' . ... ' She's oartain to overtake us, then?1 ' " ' Stone shrugged his shoulders, Hiram taraid to ook at tbe ate&tnir;, tho moo glanoed over the sides i or dp; aloft, Tne siienos wavgeaeral and mightily expressive. I thinki wa ought -to heave- to,' said Fortsseue, mildly. V : 'The eoh >oner's yours. Bit; you're my : master; whatever, orders you give'lt be; obeyed,' exolaimed Hiram, rounding rapidly on his long legs and speaking with an eager ness, nn anxio'.y, that made you see he wauled to be quit of hia responsibility, 'What do you say, men?' oxolaimed For-! teaaue, addrasuag them. - ' You see how the, osse stands. Our fears may prove imaginary; but io any oase she is oertaiu to ouirua us ; and supposing it conoeivablo she ahould be an enemy, we are nnt going to impro'o our reoeption at her handB by along and'irrilut- ing ohase.' ' 'That seems right enough, sir,' said Stone. ' If she's bound to overhaul us, ' growled Breeohee, ' why then ebe must.' Why, yes, ol oouree, it she dew, she dew,' aried Goldsmith; bat somothin' may happen, an' I m tor keepln' all on au'.wo're a vein'. Time anonoh tn heave to. aavs T. when she regular proper fires at us.' ' There goes a seoond gun, anyhow,' ob served Areher, It would have made a monkey langh to see the! fellows staring np at the sails and at the sea to observe where and what the ball was going to strike, 'I. tell ye what It is, lads,' said James Kiti, throwing a savage, fighting look along she sohooeer's -unarmed deok, 'for an Englishman to be aimed at by a: Farley Voo without his having ao mnah as a squib Io re- tarn the complimont with is a dispensation as don't sail my boek for one. An' tunning away from that three. coloured rag's as little to my taste, too. - If it was me, I'd down helium and ahanos th' odds.' '..Well, Ikn agreeable,' said Breeches, '''Nothen else to be done, as I oan see,' ex olaimed Sawyer. I 'AU right, down helium, then !' oried Dnok. 'It's yonr wish, sir?' saidHiram, - wnat anoiae nave we t answerea ine clergyman, not without anxiety in his voioe, ub he looked at ths steamer. In tor'gan'si 1' bawled Hiram. 'Baok the torps'l I Down BiayaaU and flying jib ! Up main taok 1 She's been sweated enough,' ' , The mob sprang abont, those who would have'remonstrated. smothering up their .ob- jcotiona, and - presently the eobooeer wbb lying without headway upon ber, bowing ;he long, steady, rolling sea with a regular rbythmioal swing of stem and stern, every thing qaiet alofi, and )the orew- looking over the lee-rail at the steamer that, seeing the aotion ol the sohooner, . had iredueed aanvas down, to bare polos. and was beading for the woather.quartor of the Golden Hope, flinging the billows aft In Bpray. oyer her as her eorew drove her. headlong through tbem. ! About a . quarter of .an hour after the eehooner had been hove to, .the sadden drop- pingB ot the wind was like tho weather's con firmation of the wisdom of Hiram in bring ing his vessel to a stand. It was. pertain it rendered ths men mora satisfied ,witb what had been done.unoro particularly .whoa tbey notioed as the steamer grew npon tho sea, the superb Btatelincsa of her hull, ber dominant ehearing. of tho lessening surge riaing white to eaoh oat-hosd, the rake of spar . whose suggpstion of speed was saoentnaled by the swift pouring of smoke from the leaning funnel, and the inimitable animation of .the naked fabrlo as expressed in the palsation of biuiBh light in her wet sides her. shining leaps from brow to brow with the tsioolonr streaming at the gaff end, where it might now plainly bo seen ; and as old Btone oonld mark ere. long through the glass;, the glittering ot uniforms . on tbe bridge; „ ..... . .The breeze had settled, south-east again, with something, ot the steadiness of the trade wind in it, when the Frenohman, as the steamer was now by alt hands , agreed to be, was abont ball -a, mile distant. Her ap proach was .watohed with an anxiety that became a kind of fever in the more nervous 1 Hiram stood with one hand gripping the other bloodleBs,. Btone wiih folded arms, Bresahes sour,-, but with the English sailor's doggedneaa In his faoe, .Goldsmith with , that antiaipative leer jrhiob', n. :a;prophetlo ox- prcBslou, is: good forwhatever may "happen ; and so .on,. ; Mr. Fortesans, holding Agatha's hand, thought to himself,' ' Suppose Hiram iB right — that there is was between Eogland andFranoeand we are taken prisoners !' and you oould-have guessed what was passing in his mind by the faoe he wonld turn from the steamer to his love. On the other hand, the girl asked no ques tions, It seemed to bim as if her imperfeot grasp of what was happening restrained her from interrogating him by tho sensitiveness that springs from one's knowledge ot one's ignorance. He wonld eee her straining ber eyes at the ooming vessel, then glanolng from his to the faoes of the men, with a con traction as of earnest thought in her fair brow, followed by a side peep of wistfulness al mm. wmoh, wuenevsr sue oaugut mm notice it, she'd endeavour, in a manner most affecting to him, io charge with a meaning he knew it did not possess by uttering some oommnnplaoe at to tbo failure of the wind, the deaahesB of the blue witer brimming feainless past the bends ot ths stationary sohooner, and the like. Tha steamer ranged alongside la windward within easy speaking distance. Her engines stopped, ehe aame to a halt, and lay rolling npon the sea, showing a broad white deok with every leeward heave, a few osrronades, a long gun in the bows, and whole masses of seamen, whose postures, motions, figures, dress, would have bespoken her origin and oharaoter Ihongh ebe bad oome along with the red cross at ail throe mastheads aud the most familiar ship's name in the English tongne writ large on eaoh bow. ' 0, ze eahoonalre eh-hy !' shouted a man, twinkling in buttons, from the bridge, ' Hriio I' roared Hiram, Vera yon boon' ?' . Hingland 1' shrieked Hiram. 'Vo vool send a boatl' bawled tho little abap ' What for, sir?' oried Hiram, 'Vi t'ave/i leetel babee here, an' ve ssk yoir toX-h'' am.' / Hirad > vq'aed at Mr. Fortesons with a face from wind) alt human expression appsared to havdj/iuished— answering purely to Jaok's illnstrr win, ' As long as a wet ewab ! iW I'm jiggered t' he rapped onl, brin IWi- bis open hand smartly agsinel bis log ;.£'to think we orew of Englishmen aonld ha' been running away all mornin' from— from a little baby T (to > c0st1n0s0,) 