To the Editor. We clip tlie following from the Daily Tcleyraph of Monday loth October : — Sir, — In regard to certain statements for warded by your correspondent at Melbourne and published in your Saturday's issue, I must ask you to allow mo to say I was in no sense . responsible for the delay in the payment of Wats in's account rendered lo New South Wales Commission for haulage of goods, Ac. The amount that was considered just was duly paid to Watson, but disputed items were remitted to 111c from time to time, and by myself to the commission in Sydney for investigation and report. I could not conscientiously authorise the payment of the balance, and the matter is still under con sideration. I may state that I am supported in my course of action by a leading official of the Melbourne Commission, who thoroughly understands tlie whole matter. As regards Contractor Kibble's claim, very little explanation is necessary. Before I consented to arbitrate the disputed account insisted on the absolute withdrawal of the two writs issued against me at the instance of Mr. Hibble, not that I had the least apprehension as to the result of either, but in order to save time and not to delay tlie officers I had taken down from Sydney to tlie senior architect and liis 'officers in Mel bourne in the investigation of the disputed account. This was readily assented to, and the ' writs for alleged libel and disputed accounts were afterwards unconditionally withdrawn and the actions abandoned, as you will see by the following letter : — Melbourne, October 12, 188S. 44 R. Enrdett Smith, Esq. M.P. 44 Dear Sir, — Wo have much pleasure in informing you that our client Mr. Hibble, has instructed us to withdraw all legal proceed ings against you, which are therefore at an end. Yours faithfully, Gauxsox & Wallace." I11 conclusion no payment of £50 was made with or without prejudice, and 110 right what ever was reserved to Mr. Hibble to proceed with the alleged libel case ; but the matter was amicably settled in Melbourne before I left for Sydney. No promise was made, as slated by your correspondent, that 44 the monetary squabbles" should be settled with in seven or any number of days. As it is probable I shall visit Melbourne within a fortnight, I anticipate that tlie senior architect of Melbourne and his officers will have finished their investigation, and then I hope tlie vexed question will be finally settled. It is hardly necessary to state that my action throughout has been solely actuated by a desire to guard the public in" terests-of tlie colony which I have the honour to represent in Melbourne. — Yours, etc., R. BURDETT SMITH. Sydney, October 18. What most people will find in their Christmas stockings — corns. English girls arc said to laugh at the idea of wearing stays when playing tennis. The Premier, speaking at tlie University, said that the lady graduates could be courted in Latin. Tlie Wollongong banquet chairman called on 44 Mr. Archibald Campbell, Esq.," to pro pose the toast of Lord Carriuglon. 44 J-lo's 110 bettor, doctor. You told mo to give liim as much of tlie powder as would lay 011 a sixpence. I hadn't a sixpence, bul I give him as much as would lay 011 livo pennies two halfpennies, and it's done hint 110 good at all." Bishop Moore, of llallaval,, had an audience of the Pope prior to his departure for his Diocese. His I lordship's passage was hooked in the Orient liner Ormuz, which sailed from Plymouth on September 29 anil Naples eight, days later. Ilo will bring with liim and os- fablish in Ballarat some nuns of tho order of tlio sisters of Nazarolli and sonio Fathers of the Congregation of the Holy Ghost. Inall, tho additions to tho working staff in tho Diocese will number -.15. 