LI&E; AND TOLIKE. BrMLE. BRADDON, Author of 'Lady Aadley's Secret,' 'Wyl- ' lard's Weird,' &a;, fee, {Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved] Chapier XX XIX.— A Decided Case of Dby Rot— (baidmned.)' Talentine was .ratting ^ia a Glastonbary chair in front ^of the wide- fireplace, the Irargundy decanter -before him, almost «mpity. The lamps over the billiard table were unlighted and the spacions^-coom -was half In shadow. The firelight ' - flickered on guns and swords in the recess at the furflier end, and there was a circle of soft light round the spot where Valen tine sat, from the shaded colza lamp on the small Sutherland table. 'A good run, Vail' asked Adrian, sealing himself opposite his brother. 'Pretty good.' 'Yon must have killed uncommonly late.w ? ««W©^MHed at sunset, on Plimpsfced JRSclge,*-. ; - 4'lBut that mieans 5 o'clock, and a itoee-qnairterB of an hour's ride home. 'Where have you Tjeen. since 2' 'I don't know.' ' Valentine. 1' . '!. « Don't stare at me, man ! I tell yon I don't know. I have been riding about Bomewhere^-loBing myself on tne moor, if you like. Great God I 111 could only lose myself altogether— ride away into some enchanted valley and go to sleep there for ?ever!* . It was almost the first time he had spoken openly of his despair. From the hour of the crime until now there had been no confidence between the brothers. They had lived together, had talked of the daily business of life ;. but there had . been an impassable gulf betwixt the past and the present. By mutual consent they had been dumb. 'But to-night Valentine was utterly worn out in -mind and body, fagged, helpless, nervous. That powerful frame and strong self* reliant temper had been broken by the slbw agonies of remorse. Brutal as / the man's nature, might be conscience was not dead in him. It had awakened in the hour when he found himself alone after his crime— face to face with tie memory of a murder. . It had never slept since. *' Valentine,' began Adrian earnestly, *' yon are leading a miserabie life. Things cannot go on like this.' **You mean that I had better do as your criminal of the lower classes some titties does under such circumstances — give myself up — walk into Freemantle's study to-mbrtow morning and tell htm that I killed my wife. Is that what you ; mean?' 'Wo. It js too late for tihat course. 'What I meanis that you must leave the . scene of your-— -misadventure. You have lingered 'here' too long. You must go'a\fay— ^to another continent — Africa, Australia, wherever you can find the re . sources which will give you most relief of mind.*' The past is past, Val. There is no help for that. Let it be past. You have suffered for your sin of a moment in \- all the long months that have gone by since that fatal night. You will saffar more or less to the end.' ' More or Less, no doubt. I have the privilege of an excellent memory,' answered Valentine, with quivering lips, staling gloomily at the fire, the incarna tion of tlespair. *? Tonr self- torture can do no good to you or to anyone else. Far away, in the wild free life which suits your tempera ment, you Will at least suffer less. Any thing would be better than the stagnation of your existence here.' ' You are right. Anything would be better— but I think the best would be death.' 'Don't say that, Val. Men have out lived worse sorrows than yours.' 'Men are made of very hard wood, and I nattered myself — till last summer — that I was teak or iron- wood ; but the dry zot of remorse has got into me all the same. I am worm- eaten to the very core. Tee, I think you are right, Adrian. I must get awsy from, this place, if I don't want to become a howling lunatic. I * have stayed here in a kind of gloomy despair, thinking that I could hardly be more miserable here than anywhere else ; but you are right. I have stayed too Idng, I will stay no longer. Here I am a cause of .misery to others as well as to myeelf. In the desert— or the bush — I shall be iny own man again. There will be no need lor hypocrisy. I could lie On th'e ground face' downwarder and groan alotfd without anybody catling me to ?ccourit' ' Tour mind will clear and lighten face to face witfi unsophisticated nature, Val,' eaid Adrian, who throughout this conver IBation had spoken with ineffable tender .. j jiess. ' Yon will begin a new life. Even ine memory of your sorrow will be -? «6ffcened in ttatiar off atmosphere. You wUl look bac1^ upop your old Belf gently, as we lei^ember Vhe dead. You will have opportunities of helping other3 — of doing brave and generous deeds. You will be j born a^ain, a better and a wiser man. j My brother — my beloved brotherj the j second half of myself, 1 have infinite faith | *ai you yet.' He laid his hand caressingly j upon his brother's shoulder. He felt as * if a great burden was lifted off his hearb : by this conversation of to-night. For the j fiiBt time since the catastrophe that had j wrecked both their lives the brothers had spoken tcgether freely. It was like a re newal of brotherly love. ' My dear Adrian, you are a great deal too good to me,' said. Valentine, and this from him was much. 'You muss go away, 'Val ; but yoa nsust do nothing hurriedly. Mrs. Free mantle was talking about; you to my mother this afteraoon, saying that you looked ill and mopish, and needed change. My mother admitted the fact, and it was agreed that you should be persuaded to travel. You departure will therefore seem perfectly natural to all this little world of Chadford. There will be no apptarance of flight. All you have to think of, therefore, is the place to which jou would like to go — ail you have to do is to follow 'the bent of your own inclina tion.' ' I will go to Africa. There is better sport there than in Australia, and a freer life. ' If you decide upon Africa, Melnotte may be of use to you.' *'I don't like Melnotte, and I don't believe in his African experiences. I stroDgly suspect that the man ia an im poBtor. He is too glib.' ' But his stories of adventure have a vivid air, as if he bad lived among the scenes and people he describes.' ' The fellow is a good actor, that is all. Some rowdy adventurer whom the colonel has picked up in a gambling den. ? Mel notte may have been to the C*pe, perhaps. His experiences in the interior I rank as sheer fiction.' This idea agreed curiously with Adrian's own vague suspicions as to Mr. Melnobte's truthfulness. Those African stories of his were rather too good and too picturesque to have happened to one traveller. The average man's experiences are dull enough. They ring the changes upon famine, fever, and sport. But Melnotte seemed to have passed from hairbreadth escape to ro mantic situation, from dramatic encounter to picturesque rescue with an electrical brilliancy. He had slain his lions by the horde, and shot his gemsbockB in heca tombs. There was exaggeration, no doubt; but whether the man were an actual impostor remained to be. proved. ' I don't want anybody's advice,' said Valentine decisively, 'if I can once brace myself up to leave this place I shall go to London, get the kind of outfit I think necessary, and then sail for the Gape. Once there I can pick up all the informa tion I want about the interior, and I shall plan my route from there.' *' When will you start ?' 'I shall go to London by an early train to-morrow — and to the Cape by the first good steamer that can carry me there.' ?* To-morrow ? That's soon.' 'Why should I delay?. I have been staying here face to face with a spectre — like a man in a nightmare dream, who faces some great horror and cannot move hand or foot. The sooner I go the better.' ' Let me go to London with you, Val. I should like to see yon off.' ' No, no. I am not fit company for my fellow men yet awhile. Perhaps after ten years in Africa I may be better. Let me suffer my purgation, Adrian. Let me wrestle with the memory of sin, as Jacob wrestled with the angel — and then per haps—some day — ' with a stifled sob, ' I shall be better worthy of your unselfish love— and of my mother.' ' God help you to pardon and forget fulnesB, Val. But let me go to London with you. ' ' No, I want to be alone there. I have something to do. 1 will wire to you be fore I sail, and then, if there were time, and jou would like to come and shake hands at parting ? ' i ' Be sure I will come if you give ; me the chance. Jt will comfort the mother to hear of you at the last moment of leaving. She would like to be there heraeif, dear soul, if you would let her.' ' Dear soul, poor soul,' murmured Valentine, with a remorseful tenderness which was strange to his rough nature, ' She has given me honey, and I have given her gall. I have been a fountain of bitterness to you both. Bat it is past. Ton are strong in love and in mercy. ' Good-night, and good-bye till I sail. I shall be off early to-morrow morning. ** But you will bid your mother good bye.' 'Must I? That will be hard. I should like to slip away without any leave-taking. I would write to her from London.' ' She would be heartbroken if you left her like that.' ' Perhaps you are right. It is the weakness of her character to be fond of me. I'll see her in the morning before I start. She will be happier when I am gone — safe and happy — with you. You ought to marry, Adrian. Yod owe as much to my mother as well as to yourself. There is Lucy Freemantle. who has been in love with you for the last five years.' ''Valentine !' ' It's a true bill. I've seen the grow ing passion from the time she left off short frocks and long hair. You have been her ideal from the day she left the nursery — perhaps before. I ^daresay she I was often thinking of you over Pinnock or Llngard. Marry her, Adrian. She has not one of the attributes' of the typical girl, and will make you a traeand honeBt wife.' ' I will wait till my time comes, Val,' answered Adrian, with a sad smiie. ' It has not come yet.' Lady Belfield was always an early riser. She was in her garden next morning look ing at the first clusters of snowdrops, white against the whiteness of the hoar frost, when Valentine joined her, clad for a journey, in fur-lined overcoat and deer stalker cap. ' Mother,' he began abruptly, ' Adrian and I had along brotherly talk last night, and he advised me to try change of scene ae a cure for bitter memories. I am going abroad for a spell.' 'Yes, dear. Yes, it will be a good thing, I am sure,' answered his mother, paling suddenly at the mere thought of a possible parting, ' but you will not ba going just yet. You will take time to think about it.' ' I am going at once. You know I was never given to irresolution. I have done most things, for good or evil, on the apar of the moment. lam off by the 8.35. My portmanteaux have gone down to the stable yard. I shall stay a day or two in town, and then sail for the Cape.' 'For the Cape ! That is so far, Val. Why not go to Italy or .Spain ?' 'Tame, hackneyed, intolerable. The holiday ground of self - opinionated Yankees and personally-conducted cock neys. No, if change of scene is to do me any good, if I am to get out of myself, I must get face to face with nature. Africa Is the place for me. Don't be afraid, dear mother. The Dark Continent is as safe a solitnde as Herne Bay.' ' And you are going — this morning ?' 'At once. The dogcart is waiting for me. Good-bye.' He clasped his mother in his arms, kissed her as he had not kissed her for years — hardly since he was a schoolboy. His own eyes were not innocent of tears ae he roshed- a wayr leaving her to sob out her sorrow in the quiet shrubbery walk which het footsteps had so of ten trodden. JNever had she felt more desolate than ia this parting with the wayward and be loved eon, and yet Bhe told herself that it wan well he were gone. Anything must be better than to Bee him as. he had been since last August The South- Western Railway conveyed Mr. Belfield to Exeter, but in the junction Btation there he had a choice ot trains, acd the Great Western suited him. best on this occasion. He crossed from one plat form to the other, took his ticket for Pad dington, and came out upon the depart ire platform of the Great Wosteru, under the big clock. The platform was not so crowded as upual. and the train was noc due for five minutes. As he walked slowly towards the end of the station V.-dentine passed a man wlioee face flashed up -n hisn with a sudden sickening i'f the heart and weaken ing of the limbs, like the sight of a gho3t in high noon. The -wintry sun shone upon those pale and high- bred features. He saw the face looking at him, half in hatred, half in scorn, and he could not give back scorn, for scorn, hate for hate. He who had never feared his fellow men sickened at the sight of this man, and pasBtd on with quickened step, and eyes looking steadily iorward, pretending not to see chat familiar face, the face of the man who had stolen his -wife's heart. St. Austell stopped and looked baok at him.-' *' As I am alive, that was the face of a felon,' he said to himself, 'and the mystery of Helen's fateia darker than any of us dream of. That man dared not meet my eye— although it was his place to hector and mine to quail. There was guilt in that look.' He was on his way westward. Since that meeting at the Badminton he had been much disturbed in his mind about his lest love. Fickle as the previous ex perience of his life had proved him, he had not yet forgotten Helen. The year which Mrs. Baddeley had allowed for the duration of his pasBion was not yet ended, and it may be that the disappointment and mischance which had attended this par ticular intrigue had intensified his feel iDgs. He would have forfeited ten years of bis life to have found Helen and won her for his own, but there was that in her husband's countenance which chilled his soul. He had half a mind to follow Valen tine Belfield and tax him then and there with foul play. He had no evidence except the mysterious circumstances of the wife's disappearance and that guilty look in the husband's face, but the two together brought conviction to St. AustelTs mind. Chapter XL. — The FoEiiOiuT Hope. Valentine Belfield walked to the furthest end of the platform and stood there, cold and sick, like a man in an ague fit, till his train came in from Ply mouth, and then he had to ran after the train as it steamed into the station and scramble into a first-class compartment, panting and breathless, and white to the lips. 'Yon oughtn't to run things so close as that, Bir, you don't look the kind of man who can stand it,' said an elderly parson, one of those amiable busy-bodies who are always interested in other people's affaire. Valentine scowled at him by way of answer, as he threw his deer-stalker into the rack, and mopped his forehead and hair, damp with icy sweat. 'A churlish personage,' thought the w*6t country rector, 'something wrong with the heart, and a very irritable temper ;' and the good man tried to ia terest hLnself in his newspaper, glancing over the top of it every now and then to eee if there were any hope of conversa tion. Valentine put on his cap again, pulled it over hie forehead, and coiled himself in a corner of the carriage in an attitude that meant total isolation. He was trying to recover bis nerve after that sudden appa rition of St. Austell. 'By ? , I was afraid of the man,' he eaid to himself. ' For the first time in my life I have known what it is to fear the face of a man. If a brace of con stables came to arrest me, warrant and handcuffs complete. 1 wouldn't flinch ; but his face unnerved me. He loved her. He would ask me, ' What have you done with your wife? 'What have you done 'with that frail, false, lovely girl whose heart was mine ?' Yes, his, his — not mine. It was hie love I murdered. It is to him I am answerable. It was his life X spoiled. She had ceased to belong to me — she was openly, avowedly his. And I quailed be fore him, turned sick with fear at sight of die villain who wronged me.' For an hour and more he sat in his corner, living over that brief moment of meeting — seeing that passing vision of a malignant face, telling himself again and again in bitterest mockery that it was St. Austell who had lost by that fatal blow. At laet, and with a tremendous effort, he dismissed this dark train of thoughts, and his mind recurred to one of the objects of his journey to London. Ever since that last meeting with Madge Parley the girl and her mission had been prefect to his mind. Passion was dead in him, buried under, the crushing weight of a great remorse, numbed and frozen as the senses are in a nightmare. There was no rekindling of an old flame ; but in the ashes of his dead love for that strange girl there was a faint glow, a little spot of warmth remaining where all else had grown cold. He yearned for her presence, for the sound of her voice, for the touch of her hand. He felt that if there could be comfort or hope for him any where upon this earth it would be with her. He felt that if there were anyone .to whom he could confess his crime, it was Madge Darley, and not a priest. ? ' The Forlorn Hope,' he repeated to himself as he Bat in his corner looking out at the landscape ; every field, and copse, and hill, and curving stream, familiar to Mm from his boyhood; beheld again and again at all seasons, sometimes in listless vacuity, sometimes in impatience. At last the train steamed into Padding ton station en the edge of dusk. The sunset glowed darkly red athwart the London fog, as the train passed Harrow and Hanweil. The great vaulted roof of the terminus looked ghastly and sepulchral in the chilly light of electric lamps. Valentine told a porter to take hia pori manteau to the Great Western Hotel, and then left the station on foot. He was going to Lisson Grove to look for the refuge founded by Madge Darley. The long thoroughfare of the grove was light with lamplit shops and fall of traffic. Valentine enquired in one of the shops, and was dirgatcA -w *M*ao^tEeei^_ a dismal- looking street of shabby dilapi dated houses, which might have had some pretensions to respectability some half a century ago, but which had fallen to about the lowest etage ia the history of bricks and mortar. They were houses of considerable size, however, and offered accommodation to a considerable popula tion, as appeared by the various lighted windows, suggesting maty domiciles under one roof. Across the front of one of these houses, of a somewhat better aspect than its neighbors, appeared a long black board, on which the words, 'The Forlorn Hope,' were painted Sn large white letters, Ia front of the fanlight there was a lamp with the words, 'Refuge for Women and GuJs,' in black letters on the glass. There was no possible mistake as to the motfre and character of this institution. The door swung open at Valentine's touch, and as he crossed the threshold, a woman in a black gown and white tap came out of the parlor next the eteet and met him in the passage. It was Madge Darley. The shepherdess was always ready to receive the lost sheep. The fold was humble and unattractive, bat it meant what it offered — shelter. She started at sight of a tall man h a fur- bordered coat. Started again on re cognising Valentine. ' Air. Belfield !' she exclaimed. ' Yee. I told you 1 should come toyon some day, Madge, and you promised not 1 to shut your door in my face.' j 'I am not likely to do that, but I don't ; think you will want to stay very long in this house.' | I She led the way into the parlor, a plainly furnished room, lighted by a cheap paraffin lamp tnider a greea shade. : I A tall press made of pitch pine occupied I either side of the fireplace. The table i was of varnished deal, the walls ware i ?whitewashed, the floor was uncarpeted, j and halt-ad. -zen rush-bottomed chairs ! completed the furniture cf tha room ; bud | all was scrupulously neat and clean. A i fire hurued cheerily In the shining grate, ( and an open-work brass fender made one point of brightness in the picture. A large iron kettle vras singing on the old fashioned hob. ' Pray eit down,' said Madge pointing to a chair opposite her own. ' You have an idle hour to spare, I suppose, and you have come to eee our refuge — to find ont for joureelf whether we are doing good work — in order that you may help us.' Eht spoke gravfeiy, faltering a little, more deeply moved by his presence in that place tban ehe would have cared to own to httiielf The lesson of her life for nearlj four years had been the lesson of forgetfulnees ; but it was not yet learned. His voice, his face, had still the power to awaken a strange unreasoning gladness, to give life a new color. ' No, Madge ; I have come on no such philanthropic errand. I confess to caring very little whether your work of mercy thrives or fails. I am here from pure selfishness. I am eaten up by my own cares ; my own burden is too heavy for me, and of late, night and day, I am de voured by one thought, one hope ? ' He stopped suddenly, looking at her with eyes that shone feverishly bright in his pale and haggard face, with one strong hand clenched upon the table between them. 'The Forlorn Hope, Madge,' he said in a lotf- voice, after a few moments silence ? ' the hope that you will pity me when no one eke in this world, except my brother, can pity me, knowing all. Yes, that you, knowing my sin, might still pity me- might still love me.' He flung himself on his knees at her feet. He seized her hand and covered it with kisses, despairing kisses, which moved her more than his wildest passion cf days gone by had ever moved her, fondly as she had loved the tempter. She snatched her hand from him indig r.antlj-. looking at him in angry surprise. ' I* thought you knew me better than to talk to me in the old strain,' she said. ' I thought I had shown you that I atn not the kind of woman to be tempted by a fine gentleman lover — to be tempted now, after I have given my life to the saving of weaker women. Do you think that I am likely to forget that yoa are anothtr woman's husband, and that when you were a free man you refused to marry me?' 'I wan a fool, Madge, a proud, self opinionated idiot. I did not know that you were the one woman upon this earth who could have made my life happy— who might have influenced me for good. 1 was hemmed in and bound round by petty prejudices, by bigoted belief in birth and position. What are birth and position when weighed against the nobility of Euch a nature as yours ? I saw in you only a beautiful peasant, whom it was my business, as a gentleman, to seduce. And when I saw tbat your resistance was real and earnest I lost my temper, and fancied myself in love with another woman. It was pique that made me Helen Deverill's Sever.' EE^shuddered as he pronounced his wife'snsme. ' That isTBii past and done with,' said Madge gravely. 'lam very Borry that your Hiarriage ended unhappily ; bsit there is a long life before you yet, I hope, and there must be something for you to do in it. And now I must see after my patients. It is tea time. Shall I make yoa a cup of tea ?' She Trent to one of the presses, oponed it, andr began to take out cups and saucers, and little crockery teapots, and trajs, and plates. Everything was of the cheapest, but the things had been chosen for their prettinesB, and the little trays had a neat and dainty look as those active hands arranged them, each with its spot less linen d'oyley. ' Yes, please. I should relish a cup of water from your hand. And my mouth is parched and full of dust after my journey. Think of me as the worst of your patients. Have you many in the house ?' ? *' Every bed is fall except one. There is a girl of 19 in the next room dying. If you could hear her etory you would know what misery means.' She was moving to and fro between the ~ press and' the fireplace, filling her little teapots from the big iron kettle as she talked to him. ' I need not wait for that, I know the meaning of misery.' ' ' Ah, but not of such misery as she has suffered, a girlhood that has been one long degradation. Think of what it was for that girl to awaken to the first con ecioueness of life in the midst of such foul surroundings aa decent lips dare not name ; to have been eo reared as not to know the meaning of sin till she was steeped in it, blackened by it, dying of it. That is her history.' 'She is what you call an interesting case, I suppose.' 'She is one among many. Old and young come here every day pleading for a corner to die in. That is about all we can give yet awhile.' ' You have done a good deal, I think, in establishing such a ref age.' ' People are so kind. The poor have helped me as much as the rich. Those who have had no money to give have brought me little presents out of their household goods at a sacrifice. This iron kettle was brought by a widow who goes out daring. It was a legacy from a butcher's wife whom she had served for years. ' It is too good for me, sister,' she said. ' Axy little tin tea kettle will do to make my cup of tea.1 She kissed the kettle before she handed it to me, for love of her dead mistress.' She eet one of the tea trays before him, with a little plate of bread and butter, such as she had been cutting for her patients. She rang a bell, and a woman of about forty came into the room dressed in a grey merino gown and a white cap and apron. She looked like a lady, bat she was very thin and gaunt, with a pale j pinched face and a sad smile. She looked .i-swr£rtaid-at--&ading; a stranger seated by ] the hearth. 'Sister Angela, Mr. Bel field,' said Madge by way of introduction. 'Mr. Belfield is good enough to be in terested in our work, sister. Angela ; bowed, but made no reply. The two i -women took half a dozen of the little trays between them and went away to attend to J their patients, leaving Valentine to stare into the fire and brood over his paBt life. i He thought of thoBe careless days on the river, with boat, and dog, and gun, ; the sheer idleness of fancy which had led him to Madge Parley's cottage ; the hold '. her beauty had taken of him, and his j scornful disbelief in her virtue. A nd he i \- now came to this woman in his agony, as ? the one woman who could give him help ; and comfort, whose strong brave soul ; could inepire him with courage to begin ' life anew. And having come into this | louse of pain, he felt as if it would be ; best of all to stay here for ever, to be her clerk, her ally, her drudge, only to have : the privilege of being near her. He almost forgot his scheme of distant travel, he was ready to grovel at her feet and pkad to be allowed to stay with her. ! | She was absent for more than an hour. He empted the teapot, and looked at hia watch a dozen times before she came back. 'Are you surprised to see me here ; Etill,' he asked. j ' Yes, 1 thought you would have gone 1 back to your hotel This ia not a piaca for jou.' ' I suppose not, yet you told me if I were in great distress I might come to you for shelter. I hoped to find the name of your house waB not a1 together a delusion — The Forlorn Hope. I have no other hope, Madge.' *' That cannot be true. You have your mother, who adores you,' „. ' My mother cannot help me to bear iny burden. It would blast her declining years, bring her in anguish to the grave, to know the nature of my misery. I want some stroDg bosom to lean upon ; I want Some heroic soul to inspire me with courage. Madge, I have come to you — to you, as the only woman who can shed a tay of light upon this darkened spirit. I am a viler sinner than any of your lost sheep. Have pity upon me if you can, Madge, for I am the kind of sinner whom i o one pities. I am a murderer !' He clasped her hand in both hia own, and drew her nearer to him, looking up at ?her with despairing eyes, as she stood coking down upon him, speechless with horror. ' I killed my wife.' 'Oh, God!' ' 1 had the confession of her falsehood in my hand, her own deliberate declara tion tbat she had ceased to love me, and that she was passionately in love with another man — that she was leaving me to be his mistress. A pleasant letter for a husband to read, Madge. The ink was wet upon the paper, and she stood there looking at me — beautiful — false to the core. I struck her to the ground. It was only one blow, but it killed her. Between the reading of that letter and her death there was but an Interval of .half a-dozen seconds. The ink was wet still, and she was lying at my feet looking up at me — dead.' ' It was horrible,' gasped Madge, ' an awful irreparable calamity — but not murder. You did not mean to kill her. ' ' I will not say as much as that. I think I wanted to kill her — as I would have killed her seducer had he been there — but I was sorry the instant she was dead. The agony of remorse began before that ink was dry.' ' You should have confessed the truth ; you should have braved all conse quences.' ' I should. I was a coward and a fool ; a craven to shrink from the consequences of my wrath. I had a right to be angry. I forgot how frail a thing she was. She fell like a lily — a tall white lily snapped in a storm. One moment, my passion had vented itself, and she was dead.' And then he went on to describe that ghastly burial of the dead in the silence of the summer night. He dwelt on every dt tail, Bbowing how vividly every circum stance of that dismal scene had painted itself upon his memory. He recalled these things shudderlngly, as a man re lates a bad dream which he has dreamed again and again. ' Did no one suspect you ?' ' No one has found me out. There is a man I suspect of being some kind of eavesdropper and spy — a man who is on a visit to her father, and who passes for a gentleman.' ' You must not lose an hour in getting away from England — from Europe — be- yond the reach of pursuit, if that be pos sible. , Suspicion once aroused, detection might be easy, and then, having hidden your erf rue, you might seem a deliberate murderer instead of the victim of a moment's passion. You must sail by the firet ship that can carry you. Go to Liver pool to-night by the mail — if Liverpool is the port— and start to- morrow morn ing.' ' I am in no hurry.' ' But if your secret were once suspected, to leave England then would' look like flight, and only confirm suspicion. Go at once, while you are free to go.' 'I have half a mind to stay and take my chance,' he answered thoughtfully. ' If yon would be kind to me, Madge — if you would let me spend an hour in this room sometimes, hear the sound of your voice, watch you coming in and going oub, I would rat.Viar stay in London than go to Africa to look for diamonds and shoot big game. I am not the man I was be fore that night, Madge. When — when I had done that deed, my first thought was to save my neck— to hide my crime and go scot free. I thought life would be the same as it had been — the hunting field — the racecourse — the battue — all the same. I thought I could forget. Bat when, the seasons came round again, and the old sports, and the old people — my God, what a change. All the zest and flavor was gone. I went about as if I was in a dream, only half conscious of my own existence or the life round me. Wherever I went the same haunting thoughts went with me, and a ghost that would not be laid. Oh, Madge, you are stronger than I — braver, nobler. Pity me if yon can, as the strong should pity the weak.' ' I do pity you, poor soul, with all my heart,' she answered softly. She bent over him, and kissed his burning fore head. For the first time in their lives her lips touched him in love, freely given. ' God bless you, Madge, for that kiss,' he faltered. ' It shows me that you can pity me. Oh, my love, don't banish me. Let me stay near you— always. Let me serve you as a slave serves his master. Let me get a salt, fustian and corduroy, in Lieson Grove, and carry coals and clean windows for you — until you have tried me by years of faithful service, if you like. God knows I will be patient in consideration of the wretch I am, and then when you have found that there is some good in me, let me fee your husband, and let us go away together to the other end of the world. If there is happiness for me upon this earth, it must be found with you.' She looked at him In sUance, with a slow, sad smile,* for some moments before she answered. ' That is all a dream, Mr. Belfield— a feverish dream of your poor sick souL I have my duty here, which 1 shall never leave ; and you have your duty to your self, and to your mother and brother, lhink how their lives would be darkened by grief and shame if you were brought to answer for your crime, and made t3 appear that which you were not — a de liberate murderer. For their sake you ought to get away while the coast is clear. Begin a new life in a new country. Find new duties, as I found mine when my life was most desolate ; and in doing your duty and saving the souls of Binners you may find a full atonement for your own .sin. And then the shadows will be lifted, the burden will be lessened, the light will come.' ' 1 cannot live without you, Madge. I have yearned for you in my misery. That kiss has sealed me as your own for ever.' 'If you persist in saying these things I will never see you again, Mr. Belfield. I have done with love, and all thoughts of love. I have planned out my path in life, and mean to keep to it. And now I muBt wish you good-night, and ask yoa to leave this house. I have a great deal to do before bedtime. ' 41 Cannot other people do it for you? Cannot you give one evening in your life to my despair — you who do so much for others?' ' I am the head of our little organisa tion, and have to Bee that all is done rightly. There are three-and-twenty sick of ailing girls and women in the house, and only three sisters besides myself to see to them. We are a sisterhood of twenty-two. I am the only permanent resident, The other twenty- one each give one da; and night in every week to the work. They come at 8 one evening and go away at 8 on the following evening. It Is one day taken from the week of worldly business for a work of mercy. We find the plan works better than many 1 resident sisterhoods. The sisters are more cheerful, better tempered, and in better health. Their lives are not mono : tonous. There is no weariness, no pining for escape into th9 outer world. They always bring a certain amount of fresh ness to their work ; and It makes them happy to know that however worl the rest of their lives may be one day out of seven is spent in doing good.' 'The plan is your invention, I sup pose ?' ' Yes, it is mine.' 1 ' Clear brain ; strong heart ! Why did I cot know your value four years ago ? Well, Madge, you have received me kindly, and I won't impose upon your kindness. Good-night. I shall coma again to-morrow evening.' ' Think better of it, and go to Liver pool by the night mail.' ' Good-night,' he repeated Ignoring her question. 'Good- night.' They clasped hands and parted. Scarcely had the outer door shut upon him when she covered her face with her hands and burst into tears. ' 01), my love, my Bin-stained love !' she murmured ; ' I care for you more in your abasement than I ever cared for you yet. I would give my life to lead you back to happiness, if I had any hope you could ever be happy. But the curse of blood is on your soul, and what hope can there be for you on this side of the grave 1' Chapter XLT. — ' It was the Brand of Cain.' Mrs. Baddeley was very tired of the River Chad, and of the rustic garden where the crocuses starred the lawn with their golden cups. It was all very rural sod fresh and innocent, but she had an aching void where her heart should have been, and longed for London dissipations as the only anodyne for care. The good kind fellow, whom she had talked of so cheerily last season while he was broiling under an Indian sun, was on his way home now, and she could not think without some uneasiness of the manner in which he would take things when he should arrive, good natured as he was. It is not a pleasant thing for a husband to come home and find a. sheaf of bills and lawyers' letters, and County Court sum monses awaiting him, or to find his house hold goods subject to a bill of sale held by a West-End dressmaker, and this was exactly the condition of affairs that awaited Major Baddeley. He was to leave Bombay early hi February, and now February and the cro cuses were here, and in all probability the major had started. 'I shall get a telegram from Aden before I know where I am,' said the anxious wife. ' I think 1 ought to go back to London, dad.' ' You can at least stay till you get your telegram.' Mrs. Baddeley sighed, yawned, and re newed her novel. The romances supplied by Mudie were her only resources in this sleepy country life. She, who In London seldom opened a book, devoured three volume sin a day. ' Poor Frank ! How I wish somebody would leave him a fortune !' she said with - her eyes on the page. ' He would be Buch a perfect husband if he had only three or four thousand a year. How long is your friend Mr. Melnotte to stay with us ?' 'Does he bore you?' ' Not at all. He is very inoffensive, and he plays ecarte with you of an even ing ; but I can't quite understand why y«u asked him here.' ' There is more in him than anybody supposes,' replied the colonel quietly. ' I like his conversation, and if you are going to desert me I shall keep him as long as I can.' Leo yawned assent. The African traveller had not inspired the faintest in terest in her thoroughly feminine breast. Her only idea of sport was a prettily shaped horse that went like the wind, and a perfectly fitting habit. Big game . and the hardships of life in the desert had no attractions for her fancy. After luncheon she went out for a long ramble by the river, not because she loved the river, or the landscape, bat because she knew that open-air exercise was good for her figure and complexion. Mr. Melnotte was oub and about almost all day. He seemed to be as keenly in terested in rustic explorations and village gossip as in the perilous adventarea of the deBert. He made friends everywhere, talked to every one, and had a pleasant, homely way, which put every one at ease with him. He was out on the day after Valentine's departure, when Sir Adrian called at Colonel Deverill's cottage early in the afternoon. He was shown into the drawing-room. Mrs. Baddeley was out walking, the butler told him, but the colonel was at home. The colonel was not very prompt to appear, having lately settled himself in a comfortable arm-chair by the drawing room fire, to sleep off the effects of a heavy lunch and a pint of dry sherry. Adrian was left to himself for at least' ten minutes, during which time he walked up and down the drawing-room restlessly, full of thought. There was a small writing-table in one of the windows, and a chair in front of it which looked as if it had been occupied that morning. On the table there was a pile of volumes with the label of the Royal Geographical Society upon all of them, and beside the books there was an inkstand and a blotter. Sir Adrian had the curiosity to look at these books. Cameron, Livingstone, Stanley — they were all books of African travel. He opened one of the volumes at the places marked with slips of paper. At each of the marked places he found an anecdote, and every one of those anecdotes had been recited by Mr, Mel notte at the abbey dinner- table or in the abbey billiard room as personal ad ventures. He opened another yolume with the same result, and then .another, in which there were more selected anecdotes which had not yet been related, stock-in-trade for future evenings. ' Valentine was right,' he said to him self, ' Mr. Melnotte is an Impostor.' Bat why was the man there if an lot postor ? Colonel Deverill was not a man to be taken in by any common swindler. There must be some sufficient raaBon for the presence of this sham explorer. 'Was there some hidden motive in his visit to the colonel ; some motive which involved danger to Valentine ? Adrian had been not a little perplexed by Colonel Deverill's choice of that river side cottage as a winter residence, and now it seemed to him that Melnotte was a mysterious ally of the colonel's, who had been brought there to act as a spy upon the inmates of the abbey. To suppose this was to suppose that Helen's father suspected the dark secret of his daughter's fate, and such a supposi tion was full of terror. (To he. continued,.) . 