ODDS AND ENDS. Ada: "Why, one of your cheeks is red as fire, aud the other palo as a ghost." Ella : "Yes. Harry was on one side, and I was afraid mamma would see us on the other." "An, dearest, sighed a young man, kneel ing at the feet of his ownest own, " do you know what of all things is nearest my heart?" "Really I cannot say," she sweetly replied, " but in this cold weather I should think it was a flannel vest." She was too practical, aud it broke the engagement. Parent — " Who is the laziest boy iu your class, Johnny?" "Johnny — "I duuno. " Parent — "I should think you would kuow. When all the others aro industriously writing or studying the lesson?, who is ho who; sits idly in his scat and watches the rest instead of working himself ?" Johnny — " Tho teacher." A minister preached a vory eloquent sermon on. tho hard times, aud dwelt with wuuh earnestness on the duty of retrenchment and economy. His powerful discourse had a swift and unexpected eifect. Immediately after ser vice the congregation, held a church meeting aud reduced tho minister's salary from .€400 to £300. "Iiow admirably everything in nature is adapted to tho purpose for whickit is iutonded!" remarked the sentimental lover, us, during a pause in the conversation he watched tho swal lows skimming through the air. "Wonderful 1" coincided Miss Practical; " one's, fingers, for instance, are just the right sizo and shape for wearing jewellery." Tub Penny Reading.— Annals of a Quiet Neighborhood.) — Distinguished Amateur Voca list (both serious and comic): " I can't say you have a very appreoiativo public up hero ! X never sang Vilikins aud his Dinah better — but nobody laughed a bit!" Horrid Boy: "Oh, but they did when you sang The Death of Nelson. I saw them !" Aunt Roso : " And— was there plenty of dancing?" Niece Ethel (rising 11) : "Ob, yea! But I havo given up daneiug ut parties." Aunt Roses "Ah! — since whou has that been" Niece Ethel (dissillusioned) : " Oh! — over since I found how stupid it was dancing with part ners who — who— had not been taught by the same master as one's self." AN Eyk to Business.— Minister (to bereaved widow) : " Yc3, Mrs. Mildew, John was such a good man ; always tho same ; and you could know where to find him at all timos." Widow: "Yes, that's so." (Sobs.) Minister: "And then in money matters lie was always so open handed. I remember a time 1 needed money badly, and John wont down in his pookct for tho whoio sum. Ah, it was such a help." Widow: "Has (sob) it (sob) over been (sob) paid back ?" It is a Scotsman who tolls tho following at the expensed the Scottish settlers in Australia : — "Near Stawoil or Pleasant Creek, ono of these mining towns, in a small Scottish com munity, which somo yoars ago was very oxolu- sivo, au Irishman, it is said, camo ono day to settle in tho placo, and next morning a deputa tion of indignant Scots waited ou him, demand ing ho should put Mao' to his name or leavo the district. Ho chose tho former alternative, and was over afterwards known as Mac- Flaherty." Charles Young, the celebrated actor, hear- iiig a brother of tho sock and buskin complain of a cruol criticism, asked him, " What do you intend to do?" His friend, young and impetu ous, replied, "Do, indeed? Why, write to tho press, of course." " Don't do anything of tho sort, my young friond," said Young. "Take au old actor's advice, and n»ver write to tho press, uulcss thoy call you a oockchaferor a cockatoo ; and then be sure you aro furnished with positive proofs that you aro neither tho ono uor tho othor before you write, for, as thoy havo always tho last word, thoy may bo able to show tho public you are what they have called you." The eolebrated Mrs. Thicknosse undertook to construct . a letter, ovory word of which should bo Fronch, yot no Frenchman should bo ablo to road it ; whilo an illiterato Englishman or Euglish woman should decipher it with case. Horo is tho specimen of tho lady's ingenuity:— 14 Pro diva Cistro, commo an so us, au passo tho do horo if youx oanno, an ohat tu mi clumo, an diuo horo, an youx mai go tu tho faire if youx plaiao; youx rani havo- hobo, mutin, pore, buter, foulo, haiio, fruit, pigeon, olives, salotOj foruro dinor, ah oxcollont to, cafo, port vin, an UauoiuM i m Coi iue betti aud jtflli tu wauuo ; and Ilo go tu tho faire and visito the baron. But if yeux dont commo tu us, Ilo go tu ure housse an so oncle an so houo ho dose, for mi dame ses he beant il ; but deux comme, mi dire, yeux canne lie horo youx noa ; if youx louve muaiquo, yeux mai have the harpe, lute, or viol here. Adieu, mi dire Cistre." — Tit-Bits. Curiosities op Dialect.— Tho following in cident, for which the Northumbrian dialect is responsible,is none tho less amusing because it should bo taken cum grano sails : — In a certain Newoastle office is a gentleman named Shute. Tho other day the telephone bell began to ring, and Mr. Shuto went to it. At tho other end wn3 a lad, just imported from Blyth, and he opened the conversation by asking, "Whe are yo?' " Shute !" Now the lad, having spoken rather loudly, thought this was remarkable, but, raising his voice, he again repeated the query. Again came the answer, " bhute !" The lad changed the question to "What's your nyeme?" which he delivered with a yell. " Shute !" came tho reply once more. This was too much for the youtb, and, summoning all his ouergie3, ho bawled in a voice which burst tho battery, shivered tho telephone, and twisted the wiro into more shapes than ;any eel can assume, "Yo greet softy, isn't as shootin' as hard as aa can? Whaafs — yor — NYEME?" Story of " a Genuine Stradivarius." — The London correspondent of the Toronto Week tells the following story whicli he recently heard : — A little street boy, with a fiddle under his arm, crept into a city cooksbop not long ago, and begged that the owner of the place would givo him a " bit o' meat or a bit o' pudden, ho was so 'ungry." 11 1 cant afford to feed paupers," he was told; "you get out." Howover, he was so'porsistenfc and begged so hard for " sum'at," and offered his violin as a pledge that ho would return next day to pay for auythiug he might be given, that the man's heart was softened. " Hand mo the fiddle," said he, " and here's tlireepen'orth of grub. Now, when you come and pay ino tho three pence you shall have your property — not be fore." Well, the food was gratefully dispatched, and tho lad departed, promiaing that the first pence made by begging should be used to redeem his instrument. But days went on, and still the small battered violin remained on the counter waiting for its owner. Ono after noon a gentleman came into the shop in a great hurry to ask for change for a sovereign, as his hansom cab driver hadn't it. While the money was being counted out he took up the fiddle and examined it. " Whero did you get this from ?" ho asked, taking it to the light in order to examine it closoly. "Is it yours?" "No," answored the man, telling the story. " But do you know, my good fellow," said the gentleman, " I am a judgo of those things, and this is most valuable. Whore does tho boy live ? You don't know ? Hero's my card (you may have heard my name), and directly ho turns up send him to me, please. This is a genuine Stradivarius, and a beautiful ono too. I'd give a hundred guineas for it myself, and it may be worth more." Thinking the matter over that even ing, the shopman made up his mind to get something out of tho transaction ; so when the lad came a couple of days afterwards with the threepence and a long story of how father and ho had had a fall out with the "bobbies" and had been in " quod," tho man asked him point blank if ho would like to sell his fiddle. " No," he was answered ; he bad been given it by an old chip wbon tramping through Italy, who had told him it was very valuable, it took half an hour at least for the shopman to persuade the lad to part with the instrument for £40, und half an hour longer to arrange that the pay ment should ba mauo ut once in gold over the counter, uo cheque taken, as paper money was not understood ; and then, with a remark that he was-sure father would whack him, the lad went slowly off. Tho shopman chuckled. "Tvemade £60 by that," he said, and then, patting the gentleman's card into his pocket, he prepared to resell at something like a profit. On tho way ho passed a music-shop, and, deter mining to find out tho real valuo of the article —for itmight be worth £200 instead of £100— ho went in, asked the maa to look at it carefully and tell him what it was worth. " Seven and six pence, Gcrmanmake. We get 'em over by dozens every spring," naid the music-seller, promptly. It is needless to say the gentleman did not live at the address given, and it is rumored that he was nearly related to tho small fiddler. 