The Gilded Charm. [Tbb Stobt of a Sudden Fobtbnb and a Seduen LOBS.] CHAPTEB XL—CoNTDftTBD. " Yes; Jack and I are friends," Phillis replied'readily. There was not the least intention to deceive; but Joseph Was deceived. He thought they had been old friends. Somehow, perhaps, Phillis did not like to talk very much about her friendship for Jack. "I want you to ask him to.dinner, If you will." " Certainly, "whenever you please. I shall be glad to made Mr. Dunquerque's acquaintance. He is the brother of Lord Isle worth," said Joseph, with a littlesatisfaction at seeing alive member of the aristocracy at his own table. Jack came to dinner. He behaved extemely well; made no allusion to that previous occasion when he had been introduced to the Twins; listened. to their conversation as if it interested him above all things; and not onoe called Phillis by her Christian name. This omission made her reflect;'they were therefore, it was apparent, only Jack and Phil when they were alone. It was her first secret, and the possession of it became a joy. She had not a single word with him all the evening. Only before he went ha asked her if he might call the next day at luncheon-time. She said him yea. • " After all these Bloomsbury people," said Cornelius, lighting his first pipe, " it does one good, brother Humphrey, to come across a gentleman. - - Mr. Ronald Dunquerque took the keenest' wtr^TTh interest- la your Art criticisms at dinner." " They were general principles only, Cornelius," said Humphrey. " He is really a superior young man. A little: modest in your presence, brother. To' be sure, it is not every day that he finds himself dining with a Poet." . " And an Artist, "Humphrey." " Thank you, Cornelius. Miss Fleming had no charmB for him, I think." " Phillis Fleming, brother, is a girl who is drawn more towardB, and more attracts, men of maturer age—men no longer perhaps within the premiere jttmem, bat stui capable of love;" " Men of our age, Cornelius. Shall we split this potash, or mil you take some Apollinaris water? " Jack called, and they took luncheon together as before. Phillis, brighter and happier, told him what things she had seen and' what remarks she had made since last they met, a week ago. Then she told him-of the things die most wished to see. " Jack," she said, "I want to see the Tower of London and Westminister Abbey most." , " And then, Phil?" " Then I should like to see a play." " Would Mr; Jagenal aUotW me to lake you to the Tower of London? Now, Phil—this afternoon? " Phillis's worldly education was as yet so incomplete that she clapped her hands with delight. "Shall we go now, Jack? How delightful! Of course Mr, Jagenal -will allow you. "1 will be five minutes putting on my hat." " Now, that's wrong too, said Jack to himself. "It.is as wrong as calling her Phil. It's worse than wanting to kisB her, because the kiss never came off. I can't help it—it's pleasant. What will Colquhoun say when he comes home? Phil is sure to tell him everything. - Jack • Dunquerque, my boy, there 1 will be a day of reckoning for you— Already, Phil? By Jove! how nice you look!" " Do I, Jack ? Do you like my hat ? T hought it with Mrs. Caesilis the other day." "" Look at yourself in the glass, PhiL What do you see ?" fihe looked and laughed. It was not for her to .say what she saw. -"There Was a little maid of Arcadia once, Philj'andshe new up so beautiful that all the birds foil in love with her. There ; wereh<i other creatures except birds T^faB'thieve with her, beoause her sheep' ,: were too busy fattening, "thepidelvesior r the Corinthian Rattlemarket to pay -any -attention to her.' They were conscientious sheep, you see, and wished to docredit to the*AFcadian pastures." JackX)unquerque began to. feel great freedom in the allegorical imethod. •"Well, Jack?" " Well, Phil^ihe birds flew about in ,the woods, sinking to each other how ildively she was, how prettily she played, and howVBWeetly -she sang.• • Nobody junderstorid what' they said, but it pleased this lij^te iSidd.* " Pres6irtly4he' : grew a tall tnlid,' like yourself, PhiL Andrthetfiahe came put info fKe world. She was just like you, Phil; die had the same bright eyes, and the same laugh, and the same identical Birblit facej and 0 Phil, she, had your very same charming ways!" " Jack, do you really mean it ? Do you^ like' iny face, and are my ways really, and truly not rough and awkward ? " Jack-shook his head. "Your face is entrancing, Phil; and your ways are! more charming than I can tell you. Well, she came into the world and looked about her. It was pleasant world, she thought. . And then—I think I will tell you the rest of the story another time, Phil." i " Jack, did other people besides birds love your mud of Arcadia ?" "I'm afraid they did," he groaned. *{ A good many other people—confound them!" ' Phil looked puzzled. Why did he groan ? Why should not all the w : orld love the Arcadian maid if they pleased ? Then they went out, Jack being rather silent. 'This is a great deal better than driving with Mrs. CasBilie, Jack," said the girl, aB.ehe made her first acquaintance-with a hansom' cab.' "It is like sitting in a chair, while all the peopie move past. Look at the faces, Jack; how they stare straight before them! Ib work so dear to them -that they cannot find time to look at each other?" " Work is not dear to them at all, I think, "said Jack. " If I were a clergyman I should talk nonBense and say that it is the race for gold. As a matter of faot, I believe it is a race for bread. Those hard faceB have got wiveB .and children at home, and me is difficult, that isalL" Phillis was silent again. They drove through the crowded City, where the roll of the vehicles thundered on the girl's astonished ears,, and the hard-faced crowd sped swiftly past her. Life was too multitudinous, too complex, for her brain to take it in. The shops did not interest her now, nor the press of business; it was the neverending rush of the anxious crowd. She tried to realize, if ever so faintly, that every one of their faces meant a distinct and important personality. It was too much for her, and, as it did to- the Persianmonarch, the multitudes brought tears into her eyeB. " Where are all the women?" she asked Jack at length. " At home. These men are working for them. They are* spending the money which their husbands and fathers : fight for." She was silent again. The crowd diminished, but not much; the street grew narrower. Presently they came to an open^pace,. and beyond —Oh, joy of jbysl -the Tower of London,, which she knew from the pictures.' Only country people go to the Tower of London. " It -Would alinost seem a kindness to London readers were I to describe this national gaudy-show. But it is better, perhaps, that its,, splendours should remain unknown, like those of this National Gallery and (he British Museum. The solitudes of London are not too many, and its convenient trystingplaces are few. The beefeater who conducted the flock attaidhsd himself specially to Phillis, hereby showing that good taste has found a homo among beefeaters^ Phillis asked him a thousand questions. She was eager to see everything. She begged him to take them slowly down the long line of armoured warriors; she did not care for the arms, except for such as she had heard about, as bows and arrows, pikes, battle-axes, and spears. She lingered in the room where Sir Walter Raleigh was confined; she studied the construction of -the headsman's axe and the block; she glowed with delight at finding herself in the old ohapel of the White Tower. Jack did not understand her enthusiasm. It was his own first visit also to the Tower, but he was unaffected by its historical associations. Nor did he greatly care for the arms and armour,; Think of Phillis. Her guardian's favourite lessons to her had Jbeen in history. He would read her pa at which her pulse would auickan^abd. her eyes light up. Somehow these seemed all conrierted with the Tower. She constructed an imaginary Tower ip her pirn, mind, and peopM it.-with the ghosts of martyred lords and' suffering ladies. But the palaqe.-of b er soul Was as nothing 'compared with the grim gray fortress that sh^ WW.i The-kiiights of her imagination were poor creatures compared with .these- eolid herpes • of steel Mid iron oii their wooden chargers the dungeon in which l&leigh; pined was,far.more gloomy than any she Jtad pictured; the ghosts of slain rebels' apd murdered princes gained inher imagipation a place and surroundings worthy of their haunts. - The -first sight of London which an Australian visits is the Tower; the first pl^ce whioh the boy associates with thb past, and longs to see, is that pld pile beside the Thame?, , Phillis came away atlength, -with a sigh of ^infinite satisfaction. On the way home she said nothing; but Jack saw, by her absorbed look, that the girl was happy. She was adjusting, bit by bit, her memories andher fancies with the reality.. She .was try. to fit the dtories her *uardian had read her «o often with the chambers and the courts • she had just seen. Jack watched her stealthily. A great wave of - passion rolled over the heart of this young man whenever he looked at this young girl/ He loved her; there was no longer any possible donbt of that; and she only liked him. What a difference! ^.nd^to,, Jfchmk^ Jhit.Jibfi f'rench "have o'nly 'one word for both emotions! She iiked to be with him, to talk to him, because he was young and she could talk to him. • But love? Cold Dian was not more free from l0V]e. - I can make most of it out," the girl -1 Saio, turning to Jack.. " All except lad ,ne firey.-I cannptunderatand -at all kbont her^ -Tou niUBt- take me again, j^e will get that dear old beeT eater all by himself, and we will spend the whole day there, you and I together, ehall wo not ? " - - 'Then, after her wont, she put the Tower; but of her mind and'began to talk about what she saw. They passed a printeeller's. She wanted to look at a picture in the window, and Jack stopped the cab and took her into the shop. " ; He observed, not without dismay, that she had not the most rudimentary ideas on the subject of purchase. She had only once been in a shop, and-then, if I remember rightly, the bOl was sent to Mr: Joseph Jagenal. Phillis turned over the engravings and photographs, and selected half a dozen. Jack paid the bill next day. It was not much over fifteen pounds—a mere trifle to a Younger Son with four hundred a year. And then hel had the pleasure of seeing the warm glow of -pleasure in her eyes as she took the " Light of the World " from the portfolio. \- Pictures were hfir _book8,-^and she took them home to read. At; last, andall too soon, they came back i» Carnarvon Square. _ / "Good-bye, Phil," said Jack, before he knocked at the- door. "You havd had a ; pleasant day? '' "Very pleasant, Jack; - and all through you," (she replied. . " Cih,;what. a good Wng for me that we became friends!" He thought it might in the end lie b. bad thing for himself, but he did not say so. For every hour plunged the unhappy young man deeper in the ocean of 'love, and he grew more than ever conscious that the part he at present played would not be regarded with favour by her guardian. - "Jack," she said, while her hand rested in his, and her frank eyes looked, straight in his face with an expression in which there was no love at all—he saw that clearly—but only free and childlike affection,—" Jack—why do you look at me so sadly ?—Jack, if I wore like—if I were meant for that maiden of Arcadia you told me of " P Yes, Phil?" " If other people in the world loved me, you would love me too a little, wouldn't you?" CHAPTER SH. " TToqrVf^i what the inner spirit slugs, 'There ts no Joy bnt calm.' VThj should we only toil, the roof and crown things f " . La.wrence Colquh'ouk was coming home. Phillis, counting the days, remembered with a little prick of conscience, that Jack Dupquerque had never told her a single word concerning her second guardian. He was about forty years of age, as old as Joseph' Jagenal. She pictured a grave heavy man, with "massive forehead, thick black hair, and a responsible manner. She knew too that there was to be a change in her life, but of what kind she could not telL The present mode of living washappiiieBS enoughtoherf a drive with Mrs. Caealis—odd that Phillis could never remove from herself the . impression that Mrs. Caseilis disliked her ; a walk with Joseph to his office aad baek in the morning; a day of . occasional delight -with her 'best friend, Jack the unscrupulous;; her draWingfor amusement and occupation; and a widely-increased area, so to speak, of dress discussion with her maid. Antoinette, once her fellow-prisoner, now emancipated like hereelf, informed her young mistress that should the new guardian insist on a return to captivity, she, Antoinette, would immediately resign. Her devotion to Phillis, she explained, was unalterable; but, contrary to the experience of the bard, stone walls, in her own case, did make a prison. Was Mademoiselle going to resign all these pleasures ?—she pointed to the • evening-dresses, the walkingdressea, the riding-habits—was Mademoiselle about to give up taking walks when and where she pleased? was Mademoiselle ready to let the young gentleman, Monsieur Dunquerque, waste his life in regrets—and he so brave, so ^ood ? Anbonette. it may be observed,, had, in the^agpeeable^iety Sf Jane the housemaid^ Clarissa the cook,«nd Victoria Pame!a, aa$istant in «ither departraenV^already received Enlightenment in thdusagefe of London, courtship. She herself, a little flirt jfith ;the and light* brownhalr, wVs'urdsdy the'object bl & devouring.passion, on -ttiSjpart of a younggentleu&n; 'who 1 cut ottTer gentle-^ Tfl^p'a^Kiir in a j|pjg)iKniiring" street. Souther, did Mademoiselle reflect oi'the .wickedness of , burying herself and'her beautiful eyes but. of everybody's sight? A . change was inevitable. Phillis would willingly have stayed on at Carnarvon Square, where theTwins amused her, and the lawyer Joseph was londto her. £ut Mrs. Casaills explained., that this was impossible j'thitt steps would have to be taken with Regard to her future.; and tbitt tha,wishes, of rher guardian must "be consulted till she was of age. ' ' " ,Tou - are nrtw niheteen, my dear. You hate two years to WP& Then you will come into possession of your fbrtunej and you will pe your pwn jmistreeB,. at liberty to live where and-how you please." - . ~ ^ • Phillis^ listened, but made no reply. It was a new thought tohbr that iii two years -she would be ^personally; responsible for the oonduct -and -management of her own life, obliged to think and decide for hereelf, ana undertaking, all tharesponsibilitiea and conBequ«noes qf her own actions. '^Then eke remembered Abraham Dyson's warning and maxims. . They once fell unheeded on her brain, which was jinder. strict jvarf,an^,%telagejjuet like a,exhorta-., *tionB *to avoid the sins of the world on the ears of the convent girls. Now she remembered them. {To U Contiwud.) 