WHEN THE PAST IS A DREAM. Original Tale, written exi»resbly for our Columns, by M, C. Finey. CHAPTER I. Introduction. £3®-?. MAN stood leaning on the iron gate that vJfpyf opened into the Glenroy farthest allotment, W\y% waiting for some horses to come through from V£ the river side, which same horses did not seem in any particular hurry, lor they kept waiting to eat the dry grass that grew under the trees, as they came, and the man seemed in no hurry either. It was a lazy evening — the very sun seemed lazy as he sank to rest over the tree tops — and the whole earth lay so still, it might have been asleep, and the sighing of the wind through the tree tops might have been its breathing. The man on the gate might have been asleep, too, had it not been for the frequent waving of a gum bough to keep off the flies, and the very alert expression of his eyes as he watched some moving objects corning down a slope away to the right. The sun grew redder — still redder — as it sank over the trees. The lirst horse reached the gate, the second closely following, when suddenly both stopped and raised their heads, the man turned quickly and looked in the same direction. What couid be disturbing the quietude besides themselves ? There was a cracking of leaves and pushing aside of boughs, . and then a man appeared in view — a man full of life and vigor for such a drowsy evening, for he laughed as he jumped over the brushwood that had been cleared from the gateway, saying — " thank fate for the sight of a human being, I thought i was lost, although I expected to come to something if I followed the fence. Do you know the way about here ?" And he too leant on the gate as the horses, satisfied of the commotion, passed through. The man he addressed gave a faint smile, which plainly expressed contempt, as he answered, " I ain't lived here close on five years to stay indoors and keep me heyes shut." " Which means, I suppose," laughed the new comer, " that you do know the way about here. Well, perhaps you would be so good as to tell me in which direction 1 should go to get to Glenroy ?" " Glenroy 1 that's my way as soon as them cows get through." " Ah, that is fortunate for me. Do you merely go for a visit, or do you belong to the place ? You must not object to my questions, for you see i am a stranger and have everything to learn." " 'Tain't much you can learn of me, more'n me name's George Clarke, and I take on as a knock- a-bout hand on the Glenroy station. I've been here this five year, and I know every stick and stone for more'n ten miles round Warakara, and if yer want to know any thing about that, 1 ken tell yer." It was plain that the friendly manner and pleasant voice of the new comer had had effect, and he took advantage of it to ask for information of many things about the place that were novel to him. At last, as the cows came nearer, he saw that someone on horseback was drivine: them, and turning: to his companion asked, " if I am not very much mistaken, there is a girl on horseback after those cows, tell me who is she ? I have not seen a girl since I came to Glenroy." George Clarke actually laughed. " Well now, if that ain't good 1 Want ter know who she is, do you ? Yer couldn't have showed yerself more of a stranger gaffer" (for he had found out who the new comer was) " than to go and ask who Grace O'Connell was, and if yer ain't seen her nor her sister, yer ain't seen the two best girls in all the country round, and the two best looking girls into the bargain." "Ah 1 Grace O'Connell 1 1 must have a look at you and see what my prospective aunt may be like," the man said to himBelf. Aloud he replied, " no, I have not seen any woman in Warakara except my uncle's housekeeper, and shall be delighted to see the young lady in question. By-the- way, is it usual, my friend," he continued, as he closely watched the approaching horsewoman, " for your ladies in Australia to wear such very short skirts ?" " Ah, bless you 1 she ain't got no skirt on ; seldom she waits to put on her habit, she just jumps on the horse as she is to come after them cows, tiiough maybe if she had knowed she'd meet a stranger like yerself, gaffer, she'd have rigged up a bit ; but yer see," he added, reflectively, " 'tain't often yer meet nothing of no kind just about here, and 'tain't no good dressin' for the trees an' things that don't look." The stranger had drawn some little way back from the gate, which George pulled a little farther open for the cows to go through, and kept his eyes on the girl, who smiled and said, " good evening George," then paused aB he said, " you've had a long ride this evening, miss, them beaBts want walloping for trespassing ; how do you reckon they came in here ?" " Ah, 1 know, I followed their tracks from the river ; about half a mile from the crossing the fence is broken in two places, I want you to tell Mr. Glyde, and see about having it mended ; my father could see them on that hill from the house, and that was how I came out so early, though I am afraid now it will be dark before I get home. Good night 1" As she turned her head slightly to pull the reins, she raised her eyes, and for the first time looked at the stranger, meeting his fixed gaze unflinchingly ; it seemed to her that they stared at each other for a minute, but it was but an instant while George echoed her " good night," then she bowed slightly and had passed through the gate before the stranger's hand had left his hat. " What an idiot I am," she muttered as she felt the color rising in her face, " not to be able to look at a strange man without feeling so ridiculously nervous, but he ought not to have stared at me like that, even if I did look a guy. He is not much like Mr. Glyde, I wonder if we shall see him again ?" Meanwhile the strange man was watching her move off, looking at everything she had on, from the shabby sailor hat with its blue lining and bunch of ribbons, down to the strong buttoned-up boots, short grey dress, red sash, and white necktie inclusive. " Well enough," he said half aloud as he turned to follow George. " Well enough ! I should think so indeed, never been ill in my time that I ever heard of, except it be a cold or something that's easy cured," said the good man taking the words literally, and answering the half spoken remark. " Oh, yes !" came the laughing answer, "the young lady looks to be in very good health, but I did not mean that exactly, I was thinking I could remember her look well enough." " Well, I can just tell you gaffer you won't meet so many girls round here that yer need be afraid of not knowing that one again, she isn't just like any other girl somehow, yer may hear that most people prefers the other, and I ain't going to say but what she is the best, I don't see her not once in a month, but Grace O'Connell, I'm game to say, hasn't got a match in all Australia if it comes to handling a horse or sticking to a friend." " Good qualities to possess, perhaps, in this out-of- the-way place ; and which road, or I suppose direction would be more natural, does your divinity take to get home ?" " Yer see," slowly turning round to look for land marks, " that big lot of trees, a bit to the right, well, she is just going across the corner of that, then through that hay paddock takes yer over the rise straight to Hell-is-vale." " Sounds rather an inappropriate name for the abode of divinity," the stranger laughed half to himself, " but I know the house, it can be seen quite plainly from my uncle's verandah, by moonlight it looks quite pretty. I was thinking of sketching it, but decided it would take longer than my visit here is likely to be, to do it justice, but the girl is different, if I can catch that ex pression, the outline is too near the Grecian model to be difficult," then becoming conscious that his companion was but his uncle's servant, " you were right, George, Miss O'Connell is not just like any other girl, and I think her very good looking, but it is getting deuced dark. You are sure you are not off the road ?" George laughed and pointed to the right, as half a dozen bright lights rose before them, " see there, mate, we are just starting down hill, and Glenroy straight afore ub ; you may reckon supper is just about ready, and if yer feel as hi do, yer won't be sorry to tuck in." As they neared the place most of the dancing lights proved to be lanterns, and they were immediately hailed with a shout. " Hulloa Tom, what's the row?" roared George. " Who's yer mate ?" came the answering roar, " cause if he's the gaffer's friend I'm darned glad to hear it, 'tain't me that wants to go hawking round the couutry looking for lost children this time of night." " Now, steady there," laughed the stranger ; " I am something better than a child, my friend, for J did strike the track for home. Is not that what you say ? and I don't believe I am very late for dinner, eh, George ?" " Ah 1 Ah 1 dinner. I don't know about that, but there's the gaffer, and he's been waiting supper for yer this long time." CHAPTER II. A Farm Girl. ATE 1 " exclaimed Grace O'Connell, jumping JlMpl off her horse, and pushing her hat from her forehead as she walked up to her sister, who .1 f(ff\ was waiting for her in the back verandah, " I have seen him ; he is not a bit like we pictured him, he has brown eyes, but is very rude, he stared at me all the time I was talking to George as if I were a kind of creature he had never seen before, and I know, of course, that I did look a remarkable object for one who is not used to Australian farm girls to see ; but I think in common decency he might have disguised his curiosity a little." And with her eyes full of tears and her head thrown back she passed into the house. " Grace darling, I am so sorry, so very sorry, if he was rude to you, are you sure you were not mistaken ?" exclaimed Kate in not a little surprise, putting her arms round Grace, " is he such a . very horrid young man ? I suppose that is why Mr. Glyde has not come to tell us anything about him ; he thinks we will be dis appointed as we expected some fun. Tell me some more about him, Gracie dear." " There is such a very little to tell, only that I felt so very uncomfortable. Sit down here and I will tell you why." She had banished the momentary tears and regained her composure, exoept for the flush on her face. " I was coming down the Glenroy road quite gaily. I had to go quite to the top to get those horrid beaBts, and I could see George was bringing the horses from water, so that I should not have the trouble of opening the gate, that made me hurry up, then I suddenly noticed when I came close up that someone else was at the gate, and they were talking and laughing, and be was looking at me, and as I had no habit on I felt sure he was laughing at me somehow, and could have sunk into the earth. Can't you imagine how he will go home and amuse his uncle with a description of the reconnoitre ? However, I meant to be even with him, so 1 talked to George without even looking at him, just to show him if I did ride after cows, I wasn't exactly a cow-girl who stared at every stranger as though she had never seen one before ; but then, I don't know why, I couldn't help it somehow, i had to look at him just as I left." " Magnetic influence, of course, Grace ; he wanted you to look at him and you had to, you couldn't help it. A sure sign that you two will meet affinities, so hurry up, tell me what he is like." " I — I don't know anything he is like, he has brown eyes." " Oh ! indeed, that he has brown eyes I suppose sums up the young man's appearance entirely. Well, come let us have tea, and perhaps that will make you remember something else." " Oh, Kate ! I remember his personal appearance, of course, but he is a gentleman, and has been used to ladies' society, and I am nothing but a farm girl, don't you understand ? He looks as if he would laugh at every - thing, and if he comes here there is so much he can laugh at ; surely you can understand what 1 mean ?" she said clasping her hands, as she walked towards the dining-room with her brows knitted almost in pain. " Yes, 1 know what you mean, and I think you are awfully stupid, I hope he will laugh, and I am quite ready to laugh, too, at everything. I can't understand you Grace, to-night." No, pretty, graceful, laughing Kate, you don't understand, dancing round pouring out tea and cutting bread, it is doubtful if ever you felt that feeling of pride that your poor sister has so often had to conquer. But she has been fighting against it all the time she was riding home, so it is not long, now she has spoken it out to her sister, before she is at table laughing and talking as though she had not been disturbed by any unpleasant thoughts of meeting a stranger whom she could not meet on his own level. This was an instance in which Lawrance O'Connell's two daughters were widely different. Kate, the eldest, was bright joyous and frank ; her thoughts passed from her lips as soon as they entered her head ; to her, high or low were all the same, if they were friendly they were friends, if they came to Ellieevale they were welcome, and could not come too often, she could always find some way to, amuse them, if it was only to read out loud from the poetry book she herself was reading. But to Grace, no. one was her friend but those she liked, and if she did . not like them she would disappear and leave Kate to " her own resources, and the visitors. Although slie never read much, she thought more than Kate, and' kept her thoughts more to herself. There' were times, more especially when she was brought into contact with people of a higher social grade, that she could not keep her likes and dislikes from showing, and she very much disliked anyone whom she thought con sidered themselves superior to herself ; it hurt her pride, and pride was Grace O'Connell's ruling passion — or rather evil passion — for no one had ever known pride to stand in the way when it might have kept her from some good work, it was too much under control for that, but at odd times, such as this, when the cause was so obscure to other eyes, Grace's pride would break out in petulance or anger, very much surprising those, who like Kate, " did not understand." " Have you come at last," cried Kate, " we were just beginning tea, as Walter is coming tonight, and we want to get finished early." She pulled out her father's ehair and began to pour out his tea. " What do you think, father ? Grace has seen Mr. Glyde's nephew, and fallen in love with him on the spot." "Ah I true to your word, Grace," said her father, smiling across at her, " and did he reciprocate?" "No, I. rather imagine he didn't by his stare ; I didn't speak to him, you know, 1 just gave one look and threw my heart at his feet, then I bowed and came away, but 1 believe he picked the bleeding treasure up in his hat, tor 1 saw him taking it off as 1 left." Little she knew how much truth there was in her jest ing words, or in Kate's laughing rejoinder. " I am very sorry you threw your heart away like that, for you won't have the ghost of a chance to obtain a return, you know, with Leslie Glyde against you." " You can't think I ever expect it, with him to talk against me, I wouldn't stand a chance, he will take the first opportunity, though, to sing your praises, aDd expect his newly discovered kinsman to fail down and worship, I know. Can you Bee any just reason, father, why Mr. Glyde should have such a fancy for Kate, and such a down on me?" She folded her arms on the table and turned to her father with this abrupt question, looking quite serious although the smile was still on her lips. " Of course, because Kate is fanciful, and you are a radical and want keeping down." A radical, radical ! so I am, and that reminds me, Who went to the post, and where are the papers ?" " No one went to the post, but Ralph is going after tea, I could not spare a man before ; was it to-night Miss Clavering was to come ?" " Yes, so they said, it was too dark for Walter to fly a flag, but he will be able to tell us to night. I believe that was all he wanted to come for, his song would have done very well without practising this time, only he wants to show us he don't care for their society as much as we make out. I shall feel nervous, I know, playing before them at the concert ; they say Maud plays splendidly, and it makes one make mistakes when they know another is just waiting to criticise," " Oh I I wouldn't care, 1 should make mistakes on purpose, just for diversion," and Grace laughed at her father. Lawrance O'Connell was Irish, and it was from him his children caught their quaint Irishisms. He was a remarkable instance of Australian progression. A friendless orphan from a Dublin orphanage. At the age of fourteen he had been sent to sea ; for four years he had borne it — the work, the loneliness, the sea. Then the vessel had come to Australia ; for three days the sailors had worked, loading and unloading, the sun was hot, the men were hotter, there were hills in the distance that suggested streams of water, and they were covered with green, cool looking trees, there were longing eyes cast towards those dark crowned hills, while the not chains went aloft, and while the heavy bales came down. An old man of fifty brushed his sleeve across his fore head and cast a furtive glance all round. " It looks cool yonder." The man was prematurely old with travel, and a simpler remark could not have veiled a deeper suggestion. The blue eyes of his companion were full of courage and rested but a moment on his, " I am ready," said a steady voice when another bale came down. That night half a dozen sailors were taking their leisure in the " bailor's Best," half a dozen country people were refreshing themselves there also, before taking their way to their country homes. There were many questions asked of land and sea, and many rare yarns were told on either side. One old man had much to ask of goldfields reported to be in the north, and the lay of the mountains, and the courses of the rivers, while one young man leant all the time at the door, speaking never a word, but loosing never a word that was spoken, and looking away to that dark line of hills. " We'll have Dick along with us; too," murmured the old man as they took their way back, to the ship, lying so quietly at anchor under the stars. " Two is easier than three, but give him a chance if you please." "Is it to-night, Bance, or to-morrow ?" " Let it be to-morrow, the moon will shine brighter, and we can steer our course better." And Bance, for so he had ever been called on the ship since the first day the captain asked his name, and hearing it was Lawrance O'Connell, com menced to repeat, " Law -ranee and indeed ranee is long enough for the length of the ship, what's to prevent you being Bance on the sea ?" And as the bashful blue eyed boy bad no objection to offer, Bance he was on the sea. For a time he bad liked it well enough, if he was fright ened, if he was tired he cried at night in his bunk and tears brought relief and sleep, while no one was ever the wiser. The sailors admired the fearless child, whom the most difficult task could never daunt, if he was told to do it, be supposed it was possible for him to perform it, and he did it. But now, was it that man hood was dawning within him, or that he had lain long enough on the deck and watching the blue sky above and the blue sea below, that made his eyes turn so often to that green looking country where they told him gold was so easy to get, and men were so hard to follow. Well, they left the arrangements to Bance, and he did not fail them. When Dick went on shore on the morrow, he knew just what to take in his parcel, and just where to stow it on shore. Then at the darkest time at night those three silent figures knew just where to bend their steps to reach water before morning, but they did not know how much their captain swore when he heard of their departure, nor how he said, " Well, Dick might have gone, he always was an ailing cuss, and Bill was a rare lazy one, but Bance, the pick of the lot, oh, d — the boy, and never a complaint came out of his mouth, I'd give a years' wages to get Bance back again." But Bance never came back, and when the ship sailed from port, the best sailor from among her crew was just offering to try his hand at raking hay, for he had found out Dick was not strong enough for continual walking, and Bill had decided that there was no need to exert themselves to get to the mines while their present quarters continued so pleasant. (To be Continued.) 