SE V-SIDK YARN'S. A PIALBA GHOST. (Written for the CofonUt.) BY ' ISHM AKL..' 4* Comk, Bill ! It's your turn to-night,' said big Jem Elson, as he stretched his limbs hy the roaiing fire aliich we had lighted at our camp, one beautiful winter . night, and he spoke be turned his head : to look at Bill Chapman, Who sat near I lookiug dreamily iuto the flickering j bUzd of the tire, as he slowly puffed at j short pipe which was sc«rcel- ever out of i bis mouth. j ' Is i'. ?' he enquired. 'Humph! I suppo-e ueeds mu&L; when — bah ! you are too big to insult, so ' finish it yerself, its too expiusive' as the Irishman said. Ah well here goes then boys.' and the speaker shook the ashes out of his pipe ou his thumb kuuckle, and returned it to his pouch. ' Well then, my yarn, although it may sound a bit ridiculous is a true one, aud really happened to myselfnn what is now the Pialba road. It is some 20 or 21 years ago, and I tiad beeu giveu a week's holiday, and determined to spend it at the Bay. As you know, l suppose, Pialha was barely heard ot tbeu. If I remember rightly there were some two or three houses there at most. Poor old Fritz Kehlet, bad oue, and I really forget, it's so long ago, whether 6-tutberden or Watsou were there, but I rather fancy they were, auy way it does not matter, as my yam U not about the Bay, but rattier the ro-id. Well, I started off' from Dundalhu, (to which n|.,AQ r ri Hrfow r.,1 tUt* ..i.rhn about 3 o'clock one morning. It was a beautiful moonlight night, or morning if you like, aud as I had a splendid horse uuder me, I expected to get down almost before daylight, as, it being winter time, day did not break till nearly 6 o'clock. 11 It was bitterly cold, and a strong westerly wind was blowing, wbicb made it anything but comfortable for riding. I lit my pipe, and jogged ou, aud as I was a good bushmau, aud knew the lay or the country, I did not keep to the road, hut made some cuts through tbe bush now ( aud then, to save tbe turus and twists whicb the road in those days took. Ou arriving at the Susan River I saw a fire ahead of me, aud found some bullock driv ers were camped there, being ou their way up to town. Even at Mutt early hour, they were up aud saw me, and after exchang ing a few words with tnem I rode on all right for ahout two miles. I was wrapped up in my great coat, and mv pipe was be tween my teeth, and ou -ccount of the inteuse cold I had dropped the reins on tbe mare's shoulders, guiding her with mv knees, for she understood me nearly as well as I did her, I had my head down, and was rather sleepy in spite of tbe cold, when suddenly on rising the hill just before you come to the present Half-way House, the mare propped, aud with a snort, swung round, and before I quite knew of it she had started oft on the back track. I pulled her up with some difficulty, and after giving her a few smart cuts with the stick which I had, started bei back again towards Pialba, woudering what on earth could have come over her. but determined that she should uot serve me that trick again. Hang me, though, if, ou exactly the same spot, she didn't do the same thing. I was ready for ber this time, so stopped her quickly, and looked about to see what it was. Then I rode the mare up to the place ouce more, and although I had som° trouble in getting ber on, for she was trembling kike a leaf, and snorted like a steam-engine, as though dreadfully frightened, Isucceeded in getting her up, as near as I could judge, to within a few feet of where she bad turned. It now took me all my time to hold her, for she plunged about and tried tn tjru again, but I stuck to her and peered about in the moonlight to see what was up. I could see nothing, however, and at last, as the mare became so outrageou°, I jumped off, and throwing the bridle over my arm, 1 patted aud spoke to her, and after a few moments got her quieted, and then determined to look round, for I began to fear that uiggers were prowling around. I pulled ,..»f nttf rurAlif^v onH f-alf that it troB riffhf. I tb--n nnce more advauced. I looked about carefully, but could see nor bear nothing, and at last got some few yards paBt the place where the mare bad stopped, wh'U she once more nearlj pulled my arm out, and stood with her ears pricked, and quivering all over like a leaf. Of course I bad turned round to her when she had Jerked the bridle, but as she made no further attempt to bolt, I glanced over my shoulder, when I beheld a sight that made my very flesh creep witb horror, and I felt as though I ' should have dropped. I broke out into a cold Bweat, and in spite of the mare again tugging at the bridle, stood rooted to the spot, for there, a very short distauce off, with the cold white gleam of the moon striking fair on it and sbowiug every drpadful angle in its ghastly form, stood a GHOST ! Great Heavens ! What was I to do. Shudderinirly I shut my eyen, and to convince myself, opened them again. 11 WfiH alill there. Its horrible griuning face iH impressed on my memory to (his moment. It was not tbe orthodox white sheet ehosi. No, there it stood, a tall white skeleton, every bone apparently in its place. One arm raised menacingly over its head, and tbe other banging by its side, while tbe horrible grin of its face, as it worked its bead from side to side, so terrified me tbat I could not stir a finger. Once more I closed my eyes, and on opening them tbe figure bad vanished. I drew a long breatb, but before I had expelled it again, once more the fearful object appeared, and this time much closer. In fact It was ap proaching me. This put life into me. With a bound I was in my saddle, and giving a perfect yell of fear, I turned poor Gipsy round and was ofl on the road to town like a madman. ' I iii ver in mv life rode so recklessly as I did then. The v^ry flesh was creep on my oones, and I was so confoundedly frightened tbat I scarce dared look over my ehoulder. I really cannot tell what possesed me, for as you kuow I am rather a cool customer an a rule, and not easily scared, but lo tell the honest truth I don't believe you ever saw a man more shaken up thau I was. And the harder I rode the greater became my terror. In f*ct, I compl-tely lost ray wits, and never quite recovered them till I caine iu sight of the bullock-drivers' fire. I dashed up with HUcb a scared wbite face, that I verily believe the 'bullockies' thought I had gone mad. ' ' What's up, man ? What's up?: they asked, as tbe three of tbem ran up to me. ' With a eroan of relief, I tumbled off Gipsy, and for some seconds could not say a word, but stood glaring down the track along which I bad just come. At last I found my voice, and in a few words told wy yarn, or ratber jerked out a few explanatory words, wbicb were received with a grin of Incredulity by my listeners. But I stuck to ray statement, and at laBt, after giving me a good pull at (.heir rum bottle, which strengthened me qp won derfully, tbey agreed to saddle tbeir horses and ride down with ine to tbe spot, more I am sure for tbe sake of baying a .laugh at my expense, than out of any Idea as to tbe possible truth of my statement, ' By tbe time we arrived at th* spot, | day was just beginning to break, and the grey tint .if dawn, battling with t.'ie eld rays of the luonn. gave everything an even more weird appearance tlrtn before. As we had ridden along, my companions had uot failed to unmercifully chaft iue, luil uow t hey too seemed impressed by my earnest mauner, and forebnre to say auything, so we rode ou iu Kilence. 'Arriving at the spot wh slowly as cended tl)p rise, wheu suddenly oue of ( lie bullock-drivers stopped, and in a low hurried voice, scarcely more than a harsh whisper, said. ''By Jove! He's tbere sure enough,1 at the same time pointing with bis finger to the hnriible obj-ct which stood in exactly the position I had described to tbem. ' We all stopped Bhort, aud for a few seconds not a word was said, till at last, having huoiau beings within a few feet ot me seeined lo give me omiraire, for I rntle on, and the others mechanically followed, all glaring, however, at tbe spectre. Arriving a few yards closer, one of the men suddenly gave a loud guQaw, and exclaiming, ' ' A uieger ! Sf- help m ? never ! A skeleton, boys !' rode right up to my pateut champion ghost, and tbeu as we all saw the mistake we joined in, aud peal after peal rang out till our aides ached agaiD. As for myself I laughed in a hysterical manner, for ray nerves bad been worked up to sucb a pilch, that it was quite a relief to do something like this to let o& steam. 'Well, boys, my terrible gbost was simply this. A blackfellow had died, aud his body had been tied up in a sheet of hark, every limb being — as is tbeir ir.liatnm — firmlv tied th roll I'll the back of the sheet of bark with grass cords, so that the whole body was held in position. They had then simply stuck him upright iuto a large hollow tree, and the flesh being quickly eaten away had left the bare white bones standing upright in the tree. The moon was shining full on the ghastly object as I rode up, and the fact of it disappearing was due to tbe simple fact of the heavy leafy branch of a tree being blown by the wind be tween tbe moon and the skeleton, thus biding it from me for a mo meat or so. This, combined with my nervous state, also accounted for tbe object appearing to advance, and also for its apparently moviiig its head and arm. ' So now you see, boys, bow easy it is for people to swear to seeing gbosts, for if I bad not gone back and unravelled the mystery, I should ever after have stuck to my ghost yarn like a blackfellow to a rum bottle.' 