P i reside ' Sparks, Gti&st; (to hotel clerk) — ' I've met that gentleman who just went ont before some where. His face is very familiar, but to save my life I can't remember his. name.' Clerk — ' His name is Smith ; he is one of the officials at Darlinghurst Gaol. , Your bill mr. , \ Tcmperancc is the best fizz — hie! (The author of this ? bibulous paradox probably perpetrated it after n dinner at his club.) Perpetual pen- sliunnere. — People who can't write. ? When o-man-of-war starts forth for a cruise to ;travcr»e the earth's far borders — Alike to a new married couple it is, bccause , it sails under realcd ordert. Agricultural Boarder, (to landlady)—' Yes, Mrs. l'ippen, I, like you, have lived on a farm. In fact. I owned a stock farm some years a'gb; anil- the i-igs I bred are still talked of.' ' What kind of pigs were they V ' Oh, I had several kinds. Poland, China, and Berkshire, and Chester pigs, but I didn't like the Berkshires. Which do you think are the most unprofitable pigs, Mrs. Pippen V ' The human ones.' 'Shopman — 'I worked off some of that ?cheap keg butter to-day.' Grocer — ' Indeed 1 Whom did j'ou send it to V Shopman — ' Mrs. Blank, around in Macquarie street.' Grocer — 1 The d ? 1 you have 1 Why, I board with her.' Why does a person talking in his Bleep suggest the idea of a victim to a bad cold in the head I Because he speaks through iliis doze. The new Chief Commissioner of Railways will have his work to do, as the present Minister for Works would say, to EadycaXc hisstaff outof thepolitical groove into which they have gotten'. His : first task will be to reduce the category of officials to the num ber of mice to be 'caught. Then he. will have tit take order for the provision. . of silent non screeching steam whistles ; per fectly polite porters willing to fetch and Carry ; obliging ticket clerks; debnnnairc Btationmastera ; . - comfortably furnished waiting-rooms ; eatable and drinkable prog 'and grog at ' the refreshment' rooms— and so , 011 and so forth: Being an eddy he will pro bably move around quickly ; hence his labours may possibly be unto t'rfrfj/ification. If he should prove a Neddy, though— — -1 But we 1 hope for the best. ., One good chap de serves another, any way. A priest was called to see an old cabman who was on his ileath-bed. The Priest (sol emniyj — ? nave you been m tne nabit of going- to church ?' Cabmani(faintly) — 'No ; but (his face brightening) I've driven lots of people there.' Seedy Individual—' 1 Can I get a position as canvasser for that new book you intend bringing out by subscription ?' Publisher — ' Do you know anything about the book V S. .1. — Yes, I'm the author ; and I thought if I could get a position as canvasser, I might be able to make a little money out of the book/ The small colony of Victoria is out of debt and is also troubled with a surplus in the Treasury. It is believed that industrious attention to the business of killing off the Free-Trade lecturer crop has contributed principally to this happy but perplexing re sult. There is one defect, or rather an inconsis tency, in thcsublimepifty of Hamlet, uiimen tioned -jy any critic, aijil that is in Hamlet speaking of ' The':nndiscovcred country, from whose bourne no traveller returns,' and yet the whole play is made to move upon the fact that he had interviews with his father's ghost who' had, of courae, come back from the un discovered country. . ' Paper-ruling, — Wanted,, boys whe can feed well— apply,' Arc. That's an advertise ment 'from a daily paper. The advertisers' stand a good : show of being summoned for ?causing an obstruction in the street, because in these starving, Free-Tradc-paralysing-all business times, alx-ut half the youth of the colony will rush to the offices of these phil anthropists on the look out for a square meal. Christian Scientist — ' Have you ever tried the faith cure for your rheumatism ?' Patient. — ' Yes; I'm trying it now. I've got in my pocket tho left hind, foot of a graveyard rabbit that was killed when tho moon was full, and I'm blamed if 1 don't t hink it's helping me.' A French contemporary draws attention to the last new Parisian fashion. It is a mania for medical curiosities and surgical operations. ii is Buggcsicu mat luc meaires, 11 Lacy are to hold their own, must represent critical operations, in a thoroughly realistic manner, on the stage, and that party -givers will do well to enlist the services of young surgeons or dentists to entertain their company. We suppose this is what will happen in our drawing-rooms over here if the mode spreads : A Young Lady — What a too lovely op eration 1 Another Young Lady — Heavenly I I never saw a limb amputated so neatly in my life. . ' A Young Lady — Mr. Lancet must be very clever ? ANOTUEi: Young Lady — Oh, immensely so I He's invited to operate at all the best houses, you know. A Young Lady — Well, I don't wonder at it. People naturally prefer this sort of thing to the inane pertormances of Dampier and Titheradge. Another Young Lady— Yes, hush, dear. Mr. Lancet is just going to give us liis song, ' See Me T'raclicotomise,' with illustrative' business 011 the windpipe of a real live sub ject ! 1, The telephone, it is said, iB not making much progress in Russia. And no wonder ; fancy a man going to the 'phone and yelling : ' ITel-lo I Is that you, Dcvisostkivchsmart voie/.ski V ?No. Its Zolleusehonskaffirnockenstiffsgo woff. Who's speaking/' ' Sczlmochocwiertrijuaksmzyskisokemoff. 1 want to know if Xilteromansketliskillmaju wclizvastowsksweibierski is still stopping with Dvisostkivchsmartvoiczvski.' Such nomenclature over the telephone would tie the wire full of knots, and twist the enuneiator all out of shape. ? Until the kinks are ironed out of the Kussinn names the telephone will not be an overwhelming t),n ln,wl „F »l,r. n, An enthusiastic editor : 'The battle iB now opened,' But ulas 1 the intelligent (composi tor spelled 'battle 'with an 'o' and his readers said they had suspected it all along. ' You don't taste any veal about them chicken croquettes?' said the restaurant proprietor with, consoious rectitude. ' No, indeed,' assented the' customer. ' What do you make 'em of — cod 6sh V 'Will you please insert this obituary notice V asked an old gentleman of an editor. ' I make bold to ask it because the deceased had a great many-friends about here who'd' be glad to hear of his death;' Mr. bissy — ' Ya'as don't deny that I am an Anglomaniac. I thought you knew that, Miss Maude!' Miss Mande — ' I knew you were something of a maniac, Mr.. Sissy, but I didn't know what kind.' A clergyman who preached in a prison not many Sundays ago began his discourse -vith ?; ' My friends, I am glad to see so many of you hero this morning.' Mre. Do Society : 1 What a lovely baby that is we just passed 1' Mrs. De Fashion : Yes, it is mine.' ' Indeed 1' 'Oh, I'm sure of it. I recognised the nurse.' , A magazine writer has been discussing the question, 'Will the Coming Man .Read Books?' Not if he has to nurse the baby while his wife attends woman s rights con ventions; ' . 