THE GHOSTOF HAMLET'S FATHER. [Interviewed by HUGH KALYPTUS.] It may have been the mixed pickles or the " got 'em again," or otherwise, bnt I saw the ghost of Hamlet's father, and found him in very agreeable spirits. "Toa're the ghost of Hamlet's father, I presume," said L Well, I am some of him. We are various, so to speak, and sometimes I feel as ii I was too various, and it hurts my feelings." " Alas! poor ghost," I said, as a heavy sigh made Ida spectral armour rattle, " yon have very solid troubles." "Yes, they go through me like a knife," replied the ghost, wiping his eyes with an immaterial poskethandkerchief, " Yon see I never have anything to say abont it for myself; I am jost at the caprice of stage managers. Sometimes I am a small ghost, representing not more than ten stone six in the flesh; sometimes I am the spectral semblance of a man whose solid flesh is too utterly too-tco, and the gods in the gallery make remarks." " Yon have varied experiences f " Varied is not the word for it. I never hardly know myself, and my armour is not quite the thing. Now look here, would you like to have to come through a muslin rampart wall, one time np through the floor like that disreputable, juggling fiend Mephistopholes; another right bang across the stage close to the footlights, with the gods in the gallery saying ' hear them boards creakand sometimes through a stage door?' " Well, I admit it is not pleasant, and net consistent, but you see stage managers have their own ideas." "They have so," said the ghost, in a very modem vernacular. " Now, one Btige manager made me exhibit myself as if I was a nasty fog; I had to oome into view gradually like an exhalation from the drain, and I tell yon I did not like it—I, a royal Dane, to come in • cloud and depart most oonfoundedly flurried, for the smoke got up my nose and I mused the exit and nearly walked into the orchestra. Here the other night I had to stand in a draught talking to that vapouring idiot of a son of mine, Hamlet, and then •talk across tlj-e to the footlights, in the fnll glace of the opera-glasses. No ghost of any decent standing ever does that. Onoe sane one in the gallery threw an orange at me, and It caught me In the wind, making me say *Ugh,' which is not in the text. Neither do X think that boys ought to be allowed to call out,«Twig his calves;' it discomposes the most dignified ghost. There is a gnat deal of carelessness shown in the matter of cieaky shoes, and if you go across in your socks you may tread on a tack; that happened to me once, bnt fortunately I groaned instead of swearing, and the thing passed oft Taking it altogether I am getting tired of the disembodied spirit business, and wish I could 1 give op the ghost.'" "Alas, poor ghost," I said, not knowing exactly what else to say. The ghost threw up its hands with a gesture of impatience, and said, "Oh! don't Bay that. I have heard it before; Hamlet always says it1" And he went. 