CURRENT NOTES. FILIAL ingratitude is one of the deadliest of all sins, and in the case of an old woman charged with vagrancy on Monday last, the Bench justly expressed their regret that there was no law in Victoria to compel children to support th<ir parents in their old age and infirmity. In the case referred to, the unfortunate mother, who had been a hardworking and industrious woman, had two sons and two daughters, but they all declined, to assist her in any way. It most certainly is a blot upon our civilisation that some means cannot be devised for making those who are able to do so support their aged and infirm parents instead of allowing them to become dependent on public charity. There is something out of joint, my masters, when such coldblooded brutality as that of the four able-bodied sons and daughters of fche poor Footscray vagrant is allowed. They ought to be made to support the poor creature willy-nilly. WE should all feel delighted that our chatty and discursive friend, "Garryowen," is going to publish his " Chronicles of Early Melbourne" in book form ; for it is a work of undoubted historical value. Melbourne has undergone such marvellous changes that we really want some practical reminder of what it has been, and the " Chronicles" forma consecutive narrative of the growth and development of the city in all its varying phases. To read the record is almost like reading a fairy-tale, so wonderful have been the leaps and bounds to progress. As au authentic record of the growth of the most marvellous city in the world, the work will be of interest to others besides good Melbourneites and patriotic Victorians. THAT was a fine joke some larrikins played on an Episcopalian clergyman on Saturday night, only, strange to say, neither the clergyman nor the police seem to view it in the right light, and it is to be feared that the young men will have to pay for their little jokes. It appears that this new departure on the part of the gay and jocose larrikin took this humorous form: They procured a stuffed figure of a man, placed it at the back door of the reverend's residence, and then set to firing off revolvers. One or two of them then yelled out, " Oh, heavens ! I'm shot! I'm murdered i" after which they all decamped It was thought at first for some time that a man had actually been murdered, as the figure was seen lying on the ground, and in the dark it was difficult to discern it distinctly. However, someone at last summoned up courage to approach the motionless figure, and then, of course, the cheat was discovered. As a new departure in the way of recreation for our youth of the pave, this imitation of murder is, no doubt, highly satisfactory, but for every one else it is revolting and terrifying, and PUNCH IB pleased the police are not going to allow the case quoted to drop. THERE was an article in one of the daily papers lately on the question, " Is Death a Necessity?" It seems that a certain American savant has written a treatise to prove that it is not. He is rather late the afternoon with his li£tle theory. In the Medical Department of the Public Library there is a book called " The Disorder of Death," It was written by a parson, and published in the year 1818. The author holds that death is merely a disease — or disorder, as he calls it - and may be cured like any other disease when we know all about its facts. We have read his book, and we believe him..- .let us hope, however, that some of these diabolically clever scientists will not discover the secret during our time. If they did how tired we would get of our friends ! It is even possible they would get tired of us and—frightful thought!—refuse to give Us a u y more credit. On the whole we shall be quite satisfied to live for another hundred years or so, and then quietly don our final dress suit to sup with Plato and the ancient jokers of the past. SEVERAL suburban snd country papers have been writing on the subject of noise-making in the dress circle, and in each article I see the disturbance recently made in the Vice-regal box at the Bijou Theatre is mentioned. In every case these vulgar occupants were referred to as the guests of the Governor, a circumstance much to be regretted, since Vice-regal visitors do not deserve the censure. We thought it was generally known that the occupants of the Governor's box in his absence were usually the guests of the management or ordinary paying patrons of the theatre. WE love a joke. It is as the verv salt of life in PUNCH'S nostrils. But PUNCH is * also superstitious, and it must be confessed he has followed the bunyip question in the Herald with mingled feelings of awe and solemnity. He also has heard the dreaded bunyip. In the wan and weird midnight hour it was, when pressmen yawn and pubs, give up their drunks. It came to him with a deathly roar, with a hideous and ghostly moan, with a scalp-raising, screechy kind of boom that made spiritual raspberry jam trickle down PUNCH'S spinal marrow. But it wasn't the bunyip with a big B; it was only the bald- headed engineer yelling for more poets, and, of course, PUNCH sent him the longest-haired as a prey. And so with the Herald correspondents. The bloodcurdling bunyip turns out to be a bittern, a sort of hysteric crane, with a long neck and two long legs. No more now can the dusky child of the forest primeval p]ay it low on the confiding white man with tales of the terrible monster of the bush; no more aan the simple, toil-worn, lying old bushman take a rise out of the new chum and send him to his bunk with hair on end. No more, no'more. The good old lies are done with now for once and for all. It is a case of the bunyip bittern and the biter bitten. NEARLY six thousand pounds for two pictures ! Phew ! it is monstrous ; it takes our breath away to think of it. Fancy that now, close on to six thousand paid by the London Committee of our National Gallery for two canvasses, one by Linnell and one by Alma- Tadema. Our private opinion is that the London Committee has committe-d itself, and no mistake, in thus extravagantly squandering Australian pelf. Why, even our Members of Parliament don't spend one-quarter as much lucre on their canvas, and'we all know they have plenty of money -the public's money of course, bufrthat's all the same. A SHORT time ago the HercM stated that one of its correspondents made " the fearful vow" that if something or other he prophesied didn't come off he would 41 marry his mother-in-law." We don't say that it would not be a desperate act but there was a man in Tasmania who didn't seem to be scared about doing it. He tfbhis is an awful fact) actually doped with his mothen-iii-law, his wife (her daughter, of course) being alive at the time. What do you think of that for reckless courage ? In a long course of robber and pirate literature we have never come across such a desperado as this. It may be that he was mad. Anynow, it is safe to say that sheol will have no terrors for him. THERE was a social gathering of the sons of vEsculapius, Hippocratus and Galen in South Melbourne last Saturday night, and the cards of invitation were rather funny in their way. Here is a copy, and our readers may puzzle out the meaning for themselves :—" Scieus socialite sobriete. Doctores ! ducum nex mundi nitu parers triticum at ait expecto meta fuinen tute et eta leta pi, super a ten to uno dux hamorclam pati, sum parates, homine, jam, loli-Festo resonan noas sol." The last sentence—feast of reason and flow of soul — is particularly happy. THE University rouseabout, who had been sent out from England by his aristocratic friends to gain " colonial experience," was sitting close to the slush lamp in the men's hut on a Riverina station, reading the newspaper aloud. At length he struck a paragraph about Volapuk, " Wot's that ?" growled the Autocrat of the Hut—a grizzled old sinuer who sat in the warmest corner, in the middle of a cloud of tobacco smoke. " A new universal language that all the world will be able to speak and understand," replied the blue-blooded jackaroo. "Tipus some of it, said its Autocrat. Iheyoung man with the gilt off had been reading up the subject a bit, and gave a few samples of Volapuk. The rest of the hut made no comments, but waited for the old man's verdict. It came at last. " Might do for drorin' rooms," Baid he, in a tone of gloomy disgust, " but no blanky blank good for bullocks." That settled the fate of Volapuk on the station in Riverina. THOSE advertisers again ! What does this mean that appeared in the Age a few days ago ?— QEBVANT, thorough general, no washing, ^ quiet family, &c.;, &c.; To our unsophisticated mind this seems to be a thoroughly ridiculous advertisement, and we can only come to the conclusion that it was inserted as a joke. For what " thorough general" would become a servant ? Being in service is certainly an honest mode of gaining a livelihood, but it is not good enough for a "thorough "genera!," though he, too, most certainly must have been at one time in the service. And, then, that reference to washing. "No washing," it says. But this would not be any inducement to any " thorough general" of good moral tendencies, for generals do often wash themselves — note, for instance, Colonel Sargood aud Sir James Lorimer. No, take it at the best it is a foolish advertisement. Even if it was only that note about " quiet family" it is plain to see the advertisement was written by one who knows absolutely nothing at all ab»»'t military matters. Quiet family, forsooth. That's just what a general would not want. He would like a noisy fighting one, being a fire-eater himself, and a man of battle and the pomp and circumstance of war. No, we shall not recommend any generals of our acquaintance to apply for this position- Better let them tread the gory field at Albert Park, and earn a nation's gratitude by drinking bad spirits in the canteen. We wouldn't even recommend Sargood to apply. AT the annual meeting of the Scots' Church Social Improvement Society last week, the Rev. Alexandra Marshall, the new minister of Scots' Church, was presented with a silver walking stick. Seeing that Mr. Marshall has only been out here a few weeks doesn't this seem just a little bit too previous—so to speak ? A COMPANY has been floated privately in Melbourne to take over the Colonial right's in a new electric light, suitable for house illumination. The strange part of it is that the electric fluid is supplied in a liquid state, and is used just as one does kerOEene or parrafiu with a lamp, so that without generators or central depots or connecting wires one will be able to have the electric light in every room. If all that is told of this new light is correct, it will regenerate the whole science of illumination, aud the problem of household e'ectric lighting will be solved right away. We ourselves wish it all success, for our character socially, domestically, and literary, will bear the closest inspection, and we are not at all afraid of having a new light cast upon it. HAPPENING to glance over a country paper in the Atlienceum, we saw an account of a miner hailing from Maryborough of the curious name of Nine, who received severe injuries from falling down the shaft of the claim in which he was working. The account concluded with the intelligence that the unfortunate man was taken to the local hospital, and there had the fearful gash in bis head safely stitched up, and went on to say that subsequently the man was so much bettetf in consequence that he was able to leave the establishment. This preface to our little jokelet somewhat " thunders in the ride," for our witticism is of the mildest aud • least offensive nature. We merely wished to remark that this was an undeniable case of "A stitch in time saves Nine," and having joked our little jokey we will only faintly chuckle and retire. SOME artist, a genius in his own opinion, thus wades into print (the italics are our own). —"I suggest, then, that every theatrical manager, peripatetic or otherwise, shall be forced to obtain from the Minister of Public Instruction a licence enabling him to act as such on the following conditions, such licence, to be examined by the heads oj the police on behalf of the bench of magistrates in every town or townshij) visited, and thai no performance by this manager be permitted until this licence shall have been produced, duly certified and endorsed. To qualify for this licence I would make it a condition that: —1. The would-be manager must prove the possession of a sum of not less than £100, or find security for double this amount. (Comment is unnecessary.) Must produce as references two respectable theatrical managers who have been licensed, and retained their licences not less than two years. The licence to be liable to forfeiture for any one of the following causes :— {a It having been proved that the said manager sha I have left three sue essive loions without discharging in full hvi pecuniary cbligatwns. (ThiB par. we are compelled to italicise bodily, but for the matter of that, the whole letter might be treated in the same manner. Observe this does not prevent an honest man obtaining help and getting temporary credit to tide over a run of ill-luck, which may overtake the best of us.) (b) It having been proved that he caused to be performed a play, opera, burlesque or any kind of piece the proved property of any other lioensed manager. A number of other conditions might advantageously hereafter be imposed, but it seems to me that there would be sufficient in the above at first to squelch a number of welshers who most unnecessarily burden this beautiful earth with their most obnoxious presence, befoul a noble art, and go far to cancel the beneficial effect well represented comedians and dramas of every day life are certain to produce on those forced to dwell at some distance from the large centres of art and commerce." , GREAT Ccesar's ghost, just listen to this. ' There is at present in London a lady known as a " strong woman," and that she is coming it rather , strong may be judged from the gentle o^eptiois ' she undergoes in the way of training. She<i6tj$es< that she is compelled to be careful and regular in her meals. As an illustration she tells us that for breakfast she takes coooa with from four to,six eggs beaten up in it. Then in the middle of the day she lays in a supply of meat and vegetables, fowls and game, and has, in fact, of^ late tackled nothing but partridges and phefisante. About ^ four iu the afternoon she takes a cup or two of tea, and then she religiously abstains from touching anything until supper-time. Egad, madam, we should think so. We wonder how many are iu the family, and if they all have an appetite like mamma. Doubtless, it runs jo the family. Oh, what a happy person pa must be. Now, when the truth is told we fancy that pa must be the strongest member of this wonderful family, for he must raise the wherewithal to ante up to all and sundry butchers, bakers, egg merchants, poulterers, &c.;, &c.; A YOUNG man died suddenly in a country town the other day through over-exertion at an elocutionary contest. It was a sad thing, but perhaps it was for the best. He might have grown up to be a member of Parliament. 