THE DEAD MULE. About a mile from Fort Pillow we met three colored men and a team of horses. The horses were hitched to a dead mule, and were ' snaking' him off for burial, but ]ust, then had come to a dead halt. The men were wrangling in loud and earnest voices, and as we halted to see what was going on one of them explained — ' Yo see, gem'len, die yere mule died of heart dis ease.' 'Didn't do nuffin of de sort !' dis puted the second. ' If dat dere mule didn't hev a chill, an jist friz hisself to death den I'm a gonner 1' ' Chill !' yelled the third. ' Gem'len, dat mule wuz old 'nuff to die, an' he jist heeled ober, an dat's all dar am to it. Heart disease ! Chill ! Why, dem two niggers neber seed a mule afore las' y'ar.' 'Junius, doan* you go to puttin' on airs ober me 1' threatened the first, who was driving the team. 'You is a low down nigger from de bottom lands, an' dese white men doan' take no stock in eich.' Tbe colonel advised peace, but Junius bristled up with: 'Low-down nigger 1 Bottom lands ! Why,.fo' de Lawd, but I has alias lib'd on de mountains, an' as fur bein' a bad man, I has got 22 papers from de werry best white folks to show who I am 1' ' Reckon you lie, sah 1' ' Who's a liar ?' ' Yes, who's a liar ?' There was a triangular fight. Each man went in on hie own account and fought the other two. They were still at it, when the dead mule rolled over, raised his head, and, after a moment, got upon his feet and began to eat leaves from a roadside bush. Our laughter stopped the fracas, and each darky stood still and looked at that mule as if he had been a ghost. Then they looked at each other with blank faces. Then up at us with open jnouths. We rode away before they had spoken a word, but presently tbe leader shouted after us : ' Bless my soul, but he's done come to life, an' we's had dis yere fout fur nuffin.' Irate old gentleman : ' Mary, what was that noise I heard in the kitchen ?' Mary : ' Faith ! an' little oi know, unliss yez heard Mike's countenance dhrop when oi refused him a kiss a partinV Wife, one day after marriage : '* No, dear, don't give me any money ; I might lose it.' Same wife, one year after marriage : *' I took a five-pound note from your pocket book last night, John.' The last time that Daniel Webster visited the State of Maine there was a great excite ment on the subject of temperance. As soon as Webster got into his room at the hotel be ordered a bottle of brandy. The landlord went up to him to explain that the Maine law was just then so strictly enforced that he dared not bring a bottle of brandy into the house. 'The fact is, Mr. Webster,' he said, ' if I should bring a bottle of brandy into the hotel, there would be a search- warrant out for me in no time, and the constable wouldn't hesitate to come right into your room to serve a warrant !' To this the ' god-like Daniel' responded in his most impresive manner, 'Sir, you bring the brandy here, and I'll soon put it where no search- warrant can find it !' A Scottish farmer's eon was one evening visiting his sweetheart, when a violent storm came on. He rose at once to take his leave, bb he eaid he would require to see to the safety of his father '6 sheep. At this his lady-love, getting between him and the door, said, ' I canna let you oot in eic a nicht. They can look after the rest o' yer f aither's sheep wha likes, but I'll tak' care o' ane o' them.' A Detroit lawyer who had a case before one of the township justices subjected a witness to much brow-beating, and wound up with : ' Where you ever in jail ?' ' Aek me another question of the sort and I'll lick you until you can't holler !' was the prompt response. ' Your Honor,' began the lawyer, ' I demand that ? ' 'And if he can't I'll help him!' inter rupted the Justice, as he began to push up his sleeves. Big buttons still continue to be very fashionable. A lady, missing two buttons from her dress, asked her little daughter if she had seen them. ' Yes, ma ; the cook's got them. She uses them as lids to the saucepans.' Infant terrible (in the presence of the as sembled family) : ' Does sieter Annie sit in your lap ?' young Spriggs (terribly agitated and anticipating a breach-of-promise suit) : ' N-no, no, certainly — of course not ; how d-do you, 1-little fel ? ' Infant terrible (impatient of subterfuge, sternly interrupt ing) — 'She — said — you was B8 soft as butter, and if she did not sit on your lap how did she know ?' 