Jack Bowser, an Original Aboriginal, Oh! listen while I tell the tale of one of tboae brave soul?, Who lived e'er England's wooden walls all Bcuttled were by Coles; When armour plates were all unknown, and Britain won her wars, Not by the metal on her ships, but the mettle of her stars. Jack Bowser is my hero's name, who hardly could .be matched, For he on board a gallant ship was, tinder hatches, "hatched." His mother was the boatswain's wife, who wouldn't stay behind, So, was at sea, as Shakespeare says, "Cribbed,cabined and confined." Now Jack, as soon as he was launched, provision sorely needed, So, strove to reach the port of " Brest" for swc-cour, and #uc-ceeded ; But soon he leaves his mother's arms, and 'neath his dad's control, Was taught, as soon as he could walk, a British seaman's " rdle." So early did he learn to swim, his precious life to save, That scarcely had he " waived the breast," ero he could " breast the wave j" He learnt to plumb the currents of the deep, and read the skies, And knew full well as much as in a mariner's com pass lies. But, later on, his bosom craved what single life deziiesi And scarcely half-way through bis teens, he longed for closer ties j So, when one day he went ashore and saw sweet Molly Wright, | His love grew hot to such a piicht this tar was melted quite. "Be mine," he cried, "and name the day, dear Molly; do not tarry, For regulations maritimegive little time to marry." " I will," she said; and to the church, to be his bride, went she, But when for Jack she came to look, she found he'd gone to sea! For war was rife and press-gangs prowled, the navy l to increase, Since every man-o'-war required1 five hundred men apiece. I So Jack was seised the morn he should by marriage \- have been blessed, And though he swore he wouldn't go, he Went when I' hewa& pressed." Bat Jack was philosophical, and; tho' he often sighed. To think; his Moily he had lost, he Boon was molli fied ; And when he "spliced the main brace/' lie would give his breeks a hist, And think upon that other brace that was so nearly spliced. But soon the foe appeared in sight* the Captain took his station, And made a speech, sans ornament, tho' twas a deck oration ; " Fight those who fight, board those who yield; their swearing neyer mind j And capture all who show their sterns, and tow them all behind." Then shot acd shell flew thick as hail, and scores gave up the ghost; But, true as needle to its pole, stuck Jack unto his post; For he was gunner, and each time his target he could fix, He put an execution in and carried off their sticks. But juBt when British valor forced the enemy to quail, A cannon-ball took off Jack's head, and so cut short my tale; , They gently dropped him overboard, where ocean deepest rolls; His soul's aloft, his body finds a plate amongst the soles. * * * When Molly heard the dreadful news; with fretting she consoles, Till all her pocket-handkerchiefs .were fretted into holes; But, very soon, glad tidings came, which cut her sorrow short, 'Twas not a cannon-ball killed Jack,'twas only a report. « A gun-shot wound he'd got, yet lived fresh laurels still to win ? For they had got the bullet otU—BO rail the bulletin; Then back he came his bride to claim, and hastened to espouse her, |And ever happy afterwards lived Jack andMolly W' Bowser. 