ST. BARNABAS, RED HILL. The new Church of England building, on the Waterworks-road, Red Hill, dedicated to St. Barnabas, situated a little beyond Mannion's corner, was formally opened last night with a choral service The church was crowded in every part, and the clergy present were the Ven. Archdeacon Dawes, and Revs. C. G. Robinson, Manley Power (of Christ Church, Milton, the parent parish), George Hall, and D. Ruddoch. The building, which has been erected entirely under the superinten- dence of Mr. John Stack, is of pine and hard- wood throughout, and is 57ft. by 30ft., the chancel proper being 15ft. by 10ft. There is a small vestry and porch, with bell-tower above it, and the seating accommodation, which is very substantial and comfortable, will give room for about 200 people The land, which is the site of the church, cost about £160, and the building about £600 with all fittings, and about half of that sum of £760 has still to be collected. A well-toned bell, cast at Sutton's foundry and hung in the belfry, was the present of the Hon. J. R. Dickson ; Messrs. Pettigrew and Son gave the pulpit, which is prettily constructed in pine and cedar ; the Rev. Manley Power presented the cedar altar table, and Mr. T. Woodcock (one of the trustees) the chancel carpet. The lighting at last night's service was excel- lent, and a large choir led the numerous hymns with telling effect, Miss Gilder pre siding at the organ. Mr. Power monotoned the shortened form of evensong, and Mr. Robinson read the lesson. The archdeacon followed with some selections from a form of prayer setting apart the build- ing for sacred purposes. He then preached from Acts iv., 36-"Barnabas, the son of consolation," commenting on the life of the saint, who was said to have been "filled with the Holy Ghost," and urging those present to follow the advice which Bar- nabas gave to the people, that they should "with one purpose cleave unto the Lord." A collection was made in aid of the building fund, and the proceedings terminated with the pronouncement of the benediction. 