THE TAN-A KG LI (JA -V CONFERENCE. TO THE EDITOR. OF THE HERALD. Sir,-Tho result of tho above meeting will bo looked for- ward to with great interest by many thoughtful Christians, lt may bo regarded as one of tho signs of tho timos, and likely to lead to something more than a recognition of non- conformist ministers, who, it is well known, havo been geuerally regarded as inferior to tho Episcopalian clergy, but without a shadow of righteous authority, originat- ing in tho unholy alliance of Church and State, which must sooner or later bo sevored for ever, there beiug no Scripture warrant for such a union. Every good subject is ready to give duo honour to tho Queen, but not as hoad of the Church. That would bo an error of the gravest character. The Church of England, so styled, is simply one of tho various sections of tho Church of Christ, of which He and Ho only is tho living hoad, tho creator and sustainer of spiritual lifo dwelling in tho heart, of ovory truo member, with whatever sect ho or sho may bo in visible connection. Tho long-cherished notion of apos- tolic succession-for it is nothing moro than a notion it is to bo hoped will in the advancement of truth be abandoned, for in name only can it bo said over to havo had nn existence. Tho Apostles, by tho inspiration of tho Holy Ghost, had the knowledge of tho Gospel impa'rtod to them, and wero sent forth to pro- claim it, and that knowledge first hy pen and ink, and subsequently by tho art of printing, has been handed down to us of tho present day, and nil required i¿ faith to muko that Gospel our own, a record of which can bo obtained in a clear and legiblo typo for a penny. In this Hook wo road, "One is your Master, oven Christ, and all yo aro brethren;" and again, "I nm among you as ono that sorvoth." , Tho sonrm.cuts here' would hardly justify tho flattering appendages to tho names of officials in connection wi! h tho body in contradistinction to what aro tormod the laity, a word not known in the Scriptures of truth. Conservatism and Kitualism are predominant features in theEpiscopaliondono ruination, but what is simply material, howevor beautiful as a work of art, cannot in any way conduce to tho salva- tion of a soul. Our Lord's gracious invitation to all is "Learn of me, for 1 mu meek nod lowly in hoart, nnd yo shall find rest to your BOUIS." On acceptance or non- accoptance of " this invita- tion hangs our presont and future destiny. I A right knowledge of God, iu whom is eternal lifo, comes alone from Him, foretold by tho prophecy of old, " Thy j children shall bo all taught of the Lord, and great shall bo 1 the peace of thy children." I tako it for granted that tho , primary object of the conference is tho advancement of tho I Kingdom of Christ, and if that object bo attained, there will be trreat reason for thankfulness that Buch a meeting tool: place. I »tn, &e;, A NONCONFORMIST. 