AN INNJCKEN p ELOPE MENT. ir h, E. HOLAHAN. A winter gloaming, but soft and groy. A 'srec:b of eastern conntry open ai wooded, high and low, level aRid broken, beautiful in unmmer, but just now deeply hilden beneath a mantle of now, and above it hanging a domo soow-laden. A faint western wind stirring the orchard's great desolate heart, and filling i:s aidles with uncanny whibpera. From an invisible somewhere gaOnt shadowas stealing forth and reaching out their cold, bare arms to'darkly embrace rambling, o!d-fnshicned homestead mansion. Ever unuioding and ganiing volume a. they approacoed, those spectral shades silently stalked into a quaint, low-ctlled apartment before wbhoe open charm of a freplace stood a young girl. She was in appsarance almost a child, slim as a youthtful tamrack, and graceful, with a face sweet, round, fresh, daintily tinted, but hardly up to the classical ideal f beauty. A faca tenderly, temptingly, daringly lovable, yet wondroos sad, withtl, in its present repose Rid flames suddenly broke from a snsouleringlog. Scarlet arrows, with Rem. brand: tffact, pierced the encroaching dloom, forcing its retreat and u4fly kistod that girlish faoe, these dreamy, veiled eyes, and two little hands idly falling down andligntly clasped before her in an attituode of ccon soioos grace. tier dress extended high to the warm throat and,loosely confined at the waiet by an arti lti knot ofribbon, fell straight down to her s'im feet in folds of oft white cash mere. With that halo of light upon her, and under the spell of deep thought, she re rembled strangely the cuaren image of a devout, raps young saint cut from Caerat iarble, or the mlnietara of an introspactirv Aphrodite inParian glone. No wonder a man coming up the val paused jlst outsiie the wirdow an inoetnu with bated breath then ilowly resumed his way with something very like a sigh cf As if his glance had pierced her armour c' C3lm : ' I wish it wal over,' she mormnred, Prossing her small fiogers close together in an agony of self restraint ; then soddeal, lceging them apart with a passionate gesure or I wish I had never come, or that I was dead, or that-bh. God ! how I wish- Bat-bah 1' a smile of contempt drooping r saweet lipped mouth at tbe corners. Wht se to with! On, this gnawing ipinat my heart I This burning drynces of ny eyes. To morrow, on somo prelexs, I Mubt go home, else I shall go mad; but to. aight--' Ay., to-night I What of it ? Coold @be only have foreseen the events in the darkness of that night, would she have conoted on the marrow thus! The banging of a distant door, then the ond o someone pproacning. An iitials bar heart stood still with a Tagne, indefinible hope, a wild, yearning fear. Conld it be Panl? Paunl Granleigh, her iousin, her king among men, yet wao In a few hours would be the hbosband of another weoan! Ah, no, she had seen him ride away in the earl gloaming. When he returned to his ancestral home well, abe would not be here. Like a thing caught in guilt, she glanoid hurriedly around for an avenue of escape, as .a tep-Rick'a-sounded in the corridor autlide. A firm yet light step, and presently the door was fang ajar, admitting a tall younn man, and with him a frotly breath from the oster world. B Rehold, our steeds pranoe at the door. Has-e to the wedding,' ha cried grandilo quently. Tnoen, as his pleasant eyes skli in that Role, silent occuopant: * Tr-L.' -*- I- ward, *you, look like a great wax doll constructed after the GCrerL' Where on earth'-a man's usual tecff at women's aristie drees-love-'did you fid that babyish affair?' She shot him a glance of overwhelming That babyish affair was found at Red-i ern's, and acst dad more money than your elf and your prancing steeds are worth, Sir Ignorance. Come, that' a good boy -in sweet, langhing tones-' fetch my wraps from yonder sola, and-' 'Oh, no hurry!' flinging himself into a chair near. 'The governor, your respectrl onele, and the lucky nire of yoar humb;r ervant, is still .wearing over an aggravatins iravat. I heard him as I stole past bi oom. As it is nearly six bours to mid-. By Jove, old man !' his eyes »sddenlv liltin t a t II form in the doorway. 'Ejacled, bh What's np' His brother slowly entered. * I forgot my pares, and-well, you know n0s cannot expect to do Earope on his wedding tour with empty pcaetl I' with a ow, mirthlees laugh. 'I left it to my room in ome pilce. Will you fetch it while I warm np, Errie * Well, seeing it's yeor night of doom, yes bat'-with a heart free ILagh- yon're polliqg mighty long face, old man, for a po spetive rroom. Cheer op. Life is shbort and full of bhanoes. MU belle will be in a dence of a temper if you d-n't collivate a happler look for the altar.' When the door had closed upon him, Paul uroed to his slim, whit-fsaotd eonsin. * Lt me look at you,' he axolaimed, deoouring her with his dark eyes . ' Here where we have been to happy togethar, let us part; and after to-night it will be best or both if God never lets me see yourtempt n fasoe aganl.' Thrilling nd abhilling alternately. hbe tood before him voioeless and motionless ndser his intense passionate eye. ' You do can,' he coOtimoea meebanioeily. Inoer dreamt you did until to-night. I aw you through the window, and I-I read oer taes. On, Trick. Trick I It only we had inst earlier, when I wass free. and you - 'Hosh ' she eried padonatrely. 'Are on buns to tortor f od loDl ht mto!' rtge me. I-I am mad, Ithink, Geod-bys Es turned aesteadily to lease the room. ie pased, and eomiong bah stood before se. His fas was calm, bhot somehow eggeseive of flerees reslraint Hs was a trong man with strong passions, and osMselng an Iron will to cootrol them. ' Will you stig for me that song you sane hen fort yoo eams to visit nut' he a'ked. I have a presentimert that it will be the st teme I shall ever hear your voiee, and I want to remember it. It were a pity to lor gt she sweetest thing one ever beard, would t not. little one!' A dry sob rose in her throat. Breatrix eelyna was obildith in appearance only. Choking down her mtiery she turned to he piano sear. Qaiseringly at first her asweet voie rome, hen went steadily on ti the end. *Ti. tltl so btre thseds b>ht aod dseed to bloe, st tll l r' w tbhe children of the hasther aod thb wi'd: booth or ar Iarosm hon, ob,'H ill for yedn a oat shs broom s bltowieg bnw Is that north conmaM '" 'I'mafraid yon'll havs to do Europe on rust, old man,' exaolimed B!ek. enterinog. I can't fiod your " filthy lcre I' 'I will go and had it myself, hes.'tnrBing h e atood on the threshbold. 'good-bse,' he aid ' It beginlso aenow. BSee tbat Beatri i well wrapped. Errio.' Then b was gone, and Trick thinered, *'l be b amend if he isn't more fit for a ansati'o aynm than a bridal tear.' erarhbled UIck. 'Weu. I san Imagins pleasanter esilions than earrying the pog dog, »ad eaaisina the easaesm of my nature sister-in tw. can't yon. conain shn?' Irick male no retnrn in words, and was rtangel llelnt during the lIng drive to *rtea Pias. It was a whim of thI whimsloil, wealthe hrids that tbhe marriage shoaold be performed t maldnisht, bat Os their arrival dancing wa i prorees, abl t tea i o'sl'ook Biek earsr to his etUlin. t There ?.ta a somewnat ,trobled look on his pleanant face, - 'I have a meeasse-a telegram for yeo,' hb whiepercd. 'O o of our servanta jaut brcnedo: at over. Cameainto thoconeervatory and read it. It was from a p:ominena doctor in. New Yark : l' cur father dangecrously ill. Come im mvdi,tely if you would seo him olive.' With a low cry bhe lifted her eyes to Errio'e face. Sae swayed, anO would bare fallun bad not s-meono caught her, It was 'Paul. She hardly heeded, but Errie briefly cxplained. *I willdrive her over to the station,' he said. ' We ean catch the midnight train.' SVery well. There is no ane eptahing:aboul it: it would bat create a dis:urrcance, and I can eaely explain afterward. Hitch Black Blse into my catter, Erric, quick as possible. Sue is a safe animal.' A few micnt's late.r, wrapped in forate the eyes, and nearly distracted, Triek was lifted itu:o the waiting cotter. Errie was about to ao:ompany her, when his brother called him aside, and both returned to the house, only one returning a moment later. Even through her anxiety she felt grieved. Way had Prol so coolly parted with her? IPushing to her eyes the tears froze there. She had no deeire to apeak, and Errti apparently was in the same mood. itEouly and tedioualy toey drove against the ever ineraaeig storm, Wilder and more feri us it became, deeper and more drilled the now. ' We shll never get there ' cried Trick, wildly. 'I; mu-t be near midniht tow I' And her tortured mini went back to the mansion 'oog t.,?f behied. It a few minulte Paul would ~e married, perhaps Perhapr he was married already. Blhind her in trw 1.- the migahthaveobeen of happiness. Before-God, what was before!? Hr.beloved f.ther B ask Baee had e'ood still as if bewildered. Through a grove near the wind moaned in painful accente. 'Are we lost, Eric ?' hbe criei. 'Why don't you spek ? Why- ' He leaped hote:r the c:ater and went quickly lorward. Bal B?se st1ak quivaring in her tracks Peecntly he returned to her side and stood hire, the wind howling and driving abou' thmr both, the snow falling fast and meter. It is eueless. W usea go no farther: she bas lost the road.' he said. At the voice Trick etteuad a cry and tore the veil from her faos, 'Paul I ahe cried. 'Where is Errio! Why did you do this mad thing !' ' Rioanse I was mad I wanted to re you, to say a last word before we parted-forgive, ForEive me' ' Where is Erric!' 'L eked safely up in the cocakroom notles shey have liberated him before tnie'--gi ly. ' Wnat will you do ?'-dazedly. 'Yea cannot be back by midnight to-' ' I had not intended to. Indeed, I am not more I ever intended going hark at all. But a marrisac oan be postponed, a death cannol. I knew if it were possible for anyone to get you to Zadwck in time for the midoighe express I could. I have failed'-lighticg a match to see his watch-face, and speaking ta a kind of bitter despair. 'It is half-past welver, and,' he continced passionately, 'I am glad I am not married-glad I am witL yoe, darling, come what may.' ' ush I Oh, what will I do? What on I do? What will they all say of me?' ' They will not dare say a word of you ' fiercely. ' I-I wish we would both die here tonight. We would at least be together! No ono sald part us. But although it is wild and stormy, it is not cold, and there is no such lnok as freezing io etore for us.' 'Yeaou maot go back,' she cried wildly. 'You must ga back. I command it. Take Black Bees, and leaveme here. You have arcnged me enoodh already. I forbid one etaying here now. Go, go l And pray God I may never look upon your face again.' All his mad entreaties were of no avail She only rc;olree and bade him leave her. How that long night under the shelter of an ornv.tOr. l .ear was spenot arink i?velyn .erer foreot, hot always ebuddered when the epoke of It Bat after what svemed an eternity she thoognt ehe heard vo!octs e ling at a great dietacce; then down she went into the darkness of death. A month later, In her father's New York house, she reclined on a Eoooa, very pale, wan. and frail, but with a look of content on her sweet face Her father had buh just left the room when a servant ushered in aoetaer man co?e otherethae PauiGtanleigh. but, from the awfu-l events of that awfal night, the ghost of hi former celf. Wath a bhlch. Trick held out her hand, ; then, as be gladly took and held them in hie, ^are: into a storm of teare. 'And tory thought we had eloped-that eona's illness was only a trick.' she said later. ' It they had found Erria b fore mid n ght-before Miss Eaton, in that fit of oaner, married her mu'io-master, how dif. ferent it would have hoeen fr us.' ' Perhaps It woold, and spoiled our liver, my pet'--sof ly. ' Sweetheart, I shall always hb-k I was mad that ig-.t, and,' be con cinued, softer yet. ' blt'- m, madnes l' 