SPORTING. THE TURF. Th® last forfeit for tb» T.R.C. -St. Leget and Atcol Yale Stake becomes due at U i.m. to-day. Northern Jockey C.ub races, vrbioh wero com menced yesterday will be concluded to-day, and a meeting of the Goulburn Trottlmz Club Is down for decUlou at the same time. Avery «atiafactory list of entries was tnaao on Wednesday for tho au;atau raeotlng of tbe A.J.O., nud it is grutl'ylng to know that more than tbe ordi nary amount of iuterest has been taken in the fixture by Victorian horeeownt- ra, Tbe total uumber of entrants la 618 against 617 for tbo autumn of 1887. and thiA toe, notwithstanding that tho Plaoe Handi cap has not yet closed. Mauy prominent names, are bowerer|aiU4tug, and among them may be mentioned Cardigan, but there re such clinker In the list as ArMiiab Niagara, ThoAustreUnQ-Fucr. Algertao. Spade Guinea, Knhude, lloorbouse. Trident, Aborcorn, Creo brook, Carlyon. Ke.sou, Dnnlon, My Lord, Ben Bolt, Ac,, so that there need be no fear as to the re- suit. Oceana was yesterday withdrawn from tho A.J.C. St. Lrgcr.J Hntrioi close to-morrow for Gundaroo Jockeyf Club handicaps. .Mr. John Pcole has donated a seven-guinea trophy to the Cowra Jockoy Club and v. ho oommtttee have determined to let U accompany tho Two- year-old Stakes prize. 'ihe Hon. J, Whito's ch c Try on, by Roblarea Crutoe from W'alruk, has been added to the list. Duration ha added another victory to his already long lUt by Appropriating tbe Bunbury Plate, Western Australia, on February 18, Metal runuiog him to a bead ; and on the second day the next big handicap fell to tbe bid of Telephone, from Duration. These two are tho property of the same owner, and as noth ing else starred on tbo second day their race" vraa not Tory Interesting. The well-known croci- country horseman William Cliifucy Bticonmbfd early lu the week to consumption. After an illness extending orer many mouths. He was ono of the best BtecpNchMO riders in this culony, but ilko others In hi profession he received many fails, and It is generally beliovea that the last ona bo was treated to and whloh wiwon tho old Liverpool course, formed the groundwork of the malady which caused bis demise at an early ago. Tho four days' Autumn Mooting of tbo Victoria Racing Cmb, In vrhich- so much Interest is centred, will bo commenced to-morrow at Flemlngton. ' Tbat disappointing customer, The Quoeu, baa been c delighting the Plemlngioa early risers as she has so often done those at Randwlck with "flash" gallop, aod la credited with having yesterday acconipllsea <Do of the best three-quarters of the season— viz., Imln. I74sec., but as sho bos signally failed to uphold in public what she bos been responsible for In private comparatively little notice was taken of ber record. Tbe rumor with ro<ard to Mitrailleuse hoe been nrorcd devoid of foundatlou, aud sho ho® created a Jarorablo impression. At lira lust Nice (Prance) Race Meeting tho run ning of .Northampton It. the Prix do Beaulleu was considered suspicious, und tho stewards disqualified tho owuer, Mr. K. B; Barnard, aud tho jockey, Grimes, und warucd 'thom off the course. Tho owner ap period. Tbo principal jumping event at tho meeting. Grand Prix ue Mounco (steeplechase). 800 sovc., inlicv was won by Priam, a son of Mandrako and . I'kcwlH, carrying 9sc. lllb. Tbo executive of tbe Glen Inncs Jockoy Club hnv Isiuoj u very pretentious programme for-the April raco lueatfug, aud It Is made up of so many enticing prizes ibal the fixture nan hardly fail of being a suc cess. Tbe different itutns are Welcome Handicap, kOU sovs. ; Bachelor's Bag. Aloe Plate, 176 sors. ; Fare mors' Purse, iS sovs.; Plying Handicap, 46 aovs. ; Auction Makes, 60 aovs. ; Cup, 3uu sors. ; Beardy Handicap. 40 sove. ; and Publicans' Gift, 76 sovs. Tti» outries for tho priucipal handicaps close on the tSad Inst. . ihe American sporting man, Mr. 0. J. Hamlin, re-, contlv refused 30,Qlhhlo . for the trotting inare Bello Hnaihn, by Almont, Juwr.— 1 Toy, which claims a re cord of 2inin. 13fec. The offer was made on behalf of several Cuban buyers. An .Kugllsh jockey of tho old school, named J. Thompson, who was warned off all racecour »iar back, as 1874 for pulHug Itaedcer to the io -r-'n . Vp. - tudllers' belling Plate at ijMwloh, hoe, aft . r- .vt .'f trouble, had bls seutenco remitted. < An important beitiug case whs decided t since before blr Thomas Chambers, Q.U., the City of London. A person named I - ..ue i W. C. Bell and W. N. Crozler, betting a; 6s. lid., balance of acoount as between j". >i agent, for certain bettiug commission -fy.'-;. '-'j defendants under plaintiffs laetruotlr- .'v. had placed fonr picas on record:- ' v debted. 3. Not plaintiff's agent, I- - The Betting Act. 4. That he wf aialmod tbe sum of £35 for moneys . v': : < tiff had a number of butting tra . ,v. . fendanis, abd although sometii Vv: 4 feudants had not putftheirrulo lr <.-v, to settllug'ou ih6' following 7 the bets standing. On Septum' >, - debtcd'£l9, and three days '-t. > ' foudauU,;" Canyou lay mo £10 - < ' - ' Lager?" The reply w-« ye? . received a lettert requcstln - money he owed. lie tbon w. V . >T cheque enclosed," but-it we not enclosed. He then lef v t)' till the evening of the fet. _ £ ceived several letters anc' N prise that the cheque 1 .. t - r . .v threatening to 6orat«h h ' owing woe not paid by Aad was run. His wife, lu „,H11 finally received a teleg- : s. ilt ,tJ. declared off.' The defer t .. . V . ihnla claimed as' principal r M" 'after question having turr r , - , '..V - .nlaln- a brief consultation. ... i-t tiff, ou tho grounds his lordship oertlfl/ ... « th Jmuoh 7IUir5 theLSm- Spirit, aod have fav mha . hardy Grand Pri' woft #i?h addca money U , . , j, Turin, M Jeo Prize of Teb« wttk'e eepltalot J»to, nee courw »i Hu- - i " - . avo been taken U1'i'lio will 1 .< .nton, trainer at " Newraorko ..lied, and In It he buqucu ' u . .id J. W. Laurence all bis br ' Jvostock. Brook l. . V.j ' icttlo. Sight Mile snd Fav . '. have-Seen re- IfiStl'ffe" , ' ' \ Tho . ... i. v Britannia, hai been struck on" gne btukes. Mr. D. . w . ' ; xstlug of Blairgowrie, Junius, Bow - vyt; .'o-yeur-olde, havo been transferred frou, !i'. ' .d's to Mr: W. Kelso'e stable, where thoy -w . sin till about the S8IU lnsL, when they are to bt. jred for sale by, Mr. T. ti. Glibborn. During their suy at Mr. Keiso exhey will not be put Into work. Guienlal-brod horses have again been distinguishing themBOlvea in India. At the Morufferporo bky races, held on January 18 and 21, Gipsy, list - 71b., wou tno raco for Assistants' i|oraes as well ae the Maiden Fiato, and ToroUllgnt uud Kxohaugo won between them tha AH Horses and bwcond-olasi Horns' handicap. At Caloutta Golriflmler, IJst. 10ib., annexed the Tally ilo I Plate of Es. 1600, beat ing Mustard, Harvester and Miss Blanch, aod Bob wu successful for Lord Bcrcsford in tha LIUputiaa . Stakes of tu.2oOU. Following this came Albicoro'a victory, with 10.it 131b. in tho Wetter Handicap, among bis opponents being Bassanio and Hupella and subsequently the English-bred mare Viturba, 8st. 31b., owned by tho Maharajah of Durhuogah, scored- an easy win lh tbe Metropolitan Stakes Ks.7U00, run over three-quarters of a mile- Sparkle 76t. Mlb. and Boa Aeord, Ust were second ana third respectively, whllo Kstnoad, Ascendancy, Cupola, TiuiQtheus, The Ghost and I'rluius wero among the unplaced ones. Nero us, 8t. 31 b„ had another easy .. win iu tbe Selling raco. The Metropolitan StalfU winner was purchased in Kngland by Lord W. Berss- ford for her present owner. Australians were also euo cessful at the Calcutta meeting. Utauloy, lost. 81b, opened tho ball by annexing tue Belling Hurdle race and was afterwards bought in tbr fls.3500, which mear a handsome profit to the club, as his selling price Ks.7UU .aud the stakes Ks.COU. Lord Harry, 7st, & t> aud Campanile, Bst., both bred in Kngland, were aud secouil for the Hooghiey Plate, among those be hind thorn bclug TT iotlietu, Mistral. Albloore, The Ghost, Ksmond uud Beta ; but la the Merchanti'Oup, ki.ifiu/, Spurkle, 7at. 7lb., beat the Kngliih horse Fitzwililam, &st.; 131b,, and thus scored auoth' vio- tory for Australia. Bou Accord, 8st. lib, JNdqulne. 7s'.. I3)b., as well as Myall King, lUst., were boluded In the list of starters. The last-named ft o» not quite himself, and it is said tha , excepttnghim, the aotouial-breds just now iu India are well aijh run off their legs. A trial survey is being made for an extortion of tile line of tramway from tbe itedfern Urn to oonneot with tbe ItauUwlok Racecourse, with the 4>jeot of re Bering the traffic on ruco and holidays. \- Tho . good sportsmen of Lltbgow arrln the. field again with an enticing card of events fo' decision on Bt. Patrick's Bay, and metropolitan bortoowaers will probably find more tuan oue of tho Jtens worth going for. Tho bill couslsts of Opanlug Haiulcap, 30 tors. ; , Belling Plato, Su sovs. ; Autumn Haudcap, 30 sovi. : Plying Handicap, 30 sovs. \ aud Forcel Handloap, 10 , , son., and retries close on the lUtl Inst, with the secretary, Mr. G. Glout. It is uot alone in Kngland and Ue colonies that welshers are meeting with their d»serts, as one was 7 recently coarloted in Calcutta, peaking of him, th Planters' Gasstte" says i— Martin, the Calcutta welsh er, may ccbslder himself as burn under a lucky star to get off with six weeks' rigorous imprlsoa- meut ; but next time one of his kidney Is caught we hope the pubic will give hi in a souud hiding ere bundiug him over to the police." . Tbe Wonga' stud, was sold on Wednesday in Mel- bourue. Nouhea was disposed of to Mr. fJugbc for SOU guineas, Ad a bay colt by Napoleon — Miss Jock- . too to Mr; Jrome for 100 guineas. 