REVIEW. THE EARL OF LVTTON'S WORKS. . It is more than 30 years since the Hart of Ljtton, lately Governor-General of India, and now Britiih Ambassador at Paris, put forth bis first volumes of verse, uuder the worn de plume of Owen Meredith, As tbc son of Bnbrer Lytton, he would hare been sure of a favorable hiaring, br.t be preferred to rest on bis inde pendent merits and let the works make their own way. Although the crop of authors was not so abundant as at present, " Clyteinnostra" and " The Wanderer" attracted no great atten tion. Albeit, all true critics could discern the rare beauty and music in the poems which hare never been ezccilcd by bim in later days. However it may be with prose, it is doubtful whether the poetic faculty improves the age, except iu the case of a lofty genius like Miiton. As a general rule, yearning and enthusiastic young men and maidens cool down into sen sible patera uud matrons and their romantic dreaau are replaced by prosaic realities, in daily life it is desirable that this should be the but it is a state of affair less likely to produce thrilling poems than the more imagi native stage. Lord Lytlon is no exception to this rule. Three yearn ago, iu bis ripe halt cen tury of honor and prosperity, he published the metrical romance of " Glenaveril.'' It contains a well worked-out theory, much good verso and sound thought, but not one lino that can stir the heart like the passionate music of his earlier songs, when the young soul, "striving under the infinite pressure of things,' "oppressed with the Pathos of Being, and the " bale of life's frustrate desire," found tfcat All attempt to explore Willi ourtu'i fluite insight heaven's Infinite gladness li balllcd b/ aomctbiitg like infinite saUuess. " The Wanderer" consists of a collection of short poems, evidently thrown off as the spirit moved the writer, with alternations of pathos and cynicism. It is full of beautiful passages, one of the tenderest being the "Apostrophe to Night"— Kuric of an ailing world, beloved night, .. . Our dsTiure-lxetiul cMUlruu, weak to bear A little paiu ; they' wrangle, wound and fight 2 Jiaeh other, weep and siukeu and despair. Thou, with thy Motherly hand that heaielh care, Stillest our little uoise, rebukest one, hootbuth auother : blaiuuit tasks undone The ireaUest faded hope, aud tc&chetU; prayer . » Thine is the mothcr'i sweet hush-hush that stills The fluttering of a plaintive heart to rest. The cynicism is most apparent in the poem "Babylonia," which represents the revolt of a man's higher nature against the convention alities of the world. Fall well Z kuow that, before It came To Inhabit tbu lecble, fulterlug iraiue, 11 y soul wu« weary, and over since then It bus seemed to ma, in the stir and bustle Of tula eager world of women and men, That uiy life was tired before it beguu, That even the cuild had fatigued the man, Aud bruin aud heart hare douo their part To wear out sluevv nud muscle. H Yet I am a part of the things I despise, Since uiy-lile is bouuu by their common span, And each idler 1 meet, or iu street may pass, liath within him all that without him belles, The tnlrucuioua infinite heart of man, With its countless capabilities. The sleekest guest at the general feast, That every aip an he sups says grace, liath in him a touch ol the untamed beast,' And change of nature is clmugo of placo. Tie judge on the bench aud the scamp at the Sock Have in tbctn muchttiat is comuiou to both ; LscU U part oi the parent stock, And their dilferunee comes of their different cloth. Owen Meredith's first continuous work was u Lucile," a novel in verse. After the flood of "shilling dreadfuls" with which we are in undated in the present day, it is delightful to tnrn to the old hook, with its melodious metre, exquisitely-conceived story and thoughtful re flections that have lingered in memory for many a year. It ib scarcely worth while to gire the plot. The beauty lies In the telling, iu tbc description of the noble Comtesse de Nevers, beloved by men, but missing the love of her life, yet working out the happiness of the one alone she could care for, and proving a 3 saviour to his sweet young wife, and a9 "Sister Seraphine " the deliverer of his son. It is a picture of such grand unselfishness that one longs to lift one's own nature to the same high level. The characters of the men are not equal in power. Possibly Owen Meredith did not take so much interest in men as in his women, though that of Cousin John is natural, and a capital commpnsense foil to Alfred Vargravo aud the foreign Duke. The society air of the whole is pleasant bocausc written by a man belonging to the world he describes, and not iu the snobbish style of those who see it from a dim and very impossible distance. Alfred Vargrave, one of those versatile men whose life is spoiled by want of earnestness, and who Tot iclf'comfort appealed To a cynic deuLil-of all he concealed In the lustiocts aud feelings belied by his words. I is ubout to marry a bright young heiress, when a note from the Comtesse de Nevers, to whom he had been engaged in early years, brings bim in contact with her ouco more. Thence arises the struggle between the old love and the new, through which she pilots bim to the path of duty. He marries Matilda, the golden- haired heiress, but there is little love betweea them until ruin and poverty draw husband and wifa together. He ends a very different man from the pleasure- loving blase who says— VTemaylive without poetry, music and art ; We uiuy lire without conscience uud lire without heart ; . We way liyc without friends ; we may live without books. But civilised man cannot live without cook9. He inuy live without hooks — what is knowiedgo but grieviug ¥ Be may live without hope— what Is hope but de ceiving? He may lire without love— what is passion but piping? But where is the man that can live without dining? The interview with Lucile is exquisitely described. He bad left her ten years ago a loving girl, her face faded with tears, who bod neglected herself, Nover heeding, nor thinking That sorrow can beautify only the heart- Hot the face— of a woman ; ami can but impart Its endearment to one that hath suffered. He finds her now In the sumptuous blaze Of that soft second summer, "more ripe than the first, and with the qniet self-confidence of a beauti ful matured woman. He would have thrown his new engagement to the winds, but she restrains bim, and they talk calmly about old j ' times till the Duke de Louvois is announced, . .. having come to make bis proposal, which is re jected. T Over Alfred Vargrave comes the regretful conviction that in throwing away tho love of . Lucile, in those years gone by, be has missed the grand possibilities of life, and the fifth . canto opens accordingly with one of the finest passages iu the book : , " Many'a the slip," Hath the proverb well said, " twixt tho cup and the How ulo»t should we be, have I often conceived, we really achieved what wo nearly achieved I e but catch ut«the skirts of the thing wo would-be, Aud fall back on tho Up of a false destiuy. -o It will bo— so lias been »luce this world began 1 And the happiest, noblest and best part ot man is the part which ho never hath fully played out, ®r the first and la. t word in life's volume is— Doubt. The face tbc roost fair to our vision allowed face wo encounter and lose la tho crowd. The thought that most thrills our existence is one illiieh beforo we cau frame it in lauguage is gone. Who can sit down and «ajr. " What 1 will be I will ?" Who sun I up ami affirm, What 1 was 1 am still J" a ho is It that must not, if cpiestloued, say, " What ' I would liave remained or bccomo 1 am not V We are ever behind, or beyond, or beside Oar lntriusie existence, for ever ut lndo And #tck with our souls . . And to most of us ere we go down to the gravo Aire relenting accords the good giltvre would have. =? though by some strange misdirection lu late, iae good gut wheu it cojucs. comes a moment too k . late. . . : The description of the Duke de Louvoi's passion and jealousy is most powerfully told ; nd,after the marriage of Vargrave and Matilda ha3 been accomplished the little by little > estrangement is quietly pictured. Then comes the young wife'o silent sorrow when Lucile crosses her husband's path once more and the baffled Duke revenges himself upon Vargrave, whom he behoves to bare been tho cause of V tto Countess's rejection of him, by whispering Prison in Matilda's car. She is saved by A Lucile, who3tand as friend to husband nod a wife, and in the end even the Duke's ficrcq, im- , pulses are turned to good. Throughout erery | canto there .is a running vein of reflection, : icrnetimes satirical, such as the following ! I know, arc vain, frivolous, false. 0 l know tboy care more for a riband, a waltz, 1 x,at the opera, a new moire antique s i.iau for science. Philosophy, ethic, or Greek. s - i >-tnvr tijoy arc silly, deceitful or worse ; /if . iiojuucvlru uly Rpiiefui, self-willed or perverse ; i niow they have weak heart aud obsiiuate wills, v 1 auow that their logic la not Mr. Mill's ; \- sxnowthut their conscience, thank Heaven, is not .V mlue, j\ I1 th«y cant about genius, but caimot divine jj. iu exlitcucc, till all the world points with the hand. ;r; . . But despite of all this, aud despite of much ; / more, 4 / Jbnow 1 would rather a hundred times o'er, Ia cquislte tufaut, whose duty "t" z? _ t0 fIr and whose soul Is your benuty,' i!' #oUe ro® Iur or one kiss from your L One pressure vouchsafed from your fuir finger-tips, l hftn weur all the laurels that "ever with praise Impaled human brows— even Dante's browu bays ! In the very next page comes the beautiful passage, a tonic to those whose heart is failing them because their life-work sceuis a failure, or meets with no earthly success a>'"7the life, in the ilting it, skvora of worth ; That lb itued, ju tJif doiug it, reaches its aim ; ihat the f-.-oi has a value apart from the fame ; That a deeper delight, in the r».«ro labor, pivs, Scorn of k'i.er delights and laborious days."' Aud there is a reflection aptly expressed on the advantage of these who read in soino choice edition, the song which the poet in bit- ternoFs wrote, for they— Brat the poet, ar.<l uotihly boat him, in th:s— The jov ot th- genius is theirs, while they mDi J lie grief of the man : Tuan/s touj— not hi madness! DuntTt dreams— not his waking to exile and saaners! MUtou's mu.tic— but not Miiton'a bliiiduess V The flu&l; canto shows the natures of two men of the world developed to their highest through their unsuccessful love for one pure woman, and what is at first sight a mere love- tale ends with an exposition of the noblest mission oi a woman of genius, whose power is, like Ladle's, To sweetly infuse j nrough tiiu sorrow and Bin of earth' rejiitcrcl curse The olcs-ing which mitigates all." And the moral — for moral there must be in everything, though one does not always want to taste it— is : IfMiost Iotc. Inmost sorrow, Hune-it work, fur the day, honest hope for the marrow; Are these worth nothing more than the hand they make wear/. The heart they have saddened, the life they leave dreary llush 1 the sevenfold heavens to the Toice of the spirit Bcho : He that overcometh shall all things inherit. The publication of " Lucile" was followed by that of " Tannhauser" and " The Fool of Time," which, though containing much good work, have not kept any lasting place in literature. Then for a time Lord Lytton seems to have laid the pen almost aside until resumed to write the life of his fathor, which is the only important prose work undertaken by bim. Two volumes haTC appeared, which are intensely interesting, the first aa giviug Edward Bulwer'a auto biography and childish and school days , the second as showing his literary life and tracing the conrte of his friendship with Disraeli. A third is in course of preparation, and a notice of the work will be more suitable when tho whole is completed. One charm of the book is tho evident affection — that most manly of emo tions, the love of a son for a parent— which ap pears in each page. It would be well for every man, when he must be be-written of, if he could secure a biographer with such tenderness of tonch 1 Alas 1 most great men are sadly mangled by their friends, their foolish re corded and grand left out, and the striking wheel of their inner mechanism mistaken for the mainspring of their deeds aud worde. In 1885, when the cares of the Indian Governor-Generalship were over, the new poem of " Glenaveril" appeared. It is published in six books, each containing four cautos of about 70 verses. This is rather an alarming amount to tackle, but the story flows on so smoothly that it is almost aB easy to ruu through as an ordinary tbree-volumer. The plot is a well- worn one, the old device of changelings being resorted to, but it is used only to prove the theory of inherited qualities and instincts, which will appear in spite of the influence of adverse environment. The keynote of the whole is given in the third verse — Long ere the cbild bath left its mother's knee Tbu web of the man's character U spun ; Tliosu future path au liviug eye may »ce' Kre life's beginning were by Tate begun ; Ami all tho living do uud nil thej be Proceed from what the dead have bceu or done, Tor Pate bus no finality on earth. The heir to vast English estates, the young Ivor Glenaveril, and the son of a German pastor, Emanuel Miillcr, are born in the same house on the same day. In the confusion con sequent on the death of the father of one and the mother of the other, the babies become mixed up and the pastor's son sent to be brought up as an English nobleman, while the real lordliug was delivered over to a German fraulein to be reared for the service of the Lutheran Church. In spite of every influence to the contrary, the supposed Glenaveril exhibits the thoughtful, scholarly tastes of a divine, and cannot bo brought to take ''his place in the world, while the ' boy bight Emanuel Miillcr upsets all tho notions of his maiden aunt by his lordly and euierpnaing spirit. With much dare the Inherited physical tendencies of each boy are .traced and the developments wrought out with the skill of a philosopher. A warm affection exists between the two, and at last Glenaveril, tired of the exactions of high rank and the worship accorded to him as lord and not as< mats, pcrsiiades'liia frieucl to tako his name and station for a time while ho travel incognito as Emanuel Miiller, little knowing that, instead of reversing, he was in reality righting their positions. The true Glena veril is killed, according to a fatal prophecy that every member of tho race shall meet with a sudden death, and Ivor re solves to let the earldom go to the next hem while he lives a quiet liio of poverty and work for human buings. In this ho is upheld by Cor delia, bis fiancee, who, on the principle that Luviug ojo iu eye belovcil are awitt to seuruh out liccretj, has diriucd the real state of affairs aud resolves that they two together will take tbc humbler yet nobler walk iu life for which Ivor is by nature designed. Thus heredity triumphs over accident and environment, the pastor ancestors dominant in the grandson compel him to continue their mission of peace and work out the self-sacrificing thoughts of dead men gone. It is an appalling theory which thus runs through the book, aud the same as that embodied in Holmes' " Guardian Angel." If all the bygone ancestors' thoughts and deeds live in each descendant, sometimes past evil and sometimes past good striviug for mastery in the complex nature of every child, what a terrible responsibility parental life be comes 1 Also, what double purpose it gives to every effort for self-elevation ! Each low instinct conquered, every noble aspiration ful filled, and power developed becomes thus an actual family posseasion, tending towards the spiritualisation of the whole human race. A yet more recent work by Lord Lytton, entitled "After Paradise," appeared a short time ago, dated 1887. It contains mauy touches that remind one of the" Wanderer" and much that is beautiful and rathor intangible. Milton aud others have told of Adam and Eve up to the period of the fall, but Owen Mere dith continues his imaginings into that sad time beyond the gates of Eden when the man, bidden by the Archaugel ;to go forward, re plied:— ' I cannot. "What thou canst thou knowm not," The Archangel uruwered, M for thou ban not tried; But vrul is heucelurth mau's earthly lot, And wbat he must he can do."' Shuddering, Adam crouched low at the Archangel' feet And cried— Whate'er 1 mnat be aud whate'er I can be. aid, oh, aid me, to forget What I no longer may be 1" The gift of forgetfulness is granted to bim; he is allowed one more leok at the lost Para dise ere the remembrance fades for ever and becomes— a dream. But now and then come flashos of memory, Like an Inward voice that spoke Of things which have on earth no uttered name i And these rare moments Adam deemed hU best And called them all tho Poetry of Life. In tbc woman'a eyes there lingered a reflec tion of what they last looked on, and there Adam vaguely saw vague seaoblances of Para dise And that lost gleam of Eden's light that still, Dreamlike and dim, in his own beingdwelt. And this reminiscence of Paradise u supposed to be revealed in every woman's gaze, in which man sceini to see what he has lost, and pursues it with the passion now called Lore. Iiatber unfortunately for Mrs. Adam, man's memory of woman, as she was in Paradise, waa not blotted out— And there, too well Bcniombercfi, with her beauty' phantom gleam Mocking him, moved the Ere of Paradise— Immeasurably fairer than the Eve That walked by Adam's side with sullen sighs And faded cheek— condemned like hlra togrieTe And to grow old ... . An earfeuly woman, with a woman s weakness, A.WQUiau'9 faults. Bather meanly, it seems, Adam made com- pariion between the faithful partner of his faultful days and that imagined woman, and wheu be died he bequeathed this longing for an unattainable beauty to his descendants, who 'called it The Ideal." And Mankind Still cherish it, and still it cheat thctn nil ; Tor with the Idval Woman lu his mind, Still each doth discontentedly compare The sad 3ociat« of bis earthly lot ; And still the Earthly Woman sceras less fair . Than her Ideal imago unforgot. . It is this "Ghost of Human Loveliness " which, age by age, men hare essayed to fix for worship and delight, seeking their ideal every where, striving to embody it in picture or verse, and this quest, moving " thro' human action, human thought and, most. of all thro' human love," is that which gives iife to art. The legends of " The Elephant and the Ass " are decidedly amusing, and also the general account of the kindliness of the animals who strayed out of the Garden to find their lost lord and did their best to comfort him until Eve i began to nse their skins for garments and thej became suspicious of her. They thought it a scandal and a sort of sin that their wool should thus be worn by limbs not theirs. " Let each defend his skia," , They said to one another. This was the firt jar between man and beast and as at the Serpent's instigation Eve grew more and more vain, aud like modern ladies took to "many a plume and tuft of brilliant dye," enmity usurped the place ot affection and has never siuce ceased. Dress has caused so much diisensiou among human beings that one is scarcely surprised at the idea that, possibly, it was the original cause of all discord. In the same legend is given the Serpent's view of woman's mission, which in his opinion is not to help and heal, but to get the upper hand at last in every department of life, and then Avenge, tho' she disown, Tue Female, her forgotten ancestress. In tbo volume are several other pieces, on o of them, " Prometheia," being supposed to refer to the freedom of the press, but how it is a little difficalt to make out, except that pos sibly 41 Prometheus" may represent the press, which, often chained for over-boldness in steal ing the fire of would-bo gods and applying it to the use of the general mankind, has now been set free. Another poem, "The Strangers," con tains eome exquisite thoughts, which show that, in spite of the grand surroundings of his owulife, Lord Lytton had 9ome sympathy with "pains nnpiticd, all affections unfulfilled, and sighs and tears and smiles misunderstood," and with those who lo that wide strangeness unrejected rest, Thu world's roieetfri atrancers.' AUSTRALIA. 