uTiROZEN PIRATE gj CLAitKE ETJSSELL, 4 The "Wreclc of the Grosvenor,5 Ladf Maud,' 'A Sailor's Swect- heait,! Bte- CaiyrEE YIH. — (Goxn:ru3TD.q I cannot express to you how the very soul -ithin mo 6hrank from putting to sea in the rttle boat There was no longer the support cf the excitement and" terror of escaping a pl-nti-ng vesseL- I stood upon an fdand as solid as laud, and the very sense of "ftMiritv it imparted rendered the "boat an abject of terror, and the obligation upon me ;0 punch into yonder mighty space as fright- ijaa a sentence of death. Yet I could not but consider that it would, he equally shock- ijy to me to be locked up iu this slowly (tumbling body of ice — nay, tenfold more iodaiig, and that, if _ I had to choose between the boat and this hideous solitude sure starvation, I would cheerfully accept fifty times over again the perils of a aarigition m my tiny ark. This reflection comforted me somewhat, and abilst I tlms mused I remained standing rith m>" eyes upon the little group of fanciful f» nes and spires of ice on tlie edge of the abrupt hollow. I had been too pre-occupied to take close notice ; on a sudden I started, siuazed by an appearance too exquisitely p.ffoct to be credible. The sun shone with 5 fme wliitc frosty brilliance in the nortli- some of these spikes and figures of iee fleeted the radiance in several colours. Iu places where they were wind-swept of their jpovr aud showed the naked ice, the hues irpre wondrously splendid, and, mingling tjvra the sight, formed a laud of airy, raiii- b >w-hkc veil that complicated the whole con jugation of white shaft and many-tinctured rake, the marble column, the alabaster steeple iato a confused but most surprisingly daiuty aid sinning scene. It was whilst looking at this that my eye tracc-d, a little distance beyond, the form of a ship s spars and rigging. Through the bbvrmth of the ice outlines I clearly made ®t two inasts, unth two square yards on the i-reiuast, the rigging perfect so far as it treat, for tlie figuration showed no more than bull the height of tlie masts, the lower parts it-uig apparently hidden behind the edge of be hollow. I have said that this coast to the north abounded in many groups of Kautiful fantastic shapes, suggesting a great ranety of objects, as the forms of clouds do, kit- nothing perfect ; but here now was something' in ice that could not have boon completer, more symmetrical, more faultlessly proportioned had it been the -work of an artist. I walked close to it, and a little way around so as to obtain a clearer view, aud tnen getting a fair sight of the appearance I halted agam, transfixed with amazement. The fabric appeared as if formed of frosted jLass. The masts had a good rake, and with a seaman's eye I took notice of the furniture, observing the shrouds, stays, - backstays, braces to ho perfect. Nay, "as though tlie S'Urit artist of this fragile glittering pageant bad- resolved to omit no detail to" complete iliO illusion, there stood a vane at the mast head, sinning like a tongue of iee against the sift blue of the sky. Come, thought I, re covering from my" wonder, there is more in this than it is possible for me to guess by smnng from a distance ; so, striking my polo into tlie snow, I made carefully towards ihc odge of the hollow. The gradual unfolding of the picture pre pared my mind for what I could not see till the brink was reached ; then looking down, I beheld a schooner-rigged vessel lying in a sort- ol cradle of ice, stem-on to the sea. A man baulked out with frozen snow, so as to make Ins shape as great as a bear, leaned upon the rail with a slight upwards inclina tion of his head, as though he were in the act ot looking fully up to hail me. His posture was even more life-like than that of tlie man. under the rock, but liis garment of snow robbed Mm of that reality of vitality which had startled me in the other, aud the instant I saw Mm f knew him to be dead. He was .the only figure risible. The whole body of the vessel was frosted by the snow into" the glassy aspect of the spars and nggmg, and tlie sunshine striking down made a beautiful prismatic picture of the Blent ship. &he; was a very old craft. The snow l.-al moulded itself upon her and enlarged with '.t spoiling her form. I found her age iu the structure of her bows, tbe headboards of riuch curved very low round -to the top of the stem, forming a id nd of well there, the ; anerpart of which was framed hy the fore- i, cistle bulkhead; after the fasMon of sliip- ; lidildmg m vogue in the reign of Anne and i the first two Georges. Her topmasts were : standing, hut her jibboom was rigged in. I could find no other evidence of lier people tavmir snugged her for these winter quarters, o -which she had been manifestly lying for Jtars and years. I traced the outlines of six ; small cannons covered with snow, hut resting . Willi clean-sculptured forms in their white : coats ; a considerable piece of ordnance aft, \- Sid several petararoes or swivel-pieccs upon . Ihc- after-bulwark rails. Gaffs and booms . Vcre in their places, and tlie sails furled upon item. The figuration of the main hatch : flowed a small square, and there was a com- pamon or hatch-cover abaft the mainmast. : Here was no trace of a boat. She had a £ fiush or level deck from the well in the bows i ti B fathom or so past the main-shrouds ; it then broken by a short poop-deck, Siuch went in a great spring or rise to the stem, that was after the pink style.- -very and tall. . Rough I write this description coldly, let it not be supposed that I was not violently agitated and astonished almost into the belief ttat what I beheld was a mere vision — a phenomenon. The sight of the body I Simrned did not nearly so greatly astound Fe 08 the spectacle of this ice-locked schooner. | It teas easy to account for the presenoe of a feci man. My own situation, indeed, \- nciently solved the riddle of that oorpse. the ship, perfect in all respects, was like , 8 stroke of magic. ' She lay with a slight Mat t-r inclination to. larboard, but on the whole ; jwrably upright, owing to the oorpulenoe of ' Hie hollow or ravine that formed . , kr bed went with a sharp incline under her . ; «n to the sea, which was visible from the p of the cliffs here through tlie split in tlie ' yjf- Tlie shelving of the ice put the wash the ocean at a distance of a few hundred ' il schooner ; hut I calculated that ' uscl s actual elevation above the water- Jj® > supposing you . to measure it with a . r rnnnnet up and down, did not exceed twenty tf!', B0 much, the hollow in which, she being above twenty feet deep. TeiY evident that the schooner had isi ears gone by got embayed in this iee when .v w far to the southward, and had in course s & le been built up in it by floating s n®®- For how old the ice about the poles v Jj.be who can tell? In those sunless i j u '".die frozen continents may well possess 1 j-'Tmty of the land. And who shall . methe monarch who filled the throne of . "tela when this .vast field broke away from main. and started on its stealthy nariga- 600 sunwards ? Cillpteb IK. — I Lose hy Boat, j. fingered, I daresay, .. above twenty fesSI f cntemplating this singular crystal 4od1i1 a aad considering whether I hat b her and ransack her for iJ. ,Vcr might answer my turn. But elie ; jr.80 udrldy secret nhder her wliite garb, Jfpc was something so terrible in the r motionless snow-clad sentinel -1 Sled 6ane upon the rail, that mv heart -ri and I -v®y . easily persuaded myself i-! first, it would take me longer 1 I n i j search her than it was proper 'H Stond f awaF rm the boat ; that, M lad tiff 15118 scaroe to be supposed her crew , torr anJ" provisions in her, or that, if -T tnj wre-vera> they would he fit to eat; I trmlj my boat was so small it 'I h to put into her the most \- >1 1?-aer that was not essential'to the | hon of my life./' ' : t<> have nothing to do. with i tody ®patldiiig febricj. I started-fbrithe ' "i isto .the rock, and, with SOme pain A the ioe being Tery jagged, . j «tit ' deceitful to the tread, amved Nothing hut the desire to poesess the fine "warm cloak could have tempted me to handle . or even to cast my eye upon the dead man . again. I found myself more scared by Mm ' than at first'. "His attitude was so life like that, though I knew him to be a corpse, . had he risen on a sudden the 6urpri.se of it . could hardly have shocked me more than the , astonishment Ms p'osture raised. As a skeleton he could not have so chilled and . awed me ; hut so well preserved was his flesh by the cold, that it was hard to persuade myself he was not breathing, and that though he feigned to he gazing downwards) no was not secretly observing me. His beard was frozen as hard as a bush, and it crackled unpleasantly to the movement of my hands, which I was obliged to force under it to unhook the silver chain that con fined tho cloak about his neck. I felt like a ttecf, and stole a glance over either shoulder, as though, forsooth, some strangely-clad companion of liis should be creeping upon me unawares. Then, thought I, since I have the cloak I may as well take the watch, flask, and tobacco-box, as I had before resolved ; and so I dipped my hand into his pockets, and without another glance at his fierce, still face madfe for the bo.it. I now noticed for the first time, so over whelmingly had my discoveries occupied my attention, that the wind had freshened and was blowing briskly and piercingly. When I had first started upon the ascent of tlie slope, the wind had merely wrinkled the swell as the large bodies ran; hut those wrinkles had become little seas, which flashed into foam after a short race, and the whole surface of the ocean was a brilliant blue tremble. T came to a halt to view the north east sky .before the brow of the rocks hid. it, and saw that clouds were congregating there, and some of tliem blowing up to where the sun hung, these resembling iu shape and colour the compact puff of the first discharge of a camion before the smoke spreads on the air. What should I do 1 I sank into a miserable perplexity. If it was going to blow what good could attend my departure from this island ? It was an adverse wind, and when it freshened I could not choose but run before it, and that would di'ive me clean away from the direction I required to steer in. Yet if I was to wait upon the weather, 'for how long should I be kept a prisoner in this horrid place ? True, a southerly wind might spring up to-morrow, but it might be otherwise, or come in a hard gale ; and if I faltered now I might go on hesitating, and then my provisions would give out, and God alone knows how it would end with me. Besides, the presence of the two bodies made the island fearful to my imagination, and nature clamoured in me to. he gone,' a sum mons my judgment could notresist, for reason often misleads, but instincts never. I fell again to my downward march and looked towards my boat— that is to say, I looked towards the part of the ice where the little liaven in which she lay had been, and I found both boat and haven gone ! I rubbed my eyes and stared again. Tush, thought I, I am deceived by the ice. I glanced at the slope behind to keep mc to my bearings, aud once more sought the haven ; but the rock that had formed it was gone, the blue swell rolled brimming past the line of shore there, and .my eye, following tlie swing of a fold, X saw the boat about tliree cables length distant out upon the water, swinging steadily away kito-the -south, and showing and disappearing with the heave. Tlie dead man's cloak fell-from my arm ; I uttered a cry of anguish ; I clasped my hands and lifted them to God, and looked up to Him. I was for kicking off my boots and plunging into the water, but, mad as I was, I was not so mad as that ; and mad I should liavc been to attempt it, for I could not swim twenty strokes, and had I been the stoutest swimmer that ever breasted the salt spray, the cold must speedily put an end to my misery. What was to he done ? Notliing ! I could only look idly at the receding boat with reeling brain. Tlie full blast of the wind was upon lier, and helping tlie driving action of the billows. I perceived that she was irrecoverable, and yet I stood watching, watching, watching ! my head burning with the surgings of twenty impracticable schemes. I east myself down and wept, stood up afresh and looked at the boat, then cried to God for help and mercy, bringing my hands to my throbbing temples, raid iu that posture straining my eyes at the fast vanishing structure. She was the only hope I had— my sole chance. My little stock of provisions was in her — oh, what was I to do ? Though I was at some distance from the place where what I have called my liaven had been, there was no need for me to approach it to understand how my mis fortune had come about. It was likely enough. that the veiy crevice in which I had jammed the mast to secure the boat hy was a deep crack that tho increased, swell had wholly split, - so that the mast had tumbled when the rock floated away and liberated the boat. The horror that this white and frightful scene of desolation had at the beginning filled me with was renewed with such violence when I saw that my boat was lost, and I was to be a prisoner on the death-haunted waste, that I fell down in a sort of swoon, like one partly stunned, and had any person come along and seen me, he would have thought me us dead as the. body on the hill or the corpse that kept its dismal look-out from the deck of the schooner. My senses presently returning, I got up, and, the rock upon which I stood being level, I fell to pacing it with my hands locked be hind me, my head sunk, lost in thought. The wind was steadily freshening ; it split with a howling noise upon the ice-crags and un equal surfaces, and spun with a hollow note past my ear ; and tlie thunder of tlie breakers on the other side of the island was deepening its tone. The sea was lifting and whitening ; something of mistiness had grownup over the horizon, that made a blue dutoess of the junction of the elements there ; but though a few clouds out of the collection of vapour in the north-east had floated to the zenith and were sailing down to the south- west heaven, the azure remained pure and the sun very frostily white and sparkling. I am writing a strange story with the utmost candour, and trust that the reader will not judge me severely for my confession of weakness, or consider me as wanting in the stuff out of which the hardy seaman is made, for owning to having shed tears and been stunned hy the loss of my little boat and slender stock of food. You will say, ' It is not in the power of the dead to hurt a man ; what more pitiful and harmless than a poor unbnried corpse?' I answer, ' Trne,' and declare that of the two bodies, aa dead men, I was not afraid ; hut this mass of frozen solitude was about tliem, and they took a frightful character from it ; they communi cated an element of death to the desola tion of the snow-clad island; their presence made a principality of it for the sonLs of dead sailors, and into their lifelike stillness it put its own supernatural spirit of loneliness ; so that to my imagination, disordered by suffering and exposure, this melancholy region appeared a soene without parallel on the face of the globe, a place of doom and madness, as dreadful and wild as the highest mood of the poet oould reach up to. By this time the boat was out of 6ight. I looked and looked, but die was gone. Then came my good angel to my help and put some courage into me. 1 After all,' thought I 'what do I dread? Death? It can but come to that. It is not krng ago that Captain Rosy cried to me, " A man tan die but once. . Hell not perith the. quicker for eon- templatinj his end with a stout heart.'' He that so spoke is dead. The worst is over for him. "Were he a babe resting upon his mother's breast lie could not sleep more soundly, be more tenderly lulled, nor. be freer from such, anguish as now affliots me who to life, aa if this — this,' I .qried. Inciting around me, ' were a paradise of warmth and beauty. I must bo a man, ask God for courage to meet whatever . may betide, and stoutlv endure what cannot be evaded.' IK) not smile at the simple thoughts oi a poor castaway sailor. I hold them still to be good reasoning, anjl liad my ; flesh been as strong as my spirit they had. availed, I- don't doubt. BntI was chilled to the marrow: ; the mere knowing that there was nothing- to eat sharpened my appetite, and I felt as i£ I had hot tasted food . for a .week ; and here, then were physicial conditions -which broke ruinously into philosophy and staggered siligious trust.' .. ; My mind went to the schooner, yet I felt . an extraordinary roooil within me when I thought of seeking an asylum in her. I had the figure of her before my fancy, viewed the . form of the man on her deck, and the idea of penetrating her dark interior and seeking shelter in a fabric that time and frost and death had wrought into a black mystery was dreadful to me. Nor was this alL It seemed like the very last expression of despair to board that stirless frame ; to make a dwel- j ling-place, without prospect of deliverance, 1 in that hollow of ice ; to become in one sense as dead as her' lonely mariner, yet preserve all the sensibility of the living to a condition he was as unconscious of as the ice that enclosed him. It must "bo done nevertheless, thought I ; I shall certainly perish from exposure if I linger here ; besides, liow do I know but that I may discover in that ship some means of escaping from the island? Assuredly there was plenty of material in her for the building of a boat, if I- could meet with tools. Or possibly I might find a boat under hatches, for it was common for vessels of her class and in her time to stow their pinnaces in the hold, and, when tlie necessity for using them arose, to hoist them out and tow them astern. These reflections somewliat heartened me, and also let me add that the steady mounting of the wind into a small gale served to reconcile me, not indeed to the loss of my boat, hut to my detention ; for though there might he a miserable languishing end for me here, I could not but believe .that there was certain death, too, out there in that liigh swell and in those sharpening peaks of water off whose foaming heads the wind was blowing the spray. By which I mean the boat could not have played in. such a wind ; she must have run, and by ruuning have carried me into the stormier regioiis of the south, where, even if she had lived, I must speedily have starved for victuals and perished of cold. Hope live3 like a spark amid the very blackest embers of despondency. Twenty minutes before I had awakened from a sort of swoon and was overwhelmed with misery ; and now here was I taking a collected view of my situation, even to the. ' extent of being willing to believe that on the whole it was perhaps . as well that I should have been liindercd from putting to sea in my little egg shell. So at every step we rebel at the shadowy conducting of the hand of God ; yet from every stage we arrive at we look back and know tho road we have travelled to he the right one, though wo start afresh mutinously. Lord, what .patience hast Thou ! I turned my hack upon the clamorous ocean and started to ascend the slope once more. "When I reached "tlio brow of the cliffs I observed that the clouds had lost their fleeeiness and taken a slatisli tinge, ' were moving fast and crowding up the sky, inso much that the sun was leaping from one edge to another and darting a kcenand frosty light upon the scene. The wind was bitterly cold, and screamed shrilly in my ears when I met the full tide of it. The change was sudden, hut it did not surprise me. I knew these seas, and that our English April is not more capricious than the weather in them, oidy that here the sunny smile, though sparkliug, is frostier than the kiss of death, and brief as tlio flight of a musket-ball, whilst the frowns are black, savage and lasting. I bore the dead man's cloak on my arm and helped myself along with the oar, aud presently arrived at tho brink of the slope in whose hollow lay the ship as in a cup. Hie wind made a noisy howling in her rigging, hut the tackling was frozen so iron hard that not a rope stirred, and the vane at the mast head was as motionless as any of the adjacent steeples or pillars of iee. My heart . was dis mayed again by the figure of the man. Ho was more dreadful than tho other because of the size to which the frozen snow upon his head, trunk and limbB had swelled him ; and the half-rise of his face was particularly startling, as if he were in the act of running liis gaze softly upwards. That he should have died in that easy leaning posture was strange ; however, I supposed, and no doubt rightly, that he had been 6cized with a sudden faintness, and had leaned upon the rail and. so expired. The cold would quickly make him rigid and likewise preserve Mm, and thus lie might' have been leaning, con templating the ice of the cliffs, for years and years ! A wild and dreadful thing for one in my condition to light on and he forced to think of! . My heart, ns I have said, sank in me again at the sight of Mm, and fear and awe and superstition.' so worked upon my spirits that I stood irresolute, and would have gone back had there been any place to return to. I 'plucked up after a little, and, rolling ux> the cloak into a compact bundle, flung it witll all my'strength to the vessel, and it fell cleverly just within tlio rail. Then gripping tho oar I started on the descent. The depth was not great nor the declivity sharp ; but the surface was formed of blocks of ice, like the collections of big stones you sometimes encounter on the sides of mountains near the base ; and I had again and again to fetch a compass so as to jgain a smaller block down which to drop, till I was close to the vessel, and here the snow had piled and frozen into a smooth face. The ship lay with a list or inclination to larboard. I had come down to her- on her 6tarboard side. She had small channels with long plates, hut her list, on my side, liove them somewhat Mgh, beyond my reach, and I perceived that to get aboard I must Beek an entrance on the larboard hand. This was not hard to arrive at; indeed, I had but to walk round her, under her hows. She was so coated with hard snow I could see nothing of her timbers, and was therefore unable to guess at the condition of her hull. She had a most absurd swelling bilge, and her buttocks, Tiewed on a line with her rudder, doubtless -presented the exact appearance of an apple. She was sunk in snow to some planks above the garhoard-streak, hut her tines forward were fine, making her almost wedge-shaped, though the flair of her bows was great, so that she swelled up like a balloon to the catheads. She had some thing of the look of the barca-longers of half a century ago — -that is, hulf a century ago from the date of my adventure — hut that which in sober truth a man would have taken her to be was a vessel formed of snow, sparred and rigged with glass-like frosted ioe, the artistic caprice of tlie genius or spirit of this white and melancholy scene, who, to complete the mocking illusion, had fasliioned the figure of a man to stand on deck, with a human face toughened into an idle eternal contemplation. . Un the larboard hand the ice pressed close against the vessel's side, some pieces rising to the height of her wash-streak. The face of the hollow was precipitous here, full of cracks and flaws and sharp projections. In deed, had the breadth of the island been as it was at the extremity I might have counted upon the first violent commotion of tlie sea snapping tliis part of the ice, and converting the northern part of the body into a separate berg. I climbed -without difficulty into tlie fore- chains, the snow being so hard that my feet and hands made not the least impression on it, and aimewhat warily — fetl'ng the govern ment of a peculiar awe, mounting into a sort of terror indeed — stood awhile peering over the rail of the bulwarks ; then entered the ship. I ran my eyes swiftly here and there, for indeed I did not know what might steal or leap into view. Let it he remembered that I was a sailor, with the superstitious feelings of my calling in me, and though I do not know that I actually believed in ghosts and apparitions and spc-c trams, yet I felt as if I did ; particularly upon the deck of this silent sMp, rendered spirit-like by tbe grave of ioe in wMch she lay and by the long years (as I could not doubt) dining which' die had thus rested. Hence, when I -slipped off the bulwark on to the .deck and viewed the ghostly, wMte, lonely scene, I felt for .the 'moment as if this strange discovery of' mine was not" to be exhausted of its wonders and terrors ;hy the mere existence of the ship — in' other words, that I must expect 'something of the superiiatnral to enter into this iey sepulchre, and be prepared for sights more marvellous and temfying than frozen oorpsas. ; So.I- stood looking forward and aft ..very gwiffljv and in-a way I daresay that a spec tator would hare thought laughable enough ; nor was my .imagination soothed hy the clear, harping, ringing, sounds of the wind seething through tlie frozen, rigging— where the masts rose above the shelter of the sides of the hollow. Presently,' getting the better of my per turbation, I walked aft, and, stepping on the poop-deck, fell to an examination of tho com panion or covering of tlie after-hatch, which, as I have elsewhere said, was covered with snow. (to be continued.) 