LIKE AND I UNLIKE. By M. E. BRA.DDON, Author of "Lady Audley's Secret," " Wyllard'a | Weird," &o;,, &o.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserred.] CHAPTER XL.-(Continued). " That ia all past and done with," said Madge gravely. "lam very sorry that ycur marriage ended unhappily ; bat there ifl a long life before you yet, I hope, and there must be something for you to do in it. And now I must see after my patients. It is tea time. Shall I make yoa a cup of tea ?" She went to one of the presses, opened it, and began to take out cups and saucers, and little crockery teapots, and trajs, and plates. Everything was of the cheapest, but the things had been chosen for their prettiness, and the little trays had a neat and dainty look as those active hands arranged them, each with its spot less linen d'oyley. "Yes, please. I should relish a cup of water from your hand. And my mouth is parched and full of dust after my journey. Think of me as the worst of your patients. Have you many in the house ?" "Every bed is full except one. There is a girl of 19 in the next room dying. If you could hear her story you would know what misery means." She was moving to and fro between the press and the fireplace, filling her little teapots from the big iron kettle as she talked to him. " I need not wait for that, I know the meaning of misery." . "Ah, but not of such misery as she has suffered, a girlhood that has been one long degradation. Think of what it was for that girl to awaken to the first con sciousness of life in the midst of such foul surroundings as decent lips dare not name; to have been so reared as not to know the meaning of sin till she was steeped in it, blackened by it, dying of it. That Is her history." "She is what you call an interesting case, I suppose." "She is one among many. Old and young come here every day pleading for a corner to die in. That is about all we can give yet awhile." " You have done a good deal, I think, in establishing such a rbfuge." "People are so kind. The poor have helped me as much as the rich. Those who have had no money to give have brought me little presents out of their household goods at a sacrifice. This iron kettle was brought by a widow who goes out charing. It was a legacy from a butcher's wife whom she had served for years. 1 It is too good for me, sister,' she said. ' Any little tin tea kettle will do to make my cup of tea.' She kissed the kettle before she handed it to me, for love of her dead mistress." She set one of the tea trays before him, with a little plate of bread and butter, such as she had been cutting for her patients. She rang a bell, and a woman of about forty came into the room dressed in a grey merino gown and a white cap and apron. She looked like a lady, but she was very thin and gaunt, with a pale pinched face and a sad smile. She looked surprised at finding a stranger seated by the hearth. " Sister Angela, Mr. Bdl field," said Madge by way of introduction. "Mr. Belfield is good enough to be in terested in our work, sister. Angela bowed, but made no reply. The two women took half a dozen of the little trays between them and went away to attend to their patients, leaving Valentine to stare into the fire and brood over his past life. He thought of those careless days on the river, with boat, and dog, and gun.; the sheer idleness of fancy which had led him to Madge Darley's cottage ; the hold Ler beauty had taken of him, and his Ecoinful disbelief in her virtue. ;Sndhe row came to this woman in h<s agony, a3 the ot=e woman who could give hita help and comfort, whose Btrong brave soul could inspire him with courage to begin life &new.; And having com9 into thig house of pain, lie felt as if it would ba best or all to stay here for ever, to ba her clerk, her ally, her drudge, only to have the privilege of being near her. He almost forgot his scheme of distant travel, he was ready to grovel at her feet and plead to be allowed to stay with her. She was absent for more than an hour. He empted the teapot, and looked at his watch a dozen times before she came back. "Are you surprised to see me here still," he asked. " Yes, I thought you would have gone back to your hotel This is not a place for you." "I euppoae not, yet you told me if I were in great distress I might come to you lor shelter. I hoped to find the name of your house was not altogether a delusion -The Forlorn Hope. I have no other hope, Madge." " That cannot be true. You have your mother, who adores you," 4' My mother cannot help me to bear my burden. It would blast her declining years, bring her in anguish to the grave, to know the nature of my misery. I want some strong bosom to lean upon ; I want some heroic soul to inspire me with courage. Madge, I have come to you-to you, as the only woman who can shed a r&y; of light upon this darkened spirit. I am a viler sinner than any of your lost sheep. Have pity upon me if you can, Madge, for I am the kind of Binner whom no one pities. I am a murderer !" He clasped her hand in both his own, and drew her nearer to him, looking up at her with despairing eyes, as she stood looking down upon him, speechless with horror. " I killed my wife." " Oh, God !" " 1 had the confession of her falsehood in my hand, her own deliberate declara tion that she had ceased to love me, and that she was passionately in love with another man-that she was leaving me to be his mistress, A pleasant letter for a husband to read, Madge. The ink was wet upon the paper, and she stood there looking at me-beautiful-false to the core. I struck her to the ground. It was only one blow, but it killed her. Between the reading of that letter and her death there was but an Interval of half a-dozen seconds. The ink was wet still, and she was lying at my feet looking up at me-dead." " It was horrible," gasped Madge, " an awful irreparable calamity.-but not murder. You did not mean to kill her." "I will not say as much as that. I think I wanted to kill her-as I would have killed her seducer had he been there-but I was sorry the instant she was dead. The agony of remorse began before that ink was dry." " You should have confessed the truth ; you should have braved all conse quences." " I should. I was a coward and a fool ; a craven to shrink from the consequences of my wrath. 1 had a right to be angry. I forgot how frail a thing she was. She fell like a lilj -a tall white lily snapped in a storm. One moment, my passion had vented itself, and she was dead." And then he went on to describe that ghastly burial of. the dead in the silence of the summer night. He dwelt on every detail, showing how vividly every circum stance of that dismal scene had painted itself upon his memory. He recalled these things shuddoringly, as a man re lates a bad dream which he has dreamed again -and again. "Did no one suspect you 1" " !No one has found me out. There is a man I suspect of being some kind of eavesdropper and spy-a man who is on a visit to her father, and who passes for a gentleman," " You maat not loee an hour ia getting away from England-from Europe-ba yond the reach of pursuit;, if that ba pos sible, Suspicion once aroused, detection might be easy, and then, having hidden your crime, you might seem a deliberate murderer instead of the victim of a moment's passion. You must sail by the first ship that can carry you. Go to Liver pool to-night by the mail-if Liverpool ia the port-and start to-morrow morn ing." " I am in no hurry." " But if your secret were once suspected, to leave England then would look like flight, and only confirm suspicion. Go at once, while you are free to go." " 1 have half a mind to stay and take my chance," he answered thoughtfully. " If you would be kind to me, Madge-if you would let me spend an hour in this room sometimes, hear the sound oE your voice, watch you coming in and going out, I would rather stay in London than go to Africa to look for diamonds and shoot big game. I am not the man I was be fore that night, Madge. When-when I had done that deed, my first thought was to save my neck- to hide my crime and go scot free. I thought life would be th9 same as it had been-the hunting field-. the racecourse-the battue-all the same. I thought I could forget. But when the seasons came round again, and the old spcrts, and the old people-my G-od, what a change. All the zest and flavor was gone. I went about as if I was in a dream, only half conscious of my own existence or the life round me. Wherever I went the same haunting thoughts went with me, and a ghost that would not be laid. Oh, Madge, you are stronger than I-braver, nobler. Pity me if you can, as the strong should pity the weak." "I do pity you, poor soul, with all my heart," she answered softly. She bent over him, and kissed hi3 burning fore head. For the first time in their lives her Hps touched him in love, freely given. (To be continued.) 