THE SEARCH FOR MULLIGAN'S FORTUNE. Dx W. T. PEaxie. Well, ye see, yer honour, Paddy Mulligan tived always to himself-that is, not alto gather, as ye might say, to himself ethoroughly all out, for he wouldn't refuse a aint, or a quart for the matiher of that rom a frind now an' thin, but he didn't walt so encourage much of a resort to hi. lodgin's. Is wasn't because they war in a tbaook ethreet. for be wasn't proud. The dickens a bit of cunsate was in poor Paddy bathe had the name of a hape of money, an nobody ever heerd the jingle of it but him S, it was a sort of curiosity to find out how be was livin', but. 'aunte enough, he kep' al go himself, like a hermit of she mountains whui he was in his top back room. Now and thin ye'd fled him with an odd sbilin', but, like a motherless calf, it was always alone. Paddy seemed to have no relations, or, I be bad, he didn't encourage thei seqnaintsnoee. But there's one thing certain -Paddy was fulntl up of money, wherever oa a th he managed to serape it up. Some say that be dbramin' one night ha found onut where there was a crock of goold bi in the Dublin mountains-that he dug il ,p In She dark and carried it home in a basket ? evered with water-creases. 'Xer basket's ver"-e? ayy-'-aiz a w"..-" _ ost let me look at nothin',' aI the -:? elt.. . Ah, it's only sods for a lark I have in he basket thi morein'.' 'Well, jusnt for a lark, I'll have a look at thim,' seiz the constable. An' whin he seen the goold, Sits down on the diteh here,' it be. 'I'm not goin' to stop in the force-I dona't liks it, and I hate to bean informer, so we'll divide the money an' say nothin.' Paddy ea.uldn't help it, so they squared it an the disch. But that's only a bit of the gossip that got out about him-just becasuse his nelghbours were jealouc. Two or three times he was on the pop of bein' married, but somehow he found out it was the money the girls war dhrivin' at, an' he dbhrew out of the job en a sudden. ' He cheekmated thim,' as Lannigan the wax use to way. Well, tho' be grew to be s party stale owld bachelor, all his money, wherever he kept it couldn't howld the breath in his body An one. mornin' after wonderin' what wa become of him thro' not havin' turned up cnce the day befcr began, a pulls brook open the d?re, and found poor Paddy Mulligan eostthered over the bed, a dead corpse. re. Belly. the landlady, said, 'His sowl must bave tuck its flight in the night.' They had a powerful eareh all over the room for the mcny up in the top back nom. An'afther a terribeis sight of throuble all In the world that they sould some across was four and uinepenee half-penny in th lift-hand calico pocket of his throwsers. The corner brought his inkweetruond-en' vat on Paddy; but paba I They might a well be thryin' to serape the silver ciff th moon. Not a esorap of eahb, or any pape -enisarnin' any deposlt, was found eithe Inside the room or outside the room, This was the quarest thing at all. Wha In the world had become of his fortune Was it took by the fairies ? Or where was it scatlered to at all, at all? He hadn't been robbed, for his windy and ?ure. woar nowlted all right whin he was bond lyin' dead that mornin'. SSome said may be the poiie grushed i into. his mittet., or it might have been -perrlted away be the owld boy; for poor Paddy wasn't all out a complate patthern in aeuard of hbls religious duties. - Be that a it may, we're not goia'-totodge the crasher, now he's gones; butwhat had become of h'e property was one of the dead nayerete of the etbreet where Paddy lodged, Some said the landlady bad put her -mawleys on it, bus sure I knew her well \- asself, for I was ecortin' her, till I threw her uPs he larnin' that she couldn't have stole a flHok of it; an' she died in the poor-house sither. Well, porr Paddy was only jaut put into the ground for about a fortnight, whin a -athranger kem to the house, an' with big tears rowlin' down his nose, be towld Mrs. Xerrigan, the landlady, that be was the last le'in' nephew of Paddy Mulligan, his uncle He discourseed her for awhile, an' towld her be was preperin' for the Church ; an', pick. in' a prayer-book out of his breast pocket, be axed her, with a mournful groan, to be allowed uF to the room where Paddy ges up his ghost, so that he might pray a few prayera for the poor on'ortunate speeit o his uncle. Well, he med sunob a poor month an' was eo out up in respect of wishin' to wave hie uncle's cowl. that the widow couldn't refuse the orather. do she brought him upstairs, unlocked the door, an' let him in. He gave three Irg shurchyard sighs as if hisb heart was bruek. SAn',' sir be, wid more big tears beltin down his nt as, is hbe, ' I don't want to be disturbed, Mrs. Kerrigan, while I'm at me prayers. An', wid yet lave, I'd like to loch meaeself in.' \- To he sure ye may, an' weloome,' sis she. a' she harried off downstaies to answer a knoek that kemn to the dures. Well, be hoppin an' Ihrottin', sure enough be was a quare long time wrstlin' wid his payers, an' the widow was bsgint.In' to get Amipatient ad the taydlous delay he wee amkla'., An' habe was just half-way up the aite when the fet was nearly took ftrm didn't like to be dialurbed, for be was a proud asrt ofe c onstable, an pitin' the coal out of whif pipe, heei' eoted himlf up before her wi th a onsated thrn, an' tew n' the clay i prayers. pipe in his beuzzm, he aed where was thezzm she. listened, an' site heard a whippin' bawl of *'Holy saints In glory save me ! Oh,a unc Ohle, dole't I tell ye efv rod the corner daa to me man tha beeplan murderedagfa to look for yet moneyp ! OOh awce rmarner aliv once, p Mli, ordhr tWirell no abe oly a laughter.' me?' The plis a very dak wnther's night,.olhe orner to Mrs. Kerririan took flho' jumps down tup the stairs, he at hink she'dwl ber agin ther nek ean' hearit win. An' theres, up in the ran outff without her bonnet to ahry an' get a polie' marner, a, bawlin' sarhin' out for the bare life, was tmhe nephew of hie uncle, jammed sideways agin the winsootbt oe hidin' in a hal ye'd tink he was growner, auin' Ia smoke. wasme round, a bollse In ts she b'ard og;t up the the roodhert ofin the hoswall.!' TWhile poll this fees anjd throuble wpipe. asin o• in Mrs. Kerrigan' ahouse, a man belted oudidn't like to e disforhd, ebare was lifeaesprlyyed smight cnsable, an plfekedin' the coal oshirt an'f his pipe, he squared himself op for another I with a conEated t, ipin' stat' h e clay pipe in hie burrow, he axed white was the row. m' saOher, oun't of tell ye backf round thre ofrn a publo house, n bergeant, benme round here. I wanthe to row ye Ce ra d that I've ooplo in a threlp, he holy slalughter.' Thi polio promineded solemnly round the aorner to Mrts. Kerrigan's hoie, an' gain' up The saers, he ut hiwse of a hwdhesportin the dare, s he started off at ease to see the atthunt, an' I suppose wid an' thpererit of kein h' ordffer r ther, bawlian' ut fair pay. bare life, wa the nephew of his untle, jammed sideways spin Up he wainscot up tight that yto'd thik he top was room. His cmpaonion a losked the dre. ' * Look there, sergeat--ye see how I've ootch him,' a At n the soardme momenight op thewas an erhoot of oars bebitowd ther, wall' in the thext rothe ghostm. ofAnd his angin'le over the shehadlf of a pret ino the wall, an ed by a slp of rope to the leg of thile table, was this fe ad throman hand of aa man. Oh, not a word ot lle in it. It was othn in Mrs. Kerri an's double house, a man roelved. ou What's yer nemeooe si eforthe eareant.lyye , Me name la Mtok M'][Hugh.' might' Wellsy, tehalf-nl aboutked, it,' his the serget ant' thrcweatro. An' twin' atouned fer snat~her poliok pointek would havSOme bit, he of dhropped thatn Swar lyin' on the table. the sergeant, wipin' froth ergeant i eWell, I hat fd them loacked up in the of a pliress, bows. Ssure enough, safe a' sound. n'here. I want to show yppi' an' rathin' at I'the back ofin a thrap, pross, I didn't mind it at first, but, begar, Iwhin I heerd somehard coutin' and scoff~in' athro' I'mthe boain'rd, I quiee th tlery nlocked thehim. Com on, sergeant.' ..:".... Thpre, an there seen the light of a sandle ith staro' a bole at nlready madto e thein boord at thean' I supposf the wid a perrit of keep.n' orde If An' afther a while ay h.n was thrust Upthro' the hole Thte robber of the worlp hadk room. His companion unlocked the dote.. only timek to keteh howld of oane of me how I'vey otage, whimn ' put a stopper on his night's work A the grippin' moment tdden howas anof his f at. I hroars beh piecnd the wallof rope in the next room.rd jt And bangle' over sit sehelf of a press in bandyll, an' I tied byhim to the leg of rothe to thable. leg of the tabtle, was the human baud of a m. erOheant, wasn't it ford of tunate in It.h I hap pen ed to be ia so early, or I'd be desthroyed entirely !' ' Butcht where did ye meadge to get d l the Whato's y? name r sixths sergeant. I'd have got me-elf into flamfn' throuble." MeAll ame is while there was great h.'ommotion In the enet room. 'Well, tell s allnow,' aut itsis the sergeant.do you Kickeep an eye to the hand wile of coppers into theat waother lyhouse, an' let it loose whi ie ye the word. 191 just find out who is it owns 'D'ye ethin win up through Mrs. Kerrgant oWell, I han' therem locked up in the other pres a puzzle widenough, safe an' sound. An' I haddy's only ephewd into d, where he was tn I herd wall like a barnaole to a rook. ' Let go yer howld of him, Mick M'Hogh,' roappin'red an' seraeshint, ' natil we bring him presdown I didn't mind It at first, ut, begat, whSoi Paddy's nephew was throtin' anted offin' betweenhro' the twond, I quietly unlocked the pretees, an' tather I seen the light of a adme.le SWhat' a hoave already made in the eardten ae tshaouldnk of th be paressed upon yetsh magistrate.. L * Well, yater a while a rn woraip'aonour, It's throt ibmo' the hole. The robber of the world had onvery simple inketch howregd of how the montthery happgsed. Whin I put a stopper of me nhole's work bdeath, I was ppik' a sure, all out tof hise mfest I had a piet money id somew in here la th roomjust andy, an' I tiinvted him toeus the at g waofs tae' to pSergeant, wasn't it fowtna thathat's in Iory, an'p penwhi I ked tome elf in thso earlye room, fair s'oyed entirely ?' iyt where dappin' the manage to get till the now for ersain," ts Isr; an.' I worked away wid the aso ibel till I cooped out i hole. Me I'd havear got up in mtoe flamath whin' I felt theue.' All moneyIbis while there whi I was great commotion the In the next room.w sure it was the t f 'Well, now,' se that w urdi' the sergeant, 'edo you keepall I havn eye in regad of the hand whole I into thern, other house, an' st it lo whin I gv ye the Well, Larry, yjust find out who is ith forws He thavin Mrs.wint op through Mrs Kern wid yer faln' pse house, ans.' the he seen the ter pli in a S' Thank yer worship,' sis Larry; an' he[ puretired into privnate life for foundr weeks.Paddy's nephewll, thatere was stk in the wall aro fr Mulike gan fortune. to a ookstor.'s made me. 'hLot go yer howid of him. la', M r o'Hrgh,' roared the sergeant, 'until we hrngurim down to Its station.'I Sn Paddy's nephew was throlted nff between the two polis wid burglary an' false preteseat, an' other sartona crimes. What htve ye got to say why sintence shouldn't be passed uopn ye?' -vsic, the magistrate. 'Well, ye seat, yet worship'sahonour, It's all very simple In repaid of how thes matrther ,happened. Whin I heard of ma uncle's °death, I was cook Sure, all ant, that he must have left money hid somewheetorsi the room, an' I savinted an excuse that 1 was guin' to pray for his ponr sowl that's in glory, an' whin I locekd mesatif In the room, fair an' clty, I began tappin' ths wainssot till I kemn to a bells sound. "~Oh, bdedd, I'm all right now for Pertain," sir I; an' I worked away wid that chisel till I scooped out a hbole. Me beaet got up in me mouth whimi I felt theI °moasyyhags: h ut whin I was cattlh in the °uther roam I wan sure It was the ghost of r me unsle that wae geardin' the bags. That's1 alt I have in regatd of itse whole cousarn, yet worship's huonour.' ' Well, Larry. yeu'll go up fursa moath for rdesavin Mrs. Katrrigan wid yer false pre. rCtnoes.' ' Thank yet worship,' six Larry; an' he retired into private life for four weeks. 