DK. T.'S NARRATIVE. Early iu (be present century, haying succeeded to a coui fortab:c, though not extensive, property under my father's; will, 1 was induced to retire from' the medical profession, aud to take a house on long lease called Gravenhurst, charmingly situated, near a pretty seaside village in one of the southern counties of England. My motives for this hiep were threefold : first, my great love of the sea and the country, and my utter detestation of tuwn and town life ; secondly, the extreme beauty of the spot ; and, lastly, the very important fact that I obtained tbe house and grounds at an incredibly low rate, tor the all-suflicient reason that the house was reported to be haunted. As both my wife and myself were strong-minded people with sincere religious opinions, we liad no fear whatever of ghosts, as they arc commonly called, for wc believed most faithfully that, apart from the miracles of Hcly Writ, the sauctity of tfic grave has ne ?er been violated. 'Wo accordingly, without a particle of fear or nervousness, entered upon our new possession, and arc most gratified to find ourselves ?? I-'ar from the iniddening crowds ignoble strife ; ' and clear of the smoke and fog of modern Babylon. The situation of ' Gravenhurst ' was lovely in the ex treme. being seated on a rising ground, and having what Rogers so prettily calls ' ? a* distant view of tlic changing sea.' The house itself dated from the reign of James I., and was originally very large, and, .although much had been taken down, it was vet roomy and comfortable, and full of those odd corners and passages so commonly found in old fashioned dwellings which had been much altered or pulled about. As soon as we were settled and began to know eoiuc of \--ur village neighbours, we found that the ghost story was not only very well known but devoutly believed in, and our incredible looks and nicrrv laughter were always met by respectful silence, accompanied by solemn shakings of lbe head and raising of the eyes, as much as to say, 'Ah ' very well, very well, never mind, you'll soon see for vour .-clf, if you wont believe us.' And it was not without isonie difficulty and from many different sources that we tit last got together the thread of the story of tbe ' Ghost, ' which ran somewhat a* follows: — In the early part of the reign of Charles I. this house, then a tiun mansion with a large estate annexed to it, was t-wued by Sir Roger Woutton, whose father, Sir Gerard, ?«Ms a great friend of King Charles, and whose fifligy, beautifully carved iu alabaster, representing him iu full armour, is yet to be seen in the village church, aud is remarkable for its singular likeness to the king, Ion,; hair, peaked beard, and all. Sir Roger entered on the property at the age of *21, on the death of his father, Sir Gerard, and at once went to Italy, where he. re mained for a period of thiej years, when he returned to his long-cspc'ting tenants, bringing with him a bride, whom lie bad married at 1'adua. Ihe marriage, however, did uot (urn out a happy oue. The change from the bright skies of Italy to the gloom and cloud of England evidently had a very bad effect upon (he lady. She lost her spirits and vivacity, and fell into a settled melancholy, avoiding all company aud refusing to join iu the chasc, or any other of the 'sports or pleasures then usually indulged 'in. This appears to have terribly exasperated the husband, who, instead of endeavouring to 6oothc her by kind words and winning ways, treated ber with harshness and neglect, as lie persisted in attributing her altered manner to the recollection of some former lover, t or whom she was pining, notwithstanding her passionate assurances ti the contrary. As time went on, matters got gradually worse and worse. Neglect degenerated into violence and cruelty, which were not improved by the grossly intemperate habits of Sir Roger, who often threat ened to take the life of his unfortunate wife, when under the evil influence of strong stimulants. One night, after a deep carousc with some dissipated companions, Sir Roger entered his wife's chamber iu a state of mad intoxication, evidently bent on mischief. He found her attended by her ' ' little foot page,' bathed iu tears, with several old letters in the Italian language lying open before her. Glancing at the letters, and then at the lady, iu a state of furious, though wholly imaginary jealousy, he drew his rapier, and rushing round the table, as the ill-fated wife turned to fly, he made a desperate Jungc at her back, driving the sword completely through her heart, thus .killing' her on the spot. Ihe only wit ness to this terrible tragedy was- the little foot page, who had, on the entrancu of Sir Roger,, run terrified into a corner, where, happily for him, he escaped observa tion by the drunken murderer. The story goes on to say that Sir Roger did not retire to rest, hut remained up the whole night with his confidential man-servant, whose character and morale, report said, were far worse than even his wicked master's. What they were doing nobody knew ; but one thing was quite certain, that the lady's corpse wa6 never discovered, and the next night Sir Roger committed suicide by stabbing himself whilst in a state ot frenzy from continued inebriety, and his man-servant disappeared at the same time, with all the money and valuables he could lay hands on. This is the outline of the ' ghost story ' attaching to Gravenhurst, and the, ghost, of course, was that of the murdered Lady Wootton. As I said before, my wife and I, nothing daunted, cutered on possession of our pretty old home, and passed many weeks of delightful tranquillity, undisturbed by any ihiug in either mortal or spiritual shape, until one evening, a silly housemaid rushed into' the drawing-room, panting with fright, and declared shi had fcen a tall lady in a long grey dress pass down a passage leading to ft little- soli of boudoir or study looking into the garden. 1 jumped up and ran to the spot — of course to find, like most ghost hunters, just nothing. But oddly enough, the very next afternoon, a little before dusk, iny wife— although a most courageous and strong-minded woman — told me she had just seen, whilst crossing the hall, a figure of a tall lady in a loug gray dress pass down the same passage. She saw at a glance tfiat if was not one of the servants, and came to the conclusion that it was. verily and indeed the rnuch talkod-of 'ghost.' We looked at each other iu silence for Eoiue minutes, when I said, - ' ' It is a fact, then r' 44 Decidedly so uiy wife replied. ' You don't think you were deceived, dear r' ' Most certainly not. There could be no mistake about it at all ; besides, it was nearly broad daylight ; I saw her plainly and distinctly. But what's to be done *r' j 44 Grin and bear it,' said 4t unless we can exercise her ghostship with bell, book,' aiid candle, according1 to the most approved rules.' But wc reluctantly came to the conclusion that we could do simply nothing but bide our time and keep a discreet silaive. It fortunately happened, however, thai we had not !'Ug to wait. I say 'fortunately ' advisedly, for I had longed earnestly all niv life for the distinguished honour of actually seeing a' real ' ghost with uiy own eyes ; and ray wish was gratified with a completeness that was more than I ever expected, or even hoped for. And here may be noticed the very peculiar uncertainty that, if we are to believe, the best known of nearly all ghost stories, always seems to attend these ghostly visits, this, f-j'.-, viiL'ju! apparently any possibic reason, \--omeiimes we hear ol a ghost appearing week altti *etk : then perhaps il will not be seen again tor many months. . Bold enthusiasts bave been known to watch with exemplary patience, night after night, all to no purpose, when possibly j the much-wiebed-for appearance will occur the very next ] day or nigbt when nobody was looking for it. In fact the . usual rule of ghostly policy seems to be to appear when least expected and to keep away when most desired ! So it was with us at Gravenhurst. After the appear ance to my wife, as already detailed, wc were not disturbed for a period of many weeks by sounds, sights, or anything else, and we had begun to think tier ' ghostship ' hid thought better of it, when one night everybody, including my wife, having long retired to rest, I had been engaged writing up to a very late hour, and was crossing the hall toj proceed upstairs to bed, when I became aware of the figure of a tall lady in a long old- fashioned grey- coloured dress slowly approaching me from the little corridor already mentioned as leading to the boudoir. I stood still, holding the lamp high so as to throw its full light on the figure. The lady approached within six feet of we, and then halted. I could now distinctly sec her features, which were those of a very handsome woman, with beautiful eyes full of the saddest and most beseeching expression, in which extreme terror seemed to be somehow blended with deep sorrow. 'Now,' thought I, looking intently at the apparition; ' at last is iny opportunity : this form'is indeed nothing of this world.' And remembering to have oncc heard that supernatural visitors should fce addressed in tbe name of the Holy Trinity, pronounced in the language of the ancient Church, 1 was just beginning ' In nomine 1'atris ft Filii when the lady, suddenly raising her clasped hands, with the most earnest expression of entreaty in her countenance, turned and proceeded down tho short corridor, looking round more than once, evidently intend ing me to follow her, which I did readily, and without the least hesitation. The figure passed down the corri dor, and into the little boudoir, then stopped, and again turned and looked at me, and then pointing- to the wains coted wall, walked up to it, and disappeared by apparently passing through il ! I waited in breathless astonishment a minute or two, and then retired, but as I passed out of the room curiosity, somehow, impelled inc oncc more to look round. There again, stood the lady, again she points to tbe wain scoat, and again seemed to disappear through it ! What could it all mean r And why those earnest, im ploring looks r1 And why point to the wall aud twice over disappear through it r 1 felt quite sure of one thing— that tbis was the apparition of the murdered Lady Wootton, and none other, which had probably been really seen occasion ally by different persons, and which had been the cause of so much terror, and of so many exaggerated tales. I said nothing to my wife that night, but in the morning we had a long confab together. We resolved to keep our own counsel, and I determined to make a careful examina tion of the wainscoat in the boudoir, for we came to the conclusion that there lay something beyond cr behind that wainscoat connected in some way with Lady Wootton. I now remembered that 1 had often remarked that the north wall of the kitchen did not seem quite to coincide with tho north wall of the boudoir, and that there must be something beyond ; and 1 therefore deter mined, being not a bad amateur mechanic, to make a careful survey and measurement, the result of which revealed the preseucc of a very small room or closet existing behind, or beyond, the boudoir at the very point where the apparition disappeared. The outside angle of the house right up to the boudoir window was entirely hidden by a great mass of very thick and very tall bushes of many vcars growth, and this comer would thus readilv escape observation from the out side. Having satisfied myself of this curious fact, I thcu deter mined— with the help of my brave and energetic wife— to remove the wainscot running- along the north wall of the boudoir, as 1 felt sure that that was tlx' point of communi cation. After a most close and minute examination, the appearances of the wainscot led nic to suspect tbat it was nioveab'e, and after much (rouble, and a good deal of force, 1 discovered that at the snot where the lady had disappeared one of the panels was nuidc to slide on ono side, and when 1 had accomplished this a heavy oaken door, strongly studded with iron uails, was revealed. It at once occurred to me that this was simply the. 'strong room,' built for tlic depositing of plate or other valuables. On raising the latch wc fouud to our astonishment that the door was uot locked, but at once yielded to the vigorous push I gave it, falling back with a sort of grunting roar from the rust}' unused hinges, and exhibiting a wondrous and startling sight withiu that rooted us both to the spot. There iu the centre of the dimlv-lighted room, surrounded by a sort of pale halo, stood the figure of the gray lady distinctly visible to both my wife aud niyself. One hand was held out towards us, whilst the other pointed down wards at something resembling a chest or coffer, whilst the sweet pale face wore the same unutterably sad and imploring look. For a moment only I turned to my wife, but when I again looked the appari tion had vanished ! A cold, damp, sickly smell came out of the room, which debarred our entry at the moment, until a little fresh air had circulated. J, there fore, put the door aud window of the bouduir wide open whilst my wife went to procurc lighbt*, taking care to keep the matter, as yet, quite secret. In a short time my wife returned with two bright lamps, and we resolved to explore this veritable ' mysterious chamber,' little supposing that it would turn out such a genuine 'chamber of horrors.' Holding the lights high we both entered. It was a small room, just 101't. square, and about 10ft. high. The walls were bare stone, and very thick. Two horizontal slits, high up, glazed with stout glass, would, had they been clean, have let in light, but the dirt and dust of nearly 200 years had almost obscured theui. These slits, as we afterwards found, were so ingeniously contrived as to escape observation from the outside, being placed just above one of the ornamental string courses running round the exterior of the house, 'ihe room was totally destitute of furniture or fittings, of any kind, but right in the centre, on the floor, stood an old-fashioned coffer of handsomely-carved oak, of the usual size and pattern, that is, nearly 6ft. long aud about 2ft. deep. Both the great iron hasps were undone, and it was with bated breath that we slowly raised the heavy lid. A wry peculiar smell of damp, dust, and decay issued from the in terior, where nothing was discernible at first but dust, and what looked like a quantity of fragments of cloth or linen. ' Good Heavens,' exclaimed my wife, 'we have found her ; these must, surely, be the remains of the murdered lady ! Quick, let us pull the box into the light.' This was instantly done, as the coffer was the reverse of heavy, and oncc in the boudoir tho bright light of dav soon revealed the fact that the coffer contained nothing but the decayed remains of clothing and mouldering bones of what had once been a living being. A feeling sttougly akin to avrc came over us as wc gazed long and anxiously into the coffer, a receptacle originally intended (according to the custom in those days) for the clothes and other belongings of a happy living bride, but now bccouie the unexpected coffin of an unfortunate and murdered wife— murdered by the cruel, coward hand of him who had sworn at the altar of God to lovB and protect her. '» A great amount of decayed rags, which had oncc been clothing, together with dust and cobwebs, lay uppermost, and these, on being carefully removed almost 'bit by bit, at length disclosed the pcrfect skeleton lying at full length in the coffer. The sight almost proved too much even for my strong-minded wife, who recoiled with horror, retreating to the open window, whilst I continued the inspection. On one side I found an exquisitely beautiful crucifix modelled (as we afterwards found) in pure gold, about four inches long. This was attached* to an equally beautiful roscary formed *«f gold beads and prccious stones. Round the neck was an antique gold chain suspending a little Maltese cross, set with, a circlet of brilliants in the centre. (Jn euch bide of the skull was lying a large and e.nriously-thased antique earring; and on the fieshless finger bones of each hand were rings to the number of five altogether, all gold ana jewelled, including the wedding ring, inside which was engraved— according to old custom — the names of the wetlded pair, 4 ? Rogero e Guilia.' A large and curiously formed antique clasp of old Venetian work, in gold fiiiigree, was also found, with fragments of velvet still adhering to it, which my wife at once pronounced to have been the clasp of a girdle. A ' second and very t-iuatl gold chain of old Venetian w crk was affen- unit: disvovored cticirJiug (be neck, and EUrftflding a tii.-ei medal, ka-iu;. *-n -jii5 tide the head of the Blessed Virgin Mary, and on tbe reverse, sur rounding across, was the legend, beautifully cut in old Lombardic text, 41 tSaiictissima Maria, era pro me.'''' Ibis had, doubtless, been worn under- the clothing, next the skin. J These curious aud deeply interesting relics were reverently collected by nie. and deposited in a place of safety for cleansing and polishing, and the fragments, dust, and litter, after infinite trouble and patience, having been removed, nothing but, the bones remained, which I was specially care ful nottotouch. Wc then completed our examination of the 'mysterious chamber' by the light of the lamps. ' As before stated, it teas perfectly bare— four smooth stone wails, a vaulted roof, and two small slits (high up) for light, a strong iron clamped oaken door, with an immense lock but no key. It was, therefore, clear that our conjecture was right, and that this place, from the massive strength exhibited in its con struction, and the ingenious concealment of the door by the sliding wainscot panel, had originally been intended as the plateroom of the mansion. Just as we were leaving my foot kicked against some thing in the dust of the floor, which, ou picking up, I found to be a thick paper folded together but much injured by damp. This was afterwards carefully opened, dried and cleaned when il was fouud to contain a written state ment, but bo discoloured and defaced that it was only by tbe aid of a professional ''expert' iu such matters, that anything could bo made of it. One thing, however, was Bingularlv clear and well written, and tbat was the signa ture at tiie end of the paper — lio^er Wootton, Knt.' It appeared to be a sort of confession,*. or incoherent state ment, in which the writer bewailed his wicked and wasted life which had brought him nothing but sin and misery, and at last had induced him to take the life of his good and virtuous wife, to whose truth and purity he now — a dying man — bore ample witness. That he loathed his very nature for his cruel and causeless crime, and that he had determined at once to end, by bis own hand, that life which had now become nought but a heavy burden laden with the deepest sorrow and remorse. He concluded by asking those who might find her remains- to have them ' properly intened with the rights of holy church.' The Woottons were an old Roman Catholic family. The strange docu ment concluded by an earnest hope that all would pray for the soul of a deeply contritc suffering sinner, meaning, of course, himself. Before wc had been made acquainted, by the aid of the expert, with the wish expressed for the burial of the bones of the ill-fated lady, we had fully determined to have this done in the Roman Catholic Church of the neighbouring market town by the priest in charge there. In order that everything might be quite regular I couiiuuinicated the facts of the whole ease to the Coroner, and after certain necessary forms -were duly gone through, 1 ultimately re ceived his authority for the proposed interment, which was carried out accordingly with the proper service, and a requiem mass was sung ou the followiug Sunday for the re pose of the soiil of Guilia — Lady Wootton. But a remarkable incident has yet to be related, and that is that once, and once only, did the gray lady tigain appear, and that was in the evening of the day of the burial. My wife and I were sitting together after dinner near the long open window leading to the lawn, when, just as it was getting dusk, we were both rather startled by tbe appearancc of the lady standing iu the window, whilst the same soft pale light seemed to play lound her. But her countenancc was no longer melancholy and sad, but bore a heavenly expression, with a radiant seraphic look ; and tbe exquisite expression of nngelic happiness with which she regarded us both will be rivetted on our memories for ever. Holding out her hands toward* us, she then slowly raised them, together with licr beautiful ryes, to heaven, as if asking a divine blessing upon us lor the Christian a'-t we had performed. Her lips seemed to move, and we both thought wc beard within tho very ' porches of our (Mrs,' softly sung, as by au angelic voire, the uuixls 'Gratias agimus Tibi propter magnum gloriaui Tuuin:' aud, with her hands aud eyes still raised t-» heaven, the beautiful and angelic vision gradually faded away, aud ;-iuce that moment has never again appeared to mortal eyes. [Such is the siugnlar narrative of Dr. T., related in his own simple words. 1 give il, as I received it from my relative, without cumnicut. Those who like may believe il ; thuse who doubt may do the other tiling. G. J5. G. | 