A New Departtire by the Salvation amy. From All te World, a monthly pub lication of the Army, we extract the following appeal by General Booth: "For some time now the starring con dition of great numbers of the London poor has appealed imploringly to us for help. -ot only are there thousands who walk the streets of this great city, with its palatial mansions, abounding wealth,' and costly luxry, not knowing where to find a meal of bread, but there are numbers more who have nowhere to lay their heads save in the shadow of the railway arches, in the recesses of the bridges, or on the seats in the public parks and squares. To help thee? poor, hungry, helpless crowds, for both this world and the next, has long been our earnest desire, but how to do it with the slender means we can command has been the puzzling question. We have now decided to do something towards alleviating this dreadful misery, and have taken large premises in the West India-road, Limehoase, in which we propose to establish a very cheap food dep6t, and also to furnish a sleeping shelter for the night. We propose to supply a basin of soup to the children for a farthing; soup and bread, for a half-penny; soup for.an adult, a half penny; soup and bread, for one penny, together with other food--coffee, tea, and cocoa-at similar prices. It is also proposed to find a man a warm and cean sleeping place for a night with some little refreshment fora penny. In con junction with this alleviation of the temporal miseries of these hungry, homeless ones, it is intended by meet ings held morning and evening, and by the most direct personal dealing, to seek their salvation. Perhaps a more hope less class than this wretched crowd, -which lives continually in the land of the shadow of death, does not exist. They are ordinarily considered beyond help, but the Salvation Army has faith in the power of the Holy Ghost and the devotion of its workers to reach some, at least, of those who have long since abandoned themselves to despair. We hope, by the exercise of the greatest care, to be able to make this scheme very nearly self-supporting the feeding part of it entirely so. But we find the alterations, fitting of the building, supply of steam apparatus, and other appliances will cost us about £600. This we ask our friends to supply." 