" RESCUE' YVORK'" AMONGST MEN IN <! : 4. COPENHAGEN:' ' The Sentinel,' .a; rLondou religona journal, has the following : The pious Dane, it will be observed, is a little ahead' of the ordinary British' puritans. We have lately had the pleasure of a visit at the office of the.;' Sentinel ' from one of the helpers in- . the Copenhagen Midnight Mission. The term "Mid night Mission " in Eucland at once causes the mind to revert to tho rescue of fallen women. Hut not so in Copenhagen. There the leading object of tlio ' society is preventive ana-rcscuo worn amnogHt fallen' mOn; ; In the streets, in which lie the Govefniriont-liccnscd houses of ill-fame, bauds of Christian men patrol from 10 o'clock at night till two!!in f thei'morning, speaking to the men and youths who' congregate in that neighborhood. 'The results havo boon very encouraging. Four or five' Government houses have been closed through lack of 'business, and a little house Of refuge for the reseno of young women has actually been fitted up in the midst of the quarters of Government-licensed vico, though . ; the rescue of women forms a very subordinate part of the society's worltj there being according to published statistics at least five times as many immoral men in Copenhagen as thcro are immoral ' women, which is about tho same pro portion as 'in London. A common remark of the keepers ' ofij.tho' houses of ill-famo is, " What right have yoiii to /'Interfere with my trade;. I am licensed.",- Count Adam Moltkc and his nephew, who are fine stalwart specimens of humanity, are two of tlie' hardest workers in this mission. The incident reported in the March number of the ' Sentinel,' when M. Scavenius, the Government head 'of the Danish Established . Church, was publicly denounced as an immoral mail, and his fitness as a legislator protested against on that account, arose out 'of the work of this mission. There are, two lessons which the Christian Church, as a whole, lias yet to leaiji. First, that impurity blasts lincl degrades .'a man every whit as much :as 'it docs' a woman'; and secondly; that by the power of the Holy Ghost working in the heart of j a. degraded 'mnn, as great a change can be ac complished' as is the case m the passing from death unto" life" of 'a fallen woman. When these two; truths are definitely 'accepted by;th6 Church it will be .as difficult for a man who is living an immoral life'fo remain in liny post of trust in the State, as-it is now for a: woman who is living an immoral life to remain in any post of trust in the home. And, on' tie'' other hand, '-the Church twill be as ready, to, welcome the returning prodigal of one sex at of the other.' . 