Reciters and Recitations. A Chat with the First Lady Heciter* (From tho Tall Mall Gazette.) Tlio lift is under repair, and there ib nothing; for it but to climb up several flights of staira in Onslow place till you reach a prettily dec orated flat and aro allowed to enter a drawing room, where mustard-coloured friezes and ttonebluo papers co hand-in-hand with yellow drnperieB and blue chintz furniture. Here some old Dresden, there some fine Bartolozzi engravings ; on this side Bristol plates surround a curious old token struck to commemorate tho reception by angels of the ' martyred' Charles I. On tho opposite wall a portrait of Sir Bevil Grenville — son of tho more famous Richard Grenville of the Rovenge — finds a sort of setting in the old Worcester platoa. These Grenvilloa, or Granvillex, were lineal ancestors of Mrs. Albert Barker, and sho narrates how Sir Bevi], his last fight fought, was buried on Stratton Moor, where a little cross may still be seen bearing this legend— 'At this Bpot ye bravo knight Sir Bovil Gronvillo drove back ye rebels and died fighting for his king with face to foo.' But my errand is with tho practical present, and I explain thut I have come on behalf of tho Tall 'Mall Gazette to loarn all I oar. about reciters and recitations from »uoh an authority us tho ' first ludy reciter of tho day,' or the 'female Brandram,1' as Bhe is sometimes Etyled. 'It is usual, Mrs. Barker,' said I, 'to furnish the interviewer with a few apocryphal anecdotes of phenomenal inf anoy. What can you do for us in this kind of article ?' 'Well, honestiy speaking, I don't think tbat I can do much. I never recited as a baby from the kitchen dresser, though I do remember playing Hamlet with the help of the nursery tablecloth, a fat brother preferring to act tho ghost.' 'What turned your thoughts professionally towards recitations, and what steps did you take to place yourself in evidence?' 'A dramatic instinct and love of tho work, as much as anything, impelled me on to plaoe a Rubicon between myself and amateurism. My first teacher (if I put aside the very great debt I owe to my father) was Mrs. Fairfax. After six months' work I presented myself before a well-known actor and teacher of elo cution, and recited Adelaide Prootor's 'Story of a Faithful Soul.' From my second teacher (for I was accepted as a pupil) I certainly learned to conquer the habit of monotony, as well as to acquire certain inflections and har mony of tone, which the profano call ' dodges of modulation.' ' ' Have you,' I continued, ' had any amusing experiences in private houses such as Mr. Corney Grain tells of ? ' ' The pampered male menial plays a part in the experiences of most artistes. At one house one distinguished and gorgeous creature waB good enough to inform me, in answer to my request for a cab, that if I went to the top of the road I should probably get one. The world will never know what it coBt him, on my refusing to call a hansom, to send an nnder footman for one, and at a river club the servants departed in a body, leaving us young persons to wait on ourselves. But my hosts and hostesses as 3 nil* are only too considerate, in one case exalting me on i raised seat 88 a sort of Queen of Sheba. Kindness may, however, take inconsiderate forms, as when a lady who bad been called out of the room returned when, with full sail, I had swept into the middle oi one of my pieces and begged me to begin again. Now, it ib not ea.iy to switch off and on the dramatic fire.' 'And you know something, I think, of life in a 'hydro'?' 'Yes: hydropathic establishments are not so melancholy as people imagine. Of oourse, there are any number of hypochondriacs, in valids, hearti, livers, and stomaoha ; but the proprietors make it part of their most Berious busiuess to keep people amused. I have myself been often engaged ut different places to amuse the people, and among them ttuse whose busi ness it ib to amuBe others. At one hydro, I found Mr. Grossmith. He has not only been c* kjvwoiy viwnu, uui uuuuieii tvuuu uiitjiroaii led the antics. He was so bothered one night to keep up his reputation by doing or saying something amusing, that ho collected all the tall men together and started a grotesquely extravagant game of ' follow-my- leader/ However, he took his revenge by workiug up everybody into one of his sketches. I had been reciting onco, when Toole made a strange confection : ' I see you were nervous : but so am I always in a private room, though on the stage I never havo stage fright ! ' Yes, I was nervous : and to this hour. thankB to it, I am practically blind on the stage.' The next question the interviewer (who was a clergy-1 man) put with native and natnral hesitation; ' Don't be afraid of hurting my feelings, Mrs. Barker, but have the clergy anything to learn in the way of elocution' ' The clergy are somothing truly awful: in their reading and delivery they outrage every canon of ours if not of their own. It is bad enough to have to listen to the nonseuse many of theni talk in the pulpit ; but, oh ! to have to hear a servica and lessonx, perhaps most beautiful in themselves, foully murdered ! Even the banns of marriage — any at St. Mary Abbott's — are published in BUuh a way that the most sensational announcement would never, raise even a ripple of attention. To -rivo you un instance, tbe clergy will nut keep the last word to the end, and they do nut prononuce their final consonants. Again, thoy do nutusn nearly enough stops ; there ought, for example, to be a pause bpf ore and after pan-uthesis. And they emphasize by laying unnatural stress on a word rather than by significant pau-es.' ' ' And have Bingers and actors attained the moro perfeot way i' 'Even in their education thore has ba'eu' something neglected. I consider that very much of Isidore de Lara's buoocss (to speak of a singer) is due to Mb clear enunciation. Among actors tbo technique and stage tricks are thoroughly mastered ; but, except Mrs. Ber nard-Beero, Mrs. Kendul, and Mrs. Bancroft there lire few who are elooutionists. Now, the French stage makes elocution a great point in' teaching. We have, indeed, mi real system,1 but both the French and the Americans have regular systems of elocutionary training, 'with a rule for everything.' 'It has always struck mo that there was a fino field for artists,' especially at the Swiss and other hotels, where the eveniriga r (the scenery being the stook-in-triidej are.iu'exorably dull and unrelieved ' by anything but* the fmnllest of ' small talk.'. HaVeyqu ever r', gone on tour' in Switzerland or other plaoes ;bf,' the sort, wnero the'English most' do congregate?' 'In, a tentative kind of way.I hav?,r'aud I have always had it in my miiid to w:orl£ out the idea on a larger scale, than I hava-hitheif to- attempted. But you'will be, amused, at' one experience I had. After .aV good, daal of negotiation' and explanation I' induced biio of the hotol proprietors in the Engiiilino io allow me to give «. recital in tun salon after dinner. Ae I was going away triumphant ha udded, ' You am hand a plate round or leave it at the door after for contributions.' I don't think thut my' indignation at .this proposal waa any, the more mitigated by his 'adding, ',A.t airy rate, thut's what the' mn'a with' tho monkey ahvttjs. does !' I bavu only once had Buch auother humilitttiug rebuff, ,ttiul that wo*, on tliis wise. I had been reciting- lit a private bouee, when a lady enthusiastically bustled up to me ?with, ' Ob, Mrs. Uarker, I huvo'boen dying to get near enough to/speak toyouand to congratulate you '—1' rose,' expecting '.to'.H'uar a prettily turned corajjlimeuti'on nay- reciting, but elie rcmorsely went oh—' on tho oxquisite fit of your dresses. Do --U,' mo .who ^a your dreHsmakcrr'' ' ' '' '' ' ' . \ '' The Same Oxil JoJnii— ''.',' ')\'^':;: .''J01'...,- Marriages makes no change1 in men, - -: , A -wilo ol)8crvcd with olouftod brow, My John la just the Borne, I neo, ' : . . , Ab when ho eome-ocourtin^ mo, ' ?' - ^ For home ho never -would so then, ? ' . And home he won't como now. , —Boston Qlbhe. ' ... ??'?-?? ?' ??? ?- Shopkeeper, accused ol giving f aUo -weight : 'The fuot_ is, yor honour', the inspector has been lying in wait for mo. It'B u put-up job.' Magistrate: ' That would inake no diBerenoe to. you, if you had not boon lying in weight aleo. ' Fiyo poundB and cpa'tB.','' » , l\ ?''...'.'*? if fair Visitor J(to ?conviot)1'r'lll'«uj)posoi Sir that the eingiugof the birds ioltoves tho rasmb-5 tony.of your dreary lifof'i'Convlot' (profoundly' mmplueBed) :-'The Binjringof iUVblru'slm'i.'is?'** Fair Visitor:- 'Yesi 8ir,1the''Utao:%aol^irisi!-- you kpow;i -They must bo Bucb/abobaS'*!'-''' .'* 