PARLIAMENTARY NOTES. BY A. CARPER. Though it is very doubtful whether ben. members have any kindly feelings towards Mr.Templeton, yet in the eternal fitness of things they should be very grateful to him. After the dreary inanities of the last tvo weeks it was somewhat refreshing to have the utter stagnation broken by the slight ripple caused by Mr Jones’ question. It gave some members an opportunity to orate again; and others a chance of demonstrating that the art of reading was not par tieularlv well taught in the schools they frequented m their young days. It was really painful to hear that conversation between Mr Service and Mr Templeton rehashed from “ Hansard” in all sorts of childish tones, and with all kinds of ridiculous emphasis; till at last tiie climax of utter disgust was reached by the outrageously idiotic display of Mr M*Lellan. The House contains many men who well answer to Dry* den’s description of some politicians iu his day— «• Some by their fHeads, more by themselves though 1 * wise. Oppose the power to which they cannot rise; but one would have to travel a long way to find a man more decidedly self-opinionated and more pitiably ignorant than the lion, member for Ararat. After all Mr Vale, uninteutionallv, perhaps, hit the nail on the head when he said that there was a good deal of hypo cri-yiu the matter. Members got themselves into a white heat over the question, without troubling to consider whether it was really worth the waste of a night. There have been several influences at work which have been carefully preparing the way for the outbreak of feeling that has taken place. The chair* man of the Public Service Board is a practical, commonsense, business man, entirely free from traditional red taj>e: and this has brought him into conflict with many of the departmental heads. Further, he is oue who has the bad taste, so the service thinks, to administer the Act more in the in terests of the colony th *n in the personal interests of the public servants; and this has earned him the bitter dislike of the Public Service Association. Still further lie happens to have been, and still is, connected with a successful Life A>surance Company, and the jealousy of other Nocieties lias roused mem* bers whom the other influences could not reach. When all these things are considered the unanimity of the House is not to be wondered at. Why the members of the service generally should be bitter at Mr Templeton is a mystery. It u almost certain that there wauld be no such feeling were it not that tlie Public Service Association, angered be cause he will not recognise their heaven-sent mission, have fostered this ill feeling at every opportunity. Anyone who knows anything of departmental rule knows well that justice,* and even mercy, is more easily obtainable now than it was before the Commis sioners come into power. Speaking once to a rather high-placed otficial on the subject of a bad case of diuakennees he said, “ the Department as a rule prefer to take any possible course rather than send the case of an of lender to the Public Service Board; for they im mediately constitute themselves counsel for the defence, and give no end of trouble.” If this is so, public servants cannot be treated very harshly. Mr Bussell spoke with some feeling, of the indignation of Mr Templeton on being interviewed upon certain cases; but a little reflection will surely show that it is really going too far to expect a man in such a responsible position to be influenced in his judgement upon any case sent to him, by a member of Parlia ment. If any doubt existed as to the active enmity which Mr Teispleton has excited, the hand shakings iu 41 Insurance” circles, and the triumphant tones of some otficials after the debate in Parliament would quickly dispel it. Whatever may be the result of the onslaught, and it is to be feared it will have the worst, it will be a public calamity if Mr Templeton resigns. No oue but a member of Parliament would be so petty as to publicly state that Mr Templeton kept his position iu the Naiional Insurance C.mpany in order to influence those entering the service. As if it is possible for him to know anything of the many policies coming in; or if he did, how could a merely executive officer use his information. It really is time that some members managed to gain a little self respect. if the ghost of one of the orators of the reign of the Georges was to solemnly stalk through the Cham ber, he would not seem more lonely and isolated than does the oratory of the rhetorical member for Balla rat Wtst, whose mellifluous “Gentlemen” has so often charmed the ears of the electors in the Golden City. Times, manners, and men have all altered since the troublous days of yore, when C. E. Jones was some what a power; but nothing shows so much sign of change as the manner of speaking. Members affect a shorter and crisper style. The ol 1 platform oratory is largely discountenanced. Rhetorical pauses and melodramatic voicc-s carry but little weight, and the man of facts and figures gains the ears of the . Assembly far sooner than the man of sentiment. Sarcasm to be effective now must be sharp and stinging; members hardly wait to listen to one th it is eloquently delivered, and carefuliy, not to say pedantically, emphasised. Time was when Mr Jones’ speech would have gained an ad miring audience, but on Tuesday night, after the first 10 minutes, there was not a soul left on the Opposi tion benches, while the Government side had barely a quorum. It was little winder that the speech came to a speed}* end. So far the speeches have been much like Gratiano’s wit, “two grains of wheat in a bushel of chuff; you may search all day till you find them, and when you have found them they are not worth having.” Lam afraid the quotation is rather free— Whatever is the matter with the farmers? To see their happy contented faces one would hardly think that tney are pining for an export bounty upen wheat, and a prohibition stock tax. Yet members unMushingly siy they are, although each one that has followed Mr Madden, haa exclaimed against the dark colors of his picture, yet none have spoken such sound sense as he did. Whi;e pointing out the prospective failure of our agriculturists in a really earnest and sincere way, he also pointed out a sensible remedy. Mr Rees says: “ raise the stock tax 25 per cent, and we will uet cheaper meat I” Can anyone solve such a riddle as that? Mr Madden says—* 4 Work your farms on proper principles; study your natural surround ings; rotate your crops; and don’t carryall your eggs iu the one basket.” Some members cry out for a bounty upon wheat. Mr Madden frankly says that farmers cannot hope to compete in wheat-growing against Asia (“And India,” interjects a geographical memb'r, anxious ro air his knowledge), therefore we must grow something else. It does not require a very critical faculty to sec which U the farmer’s friend; the men who are content to take up the cry of the fanners without enquiry, or the man who desires to lead them aright. It’s a case of 44 pull devil, pull bakrr” in reference to the rival country parties. Mr Hall has never taken kindly to the pos.tion of affairs since he was super seded as Government Whip by Mr Gardiner, and the country party which he has been trying to run during the recess is his way of keeping •him?elf in evidence. The other country party which came prominently into existence ibis wet-k will probably mean the foundation of anew and strong combination: There are few astuter men iu the House than Mr Patterson; few wno carry more weight than Mr Madden, and although there are men in the party who will vote with the Government on every critical division, and who at present have no intention of unseating them, yet there is really but very little loyalty to Mr Gillies on the Government benches. At present the various parties in the House are rather in a state of disorga ii satio i, but a very little generalship may Vring them together at any time. It is a very significant fact that Mr Patterson has something to say in all these ven tures. The temperance party have always had his support, the country party have welcomed him, and the yoldfields party, should that spring up again, can not exclude him. Meanwhile the Premier sits smilingly in his place, and allows an Op position that everybody holds in contempt to pro pose ridiculous amendments, and delay business. The only man on the Govermnentbeuches who appears to take any interest in the debate is Mr Wrixon, the rest of the Ministry, except Mr Deakin, who has not yet taken his place in the House, seem to think that all they have to do is to sit in their places while the House t.dks itself out. If Mr Gillies does not take care, while trusting to the 44 straight Opposition” con tinuing to keep him in office, he will some day find himself faced by a powerful combination under Mr Patters >n. Members are beginning to wonder which is the more contempiihle, a Premier who never asserts himself, or an Opposition that is catching at straws, and putting forward such transparent tricks as Sir Bryan O’Loghlen’s, and Mr Bent’s amendments. So far the strength of the Ministry lias been in the weak ness of the Opposition; and although it is unlikely that there will be a change of Ministry this session, yet every day strengthens the discontent; and the new party 1 mentioned 1 ist week is more probable than it was a few days back, and will certainly be a powerful opposition at the hustings unless the Premier wakes up and consolidates his own following. So far Mr Gillies has been able to dispense with a personal loyalty; but he will certainly have to inspire this iu his followers or go under at the polls. MrShiels has always been fond of surprises. Coining in place of poor Tytherleigh of “Coffee” fame his maiden effort was ornate {and duste. His next speech was one that made him rather famous, and covered Mr Bent’s Octo pus Railway Bill with ridicule. Last session he appeared as a reformer of the Divorce Laws, earning the enthusiastic applause of those who long for the good old times “«.re one to one was cursedly confined,” and this week he appeared as a scholarly and critical debater. So far his career has been rather erratic, but should he grow more definite in his aims, there are few more promising men in the Assembly. 