the North Garret. ; >♦<—• \ by "bachelob," I am an old bachelor, If there is a human being whose nerveB are made of steel, I am that individual.. I have never onoe lost my présence of mind, I don't believe in ghosts, of. coarse. IJm not à sensational person, I bavé never been in love. Once, when I vas five-ahd-twenty—no matter how many years ago—I thoQght that I was. 184s. A pair of prown eyes,and a lead of'golden hair, long, dark; lashes, pat the notion into my^head. £ lostmy usual good sense lor a "while, and proposed to Milly Bash wood, and went through the usual experiences that follow an acceptance. Bot I grew tired of my pretty toy in a few months^ and began ^Bee thiâ^i yôînig^Baa married wpàTdbè a joung man marked.'' The girls had lost all their interest in &e;,and the married ladies took to snubbing me. I had not half the nice invitations I need to'have, and, beside, old Mr. BaBhwood failed,tmd Milly's ' fifty thou sandvanished into the air. She wouldhave nothing on marriáge, instead of being an . heiress ; and so, one day, X told her we had both made a mistake, and she said probably I.was the. best judge, and gave ma baokjny ring. It hada nioe diamond in it, and 1 had it set for a shirt-stad at onoe. And of coarse I sent her back her letters, and Bhe returned mine, and after that ire never met again. I got pat of the affair more easily than most fellows do, anduve never got into each a one again. Perhaps when I'm old and begin to break down a little, 1 shall marry some nice young girl and settle aown comfortably. It's a pretty good thing to do¡then, bat.not before one isjiasfr fifty. • Well, as I said, I saw no jnore of Lily, ajid I forgot all about her in a few years.-1 stand before yoa a practical man, untramelled by, any sort of superstition, with a good income, good health, and a habit of enjoying my life —an example to all sentimental, emotional people, if I say it myself; and just in this condition I walked in at the door of Sirs. Began'* confounded.old house, on the twenty sixth of July, 1872. We had started for the Mountain House, I and Barnard, and hie trap had broken down, and here we were on a rough road, with oar joarney not half over : CatBkillas lar behind as as the Mountain House was ¿efore as ; both of as as hungry aç hunters ; both dead tired. " We oan't goon," said Barnard. " Wè«an't go back." said I. Then over the stone fence popped a sun bonnet, and some one cried— " Your wheel has come off, hain't it 1"s _ On my answering that it had, and should like to know what we were going to do that night, the sunbonnet replied,— * " Why, do tell Î To be sure ! JWell, how— and e7erybody.. is chock fuH of summer boarders, and so be I. But fl gness I can figger it if 1 do a little head/ work. I'll pat them Jackson boys to sleep -with Sam, and I'll make the help go - on to the ssttfjp, and one of yoa shall have the kitehen chamber and one the north garret if yon want. And my old man, he's a wheelwright by trade; and he'll jigg6r your wheel for you in three shakes of a sheep's tail." ~ We looked at each other. I did not know howlong it took a sheep, to shake his tail, nor whether «' jigger" was technical or looal. I don't jyet. But I smelt coffee and ham and eggs, somewhere, and doubtless so did Barnard. >a We shall be only too glad to acoept your hospitality," said he. ■ : "Halfa-soverigna day," said she. "That is cheap enough;" " So it is," said Barnard. " Gome, Hunter." . - ' ~ I came. What would I hive done to a waiter who presented me with such a supper* at the oiub ! But starvation does not discritm-' ate; l ate heaTtily. And 'afterward, being asked to choose between the kitchen and the north garret, I said the garret by all means. I bad a vague idea that it would be farthest removed from the rest of the establishment. It was a queer looking plaoe, with a chim ney in the centre, the roof running from£ peak in the middle to the floor on either side ; one square window and one Bloping-one; and boxes, bags, hams, ropes of onioiw, and suspended dresses, adorned it in every direc tion, The "bed was apparently stuffed with corn cobs. The pillows was of hay, and the Bheets smelled of camphor, and I had a kero sene lamp by way of illumination. Remembering my spring mattress, and silk quilts lined with down, at home, my vel vet carpet, the pink and white shade for my gas, I wondered how I could eodare it all so calmly. But-what ehould I have gained by. making a fuss ? Nothing, sorely. Never trouble yourself about the inevitable ; simply shut your eyes to it. I shut mine, having puffed the'kerosene lamp out, after a bine explosion of some kind which «made me wonder if I were to be subject of a paragraph "Awfal Accident" in the next morning's papers. I adjusted myself as well as possible between the softest corn cobs.<¿ "When one sleeps one forgets one's %ed." said I. " Let me sleep." And totally refnsing to notica the droning of a hideous insect with a brown back, who could walk, fly, climb, leap, wiggle, crawl—in short, «9b possessed every means of looomoflSn known to animated nature—I went to sleep. The moon arose that night about one o'clock ; therefore it must have been about One o'clock that I awoke, for the moon was risiag. You may expeot me to be romantio about her ; bat I shall not oblige yoa. She was as round and yellow as possible, and came up ovir the mountains with her nsaal independence. Herjjight fell through the one straight window of my room, made a white eqaare on the brown-painted floor, and lit op a queer little green rocking-chair with a rush bottom. For one moment I saw the chair standing empty; the next a figure occupied it—the figure of a young girl. Her hair, which seemed to be golden, fell over her shoulders. JSer back was toward me, but I saw that her figure was alight and pretty, Two little white hands were clasped together, and she was rooking to and fro, and moaning in a strange, desolate sort of a way. This íb. odd,-' said I.. " Some one has come into thmroom by mistake, doubtless, not knowing,. fwas bore." I coughed. The young person did not hear me. I spoke. " Madame," stud I,' •' I presume yon are not aware that—in faot, that I am here." Then the figure'arose. It turned toward me, bat again ! coald not see its face. It's back was to the moon.'TOaoutline—strangely familiar—was all I ooulcbdiaèern. The white robe that looked like a shroud, trailed after It. ' The long hair floated over it. I said to myself very calmly, "Were I a superstitious person, Iahould consider this a ghost." And still it came nearer, nearer, nearer, It was very embarrassing. . " Madame," 1 said again, more loudly, " I presume that you are not aware that I am here?" And a voice answered me—a voice I seemed to have heard before,— " Yes, I am aware of it. I came because I knew it. I came because I knew it. Theshe began to moan again. She stood j beside the ¿ed now, only a few inoheiB from me. She stretchedout her cold hands. It was time to do 'something.. Whoever she was, I saw tháj¡ahe was dangerous-^a maniac, perhaps. I put my hand under my pillow, where my pistol lay. I seized it. " Whoever you are," said -I, " I presum( Tnti m a febjefj sjaeej, Lewe the; room. I give yon three seconda to do it in.' Icountthem. AHhetnirdcount I fire! One' -^twa-r-three—J' ■ v.-" "• ' A»ï said one «he retreated pointing '*£ me. Äfl l counted two ahe drew still,, farther öS. As I cried tnree ahe wasgonè. r lit that kerosene lamp and examined the room." The door was shut, and looked inside ; the win* Sows fásteneddo'wn with nails, as iall window« areïn mal botises. I looked behind the boxea and barrets 'and gowns. I felt the floor. There was no bap-door. ' Yet .she wan gone!" : . : : III had been asupfcratitionB idiot, I should: have said that I haâ Men a Bpirit. As it vas, being- a ^practical man, I at onoe argued with myself,—. ' - . ' ] j Tough fried ham, and something oaHéS ftjun puddin', whatever it may have -been, has given-me a nightmare—a nightmare In ■ aijmhuBual form, doubtless—a fair younggirl in white, instead of- Othello or a bl&ckdog;, There are exceptions to every rol*. :. I hàvè had a white nightmare iioBtead of a blaokme," that is all. » ; ' ■ Again I pnt oot my fcerosene lamp; again X fitted myself between the com cobs ; again I Blèpt; again I wokè, to find a figure—the same figure—bending; oyer me. It was moan ing still, but this timé it was doing more; two: 'hands, as cold as. ice, were about my throat," pressing hard upon it. - I was /choked tö4 death. '■*■',, ■.r.: • ':* " What are you about?*? cried I; oatohing at my pistol again,. . : The pold hands dropped away, /The girl retreated, vanished, ashore. I miadea nëw: search. I argued with myself again. " Nightmares always choke one,"'said I. "My white nightmare ónly did as others dó." But this time though I fitted myseB in amongst the corn cobs again, I found it, harder to sleep, and though I slept at last,. .1 awakened very soon—again with aliand at my throat, and a voice moaning softly,-f Mist me rest in my grave 1 I do not «ant to kill him, Let me rest !" : — . My pistol onoe more drove the white figure away. But-a nightmare was a more serious thing than I had imagined. Had I ever been fool enough ta drink too muohl should have fancied myself the victim of delrium tremens. But a ghost 1 Bah 1 I gave no admittance to that thought for à moment. If the voice, the falling hair, the touoh of the Itttle hands, cold as they were, reminded me of some «tas 1 had known long ago—that waa part of my disordered condition. " Never again,*' said I, " will ■ I partake of that awful dish, Injun puddin',with m'lasBeB. Never !" • -I eat up after that, and saw the win rise for the first time in my existences Itisd chilly operation, as uncomfortable as most things aré that are considered meritorious ; cold baths and a German diet, for instance. I've naver done it Bince. ■ An awful horn tootedus down to breakfast, which was principally fat pork. When ! o&me; down, the goÄ woman of the house, already invisible at tthe end of a sunbonnet, was talking to Barnard, who iß—did I tell you ?—an author, a writer of frightful long' stories, in newepapera»-She had found him out. *' To think it Ehould be you I" she said! '' You don't look a bit. like I thought. I guessed you had big black eyes and elegant figger, but, lor I you can't help that — and howl did look out for the next number, while ' Elgira, or Fortune's Victim,', "was being published 1 I read it every word, and when ehe died of love, I cried. I didn't use to believe folks died of love once—but—lern me see—I guess it was fifteen years agdfl knew a case in actual life: Yes, sir. ' You could have made a atory of it, no doubt. She died in this house, in the north garret—as pretty 3 creature" as yüu"íver-saw. Her «yes were, ob, how brown, and such lovely golden hair ] Her father brought her out here one summer." "'.Mrs.Began,'says he, 1 I'm afraid ^my. girl is in a decline, but we hope something from cocnfry air.' «•«We'lldo what we can, and mountain air is best of any, air,' said I. "Bat pretty soon I saw that there was more than sickness to deal with. The night she died she told me. Yes, sir, it was a love affair.' He had jilted her because her father had lost his money. He'd failed, the old gentleman had. "'lloved him so much!' said Bhe. 'I , thought him so brave and true, and so fond»' of me. And it waB all a mockéry—every look a lie, every kiss an insult, siqge it did not come from bis heart.' *" Bat you should forget sueh a. rascal. You should not go on loving a fellow ufce that,' said I. " Then she sat np in bed. I never shall forget it, . Ob, Mrs. Began,' she said, 'it is just that ! It is'that I have grown to hate him so that I lie all night wishing that I could kill him—hating him as I never hated anything before ! Sometimes I think I shall come back from the other world to do it. Ghosts are permitted to kill their murderers, 4heysay, land he has murdered, me! Yes,; he has killed me,'not only my bed;, but all the good, sweét, beautiful feelings I once had. They all died long ago. Hate, hate, bate—that is killing me. Hate of the man I onoe loved 1' " * Oh, let me Bend for a minister, my dear I' I said. " But she made no answer. She ' never spoke again. She died that, night. Poor child, she wob very young. ( Milly Bashwöod. Aged eighteen.' That is on her gravestone in the burying-ground, if you'd like to look at it." I don't know whether she said anything more. Barnard says I fainted. I don't admit it, bqt if Idid 1 vow it was that abomin able supper. A ghost—bah.' But I.wouldn't s'eep in that north garnt again for any.for tune—praétical man as I am. 