MEMORIAL -.TONE LAYING. The Memorial Stoie of St. Augus tine's Church of England, Mentoue, w,,s laid last Monday afternoon with great eclat by Mrs Mf. H. Davies, wife of the Hon. M. H. Davies, speaker of theLegislative Assembly. There were upwards of two hundred persons present including His Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne, the Roev. A. Cofin, incumbent of the Parish, .and his assistant, Rev. G. N. Macdonnll, as well as the Revs. W. W?. Mantell, T. H. Ruist, J. Armsti'oig, and R. S. Parkes. The proceedings comsinenced by the Incumbent the Rev. 'fCaflin reading the Order of Service to be observed on such occasions, at an appropriate break in which Mr C. J. Hearle came forward.'and' read the following. documenit which. was enclosed in a jar and placed under the stone.-"The foundation stone of the St. Augustincs Church of England, Mentone, nuder which this document is placed was laid on .the 26th day of November: in the ehir?r of, our :Lord 1888, in the 51st year.of the reigin of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, and the Centennial year of 'thdrcolonisdition of Australirl b'YMrs MA . Dav?os thi wife of the. ion. M.~HI: Davie Esq.,, speaker'6f the Legislative. Assembly. of Victoria. Sir Henry Brougham -Loch being Governor of the Colony, The Rev. Field Flowers Goe, D.D. being Bishop of the Dioceso of Melbourne ; the hon. Sir James McBain, President of the Legislative Council; the lion. Thos. Bent, I.L.A., President of the Shihr of ,Mloorlibbin; the Rev. A. Caflin of-Moo:e Colloege, Now South. Valos, incunmbent of the Parish; Messrs Jas. Horuby, J. C. Gladstone. T. Robinson and C. J. Hearle being the memabers of the Board of Guardi lans;. Messrs N. Billing and Son, of Collins str ec, Architects ; Messrs Caskie and Greig of 'Mordialloc, Co., tractors, and Mr J. C. Evans of Men tone, Clerk of Works. The Services of the Church of Eng land in this neighbonrhood were first established by the Rev. H H. P. Kane, M.A.;' and: carried on afterwards with lthe assistance of lay gentlemen from the City of Melbourne in the Athen aeum Hall, erected for general pur poses by the original proprietor of the estate. The ground on which this church is built has been purchased from the Colonial Investment and Laud Company, and paid for by public sbuscription. The total cost is to be about £300, but the portion now being built will cost about £700." With this document was also en closed copies of the local and metro politan papers. Mr Hearle then said it gave him great pleasure on behalf of the Board of Guardians to request Mrs M. II. Davies to perform the ceremony of laying the stone, and presented to that lady a very handsomely ornamented silver trowel, bearing the following inscription :-" Presented to Mrs M. H. Davies, on the occasion of her lay ing the foundation stone of St. Augus tine's Church of England, Mentone, November 26th, 1888. M~savies then ascended the dais, t0oolc te trowe 1, and ftper preparing themo.rt benthe sta e being, duly; lowere ditb-i f prope opdsition,' she with a entlo tap on each corner and saying " I lay this Ibundation stone of a church, to be called St. Augustine's Church, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen," declared the stone to be duly laid. On the stone were these words neatly cut coat "This Memorial stone of St. Augustine's Church of England, was laid by Mrs M. H. Davies Novem bert 26th, 1888. N. Billing and Son, Architects." Prayer having been offered by one of the visiting ministers. His Lordship the Bishop of Mel bourne said that it gave him .great pleasure to be presenton this interest ing occasion and take part in the service of laying, the foundation or memorial stone of a new church at Mentone. It augured. well for the liberality of the members of the church that they had some forward so nobly by their donations end.thus enable the guardians to erect a house in which to worship God. He trunsted that the church members at Brighton and Cheltenham would not run away with the idea that after having taken a part in this event they should forget to render further assistaice. He would like to see the cause of God at Men teone grow, as lie lend often slid where evere there was lifo there was growth. In such a town as Mentone, which was a favorite wateiing place there was a great deal to be done by tIhe Incumbent in dealing .with visitors who frequented suech places in whlich to spend thleir holidays. He trusted that the portion of the buildings con templated at present to be erected, as well as the completed structure, wliiclh he hoped would soon be necessitated, would be a blessing to the,district. The new church will' oedcupy ai very commanding position" fronting Como Parade, ivithin easy distaince of the railway station ari nli'-llotment 80 x 253 feet., Thie rrmaterial:of whi9hlit is to be built is red bricks with drresaings of white Portarlington bricks ancl New Zealand 'fieestone. It is desigried in the early English Petiod o"f Gotlhio Architecture andl although withount florid ornament will froir its pro portions, effective grouping and colour, prove an enrichment to the baiuty of the town. It will consist of nave 65 x 23"6, transepts 20'6 x 19 each, chaniel 18'5 x 18 with organ chambers, vestry and baptistry. There are also three porchles screening the main enr. trance which are amply sufficient to meet all tIhe requirements of the. Central Board of Health, and venti lation is also liberanlly and unsparingly provided for. At tie angle formed by by the chlanoel andcl thie south transept is placed a tower, tile lower part of which is appropriated to tile vestry and which with its elated spirelet riises to a height of about 75 feet from the -ground line. , The ,main external dii mensions of the building when com pleted will be: Length 94 feet ; width across the west end, 31ft ; across transept, 72 feet. The cost of the completed building exclusive of inter nall fittings will be about £2700. The portion at present to be built consists of the chancel and part of the nave, to seat about 125, and is estimated to cost about £700. The total accom modation will be for about 400 persons. Several very handsome donations having been placed on the stone, and a collection taken up, His Lordship brought the service to-a close by pro nouncing the benediction and the assembly dispersed. 