MY STRANGE EXPERIENCE. I'vt heard strange tola, and -thought them only lies; But tine works wonders through our ears and eyes. After spending the winter in Halifax, where we all had the usual experience of members of the dramatic profession when playing in the provinces, we left that city of the Citadel filled with British troops, for Newfoundland, arriving at that island, after a very rough passage, April ;th, in the steamer NaofouHdland, Captain Mylius, a Greek. When I look back now at the voyage, I think it must have been unusually rough, for I remember that all on board were sea sick, except Captain Mylius and myself, who never missed a meal. The whole > company did not come with us, however; the others arriving a few days later in the Alhambra. I saw icebergs; and had a most delightful time in St John's, which is built on a high hill. Mr. Lewis Baker and I boarded wi'h the wife of a seal hunter, named James Hennessey, who was at the time off On a voyage in the Bear, afterwards one of the celebrated Greeley relief ships. It is really in credible how many seals are killed each year by these hunters. The season we were there, over one hundred and fifty thousand pelts were brought in, and the fat taken off and put into large tanks, where it was pressed into oil The skins are made into boots, caps, rough coats, etc.; but, of course, are useless for those elegant sealskin coats and sacques worn in the United States. By the way, cod fish are brought into 8l John's by the ton. Mr. Hennessey returned while we were there, and brought seals freshly killed, which we had for dinner. Mr. Baker and I ate some, out of respect for the family's feeling, and it tasted to me as I imagined a polar bear would, if boiled in cod-liver oil. I One.such banquet was sufficient, and I never indulged in'thej Iqxury ftgain.flor didMr.Baker.l . Having sent threeyotmg Newfoundland dogs home.from Halifax, Nova Scotia,as; alresdy stated. t made inquiry* while on the island,, concerning the. origin M the breed) apd was told by persons in St John's,; well informed on the subject, that these beautiful and sagacious dogs, originated in p cross between the English rafUitiffs of the present rulers, and >the beautiful jet-black water- spaniels of the French, whp formerly hdfj possession of the Island. The rigorous climate and substantial fish diet have developed these' dogs into their present state of perfection. They are superior to St Bernard breed of dogs in my estimation. < While I was there, the inhatitants, as a rule, were opposed to being in the Dominion of Canada-and were not in it. Many of the leading and most influ ential citizens of St. John's often expressed themselves in favour of annexation to the United States. And why not ? I think some day the Island of Newfoundland, with its'evergreen trees and beautiful bays, will be ours; and will then become the great port for passengers to start to Great Britain from. It is only about four days from there to Liverpool, and the journey to St. John's can easily be made l-y rail, with the exception of crossing the strait of Belle Isle, when American capital and enterprise. have built the railroad, which, of course, would soon be done. It was while playing in Newfoundland that I corresponded with Mr. John White, of Amherst, Nova Scotia, in reference to commencing a tour of the Provinces with Esther Cox, having in view the prospect of taking her to Boston and New York, at a subsequent day, as the greatest wonder of the nineteeth century-a simple-hearted village maiden followed by a ghost from Nova Scotia. In his letters, Mr. White informed me that Esther was again working in his saloon in the daytime, and sleeping at Mr Daniel Teed's cottage at night He stated that the " terrible power still produced the wonderful works of the devil," and urged me to come to Amherst at the earliest possible day, write the lecture I ? was to deliver, and start on our tour before the power either killed Esther or burnt Amherst to the ground. I replied, that I would leave Newfouland as soon as our season closed, which would be about the fir«t week in June, and advised him to do whatever he could to prevent the poor girl from being murdered; suggested that he remain in he presence all day, so that he could putt out any weapon with which he might be stabbed; to always have water ready to put out the fires kindled )>y the devil, and to advise the Teed family to take like precautions while Esther was in the cottage. I left St. John's, Newfoundland, on the Alhambra, the same vessel I arrived in Hailfax on. On June and I arrived in Halifax harbour, one of the most beautiful in the world, and on June nth started for Amherst, arriving there the same day. And it was on that never-to be-forgotten day that I met Esther Cox for the first time. Mr. White, who had made all the necessary arrangements for us to start at once on our tour, met me at the station, and we went to his dining* saloon to dinner. After dinner he ac companied me to the cottage of Daniel Teed, where I was introduced to Mrs. Teed and Esther. Esther was very self [ possessed, appeared to be in excellent health, and informed me that Bob, the ghost, said her going with us " was all right," and that Maggie, another ghost who followed her now, said the same ' thing. Well, I just looked at her; that was all I could do, after such a state ment on her part. I was willing to acknowledge that there might be a power of some kind about the girl, but, of course, nothing supernatural; no ghosts, or such delusions of the imlagination. I let Mr. White talk about the wonders of the power, and listened to what Mrs. Teed had to say in silence. I was per fectly witling to write a lecture from what the family told me of the affair and what I could obtain from newspaper reports, and to deliver it with proper effect to as Wge~aodiehces. as her tfemftridouk re putation could draw-in fact, to run the enterprise as a business transaction; but, as to believing in the ghostly part of it, *h,»t if.was out of the question. I would cxjtatse tnpt, for I h*d been bo spccessful in titposing alleged " medium?", % the United States, that I felt it Would only bb a short time before T should see exact!) , how she managed iit> humbug people so: sttcceSsfiflly'as to become the wonder and talk of Canada. We finally talked about other subjects, and I left the house in ibout an hour with Mr. White to visit his family, accepting an. invitation from .Esther to callpgainin the evening.' Mr. White called with me in the evening and I «as introduced to Daniel Teed, Jennie Cox and Mr. Qiiigley, & friend of theirs. They all talked about the wonderful power, and what it could do, suggesting that we adjourn to the'dining room, where there was a large table, and hear the ghosts knock. We went, and had only been seated near the table a few minutes, when an invisible power, seem ing to possess intelligence, commenced to produce sounds, apparently with human hands that could not be seen. We could all hear even the scratching sounds of invisible human finger nails,, and the dull sounds produced by the hands as they nibbed the table, and struck it with invisible, clenched fists, in knocking in response to "questions. Esther said that Bob and Maggie, the ghosts, were both .present, and requested . me to ask it few questions, each of the others having had their. turn. I asked the number of my watch, and It was correctly knocked, figure by figure, com mencing at the left or first figure. I asked the time by the dining-room clock, and it whs knoclted, in the same, manner (being twelve ninutes of ten P.M.), The power then beat correct time while I whistled " Yankee Doodle." I asked the date of a coin in my pocket, and it was ! knocked correctly, being " 1876." Ml the knocks were upon the table and now where else during the evening; and. we did not put our hands upon the table,. nor sing " Nearer, my God, to Thee." I watched all the persons present, saw their hands and feet by the light of the coal-oil lamp in the room, and no one present knew the ^number of my Watch, nor date of the coin in my pocket-not even myself. This was my first experience with the' remarkable, power, knowp as The Great Amherst Mystery. It being about, eleven P.M., I bade everybody good night and departed going at once to the principal hotel, where T took a room, lit ray pipe, and for a long time lay awake to ponder over what I had heard. The next day, June is, I commenced writing my lecture in. the haunted house, where I had spent such an interesting evening, and at nearly twelve o'clock, Esther Cox, Mr. White and myself left Amherst for Moncton, Sew Brunswick, where I finished the lecture from what Mr. White and Esther told me of the mysterious power. When we left Amherst, there was a large crowd, at the station to see Esther' off, and among the persons a nan who had en- . deavoured to get her to go away with him to give manifestations of the power throughout the country; an offer she had declined, preferring to go under Mr. White's care, because so well acquainted with his wife and daughter. This man, we believe, afterwards caused us a great deal of annoyance. In Moncton, we all stopped at the American House^ and while Esther and I were in the parlour, oneof the ghosts rocked a large nicking chair, while she sat about fifteen feet trom it. I d slivered two lectures on the inysteiy, and left town Saturday night lor Chatham, NewBrunswick, Esther remain ingin Moncton with Mr. White and their friends. The following notices appeared, in the papers about Esther, but woe not written by me, nor did I ever know positively who wrote them, never having seen them until handed to me by Mr. White, on his arrival in Chatham, ft was my intention to give three lectures a week, hoping that the ghosts would knock and move objects on the stage, where Esther always sat to the "laft of centre," while I lectured. (To be continued.) 