The Church Association in the Diocese of Newcastle. On Wednesday evening a largely-attended meet- ing, including many ladies, assembled under the direction of the Church Association, in the West Maitland School of Arts, to hear an address from Mr. Thomas Hungerford, respecting the discussion in Synod upon the catechisms, and to listen to a paper prepared by a member. Mr. John Lee, President of the Association, occupied the chair. The Chairman, having read the collect for Whit Sunday, said" it was scarcely necessary for him to introduce Mr. Thomas Hungerford to a Maitland audience. (Hear, hear.) He had been long and favorably known throughout the length and breadth of the Hunter River districts, for Iiíb far-seeing judgment in laying broad and deep the foundations of all that is necessary to educate the political opinions of the people during the last decade ; and he must be known to the rising generation not less than to the old people. It was not necessary to in" troduce him as a staunch and loyal member of the Church of England, for he had proved himself to be such on many occasions. It was not necessary to introduce him to the members of the Church Association, because he was one of their vice-presidents well-known to them all. He was one of the vice- presidents of the parent association, well and favorably known for the re- sults of the action he had taken in seeking to ob tain for the Church of England the privileges she had gained by the prayer book. His reason for appearing there that night was in consequence of there having been submitted, in the highest Council of the Church in the Diocese, the Synod,' a motion with reference to a catechism which had been used for teaching in St. Paul's parish. Mr. Hungerford submitted that motion, after having been told that the Catechisms would be withdrawn from sale at the depot at Morpeth, because he de sired to prevent their UBe in any parish in the diocese. There was much discussion on the reso- lution, and two attempts were made to burke it A point of order was taken that the resolution was not worded in accordance with the Constitutions, namely that the only Church known to the Synod was the United Church of England and Ireland, whereas tho resolution stated that it was the Protestant Reformed Church of England-that waa a paltry point to be taken. The second point was that as the resolution involved a doctrinal question, I it was not one which the Synod could discuss, but which should be left to the Bishop or the adminis- trator for the time being. That point, happily, was defeated also, and the debate went on. On the main question, whether the teaching of this catechism should be prevented in the diocese, the clergy were to a great extent on the side of the resolution, and the laity to a very considerable extent, but some of the members of Synod were ashamed to do their duty, and the pre- vious question was moved, and a count out arranged,' to prevent the recording of a fair opinion on the question. Their esteemed friend, Mr. Hungerford, spoke to the question, and in accordance with what they knew of him, when he took anything in hand, he carried it through. He had not done with the question. He (the Chairman) thought, consider- ing the importance of the question, and the fact that the local paper circulated through the length and breadth of the diocese, that they would have had a full report of the debate. (Hear, hear.) He did not complain of the Mercury ; it was not a religious paper; still the question was of such vital interest that a full report might have been given. If that had been done, the present meeting would have been unnecessary. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Hungerford had attended at the request of the Association to describo what had been done in Synod. Instead of getting an account in the newspapers, they would get it viva voce. He would say no more, but would remind them that if they wished to keep the grand old Church of Eng- land up to the charter of her principles, they must make an effort for the revision of the Prayer Book. (Hear, hear.) Unless they got that there could be no hope of escape from the taint and contamination that was sought to be inflicted upon the Church. There had been a discussion about this revision in the Sydney Synod, which ended by the voting being equal ¡ and more recently in Bathurst, a motion for revision was lost by only 33 to 30. That showed that there was a strong party in favour of revision. The Church would never have peace till revision was accom- plished, nor would thoso unfaithful pastors be restrained who gave stones instead of bread, and an empty ceremonial in place of the true word of life. He had much pleasure in introducing Mr. Hungerford. Mr. Hungerford, who was applauded, said it , was indeed scaicely necessary to introduce so old a Maitlauder and colonist to a Maitland audience. It was sixty years since he first set foot in Maitland. He little thought he would have been called upoD to address them. But he had always been earnest in an endeavour to build up the foundations of a true, spiritual Christian religion (hear, hear) ; and, therefore, when he was asked by the Church Asso- ciation to give them an exposition of what had had taken place in Synod at the beginning of the month, he felt, as a member of the Church of Eng- land and as an old colonist, ho did not feel justified in hesitating to give expression to his views on a matter of gigantic importance. What was a church ? It was simply a means to an end- the meanB was an organisation first of all called into existence by our Saviour, in order to send forth the light of truth to the ends of the earth. And, in forming that organisation, He laid down certain principles touching the whole interests of man- kind in the present and in the future. Now, certain catechisms had been used in the teaching given in St. Paul's parish, and the doc- trine of those catechisms seemed to him to be contrary to the teaching of the Church. He put some questions (though he would have preferred if a more prominent member had moved) as to whether it was the fact that certain catechisms, deerapd to be objectionable, were purchasable at the depot in Morpeth. The answer was that the com aitteo of the depot, finding that the catechisms were objectionable, had resolved to sell them no more. (Hear, hear.) That answer was received with acclamation, and the opinion in Synod was that he had scored a triumph. Many members thought he should be satisfied. But he said no ; he was not satisfied. He therefore fiamed a motion bat>ed on the answer. He was not satisfied, for this reason-that in the answer he had received there was no intimation of any intention to suppress the catechisms and prevent their further use. He therefore movod that in the opinion of the Synod the Catechisms were contrary to the teaching of'the Protestant ReformedChurch of England, and therefore theiruse should forthwith be discontinued. He was desired not to go on with the motion, but ho said, " I will go on with it," and that the reply of the President called for it. A point of order was taken that the motion contained the name of a Church not known to Synod. He changed the words accordingly, and then another point of order was taken, that the Synod had no right,to deal with points of doctrine. But his motion only involved the use of a book. He did not want to touch doctrine ; he only wanted to prevent those who were teaching false doctrine from doing so. (Hear, hear, and a laugh.) After a long debate the President ruled that the motion was in perfect order. He therefore proceeded to address the House on the catechisms, taking por- tions of them in illustration, and when he had spoken, the matter waa taken up very ably by a olergyraan, the Rev. W. Swindlehurst. (Hear, hear.) The portions of the catechism he (Mr. Hungerford) took up related to the sacrament of the Lord's Supper. The Catechisms laid down dis- tinctly the doctrine that this sacrament was a sacrifice, a sacrificial offering in the act of con- secration of the body and blood of Christ. The Catechism went on to ask the question-What is this sacrament ? A sacrifice. What is it some- times called ? It is sometimes called Holy Com- munion. Again-It is sometimes called the Supper of the Lord. Then the question was asked-What is it called in reality ? and the answer was-It is called a sacrifice. He had always thought there had been one full and all complete and sufficient sacrifice by the blood of Christ, and that, once offered, it was sufficient for the sins of the whole world. (Hear, hear.) But the Catechism told them tho contrary. And what did the Catechism show ? That its singlo and prevailing spirit was an endeavour to gain spiritual supremacy. (Hear, hear.) A portion of the book related to confession, of which he would say something presently: its evident purpose was to restore to the clergy that spiritual power which was exerted by the clergy of the church from which the Church of England had seceded. If they carne to consider the matter, this doctrine of the Catechisms was a literal dishonor of the Redeemer, whose one sufficient sacrifice had been made for the whole world Could they conceive anything more terribly insulting to the Redeemer than the supposition that the prayers of a man could make bread and wine His body and blood,-that was, create a God by the act of con- secration. Christ had said,-Where two or three are gathered together, there am I in the midst. He was in the midst of men gathered in His name, and had been in His church for eighteen hundred years watching and guiding it, but who could say that He was with these men who turned their backs to tho people, and professed to convert the mean and beggarly elements of bread and wine into His veritable body and blood? They insulted the Creator in worshipping the creatures He had made, which they professed to be able to turn into a God. From the foundation of the church spiritual supremacy had been the aim of the priests. And idolatrous teuJencies have exhibited themselves in mankind from the time that God called Abraham out of Mesopotamia. The Israelites in the wilder ' ness had worshipped a golden calf, and had earned terrible judgments. The sons of Aaron for offering strange fire were put to death. Incense was used ? freely in the Jewish ceremonial, and this strange fire meant incense the use of which had , not been authorised. In later days the wor , ship »f Baal brought further judgments on ? the Israelites, and in the Romanish Church idolatry was practised in the worship of the , mass, or, what was called in the Catechism, the body and blood of Christ. In the Book of Job, we read of Satan walking up and down upon the earth and going to and fro in it, and Satan was still at the , Bame practice, a* he had been among the apostles and the prophets, perverting the ways of the Loid, , and leading men to idolatry. In all ages of the Church this tendency to idolatry had been evident, and it was exhibited once again in the endeavour of the framers of the Catechism to make people worship the elements in the sacrament, under , the pretence that they were Christ's body and blood. All crime waa the violation of a principle, and the magnitude of crime was to be judged by the consequences. The principles whioh should guide men were two-Christ had stated thom with brevity, yet with fulness, when he gave the , summary of the whole law. The first was-The Lord our God is one God,-that was the principle ; and the detail followed-Thou shall serve Him with all thy mind and soul and strength. And the Becond principle was-Thou shalt love thy neigh- bour as thyself. On these two, said our Lord, hang all the law and the prophots. The whole progress of mankind had been regulated by the degree in which men had observed these two principles, or had violated them. The peoples at this day who adhered to idolatry were at the lowest depths of degradation j whoreas England, who though imperfectly had followed those nrinciules. had reached a Ditch of nre-eminence. which had been equalled by no nation in the world. Why was England great, progressive, and free ? Not because her sons were Saxons, or were Englishmpn. Why was it that a little speck as it were in the Northern Hemisphere should stand out prominently, regulate the political economy of the world, and hold in check the greater nations? I Simply because she carried out the two principles of honour to God and love of the neighbour-not ' in their entirety : England would be a paradise if ' she did-but yet in a conspicuous degree. Hence her greatness. (Applause.) Whereas those nations ' which had dishonoured the Almighty Ruler of the ' World, and had reft away the liberties of mankind, ' and sought only their own aggrandisement, were ' suffering the due punishment of their sins. When ! these things were considered, and the magnitude ' of the issues at stake to themselves and to tlnnr c children, was it to be wondered that they should * bo firm and earnest and energetic in the support l of what they conceived to be the truth. Jehovah ' I JÎJ _"t "..".." 4.1." ".¡"Vn^l ov.,1 Ko ",.0,1 "" T,¡i,j t words, when during His days on earth, He said- 3 Ye generation of vipers, how will ye escapñ ' the damnation of hell P The Chairman had ' alluded to the revision of the Prayer Book. E When the Hon. G. H. Cox had pro- ' posed his motion in the Synod, Tie (Mr. Hunger- ( ford) had seconded the resolution. The incumbent * of Christ Church eulogised in the highest manner ^ the style, not the matter, of Mr. Cox's speech, but * with reference lo that of the seconder asked what ' they might expect if that gentleman had his way. s But Christ was not gentle in reproof of error, and c what would this gentleman have said if the words B of the Master had been addressed to him-O, ye ^ generation of vipers, how shall yc escape the Í ' damnation of hell ? There was another little v I matter about the Catechism. The confessional d was brought in. We are enjoined to confess our * sins one to another, but the ritualistic party intro- * duced confession as a means whereby, through the I power of granting absolution, the priest may gain P control over mon. He would ask them to listen to what some of the Fathers of the Church had said about absolution : , a The Archbishops of Canterbury and York.-" We + believe that through tho system of the Confessional, a great evil has beeu wrought in the Church of s Rome, and that our Reformers acted wisely in allow- ii ing it no place in our Reformed Church, and we take ^ this opportunity of expressing our entire disapproval of uny such innovation, and our firm determination to do all in our power to discourage it."-Extract " from Reply dated June 16, 1873, to the Memorial h Archbishop of Canterbury (Dr Tait \\_«t* early m my Episcopate that a case A^ fore me where a curate had coramH-t^I ÏÏ2F ,.b? my judgment in this matter of co^èS Sar* ta obliged to cancel his Ucease and remove him C*8 the position which he occupied, because T iS?-01 creet use of the system of fbMSSgEEf* . . . I agree with what the Bisbor, of r%£§',£ has said, that if any young ¿nan in ,T eld «bother appointed by mysTüöf notwero to f» similar objectionable practices in Satter Ô& fession, I should think it were jny dutv to ¿»Í*« w" license as I did in the case I have referred ^ ^ . . Where we find that either aOT^no," ' old man, has transgressed the ¿Ö^ÄSt? and has introduced that which is ali*« ET $' Church of England, we are bound to ex Äa? ever authority wo possess, in order to curb«,» " -, which is thn, Hkelyto spring up. K hoÄS truly that this is an evil amongst young women who have a sort of craving for some pewon who shall be their guide in these matters Bishop of Bath and Wells (Lord Arthur Hervey) -"It is notorious that thereare those in the Church at the present day who have deliberately and avowedly undertaken the task of revolutionising the Church of England as to her doctrine and her ritual, and of effecting her re-union with the'Church of Rome. There is scarcely a single doctorine of that corrupt communion which it has not been at tempted of late to bring back among us. As he had said before, it was one of the most evident things to him, from the little observation he had made, and from the history he had learned, that the great aim and end of the Sacerdotal system was to gain a spiritual ascendancy. But let him place side by side with a conception of man by mon what God thought of man. One of the most sublime poets had written : This beam ethereal, solid and absorbed, Though sullied end dishonour'd, still divine; ' Dim miniature of greatness absolute This heir of glory, fragile child of dust. . , Helpless, immortal, insect, infinite, A worm, a god; I tremble at myself, Íjina in myself am lost. At home a stranger, wandering up and down, ] Surprised, aghast, and wondering at her own ' How reason reels.' Oh, what a miracle Is man to man. How passing wonder He who made him such. Who centred in our make such strange extremes, Alternately transported and alarmed. What can preserve my life, or what destroy ? , , An angel cannot snatch mc from the grave, ,; , Legions of angels can't confine me there. This distinct link in Being's Endless Chain, . " Midway from Nothing to the Deity. That was the description man gave of himself. Now place in uxtaposition the photograph which God had given of man-"Thou art poor, and wretched, and miserable, and blind, and naked." Thoy were taught in the Catechisms that there was something men can do-that ho could do meritorious acts. Although our Saviour said '* Believe," the CatechismB said faith would not save ; there must be works added. Consequently they dishonoured the Saviour, who said man was poor and miserable and blind and naked j they con- tradicted the Creator, and strove to make men accept the falsehood of the devil instead of the truth of God. The Catechisms and their teaching made it evident that there was now present what had been prosont in the Church throughout the history of mankind. There could be no doubt of the enormous importance of the question before the country. They could not help seeing the de- clensions from the Church of England to that of Rome, and the cause was spreading moro and more in the colonies. Therefore the Church Associatiori had been formed, that the hands of men might bo raised in defence of true spiritual Christianity. Its platform was that God is a spirit, and those who worship Him must worship Him in spirit andin truth. The practices of the present day to which they objected were not known to the Apostles, and what presumption it was for these ritualists to say that thoy knew bettor than the Apostles what was neces- sary to bring men to a knowledge of tho truth Thore had been evidence in past days of the work- ing of Satan, and our Saviour had cast out devils In theso timps the devil did not appear with wings and tail and claws, but his cloven foot could he seen peeping out beneath the hem of the ritualistic garment. These gentry gave stones for bread, death instead of life, and deserved the appellation of the Saviour, "Ye vipers." They were guilty of the most dreadful crime of idolatry, which was punished by God more severely than the crime of murder, because, while the mur- derer took only ono life, the idolator inj ures the State. They must humbly a3k Almighty God to be with His Church to the end. There was much to be done. When Synodical action was begun) the lay element was introduced, and the laity were a check upon the clergy. He was not at first in favour of the voluntary system, but now he saw that, while the laity held the purse, they would be unfaithful to themselves and to their children if they did not check those who were untrue to their trust. Men faithful to their obligation^ never failed to receive support, but the supporters of un- true pastors were participants in their crime. (Ap- plause.) On the motion of Mr. Garland, seconded by Mr. C. H. King, Mr. Hungerford was thanked heartily for his address. Mr. J. G. Chapman, who was called upon to road a paper, desired first to define his position. He had been a resident of Maitland for 33 years, and for 28 or 29 years a parishioner of St. Paul's. He had received a good Christian education, having had a good mother, and he had always loved freedom. (Hear, hear.) Therefore he was ready to resist any encroachments on liberty, and, because he loved hiB fellow creatures, he was anxious to point out any dangers to which they were exposed unwittingly or unawares. Ue had seen erroi'3 creeping into the Church, of which he had been a .member for 28 years; his children had all been baptised there; li i'a ,oîfr> waa a ni o m li or np flin ulinir milan ha inftxriort her. He had been superintendent of two Sunday schools in the parish, had been an officer of the Church, and had suffered for it. For, with thirteen others, he had run the risk of going lo prison as an officer of the Church. Therefore, he loved St} Paul's, and he was not going to relinquish the effort to alter the present Btate of things. When trouble came, he would take his stand like a man. (Hear, hear.) He would never desert his church, and, whatever was said, he would stand by it. He had no illfeeling towards Mr. Worner ; it was only because he taught what the Church called heresy that he opposed him. People wore ignorant of these questions, and had confi- dence in their ministers. But now it was necessary that they should study the matter, in order to know whether or not they were being led rightly* He had therefore, as a contribution to that study* prepared a paper which ho had called THIS FINGER ON THE SION POST. What is a sign p03t ? Not much ; some wood, and a little paint, that is all ; but how important to a traveller. And what traveller would bo so taken up with the wood and the painting of ths> sign post as not to regard that which is writtenon it. Then let us, who are all indeed on a journey to a place from, whence none can return, carefully examine these sign posts set up before us by the way, and seo what they tell us. Thank God, we have got a Guide Book by us to which we caa =7-¡THod's Holy Book of Truth ¡" nnd thewoy l^noa, though humble, though a fool, need fe Ti therein. Do not fear being charged with " gumption in reading that Guide Book for your P if he only fear you need havo is your own . lince Y"* TW havc * said <* yoU by *"" TZ «Will you examine and question my S£. -1« ' *** ^ the SCTtUr - S rod have had an University education Sd the Scriptures, like the noble Bereans, and will seo that when the only Faultless Sid, the Head of the Church Himself, TZearth, the Pharisees who know the Smp £5. "Coasted «Have any of the Rulers or the Pharisees believed on HimJol» U Then turn to another passage, Mark 12, 37, and S « And the common peoplehcard himgladly. Who were the wise ones ? Are you not arnon, ho common people ? God will not judge you by the gS, but by the plain English, which you should Tto 200 of our clergy of the Church of England. ,ViU ona-half agree with the other half ? No, one M would be shocked to receive or follow the vieWs of the other half. Which are we to hear or ¡ten to ? Both say we have the truth, follow us. And yet their practices and teachings are as far one from the other as light is from darkness. Search the Scriptures; examine all your ministers practices -md teachings, which are both matters of doctrinal truth or error, but the light of fccriprure, w«.o« "ivetb light unto the simple, will be a light unto thy path. Let us not, then, fear the charge of presumption j but be like the Bereans, who were considered more noble in that they received the word with all readiness of mind, and searched the Scriptures daily, whether those things wer« so. And, further, the articles of our religion say, Holy Scripture containeth all things necessary to salvation; so that whatsoever is not ."j +i,","in nor MiRV be proved thereby, is not to be required of any man that it should bo believed as an article of the faith ¡ or be thought requisite or necessary to salvation. So, therefore, we have the authority of our Church to try all things, and prove all thingB, and may we hold fast to that which is good by the light of Holy Scripture. To our sorrow, we see in the present day a deter- mined attempt mado by some of our clergy to revive the practices and the teachings of pre-Refor mation times, under the high-sounding name of Anglo-Catholicism, but what we may justly call sham Romanism ; it is Romanism without a Pope. All the worst errors of Rome are taught, but with- out any authority or obedience-each priest being in himself a Pope. You aro called upon to obey your clergyman, and he can do as he likes. We could give hundreds of examples, but time will not permit. The foundation error that is being taught has a long name, and is called Transubstantiation, and it came into the Church like all other errors the same as errors have been sneaked into St. Paul's Church, West Maitland, by degrees. For the first few hundred years after Christ, this doctrine was unknown in the church, then it came in hero and there. Its first principal teachers were two men called John of Damascos and Amellarius, about Ï00 yent« after Christ, but it was not generally held until 1051, when, at a great council of the church, it was decreed to be an article of faith which all must hold, and more blood has been shed to make men submit to this one erioi than to all the other eirois of Eome ] ut together Hie doctiinc itself ma3 bestifced in a fow words, vi?, that when Our Lord instituted the Holy Com- munion to he taken m íeraembrance of His death until He comes ag un, and said the nords, "This l8 my Body," He moant His real body ot flesh , and when Ile said *' This is my Blood," He meant the real blood that was in Hib veins This is the doc- trine as Roman Catholics state it themselves, but what is still more wondciful-they declare that, when any pnest consecrates tho bread and wine for communion, as he says the words " f his is my body," the bro id tnrns into the real body of the Lord, and at the words, " This is my blood," the wine is changed into the real blood of the Loid Such, tliLn, is the Roman Catholic doctnue of tran substantiation, and we may, in passing ask, does not theEov T D Warner's catechisms teach the same ' Then the priest, as he cannot turn his back on the place where ho holds that tho real body of the Lord íb laid, must needB stand with his back to the people. Is not this done at St. Paul's ? They also decorate the txble, some putting on crosses, candlesticks, vases of flowers ; others!adding gold, jewels, lace, pictures, and many other things, to do honor to the place where they Bay the real body of the Lord is, or has at any time been placed. Are not some of these things done at St. Paul's ? Yes I A thousand times yes ; but they have not the honesty to tell yon so. The Romanists use special colors for special occasions. Is not the same practice adopted by Mr. Warner ? Thus, white on the feasts of the Lord, the Virgin Mary, and saints and angels, red at Whitsuntide, purple in Lent and Advent, black on Good Friday, and green on all common days. ?When you see this in your church, or in any church professing to belong to the Protestant Reformed Church of England, do not let your oyes or your understanding be dazzled by the colors of the drapery covered with Romish emblems, neither be ensnared by the colors of the beautiful flowers in the vases; but notice the sign poBt-read the notice on the board: This way to Rome and the doctrine of Transubstantiation. Now, while we admit that there is nothing in earth or heaven itself good enough to adorn the place on which the real body of the Lord could bo laid, we do not believe that any man has the power tobring down the real body of the Lord from heaven, His dwelling place, neither do we believe that there is or ever was in the Christian Church an order of Sacrificing Priests. And here are the pointe on which we strongly proteat against the doctrine of Rome. The question is not whether we object to decorate the communion table, but whether we will consent to decorate it for the reception of the Lord's body s for we Protestants hold that no chango at all takes place in the bread and wine (does Mr. Warner's catechism say this ?) but that the bread is bread and the wine is wine as Much after consecration as it was before-1 Cor. ii. 23 to 2G. And when he had given thanks he brake it, and said, Take, eat ; this is my body, which is broken for you : this do in remembrance of me. After the same manner also he took the cup, where he had supped, saying, This cup is the new testa- ment in my blood : this do ye, as often as ye drink ti, in remembrance of me. For as often as yo eat this bread, and di ink this cup, ye do shew the Lord's death till ho come. At the same time we admit that consecrating the bread and wine has set them aside for a most holy I purpose, and that therefore they are to be treated with the utmost reverence, and to be used only for the purpose for which they have been consecrated, that is, to be partaken of by those only who seek to be benefitted by their dear Lord's deathand passion, who than feed on Him in their hearts by faith with ' thanksgiving, and, while they aro showing the Lord s death till He come, they do it according to His j «omraand and in remembrance of Him. I Such, my friends, are the opposite views that the Church of Rome and the Church of England severally hold on this doctrine of the Lord's Supper ; and Pro- testants may well feel pained and alarmed to see the errors of Rome brought back to us, after all it cost to cast them off. Thus we perceive the necessity of looking out for sign posts set up in our way, and the way the finger is pointing, and the first glance at the Communion Table will show the teaching we may in due time expect in the pulpit. You will not get the doctrine of Transubstanriation taught from the pulpit yet. Oh, no ! you are not fit for that yet. The first step is to familiarise yonr eyo and mind with the pretty things in the chancel, and the gorgoousness of the decorations on the Communion Table ; next to have a surpliced choir, who necessarily is under the command of the minister, and they will emphasize Romanism in the singing. Cannot you find it ; look out for it, and you will find it there under the guise of reverence. Why do they stand, while you. arc sitting down ? only to coach you up to do the same. Why do they turn to the cast during the time the creed is said ? simply that they are under the orders of tho officiating priest, and to encourago you to do the same. When you can consider that the Communion Table is prepared to receive the real Body of the Lord, then you can understand why you should turn towards it when you recite your belief in our Saviour's birth, death, and resurrection. Every time you turn to the East, as thoy terra it, or turn towards Rume-which is the more proper term-you only help your minister on in what has been termed by a Bishop of our Church as an outward and visible sign of an unsoriptural, mischievous, and soul injuring doctrine. May we ask whence comes it P If you say you expect our Saviour at his second coming to appear in the East, then we say, you expect something not warranted by Scripture» Our Saviour's second coming ia spoken of in Scripture no less than forty-four times, and in no one instance is He spoken of as coming from tho east. The whole of the references can bo summed in that beautiful hymn : "Lo ! He comes, with clouds descending." Some say the Jews turned their faces towards the East when they worshipped the Lord : of this there is no Scriptural proof, but there is proof that the Jews prayed looking towards Jerusalem : Daniel prayed, kneeling, with his window open towards Jerusalem. Wo have an account of worshipping towards the East in the Bible. You will find it in Ezekiel viii., and 15 and 1C verse3 : " Then said he unto me, Hast thou seen this, O son of man ? Turn thee again, and thou sbaltsee greater abominations than these. And ho brought me into the inner court of the Lord's House ; and behold ! at the temple of the Lord, between the porch and the altar, were about fivo-aud-twenty men, with their backs towards the temple of the Lord, and they worshipped the sun toward? the east." And now for that specious argument, that turn- ing towards the east was a practico of the early church. Now, my friends, while we base our platform on God's writlon word, we, as searchers for the truth, are not so bigoted as to refuso any evidence tendered to us ; and, us the clergy lay great stress on the early Church, and the teachings of the Fathers, we will throw a light on church history, Thus, at the time of the Apostles, the practice of the eastward position in any way was unknown. At the time of the Apostolic Fathers, no mention was made of it by the recent discovery of the Jerusalem manuscript, The Didache and kindred documents in the original have been laid before the public, and are available for students j they have been translated by Philip Schaff, D D., LL.D., Professor in Union Theological College New York, and published in a book entitled the oldest Church Manual, called "The Teachings of the Twelve Apostles." The Didache fillb a gap between the Apostolic age and the Church of the second century, and gives the history of that mysterious transition peiiod between the years 75 and 150 A.D. In it is to be found liturgical prayers, but free prayer is sanctioned. There are prophets, but not a word about a Pope, or the worship of saints, angels, or the Virgin Mary. There is the Baptismal formula and the Eucharistie prayers, but, mark you, no word of an eastward position in connexion with anything whatever. Search history, and we do not find the eastward position in prayer until the third century, and, if you notice or have road the history of the Church, y ou find that, although pure at first, it soon became polluted, and as we travel down the stream of time we find pollutions, heresies, corrup- tions, and abominations more and more pronounced, until, by their immense aggregation, the glorious Reformation arose, and the Church was pure once more. In the third century we find heathen rites and ceremonies began to be grafted on to Christi- anity, or Christianity grafted on to Paganism, which it was trying to supplant ; and no doubt turning to the east was taken from the worship -of the sun, for wo find it recorded that the heathens had their suspicions that the Christians were aun worshippers, which Teitullian explained away by saying that thpy were lovers of the radiant east that figure of Christ. Clement Alexandrinus speaks of prayers made looking towards sunrise in tho east. Another was that in praying towards the east the soul is seeking and sighing for its old home in Paradise (very beautiful, but vr>ry superstitious). Another reason was that Christ when on the cross looked towards the west, so that in praying to the east we are looking towards Him. This reason we can estimate at its true value, par- ticularly when we know it was given by John of Damascus, who introduced the doctrine of trans substantiation and image worship j but what else do we find introduced into the church at about this same period? That it was an act of virtue to deceive and lie when by that means the interests of the church might be promoted. Also, that error in religion, when maintained and adhered to after proper admonition, was punishable with civil penalties and corporal tortures. So much for these authorities, which oui clergy hold up for our imita- tion. ' The best that can be said of the evidence of an eastward position is this-that it was pure imagery founded on sun worship and reasoned out by analogy ; and we may ask what pernicious practice cannot be built upon analogy? And, if we aro to carry out .this early prac- tice of the church, let us face the east in all our prayerful meditations, and let us do as the Apostolic Constitution directs, "rise up with one consent, and, looking to the east, pray to God eastward" ; but, my friends, this is not Scriptural. No, it is the invention of man. What does Our Saviour say : When thou prayest enter into thy closet, and when thou hast shut thy door, pray to thy Father, which is in secret, and thy Father who seeth in secret shall reward thee openly. Prayer is spoken of in the Bible over 80 times, and not once either directly or indirectly is reference made to an eastward position in prayer. Shall we listen to men with their formal religion, or shall we listen to Our Saviour with a spiritual religion. When yon see your minister turn his back on you and look ?towards the Communion Table, ask him why he ' does it ? Do not let him do it without a word from I you against it. Tell him that it is painful to many honest churchmen and women, and that it gives them great offence to see bira do so. Tell him that it is said to be a sign of the doctrine of tran substantiation, and pray him for the peace of tho church to discontinuo doing so. If it is really a triflo in his estimation, he will remember his Master's words, "Whoso shall offend one of these little ones, which believe in Me, it were botter for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that ho be drowned in the sea ! Woo unto tho world because of offences ? for it must needs he that offences como, but woe unto that man by whom the offence cometh." Matt, l8, 5 and C. Ho will also remember St. Paul's words, 2 Cor. 6, 3. " Giving no offence in anything that tho ministry bo not blamed." But will ho give up theso practices ? Judging from the history of these Ritualistic priests, we are sorry to think ho will not. They profess and preach sound Protestant doctrine the same as Mr. Warner did over the Catechisms, and at the same time indulge in these sham Romish practices. It is only throwing dust into your eyes so that you should not see tho sign post. Does the clergyman bow to the table, even though there be nothing on it ? To what can he be bow- ing unless he thinks the true body of the Lord has I been at some time there ? And when the bread and wine aro consecrated, does he fold his hands and bow hiB head before it, putting on a look for the time as if he were looking at the murdered body of the Lord. To what, and whore, does all this acting lead. See in it, marked in plain letters: To Rome. When you hear your minister continue to apply the word altar to the Communion table, beware ! for that means a place of sacrifice, and he who offi- ciâtes a sacrificing priest. When you hear your minister speak of the Holy Communion as a sacrifice, be you sure that he does not apply it to the bread and wine, for if he does you only help him in dis- honouring our Saviour by accepting the Communion at his hands, and you thereby acknowledge him to be a mediator between yourself and the Almighty. Tako the Communion service in the Prayer Book, read it through, and you will find that tho receiv- ing of the bread and wine is nowhere spoken of as a sacrifice. In the collect for the Church Militant hero on earth we say : Accept these our alms and oblations : this applies to the offertory. In the exhortation it aays, " So it is your bounden duty to receive the Communion in remembrance of his death." And in the prayer of Consecration, it speaks 'of Our Lord Jesus Christ who suffered death upon the cross for our redemption 5 who made there (by His one oblation of Himself once offered) a full, perfect, and sufficient sacrifice, oblation, and satisfaction for the sins of the whole world j and did institute, and in His Holy Gospel command us to continue a perpetual memory of that His precious death until His coming again. There is nothing about about the priest offering the bread and wine as a sacrifice. Now, where does the Eucharistie sacrifice occur ? Why, after wo have received the Holy Communion. When the communicants have all partaken, the Lord's Prayer is said, and then the Eucharistie sacri- fice is offered : O Lord and Heavenly Father, we Thy humble servants entirely desire Thy fatherly goodness mercifully to accept this our sacrifice of praise and thanksgiving, and here wo present unto Thee, O Lord, ourselves, our souls, and bodies, to be a reasonable, holy, and lively sacrifice unto Thee. And hero is Scripture proof-Christ has madt them priests unto God í Rev. 1-G. Their bodies aro living sacrifices : Rom. 12-1. Their offering is praise : Heb. 13-15. And good works : Phil. 4-18. If you believe the priest has power to change tho bread and wine into tho real body and blood of Christ, then you can believe that he offers up Christ to God foi the forgiveness of your sins, and if you believe any of these things you need not look for any direction to Rome, for you are there already. That is Romish doctrine, as taught by Mr. Warner's Catechism. Look to your Bible, and you will not find the Romish doctrine of a sacrificing priest there under the Christian dis- pensation. What does it say ? The Jewish Priest was to offer both gifts and sacrifices for sin. This was his special function, Heb. 5-1. It was his duty to dip his finger into the blood of the sin offering and sprinkle it seven times before the Lord. Ho alone went into the Holy of Holies once every year, but not without blood, which ho offered for himself and the people. Christ is the only High PrieBt under the Chris- tian dispensation : Heb. 3, 1. He dischargeth all the priestly functions, both priest and vic- tim. He offered Himself.'^once and only once. He needeth not daily, as those high priests, to offer up sacrifice, for this He did once, when He offered Himself up : Heb. 7, 27. Nor yet that He should offer Himself often, for then must He have often suffered: Heb. 0, 25, 26. Christ waa once offered to bear the sins of many-Heb. 9, 28. We are sanctified by the offering of the body of Jesus Christ once for all: Hob. 10, li. It is evident from the foregoing passages of Scripture, that Christ offered His one only offering once for all. This truth eould not be expressed more plainly. He offers not now, for this offering was connected with His suffering. If He offers now, He must suffer now ; but Christ dieth no more ; He suffers no moro ; but by virtue of that one oblation once offered Ho now appears in the presence of God for us. Christ is the only Priest; His sacrifice the only offering; that offering was finished on the cross. So now, my friends, beware of wolves in sheep's clothing j beware of false servants of our Master, who speak of the sacri- fice of Christ's body and blood. Beware of ministers who speak of the Communion Table as an altar ; those ministers who do so dishonour their Master's all-sufficient sacrifice, and all of you equally do the same when you-assist him in his delusions. What are you to do ? is that what you say? First, pray to God to direct you aright ahd to give you strength, and if you ask Him sincerely He will help you, and, with your Bible in your hand, confront your minister like a man. Do noÇ run away at the first sound of alarm, like a rabbit into its hole, but stand firm in the faith in which Christ hath made you free, and point out to him where his teachings or practices do not agree with your view of Scripture. Be not afraid, God is on our side. If he tells you it is no affair of yours what doctrine he teaches, that he is responsible, and not you, tell him God gave you reasoning faculties, and placed a responsibility upon you to use those faculties to His glory and the good of your fellow creatnreB ; that by rivers of blood, and by the fires at Smithfield, an open Bible, and the right of private judgment, were pur- chased, and that the glorious Reformation freed us from such Romish errors, and that yon decline to be led back to priestly rule and tyranny ; that you will try all his practices and teachings by the standard of God's Holy Word; and, like the noble Bereons, search the Scriptures daily to see if those things are so. On the motion of Mr. Rourke, seconded by Mr. Hunoerfobd, a voto of thanks to Mr. Chapman waa carried by acclamation. In putting the motion, the Chaibkan praised tho coinage, ability, and diligence of Mr. Chapman, and said he was pioud to be associated with a hardworking, honeEt son of toil, who was able in so manful a manner to defend the church. He also reminded the andienco that the battle could not be continued without a contribution of their means. In acknowledging tho vote, Mr. Chapman said the paper had indeed involved much trouble and research. In refeience to the Catechisms, he re- gretted that the Synod did not go a step further. They nero no longer sold at tho depot, but other books were obtainable, of a character of which they would judge, when he had read just one passage. He was sorry to take this course, because it might injuro the dopot, which he loved, and which was a useful institution, where people might get books at low prices. But the Synod had been told that it could exert no force in such matters beyond that of moral influence, and that the Vicar. General could do no more. Since authorities were power Icbb, the force of public opinion must be invoked. He hated sham as much as he loved the Church of England, and he asked whether the extract he was about to read did not show that tho depot, as a store of Church of England books, was not partially a sham. The Book was called The English Catholic's Vade Mecum, and at page 35 this passage occurred The Maxiner of Confession. In the Name of the Father, + and of tho Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Pray, Father, give mo thy blessing, for I have sinned, (Here the Priest will give the usual Benediction.) I confess to Almighty God, to Blessed Mary, to all Saints, and to thee, my ghostly father, that I have sinned exceedingly in thought, word, and deed, by my fault, by my own fault, by my own , grievous fault. (Here strike your breast thrice.) Since the time of my last Confession, when I re- ceived Absolution, and which was - ago, I accuse myself. (Here will follow the particulars of the Confession.) For these and for all my other sins, which I can- < not now remember, I am heartily sorry, and pur- i pose amendment ;' and most humbly ask pardon of < God, and penance, counsel, and absolution of thee, ( my ghostly father. i Wherefore I beg Blessed Mary, all Saints, and theo, my ghostly father, to pi ay to the Lord our i God for me. i (Hero the Priest will give any needful tnsírucíion ' or direction, and will assign a penance.) ' The book contained many words that ho had never seen before, and for the meaning would have to i consult a dictionary. There was another book, The \ Ritual Reason Why, also very objectionable, and ' The Churchman's Altar Manual taught prayers for the dead. He had mentioned these things, in the hope that the force of public opinion would quell the evil. A vote of thanks to tho Chairman closed the pro- ceedings. 