~WESLEYAS CONFERENCE. 'TFe annual meeting of the Wesleyan Con Teresccrwas opened on Tuesday evening in the Pirie-street Church. There waa a large ntbrnriAnftn. The retirincr President Rav. J. x . Simpson, occupied the chair, ana delivered THE ANNUAL ADDRESS^ which was in effect as follows:— The Wes leyan Church in England had during the past year suffered severe loss in the decease -of such men as Mr. Barlow, of Bolton, and Sir William MacArthur— men whose princely munificence and devoted Bervice to the Methodist Church were known to all. They had also to mourn the death of the Rev. William Batters, of London. The choicest years of his ministry were given to Australian Methodism, and the service thus rendered by his wise ad ministrative ability and eloquent ministry live in the grateful recollection of those who had the privilege of being associated with him in Church work. The Christian Church could ill afford to lose such men aa those— men of large hearts, Catholio sympathies, manly in the world's areaa, genial in human citizenship, but reserving their intensest affection for the cause of God. Shortly after the close of the last Conference the Committee of Privileges deemsd it ad visable to send a deputation of repre sentative ministers and laymen to convey the fraternal greetings of the Church to the Conference of the Bible Chriatain and Primitive Methodist Churches. The recep tion accorded was moat cordial, and the re presentatives of the Churches in their replies expressed the admiration and reapect enter tained by them towards the Wesleyan Metho dist Church. A kindly co-operation in Christian work where practicable, and a fuller cultivation of the fraternal spirit between the various Methodist Churches of this province, must be productive of much good to alL By direction of last Conference an address conveying loyal and respectful con gratulations of the Church to the Qaeen on the jubilee of her reign was forwarded through the Governor, to which Her Majesty aent a reply. The Wesleyan Churohea . obnerved Sunday, June 19, 1887, aa a special day of thanksgiving for mercies vouchsafed to the Qaeen. The jubilee year of the Church in the province was closed with ap propriate services in May last Although the year when the jubilee celsbra tioi-8 were held was one of the most disastrous commercially, yet the substantial expression of the people a gratitude amounted to the handsome earn of £22,G00. Ia the inception of the movement the Jubilee Secretary (the Rev. Charles T. Newman) said— 'If the movement ia to be productive of all the spiritual and financial results desired it will require the combined energies of ministers and people. I moat earnestly pray that whatever financial gain may be realized it will be the outcome of a deeper spiritual life and fuller consecration to the service of God.' These words had happy ful filment. The first distribution of jubilee funds was made in the month of October, when the sum of £3,500 was granted to the most dis tressed trusts, thus affording timely and substantial relief where most required. The Church building enterprises during the year had been comparatively few, and in most in stances the greater part of the necessary funds had been obtained before the erections were completed. The foundation- stones of two new Churches, viz , a handsome Church most centrally situated at Laura, and one of simpler architectural proportions at Eudunda had been laid. A neat and commodious Church at Bordertown had been opened, sufficient for Church work there for many yeem An Act to adapt and assimilate the existing trustB of the Wesleyan Methodist Church properties to the present constitution of the Church in South Australia, and for other collateral purposes, had passed the Legislature and received the assent of the Crown. Whilst the Bill did not grant all that was desired, yet in some important par ticulars it would be of much service to the Church. Through the generosity of the Messrs. Chaffey Brothers a selection of lands for Church purposas in their new irrigation colony, of Renmark had been obtained. The Conference evangelist, the Rev. David O'Donnell, had laboured with energy. His work, which had principally been confined to the country towns, had been marked with a gratifying measure of success. The financial results had caused the committee some amount of anxiety, which they hoped would be removed by the generosity of those who were most able to assist A class leaders' convention was held in August. The attendance was good, and fairly repre sentative. Thoughtful papers were read and admirable addresses followed, empha Bizing the conviction that class meetings were the mainstay of the spiritual activities. The second gathering was of the local preachers. The response to the invitation was hearty, and the meeting was large, con sidering the season of the year. Papers on different phases of a preacher's work were read, and frank discussion followed. Ths proposal for the establishment of a Local Preachers' Association to assist aged and infirm brethren was cheerfally adopted. Such an Association should commend itself to the people. The home mis sion work had been sustained in the face of many difficulties among the newies on the Great Northern line — the people in the new mining districts, and the settlers on Kangaroo Island, with some measure of succesB. The Northern Territory mission continues to nourish. The Rev. J. R. Brad bury at Palmeraton, who waa now the only Protestant minister in the Northern Terri tory, wiote hopofully of the future. It was hoped that arrangements would be made at the Conference for the appointment of a minister who had acquired the language and haslaboured for many years among the Chinese, so that aome well-directed efforts might be made for the evangelization of the Chinese population in the Northern Territory. From Western Australia accounts were received of the extension of work in the occupancy of new fields of labour and of extensive pro posals for the erection of new Churches and parsonages. From the returns furnished by the several district meetings it appeared that there were 7,662 members, with 820 on trial, under the care of 403 class-readers. In the Sunday-schools were 19,905 scholars. The attendants at public worship were 49,054, who were ministered to by 80 ministers and 416 local preach era. Yet with all the labour expended the results were far from satis factoi y. More attention must be given to the young people — in home, and Church, and school. Could not the public services be made more attractive to the young men and maidenB of our Church? Can they not be gathered into classes under careful conscien tious leaders, by whom they might be trained in Biblical knowledge and in true Christian life ? And thus equipped and strengthened the young people would be better prepared to meet the scepticism of the times. The trend of thought to-day was sceptical, and it might become more bo before it again became reverent and faithful. None could deny that thought is more dar ingly exercised and expressed on religious matters than it used to be. Views of God's truth were openly advanced and without fear of rebuke, which would scarcely have been ventured upon a generation since, even by those who were suspected of a freer thought Numbers of people had now what were called broader views— more liberal ideas than their father^ had— and, while professedly Chris tian, interpreted Christianity in a diffe rent way. The popular literature of the day was saturated with the scepti cal spirit, and the people could not escape its influence. That freer thought might' be closely allied with the decay of faith acd death of piety. Perhaps those were its special dangers, and they had need to guard against them. Their need as Chris tian Churches waa an increase of spiritual power. What precisely 'was spiritual power ? He would say that it was the power which came to him alone who had utterly and un reservedly yielded himself up to God, and who in the strength of r. personal experience from his heart could say, ' I believe in the Holy Ghost, the Lord and Giver of Life.' Spiritual power waa something additional to the Christian life — a distinct and separate gift — licked to the Holy Ghost on God a side and to faith on their Bide. It waa a living faith in the Triune God— a large faith laying it3 band of strength on all the promises, espe cially those that promised the gift of the Holy Ghost, not aa an influence, but as a divine person. Spiritual power demanded the abundance, healthfulnesa, and sweetness of the Christian life. Entire consecration was one of its conditions. They who possess it walked humbly with their God, and culti vated that tenderness of heart which feared to grieve Him. Living illustrations of its possession were in the circle of acquain tance. He would quote famous preachers or evangelists; homelier examples would do better. Such men and women had not necessarily commanding intel lects — were not masters of eloquence or of the art of managing men, were not born leaders, yet they had something about them that attracted, disarmed, interested, pene trated, and by God's graoa communicated itself to others. Their Christian life had that contagious quality which the early Methodists called unction. Fathers and brethren rested not without its beato«v ment. Had they not indulged too much in casting backward glances upon the glorious achisvementa of Christianity in the generations that were past? Do they not Deed frankly to confess their past shortcomings of service and boldly face the stern duties of the present and the limit less possibilities of the zature ? Events were moving faster than ordinary thinkera sup posed. The first essential duty was to secure the conversion of men — get men and women soundly converted, get them really to trait in the Lord Jesus as a personal Saviour, and they should then exhibit* tha victorious strength and vigour of. a renewed lif --, originated and sustained by direst' fellow ship with God. They needed to exhort Christian men and women to be daring en thusiastic workers in Christ's name. More fully than ever they must employ consecrated and capable laymen who were willing to give the whole of their time to the direct work of God. Where the Gospel was not preached let them be determined to preach it The present was theirs. They had room to work, and light to work in. The opportunities of yesterday could never be recalled, but they could honestly face the responsibilities of to day. They must not shrink from thinking about them ; they lay between them and God. There were passionate needs and great encouragement?, such as no previous age ever possessed, for honest work for God and the souls of men. ELECTION OF PRESIDENT. The names of all the ministers of fifteen years' standing who were eligible for the office of President of the Conference were read by the Secretary (the Rev. James Haslam). The election then took place, and the Rsv. James Hasli»m was declared elected. The exPresi dent handed him the Conference seal and Bible. Mr. Haslah expressed his sense of the honour conferred upon him, and mentioned that for more than twenty-one years he had exercised his miniatiy in South Australia. A more important Conference than that now opened had not beenheld, as the questions to be considered were of vital interest The work would demand wisdom and zeal, especially in the appointing of the sphere of labour for the year of each minister. Great changes were being advocated in Circuit matters, and in those God and the Church must bo first considered, then personal claims. Selfsacri ficing loyalty to Christ and Hia Church must be cultivated ; the claims of the brotherhood demanded it. and the times demanded it The Rev. D. S. Wylie wa3 chosen Secretary of the Conference, and the Revs J.Nicholson and R. Kelly were elected Assistant Secre taries. The Rev, R. S. Casely was elected letter-writer. STATIONS. The Stationing Committee made the follow ing recommendations ofnames and stations : — L Southern District — Adelaide (Pirie street), Samuel Knight, Samuel F. Prior (Draper Memorial). James Read (ilile-Eod). Richard Dnnetan (Parkside), James Bickford (Parkaide), supernumerary; (Archer-atreet) JofanH. Trevorow, John Watts (Prospect) ; (Kent Town) R. Morris Hunter, William Reed (Payneham), Thomas Raston (Kent Town), supernumerary ; (Norwood and Magill) Robert S. Cassely, Charles Lane (Magill) ; (Brompton) Thomas Lloyd; Unley, James Haslam; Glenelg, J. Young Simpson; Port Adelaide and Semaphore, William A. Langeford (Semaphore), George E. Rowe (Port);Gumeracha, William A. Potts; Wil lunga, John D. Langsford ; Clarendon, Archi bald J. Bogle : Aldgate and Summertown, one to be sent ; Mount Barker, Robert Kelly, one to be sent (Woodside) ; Murray Bridge and Callington, to be supplied ; Strathalbyn, George W. Kendrew; Yankalilla, Edward Barber; Goolwa, Charles H. Goldsmith; Kangaroo Island, to be supplied; Palmer ston, James R. Bradbury. II.— Middle Dhtrict— Gawler, William H. Rofe ; Kapunda, James Allen ; Angaston, Thomas B. Angwin, M.A. : Templera and Stockport, John Nairn; Burra, Henry T. Burgees, Augustus D. Bennett ; Clare, Albert Stubba, Albert W. Bray ; Auburn, John H. Gobs ; Riverton, John Leggoe ; Hanson, to be supplied ; Eudunda, Alfred P. Burgess. UL— N orthern District. — Melrose, William A. Bainger; Wilmington, Frederick S. Finch: Beltana and Blinman, to be supplied : Port Pirie, William G. Clarke; Crystal Brook and Redhill, Samuel Rossiter; Koo lunga, Thomas M. Rowe ; Jamestown, John Gillingham ; Laura, W. Benson Mather ; Terowie, Isaiah Perry ; Port Augusta, John C. Hill; Quorn, Thomas E. Thomas. M. A.; Hawker, Jonathan J. Nicholla ; Oladdie and Walloway (Johnaburg), Arthur S. J. Fry; Petersburg, John Blacket: Teetulpa, one to be sent; Silverton (N.S.W.), David O'Donnell, Henry C. George. IV.— Yorke'8 Peninsula District— Moonta, David S. Wylie, Joseph H. Hadley (Moonta Mines) ; Kadina and Wallaroo, H. Henwood Teague ; Port Wakefield, Walter H. Hanton ; Yorketown, Chaa. H. Nieldj Minlaton, George Hall: Maitland, William Stewart; Ardrossan, Henry Trewren ; Port Lincoln, William H. Hodge: Elliston, Henry Wil kinson; Franklin Harbour, one to be sent V,— South - Eastern District. — Mount Gambier, Joseph Nicholson ; Narracoorto, John N. Mills ; Millicent, William A. Milli kan ; Kingston, Benjamin Dorman ; Border town, George E. Wheatley. VI.— Western Australia District.— Perth, Paul C. Thomas, one from England, J. W. Mouland (Uuildford) ; Fremantle, Thomas A. James : York, Thomas Bird, one wanted, William Lowe, Supernumerary ; Geraldton, Vivian Roberts, Joseph G. Mitchell (Don garra)r Albany, Moaea Bullaa; Bunbury, Edward Holiday ; Newcastle and Northam, Horace FaulL L Charles T. Newman ia recommended by the Jubilee Committee to continue aa Jubilee Secretary. 2\. B. GUbart EdwardB aBks permission to rest for one year. 3\. Thomas Edmeades requests to be made a supernumerary. A vote of thanks was accorded to the ex President, on the motion of the Rev. C. Lane, seconded by the Rev. S. Bickfobd, supported by the Rev. R. M. Hunter. In his reply Mr. Simpson acknowledged the substantial help he had received from the various ministers of the city and suburban Circuits. The thanks of the Conference were given t} the Rev. James Haslam for service as Secretary. 