A0TA POPTJLL ? _^y . „. ? By the FiiANEira. The ill-starred Edgar Allan Poe once pithily ob served — ' To attack a man of talent is the easiest; way of arriving at celebrity— for fools. The scor pion would never have attained the honour oE being made a constellation had it not stung Her cules in the heel.' A splendid specimen oz this particular style of scorpion crawled into notice the other day by shooting its poisoned fangs at the heel ofc Mr. JDalley. It called itself ' Can did ;' which proved fchat it could be bitterly sar castic 'on itself at times. But it was speedily squelched and hoisted away to the nearest dirfc heap, where it and other rubbish might be shot. If there is one man in our midst who can truly claim to be a chevalier sans peur et sans reproche, that man is Mr. Dalley, and attacks made on him, after the villainous style of ' Candid/' serve but to bring his sterling qualities more prominently before the world. Possibly ' Candid' had an artful idea that he would acquire a certain amount of notoriety by being the subject of a oastigation at Mr. Dalley's hands ; but he sadly mistook the character of the man he sought to libel, and if he had been the possessor of as much brains as even a hen he would have known that men who have fought lions do not care to step aside and pole-ase a skunk. For the benefit of such ' candid' persons I re call the fable which tells how, after all the beasts of the forest had ad.mitted that the lion was king, a hyena took great pain3 to circulate his opinion that the lion was a colossal fraud, and only fit to turn a wheel in a tan pit. The wolf hearing this, called rouud to see the four-legged libeller, and asked — ' What's the use of your playing up like this ? Oar king will be a lion in spite of all you can say or do.' 'Probably so,' replied the other, 'but perhaps I may succeed in making some one believe I am not a hyena.' The moral rUns — The public seldom makes any mistake ill taking the measure of a howling hyena. I notice that another scorpion, bearing the hybrid Anglo-Israel name of ' .Robert Jacob,' has endeavoured to squirm into notice by spitting his spleen at our staunch old Protestant friend, ' Timothy Fogarty,' through the medium of an obscure saveloy-wrapper, miscalled a newspaper. Mr. Jacob must be credited with a certain amount of pluck, tempered by a very great deal of foolish ness, in going for ' Fighting Tim ' once more, for about two years ago he received a drubbin from Tim's shillelagh that should been felt and remembered even, by a cast-iron hippopotamus. So contemptible was the Jacobite attack that aa entire stranger took it up, even as far off as Maitland, and felt a decided call to do to the writer with his fists what ' Tim' had already done with his pen. Mi*. Jacob's principal objections to ' Fighting Tim' appear to be that he is (to use the choice Jacobite expression) ' an advocate for the Parnell mob,' 'a weak-kneed Protestant,' and bears a most re prehensible resemblance to William Ewarfc Glad stone, inasmuch as ' Tim's' real initials are ' W. E.,' and, consequently, he only lacks a G. t,o be on a level with the G.O.M. himself. These are terrible crimes in the worthless opinion of Mr. Jocob, no doubt ; but ' Tim' can afford to treat the charges with contempt, for he holds a 25 years' unblemished record of citizenship, and as a thoroughly liberal Protestant and true friend of the oppressed, he stands second to none in our midst. Mr. Jacob, if he is anything at all, is an Orangeman first and a Protestant after; but 'Tim' is too manly and straightforward to mix up with the bigotted baud, and this is the real head and front of his offending. Touching the similarity of ' Tim's' initials to Mr. Gladstone's, Mr. Jacob might charitably admit that this is ' Tim's' misfortune, not his fault. Everyone cannot be a. Robert Jacob, either by name or by nature (which is a precious good thing for society at large), and as to the ' weak-kneed Protestant' I can only say that if Mr. Jacob's knees are as strong as his head seems thick he is a pilla o' his ohurch which not even the strength of a Samson could cause to totter. Another matter which seems to sour Mr. Jacob's Orange blood is the fact that the Assyrian is still coinia lfow& pea wqKoatb.9 Md,^ asbepttte ihe case, ' Romans are now coming into Australia in greater number than Protestants, in the shape of fchose mysterious Assyrians.' Thio of course is another Machiavellian device ol! crafty ' Tim's/' for there was once a King o£ Assyria named Waah Esserbaaldanapul (name initials as Tim's), and no doubt Tim is en Assyrian himself, after all, a,nd is doing his level best to overrun the colony with his coffee-coloured relations. I have an idea also that he is a first cousin to the late Raineses No. 3, and unless Mr. Jacob keeps his' 'beagle heye ' on him, Eameses Fogarty will root up all his mummy relations, and then, not only all Aus tralia but even Orangeism will be at the mercy of Tim and his cousins, the mighty Pharaohs. In any case, however, I would strongly advise Brother Jacob to let Fighting Tim alone for the future. He is a man whom neither malice nor envy can harm, for his sterling integrity of pur pose has placed him far beyond their reach, and 1 ?would also remind the strong-kneed Jacob that althoagh the pen is mightier than the sword, still this shillelagh never misses fire, and is mightier than both together. Touching the doings of the ' Pavneilito mob,5 it may interest Mr. Jacob, and that intelligent animal the 'yellow pup,' to know that another fool-headed fanatic recently made the astounding discovery that the marriage rate had woefully fallen off during late years in Ireland, and with the customary charity and stupidity of Ms par ticular 'mob/' he jumped to the conclusion that this falling off in marriages had been followed up, or was actually caused, by a proportionate amount of immorality. Most unfortunately for this slan derer's statement the statistics furnished by English officials proved that the immorality re ferred to is less in Ireland than in any country in Europe. Taking the figure3 from the United Kingdom, we find that the number of illegitimate to legitimate births in England is 6 per cent ; in Scotland, 10 pec cent, and in Ireland 3 per cent ; and furthermore, the Irish score would be far from reaching even the 3 per cent, were it not for the immorality which statistics show unfortunately exists in portions of the province of Ulster in the northern division of the island, where Orangeism holds its greatest strength. In no other country in the world does morality attain a higher stan dard than in Ireland, and before John Bright grew broody hesaw and acknowledged this fact when he said lie 'believed it true that there was no Christian nation in which crime of the ordinary character was so rare as amongst the Irish and none more industrious in every country but their own.' ThoBe who kick with a different foot from that of the ' Parnell mob' may be further interested to know that during the reign of our preemi nently good and gracious Queen something like 1,225,000 Irish people have been starved to death, 3,670,000 evicted from their homes, and 4,200,000 forced to emigrate to foreign lands. During the quarter ending June this year, the population of Ireland was decreased by 37,000, but as a proof that their native land is ever dear we have the statement made in a recent issue of London So ciety to the effect that in five or sis years 18,000 Irish girls who had been assisted to emigrate sent home .£240,000 sterling, ' a great part of which has gone in payment of impossible rents to ab sentee landlords.' To all but the most arrant bigots these facts and figures must conclusively prove that English rule in Ireland has been a most disastrous failure, and the ' Parnell mob ' are in every way justified in their noble efforts to work a so-much-needed reform as that for which they are now struggling. That the Irish people could be as industrious in their own country as they are out of it was acknowledged even by Lord Clare, for he declared that during the 18 years of Grattan's Parliament Ireland progressed more than any other nation ever did in so short a period. The trouble of Timothy Breen is now over, and I fancy he comes out of it a very much wiser man. No doubt Mr. Breen heard the cynic's remark that ' every man has his price ;' but he made a very great mistake in presuming that the price of a Premier was a paltry tenner. The Packsniffian philanthropy of Sir Henry Parkes also received a nasty knock, for his first action in this matter has been condemned from one end of Australia to the ?other. That he repented of his folly is evident from the fact that he graciously advised the remission of the child-like Timothy's fine. The case must have been very thin, indeed, when not even Judge Docker had the heart to pass one of hi3 fine old thumping sentences ; but it was satisfac tory to hear that he managed to get off his cus tomary joke, and when Timothy's explanation was handed up he fingered the paper and plea santly observed, ' Ha — hum — there aro no 'notes' about this note, I notice/' Such delicate, well timed humour as this is always highly refreshing but it must be particularly pleasant to the man who is anxiously waiting to know if he is to be hanged at once, or merely sent up for a 100 years or so to the State House at Darling [hurst. Perhaps the funniest; part o'c 'his Honor's re marks, however, occurred when ho said he was ' glad to know that the offence oi ' bribery was of a very/ rare nature in this colgny. , and was still more glad to know that the attempts made had never been successful.' Nearly everyone in the Court was just about to shout, ' What ! Ne'vah P' when it suddenly occurred to them that the joke was older than even one of the Judge's own, and so his Honor got a chance to continue his chat, and observe that ' a few days ago a convicted felon handed him a letter which pointed out that ho should not be punished, as he had unsuccess fully endeavoured to obtain a situation in the railway department.' A very interesting problem to work out just here would be this — If a man should be excused for turning burglar because his too sensitive feelings had been hurt by the re fusal of a heartless Government to allow him to fill the lucrative post of an oil- splasher in the railway service, what crime ought a man be al' lowed to commit after being cruelly thrust back and told he could never be a postman, or a night policeman ? And speaking of problems, I am considerably surprised (and equally pleased) to find my last week's terrible teasers went down before the algebraic abilities of some o£ our Freeman readers as easily as a pint of beer and a pie would go down before a full private after a day's heavy marching. One of the first correct solu tions to hand catne from my esteemed friend the ' Carter,' to whom I am indebted for the problem starting inspiration. ' Mr. A. IVTCabe,' who 'gets there every time,' and with little trouble too, is again correct in both of his solutions, and bo also is 'T. MfManus, Breadalbane Public School.' As I expect to hear from others, I will postpone publishing the answers until nest week, meanwhile complimenting the above trio on their cleverness, and assuring our readers in general that we never fear of being stuck up for an able Colonial Treasurer so long as we can boast of such lightning calculators as Messrs. Carter and Co. Mr. Justice Williams, o£ Victoria, is what Mr_ M'Elhone, in his own poetic style, would proclaim to be a 'pretty hot piece of property.' There would appear to also be a deal of Mr. M' Elhone's vigorous English stowed away about his Honor, for in a recent address to the Australian Natives across the border he bluntly declared that he 'heartily despised such Australians by birth as do not ob ject to pay a, guinea a head to go to the theatre to have a sniff at Governors and Governors' wives.' This was rough, no doubt, but the sentiment is good, and deserves encouraging, A certain Austrian Field-Marshal used to loftily declare that ' humanity began with the barons only,' and there are rnauy who by their grovelling actions heartily endorse this preposterous asser tion. The worst play ever written will always be welcomed by a full house, providing it is per formed before a Vice-regal party, while a beggarly array of empty benches has often accompanied first-class performances of such immortal works as Hamlet and Lear. Judge Williams's tilt at flunkeyism was not allowed to go unchallenged, however, for a party who signed himself ' Anti Fenianism,' and who was probably born on Pan cake night, and had his head filled with batter instead of brains, wrote an indignant epistle to the Argus and asked — 'Suppose the words uttered by Mr. Justice Williams against his Excellency had been printed as the opinions of the newspaper, and that an action had been brought against the offending journal, what then?' What then! Why, there was a time in this colony (when the Kiama Ghost was at the zenith of its fame), when these words would have been considered ' flat burglary as ever was com mitted,' as old Stipendiary Dogberry would aay, and the offender would have been hanged halfa dozen times and flogged between the acts ; but I really fear we are not quite so ultra-loyal now, for while the band played ' God save the Queen' at Eandwick the other day the only persons who removed their hats were the bald-headed men who wished to cool their craniums. Decidedly we are not so slavish as we were, and what w have lost in that line we have gained in the matter of common sense. In connection with the Kitts-Boots- Govern ' r Musgrave rumpus which upended Queensland ae other day there was one little incident w- ch should not be passed too quickly over. The Go vernor and the Government of the Bananaland were at daggers drawn, a deadlock was imminent, and very serious consequences seemed about to ensue. Appeal was made to the Imperial head of affairs, and back came the reply tha t Lord Knuts ford had ' gone shooting ;' consequently every thing would have to remain at a standstill until his Lordship had done popping away at the birds and felt fit to fatigue himself with the cares of office once more. Wha$ was Queensland to him then ; or how could any sane person expect a No. 1 Lord like Knuts ford to give up his sport and go pottering round to decide a question which turned on a derned old pair of boots ? This ie one of the many pecu liar advantages which wo gain by being bossed by men who live 16,000 miles away, but my Lord Knutsford will have to be careful that he is not ' gone shooting' whenever this colony calls upon him for advice, for we have a Premier here who would think little of bundling him out of his billet and boBBing the ehow himself. Edison, the phonograph phiend, has of late been adding improvements, as he calls them, to his murder-inciting instrument, and has so perfected this infernal machine that it can now be used to bottle up baby-talk and baby-yells for future usage, jusfc the same aG people tin sardines or oysters. Edison, it seems, has a new baby (about the only article in his house for which he has not taken out a patent), and all baby's crows and chatter, and sighs and screams, are now duly caught and canned in the phonograph ; Pa Edison's intention being to present it to the young lady on her wedding morn, so that she may not put on too much side when she is shown from what a very small beginning- she sprang. The next instrument to be produced is the hustings phonograph, and when this is per fected and set to work civil wars will desolate the land. Every free and independent elector will arm himself with one of these diabolical weapons, wherein every promise made by the guileless can didate will be recorded, and the moment he attempts to go back on them, a thousand phono graphs will screech his broken pledges atQliis head from the strangers' gallery, and he will sit down with sorrow and curse the day that Edison wa3 born. 