%stralian Tales and Adventures. No. 15. A STRANGE STORY. By B. P. WH1TW0BTH. The (twj I am about to relate is a slnnim; one. Is it true ? I do not know. Jutkud from the stand point of every day experiaii:r<, I should say that it iB impossible that it could have happened, and yet, marvellously anil totally unaccountable as it seouis and is to me, I eaanot bat believe it to bo positively and absolutely a (act. It is one ot those things which oannot be explained, and which will not be explained sway. We live oat visible life, as it were, passing over a narrow bridge lying between two im measurable gulfs, that behind lis being the irrevocable past, and that before, the in scrutable future. What these gulfs contain, what is sailed the nnseen world, whether anything or nothing, tangible or intangible, science tells ns nothing about. Do, then, the disembodied spirits of the dead ever return to earth. Iiet my story tell what I think, and cannot bat believe. Many, very many yean ago, when I was a Eiung man, little more than a youth in fact, st come (ram England to seek my fortune thiB (ail land of Australia, I had made np my mind to become what was the summit of so many ambitions, a squatter. I must tell you there were two ol ub, myself and my cousin, Jim Welsh, a son of my father's sister. He was of about the same age as my self, and I was deeply attached to him, as he was to me. We bad been st school and col lege together, and I mention this latter to ?how that we were both tolerably well edu cated, and therefore not likely to be imbned with the superstition and fanciful credulity that BO often go hand in hand with ignor ance. As I have said, we were deeply attaohed to each other, a oase ot Damon and Pythias, or Orestes and Pylades, or, bettor still, of David end Jonathan. We had come ont in (be same chip, and had vowed never to separate, bat to stick together through good and ill. We had heard and read in England of the free wild life of ttii' cattle kings, ot the bnunrilew plains, aod brei zy downs, and grassy glens ot the land nt Ihu Sombi'rn Cross, and ourbpnrtuswellod high with hope that we too, some ilfty, should become, ae they were, lords of the soil. But to become Fqaatters, it was necessary for us to know something about squatting. We were fairly well provided with funds, and Lr.d .some good letters of introdnotion, and sating on the advice of b gentleman who had known Jim's father, we determined, before venturing into a business ot which wo knew nothing, to go, for a time, on a station, and gsin colonial experience. Sheep we would have nothing to do with. The life on a sheep run did not suit oar ideas. It was too tame a bind of thing for ns. ft faoked the spice of romacoe attendant upon cattle breeding. There was none of the headlong gailopping through the crashing timber, and down stony defiles and steep gullies, the camping ont be neath the giant gum troesin the solemn bush, the cracking Btookwhips, the cabbage-tree hats, ths blue shirts, the breeches and boots, and the other glories that render the life of a stockman so desirable-on jiaper, j Therefore, on a oattle station would we go. 1 There was no great difficulty in tbe matter. There were plenty ot squatters who would willingly tako os on their runa, end "break us in "-for a consideration, of oonrse. One of these offers wo aocepted. It was on the station of » gentleman named Macgregor, a canny old Scotchmen, which was situated on the upper part ot the Oonlborn river in Vic toria, ana which embraced some seventy thousand (teres ot good open forest country, carrying about eight thousand five hundred bead of eattle. We went to work in right dam earnest to loarh the business, and I may fairly say that we euoccedcd Admirably. We wore both toler ably Rood horsemen to begin with, and as old Mijcgregot was ft ri>:d end cxeot man, who would have hiB work done thoroughly well, and as we were anxious toleant, we,erelong, were turned out real!]' good baahmen. So much DO that after we bad been with the olduenUetnan a little over two yearn, be pro posed to un that we should take the eole obargo of the station during a visit whiob he proposed to t olro to the old ocrantry. Nothingoonld have suited onbetter. Yonng, ardent, onr own masters, with work that we took a delight in, we j'amped at the offer, and ere another month, ho had departed on hie home trip, and we were installed in the large comfortable house ol onr employer, practi cally " bosses " ot the situation, and certainly, monarche ot all we surveyed, [or the nearest house was Oarfrae's, over the ranges some twenty miles away. Ourhouse, as we considered it, was a wood.n structure, of many rooms, having a wide veraDdah round three sides. Itetooioti the arown ot A swelling down that formed the home paddook, and that eloped sway imt a email creek that formed one of tin.' aliJai :tis ot the Goulbarn, to the toot of a ran Re of hills .boat five miles away, and that ehut in the view to the north. Through this range, ucd exactly opposite the house, was a dip or gorge, known locally as " Uaogrcgor'e (rap," and be ing the sole means ot communication that existed between onr peaceful valley and the lererish world whose heart throbbed so fiercely outside. Moat of the hones was closed, for (here were tor mote rooms than two bachelor's could possibly use. We each had a bedroom, entered from the front verandah, and our oommon Bitting and dining room la; between the two, and waa as veil our office, smoking-room, library, and music-room, tor Mr. Macgregor bad a good seleotion ot books, and a splen did pianoforte and harp for the nee of his two daughters, who had accompanied him home. Oar household consisted solely of our two selves, Aleo. Payne, the head stookman, who slept over the stables, an ugly and hot tempered: old Saotchwoman named Mrg, who oooked and did for us generally, who lived somewhere in unknown parts at the back of the house, and who claimed to be distantly akin to the " Maieter," and tyrannised over ob accordingly, and a singularly handsome colley slut named FIj, wlio located in spots, ' indifferently in mineor Jim's bedroom, at hut own sweet will and sovereign plcasuro. The station hands had their huts at oon- 1 ?iderablo distances, and we rarely saw any ot them, except when they came to the house lot ? rations, or on other business. Baloyon days, indeed, were those we pawed in the soft, sweet Australian spring. Fishing ' in the Goulbura, shooting in the bills, k&nga; rooing on the fiats, with plenty ot healthful employment to beep us from rusting, v,hD oouldhavebcenboppierthanJackAlloyiic,that < was myself, and Jim Welsh, the managers and residents of the Gap Station. But oar time of unalloyed happiness was . not to last. The blacks took to Bpenrmr oar ' oattle. Why they did it we could not t-Ml, for I we had always treated the tew who had shown j tip on the run with the utmost fcindnuss. I Where they came from we could not oonjee- j ture, tor there were practically none belong ing to our immediate neighbourhood. None, f in taat, ol any account, nearer than the I Warrigal tribes of Gippsland, They wenfciooiouB Mid miiohiirout anough we know, but we could dot imagine that they would leave their native houiits RO far a*vuy the cmithward, and cross tho bll but i r.?ir» faetnosiwi of the main ranpn to rf-> ur an injury. VJV could not account for th ir prwncn, wo c<>nld find no reason for th*-ir br.tfl, unloflfl, iivlrad, they wcr« some wandfr ins tribe who had been badly used hy tho wbiio man aomowhwc, and wsro r<?venpin^ tlipmnokeB indiscriminately on friend and foa al'ke. But there waff tho nnmiatakable fact. W* wrrn first raado aware of it by Aloe, nnr hr?\d ntonkman, riding up to tho house in linf, ont» forenoon with the intelligence. Ifo had. (so ho informed us, been out to one of <ho cattle c&mpn;, and returning hy the foot of hill bad oarae across blood mark-* on thi* t*ras«. Following them up he had found the remain* of a yoonp slrawWry beifor, ono of our choicest brnod. TIir blacks had oarrird of! soma of tho flash, and had le!t the r<;al to the ImwItB, Was he Rare it wag thn biwrJ'fi who had done it ? Quite sore, There wad oo mistake about that, for he h&d; nmn the mark of the epoar throats. He had ridden op to the houne as fast as he oonld, to eee what wan to be done. What van to be done? Ah I that was a poser. Find the marauding seowndrols, JjifS m>. Bo{ whore to find tbom ? Where to look tot them? They were miles away, no floobt, gone this way or that, who could tell 1 It van our first experience with hlacks, that in to my with mischievous ones, and we were com pletely at a loss how to act in the emerrroey. Jim and I, calling Alec, to our oounseU, nat Bp lato that aight discustjnR the mntter. »). tlioiiph with but little result farther than that we determined to keep a Btriot look oat for the thieves in future. We might as well have saved ourselves the trouble. Do what we oonld, ride to and fro on the run. early and late, as we might, wo never could eome across them. Had we had native trackers we miplit probably have found their trail, and hunted them nfl, (or the hlaoks huve a wonderful instinct,and anatnrpllove (or this bloodhound kind of work-it is strsngp, indeed, bow the partially oivilised aboriginal takes a cruel dolight in traokfng and, it may be, slaughtering his own oonntrymcn, even those of his own tribe, but so it is-but we bad no trackers, and were totally unacquainted villi the bushcraft and the thousand and one shifts and tricks ot these cunning denizens of the woods and wilds for conoealin; themselves and eluninir pursuit. But of their presence we had ample proof, for hardly a day passed that we did not get toports of fresh outrages. Not oontcnt with slaughtering an occasional bcaet for fenl, they had, hb is their wont, talieu to e(>i uiii'i; our cattle indieoriminati ly, and fur t-rji-. r i' i <? e of bloodshed. Who cnuiil tell how soon I J> V, treacherous and vindictivo as they wtia. Would fly at higher game, and would take to killing human beings hb well as ctttls. At all .vents we went continually armtd, we and tbe Btookman too, wirli revolvers, .Mid should doubtless have given uood account nf unmi1 ('f them, oould we bave found them, which BP 1 have said, we could not. Then (or a time came a cessation of hostilities, as it were. They seemed to have quitted our part of tbe country for we had na further alarms, and were just beginning to dongratulate ourselves is having not liil of oar troublesome visitors, when almost eiaml taneously we beard of no fewer than thru, fine young head ofaattlabeiogfoandelau^ht^cd in widely different parts of the run. W« were at our wit'a end, but clearly something must be done, and at once. This kind of thing eould not be permitted to go on. Bat bow to prevent it t Wb? the wretches bad eleoted to commit | their depredations on onr run, or whither ! they had extended thorn to other parts of ibe j district we did not know. Again we hi-.ld a ' eounoil of war, end again we telt ourauvo ! powerless to cope with the evil. We telt j oertain that the blanks wore about in force, | but whether they were camped in tbo dense | bush that bordered our run, or whether, as I was most likely, they had their head quarters So the rugged mountain ranges to the north- | ward ot us, we were unable to Bay. It is as j oertain however that they were not locatcd on j the ran, as, had they been, we should have ' been sure to have fallen in with thB murks ot > their fires, it not with the ruins of their j wurleye of branches of bark. We eat late in ; the night without having arrived at any ?ettled plan of operations, further than that | Jim Welsh had expressed his determination ! to ride over to Oarfrae'e the following morn- : Sag, and consult with our neighbour as to j what bad best be done. [ Perhaps that was the beat thing after all, (or Mr. Oarfrae had been a long time in the oolony, and might reasonably be supposed to be better acquainted with the habits of the aavage tribes, and the best method of dealing with them than we. Still, I telt a strange, and altogether nnacoountable repugnanoe to letting Jim go, A singular vajoe premonition of evil whiah would not assume any tangible shape and whiah eluded my mental grasp at the eame time as it would not be laughed away. After an early breakfast, Sim saddled bie horse, and prepnred tor a atart, ridiculing my groundless fears and attempts ta induoe him not to venture. His argument was unanswer able " Our plain duty is clear," he eaid, " we have already lost something like a aoore of our prime cattle, we have been totally unable to put atop to the misohief, and unlesB we take some decided step there ig no telling what the result will be." I could not contradict this, ot oourse, and oould only advise him to be oareful, and to keep as muoh as possible in open country. " Never fear," he replied oheerfully," I am well armed, and the blaok eooundrels have too wholesome a terror of the whito man'a thunder and lightning to restore within oooey ol me." Notwithstanding this, it was with a sinking at my heart that I eaw him tighten his girths, vault into thefiaddle, and canter gaily over the grass; atreloh of the homo paddook in the direction of the gap. I watched him until he was out of sight, shading my eyes with my hand, from the bright ray* of the morning eun, and thon I turned into the house with something like a eigh, determined to drive away my uneasy thoughts by writing long letters home. In vain, the inspiration would not come. I blundered and bungled through my corres pondence lor two hours or more, and then gave it up in disgust. I was ever haunted by the ehadow ot a nameless, formless fear, a hidden terror, that, like the "Dwellerson the Threshold" of wbioh we read, I had no dis tinct comprehension, bat which was, none the less, there. It was a clear warm day, the silence was almost oppressive, and by-and-bye, lulled by the faint but ever present hum of the bush, I fell into a light but troubled Blumber. My dreame, it dreamB they could be oalled were, as my waking tboagbla had been, " without form and void," yet dimly shadowered by a presentiment of impending ill. I know not how long I slept, but all at once 1 was roused from my unrest, by a long, loud, hall howl, hall wail of a dog, eo weird, so in expressibly sad, that it seemed to turn my very blood to ioe. I awoke with a itart, and went out at tho open door. As I stoppod out upon the verandah, Fly, our collie dog oame whining and aronohing to my feet, end crouohed tremblingly behind me, as if in mortal terror. At the same moment tnj eyes were blasted with a new Gorgon. Coming slowly op the path, not twenty yards from me, and gliding rather than walking, was a form, the form of my cousin, Jim Welsh, whom I had noen atari for Oarfrae'e aome hours before. Pale to lividness, shadowy, ethereal, with a look ot fain oo hia enlwhiU hurisout taw, tad « I orimHon blotch or blood welling trom a deep | tjurtb in his bpNfwt. | I f fl luraccl to marble, power/canto ! I iuovo, povit-rlcfta i<j hpouk, puweriiHH, armoec, I to iiiinl:* Wuu i Hiill droamiug? No. There , be wac, plainly palpable before me. I (tilt my ey»-nd:Ui(5. 1 felt my hair stiffen on my head, j 1 fait my ])*art tbrob ob if it woulil bural, aud j etiil all I eouMdo was to gaze entrauued and Bp' il-touund in hi lent, nameless horror. My ! liiraiii c:m0 and thick, and as it Ofttne j I ntuur : ud mill neurer, with a sopremeeffort i | I iKiberihau apoke Tiic form waved its hand iu the direction of | I the j/up, a finiilo hprcad over the anguiehed ! | oouQiouaoce, and then it Blowly melted into ! 1 air. : Whb 1 then mad? No, no, a thousand times ! no, although it was surely enough to baye , driveu mono. I was as sane as I am now. | What it was, or whether it was, I did not, I do not speculate. I only know that I saw it. 1 roll you I ATito it. Fur a time 1 stood inoa ' pubic of motion or reasonable thought. Then oamo the reaction. With a hoarse, harsh half laugh, halt nob, I bounded forward to whero it had stood. There waa nothing, I mi^ht have known that. 1 did know it, I ran round to the stable, hastily saddled ft bor«c, HUtttohcd up my revolver, mounted, and hall, fi', coattas, bb 1 waa, gallopped down tlit) homo paddock. Where waa I going ? Z hardly knew. I bad but one fcclinp, one idea, that of bitter vengeance on the perpetrators of this foul (lend, for that a foul deed had been dono I knew only too well. I huadod (or tba rooky bluffs tliat formed thB Gand bathed in perspiration, and with mo hot fire of hatred at my heart, sped aorosn the intervening down. Did I think of dinger, of death perhaps, to myself? No, Ecvenge I Ktvengol Soon I reached the Oap. All Btill, all silent. The grim walis hemmed me in on either band, but told me nothing. Derpor and deeper into tho gloomy dt file I passed, deeper and deeper still, but nothing. Not a eight, not a sound save the clatter and ting ot my home'e iron shod hoofs oyer (be rough boulders. I dismounted, and elowly led my horse over the rr gged track for it was un safe to ride. More dismal, more wildly soli tary grew the eoene, a quarter ot a mile, balf a mile, a mile, and then it last. There be lay. Yes, there he lay. All there was left of him. Of my friend, of dear, true hearted, handsome Jim. Dead I Dead! AlaslAlasI Dead I Dead! Killed by a spear thrust, treacherously burled from behind a rook, as be was riding, or probably leading his horse, through the defile. A. epuar thrust which entering bis baak, bad come out at bis breast, and bad cleft his heart in twain. There, at my feet, on his back, with a smile on bis pallid lips, gazing blindly into my faoe with glazed eyes, as if in mookery of my unutterable woe. Do I feel shame in saying that the tears tell bol and fast from my eyes upon thatoold face, that my kisses were impressed on that lifeless hand, which had never before met mine save in the warm grip of friendship? Not I. A man sheds tears but seldom, but when he does, they are, as it were, (ears of blood. How long I atoodlooking wistfully into the face of my dead friend I know not. I felt my heart throb almost to breaking. I felt my brain whir) into dim unoDnBcionsness, and then, kind heaven sent relief to my over charged feelings. Tho grim defile, the bush beyond, It at my feet, seemed to swim round me. All earthly things were blotted out, and I tell forward in a swoon, and all was dark. Bat the awakening, oh I the awakening. But tbe Awakening, oh I the awakening. I found myself lying on a oonob in the bant room of one house. I awoke ae it might be after a heavy sleep and 1 knew sot where I was. For a time I lay only partially con scious, yet still entirely oonBoiouB of seeing lormB I knew around me. Alee. Payne, Dootor Rite bom the township, and a female with a fane strange to me, stood round my bed. I lay, dimly trying to Rather op the tangled threads of memory, whioh seemed to have been woven into a kind of inextrieable con fusion. I tried to ratse my band, and it fell baok on the counterpane, seemingly as heavy as lead. And then, I spoke, or rather, as it seemed to me, someone else appeared to speak my thought, so weak and gasping was the voice. "Where am If" leaked. " Thank God," ejaculated (he Doctor," tbe worst is over. Mind and memory are return ing." "For a time I Jay still, faring to think of the meaning of what be said, and then, as in an instant, the tide flowed. It all oame baok to me. All, all. The mysterious visitant, the gloomy gorge, the dead body ol my biend at my feet. I had as they told me, been found lying across the corpse of Jim in the gap, found by Aleo. Payne, who bad bom a distance seen me galloping wildly in that direotion, and who, suspecting something was wrong had followed on foot. I had been ill, very ill, nearly at deaths' door, down with a violent brain fever, for daye', ever since, bat, thank Qod, the danger waB past. As for the appari tion 1 had neen, Dr. Bae discoursed learnedly on psychology n"1 fc-uoreii ..i-.i.n-, .? .. .u to his own satisfucLiun, ut tbe time I saw it, or \\.&s; l *>u ium seen it, I was under the iaUuuuco of .>< <' ;<i r.> brain fever, induced by worry and woil en tbe trouble cunBi'u'imii on the ravugw in -.n: on our etook by the biachH. Ue prriiuaiJtrJ nc that it was ell fanay, imr:;int.tir"i, the out oome of a heat oppressed brain, all the r, i of it, by whioh scientists try to explain tbe un explainable. Perhaps he was right. I do not know, oommon cense would toll ms that he \\\\-:n right, and that it was only in my uwn iiii turbed brain and mind that fatal vision bad been. That is, no doubt, a sufficiently lucid explanation, but tot all that, 1 say, as Shake speare SBya " There are mora things in Heaven and earth Horatio Than ever you dreamt of in yoar philosophy." I say with regard to the spirit or ghost, or what you will, of poor murdered Jim Welsh, my cousin, and my heart's biend, as 1 have said before-I saw it. The decipherers of the papyri whioh have been brought to Vienna from El Fayoum, have learned lrom nne of tbem the existence of a town in lower Egypt, all trace of which eceme to have disappeared for tbe last 1,200 years. The document is a papyrus, a little over 4ft. long by Ift. wide, containing a mar riago contract in Greek, and is well preserved. Tbe date is not given, butTrotessors Kara b&oek; and Wesseley believe' it belong to tbe early part of the sixth oentary. Tbe bride' groom wus named Theon, the bride Maria. She bad a fortune of her own amounting to 100 gold pieces, and the future husband en gages to find for her food and clothing, and everything suitable tor an ordinary Irgiti mste wife." There are witnesses and a notarial certificate. All the parties are de scribed as belonging to the town of Justiau opolis. Tbe editors declare that tbey can find no mention of this placc among any lists ol the towns,ctc., ol Lower Egypt. | Forty varieties of rioe arc grown in Bur. mab, tbe latest additions to the territories of Great Britain. TheBO range in hue from white to black. Barmah also produces many other kinds of edible grains, one of which is known as Job's Tears. According to Dr. Thomas Moore this grass derives its name from the large, round, shining fruit il. bears, in which can be traced some resemblanco to i tears. It occurs in Japan aa wall aa tha Aaiatia oonlinwil. 