LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Wednesday. November 21. The Speaker took the chair at half-pait 4 o'clock. PAPERS. . The following papers were laid upon the table and ordered to be printed: — Amended orders and regulations concerning the public abattoirs on Globe Island ; report of the board appointed to inquire into the circumstances of the collision at Fish River tanks, G.S.R., on October 27 ; return showing the number of stock vehicles ordorcd to load more than a week ahead from date of order, for the six months ending the 80th inst. ; return giving particulars concerning all alectrio light apparatus pur chased by tho Government. ARRESTING PEOPLE AT WALLSEND. Mr. MELVILLE asked the Premier if he had received a;iy report with reference to the, police entering houses at Wallscnd at 3 and 4 o'clock in the morning to arrest prisouors. He had been informed that the persons most interested had never been consulted in the matter. Sir HENRY PARKES said that he had re ccivcd a report on the matter, which he had no objection to lay before the House if hon. members so wished. MR. YATES, S.M. Itr. WM. CLARKE, in reply to Mr. Lhvibn, said that Mr. Yates, S.M., had received leave of absence for 12 months, but without salary. THE APPOINTMENT OF A RAILWAY COMMISSIONER. Mr. MOORE asked the Premier whother steps bad already beon taken for the appointment of any person as a commissioner to visit America and Europe to inquire into and report upon tho system aud construction of railways, and whether tbo Premier would promise not to commit tho country uutil Parliament had an opportunity of saying whether they would auction it. ("Hoar, hoar.") Sir HENRY PARKES assured the hon. member that he had taken no stops to commit the country, uor would ho until tho matter had received the sanction of Parliament. Mr. WALKER gave notice that he would move the following amendment on the motion of which the Premier had given notice : — That, in the opinion of this Homo, it Is expedient to coiiuntasloti a properly qualitiod person to visit America aud Europe. Africa and Asia, to itiquiro into ami obtalu information upon tho best systems of Par liameutJiry Cluvoriiruout. That tho dutios of sucn commissioner should include careful inquiries and full reports upon tho different conduct of busiuess in the vurioua representative bodies of loRlsinturc, the conduct of business in nominee bodios, the Talue aud effeot of two brauohea of legislature, theworklugof single Legislative Assemblies ami tho different systems ot cloture regulations. That the salary of suoh commissioner ahall not exceed £2000, That the head of tho present Uovcrumeut be such commis sioner. (Loud laughter.) BILLS OF SALE. Mr. DAY, having obtained leave, brought in a bill to amend tho law relating to uills of sale. The bill was rcqd a ilrat time. LIVERPOOL CHURCH OF ENGLAND GRAMMAR SCHOOL LAND SALE BILL. On the motion of Mr. NOBBS this bill wa« read a third timo and passed, and forwarded to the Legislative Council for concurrence. WEST MAITLAND CATTLE 6ALEYARDS BILL. A message was received from the Council returning this bill with amendments. PRISON TREATMENT. Mr. MELVILLE asked the Minister for Jus tice if he had obtained any information con cerning tho treatment of certain remand prisoners in the Maitland Gaol. Mr. WM. CLARKE said that he had recolved a report which was not entirely satisfactory, and he had therefore called for a fresh u>port on the matter. THE APPOINTMENT OF GOVERNOR. After a discussion on a motion for the adop tion of an Address to the Queen concerning the appointment of colonial Governors, tho debate in regard to which is reported elsewhere, the House at 12.35 a.m. adjourned till the following afternoon. Thursday, November 22. Tho Sfbakhu took tho chair at half-past 4 o'clock. PAPERS. The following papers were laid upon tho table and ordered to be printed Return in reference to a proposed railway from Bowral or Mosb Vale to Robertson ; return concerning the prisoner Edward Brown Holt. PETITION. Mr. PENZER presented a petition from tho Ivuuhoe Lodge, I.O.G.T., Coonamblc. in favor of tho Liquor License Local Veto Bill. Tho potition was received.- CENTENNIAL PARK NUISANCE. Mr. ALFRED ALLEN asked tho Premier, without notice, if ho would take somo steps towards abating the nuiaanco existing at tho Centennial Park. The practice of spreading manure over tho ilower beds there had become intolerable. Sir HENRY PARKES replied that tho Centennial Park would bo an advantage to tho municipality of Paddington which no other municipality in tho country would have. (" Hear, hear.") It seemed to him a singular thing that the residents of the borough could not put up with tho temporary nuisance, which, as fur as he could see, could not be abated if tho improvements were to be properly carried out. THE CASE OF SERGEANT POWELL. The following motion was treated as a formal ono and agreed to By Mr. Walkkr— That thoro bo laid upon the table of this House copies of all reports by Inspector Lawless, Inspector Atwoil, uml other puhco officers upon Beulor- Sergeant Powell, THE LITTLE BAY HOSPITAL. Mr, MELVILLE asked tho Premier, "-without notice, if he had received any information con cerning complaiuts which had been made of the prowling about at the LRtlu Bay Hospital of what was supposed by some to be a ghost, but what was believed by others to be one or the persons connected with the institution; and if not, would he cause an inquiry to be made into the matter ? Also, if ho had received in formation that one of the hospital officials was using Government property tor his own pur pose. Sir HENRY PARKES replied that be bad been furnished with papers by the health ofliccr upon tho subject, which, as far as he could recollect, stated that there had been rutnors about some apparition of that kind, but which they had never hcon nblo to trace so aa to get auj substantial evidence with regard to tho statements made. The papers also disclosed that thero had bceu a quarrel between one of tho officers at the hospital aud one of tho superintendents. He would canso a searching inquiry to be made into the whole of the circumstances, aj it seemed to him that any uuaoyauce or iuconvemence to the patients should not be allowed. THE DANGER OF LEPROSY. Mr. MELVILLE askod tho Premier, without notice, if he could inform him whether a person confined at tho Little Bay Hospital, and who was bclug treated as a leper, was really atVucled with that disease. The doctors at Little Bay contended that he was a leper, whilo other docto'rs maintained that he was not. He did not think it fair that the patient should be treated as n leper unless it had beou conclu sively proved that such a disease was upon him. Sir HENRY PARKE3 replied that it had been a subject of Inquiry several times, aud tho friends of the patient were extremely anxious to take him from the institution. The health officers, however, had not seen their way to permit the person to leave the hospital until they were assured of the nature of his disease. it any turtaor inquiry couiu ue airectca io any useful results he would cause it to be made. Mr. WALL asked the Premier whether his attention had been directed to a statement which had boeu mado by tho Consul- General or tho United Stalest with refe rence |to lepors escaping from Honolulu finding their way into that country. Ho found from newspapers he had in his posses sion that the United States had beon called upon to tako action with a view to preventing such a danger, and he thought the Bame thing might be done here. Sir HENRY PARKES said that his atten tion hud not beon drawn to tho matter, but ha considered that thero was no real danger of lepers escaping from tho Sandwich Islands coming to Australia. THE FINANCIAL DEBATE. .The House having gone into Committee ot Ways and Means, the debato on the Financial Btatement was resumed by Mr. GARVAN, who argued that instead of the Government being economical ther were m reality more prodigal of expenditure than their predecessors. It appeared to him that the person pre-eminently fitted to give an opinion with reference to the expenditure to the end of the year was the Auditor-General On November 19 he wrote to the Auditor- General Bear Sir, — Would you kindly lot mo know what bar been tho actual expenditure' for tho year 1880 ana the year 1987. I do not want tho expenditure from loan votes Included, which should be distinct from tho ordinary expenses of Government, but I require only the actual expenditure for theso two years from tho con solidated revenue of tho colouy. I want tho answer, freo from tho presout compli cated way of keeping the public accounts as shown in the annual ways and means, where money, though spent iu ono year, is charged buck agaiust tho yeAr in which the Appropriation Act was possod, or, on tho' oiher baud, charges to the year tho full amount of appropriation, though tho actual work and oxpendi- . turo may uot have takon placo within the year. Appropriation Acts ore only authorisations to a Government to expend money. Iu tho return 1 ask for I do uot care when tho authorisation took place, whether before tho year, during tho year itself, or afterwards. - I want tho -actual expenditure from tho con solidated rovenuo during tho yearl8SG and the year 1887, and 1 will deem it a faTor if you will lot mo. have a roplv. I may say that I desire to use your answer in tuo fluunoiai debate which is now taking place in Parliament, On November 20 ha received tho following, reply In-roply to your inquiry of yostorday's date as to tho actual expenditure from the Cousolldatod Revenue Fund for, the year 183G and the year 1887, tho amounts, exclusive of puymimts on account of old loans appropriations nud of temporary payment arc !— For 1886, £6,079,616 Is 7d ; 1897, £9,210,191 10a Id. The difference for 1386 from the total payments stated at page 58 of the Treasurer's accounts for that year cousUts of tho advances siiown as "other pay ments" to the amount of £205.706 17s fid ; and tho. difference for IS87. (sec page 55 of tho Treasurer's account for that year) consists in liko nmuuor of slDillor advanced to the amouut of £360,760 9d 4d. He complained that the Treasurer had charged everything be possibly could to tho deficit, and had been in this guilty of unconstitutional con duct. He would show what tho deficit really was whoa the Government came into office and how much it had increased. On November 19, he wrote to the Auditor-General (in order to obtain information about the deficit):— V Would you also kindly Inform mo what ws the amount of the actual deficit on December 31, 1880, or in other wordsi. how much was tho consolidated rovcuuo of the colony overdrawn on that data as showu by tho Treasury accounts submitted to you ? Iu my first letter of to-day I have referred to the complex system of debiting full auiouut of appropria tion agaiust year in which it is authored, and of conrso au artificial deSoit would only bo result of a return based on such a system of keeping ths public aocounts, which may have its advantages for departmental purposes, but is otherwise confusing; Kiudly also let me know If tho actual deficit on Decem ber 31, 1880, has been increased during the year 1887, and if so to what extent on December 31, 1887. To this letter Mr. Ronnie on the following day replied la reply to your separate inquiry of yesterday's : . date as to tho r.ctttal deficit ou tho consolidated revenue fund account at December 31, 18S6, and as to' whether suc'u deficit had been increased during the year 1887, and to what extent on December 31, 1887, you will seo at pago 115 of my report to Parliament' ah Hm 'IVnii.iii-nr'a n<>oniint<( nf 1886 that the IGtllal overdraft or oxces3 of payiuonts ovor income and . ways aud meaus a.t December 31, 1896, was £838,732 17s' ild, exclusive of Loudou transactions whleh%feU , to be accounted for by tho Treasurer in 1887. As, however, thU allows credit to tho unexpended balances on old loans account of £134,667 lis 9d, which you desire to bo excluded, the overdraft on ths revenue proper account will bo increased to £973,400 9s 8'd. At pago 122 of my report on the accounts of 1887 it will bo seen that exclusive of Loudou transactions tho actual overdraft on account of tho consolidated rovenuo fund at December 31, 1887, was £1,472,115 Is 7d, but with the exolusiou of tho credit of old loans account, us in 1886, it will staud at £1,606,782 '3s 4(L There was, therefore, an increase over 1886 of £633,382 3s 8d. Inasmuch, however, as the accrued Interest duo on the publlo dobt at Docembur 31 of such year was un provided for by the cash iu hand at that date in each year respectively, the actual overdraft or defiolt should more correctly bo as follows 1880, £1,546,848 4a 8d: 1887\. £2,173,871 9s 8d, or au iuoreaso over 1880 of £627.023 5s Ou March 00, 1887, tho Treasurer brought down supplementary estimates for £-176,281 8g 5d, which he charged against tho deficit, although it iucludod many items not fairly chargeable to 1886. In fact tho only amount due on December 31 was £183,363 6s 7d, leav ing £292,838 Is 8d charged against the deficit for work dono iu 1887 ; £86,000 had been added to tho unemployed vote and over £27,000 was in tho Treasnry at tho end of tho year. Ho pointed out that large sums spout on mblio buildings after tho Government cam© uto office had been charged against tho deficit. Then £58,000 not due in 1886 had been charged to that year ou account of the rabbit subsidy. Ho had in an unconstitutional manner asked tho House to relieve him of a similar expenditure by payingoutof loan thesumof £201,000. he would show that the statement of tbc Treasurer that tbc Government had made income and revcuue meet had been made without a proper appreciation of his duties and knowledge of the votes chargeable against revenue. It must bo admitted that loan votes should only be Charged to reproductive works. The Treasurer had mado his revenue uud expenditure meet by resorting to the power of borrowiug to meet obligations which -.should be met out ot' tho sonsoiidatcd revenue. J.u the loan proposals of July Igbt. which the House had unthinkingly agreed to, among other items were " warliko materials, £250.01)0," and that he thought an unsound item to make part of the permanent public debt. Then there were "warlike stores add submarine milling, £22,800," which should not bo included. Then "Trial Bay harbor works, £10,000." Was that a legitimate work on which to spend borrowed money V Then there was a "bridge and punt, to be used on tho Myall River, £8000." It was in such amounts as- this that the Government had set aside tho obligations properly attaching to the con solidated revenue of the year. Then there was a yote for £8000 for the Byron Bay Jetty. In 1886 for exactly the same work £3000 had been voted out of the consolidated revenue, and in l88u there was a vote for £5000. Look also at the " Macquario Harbor breakwater exten sion';" £13,600 was to be spent out of loan votes. In 1886, under exactly the same head there was a vote charged against the Dihb3 deficit. Then there was an item, " Improving the navigation of the Darling and Murrura- bidgce Rivers, £20,000." In 1886. 1885, 1881 and 1883 sums amounting to £17,500 were spent on this work out of the consolidated revenue. Be did not think the House was aware of these anomalies. Thou "Dredging Sydney Harbor, £30,000." He could not see that that was u fair charge against loan funds; also, " Darlinghurst Courthouse, £6000," and "Now Central Police Court, £30,000." It was to bo regretted, and was humiliating that money should be borrowed for these works. In 136 £0000 had been spent out of the revenue on Dariinghurst Courthouse. This year £12,000 was borrowed to pay expenditure on the Bathurst Gaol, while In 1886 £20,000 had been spent out of the con solidated revenue on the same work. He also referred to several amouuta spent out of ihc consolidated revenue on courthouses in 18S6. The «nra of £125,000 had been voted ou tho loan for fortifications and defence works, although it had been previously considered unsound policy to spend borrowed monies ou such works as' these. Ho pointed out several other items of a similar nature in which auioants had been voted for ou loan. It was easy to get a balance under these circumstances. The bon. member proceeded to slate that it was his contention that the proceeds of the land sales should be applied in the making of jallways. If this courso were adopted the result would be that the railways would be run At half the rates it was now necessary to charge. Undor tho presont oystcm they were ' under an obligation to charge such prices for freight and carriage as would pay off the enormous debt which had growu out of that great asset. Seeing the maguificeut income thfc Government had, tho House should couiine them strictly to those limits of the headings under which they could constitutionally borrow —railways, water work9, sewerage and public wharves— and not allow them to borrow on the many proposals they had submitted to the House. Mr. LYNE thought tho Treasurer at this stage should give sorno explanation, and not treat with silent contempt the charges just mado against him. The speech of Mr. Garvan was the most serious, so far as charges were concerned, ever made against a Minister, and that was tho opinion of every member in the House who at all thought upon the subject. The Treasurer had been deliberately charged with having spent money for the improvement of his own estate, and he was treating the House with contempt in not giving some answer. The matter now before the committee would not be slightly glanced over either by the committee or the country. In his finan cial statement, Mr. Burns had deceived tho House and the country up to the present moment, and possibly would deceivo the money-lenders of Eegland when the state ment got there. That was the position the the Treasurer had placed himself in. He claimed that the Treasurer should keep his accounts in the same manner as the Auditor- General. did, and not in the present slovenly manner, from which it was impossible for any one to find out the true balances. The Treasurer should hare explained that he hud received £113,000 from a new source, the water supply. The Treasurer had only manipulated the figures to show a surplus where no snrplus existed. He contended that had the advaloretn duties been retained £1,000,000 would have beeu received from that source, and this, with the amount of squatters' rents, would have wiped 5Ut the deficit He quoted at considerable length from the statistics relatiug to land revenue since 1875 to show that tho Govern ments of Sir Henry Parkes had always derived large snms from this source, and he claimed that the present Government had improperly increased the laud revcuue. Mr. MCMILLAN : You are taking for granted what yciu have not proved. Mr. LYNE thought he had clearly proved that the Government had resorted to the sale of public lands to maintain the Government of the country. (" Hear, hear.") Mr. BURNS : They have not done it. Mr. LYNE asked what was the use of the. Treasurer denying the statement when the papers distinctly showed it to be correct. It was aet down as plain as -possible " receipts from Crown lands during last 12 months, two millions " Mr. M'MILLAN : I am not denying the fact ; I only deny the conclusion you draw. Mr. LYNE (coutinuiug) referred to the in crease in the expenditure for the past year. W-hat he wanted to point out was that Mr. Coghlan in his statistical book showed the expenditure to be £9,098,460, whilst the Colonial Auditor's accounts showed it to be £9,216,056. There was the difference between the two. If the accounts had been properly kept, instead of £9,216,056, he said the expenditure would be £9,800,000 or xnoro if all the items wrongly charged to the consolidated revenue had beeu added. It was all very well to say, as Mr. Wise had said, that tho expenditure had been de creased. ' How had It decreased ? Not by reducing the civil service of the couutry, not by - reducing the burdens which rested so heavily upon the people, bnt by the stoppugo of public works, which should iuBtead have been increased if the country must prosper as it ought to prosper. Instead of reducing the expenditure this year and next ho said, it would be greater than it was ever known before in the history of the country. Mr. ROBERTS': We have brought the ex penditure within the revenuo. Mr. LYNE : Because yon have filched revenue from sources from which you should not have filched it. Continuing, the hon. mem ber said that if any disinterested person would look at the figures he must acknowledge there was no Burplns. . The committee should force the Treasurer into snch a position that he must enbmit a proposal to. wipe out part of the de ficiency, and ahow how he proposed to wipe out the whole of the deficiency during the next three or fonr years. He contended that the Government had not retrenched in the manner in which they said they would,' but so far as they could they had belied the pledges they made to the people when they came into office, and belied them to the fullost extent. (" Ob.") In the first instance they promised to wipe out the deficiency ; and ia the second place they undertook to make the revenue and expendi ture equal— Mr, burns: Hear, hear.— whereas they had cribbed the money they should have paid towards wiping off the deficiency. He charged various members of the Govern ment with having made unnecessary appoint ments to the civil service, and complained of the recent appointment of Mr. Middelton. Surely the Government might have got a second Commissioner of Railways in this colony instead of going to Victoria to get a man whom the Victorian Government had overlooked three times. He hoped that that gentleman would prove better than they had reason to expect. He also objected to the inaction of the Fremier with regard to phylloxera, and concluded by ex pressing it as his opinion that Sir Henry Parkes Always had and always would act as a wet blanket to the prosperity of tho colony. Mr. TONKIN pointed out that while the numbers of persons employed in manufactures in Victoria and New South Wales were about equal the statistics showed that the numbers employed in the miscellaneous manufactories, which included those to which objection might be taken, WQr® four times as great in Victoria as here. Besides this the Victorians employed largo numbers of women and children. Ho con tended that statistics proved that population had increased very, much more rapidly in New South Wales under freetrade than in Victoria under protection. Mr. ELLIS thought the Treasurer was to be congratulated, not only upon bis statement but Also upon his good luck in being able to make it. Taming' to the methods of taxation, the hon. member remarked that, freetrader though he was, he would rather see an ad valorem duty of b per cent, than an income tax. In the latter case, a failing man would make a false return to keep up appearances, and thus defraud his creditors, whilst evaders of the duty-tax de frauded the Government. That was one of the differences betwoen tbo operation of the two tuxes, nnd if it were a question of defrauding private creditors or of cheating the Govern ment; he thought tho balance lay in favor of cheating tbc Government, (Loud laughter.) Mr. SEE naked tho Colonial Treasurer to con sent loan adjournment until Wednesday next, as. tie hour wns lato and the subject of debate important After debate the suggestion was adopted and progress was reported and leave. obtained to sit again. , EXPLANATION. Mr. COI'ELAND explained that neither he nor Mr. -Want intended to vote for Mr. Buchanan's amendment on the previous even ing. They had only paired against the Pre mier's motion because thov thought it unneces sary PAYMENT OF MEMBERS BILL. Mr. WILLIAM CLARKE moved the second reading of this bill. Sir IIENRY PARKrS said that his opposi tion to the mear.ure had not altered. The only thing which could justify such a proceeding would be tho chance of getting a better class of members, and he thought the measure would utterly fail in that respect. The uiotton for the second reading was agreed to on the following division A.YK3, 24. Mr, Abigail Mr. Cameron Mr. O'Mara Fietcher Tonkin Bowts Copcl.iud Trarcrn .Tones Howie W. Clarke W.J. Allen Lyne 3'cnzer Melville Dawson Lakeman Ellis ITnvnes Garrun Nobbs Kelly Crecr Farntli O'Sullivaa NOKrf. 12. Mr. Mitchell Mr. Inglis Mr. Jos. Abbott II. H. Brown If. Ciarko Burns Roberts Ifr.nsou It'MUlan Brunker See Heaver The following mcmbor> paired : For tho motion Chanter, Hayes, Bibbs ; against, Ball, Gould, Parkes. The bill p.i33cd through committee without amendment and tho committee's report was adopted. HUNTER-STREET. NEWCASTLE, EXTENSION BILL. On tbo motion of Mr. FLETCHER this bill was read a second time and carried through committee without amendment. Tbc commit tee's report was adopted. ADJOURNMENT. At 11.50 p.m. tho House adjourned till Tues day next. 