S HE BAD. EYE. Smith, nelder y ssothýP"ý Sas for-..e,:I swear it, that I was not at w enty=two, and if you. will lend an ear to the n ;lous, t strange, inexplicable incident of a? hieh·k speak has left me.with-a sad heart and a sautary respect for the supernaturial, ' Nothing could induce me to. trifle with E table-tipping or to question the spirits; for: the matter of that it is out of my role; the [ military prefer adversaries of flesh and bone! E" These observations. were the finishing of a Sdelightfulevening at the house of M. and Mmme: Evans, Boulevard Malesherbes. * The lights had. commenced to. pale, the fires.to go.down; in short, it was that me nient; brief and feetiiig, " upon: the turn, of twelve, and thp trttrmpment for the telling of ghost stories. "' . As the hussar spoke the guests, respondid by drawing closer-the circle about him, ani'd -settling, into. a listening attitude, and the. captain, began :-., .. ' ' `fore'belonging,'said he to. the honor able body of cavalry of which, I am: now a part 1 was awmembler of the, One Hundte?O and. Tenth Infantry in quarters. at Ellin- a burgh,, and the waltz, that dance too intricate n for?our superfiiial time.wa, th i.dpnceof o. hour 10o o. 'Not a man of the aristoc?aic circles: of Edinburgh, as well as the, other. cities: of Scotland, but who was expected to excel, s. and who did excel, in this graceful pastime i of the dleg~ates, -. 'Meanwihile 1,l1k, Le reai o± ;.j iylKiS felt a decided indifference. i6o this chore- 'c Sgraphical stranger, my mother, true daughter a that she was;of a celebrated Puritan minister I Sholding it in special horror. She had gone t Sso far evenas.to exact from me a promise-- s L that I gave with certain restrictions-that t * I ~ould inever inidulge in the art of waltzing, t ra.vow that :I kept, as.long hs I' had not learned how. r SAll my friends and comrades of the regi- i \- ment were waltzers, and wvaltzed ravishingly, * r and I soon saw that to gain the favor of the: s S'gilded elite.' above alL the favour of the i ladies, I must do as the others did, and adapt myself to. the airy whil' that was now Sde rigueur.' ' You will scarcely credit it of so staid a anation, but everywhere it had become a I perfect 'course' of waltzing in the salons. of SEdMiniuprgb,.many of the most exlusive. ones offering prizes for the-most proficiet exactly t as if it had been a steeplechase."\ ' I ' I placed myself under the tutelage of a certain. Lady-Gray, whose-rank and beauty i s. made her the life of the salons, and though I r perjuredmyself to my mother, 1 learned, to 3 r waltz, . - 'M3adame Eve, you see, has as worthy- fol t lowuers in the land of the thistla as among i, the beau monde of Paris. '*To be frank,. remorse did embitter the I first of my. triumphs in this line, but the \- necessity of pleasing every one. in a society \- i, which: I felt myself becoming a favorite I wasa sort of excuse forthe course pursued. All the samie 1 'was obligedc io repeat this , continually to' myself: to. vanquish the. scruples'that assailed mefor my ' sin, \- ' Sin . a. '-Crtaily, for I loved and respected- my pious mother and the tenets of-the religioni a in. which ; had, grown, up from, childhood. e I o. it happened I do not know, bhat. soon. I e. became: the most skilful w'altzer in Eiin 1\. burgh, a tru i virtuoso; a chregraphical star. t My presence was. disputed for in the most i, brilliant assemblages, and invitations rained. \- upon, me like.hail. I had turned the pret tiest, heads, and, ma foi mine own. soon fol t 1pwed the current. . : f ':One of the most chirming families. t the d capital,, perhaps, wis a. family named y Graham, with:, whom I was. on a footing of g the friendliest intimacy.. They lived, in a d magnificent- donicile: tea or twelve .miles d from. town-one of those va~t, majestic. o dwellings that .the great Britain of the e Stuartshas seen.rise from the ruins of the k feudal fortresses. .: '-This one stood upon the. sninsu it of a hill. environed by a .forest of pine trees, its blackened towers standing out \- stern and forbidding against a depth, of sombre veidure . to '-The interior of the castle, however,in. no a wise.corresponded with the severe exterior. d -Elegant, comfortable, sumptuously arraiged 1 and fhunished, it \as. a marvel of taste- and I `'The evening when this story -opens, for , what I have told y?ou isv preliminary to the ne;idents,-a'ball ~a - a ?out t be giveni at _L -GasiAt r h gi aballKn thei night f.' the a2 th.o eDecri eofnish 'ith.a wonderful fete and supper--cakes, ale and a- suprises is the fashion; with .which Christ r. mas is ajways observed-in: .Scotland. I, of Scourse; was amongthe;guests. . d "Ah,. my dear captain ' cried- Lady a Graham, approaching me during the course n of the evening. ' Lsee that you have. been s wialtzing assiduously with that .charming ie. Jane Gordon, Don't deny it, she continued as I started to. speak- don't deny it, nor think I am reproaching you for it; .:those wonderful eyes of her have. made many a t .victim. Only take care, captain ;:take care. 11 ---beware! '- '. :o. 'Lady Grahamn was right. I had- been, dancing '.assiduously , with, Mlle.: -Gordon. I during the eveninjh , submitting f~ yself asi it. it were,'to the;thraldom of the.eyes of which my at hostess spoke.• At the:same'time they had. oe not a'akened in me the feeling she. supposed i it jhad on the contrary stiuggled persistently s. against their-singtilar:att~action with a sort [e. of instinctiv:e detiance that I could no more explain to myself th-an, 1 could explain, the 3, a.ttraction, : ... . .. \- " ' am right, Lady Graham pursued; -e 1i read correctly-itt is written in. your a. face. : -f ---'.Perhaps, ITrsppnded,-laughingin, turn .' 'but you.mistake the situation,. Xassure you, p. and I would greatly astonish you were 1 to, i; explain, to.y,ou,,;th~ exiqt .impression thatk. -. singular yet beautifial w?mnan has left upon. o me. To be.plain-the sombre splendor /ofj i- her-eyes is--for. want of a better, word-, e simply insupportable ! s. ". "You. todd-'she.'cried& olutquickly ;you, t- tob, feer it l '-A;, well, 'you .are.. right,; 1.1 d suppose, for Jnp.. Gordon passes, in; our .t country foi one of:thsemyiisterious. creatures ;, gifted with the.power of reading the. fature, the.' bad eye,.as they:call it here. . SA' A. omnambulist:who.goes.to.sleep.arnl; ;wakes t.teall us visions. .7 -, a ' '-.Do.nptjest,.Lady asbam' rbesionded;. f r sgcMayeQs..taMay. '-The e of an, altogether different nature from, the \--tj^WG.- .... e b-' - b ncie'ce...-t jso S'fiSugl iyasors her entirebeing that?.cne >£ day, like the. blade that weas .out hie -t seabbard, this occult force. 'will:-break her I[ frail existence.., '': i .h "'Butan example, an example- said I. r -"Lady Graham, hesitated, a moment, then. e assented.. :- ! '- i: Oe evening,' said she, 'not long. ago, i lni1 atting tranquillyv with a 'friend of i her owjn age, Jaeri" u.denlyiburst into tears, Swhosecauseshe .ould.explain toi noone but . 'her mother, .,'Sthie lad suddenly seen thei yes of: .Milae. Sougo.mery veiled with the black bandage, Sthe fatalbandage of her visions that ,alw~ays t -presaged, mortal ,periL to the person, so r isUliicated2. -' - - - *l-T cauwss6Jan stes was scrupulouslyi e kept from Eleanor Montgomery, but eioht ayslatoeshee wasi:dead-& IHer hos1 liad "takef'i;'git. i.ben riding t with her lover -ud had thrown and idragged i hne'and whea.they-picked,her up, i.utilatd S and bleeding, life was 'ex.tit?i LThis ,is the .sl .most recent~of:thls sad occurrenoes, .:but 1 sc couldciteto you adozi- "or more instances :I of" the "correctiiess' of her :mad oracles. pl Gradually she has. become, tlhis beautiful, n unwilling sibyl, the terror of. all her: friends Ib< and all the mothers- of the - neighbourhood w who know her fatal powers. Ig \- -' Sh is . eginng to see this herself, to Tli 'exclude herself rigidly and to refuse every 'cdll to pleasure and gaiety, dreading lest the apprehensions she excites in truth be verified. Her health is suffering seriously, but to me the sorrowful embarrassment, the dreamy self-consciousness, caused by the knowledge that she is shunned by all but gives her beauty an added charm. ' I wias both surprised and interested in the revelations made me by Lady Graham, but with the temerity of the still incredulous ex pressed the hope of assisting personally at some new proof of the faculty possessed by this singular girl. I by no means doubted what had been told me by Lady Graham, but like the rest of the world I felt that I would be sounder in faith did 1 see or expe-. rience for myself. '-The ball soon ended after this, and 1 retired to the hliug and lofty chamber habi tually reserved' for me by my hosts. I do not know whether the recital I had listened to had unsettled my nerves, or whether some physical cause that escaped me disturbed my usually quiet sleep, but it is certain that the cruel visions that troubled my rest that same night seemed to me, in the light of after events, a heavenly advisement of the fate at which: 1, had, laughed.. ' I had scarcely closed my eyes, fatigued as.I was by the dance, above all by the waltz, that I had continued until the last strains were. silenced, when an, army of phantoms assailed me. ' Across an imaginary prism I saw appear l in the indecisive lines of a dream all the people I had quitted an hour before, in the midst of: them always. the. beatiful face of Jane Gordon, with its sombre, mystic eyes, its, sorrowful veiled regard. In my ears i roared a confused murmuring, sounds impos 1 sible to distinguish, whilst above our heads a i strange soft voice repeated,. or- rather iptoned. I the recital given, me. by my hostess. Then suddenly in the midst of it, as you. throw a, shadow upon space, my mother- stood beside t me,. bending to my pillow. and, crying reproach:. i fully : '"James,, ray son, James, why, oh. why. do, \- you. waltz .? . 'Decidedly I was. a child to allow the er citement produced in me by the. story of a 1 beautiful girl's inexplicable, powers to. aflect fme thus! Delivered for-a moment from amy painful sleep, 1 shook myself free of the tor por into. which I was plunged, and stros:e. to. I fix my thoughts upon another subject. e ' In vain. The moment I elosed- my eyes. e in sleep again I was assisting at one or-other e. of the brilliant fetes at which 1 was a constant f. attendant;. a circle of beautiful women sur r: ounded me, and soon I was. conscious that one-alone, amnong all those gracious faces was. without a name.Io -me, a face of the same o ravishing type as Jane Gordon's, for the memory of that poor child pursued me even. d in this sleep. I ?Mean'while the- orchestra was signalling for a, dance, but it- was a funeral melody *r pliyed- to the time of a waltz,, a cursed.walt-z, e ito which I tumrned and turned with that young t frail. girl, pale, charining, but whose face,.as P- :, tol! you; was nbsoltitely unknown to.we. a : t"Bhiidfias J-anebhelfhr waltzed;behindher" I again: my mother ! The music of the waltz grew animated-I >f i. whirled faster and faster, but even as I. whirled. I saw that the feet of my mother. Y and Jane did, not touch the floor-that they, e wuere uplifted and, borne-upon their skirts.as a iupon wmings. S'All at once Jane stopped with a piercing, d cry.- I heard the voice of my mother groan Singg at my ear:. . ' James,. my son, James,- why, oh, why do a you walt~z' S' At the same time my beautiful dancer 'ata gered. in my arms, het face covered with n?, a livid pallor; but I, as one-possessed, whirled n? on and on. Her-eyes closed, her head fell t.i back, -and as it frll I received, full in the "! heart, ap.from an. invisible hand, a blow like 0 the stroke of a poinard, and heard a crash \- like a. fmneral knell. I knew no more. t I 'The.day after the ball I rej9ined my regi Sment at Cheltenham. By. degrees those a sinister images passed from.my memory;. I e was: imyself again,, and in the midst of- the -joyous: existence that was- my element. ; OCheltenham made me-forget Graham, and it was. at Oheltenham. that I encountered the : first and only love dream, of my life,the com p I anion intended for me.by Providence, Isabel, " de Saint Cyril. ol 'She. was-but:no~, it is.impossible to de .J scribe her.. It, is enough.tn say that it was :. thus I hadl; pictured the one who, would be f2 my,- wife and, the. mother of my. children. \- But it was,not until. I had been.received.as a friend of the family that I understood the l. motive of .their sojourn at Cheltenham. It I was to, benefit Isabel's health by.- the use of, r* the healing water. that yearly drew a crowd sof the most elegant and.fgshion.ble people of Scotland. \- ' At first,, as I say.,nothing, troubled; the serenity. oof. my.hopes. and confidence. I Sabandoned,-mysolf to my dreams of the future . :when, Isabel should be my wife. Imagine, e then,. the startling feeling that seized; me. a " n e evening, onp. fatal evening that ?..erowdliofa . iti7"e-TiLperceived. in the af:tanche,-had .? . attended~ a l the house of i mutual friend, perceied the iever, forf r gotten features ot-Mlle. Jane Gordon! S.' Involuntarily I. shuddered with something. bhetween horror-and fright, andras I am a bad L hand at dissembling, she mush have seen it, for my eyes. sought hers with a penetrating. regard. that seemed, to read my soul. I hurried. to Isabella an4l.my mother, and under the pretext .of presenting them to some new arrival drew themnI as far as possible from the neighborhood of my former friend-1 dreaded contact with her for themn, \wita?ii terror that was little short of cowardice. Then, and not \- tilllthbn, dil I compel myself to return, and pay my rospects to, the lady in person, to jexpress tler the usual polite surprise and pleasurea._t finding her at Cheltenham. 'But, lost il: some terrifying thought, judging tom the pallor of her face, and. hlier Strembling fingers, Jane was unsconscious of my approach until I addressed her by name. - She did, not answer me at once, anod when she didL. was unable to.catch the drift of the I sentences that fell from her quivering lips. in :I-bow.ed and left her with a trite common- -! place,, only to. be transfixed with horror the i next instant as 1 saw it was the face of my best beloved upon which the eves Mf Jane wvere resting with that-strange amid terrifying gaze-the sentence of death as so many be lieved it.' 'There was no doubt of it-it was Isabel whom her eyes sought in that moving wave. Isabel whom she singled from those ranks of iyouth and beauty, from those joyous, laugh ing groups whirling so lightly about us; Isabel, whom, perhaps, she designated thus to death. The emotion of Jane as her eyes continued to rest upon Isabel perceptibly incrcased. 3Iore and more the fever of the ancient sibyls gained upon her; her lips were like ashes, her features violently agitated with a scarlet flush. ' An unworthy thing-I confess it to my shame-occurred to me as 1 watched her. She was jealous, I was sure of it, and thyi pity that has risen in my heart at the sight of her had changed to, a flood of positive disgust and hate-the memory of my dream, you see, has gone from m completely. ' ' Bah ! I said t? myself, and turning ons my heel I sought I abel and drew her int, the dance in spite ofi the half resistance whichi hce opposed to me. ' It was a waltz of course, a, most intoxicating waltz, that soon was. followed with the rest of the whirling torrent, now in, no out of the gliding lines that fur-_ rawed the floor. The voice of my mother had called to me as we started. I scarcely heard it, and presently a hand was laid: upon my arm---Jane's hand, as I knew in-. stinctively-and that seemed to appeal to. we like the supplicating look in. her eves.. I shook it off--I was blind to everything save. the hideous suspicion that had tiruly fastenedc upon me. 'I was mad. I say ; I heeded her not; an E unnatural, delirium. had carried me away,. and continued to. draw Isabel with. me, meaning to, defy, to confound, this woman. who wished, to thrust her dream of unavoided love be- i tween me and the elect of my soul. .I was. L as one drunk with rage-I comprehended i nothing. ` 'Go, then,' Jane. cried,. when I pushed..her aside;. 'go, since. you: will have it so; go,. then, to. your destiny,' and I no. longer-felt the. restraining pressure of her hand that had: stayed me scarcely a second in my course." '.But 1 stopped at last, and stoppedas.int my dream. 1 had stopped, the light step,of' mypartner Isabel,.growr heavy- and. drag- t ing,. her respiration hurried: and; panting.. Alarmed,. I bore her to a sofa, I strove to, revive her, 1 called for help,, believinghe - o. slightly fainting. Useless efforts. Nothing revived ar,-;: al: s. ready her eyes were fixed and, gCazing; hei Slips blue, her skin. so. pure. co.er.ed; with.aL t ghastly pallor. Her beautiful head; lay. inerti upon, my t shoulder, her long blondo. hair envelope~Ihen s. like a winding sheet, but nothing, no,.nothing., e recalled her to life again-the kisses-that: ~ e pressed. upon. her. icy lips, the tears.of' our. a.j mothers that fell upon her frozen brow.. ' She was dead, my fiancee, my wife, andl g. with her my h'pes of happiness in the future ; y everything swept away from me in.a single moment. ' -1 shall. never waltz again.' 