Directoire Costumes 'Most of these Parisian creations, when they do see the light, are found to be of the Directoire period, or rather they range from late Marie Antoinette to early Victoria covering a period from 1790 to 1830, and in- cluding the incroyable coat and the Lady Nelson leg-o'-mutton sleeves. The waists are short, and the bustle—the dear old bustle of these ten years and more—has, like the Boojum, 'softly and silently vanished away.' The more conservative and elderly women wear a mild ghost of the once reign- ing tournure in the shape of a single small reed and a small, a very small, hair-cushion; but the younger folk have decreed that the roi should be unmistakeably mort, and that long coat-tails must reign in his stead. In all these Directoire gowns the effort is to make garments very clinging and narrow, and the petticoats beneath have, in consequence, lost their starch and wilted like a flower. Indeed Kate Phillips, the English dress-maker, de- clares that most of the women who come to her now to be fitted are dressed from top to toe in silk. This is the way an ultra-fashionable New York woman dresses herself to-day. First go on a pair of silk jersey drawers, and they are so soft and fine that they could al- most be crumpled up into one hand, and are tinted all sorts of delicate colours, like the leaf of a pink tea-rose, the pale, early green of spring leaves, or the blue of the morning sky, but the more fastidious women always preferred white for under- garments, and so these are probably a lovely shade of ivory. There is drawn over the head a little silk-knit shirt, that clings to the body without a fold anywhere, and is fast- ened around the shoulders with a narrow white ribbon. Over this goes the white silk corset that moulds the figure into shape, and lastly a petticoat of flat plaits of the finest and softest India silk laid to a smooth yoke. The stockings are of gray silk as fine as a cobweb, held above the knee with jewelled garters, and this dainty female's feet are shod in gray suède shoes, soft and smooth, fitting like her gloves. Then she is ready for the Directoire gown, which will be some- thing like this; A skirt of pale pearl-coloured crèpe, crimped in the tiniest loose plait from the waist down. The incroyable coat has im- mense pointed lapels and swallow-tails down to the edge of the skirt behind. It is made of gray-green brocade of an exquisitely soft shade, and hangs open in front, each edge having a row of big oxidized silver buttons, which are also on the deep square cuffs of the sleeve. A double-breasted waist- coat, also with deep-pointed lapels, is of striped gray and green, silk, with buttons of the same sort, but smaller in size. A huge cravat of the grey crepe is tied ia a big bow under the chin; a tall gray hat with narrow straight brim and square crown, is covered with green plumes, and the costume is com- pleted with gray suède gloves and one of the long incroyable walking-sticks which are be- ing shown now in the shop windows of Broad- way. Mrs. Langtry for some two years past has been using this sort of silken under- wear, as her steadily increasing embonpoint has made it necessary that to her outline not a hair's-breadth should be added. She stood this influx of well-gowned women as long as she could, and then she suddenly sailed away to get herself some good gowns too. Apropos of her clothes she is the best dressed actress in the world, for she wears as magnificent costumes off the stage as on, and that is what none of the others do.' 