SENSATIONAL COLLAPSE. jackson 8 , reef,' gold mining company. Soldom lias it Mining Company been floated in thisioli.ny with greater expectations- than the Jackson's Rcvf Gold Mining Company, No Liability, -and seldom, if ever, has there been euchian ulter downfall of hope. Never were discoverers more rapturously enthusiastic over thoir find than I he noble band of explorers who unearthed the fabulous riches of the Jackson's Reof claini at Kimberloy, Western Australia ; hardly ever was there a prospectus more rich in golden promise than that issued by the influ ential and wealthy syndicate that purchased tluib El Dorado und offored it to the public. Nuver wete shareholders more rudely awakened from their : blissful dreams of untold wealth iu coming dividends than the proprietors of the Jackson's Cieek have been during the last few days; never wore the reports ofa mining manager > in more nmiked contrast with the statements of riianm'nravj nrwl r»f f)i« nvnrl innte'R rf»nreRmt+Ar.i VPB than those recontly received from tho manager of this property. Tho Company was floated with a nominal capital of L12O,OO0 in 100,000 -shares of LI 4s each issued paid up to LI. The syndicate re served 90,000 Bhares to pay for the purahaso of tho property alid their Own interest. 10,000 shares were offered to the public at Ll per share, but of these about 6000 were taken up by the promoters, each of whom paid from L600 to L750. for. shares, at the same price us the public obtained them, , So that at the outset , the in terest of the general public in the mine waB limited to abuut L4000, but as time wore on thiB was largely increased. Tho vendors received from the syndicate float ing the Company - about L1200 .in cash,- and, 38,000 paid up Bhares. Of these a considerable; number have been dispused of at prices ranging; from 5s upwards ; but about 12,000 of the shares are known not to. have bech. sold. TheLlO.OOO realised by' the 10,000 shares sub-; scribed for when the Company was floated was placed to credit for the purchase and eraction of : machinery and about L6000 has already been ex pended. Within a few months probably L35,000 of, other people's money — Melbourne people's mostly— has gone to the bourno from wluch few mining investors expect more than tho ghost of a return, and of this amount fully L6000 has; been expended for 100 tons of ore carrying gold. Two representatives of the syndicate went to .Kimberley, inspected Jackson's Reef, and re ported—the report was appended to the pub lished prospectus— r" after careful and thorough examination" that " it inay truly be said that the amazing results obtained have created coin fubiop' iii (ho mind of ovory expert whose .treats meat of it lias been invited. For ourselves we may briefly observe that nothing but its actual personal manipulation could have enabled us to realise the possibility of the immenso value of tlio stono where the appearances exhibited difr fercd so widely from tho gold-bearing rocks of tho southern colonies. . '. . It is clearly ap parent that as depth . is reached, that the lode increases in size, . and thero is nothing to indicate it being of less value than the half-ton sample treated by your instructions prior - to our visit." Tho syndicates' representatives were, in fact! absolutely dazzled by the splendors of this El Dorado, and went on to say, "That having proved the main body of stone between five and six feet in width they ' did not consider it prudent' to. givo by further exploration any greater value to the mine during tho time the negotiations wore pending with tho vendors. We estimate the quantity of stone deliverod at tlio surface at 80 tons. . . . From the ac cumulation we have taken indiscriminately about half-a-ton now represented to you with the con viction that it will realiso your fullest expecta tions. . The half ton of stone was treated at Mal- don, and was reported to have yielded at the rate of 44oz to tho ton ; and the final paragraph of the prospectus set forth, "From it may be computed the actual value of the stone nt grass, say 80 tons, yielding 44oz per ton, and reprer sonting, at L4 por oz, a gross monetary value of L14,080 available directly the machinery is completed." Tho purchase was completed by tho syndicate, tho Company was duly floated and registered, and a Mr Ellis was appointed temporary mining liianagor. ; Under date 10th October, 1887, this gentleman,'' after detailing the work done in shaft- sinking.' etc., reported ! that "Tlio stone taken out has been of a very good quality, and shows gold at intervals vory freely, although tine, and Rituiy tests have been made, and in each instance very good results wore got . . . Tliero.is no doubt that, thero is a vory large body of good payable stone in sight, which can easily be got out.". From the time of receiving this report no furthor ' correspondence was received from the mine until after Mr Harfrick, tho milling nmnager. a man of considerable bxpeiioneo, had arrived at the scene. Tivq ; reports from him have just conio to!' hand, 'and niivo at a blow shattered all the 1ki|ios of , tho qljpyehql.dcp's, excopt so far as concerns the - probable fvturh from the i\00 tons of gold-carrying oro "nt grass." > J i Writing on the 9th December, Mr Hartriek says ; — " It is my painful duty to inform you that the niino you sent mo out to manage is likoly to provo one. of the most complete failures it has been my lot to bo engaged with. Indeed, so much was L disappointed with your prospcci a after the 'glowing account .giyon vf.it t (i nie by your Board, and soveral shareholders that I was strongly inclined t<» return at otico to Melbourne;" Lator on iii tho snmo report he writes— "As thoro is not tlio smallest prospect that I can sco for your inino being of any value; would it not bo as well to give mo power til place' tho management iu tho bauds of . . or , , ,. I qanpot Bee that, thero will bo more than 100 tons of ore for tho battery fo operate upon when built. . . Wero the prospects of your miuo> payable I would not advise such a procooding, because your battery was not likply to be erected fnr ninnths aftor you expected-' ..This, delay Mr, Hartriek ascribos to tho machinpry having, been imprnporly Bent round ' via' Wyndhara instead of ' via', Derby, and he cntiiplains strongly of this action au making it Impossible to got an early crushing. ; Writing a weok. later, Mr Hartriek roports ifurther : — " I find oir txaniiuatiou that the aup- posod lode on youri tuino i is nothing mbro u»r iless than a blow of aurifurouk oro containing Iquarlz, blmstone, and ironstone mixed through- lout n mass of slato,. iu all not marc than four 'feet in Ihieknoss Thotv is now every 'sign of the lodo running out. No gold has yet been obtained from the shaft nut down." — Heraltjv' ) , ' " < 