LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. The ceremonial of laying the foundation-stone of the cathedral was a most imposing one. All the pomp of the church was called forth to add dignity to the occasion and to impress it upon the minds of those present—more particularly the young folks—to witness it. The sto-.c selected was that at the north east corner of the contemplated building and due south of the archdeacon's residence. A triangle had been erected for the purpose of raising and lowering the stone. Hanging from four poles surrounding the triangle were festoons of greenery, while small flags and bannerettes fluttered in the breeze. Flags were also flying from the City Hall and from many of the public buildings and places of business in honor of the occasion. The Alfred hells, too, were being sounded lustily by the ringers, peal sounding ve.y appropriate on the occasion. A space was ra led off for the public, but as soon us the procession had passed, and those who took part in it had taken up their positions round the stone, the approaches wore also thronged with spectators. In the immediate vicinity of the stone His Excellency the Governor and the officiating bishops, with the clergymen aud leading members of the laity, took th» ir stand. A space had also been s a et apart for a strong choirof lady singers, whilst a few favored ladies were accommodated with seats just opposite the stone At about 4 o’clock the precession was formed in the following order, Mr John Robson acting as marshal- Vergers, the ves t*y of Christ Church, choir, readers, verger, cle. gy of the diocese, canons of Melbourne, canons of Ballarat, the archdeacons of Sandhurst and Melbourne; the archdeacons of the Wimmera, the Loddon, and Warrnatnbool; the archdeacon of Ballarat; verger; the bishops of Bathurst and Kiveriiia, their chaplain*; the bishop of Ballarat and the Primate, their chaplains; the Governor and his suite, the mayors of the city and town, the chancellor and advocate of the diocese, the remaining members of the diocesan council and Church Assembly. The procession moved slowly from the Pro-- Cathedral, singing “The Church’s one founda tion is Jesus Christ our Lord,’’ u.-der the leadership of Mr John Robson. As the com ponent parts of the procession reached the foundation atone, the choir and clergy filed to the north, while his Excellency and the officiating bishops, occupied positions on the dais near the stone. The* bishops and clergy were all in full canonicals, the rich costumes of some of them contrasting effectively witli the white surplices of the members of the choir. At the close of the hymn the Bishop of Ballarat ad dressed the assemblage as follows:—“Dearly beloved in the Lord—lt is customaiy in the erection of im portant public buildings to lay w-th solemnity some principal stone, to represent the foundation or corner stone. In accordance with this* custom, we are now assembled to lay the Icundati m stone of a building to be dedicated to the special service of God. Let us then remember how it is written— 4 Except the Lord build the house, their labor is but lost that build it, except the Lord keep the city, the watchman waketh but in;’and let us implore the ‘blessing of Almighty God on this our undertaking.” After responses and the Lord’s Prayer, Archdeacon Julius read the prayer ordained for the occasion, and the 81th Psalm waschantcd. Finland second lessons were read by the Bishops of lliverina and Melbourne respectively, when the Apostles’ Creed was intoned, the Primate leading. The Chancellor of the Diocese, the Hon. Hy. Cutb bert, M.L.C., here read the following copy of si- scroll, which, with copies of The Star , Courier , and Evening Pont, and of the statutes of the church, was enclosed in a bottle and deposited under the stone:—“To the glory of Almighty God, for the advancement of His Holy Church, Mid in furtherance of true religion in this parish, and among the citizens of Western Vic toria, this first stoneof a cathedra) and parish church, de* signed by Messrs Tappin, Gilbert, and Demiehy, archi tects, and to be styled Christ Church, Ballarat.Waswell and truly laid on Saint Andrew’s Day, November 30th, A.D., ISSB, in the fifty-second year of the happy reign of lier Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, De fender of the Faith, Ac., by Sir Henry Brougham Loch, K.C.8., G.C.M.G., Governor of Victoria, in the presence of Alfred, Bishop of Sydney and Primate of Austra ia and Tasmania; Samuel, first Bishop of Balla rat; the Bishops of Melbourne, lliverina, and Bathurst; the Mayors of Ballaratand Baliarat East.and a largecon course of the clergy and laity of the diocese of Bal larat, and of other citizens of the colony of Victoria. —Henry B. Loch, Governor of Victoria; Alfred, Sydney, D.D., Primate; Samuel, D.D., first bishop of Ballarat; F. F. Melbourne, D.D., Bishop of Mel bourne; Sydney, lliverina, first Bishop; Chas. E. Bathurst, D.D., Bishop of Bathurst; J. G. M'Donald, Mayor of City; John L. Elsworth. Mayor of Town.” The treasurer of the cathedral fund (Mr E. J. Webb) and the architect (Mr Gilbert) were then formally pre sented to Ilis Excellency, and the former handed to the Governor a very handsome gold (towel, inscribed as follows:—“Prcscntcdto llis Excellency Sir llenrv Brougham Loch, K.C.8., G.C.M.G., Governor of Vic toria, on the occasion of his placing the foundation stone of Christ Church Cathedral, Ballarat. St. Andrew’s Day—November 30, ISSS.” The stone having been placed in po-ition (after His Excellency had formally touched the mortar with the trowel, the point of which was covered with a silver sheath to protect it), Sir Henry tried the stone with a spirit, level, and having tapped it with a wooden mallet said:—“ln the faith of Christ, and with prayer for the blessing of God, I lay this founda tion stone of a cathedral and parish church, to he called Christ Church, Ballarat; in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the IIo ! y Ghost." Amen. Another hymn was sung, after which the Bishop of the diocese offered up two prayers appointed for the occasion, and then called upon the Governor to ad dress the assemblage, which by this time numbered probably 3500 persons. His Excellency said it was only after anxious con sideration and s much hesitation that he accepted the rc- ponsible duty of laying the foundation stone of the future cathedral or Ballarat. He said responsible, for he held that iu the act he had just performed, and which a large gathering had assembled to com memorate, had a meaning beyond wjhafc the simple cere mony conveyed. A cathedral was in a special way. a monument dedicated to God. Although this might* be said truly to apply to every church erected bv any Chris tian denomination, stili a cathedral appealed specially to the hearts of churchmen asa chuich specially conse crated as the centre of diocesan life; it stood *forth as a symbol of the unity of the church to which it be longed. He did not feel that he had any right to he put forward to take part in such a ceremony. Men's characters differed very widely. There were some who found consolation in speaking to their friends about their doubts and fea:s; others shrank from dis cussion, and prefeired communion with themselves and to fight out the questions that troubled them iu secrecy. One great value that might attach to a cathedral was that it was always open to men and women to enter, and commune with their own heart--, and seek the aid of the Supreme Being without the in tervention of priest or layman, lie trusted that mam might thus derive comfoit and peace in this cathedral in future. Not only was a cathedral a symbol of the unity that existed in a gicat diocese, but it enabled the members of all churches in the diocese to meet there and hear the most perfect rendering of the beautiful church service that could be given. He trusted the cathedral might speak to future generations of the love and veneration of their forefathers for the religion winch they handed down to their children as their best and most glorious privilege. The primate said he had been n 4 ked to add a feu words to the address—he might safely say touch ing address—of his Excellency. He would take his motto from the opening words of the first lesson— “ Yet now be strong, oh Zcrrubabol; and be strong, oh ye people.” The exhortations of the prophet were addressed to the representatives of authority aud to the genera! people. He was there to express the sympathy which the Australian Church felt in the work they had inaugurated that day. Though he was hastening home to his own diceese after a long absence, it had afforded him pleasure to pause to eon aeciate in Berth a stately and dignified building they had erected as a cathedral, and he paused here not to see the completion but. the beginning of what he trusted would he a still greater work aud a still nobler cathedral church. He trusted that if the cathedrals in England were amongst the most popu lar and vital elements of strength to the popu lation, yet the Australian cathedrals would be t tier to the old cathedral idea and would tmd more to strengthen the chuiuh. Through the circumstances of colonial life* the ideas that a cathedral represented were of transcend mt import ance. It was an offering to the service of God of all of stateliness and beauty that they could command. There was a time in the history of the colony when the dwellings were humble and poor. Now the dwellings .were becoming palaces, and the time had come when, as in the civilisation of old, they should offer the best they could for the service of God, and side by side with their stately buildings should ri?e nobler piles devoted,totbe service of God. He had no patience with that meanness of character dis played by the people who spoke of .improving^their bouses while .tbe church lay waste. lie trustee! the cathedral always be open os the home of the privileged devotions-of-the people, and a'sa a place for the unbroken daily worship of Almighty God and a protest against the idea that the service of God should beconcentrated on Sunday. The church where worship never ceased, must be a great and a growing church, whatever else it might be. The wonderful growth of music, too, had kept pace with the growth of congre gationality, and was a contrast to the dreariness in the service that he (the speaker) could r lumber. The cathedral represented diocesan u.iif.y. It was a parish chuich, and he hoped it would never ceas** to he that; but it was more—it was the mother church of the diocese. It was a place where every churchman had a place and a right. He prized in the highest degree all the influence* that witnessed for the higher unity of the Church. Hekncw there were otherin.luences higher than the cathedral. The work of the bishop and the functions of the synod worked to that end; but.Horn jus experience he wondered they had done so hjng, without a cathedral in Ballarat. It was a powerful influence for unity, and that perhaps was the most urgent need for which they should strive and pray. lie had the greatest hap pines* in being present at the ceremony, and, knowing what he did of the resources and energy of the people, lie trusted the time was not far distant when they who were then laying the foundation stone WAiild see the coping stone of completion put to the cathedral. It was iu the hands of ihe people to do if they wished. The command came not only to the heads of the church ami State, but also to the peop’c —to be strong and work, and he trusted th- promise would he fulfilled, and the Lord <f Ilosta would be with tin in. The foundation stone was not laid that day to the glory of men, hut to the «lory of God, ami that meant the requirement* o* the people in Jesus Christ. The stone that day w.m not laid without cheering hope. After the primate had pronounced the benediction, many of tho-c present filed past Ids Excellency,, and as they parsed deposited their offering on the stone. The amount thus subscribed was £542, .but this in cluded money already promised. The total amount of*new contributions was £470. A recessional hymn was then sung, led by Gulch's Band, and the procession re-form■ and ar.d inarched back to the Pro-Cathedral. 