HENRY IRVING AS "JINGLE." (See illustrations on page 1228.) It has often been regretted that Shakespeare should have oausod so unique a oreation as Meroutio in "Romeo and Juliet," to disappear so quiokly from the Boene. Perhaps something of a similar regret has been felt hy many , readers of " Pickwiok " at the rather short acquaintance they make with the singularly diverting oharaoter of the strolling player, "Alfred Jingle." That light- hearted and nimble tongued vagabond provoB so very amusing a fellow that it is really a wonder that Diokens did not turn him to farther aooount before virtually dismissing him for good. For, though he turns up again later on in the novel, and even serves to point a moral, he is but the ghost, indeed, of his former self. Of " Jingle," in all his glory, with his easy audacity, airy volubleness, and Munohausen-like power of imagination, just barely enough is heard to set people longing for more. Yet, comparatively brief aB are the episodes in whioh " Jingle " has a promi- nent share in VPiokwiok," he loaves an impression whioh is auffiOiently lasting. In his way he is cer- tainly as happy a oomio portrait, as ever Dickens drew. To reproduce "Jingle" on the stage, and with marvellous fidelity to the original, as he lives in the pages of the great humorist who conceived him, has been an aohievement reserved, among many other equally notable ones, for Henry Irving. If, Irving ÍB not exactly a second Garriok, he has, at any rate, no Bmall sharo of that versatility whioh enabled Garriok to distinguish himself as remarkably in oomedy as he did in tragedy. It was, in faot, as an eooentrio comedian that Irving's earlier snooesses wore won. That the same performer who oan enthral by the force and subtloty with whioh he depiots the sternor Eassions can, when he pictures the opposite sido of uman nature, as readily oonvulse an audience with laughter, ÍB unmistakably Bhown by his impersona- tion of " Alfred Jingle." It ÍB generally admitted to be as perfeot a bit of fantastic oomedy aa haB boen witnessed in our day. Oar illustrations give two views of Irving in this famous patt. Henry Irving as " Alfred Jingle." (See "Dramatic" on page 1224). 