Uverpool and District. fPEoic «n ZitrsBPoot Rvgreu.J THE regular monthly meeting of the Canley Vale Progress Association was held on Wed- . Desday, 28th ult., at St. John's Park, the residence of Mr. Donald, secretary, the President in "the chair. The following gentle- \- man -were nominated, and admitted: —Messrs. Frieeuria, Merrick, Monro, PauniB, Cornillion, Gullizina, Edwin Wakely, and Doonld Wakely. Correspondence was read from tho Council Clerk, Liverpool, stating that the comm|ltco apointed by the Municipal Council had recommended the division of the municipality into wards, and that the Council had defined the boundaries at its last meeting and he was now awaiting instructions to have the necessary steps taken to have them pro* claimed, which, it is hoped, will be done without ^any further delay. The committee appointed to draw up the petition to the Minister for Works, culling fab attention to the urgent necessity for a bridge across the creek at the junction of Avoca, Lackey, and Hum- * phries roads, gave in their report*. The Secretary intimated that (be petition was being largely eigncd; but as he had not received all the copies that were sent out for signature, it was agreed to let the matter stand over till next meeting. Messrs. Donald, Westscott, and Wormnld were appointed a committee to interview , the candidates for municipal honours at the forthcoming election. The secretary was instructed to write to Mr. Bead, traffic manager, concerning railway matters; . also to Mr. Buz&cott;, concerning ' ground for a School of Arts. Mr. Donald gave notice of motion that next meeting consider the urgenthner.eEsity for the ereotion of abridge over the creek in Boll's Bead, St. John's Park, between Parbes and Canley Vale Roads. The next meeting, will be held on Monday, 30th inst. The latest development in the ghost line hereabouts is a 12 foot spectre, said to prowl around in-the vicinity of the Liverpool cemetery. Our "eatan" (devil's too common a word) says he intends trying the effect of a charge of quads on the ghostly prowler if it interrupts him on his homeward march. The Centenary Committee are getting along swimmingly with the arrangements for their demonstration on 26th inst. A capital programme has been arranged, and should the weather prove favourable the demonstration will he one ahead of anything of the kind attempted out of the capital. CarolB were sung on Christmas Eve, and also on the evening of 28th ult, under the windows of the Asylum, much to the delight of the inmates and all within hearing. On 27th Decc-mber the body of a maD, in an advanced stage of decomposition, w*a found by a Mr. Kennedy, in the bush, about six miles from Liverpool. The remains were too much disfigured to admit of identification, and nothing whatever could be gathered to throw any light upon the mystery surrounding the man's death; but it is surmised that the unfortunate had been at one time an inmate of the local asylum, who had probably wandered away while under the Influence of liquor, and died from exposure. From the appearanoe of the body it must have been lying where it was discovered for at least three weeks or a month. (Since the late heavy rainB St. George's River is uncrossable except by boats, and the greatest inconvenience is experienced in consequence. A rather painful mishap occurred on pollingday to a young lady from Sraithfiela. She WBB coming out of a Liverpool store, when one of her feet got caught sideways in the door, and it was not until the courteous young mashir shopman came to her rescue with a crowbar that the imprisoned footay-wootsy was released. She walks with the Alexandra limp since the occurrence. A Smithfield buy, a few days ago, dislodged from its place in a "gollion" thicket an old bird's nest; and was somewhat startled to see a carpet snake, about iour feet long, wriggle therefrom. The lid, notwithstanding his scare, managed to kill the reptile. 