V Obituary. ',''..'' EEV. CHARLES STUART PERRY. The Rev. Charles Stuart Perry, incumbent of St. Jude's, Carltori, after a severe illness of many months' duration, died suddenly at the parsonage, in Drummond-street, on the even ing of Monday, the 27th ult. A faithful and devoted pastor, assiduous in the discharge of his parochial duties, plain and practical in his preaching,and with genial manners and an open and kindly disposition to win his people's affection and trust, his ministry, prolonged for twenty-seven years, was a successful and happy one ; while his industry, business ability, and organising powers made the parish in which he spent the greater part of his life as a clergyman a model for systematic I work and orderly administration. Mr. Perry was born at Shenfield, in Essex, in 1827. His father was a graduate of St. John's, Cambridge, and head-master of Shenfield Academy. Three of his brothers entered the ministry of the Church of England. The eldest (of some repute as an Oriental linguist) was for thirty- five years vicar of Tottington, Lancashire ; another brother became vicar of Wisbeach ; and the third (the Rev. George Perry, of King's College, London) is now vicar of Soulbury, Beds. Charles Stuart, the youngest brother, had been only in this colony some little time before he also decided on becoming a candidate for holy orders. Having given proof of his service ableness and sincerity as an honorary reader in the district of 'Wbodend, then attached to the parish of Kyneton, he had resolved to return to England, and pursue his studies at Cam bridge, and had taken his passage, and said farewell to his friends, when circumstances occurred which induced him to alter his plans and remain in the colony. Having studied for a year at Moore College, New South Wales, under the then principal, the Rev. Mr. Hodgson, Mr. Perry was ordained in 1861 by his namesake, the first Bishop of Melbourne, to the curacy of Belfast, under Archdeacon Braim. Thence he was transferred to the Barrabool Hills diBtrict, where he formed some lifelong friendships, and left behind him as the record of his early labours the two churches of Highton and Mount Moriac. In 1866 he came to Carlton to take charge of part of the parish of St. John's, of which his friend, the late Rev. John Barlow, was the incumbent. The piece of ground on which St. Jude's now stands had been set apart for church purposes, and Mr. Perry at once set about energetically collecting funds to erect a building for Divine service. The popula tion, though numerous, was poor, and funds at first came m slowly; but, a commencement navmg been made with a small wooden schoolroom, a congregation waB soon gathered larger than the building could accommodate, and, the people being interested and friends helping, such progress was made with the work that the first half of the permanent church. Was opened in March, 1867. From that time until he waa, temporarily laid aside in 1875 by a throat affection, necessitating rest from work and a visit to England, Mr. Perry was indefatigable in his labours. The parsonage was built in 1868 ; the church, with the schoolroom beneath it, was completed in 1870 ; an organ being placed in the church, and the porch and steeple added to the building, a little later. But while each year thus brought its demand for new work, for which funds had to be provided, so heartily did the people and their minister work together that from year to year the liabilities of the parish, instead of increasing, were being reduced. Mr. Perry preached his last sermon at St. Jude's on Sunday, 3rd July, in last year. On the following Wednesday morning he was seized, while dressing, with violent pains ; and from that time he never knew health again. Asthma and heart disease laid him aside from active work, and, although he was present two or three times at the services of his beloved Church, he was never able again to take any duty in it. His long illness was borne by him with singular patience and resignation. He would always say, ' Not my will, but ?His, be done.' To his wife he often said : ' I Itnoiv that God is my Father, Jesus Christ is my Saviour, and the Holy Ghost is my Comforter. Oh, how great a thing it is to have God for a friend ; He has shown me much loving-kindness.' To an old friend and churchwarden he said : ' I have been laid aside for a long time, but God's will be done. We are. safe in the arms of Jesus, and time is very short.' When depressed and weak he often repeated verses of sacred poetry, which were a source of great comfort to him. One verse of a hymn, by Bonar, he frequently quoted — Come and make all things now, Build up this ruined earth ; Restore our faded Paradise, Creation's second birth. - Come and begin Thy reign . . '..,:' Of everlasting peace ; . Come, take the kingdom to Thyself, ' i Great King of Righteousness. A friend with whom he spent a few days at Hawthorn last November writes thus : ' It struck me so much when dear Mr. Perry was here how entirely his mind seemed to be set on heavenly things, as if the whole current of his thoughts went in that direction, even when earthly affairs were being spoken of. It did me good to be in his company.' Eight months of suffering had brought him no nearer to recovery; and though his family still entertained hope that his life might be spared, it was ' hopiag' against hope.' The end, when it came, came suddenly. On Monday, 27th February, having during the day conversed cheerfully with one of his oldest and most valued friends, he had retired to his room, and was sitting in hiB chair reading a portion of Mr. Duff's NigM Watches, the subject for the evening being, ' And they shall be Mine in the day that I make up My jewels.' A clergyman from a neighbouring parish called to inquire for him, and his daughter, who had only just left his room, went in again to see if her father would like to see him. She found that he had fallen forward, and on going to him saw that a great change had passed upon his face. At her call for help his wife and the other members of his family came to him imme diately ; but only to see him breathe his last, as, without sigh or pain, he fell asleep in Jesus. Mr. Perry was for some years an active member of the Council of the Diocese and the Cathedral Erection Board, serving also from time to time on other diocesan boards and committees, on all of which his opinion was valued as that of a clear-headed, sagacious man, who, from his practical bent of mind and experience of affairs, had more in common than is usual with clergymen with the men of business with whom he was associated. He was also singularly successful in attracting young men to the ministry of the Church, no less than six clergymen, several of whom are still in the diocese, having owed their first impulse towards holy orders to impressions received while attending his church. But Mr. Perry's best work was done in his parish. Bishop Perry, no mean judge of what faithful pastorship demands, wrote of him to his brother : ' He is a good minister of Jesus Christ, justly esteemed by all for his work's sake. There is no clergyman in my diocese whose family and parish I can reflect upon with more satisfaction than your brother's. ' The funeral took place on the afternoon of Wednesday, 28th February, at the Church, which was crowded. The Bervice was conducted by Archdeacon Stretch, Canon Goodman, and the Rev. H. B. Macartney (in the absence of the Dean, who was out of town). The officiating clergymen at the grave were Archdeacon Stretch, and Canons Chase and Vance. The pall bearers were Councillor Pigdon, Messrs. W. S. Puckle, B. James, E. Latham, A. B. Robinson, W. E. Morris, H. Henty, and H. Rickards. Mr. Perry's loss is mourned by a widow and five children, three sons and two daughters. To them and to his brother clergy he leaves the memory of an upright and just spirit, and a tender and loving heart ; to his people, of a sympathetic adviser and helpful and generous friend ; while to the Church at large he leaves the example of what can be done in the way of ministerial usefulness and success by one neither brilliantly talented nor exceptionally trained, but possessing the rich gifts of devotedness to his duties and love to his Lord. 