A lonely Watch. A woman eat resting on a fallen tree by the side of one of the wagon roads that lie in the lonesone districts of the James River—a woman neither young nor handsome, yet who attracted attention by her wild appearance end the squalor of her attire, which was not the outcome of poverty, BO much AB of DIBTREBB and neglect. Alone, and unprotected by anything save a gaunt dog, she yet commanded the respect of all who eaw her, and the few travellers or mountaineers who passed her in voluntarily bowed, or if they addressed her, did so with the utmost civility. Something in her drooping figure and despairing attitude, as she sat there, recalled that mythical daughter of Pluto on her desperate search, or that heroine of modern times—the Evangeline of Acadia —when she said; " Gabriel, O my beloved." But neither traveller or plodding mountaineer thought of that. Only one man made bold to ask her what she was doing there, and the night com- ing on. Turning her sunken eyes, that gleamed with the 6res of insanity, upon him, she answered vagnely : " I'm a lookin' for the children." *' Come from ovah thar ?" he inquired. " Ya'as," she answered slowly, " an' I'm goto' fur. Yer hain't seen no children playin' around ?" "N*—at least no estrays. Be tbey lost far away ?" " YeB, stranger, but me an' Dook'll find 'em. Come Dook," and she rose and went wearily away. " Luny," said the man, looking after her, " luny, as I live. Wa'al, folks as is folks, alias cares for sicb as her" and he resumed his journey, going off with the regular jog-trot step indigenous to the native of that region. At a tarn in the road be nearly ran into a man—a long, shambling creature dressed in a mountaineer's suit of butternut jean, and swinging a ricketty rifle. " P'int her t'other way, stranger," said the mountaineer. " I ain't nowise inclined to be shot to-night. Bevenoo, hey," with a knowing look which the other man ignored, as he inquired, " Hev ye seen a woman goin' along yeahaboute, kind o 1 down in the mouth, an' sick lookin 1 , and a yaller hound with lop " Jes' parted with "em, stranger; she were a-lookin' for the children. D'ye blong to the same party, an' hev ye found tbe yonng unB ?" "The children's all rite, it's her I'm after; much obleegtd Mister, an' good- " N'othor luny," said the man, as he watched the tall retreating figure, " IJsint I seen thet coou-akin 6omewhar ? SceoiB .likely ez not," and he thoughtfully resumed his twice interrupted march. The woman had walked on, and as it grew dark, she was conscious of something 'that she missed. Vaguely she looked < wound. " It's the children," she said aloud* " there ain't nothm' else gonn ? Lemtne sea. Come yenb, Dook !" Then she saw that the dog bad disappeared, and after calling him for a few (minutes, she walked on, but soon she stopped, wavered, and fell in a heap by the wayside. She was aroused by a rain ,of kisses. They fell on her closed eyes, her feverish cheeks, and her weak and wasted hands. She raised herself on her elbow. " Dook," she said faintly. " ye didn't go for to leave me did ye ? I thought ye hat] desarted me !" Then she lifted her eyes from the affectionate humble friend, and saw the man leaning on bis rifle. " Hev ye found the children, Rick ?" she cried leaping to her feet, " No, ye hain't 1 I know it by yer looks." " Come home, Tilly," said the man, gently, " ye told me, when I went on to the still hunt, you'd stay an' watch! Ye hain't been faithful ter what ye promised." "I was lookin' fo' the children," she isaid humbly. " I thought ye'd be that glad to see 'em yer wouldn't mind my comin' away. Be you mad with me. Bick ?" It wouldn't be no use, Tilly. Come on home, an' ter night I'll watch aB' ye can sleep." " I must look for the children, Rick." " What's the use of lookin' any mo' ? They're home now." " Be they ? Yer might have told me .that 3 I'll go bflck with you—if—I—kin.'' She staggered from weakness. The man helped her along, tenderly enough, but in a mechanical way. They walked and talked like people in a dream. It was midnight when tbey reached the lonely cabin on tbe Bide of the mountain, that they called home. The sky was Ntudded with stars, and a waning moon had riBen. A white fog, thin and vapory, stole over the forestn and the open BpaceB, and gave a ghostly pallor to the landscape. The cabin door stood open. The. woman was scarcely sble to stand- She rubbed her eyes hard, and clang to her husband. " Hev I been dreamin'?" she asked in a whisper. " Yes," he answered gently, " dreamin* about the children"—then, in a tone of reproach — " You left them alone last night, Tilly, when I wasn't here to watch with them. 1 ' " I'm clean done out," she moaned. " I forget sometimes, an' go looking for 'em. Kick, will you watch to night an' let me sleep ?" " I calkerlated tew," he answered. ir ye hungry or thirsty, Tilly? There's soraetliin' ter eat an' drink in the cupboard." " I ain't hunpry nor dry," she said in a weary voice. " I'm sleeps', an' kin rest, for las' night an' the night afore, I was p. wanderin' — wanderin', mind an' body both." She threw herself dressed on the miserable bpd. The man looked at her, it was too dark to discern her ft- atiires, but he eaw that she was already asWp The dog stretched himself on the floor at her side, and now and then licked the pallH hand that hung nervelessly above him. And it neither disturbed nor comforted her. The man went outside and eat down on a boulder of rock with his rifle on his knees. Behind him was the grim towering mountain ; before him was the cleared space that belonged to the cabin. At a little distance there was a email clearing that looked as if it might have been intended for 0 flower garden—only there were no flowers. There were ridges in the earth that defined themselves againnt the light. Three of them, of unequal length, hut small and narrow. The man on watch fixed his ey«-s on these. He often looked back at the mountain or up at the infinite heavens above him, but it was only for a moment. Once he saw a shadow—some noisome thing creeping, creeping from the edge of the forest. As it came near the little hillocks and stopped, he lifted hiB rifle and took silent aim. The dog in the cabin whined, then the shadow crept back. It waB only a badger ; but one step nearer to that guarded spot and it had been a dead thing ! The night wore away—the stars paled. The strange infeBting creatures slunk out of sight; the moon stayed like an unwelcome ghost, and daylight came, coldly white and gray, foreshadowing the rising sun. The dog in the cabin gave a long, solemn bow), and was silenced by a word, hurled backward from the door. Then the weary watcher called him. The morning hours were his watch ; for the first time since tbe children had been " lost " the faithful brute failed to take his place. Wondering, the man went in and hung his rifle above the fireplace. Then he turned to the dog. " Watch 'em, Dook, watch ther children ?" The man's gruff voice trembled. The doe refused to move, and even snarled and showed hie teeth. The mountaineer was troubled. Duke wa6 older than " they" would have been if they hadn't got " loBt." He had been their friend and playmate—what did it mean ? " Tilly," he called softly, " Tilly !" and he laid hie hand on the shoulder of the Bleeping woman. The dog sprang at him, and fastened his teeth in the band. The man took no notice of him. He was looking on the face of the dead. " Tilly," he said gently, as he bent over her, " ye have found the children, an' now it's my watch alone !"—Free Press. THE A EMS OF MILO'S VENDS.—There was a fire some time ago in the Art Association rooms, relates the San Francisco Chronicle. It was not much of a fire, but there was some damage done to the numerous art treasures accumulated there. Of course, the less an insurance man knows about art the better. It might influence him to allow too ranch for damages. The insurance adjuster arrived upon the scene and proceeded to adjust tbe damages. " I don't 8ee that there is much damage done here?" " Not much damage 1 Look at the wreck, man." « Well, how much do you say—five hundred dollars ?" "Five hundred dollars ! That's nothing." " You haven't got much insurance on the shebang." "Shebang!" said Mr Martin and the President, in mournful unison " Five hundred dollars is a good deal I" " Five hundred dollars 1 Why, just look at that statue." "Well, I don't—" " What 1 The Venus of Milo 1 Look at it! One of the greatest of all works of sculpture. Just look at it! The arms all broken off—you can't replace that statue, sir, for—no, not for 1,500 dollars. " Great Scott I Say, will you take 1,000 dollars and call it square ?" " Well, it doesn't pay the damage to that one statue, but let it go at that." Tbe " Venus of Milo," it may not be altogether superfluous to remark, lost her arms somewhere shout two thousand yews ago. 