T?',, WOMEN..I \--·t-.-? 1 The way of the world is not always a just w way. Yet there is a conception of justice in o0 it. Pulie opinio;n too oftten cO.)demns what ti f--m' to be wrong in one and p.ardons what fr i, known to be wrong in another. Yet p:ddic opinion has a dim idea of right and nw wrong, and we must abide by its decisions h end shape our acts acecordingly, or suffer the cnnsequences. s In their pleasant morning-room the Riech- , -mnd sistern lounged idly, chatting over :th h events of the preceding evening. That is, I I lt-len lounged and chatted, while ' Prudie' b (as Helen had nicknamed her sister Ger trude) sowed on some bit of work and listened si Jt was usually so- Helen talking in her light, I s'ger way ; Prudie listening in her quiet, patient fashion. You saw that -in their h faces-Helen's so sparkling, vivacious, and a glowing; Prudie's so full of thought. Four years previously, when Prudie was fourteen and Helen sixteen, their mother n dved, leaving her girls to the care of a too- tl indulgent father and his invalid sister. Com- I fortably situated, with pleasant surroundings, h the girls had grown to womanhood with no s one to guide or counsel them. Tliair father h left them to follow their ownm will, and there I .,int was too much of a sufferer to think of I her nieces' needs. n ha They had lived a somewhat retired life till v a year previously, when they had discovered p there was pleasure in societyand Helen's d brightness and sprightliness at once won her-i d friends and admirers. I Invitations came in plenty to parties, s operas, and theatres, which Helen usually, and Prudie rarely, accepted. She, Prudie, I flt out of place, she said, in festive throngs. a She liked quiet evenings and domestic I duties. I A few months before the opening of my story Helen had promised her hand in r marriage to August Benjamin, who soon Ij after left her and his home to pursue the c study of medicine in a distant -city. It was i to be a long engagement, but they loved each r other devotedly, and their trust was equal to their love. 1 Helen was telling her sister of the delight- c ful evening she had spent at Mrs Lambert's. 'That elegant Harry Ormshy w.s there,' she said, 'and was my shadow all the evening. I waltzed with him three times, and he en gaged me for the first waltz at Mrs Egbert's next week. I do think he is splendid. So f handsome, and he can pay such charming compliments.' Prudie dropped her work and looked i anxiously at her sister. 'Oh Helen, I wish you were not so -found of admiration,' she .a'd at length. I wish you cared less for "t It fills me with alarm when I see how I .'u are carried away -aiththe adulation of < the multitude,' Helen laughed. ' It is all right, Prudie,' i she said, ' and only natural that I should like to be admired. Most women do. I do rot s-ek for admiration, I just take it when it is offered. I am sure there is no harm in it.' ' And then again,' Prudie continued,' it seems to me not quite proper that you-?hould waltz so often with Harry Ormsby, or any man, while you are engaged.' Helen tapped her sister's cheek laugh ingly. 'Little Prudie,' she said, ' where's the harm I You would not have me a hermit, would you, because 1 am engaged T' ' No ; but 1 would have yon don a mantle of reser-e that should shield you from any familiarity. It seems to me a woman who is engaged onght to keep herself wholly for the man she lover. not permitting another's arm to encircle her waist, even in the waltz.' ' And 1 should as soon think of flying as adopting such a strict code .' laughed Helen. ' It would not suit me at all. Of course 1 mean to be prudent and properly reserved, ,ut I think it is all right if I waltz a dozen times in one evening.' Gertie contracted her brows. 'I wish, Helen dear, that you would not use such a superfluity of adjectives to express yourself. It is a wicked waste of our mother tongue. And, my detar, it pains me to see you so flighty. Last week it was all about the splendid Harry, now it is the magnificent Will. It seems to me yoou ought not to go into such estacies over new faces. It savours tco much ef the flirt, and of all things 1 would dislike to think you a flirt.' ' And of all things, that is something 1 would never be. There is no danLger of it, Prudie. I like nice times, admire handsome men, and enjoy admiration to the love of flirtation and frivolity. Helen's preferen.e for Will Everts lasted hut a few weeks, Another newer and handsomer face appeared, and Will Everts wa. forgotten. Again Prudie spoke. 'Helen, I really fear you are getting frivolous. The spirit of inconstancy must be in your heart, or you would be truer to August.' And Helen laughed and answered "' No, Prudie, there is safety in numbers. As long as I have so many followers I cannot become attached to anyone. You see I can drop them at any moment when my August comes back to me.' So she rersoned, not knowing that she was forming a habit as dangerous to the peace of woman as the love of strong drink is to man. Let a woman once accustom herself to thel love and admiration of many mnn,, and she will find it almost an utter impossibility to content herself with the love and admiration of one, even if that one is her choice of all. The desire for change and variety once encouraged grows with astonishing strength, and carries before it many a firm priinciple. So with Helen. At the first, she only received and enjoyed the admiration and praise given her By and by she fourid herself making exertions.to win more of it And Prudie saw with a pang that her once gen-rous, self-denying sister was grow?ing selfish and exacting. She would demand this and that in the way of personal adorn ment, and took time which should have been apent assisting Prudie in domestic duties, to plan her evening toilets. So one folly persisted in will bring other wrong in its train. The new admirer grew to be an old story, and was cast ofil for a handsome foreigner. Again Prudie remonstrated. ' I am so afraid you ,·vill !e talted about,' she said. ' Men I are not always htolouralie, and wwhen they j are cast old tor a newer face, will souietimnes `T-,i*n qsaih-l. .i;' her iineainod secnrity. I SNo danug-r. You know it is only flirts d who are talked about. I do not draw men p on, to niake them love me, and then cast li 'ienem oft I merely change my escorts t frequently. They all kniow I mean nothing.' t So 'she argued ; hut a woman cannot t number so many admirers and still keep her C i heart wholly for one. t SAugust wrote in one letter to Helen this d sentence: 'I hope you are enjoying life during my absence. I would not like to a have you deny yourself one pleasure because I am not thereto share it It will make me t happier to know you are happy.' 1 Helen read the letter to Prudie. 'There,' l she said, ' you see he advises me to do just as a I am doing.' r But in her heart she knew better. Knew 1 he would not be satisfied with many of her c Sactions. So easy it is to make words mean what we desire them to. a Helen grew tired of her foreigner, and the i new tenor in St John's was substituted. But t the foreigner was not so easily displaced. a He said Helen had led him on-encouraged t him to love her, by looks and acts, and he z swore revenge. So much he said, and so 1, loudly, that the story became noised about. ] It was painfully humiliating to Prudie and Helen both. It was not pleasant to have r her name used so freely. The foreigner said t very foolish things-told lies, in fact ; and people were ready to believe them all, and s did believe that she had exerted herself to 1 draw him on, when, in reality, she had not. r He had not needed any encouragement to mike a fool himself over her bright face. i But public opinion set her .down as a i heartless flirt. Prudie heard her called so, and told her of it. She shrank at the word. It was not pleasant, when applied to her. But then, she said, public opinion never I waited to investigate a matter before I rendering its verdict. It was horribly un Sjust the world over. She supposed she I could endure its cruelty, as others had before her. So easy it is to make ourselves out martyrs when we are really guilty of a wrong. The girls gave a little party one evening. I It passed offdelightfully, but something oc curred that marred Prudie's pie Lsure for the evening. Helen had been waltzing with Robert Owens-the most desperate flirt in town. They had- stepped into an alcove, and were standing near the window. Helen was flushed, buoyant, excited. The man at her side was fascinating, handsome, elegant. He stood very near her, and as she looked up in his face, chatting in her frank, eager way, an irresistible impulse came over him, and hs stooped and kissed her mouth. She flushed, dropped her eyes, and turned her face away, but did not resent the freedom of his act. Once she would have turned scornfully from him, forgettingeverything but that she had been insulted. Now she let it I pass as a too free, but a pardonable token of admiration. Prudie passed the alcove in time to see the act. She had not thought Helen would per mit such a familiarity from any man save August. It made her heart ache. And Helen-she had an uncomfortable feeling someway, which she could not name. A conviction that'she was not wholly pure as she had been ; a sense of having oome dowon from the heights. in a measure. Yet she would not confess it too Prudie, when Prudie told her what she had seen. 'I do not see the harm,' she said. I It was only a light kiss on my lips, I am no worse for it, neither is he. Oh, Prudie . I wouldn't be as staid as you for the world. I think it ih Sstupid never tohavejolly times, aid be flat tered and admired, and-yes, kissed !' The very next day August came home for a short visit. Helen was delighted, and during his stay was all that he could desire. He could not 1 find fault with her manner to her gentlemen friends in his presence, and ,thought her a model of womanly modesty. Talking with Sher one day, he said : 'No, my dear Helei? I would not have you shut yourself at hosni during nmy absence. I am delighted that you a go into society and have so many friends, and even admirers. I know that I can trust Her conscience smote her at those words, but she said nothing. 'I know one thing to a certainty,' he con tinued, 'however many admirers you may 1 have, there is no arm but mine can encircle Syour waist, no lips but mine can kiss this I mouth. Am I not right f f Oh, she felt so guilty ! She could not tell him the truth-to undeceive him would be Sto destroy all his faith. She could only 1 evade his question. So she summoned all her powers at dissimulation, and with well feigned reproach looked him in the eyes: S' Right I Oh, August, how can you ask me f that ' SAugust kissed her, and was properly re pentant. 'Forgive me, darling. I have -no , right to doubt you by asking the questiofi. sI will not wrong you so again.' t Then she shed some tears on his shoulder. SThey were really tears of shame and guilt,. tbut he thought them tears of wounded love and pride. He told her he was a heartless s brute, amnd humbled himself in the dust. So' f easily deception follows in the steps of wrong- : doing. After August's departure, Helen e seemed to have begun a new life. And e Prudie, wondered, n hile she rejoiced at the o change. Balls, operas, parties, had little at I traction forher, and when she did attend, i. rshe arrayed herself in a mantle of dignity thati e repelled all approach. , She was really trying to do penance for • former indiscretions, and she found she was .j getting back to the higher place; that she 1 was living abetter and purer life that in the d oldatmosphere of flattery and frivolity. She 'felt'herself growing -stronger and healthier e in mind daily. a "But one fatal night Mrs Henderson gave a d party in honor of her nephew, Calvin \- Waters, who had recently returned from a n foreigh tour, laden with honours. He wasi i, the author of a successful book, and beside Swas handsome, acomplished, and agreeable. r The young ladies all fluttered about him, each desiring to win his sweetest smile, and r, bring their best arts to bear upon him. r. Unconsciously Helen felt her mantle of d reserve falling ofl and the old spirit of Scoquetry returning. Her cheeks kindled, y her eyes sparkled, she talked as only she s could talk, she mnagnetised all around her "b *.;,i- iar wnnefni eves and smile. was soon leaning over her chair in thb?º .t I? ; devoted mauine.r. lier triuiiph wa.? coin piete. She had _won the..attntion, of the r lion for the evening, .and distanced all rivals. I She meant the matter to end there.. Meant to don her mantle of reserve and go or. in a the better way. She cared . nothing for Calvin Waters, she merely wanted to 0 triumph for one evening.:; Bi t-some of the o disappointed damsels said spitefully that 'Calvin Waters had better' not waste his s admiration on anrengaged woman.' - t It wouldn't pay, and he would probably a think so when he'found shewas engaged.' a The remark reached Helen's ears1 and spurred s herto renewed 'actiin. She encouraged his attentions, and ':-when he referred ,to the 1. rumor of her engagement, she gwas so at a loss to understand him,' that h""at once coni1 eluded he had been misinforim'el. Mr Waters was a splendid man physically I and mentally, and proved an agreeable cqm- N panion. They spent many delightful h?urs e together, and Hel n grew to look for him, and miss him, more than she cared to confess to herself. August was.in a measure for gotten, and his- letters neglected. She was leading Calvin Waters on, step by step. Prudie saw it and reproved .her, but she vowed they were only friends-that he had not the slightest thought of anythinig more t than that. But she knew. better. " 'Even- if he has,' she asked plaintively, ' what can I do ! Shall I snub my friend who has been so kind to ; me, and lose his friendship Or'shall I make myself ridiculous by warning him not to falli in love with me, and be informed that he had r not dreamed of such a thing 'l' 'N o need'of either, Prudie responded. 'A I woman can find ways of keeping a man from I avowing his love for her, or hoping for her i love, without compromising her dignity, or losing his friendship.' 'Well, I am sure I know of no way.to keep a man from making a fool of himself when he is inclined to,' sighed Helen. ' But' Calvin Waters is not going to do anything of the kind. We are excellent friends-have tastes in common, like the same books, and it is but natural we should enjoy each other's society.' Such arguments as a coquette will bring to justify her actions ! The .end came as Prudie had predicted.' Calvin proposed for her hand,-and was wholly unprepared 'for her refusal. Helen felt this matter deeply. She had spent so much. time with him. they had been so-happy together- and now it was all over. She-did like the man; but for her vows to August she would have said she loved. him. _ So dangerous it is for us to wilfully expose ourselves to tempta tion. In playing with fire she had burnt her fingers. Henceforth she could never give a whole heart to August. The door had been broken open and another : had shared his room. She had cast him' out, yet his ghost would return and accuse her. Beside, the lock was broken and .the- door left ajar, so that others might intrude. Calvin Waters went' away cursing all womankind. Helen tried to forget him, but found it hard work. . She took to all sorts of gaieties to fill-up-her-mind: She-was likes.; reformed drunkard, who is induced to take one glass, and the old appetite returns with renewed strength and sweeps all before it. She flirted terribly. Prudie remonstrated, but to no purpose. SYou said once you would not like to be called.a-flirt,' she urged; 'yet your actions now are those of a confirmed and heartless flirt. ' Ihad the name applied to me before I deserved it.' Helen answered. ' Now 1 may as well[win the right to wear it.' The 'world Schose to proiounce me a flirt, and I will not disapoint it!' So we try to justify our r ,rodfg-doing by laying the blame on the Sworld's shoulders. ' And after all,' she continued, ' it is not such a terrible thing to Sbe a flirt. There is lots of fun in it', . 1- When a woman once reaches this point, ;,there is no telling where she will-~not go. ! There are grades iiri flirting-step? s down. i Women begin at the top and descend. Helen Sbegan with ball-room flirtations under the Schandelier, with men she knew and claimed as friends. B:ut these grew tame, and she ,took to parlor flirations-playing at love with one she cared nothing-for. Next came : operaglass flirtations at theatre and concert; r and, last and worst, handkerchief flirtatioins on the'stieet. i Prudie saw this one day, and was shocked, as she might well be '1 never thought you would come to tlhat,'she said. 'I don't see the harm,' Helen answered. S' It is only amusement, and the men under i stand it.' -The girl really meant no harm. She was : full of life and spirits. She had a face thaty attracted men's glances wherever'she went, and there was an' air about everything she \- wore, that made them glance a secondtime. Her love of 'fun, coupled with her love of ad miration, caused her to enjoy dnd encourage such glances; and, once beguin, she found a Sfascination' in. flirtationis that was irresistible. ,., ' Menknow it is just in fun,' she said; but 3 she woke one day to know better. Prudie s was in a street car one day, and her sister ' discussed in a way that made her heart ache \- and her cheeks burn. Two young men, evi 1 dently young swells, were talking of her 1 spoke of her as' fast,' and ' ay,' and a stun 3 ning little piece,' and laughed over flirtations \- they had enjoyed'with her. Prudie thought she should scream outright. • She rushed home and told Helen what she i had heard. It almost stunned the girl. She ro had not dream~t that her name could be used S. lightly. "'Her eyes were openeda suddenly, e and for the first timre she seemed to realise e how far she hadl descended :from the high a plaee God intended woman to occipy. Oh, r if she could only get back-if she could only i hold up her hand, and say with ' Aurora j Leigh; T "- Thishand, ? Wose glove there's e ot a man dare blab aliout, SAs if hed touch itifreely." e It was such-s glorious thing:fora woman to Sbe able to say, and Prudie could say- it-; but , she could not. Yet once she had said she ! 'would not be like Prudie-so straightlaced and strict: for all the world! .... I She made up her mind to be be'tei' now f at all events. She could not undo the tast, I, bhut she would be better in the future--keep e herself for August, ad he neednever know r of the past That very week August returneMd, and in I rnem'~t Cvi'i W't"- r'1-1' Yrro aim thlL toF? ul T d i3 I i.? ··' .-.,!·: , ) He told it all without giving the. woman's name. At the very last, hp spoke iAt 'Of all the women on God'. ekrth,' he said, ' I would least have suspected Helen Richmond of such malicious wrong-doing.. She led me on, step by step, only to see me suffer.' August was thunderstruck. He asked o some questions, and found there was no mis take. It. was his Helen. He rushed home, 1 and:on,the way heard his Helen's name used as lightl as' Prudie had. heard it. Found she had been flirting-horribly with a score of men during his abs.nce. \Vell-he had had some dozen love. affairs, but that made no difference. I-He could not forgive Helen. His wife. l ust be above reproaah, he said. He could - not and would not take I the reiiinait' of womnan, as he expressed it. One whose heart was. like. an inn-admitting every traveller wh-'came to the door. So he broke the engagement. It was a very bitter blow to Helen, for she did love August, after all. Public opinion upheld August. It was the way of the n.brld to do so. ' Years after, Helen married and went to live in a distant town; but her reputation followed her. It is sure to do so. A woman can never .wholly live such things down. The ghosts of old follies and thoughtless im prudencies will rise up in her path occasion ally,. no matter how low she hides them. Her domestic life was not a very happy one, either'; such a life as she lived those years does :not fit a woman for domestic bliss. Prudie married August. She was above re proach, a perfectly pure and noble woman; and she married a man who had thought himself in love with forty women, and had flirted with as many more. This is the way of the world-and public opinion declared it an excellent match.-Ella Wheeler-W ilcox, in SSt. Zouis Magazine. i 