THE OPERA. By Demos. Tho auspicious begiuing of n fresh opera season, Italian and Euglish, suggests some considerations on tho musical treasures as yot unlocked1'' In Molbourne. An regards tho drama, wo nro fairly abreast of Loudon. No sooner is an English success, -liko thu Lights o1 London, Silver King, Private Secretary, Tho Alikado, Dorothy, Hands Across tho Sea or Captain Swift announced than Alulbouruo managers announco it too. Air Warner's pro longed attraction, and that of tho Gnioty troupo will, as wo liavo pointed out, bring to Australia the finest British Btars. Melbourne is so iutensely musical that ib is only reasonable to expect o|>cra to keep pneo with drama. Look at whan Lystcr accomplished with"' productions which were in deed stupendous for their era, as the Huguenots, Lo Propheto, Sicilian Vespers and others, oxlmustlng all that could bo anticipated in his day. The drama here has boon euiaiict- ixvted from tho rotgn of . shift and shoddy. Alelbuumo witnesses representations almost, or quite, equal to thoao at Dniry L&no;, tlio llayninrkct, tho Savoy, tho Sf. James or tho Voudovillo. Therefore, being oven mora muKlcal than dramatic, It should claim grand opera In a stylo which is aorao reflex of London and Farm. The production of Ermuil lias boon woll re ceived. Strango to Bay, this fino work has nover been popular m Molbourne, whereas it is & sure fail back iu Sydney. ' Such is tlio familiar see saw or teetotum between tho sister cities. If Alclbourno ruves over Farreu and Leslie, Sydney must thaw just a little. Tho Carlo Magno chorale In Erimni rouses Its furore, but yet Atolbourno will nob rank this production of Verdi's on tho piano with Un Bullo in Arnsciorn,IITrovutoro or La Travinta. Whilo Air Sirmnson's troupe culls laurels, ivo are reminded that Buzzi, Do Alba nud Siguorina Rebottavo are with 'us too. Also lluzoii, applauding ids onchusinstio con frere Lombard!, tho now man, who, like Giorza, lenriis operas off by heart. Wo havo seen Hazon couduob without book, too. Sinco Lohengrin was brought out, ever so long ago, there has nob been a word about Wagner on tlio Melbourrio operatic stage. Stay, tlm last unlucky management announced thu Fliegendo Ilullauder, Flying Dutchman, bub that was all. Augustus Harris is tlio imprcssarin of tho day in Lou don. His last season was tho mosb brilliantly siiccesafuUinco tho old timo of Grisi, Marin, Rubini, Tambitrini, Ronconi, nnd Lublacho. Tho combination of Mndamo Albani awltli Aludnmo Sculohi, tho brothers Do Rcszke, nnd Lassallo, in Faust, furnished tho . best all- round performance of that opera on record. Then, as AlarguRritn, Aladamn JNordica is almost, if nob quito equal to Mndnino 'Albani. Jean do Iteszko as' Faust, aud Edouard do Reszko an Mepliistophcles, witli LasBitllo as Valuntiuo, and Scaloht as Siebel, nro as near perfection a can bo hoped for. It has boon proved that opera can subsist without Pattl, who was away In South Ainorlca, filling tha vast Argentine), at Buenos Ayros. Madamo Alolba (Airs Arm strong, of Melbourne) sang Lucia and Gilda, m Itigoletto, with acceptance. The wholo staging und mounting of the operas, was such as had novcr bocu scou in London, Ono of tho occurrences to remember through out a lifetime was tho opening of tlio now Paris Grand Opera House, 5th January, 1875. This was a kind of flaunt in tho face of Ger many, a threat of tlio itovanchc. , Tho idoa ombodied in this magnificent Opera Uouso, as In tho Paris Exhibition 1878, was tlio Resur rection of Franco. Tho opening night brought such a eoncourso as had ' never been known. When the lights flashed up on Battriry's gorgeous decorations nnd tho great jrchestra, 80 performers, in evening dress, (truck up tlio ovortqro to Halcvy's Juivc, in front of tho curtain picture, tho theatre Qrammcd with bcaucy, fashion and distinction, tho 8pcctaclo was matchless.- Gambctta sat behind thu grill of a private box; Nevertheless tlio prescub standard in Paris doc nob seein quite up to London. Alnny novelties nro produced nt tho Paris Opera which . do not roach London, sqch as - Paladillio's setting of Sardou's Patrie, tlio Henry VIII, of Saint Sncns, and that superb work, pictorially, of Insb sea son, tho Chateau do Monsorcau. Eugiish and Australinn visitors wero profoundly impressed witli a revival of Ambroiso Thomas's Hamlet, wherein grand musical effect is given to Ham let, tho Ghost, and Ophelia. Wo havo a now book, the Prima Donna, by Sutherland Edwards, sketching all tho song birds. Catalani was the star when, this cen tury begun. Her voico had extraordinary volume, compass, and flexibility. Cap tain Cronon relates, in his memoirs, that ho tisod to seo her kneeling down and saying her prayers nt tlio sidc-sceun, beforo coming on tho stage, and this was hor regular cudtoin. Madatno Urassini was a favorite both with Napoleon nnd Wellington. Pasta was her rival. Sontag onjoyed iiumenso favor. Alali- bran died ab 28. Iler voico was n lustrous mezzo-soprano. Grisi took tlio pubbo by storm with her voice, beauty and dramatic power. Persian! wns much admired, Jenny Lind h.ing in Norma, Robort do Diablo and many other operas. Alendclssohn's oratorio of Elijah being now placed iu rehearsal by Air Cowcn's Exhibition Olioir, n few veterans may recall Jenny Lind' matchless singing in it, nt Exeter Hnli, 15th December. 1843, soon after Alendclssohn's death. Everything conspired to mnko ttio night incmorablo. It wns fresh in recollection how Alondelssolm had conducted tho first per- formaucoof his Elijah at Birmingham. Returning to tho Prime Donne, wo haver Oruvolli, Aliolnn, Oarvalho, Anna Bishop, and Onthurino Ilaycs. Louisa Pyno is identified with nil tho rango of . English Opera. Picco- lomini was a delightful little .pcrsomigo, a forerunner of Patti. Bosio had great talent. Tiotjuns succeeded Grisi in the grand roles of Norma, Lusrozia Borgia, Semiramldo and Fidos, Lucca long witched Germany, 'Eug- land and America. Nilsson's voico is of tnodurato powor, but grcnt Bwoctncss. Sho is the snino ago as Pubti, 45. Albaui is about 41. De Murska is out of Noah's Ark. Thu great tenors have buen Rubini, AInrio, Giuglini, Tainborlik, Iteoves, Campaninl, Gnyarro, J. Do Reszke. Mougini travelled on ono high note, which nobody elso could fetch out. . As a basso, no purfonnor on record npprontiiios within musical cftoeo of Lablnohe. Ills Bartolo, Bosilio, Don Pusquaie, Leporello, Dulcamara, and everything elso is the standard of- tradition. In baritone, Tnmburini, Ronconi, Fnuro aud LassuUo'aru great namos. Tho contralto has been elovatod to prominonco by Alboni, Trubelli and Bcnlolil. 