HOW WOULD THAT BE. upposing a kind, gentle zephyr should blow message from England, that's been rather slow, hich shall say that from here our besom^must go, Now—How would that be ?„ upposing, for instance, that we should soon hear rom troubles and debts our poor Colony's clear, hat we in the future had nothing to fear^i £Now—how would that be UURVX.ITE.AU H upposing again tlr^n, when Greek shall meet Greek, nce more in the Chamber fresh laurels to seek, o member against his own colleague shall speak Now—How would that be.? upposing before this next Council shall close, ! e should hear there's an end to our troubles and ' j woes, nd our long sought for change is not a suppose, Now—How would that be ? upposing all men-were as honest as day, nd should say what they mean, and mean what they say, ll little outstanding accounts they would pay, Now—How would that be P you know, that a good working man, Could always get work without asking poor Dan (I), So that he need not linger on pollard or bran, Now—How would-that be? Supposing, again if the parties play fair, Who are seeking a seat in the chief civic chair, . We should find Mr. Traylen's elected as Mayor, . ]Sjow—How would that be ? i ; ! ! Suppose a suppose, if there is such a thing, That the trade of the Colony took such a spring That it would to our merchants a competence bring Now—How would that be r Supposing again that the great railway scheme Is no longer a distant and beautiful dream, And the sun of prosperity brightly showed beam, Now—How would that be ?4 Supposing kind friends whom* we always supply With our nice little journal you'd thoughtfully try To pay up your subs, and cause others to buy Now—How would -that be r The Melbourne Observer states:—A young tfirl named Elizabeth Scott, of the larrikiness type, (was brought up by Constable O'Sullivan on a charge of insulting behaviour. In company with some others of her class of both sexes, the girl was in Bruns- ! wick-street On Saturday night, and in full light of jtlie shops demonstratively kissed one of her male ! companions. A fine of 10s. was inflicted. . . . Weeping ttachel ! And this is insulting behaviour ! The time has actually arrived when a girl can't kiss the youth of her affections under the gas-light without being charged with insulting Constable O'Sullivan—we presume because she didn't kiss that bogtrotting minion of the law instead of the other fellow, Shades of the departed Pompey ! Ghosts of Abraham. Isaac and Jacob gaze upon the scene ! Holy Mo^s! Also great Jehosophat ! * This item of shipping newsreads funny, "The Duke of Devonshire wsis off the yort towards daylight." Suppose he was on the whisky. 