REMAINS OF A CONVICT SETTLEMENT. The convicts of Port Arthur, besides build- ing prisons for themselves and homes for their gaolers, were employed in pile-driving, tanning, and other trades. A number of the men also worked on a large farm near Safety Cove, which lies south of Carnarvon, on the same side of the inlet. Between these two places is Opossum Bay, sheltered by Point Puer, a rocky, scimitar-shaped promontory, that owes its name to having been the site of a reformatory for boys. They were only sent there in the early days of Port Arthur, and before 1853, when transportation to Tasmania ceased, this penitentiary had been broken up, and the useless buildings removed to the mainland. The foundations of a long wall may still be seen near the beach, and bricks and broken stone are found wedged tight in trees that have grown since the place was abandoned. Half-hidden by thick bush and grassy mounds are two small tunnel-like chambers, said to be remains of underground cells, where the boys were confined ; how- ever this may be, there is no doubt the poor wretches were treated on a system that had the effect of shortening rather than improving their lives. Some are known to have drowned themselves, and a great rock at one part of the promontory goes by the name of "Suicide Cliff." Readers of His Natural Life will re- member that most touching account of the two children who tied their hands together and "did it." In a line with Point Puer, from which it is separated by only a hundred yards or so of shallow water, lies a little island, called the Island of the Dead. Here all those who died at Port Arthur in convict times were buried, and the graves lie thick among straight- stemmed gums, that lift their shadeless branches above tangled fern and scrub. Only one living man ever stayed upon the island— a convict named Barron, who for more than 10 years dwelt alone among the graves he dug. Trollope, who visited Port Arthur about 1871, mentions having seen him, and says that he went quietly on with his work, undisturbed by tears of either ghost or man, and troubled only by the remembrance of his crimes. The little wooden hut where he used to live stands smothered in a thicket near the edge of a low cliff, and though long deserted, still retains some marks of his only tenant. Bits of blackened string dangle from the cobwebbed rafters, and on a bar crossing the fallen fireplace hangs a piece of rusty hoop- iron, bent so as to hold a pot for cooking. Through a square window-opening in this dismal room one catches sight of a landscape full of light and colour. Framed as in a picture lies wooded Point Puer, with a fore- ground of tawny rocks and clear blue water that sparkles in the sun. A natural rampart of rugged cliff surrounds Dead Island on every side but that facing Carnarvon, where the ground slopes upward from a pebbly beach. It was here the funeral boats were pulled ashore, and the coffin, after being taken to a little shed that served as mortuary chapel, was carried up a narrow, winding path, either to form one more nameless mound in the penal division, or to be laid in some grave on higher ground among those thought worthy of remem- brance. Now, they also are forgotten, and the fallen, defaced tombstones in this wilder- ness of scrub looks even more desolate than the worn furrows that mark where convicts lie. The uncared-for burial ground has become once more a breeding place of sea birds, and at night the cry of their young ones sounds like the wailing of a child. There are supposed to be 2,000 persons buried on Dead Island, all of whom spent either part or the whole of their lives at Port Arthur. The only exceptions appear to be some unfortunate creatures drowned in the wreck of the schooner Echo. On the slab above their grave is an inscription with the accuracy and feeling of an inventory— " Three of the bodies herein deposited and some bones of a youth." A kind of sarco- phagus to the chaplain's memory forms the most important monument of the little cemetery. As a rule the head-stones are cut roughly, and give merely the name and age of those departed. Some, however, in re- membrance of soldiers and constables, bear the inscription "Accidentally drowned," " Killed in the discharge of his duty." Others have texts, and one tablet may be seen in- scribed with the verse from Jeremiah, " He has died in the place whither they have led him captive ;" words which, under the cir- cumstances, seem to have a doubtful application. There are a few epitaphs to be found, mostly rhyming ones, a fact sometimes over- looked, as in the following:— " in-the-buld-of-life-i-was-night-and- died-my-mother's-Joy-and-father's- pride-but-father-and-mother-though- great-the-love-yet-greater- far- was-his-a-bove-that-heavenly- parent-with-whom- i-Be- the-saviour-of-the world-who- died-for-me : may-rest-in-peace." The two capital letters in this inscription appear to be purely decorative, and as the stone where they are graved shows marks of a small j and b having been smoothed off, it is evident the artist did not act without re- flection. His treatment certainly harmonises with the spelling and metaphor. " Buld " is a word that seems to have fallen into disuse; so has " trumghet," the name of an instru- ment which one can easily believe to have had an " awful voice." This development of " trump-het " (the emphatic form of trumpet) may have resulted from some stonecutter not minding his p's and q's. There are several allusions to the " last trump," whose " potent sounds shall echo through creation's ample rounds," arousing those that " here do lay till the last day, till time shall have an end." Time at Port Arthur does not seem to have been considered synonymous with change, and the hope that it may eventually be disposed of is expressed in most of the epitaphs. It occurs in a curiously worded one—" to the memory of Eliza Jane T—, daughter of James and Mary Ann T—, Sergt. 99th Regt." After giving dates, &c.;, the inscription proceeds—" This stone is erected by the sorrowing parents of the above child to mark the spot where it has pleased God to unite her body to its mother earth till time shall be no more." But people may feel grief though they don't know grammar ; and, notwithstanding the comical terms of these epitaphs, there is something very pathetic in their feeble striv- ings to save the memory of a loved one from utter oblivion. The failure of these efforts is seen unsoftened on the Island of the Dead—little inscriptions on neglicted graves are left to grow illegible or peel bodily off; even if they were as fresh as on the day of the funeral no one would care to read them. The people buried there have in every sense passed away ; the interest taken in the work they did is not because of them, and only their bare names remain, cut with a convict's chisel. Again has it happened that people important in their day are remembered only from being associated with creatures they despised. Unless he died a prisoner had little chance of escaping from the natural penitentiary. All over the peninsula were stations com- municating with each other by an arrange- ment of semaphores, and the few hundred yards of isthmus at Eaglehawk Neck were guarded by a cordon of mastiffs and an armed boat's crew. The dogs were chained in a line across the sand that separates Port Buncle from Pirates' Bay, and just sufficient space was left between them to prevent their attacking each other. Of the eleven mastiffs, two were set on stages in the shallow water of Port Buncle, the coasts of this narrow inlet being watched by constables, who were stationed in huts along the shore. Sharks are said to have been fed here regularly, in order that they might act as a natural water police, and there are many grisly stories of attempted escapes. On the road to Tarauna some rocks are pointed out where three con- victs were once recaptured. Two of them had reached the water unnoticed, and might have got away, but they waited for their mate, who was ironed. A constable saw him and gave the alarm, which resulted in all three being taken. In the bush about here one comes across queer-looking pits some- thing like graves, that were dug by the con- victs for kangaroo traps. They used to cover them lightly over with grass and twigs, so that the unsuspecting beast hopped in and there remained as the hole was too deep and narrow for him to " raise a lep." These traps were winked at by the constables, who bought the skins for tobacco and sold them at a decided profit. In order to avert sus- picion a prisoner was occasionally detected and flogged. 