THE REVISION OF THE AP08TLE8 OREED. EEPLY TO A NONCONFORMIST MINISTER. ' . -Bt Thh iRbv. John F. Sratrran. aho charaoterietio of "A Nonconformist Minister's" article on tho rovliiiott of the Creed is certainly nut modnst hesitation. " Change is required," "omissions -nro ncceosnry." Wo louk for somo bistorical examination, for some sketch of itho rensnns of the introduction of i these clausns. Wo find none. Wo have to bo Htttisfied'wlth tlio delightful vaguonewsof the demands of tlio modern Timo Spirit. Of courso, whan a writer lays down tins reason tor re vision, "that Bomo 'beliovors' hnvo little opinions of their own, which these sentences mn up against m a most unpleasantly, decided manner," one fools one cannot atmio with him. Wo'look forwnrd-with interest to "A Noncnn- formist Minister's" revision of tiio ten com- tunndinonto, feeling certain that the Bamo canon will got rid of tho 7th and 8tb of thoso obnoxious sontences, nnd perhaps of a fow My object In writing is merely to show that the words which:hn prints iu italics nro nob in different, but have each their Hpeoinl forco; so tlmt, though a man ignorant of technical theo logy might Bupposo thn ApoHtos Creed and "A Nonconformist Minister's" creed wero identical, an expert would toll him tlioy woro quito different. The word " Almighty" is .necossary as a pretest nganist Dualism. It docs not exclude Helf-liniitation. but it does exclude any limita- lion upon tlio poworof God, oxcopt that set itipotvit by His own perfect will. "Makor of heavon and earth." It may bo, as the writer suggests, that muny good|xopie be- liovo in tho etormty of matter. But then, many good ponplo are very iguorant of pbd- 0Miphy,-and it was to-savo thorn running into this mistake that tlio words woro insorted. Dr Dornor says, " Where creation Is ignored or wrongly defined, religion is most profoundly modified." A correct definition is there fore in Its right plueo in a Orood. II tho writer Intends to suggest that thn trond of modern thought is in tho direction of Dualism, or of a belief in the otcrnity of matter, 1 believe ho is quite wrong. I heard a great orator onco say, "Modern thought Icavos it possible, nay, ueceasury, to believe in ono God, but unpoonble to bohevo in inuro than ono." Words, thon, which savu us from turning into a well-woru track, which has boon proved a cul dc-tctc by numbers of thinkers, can hardly bo more surplusago, Again, tho. writer might havo pointed out that tho word "only " In equivalent to our word "nniquo," and is valuable as sharply dis tinguishing tiio Soiiuiiip of tho Lord Jesus Christ, ilwjlliut u myenitua from tliosonshipof Christians. It is by no umans thu ludifforunt, word tho writer seems to comuder ib. "Conceived by the Holy Ghost, born ot tho Virgin Mnry." Suppose thoso words woro re moved, would it mako no difference to tho Cruod ? Tlio whole Orecd falls into fragments. -The Ohurch has never varied in its Btatemonb of this truth. Tho creed of Nicmn, a.n. 826, (inserts it. I Iuivo before mo Canon Wcitcott's buolcontlio "Historic Faith, "and hoprintssidu by side tlireo versions of the Apoatlo's Creed- a Greek one, A.D. 837, and two Latin ones, A.D. 390 and a.d. 750, nnd tliny all assert tho fact. It is nob without painful -anxiety that a Christian can ajK-nk on such a delicate and mysterious subject, but it is a matter of vital importance lor tlio Church to hold that tho Lord Jesus Olirist, Who was born of a woman' that He might take upon Hmmclf our human nature, was not begotten by the ordinary processes of human generation, but by tlio miraculous power which resides in God tho Holy Spirit, tho Source of all lifo In the unl- " Descended into hell." Of courso the -word " HoU" might, very well bo changed to"Hados'' as it has baen in certain cases in tho Revisod Version of tho Iloly Scriptures. The deriva lion of tho word la quito enough to oxcuso tho translators of 1GU for what now, owing ton chango of meaning, seems a gravo fault. But it'is quite open to dobato whether revision of ancient documents is wUor than Exposition. Language changes in forco with groat rapidity, and one revision on tho ground of change of meaning of a word nmy neccjwitats a series of revisions, wbilo n moment's thought nnd ft comparison of the clause with tho Bible will enable us to inako tbo neces sary mental correction. Tlio olauso is generally anaailed us of Into date,. but Canon Wustcott, though omitting it from the Latin Creed of Rufinus, states in a noto thntRufinus gives It oa nn nriiclo of tho Creed of Aquiloin in tho Fourth Century. It is a vory natural completion, stating tlio truths sot forth In 8. Luke xxiii, 43 and 1, Pet. lii, 18-20. I ouppoeo there ftro few things harder to realise than this, "How can personality bo preserved in a disembodied state ? " Tho truth of tho descent into Hnden asserts of the Pattern Man that Ho did not lose .iiia idontity when by His death His soul wan separated from tho body. And if so, wo may behove neither shall we. Thoro arc other important lessons enfolded in tho olauso, but Chio ono alono makes it well worth keeping. With all tho differences of interpretation of tho clauso "The Communion of Saints," the poorest: conceivable .interpretation has deop . moaning and comfort. And if wo put together such pannages of Scripture as tho following:— "Inasmuch ax yo did it unto one of tho JeaBt of theso my brethren, yo did it unto mo S. Matt, xxv.,40 ; "Saul, Saul, why norsecutest thou mo?" — Aots ix., 4. " And hath put all things uudor His feot, and gave Him to bo tho head over all things to tho church, whloh is hfs body, tho fulness of Him that filloth alt in all,"— Eph. 1., 22, 23 j the 17th chanter of St. John's' Gospel -and 1. Oor, xii., I think tho -conclusion wo shall como to will bo that tho clause is ono whioh calls for a wider interpretation and a -deeper' belief, not for rejootion. In t.iis papsr I havo not attempted to enter into tho truth uf -tho. .statements of tho Creed. That has :boon often dono. I-onty -wished to show that tho clauso alluded to -by your correspondent aro uot more ciphers .which can bo rubbedoff tho slato without making any difference to tho When you bavo got .rid .of them, you havo a Creed whioh looks well ouougli, it is truo, There aro still " sonio sentenced in it" which under concolvnblo circumstanoea might ".run up against people's littlo opinions, " .and. a fresh revision might bo necessary to gob rid of them. But it Is uot tho Creed of tho Christian Cimroli. And those who would bo satisflnd. .with ft would probably find, on careful thought, that thoy. had drifted so far from historic Christianity that' it would bo -simple:; and more honost to spongo It all out. Or, batter,- tho artiolo .may prompt- -your readora to study. tho subject, and learn why. os oh of -thoso clauses .was considered necessary, nhd then tlio misunderstanding. and confusion of .thought which your correspondent shows lioat tho root of tho difficulties -would 'dis appear, and with them, tho objeotions. ' Bt, .Marks, Fitzruy, 