I Cit ê>pïmq? áHornintr gratti. I SATURDAY, JULY 21, 1883. jT ¡j stated that Bishop Stubbs aaa boon translated jfHB Cheater to tho Seo of Orford, and that Bishop Bjny will succeed him. UTE Secretory of State Bays that aa tho conditions o£ ia despatch on tho subject of responsible government tai Westra Australia wore not accepted, it wa» impos- ait for bim to nam o a dato for introducing the bill Xena bas been given in tho Honso of Commons fe tho rejection of the bill to appoint a commission of iiQwy iato the charges made bj tho Times against jfe Parnell. PiBixnso is proceeding with tho Chioeso Govern ~ai for a settlement of tho Chinese difficulty in Aoitrslia. TM British fleets did not participate in the celebra túoi st Plymouth in conneotion with tba toreen tary rf tis defeat of tho Spanish Armnâa owing to the oaoturres at Spithead having commenced. Tn Trustées' Liability Bill, which «cabios trust fud* to he invested in colonial infcribcd stocks, has tan read thc second time in the House of Commons. Tai Imperial Government has received information {na Zululand that tho situation in tho disturbed terri- tory ii improving. Tlx intelligence that tho Emperor William intends to pcpoe a general disarmament of the European Jami bis caused much excitement in France. Tax CWT of Kessia and tho Emperor William IL ?wi jaterdiy on board tho Czar's yacht Alexandra, -rhu tarif Majesties kissed each other. A grand rocop &a; followed ot the Imperial Palace ¿ xxrrcto has bean arranged between Prince Bia- sed, Cont Kalnoky, and Signor Crispí at Carlsbad Al is mi of August 7Ban cat by tho R.M.S. Orizaba has boen sold Ia Ea|Usd at 4<L per lb. .a prmmrp at the rato of 10 per cent, has I Ma: CKlired by tho English, Scottish, and Australian í,1rííT{dBank. Tas man-of-war ships Mohican and Adams, of tho T J. S urr, aro daily expected from tba Tongan Islands t D rouie for Melbourne. Eil. SHIPS Nelson, Calliope, Diamond, Kapid, and ' Uurd Itavs to-day for Melbourne. Tn Legislative Assembly rose shortly after 12 i l't&k; this morning, after sitting during Thursday i-gbt and all day on Friday. It has boen definitely i lwtíni to prorogue Parliament on Toeaday, CFO* the rising of tho Legislative Assembly after lb long titting this morning. Mr. O'M ara recognised 1it ptn'itnce and assiduity of the Colonial Treasurer i ml tie admirable tora por he had shown, and Mr. Mel inlli jiu congratulated him upon the battle "he had 1 begat TLui House adjourned until Monday next AT tbs mMting of tho Commercial Bonking Cora [rny, the cashman said it was extremal y hard that tho 'fermaient should try to tax tho life blood of the tube« of tba country, and ho hoped that direct tax ib'oo, lair in ita incidence, would be introduced. Tn extension of tho Illawarra railway, from Clifton toSflrti Clifton, Trill be opened for traffic os Monday. lin« ù only a lfew miles in length, but it will prove ^pat convenience to passengers between Clifton and Tis Minister for * Works has undertaken to give con- fution to a "request by a deputation from the Ger ipwg Sloncipal Council that he will allow them a ?ttt ia aid of forming a deviation from, tho local main sai A ammo of the Tramway Association was held Ptaday, at which tho conductors passed a resolution Ittúg that they would assist tho Commissioner of ^ways in an investigalio n of the frauds with a view bpmiiVng tho perpetrator^ and clearing tho character & Ibe employees os a body. Tar tramway conductora claim that their experience ?Uiaownibst the mechanism of many of tho bells wi by them is imperfect, . and that tho results "ptered cannot a'ways bo- relievl upon. Itu alleged byan cx-tramwa-y conductor that tho ¡*d*Ii ia connection with the cofi ection of tickets on IJtnarways originated in a practifl.il joke; and it is «» stated that tho amount of tho iranda has been tTBitatei Mi SCTITERLIND- has promised "i'n some way or «o" to endeavour to abato the sowiigo nuisance at &#? River. Tax Minister of Mines addressed a m&oting; st Mud peon Thursday night, dealing principally with tho r*boai of free trade and protection. Ho wi« accorded ' jood reception. Tn Minuter of Mines says that what they farmers «tau country want is not protection, but a JJ" o' railway rates which will allow thom to *"^r their produce to market, and he was in a pot-ition »WI them that thia was what they would get ÏÏ. Sern ZULACO has promised to consider tho request ? » Bomber of residents of Glenfield for alterations in "¡a«t:oa with tho railway station thora. To taxation proposais in Tasmania woro proceeded lut night, when the second reading of the bill ^carried by 10 votes to ll. ]n?*/Mmi" oí Now Ze*1311* stated that tho ?uland Ballway contract is not yot 8ig.nod. * ««xterjioa of his terra of office as Agent-General <*>t* Zealand has been accepted by Sir F. Dillon oíiI*30 '-^K land dispute, between, two sections «sHgsptihi tribe. Now Zoaland, hos culminated in »open battle, A.f&'at-Gweral of Victoria lias been asked hy EsÜt 10 hi* 'nflaonco to get IUar-Admiral J_tfliBauthority for ooscrting that xnombeiB ^laÜve Aisombly of Victoria can be bribed. jA^"" of ladies has asked the. Premier of to amend tho licensing laws ? of tho fa-i1?," to K"atly diminish tho present faailític* ^Waining drink. a**?1?'? ^P010*1 tàtfo °* Jamies, -Las carried a ¿¡2 J aartaido claiming that women should bo TsVvi Pn?ile80 oi tbo franchise, io«Li n,n SaPIonso Court has directed thai »H ' j^Wwnnoctad with tito local opüon poll afc ^.^bspwdnced, Walloa of Western Australia lu tho quarter ended June last waa 41,941, or 175 lass thoa the pro ceding quarter. ' ' * JIAJOR DANE la*t ní?ht gave-a lecture on America, in which ho deecriUdhor AS " the marvot o£ tho ago," and dealt willi tho subject territorially, climatically, j educationally, politically, and socially. I AT the annual stud sheep sales in connection with the Pastoral and Agricultural Society's show at Denili- quin, a fair numhor of animals were submitted, and good prices realised.- . . YVrrn rognrd to tito "henring difficulty in tho wost, nows has hoon received that eevcral stations have agreed to accept tho union tenus. I AT a meeting of tho Goulburn branch of tho Land i Nationalisation Association, a report was read which showed that there woro 85 m em bora on tho roll AT tho half-yearly mooting of tho New South Wales Bosh Missionary Society last night, it was statod that tho financial position of tho society wos anything but satisfactory ; it was in a worso position now than it hod boen boforo, and there .was a Tory largo overdraft st tho bank. A FBENCII rofugeo at New Zealand has been handed to tho French Consul. Tar. wifo of a publican named ' Kolly, at Melbourne whilst ploying with some sheepshonw, infliotcd n wound upon her husband from which ho bled to A FAT AL mining accident is reported from Victoria by which a man named Bono was killed. A MAN named Heid, arrested at Wanaaring on a charge of murdering his wifo, is supposed to bo mad. A nw: occuriod at Waterloo yesterday aftornoon, by which 60 Chinamen woro rondorod homeless. Forty five tcnomonls wero destroyed, but no lives wera lost. A FIBS occurred at Eugowra Vineyard, and Mr. Itobortson, the ownor, his wife, and children barely escaped with their lives. AT Ivanhoo tho body of a ohild has boen oxhumed by tho police, and a man has been toten into custody upon a ch argo of having smothered it In Bpito of many difficulties, and after most vexatious délaya, the business of the session is practically over. Tho Assembly sat from half-past throe o/i Thursday afternoon until past midnight on Friday. During a great part of the sitting little or no progress was made, the discussion on tho Estimates not having closed until a late hour last night. Subsequently, however, tho Appropriation Bill and two Loan Billa were introduced and, read a Brat time, and a considerable amount of private business was disposed of. These protracted sittingB would do credit to the House if the time were all well spent in legitimate discussion and in earnest endea- vours to deal satisfactorily with tho public business. But experience has shown that continuous sittings are rarely if ever spent in that praiseworthy manner. It is too well known that, os a rule, thoy are caused by attempts to obstruct business, in- stead of to despatch it. The sitting which has just closed was no exception to that rule. For the real businoss that was done, and for the bonû fide discussion which took place, half tho time would have been amply sufficient, and we cannot doubt that it would have been found sufficient if hon. members had been actuated by a Bimple regard for the public interest, and had been unin- fluenced by considerations of another character. No effort wos made by the Government to put a stringent check upon the waste of time. It may bo doubted whether, with the rules now in force, such an effort would have been successful. On tho contrary, if might have pro- voked a more effective resistance to pro- gress by xneana of amendments on separate items in the Estimates, and a more or less prolonged debate upon each. Besides that, it may be doubted whether tho application of greater pressure to force tho Estimates through would have been justifiable under the ciroumBtances. At any rate, it would not have come with a good grace. It is not our intention to offer any excuBo for wilful obstruction ; but few things axe more i objectionable, or inure directly at variance with the true spirit of Parliamentary Govern- . mont, than the practico of submitting Estimates for heavy expenditure, especially of loan money, under conditions of haste and pressure. It is true that every hour of time which is wasted in obstructive talk, when time is limited, is a deduction from the time available for legitimate debate ; but on the other hand, under a well-ordered system of government, the consideration of the Esti- mates should always be taken under circumstances that would leave a mar- gin for contingencies. We havo no sym- pathy with the obstructionists, but wo cannot overlook the fact that Ministerial mis- management was one of tho causes of the difficulty with which tho House has been struggling during tho last day or two. It would be unfair to say that the time has been wholly wasted. A certain propor- tion of it waB spent in discussion fairly arising out of the peculiar circumstances under which these Estimates have been passed. Wo ore initiating under the Public Works Act a new method of procedure in connection with tho execution of public works ; and consider- ing tho many distractions by which tho minda of Ministers and members have been dis- turbed for some time past, it is not perhaps surprising that the exact nature of the changes introduced by the new law hos not at once been clearly perceived. It is not altogether a new thing in our history to pass an Act in haste and discover its meaning at leisure. Many years wer© passed ic revealing tho mysteries concealed beneath the Buxfuce of the Land Law of 3801. In the caso of the Public "Works Act, tho test of experience has been applied more q nicki y. It is clear that Ministers themselves were not aware until nearly tho last moment that the provisions of that Aot woul d prevent them irom formally submitting nny portion of their proposed railway policy this session. There must be a report from the Railway Commis- sioners upon every lino that is laid before tho House, with a view to its being referred to the Joint Committee. As soon aa this waa obsorvod, it had to be admitted that no reference) motion could be brought forward this Bession. But there is still one " difficulty in this matter which has not been cleared up. "Will tho Railway Commissioners report upon any proposed linc without making some sort of a Burvey of it, and, if not, aro they legally authorised to I undertake such work P Wo refor to thia matter as showing that there was somo ground for the discussion yoeterdoy upon another point in connection with tho Public Works Act. It was contended at considerable length that tho Government had no right to submit a loon estímate for any public work that would cost more than £20,000 unless tho project had been first examined and recom- mended by the Joint Committee. In .support of this view, it was pointod out that otherwise a loan vote might be passed, ond tho money might be borrowed, and tho project might afterwards he condemned ^ hy the committee and rejected " by | tho House. Wo do not think it can be ! denied that this awkward and anomalous j result might follow. For that reason, thore I fore, tho objection cannot bo regarded as frivolous. But tho question is whether thero I ls anything in the law to prevent the submis- i sion of a loan oatimate for a project which | has not been examined hy the joint com-! nuttee. We cannot see anything of tho1 kind. The law provides simply that the action of the. committeo nhall intervene boforo tho execution of any project is com- menced. Tho committee is created for tho purpose of providing an additional safeguard against improvident and wasteful expendi- ture. Thero is a certain analogy, though im- perfect, between the procedura under tho new Áct in tho coso of tho larger public workB of all kinds and that which hus been followed for years in the case of railways under the old Rail- ways Act. In the lostnamed coseloan estimates were submitted and loan bills were passed by Parliament, but not a sod could be turned unless the plans and books of reference had boen adopted in both Houses. Thus under thc old law it was as possiblo as under tho new. ono to borrow money for a railway, tho conBtruotion of which might afterwards bo disallowed. Tho disposal of the Lorin Estimates, was facilitated by tho prudent withdrawal of tho item of £201,000 towards tho extermination of tho rabbit pest. This item should never have been included amongst tho Loan Esti- mates. The expenditure, it is true, is of an extraordinary character, but it is not of such a character as to juBtify.the Government in making, it a port of tho more permanent debt of the colony. Thero hoB been BO much talk about a tho doti cit," and BO much of accusation and recrimination as to tho responsibility for its creation, that there Boems to bo a danger of blurring the sharp line of distinction between tho oxccBB of current expenditure over current revenue and the permanent debt of the country. We go into the English money market with confidence, assuring the ' investor that tho money will be expended on substantial and reproductivo public works. It would endanger tho credit of tho colony to interpolate amongst such undertakings as these a loan for the extermination of rabbits. The expendituro is extraordinary ; but under healthy conditions of finance it could only be regarded as an unusual enlargement of the ordinary current outlay of the Government, to bo met by the ordinary process of taxation. Wo might QB well havo gone into the market for a loan to cover tho expense involved by tho last serious outbreak of smallpox. With tho consent of the House, the PHEHLEB interrupted the dealing with the Estimates yes- terday for the purpose of procuring an informal expression of opinion upon a matter of con- siderable interest. The prolonged illness of the CHAIRMAN of COMMITTEES rendered it neces- sary some time ago that Bpecial arrange- ments should be made for tho di£ charge of his duties during his absence from the HouBe. It has been a pleasing discovery, if not an agreeablo surpriso, that BO many ; gentlemen were found ready to occupy tho chair in committee with credit, and wo may add (without drawing invidious distinctions), in the caao of Mr. MJJLYIIXE, with marked courage and efficiency under peculiarly trying Conditions. The PBUMTKW suggested that tho House should show ita appreciation of their serviceB by a complimentary grant. Tho suggestion was cordially received on both sides of the House, and the public will, wo bclievo, be glad to see it carried into effect. We hear a great deal from time, to time regarding sectarianism and the antagonism of organisations which aro of a partly religious, partly social, and in its broadest sense partly political character, Several letters havo appeared in our columns within tho last few days bearing upon the subject. From one of them it may be gathered that any outward tokon of adherence to a sectarian society is an offence and a matter deserving of severe censure. A student happened to appear in the vicinity of the University on the 12th of July with a broad purple sash upon him, and in the act was seen a menace1 to peace and quiet living. It turned out that this broad purple sash is tho distinctive badge of tho medical student, and its only significance is to show that the wearer is a " saw-bones," and is moro ongaged in meditation upon the medulla oblongata than upon Greek roots and tho differential calculus. There arc good people in tho world who aro always seeing ghosts behind, tho hedges, and who, like some nervous horses, are given to shying os they travel along the varying highway of life. Thero aro those who, holding Eoioe sectarian view, will not sleep in peace so long as they know that some one oleo does not hold it, and who vox themselves into bitterness because there hap- pens to be any other bias of mind than their own. They continue to make things mode- rately unpleasant for those who have the had taste and poor judgment to differ from them, and thoy make enemies of fellow-creatures whose ideas have not been run through their moulds. But then, again, there are those who, being of no sect or party, Bee, in such organi- sations as those of which wo havo been speak- ing, danger to tho well-being of the State, and tho perpetuation of ovil conditions. To do away with these societies iß the remedy they find, and to havo us. all join in a common religion and social economy, and settle into a generally satisfactory condition of having no opinions that would' bo inconveniently defi- nite. The cause of a great deal of tho intolerance that prevails is mental vanity. There aro many people who waked up in this world in tho full belief that only opportunity was needed to make thom fit to do tho thinking for the universe and to sh apo the course of all men's thoughts aright. They have received an education in a certain groove, and certain ideas . have grown with them till full-statured in wisdom, ns they think, they cannot tolerate tho assumption of those who, from their training and mental ! habit, think differently from them. Thoy no doubt feel that their position ia ono which is for tho ultimate good of their fellows, and BO they claim tho right lo deny to othera what they claim as thoir own high privilege. That .liberty of speech and action, which to deny to them would be an infringement of their prerogative of man- hood, they cannot seo .they are depriving others of when they demand that things shall not bo done which aro offensive to them. So many people are helpless in the ma tl or of their belief and practice that, to condemn, them and to try to shut them out from the exercise ' of their opinions is one of the ? -worst kinda- . of -tyranny. . Here- dity, eaTly training, life's associations, educa- tion, sets ot circumstances all have their contracting influence upon mon's thoughts and.convictions. When, therefore, men array themselves against each other, as if with un- buttoned swords, because their social, politi- cal, or'religious practices are different, they only make rougher still the space that lies between thom. Unless things are done by societies, which are ia themselves naturally offensive, and which also, in themselves tend to disturb public order, there enema no valid roason for their suppression. If A has his chanco to flourish a wooden aword and symbol IBO his opinions, why ph o ul d ho seek to prevent B also from sticking n feather in his hat, or from dressing himself liko a Kaláthumpian ? WhBn tho exercise of one's opinions becomes a public. nuisance-whon.it tends to annoy the public generally-it ia then that there should bo a quietus given to their too vigorous expression. Thc man who, being a tcototuler, is not content till bo has« impeached his fellow-citizen who takes wino for dinner, and haB sought to convert him by a system of terrorism, aiid, having'failed in this, con- signs him to the place» of Mephistopholian torture j or who, being a happy revivalist, insists on banting his drum just under tho window of a sick man.whom ho desires to savo, has carried his sectarianism to a point where it wants cooling. Ordinarily, ho%v evor, tho differences' of sectarianism ought in themselves to' produce no evil effects. It is the gregarious instincts of humanity that malt o sectarianism. ' In the ' different areas of thought mon drift aa aro their pre- conceived ideas, or their natural predilection, and, lileo animals, they Beek tho covert that suits their instincts heat.. Why, then, grieve that tho world is not made up of men with ono social, political, or religious belief? Sec- tarianism ia not an undesirable thing, and it certainly is natural. Thc danger to tho world docs no£ lio in that direction, but in the line of in difieren tîsm. Sectarianism gives inten- sity to conviction and action, and moro good is accomplished in the world by accentuated efforts springing from it than from tho no creed theories of those who would have all the world given' over to a freo and easy mutual-admiration kind of belief. Sectari- anism certainly tends toward defmitneas of thought nnd purpose in action. The cosmo- politan spirit which ia growing BO fast in this careless age, valuable as it ia in many respecta, does not make for directness in any line' of 'thought 'The world hos much to fear from flabbiness of thought and. sentiment îu the nineteenth century. There is really nothing very serious | to fear from sectarianism. It is a different thing from what it was in MARV'S or C&oirwsLi;/s time) and it is never likely again to oxist under the conditions of tho fifteenth and sixteenth centuries. Then it was a conflict between new ideas and old ; now it is »ot conflict, but variation. Then tho world was convulsed with the effect of religious upheavals upon political institutions, now political institutions aro ' only affected incidentally by syBtcms of religion. Oar ago is not sufforing from differences of opinion in religion or social or political thought but from a pessimistic spirit, which as the Duke of AHOYJX said a short time ago, " is slowly jindormining'the elementa of ambition, chock- ing achievement, and filling the world with ennui." We can well afford to look with no unkind eye upon differences of opinion and ! even upon prejudice, because providing mutual courtesy is oxtended, the rivalry of thought and action in the world is the EB lt that leavens the lump. The fracas between a gong of roughs and tho police at Newcastle the other day, an account of which appeared in these columns about the same time with a report of a Bim Uar occurrence at Williamstown, in Vic- toria, reopens the question of the larrikinism that seems to run riot in tho larger Aus- tralian cities just now. This morning we publish some observations on the samo subject from an English point of view, in which the references to ourselves are any- thing but complimentary. Our extract draws an unfavourable contrast between the American development and that of tho Australian as well as somo northern English towns, and the fact is romarked that tho nuisance with us has grown so unmanageable that " tho disorderliness verging on crime, but seldom quite cross- ing tho line, is apparently tolerated as incur- able." Thc writer of the extract in quostion has evidently been a shrewd observer of the peculiar manners and CUB toms of that typo of the class that has fallen under his own eye, and it will bs ssen from the few deft touches of description in which ho indulges, that be- tween tho English and the Australian types there exist several strong notes of resemblance. The evil ts becoming a crying ono in moro than one quarter, therefore, and tho im- portant social question it covers is, rapidly forcing itself on the attention of those who make theso mattera their study. It would be pleasant to bo able to say that the picture the Spectator dratrs of Australian larrikinism has been over-coloured, but-truth forbids such a blinking of factB.as that. The evil haB attained such proportions that .we aro more concerned in devising a remedy than in denying ita existence. Every holiday is a witness against UB, and of the existence of larrikinism tho streets of most Australian cities after nightfall tell their own talc. The rough horse-play and uncouth noises, and all the outward manifestations of what we abstractly call' "larrikinism" are sufficiently familiar to rendor any description unneces- sary. We have so far familiarised our- selves with its pTOBence, indeed, that we may bo almost Baid to havo really reached that state of toleration for which our not unfriendly oritic gives us credit It is only when we seo ourselves photographed, os it were, in tho columns of on English 'papor, that we fairly begin to realise what a hideous social abortion we are nursing ; for this larri- kinism of oura really does embody ono of our social failures. It means tho wasted and mis- directed energies, of gan ge? of young men and women who troop, about in herds like jackals, gathering courage from their numbers, sym- pathising with and odmiriDg crime, and in their moro advanced ctsgeB recruiting tho criminal classes; or in their novitiatory degree infesting street corners and placo a of public resort to tho nnnoyanco and oven terror of quiet people, and always rendy to break out ii. to ono or other of those uncontrollable ebullitions of .undisciplined animal spirits which now and then fill tho pupers with re- ports of larrikin CX'ICBSCB. Thu lino which divides lairiklnism from lawlessness is such a very fino ono that no groat effort is requited . to overpass it. And there is, besides, that ever present sense of antagonism between the larrikin arid tho police that our.extract p in's out, which always seems', to dangle tempta- tion in the faces of tho members of this class, and urges them in so many miscrablo in- stances into tho commission of crime. Strongly as wo may 'feel called upon to Condomn'this featuro of all our Australian ci tic, however, the reasons for tho existo nee of this kind of thing must not be lost sight, of. Young men and youths of eighteen or nineteen years of ago can scarcely bo. said to organise th ern Bel vos into larrikin gangs of malice prepense. Australian boy-nature is not so hopelessly ghoulish as to delight in tho commission of acta of absoluto larrikin ism os Boon as it is sufficiently well grown to assert itself. To argue in thiß way would bo to suppose an entirely .ab- normal state of things. Very few people really bolievo that young mon and boys form themselves into jackal gangs for tho avowed and deliberate purpose of protecting each other in their indulgence in those " fiendish joys " which aro said to form tho larrikin's peculiar delight Bui, unfortunately, people tako tho facts.as they find them, und exhaust themselves in expressions of horror at larrikin developments,' without taking the trouble to enquire into tho causes from which tho larrikin ism itself may come. This is not'the , spirit in which a serious social question should ' bo approached. To tho candid enquirer it will be quito apparent that tho ugly word so often quoted is merely tho accepted nome for . a natural force which ' may be well or ill directed, or allowed to run to waste, according to circumstances. It is tho misdirected energy of growing youth that we call larri kinism, and it is ono of our. own social blunders it that energy is allowed to remain misdirected. That awkward period that lies between eighteen and twenty-three years of ago is most prolific in larrikin ism, be eau BO it is at that time that the superabundant animal activity seeks most. imperiously to assert itself, and if the means oro not given it to do so in ono direction, it is only natural that these physical forces will follow the line of thc least resistance, and seek to assert themselves There are varions ways of controlling this natural tendency, and one method is indicated in tho extract referred to. Statistics toll us that tho criminal . classes gather in about 60 per cent, of their recruits before twenty-five years, of age, and this fact points out tho spot where a remedy is to be applied. If a healthy and legitimate outlet could ho afforded for these youthful energies at about thia critical.period, and if their exorcise could at the sumo time be controlled by an effective . and. judicious discipline, steady habits of self- control and - punctuality and " reasonable service " might bo acquired in a suffi clent ? dè greo to give tho subject intelligent command over, himself and to, endow him with that sense of. moral responsibility tho absence of which produces . larrikin ism. This want is supplied in many European co un trios. Growing youths are seized, in what the Spectator calls " tho iron grip of conscrip- tion" just before they have time to join tho idle classes. Before their term of service' hos expired they have been disciplined into steady and safe members of the social body, ? and their exuberant energies have in the mean- time worked themselves off in usoful military exercises. Thia three years' drill is what has ra ado of tho Germans tho solid and law abiding raco we find them. The conscription system has its disadvantages, of course ; and no ono would care to advocate its adop- tion in English-speaking communities. But tho system of Volunteer service puts all its benefits within eaey reach without any of tho forced interference with individual liberty that the victims of conscription complain of. All the advantages of useful discipline, and the opportunities for the exercise of that straining youthful enerpy, may just as easily be achieved by means of tho voluntary system, and at the same time a good work might be done by placing .the available defence forces of tho colonies on a surer footing. But whether the brake bo applied by a modified system of military eervico or not, it is quito clear that Australian larrikinism has attained abnormal proportions, and that so long as our young men und women work for eight hours and .rest for sixteen they will continuo to have an amount of timo on their hands which it should be the aim of our social leaders to seo profitably employed. It is idle to con- demn the ovil whilo tho cause is loft un- touched. 