Revenge. I ii îve served in the French army (as .-.ui-jl-i.i) a ad sairebleu ! 1 never yet suf- •eiv I a i liuuit fruiu mortal liring to pass una. ci:.'.il. livras ia the Tyrol last year. While waiidering mro-igh that picturesque country. I frequently encountered two ladies—one eldi.riy, the other a widow— charming, petite, spirituelle—Adrienne ! At iast we found ourselves quartered at the same hotel, and I rapidly succumbed to the fa r widow's charms—she was so sympatheiic, so vivacious, yet with all that .savoir faire of experience which an elderly oacheior knows how to appreciate. Her figure — how delicious its lines! What masses of magnificent tresses 1 What perfect rows of ivory her coral-lipped smile siermiUed us to see I What healthful bloom i.ne ex rcise and mountain air had lent to lier cheek ! Yes, I would propose that evening. Tha night I went up to dresa for dinner —an important business with me, and one requiring time. I had arranged in the morning with the maître d?hotel to change ruv room for one with a more southerly aspect ; but when 1 had climbed to the first il jor (no light exercise !) where my new apartment was located, 1 found I could not recollect the number. A little reflection, iiowtjver, made me decide it was No. 18, but, :o make certain, 1 listened for a moment at the door—all was still within—turned the handle softly and entered. Nom de Dieu ! who was this l Asleep, on a fauteuil, lay the ghost of Adrienne 1 Adrienne ? Yes I but Adrienne disfigured. Haggard, nearly bald, with her cheeks falling in on the toothless gums, the outlines of her figure (she had laid aside her dress) showing scraggy and angular through her deshabille 1 A lay-figure waiting to be transformed by he maid into my Adrienne—waiting to be made into my decoy—but I would be re venged ! Not stopping to hunt up my room now, I descended hastily to the parlor, where I found most of the guests .waiting for the dinner-gong. I caught a glauce of astonishment at my own undress uniform, and a thought struck me—:I smiled. The house happened to be full, just then, of à very fashionable company, the ladies vied with one another in the magnificence of their toilets, and I knew there was a! certain countess who was especially Adrienne's rival in this respect. Ah 1 I would shame her before them all ; 1 would give her a lesson under her rival's eyes—she should learn not to trifle with honest affection— Mon Dieu ! yes 1 I am a mesmerist. ; My will is iron. I sat dowii apart, and turning my eyes from those present, put all my will force into action. One—two—three—four minutes, aud there was a footstep outside the door— the handle was gently turned and Adrienne appeared—yes 1 precisely as I had seen her before ! The whole roomfull. of . listless guests rose as if simultaneously galvanised —the ladies shrieked " A ghost "—but, Adrienne advanced quietly toward me in her magnetic trance. Under cover of offering her a chair, I made the releasing passea with my hand—she awoke—gave one glance round at the staring company and the scornful eyes of her rival, another at her figure reflected in the mirror opposite, and, with a arild scream, sank—a fainting heap—on the lîoor ! 1 was revenged 11 J That same night I thought I heard some one moving about my room, and found, the following morning, my glass eye, my cork leg, my wig and my new patent springfitting set of teeth had been stolen from my room, As my yalet was in Paris I had to publis'i my loss before I could move out of bed. Adrienne h'd 1> ft tbe house that night, 1 but not without retalia.ing. Base^ vile—bass-viol. A revolutionist—An acrobat. Pastoral intelligence—Church news. " Dupes and their prey " is the Age't sideheading to a par. about an old dead-beat who got at a man for nineteen pounds. The colonial politicians who are to receive knighthood from the Queen will thereafter have to be distinguished as rank impostoss. We read that on account of floods in one part of New South Wales cane cutting has been suspended. This should be interesting to school-boys. j Joh Bradl all old Crimean campaigner, j wa£ bumt ^ ^ housei near KyneUt the other day. Poor fellow ;iike a true soldier, he died under fire. ! The latest session of N.S.W. Parliament ; died game- " There's no doubt, Mr. Speaker, ! but thatiClarke's in the swindle up to his neck," were the last words heard as the k ; adjourned, J . | " • rile neighbors of Mr. will be in- : teres ted to hear that he has changed his ! residence," says a local paper. Now is ' uot tllat rather rough on Mr.—— ? We • would be interested to hear that a certain \- neighbor of outs had. shifted his family to . another suburb ; it "would save us the trouble of carrying in our firewood and locking up our hens of nights, i. The meanest man has just cropped up at Billarat ; his wi e pulled him formaintainance, and, amongst other charges, accused him orbullying her because she ate between meals.* We expect Bhe had been eating seedcake in bed. We have a treasure of a wife ; she does her household work, her own washing, splits the wood, and attends to a garden, on one meal a day, but the meal lasts all day. 