JASPER DEANE : WOOD-CARVER OF ST. PAUL'S. A TALE. By John Saunders, Aothor of ' Israel Mokt, Overman;' 'Hireu.;' 'Abel Drake's Wife :' etc. : Chaptf-r II. —Master and Apprentice. Before a house and shop wnicn naa once been a mauorhouse, in the main street of Charls bury (which was also the high road through it), «Vi»r*» urprp n#»arlv?it nil times some wai?£oas or carts standing, as having been-^or about to be— repaired. This blocking of the narrow way caused many a violent quarrel. Neigh bours got used ' to the inconvenience ; but strangers from distant parts, driving their loaded wains past, would shout and swear till they were hoarse at the owner of the' shop ; who took care to keep in the background, but whose name they saw on the heavy sign- above, and made unpleasant use of so that he might hear. ' Godfrey Trimmer, Carpenter and Wheel wright,' such was the inscription on the sign. Ana looking into the shop on the morning of a day in the third quarter of the seventeenth Cintury, when this narrative begins, a spectator wiiaiil liave seen an odd mixture of things be lon-jtog to 1- )ih trades. Cartwheels, iron- axles, carriage-poles, and tail-baards were visible in all sorts of positions, among unfinished pieces of cirp-ntry, such as the ornamental exterior frjme- work of houses, quaint window casements and timber of all shapes and dimensions, roughly prepared for rural and domestic purposes. Adzes a^ other tools used in both vocations were also interspersed confusedly about or hung on the walls. As a kind of finish to the whole, there was suspended midway over the devious route Iroan the front to the back of the shop, the rounied roof or canopy of some vehicle, under which it was necessary to duck the head in me passage through. Most customers were content to stop just within the threshold ; where, as they gazed on tlis picturesque chaos, they could hear th= wheeze and puff of the smith's bellows, the musical fall of the hammers in quick succession, and see the golden sparks abaut in the dark shed at tUe rear of the bouse. Ascending to the story above, the cause of rnach of the confusion below became apparent. The cirpentry portion of establishment was there, but the ordinary materials and tools had been moved 10 the erouud floor many weeks ago, to make room for a couple of bulky in truders, who would be content wilb'nothing less than the West place, that is to say, near the broad muliioned windows which opened directly on the street. These . intruders were the famous carved doors of Charlsbury, brought hither to be repaired. On the morning in question they were so placed, side by side, that there was barely room to pass .between them. And the young work man in whose charge they were was continually walking to and fro between them and the windows, and ever keeping his face towards the carvings as if to study their general effect. On each occasion of his return to the doors, he touched with a sponge dipped in some liquid those parts of the new work that seemed ton light of coljjr to match perfectly with the old. At tines he would stop and turn right or left t3 look on the wall, where at the very begin ning of his labours he had hang outline draw ings of both panels of the exact size of the originals, one on one side and one on the other. These were divided by horizontal and perpen dicular pencil lines into an infinite number of small sqjares ; the object being to enable' him to paste into their right places careful separate drawings in detail of every part of the carving that oniUl bi di-tingii-he 1, and so to obtain a guide for the restoration of thoe portions that h i'l ' -.-c-me dim or undecipherable. He was now once more asking himself, what he hid often waked in the night toaskiumseif in alarm, Was the new carving worthy of the old? He passed many times from the solid sketches on the wall to the tangible results of his handicraft on the doors, to try to satisfy himself th.it the question might.be answered satisfactorily. ' Well, anyhow, they are done,'' he said, speaking aloud, after a long pause before the work, without movement of any kind. ' Ah, yes,' he murmured, 'done at last ! and that's about all I dared yet to say. He sighed, but it was a sigh rather of reliel than of regret Again he gazed a long time 111 uiai uc=p cxprcaMvi: aiictiuc nutui iuiu uuvr his work engrossed him, and again be sighed ; but this time it was a sigh that seemed full of measureless content, and as if be were quite satisfied. ' 'The labourer is worthy of his hire,' said our good old parson last harvest festival-day, as a broad bint lo the richer farmers among bis flick. That's what I call good sense and good feeling, as well as good divi lity. And as my only hire will be praise, growing perhaps to fame, let me take care of that, and be thankful while I may.' So communing with himself, he began to carve the letters of his name in the darkest and least conspicuous spot he could find ; which happened to be an enclosure made by the fantastic twist of a couple of demons' tail? at the bottom — and in the corner — of the lef; panel* \Vbile letter after letter was being cut deep'} into — not raised like th-; carvings upon — the general surface of the door, the carver's face broadened with a smile, which soon turned into a loud Jaugh, as he exclaimed, — ' What will oid Trimmer say when he sees this ? Ay. but suppose he do not see ? He shall not !' And he at once so darkened the newly-cut letters, that only eyes seeking foi such a record were likely to find them. And then, as if in fear of interruption, he darkened each lettter as he cut it. Presently, his thoughts flying off in a dif ferent direction, he wondered what the glorious old fellow, monk brother, who first made these carvings would say to him, if he, the ' bold 'prentice,' were only bold enough to call hi; ghost from the grave, teii the awful apparition in what stale the doors were when broughl hither, and then ask him to look mercifully al them now. ^^ ' By heavens^p he broke out suddenly, ' much as I have loved, studied, and alinos worshipped his work, I see now I have no1 admired them half enough. And if I only hac them to do over again, the carver's ghost shoulc see the difference.' The inscription was completed. And sc ingeniously are artistically arranged in curvet lines, as to appear on a casual 'glance to be 3 mere ornamental flourish filling up the vacan space. Revelling in the beauty of his own handi craft,_ in the dreams of the future that he saw opening like the promised land to Moses': messengers, and in the delight mingling witl . these, and he already saw by anticipation in th- eyes of a certain person when she should lool on the doors restored to their old place, anc whisper to her loviog and proud heart, .*« Ant this my sweetheart's doings !' the younj artist-workman forgot everything but the rap ture of the moment ; and the conviction, growing with every fresh study ot the panels, that lie had accomplished a true artistic triumph. And as he stood there gazing, still gazing, be was himself, in spite of the paper cap, the shirt sleeves tucked up at the elbow, the grey vest, grey breeches, and grey stockings, with thicl clumsy shoes, the embodied ideal, of all thai was at once manly and picturesque, in the net fall of his curly brown hair ; the slender, well shaped form of. middle height and supple strength ; the features at once strong and ex pressive of a sensitive temperament ; the las rous foiehead and swelling throat vying with ] ? culptured marble ; the full and finely-shaped 1 1 ips when at rest, but which were apt to* be ? c lursed up in moments of thought, or while arving some particularly delicate bit of work ; .nd, above all, in the tender, dreamy light of 1 yes that would suddenly blaze in the concep ion of some grand idea, or become fiercely i jenetrating and aggressive at the suspicion of ntended insult or wrong. He was awakened from his pleasant reverie iy a touch on his shoulder. Starting, he :urned and saw his master ; who had what the ipprentice thought a villainous habit of stealing in upon his workpeople as silently as if his shoes were shod with felt. ' Done. Jasper?' asked Mr. Godfrey Trim mer, who was a short, thick-set man, with a. certain something in the cunning twinkle of his bright eyes that tended to contradict the loud monotonous voice, the pompous manner and bearing, and the vacuity of the round purplish face, which looked like that of an ugty cherub. 'Quite done, master,' was the reponse. ' The .doors may be re hung in time for the teast-day services to-morrow.'' 'As far as you are concerned, that is to say ; as far as you are concerned.' And therewith he tapped the young man twice on the breast, as if to strike home the idea. It was Godfrey Trimmer's habit to use few words, but to attach such value to these as often to repeat them with a smile, and an a mure emphatic way ; as if he at least knew how much there was in them, and that his hearer would know too, if he studied them in a right frame of mind, as no doubt he would. While he takes out his glasses, wipes them deliberately, and still more deliberately puts them on, looks' through them at various objects around till he settles them at last into the right place, and then sits down on a low tressel in front of thejdoor, a brief glance at his history may be useful. Trained simply as a. wheelwright in a neigh bouring county, and having a little money left him by a relative, he went to his master, a prosperous man, on the very iast day of his apprenticeship, ami proposed to him to be his partner. The wheelwright stared, laughed till he almost choke j himself, and declined. Godfrey Trimmer then wished him good bye. and left without an hour's warning, and with the shop full of unfinished work. He then set out on a tour to examine the whole country for some fifty miles round in every direction, till he reached Charlsbury ; where, finding the only wheelwright was an aged man with an arrear of jobs always by him, and frightened him into resignation for his mere* life-pittance, which he did not live long to receive. Before a year passed Godfrey had numerous hands in his employ, and was beginning to extend bis operations far and wide. . Being, however, one of those men who not only know on which side their bread is buttered, but have a keen eye to the improvement of the quality and quantity of the said butter, Mr. Trimmer had soon discovered that Charlsbury and its neighbourhood were not rich enough to let him get rich by one trade alone ; so he astonished everybody one morning {about six months after his arrival by hanging out above his shop a heavy, gorgeous sign, announcing himself as ' Carpenter and Wheelwright,' and then waiting till orders flowed in, before even -engaging a journeyman for the new branch of trade. When he did engage he found a treasure — a man in me aecune oi lite, out wno was at . once an amateur artist in wood- carving, and a J first-rate workman in carpentry. That man ( was Ralph Deane, father of Jasper, and his first teacher in the beautiful art of which after the ( father's death, the son to make such good use , in dealing with the carvings of the old church doors ; and from Ralph Mr. Trimmer had j picked up what little of skill and knowledge lie possessed of the carver's art, being himself, , however, clever in a commonplace way. ' Hum ! Ha !' ejaculated Mr. Trimmer, after a prolonged examination of the doors. ' Not badly done ; not at all badly done — for ' an apprentice ! You'd do, Jasper, in time — in time, my boy.' Throwing off his coat as if he were going to be very busy indeed, and taking up a- sharp tool, he began to touch the carvings here and there, every touch seeming to enter into Jasper's soul. He literally trembled with rage and fear — rage at the audacity and ignorance of the man who had over and over again compelled him to substitute secretly fresh work for the poor stuff Godfrey had thrust in ; fear for the effect, on ihe work, which might be simply ruinous; whilst, by the immediate removal of the doors, it might also be irremediable. He dared not speak or move, thinking any inteiference with so positive a person might increase the evil. Meanwhile, Mr. Trimmer began to talk with unwonted frankness about bis doings and plans, iie was already on Ihe scent of a. other and more important commission for the church of Ooddington, where the eutire chancel was lined with carvings, said to be by the same man as these doors. ' I can contradict that master,' said Jasper sharply. ' And how should you know anything about the matter, sir ?' ' I can distinguish thejtouch of a great carver in wood from alt imitators, as well as Icandis ;inguish the lines in ray own palm frotu all similar lines in other men/' , Mr. Trimmer seemed to be pondering over (his to him inexplicable assertion for a long lime before he ventured another remark. ' Do you insinuate that the Doddington carvings are by imitators ?' he said at last. *' I am sure of it.' ' How?' '?The touch is feeble, hesitating, uncertain' ? like yours, he would have added had he dared. ' f asper, look at that demon's face. It won't do at all. Compare it with the others ; I mean the oid ones. You must do that over again, ft really is vexatious — all this delay. I say, sir, it really is vexatious.' It was hardly in human nature to repress a smile, when Jasper, going to the sketches on the wall, cut out with his pen-knife the draw ing in question, and took to bis mas-er, say ing, — ' That I drew from the head you are com plaining of, the very first day I saw die doors in the workshop. Compare, and you will see that head has never been even touched.' ' Really ?' said Mr. Trimmer, and Ibscame suddenly interested in the drawing, ' and very -.veil drawn too ! Jasper, I shall take care of you ; I have great things in my mind for you some day. We shall see — we shall see,' and he touched Jasper's breast again almostlovingly. : Moved by this, Jasper thought he would tell him of the inscription, and obtain Ms assent. But while be was trying to see his best way to do so he was spared the trouble, for a noise caused him to turn round, and he saw that Mr. Trimmer, by a sudden movement, had upset the tressel j and was or* bis knees anxiously peering into the darkcarner of the left panel. presently he turned, and said In a strangely quiet tone, *? Come 3»ere,' and Jasper, went 'Will you kindly read out to me that littleinscription 1 That little inscription, Jasper,' he said, and smiled' with cruel irony. ' ' - ? - ''Jasper Deane, Restorer, A.D. 1688,'' said the apprentice, standing bolt upright, and with hard, stem voice, as if be thought the moment had come to defend himself, bat with a lace where the colour seemed to come and'go in painful and rapid succession. ' Well, sir?' said the master, -as he regained his feet, his purplish cherubimic face almost black with the posture he had been in, and with the excitement be could no longer le strain. ; ' ; M Wel!;-master ?' responded Jasper, looking I x. Trimmer full in the face, but with as much 1 ' deference as he could. } ' Bat it's not well ; it's very ill.' I ''I made the drawings of the carvings as ley were' ? ' Under my direction at every step, sir,' iterruptedjMr.- Trimmer. ' I have supplied every one of the most im ortant heads that were defaced.' ' But who did the tails ? Who did the tails, ir?' ' I left them, master, to you — as you wished -and they are well done.' 'Oh, you own that?' ' I think, master, that on the whole you sust see I am entitled to call the restoration uywork.' ;' Your work ? Yours ?' And the loud voice tassed almost into a scream. ' Isn't this my hop? Aren't these my tools? Didn't I get he commission ?. Don't I find you food, and :lothes, and lodging, and pocket-money? Not ny work, indeed ! Why, you are mine — body indsoul, sir, body and soul.' Jasper laughed— he could not help it, though le was sorry a moment after. ' An apprentice to dare to talk to me like his ! Jasper V ' Yes master ?' ' Bring your tools, and erase these letters in ny presence.' 'I cannot.' ' You must ! You shall !' ' Never, master !' ' Then I will.' And su saying Mr. Trim ner again went on his knees before the panel, o cut away ail that Jasper had inscribed there. A moment of terrible temptation assailed the jnlucky apprentice. He has never since been ible to recall the precise form of violence to which he was on the point of giving way ; ail he knows of the matter is, he was tempted, and was saved by the sudden recollection of the tragedy of the drunken trooper and the Ro manist before these very doors, in the time of the Civil War ; an event to which he had often ascribed certain stains on the carving that might very well have been stains of blood. ' Master !' he said with a trembling, pas sionate voice of appeal, ' please listen to me, before — belore' ? Emotion here overcame him, and he was constrained for a minute or so to silence. Mr. Trimmer who had his own obvious reasons for desiring to be on good terms with his apprentice, turned round, sat on the floor, with the cutting instrument in his hand. ' Go on ; be quick.' ' Master, I am free to confess I was wrong to put my name on the carving without first obtaining your consent. I beg you to forgive that neglect of duty.' '.Help me up, There's an end of the matter. We'll say no more about it. Nobody will, know what you put in, an d more than they'll know what you took out. So that's settled.' ' I am sorry, master, for the method cf doing — not for the thing done, which I think you will not wish undone when you hear what I have to say.' So said Jasper pertinaciously, and there was an increasing sternness in the voice that had the effect of remnding Mr. Trimmer he was not exactly in the position to curb with dignity a rebellions apprentice. Declining, therefore, the pfter of the hand hi* had asked for a. minute before, he irose. nd stood witn his eyes taxed on |asoers, pith an expression that changed strangely, £ Jasper thought, from menacing to con iliatory two or three different times, as he pro eeded, — . . . ' My father was, as you know, my first eacher in this art. One day when I was about hirteen years old, he surprised me as we were 'oing past the church by bidding me look at he carvings. I did look, but saw nothing that L was particularly familiar with, and I turned 0 his face in wonder. Tears were in his eyes, ind his voice trembled as he spoke. ' * Jasper,' said he, ? do you know — has raybody ever spoke to you about the martyrs vho were burned where now stands the -cross ronder — burned, boy, a great many years ago ?' ' * No, father, but I read about them in a rook, and I was very much interested,' I said. ' * Why ?' he asked m& '? ' Because, father, it was so strange that one -f them was called Jasper Deane,'. ' 'And you do not know that that man was four grandfather ?' ' ' No, father ; no. Was he really ?' ' ' He was, my boy, and I gave you the name 3f Jasper in memory of him. But it was not merely to say this I called you here to look oace more on those doors. It was to tell you that the dream of my late years has been that I night restore the carvings, from which, I doubt not, your grandfather drew inspiration, courage, ind, finally, the strength and enudurance for martyrdom. But the struggle for bread has allowed me only time to prepare myself fitly for work, and now that I am ready — capable, 1 think, of not dishonouring so glorious a theme— i find my sand is nearly run, and even if -I may yet live a year or two longer, I dare not -trust -my -failing eyesight and tremulous hands for so solemn and difficult a task. Jasper, boy, can you not guess what else I'd would say. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 