PERSONALITIES. At Abliotsf'oiil. Oxii must apnronoh thoso places in n spirit of enthusiasm, to enjoy them at all. It is not just the thing to onjoy yourself in Europe, nowadays, in any but a social way. Indeed, sight-seeing belongs to tho hoi polloi. But, if people do do such a thing at all, it has becomo tho correct custom to look ut every thing from a strictly humorous point of view. Unfortunately, no one can do this well but Mark Twain. It is just as well, theroforo, if you havo loved your Wavorloys, and all woll rogulated people do, to approach tho white walls and endless wings of Abbotsford with somo good, hearty, old-fashioned enthu siasm. Otherwise, when tho mist broke, just as wo drove through a littlo side-gnto iulo tho grounds, tho houso that nestled thero, doop, deep in tho bosom of a hollow, would havo seomed very commonplace indeed. Un fortunately, too, tho poople iu charge of show places aro apt to bring you down off your romantic stilts in very abrupt fushiou. A llCuO aoOr III Clio oasomum*ui tLuuuiaivrii wus opened to us by u gloo old Scotchman, in a Glongarry bonuot, who ushered us into a disn.nl place, whioh may once have been tho laundry. I had peopled tho littlo Scotoh hills with a long troop of tho Waverloy ghosts, as wo drovo iu through tho ltedgo gate, and there was a long train of thorn at my heels— Fergus Muo-Iaor, Di Vernou, K ib liny, Jennio Denus nnd hor pretty sister Kflio, with tho Laird of Dumhidiker looking over their shoulder, but they ull fled incontinently nt sight cf gaunt Scotch oustodian. ' You'll not beablo to go into Sir Walter's rooms tho day,' he said, ' it's too lato, except ing thero bo seven of yo. It doesn't pay to tako less.' Wo meekly suggested thut wo wait aud seo if a f rosli batoh of tourists might not turn up, but thero woro no others at Molroso vonturosomo onough to accept tho Scotch mist and tho old Scotch lly together. A group of sovon lSngUeh touriBts dosceu ded tho creaking basomont stairoaso carefully, ovon stealthily, and we prepared gloomily to go out with th'em. 'Tho rooms will bo open at ten. in tho morning-, said tho glum custodian. But when wo told him that by that timo wo would havo had our breakfast in London, as wo were to catch tho midnight express at Melrose, he almost gripped us to kcop us in the north. Ho saw a fow shining1 shillings, that might havo been hie, disappearing into tho great muclxtrom of London, nnd ho shuddered at tho thought. His Scotch acquisitiveness overcame his Scotch manner, nnd ho insisted upon us seeing SirJ Wulter's rooms in ;i manner thnt was really civil. Sir Walter's rooir.8, including oven the old hall', or main entrance, have, necessarily been walled oft entirely from tho remainder I»f tho house Nothing of tho bolongings or lifo of tho family is visible to tho tourist, except the inevitable tennis- court, which is laid ont on a level plat under ths library windows, and closo by tho liver's side. Thero was a group of young people, who seemed to carry AValter Scott's bioodin their veins with the utmost carelessness, trying to havo a gnme. It tisko3 a good deal of weather to discourage a Scotch group, but sopping wet tcriuis-balLi are ugly things anywhere, and thoy gave it up in despair. Nor did thoy seem to bolouir there. Tennis was still a Prcnch gamo in Walter Scott's lime, und hero wore wo among his unjis '-?'jiu!Jj-'.oljjjiu,-3-;,!— Olitxsnlf. Iiiitl lig'in n thousand uud a thousand times. ~ ' '~~ Ho might have just left tho room from the tokens of h jn, for hero was his chair turned half from the tablo ; hero was tho table itself upin which so much of marvellous lore had beon written, and thero wero tho inkstand and pan. The glum guide said it wus tho ideuiicil pen n-ithwhkh ho had mado his last written word.*, and it in always easier and plearanter to believe these things. It was a big quill, und if it wero indeed tho true (,ue, why thon,. Walter Scott liirasc-lf scratched his head, nud ciieucd his pen, nnd waited for an ci.-ciisional ii'.ca now !:nd then, oven &3 tho lester writers do, for there wero tho marks of his teeth. It has boon said that all the travail of brain creation is iu tho putting of tho ideas them selves down. Thoughts flow fast and furious, but it is labor to put them into words, und no mother is moro helpless over tho sox of hor infant, the flow of its lines, or tho color of its hair, than a writer over tho words which shall como forth to express him. Wus there ever anything smoother, easier, richer, more abundant, than AVnlter Scott's wizard words, yot if ho had been Tupper writing his proverbial philosophy, ho could not have bitten his quill to leave surer t nice of a moment's perplexity. CloEe as tho library with its empty chair brings you to Walter Scott's work, nothing brings you so closo to Walter Scott himself ns tho hall. It wns once called tho great hall, but now pcoole rather spread themselves on halls, now adays, and so the Scott Hall rather shrinks in proportion, but it is interesting to the last degree. Ono could almost feel his living presence there, if thoro wero not a ghastly white bust of him on a tablo in the corner. A butt always intrudes tho idea of death, for it docs not seem that any living persons in their senses would permit busts of themselves to stand around tho place and make it ghostly. But it is easy to turn your back upon iho Scott bust, and tho rest is pleasure and sun shine, aud interest. The tessalated floor nnd oarved walls look positively modern in tho light of the decorative taste of tho new day, aud there are half a hundred things that any one may have, such as trophies of tho chase, weapons, bits of armor, ox -horns, deer-horns und what not of thnt ilk. But Walter Scott was a genuine collector longbefortv;:5,'actini«j^-y; a fashion, and every Sk^ /:-^a^¥'^^-^j% Close up under the edge of 'tlio fcanxHr rafters hang tho escutcheons of many noble Scotch families, and what a woalthof border land lore does each suggest, if the cross cus tadinu can tell you, as ho can now and then, to what family they belong. Eob Itoy's deadly gun, feared so long upou the edgo of tho Highlands, hangs peacefully enough, at last, upou the wall. Closo by, is the lock of Rob Roy's house. They had pointed us a cave ia the hillside behind Inversnaid, us tho favorite abidiug place of the great chief, but tho great outlaw, it seems, lived in a houso now and then. Knowing what to expect of poople who did not live iu homes, ho locked himself in, with passing security. Tho lock is a hugo thing, moro than a foot squire, and it must havo required un able-bodied man to carry tho key abont. In tho corner stood tho identical chest — a beautiful pieco of Venetian work — in which the fair Ginevra locked herself on her bridal night, and wus not found till twenty years LU.LUJ.J »U-JI1 UUL JUUilg UUlICfj 1111IIU.H-U IUVU 11 heap, with h-?r bridal jewel'-, horrified the first lifter of tho lid. Tho story is oxtnut in choice Italian, as Hamlet sny», (hough it is bettor known in its transplanted English form ns the song of the ' Mistletoe Bough.' ' The mistletoe Iran;,' in tlio Kistlo kill, The holly branch flione on the old o:0; wall.' But AValter Scott, who was a cabinet linguist, preferred tho Italian tale, and cherished tho chest us one of his most priceless belongings. A stray sunbeam coming over Maida's grave — Maida is buried just outside tho deep seated window — glanced upon it crucifix upou tho wall, tho ono that Mary Stunrt kissed bo foro sho laid her head upon tlio block. Poor Mary ! No woman, surely, ovor culled so many tears from human oyes. Hor beautiful faco'was hor fate, for jealousy, which is stronger than death, und cruder than tho grave, pursued her, till sho kissed this little crucifix with the very last sigh of eighteen years of sighing. ' AVho is it, is it not Washington Irving, in his charming nttlo Sketch Book, who says: 'The wnlU of Elizabeth's sopuloliro continually echo with tlio sighs of sympathy ho:ived at the grave of hor rival ?' But when it came to shedding tears over Mary Stunrt, the custodian would have none of it. lie belonged to tho Established Church of Scotland, and Mary was a herolic. — S. /?'. Bulletin. MissPnoobe Couzins, tho fresh, fair-haired pretty lawyer who has just been made United States marshal in St. Louis, whon tho subject o£ probably tho only neat compli ment over heard from President Haye3. Ho hud just been inaugurated, und Miss Couzius was expressing htr regret that some womnu lnwycr like horself was not the ohief justico who administered tho oath to tho prsatdont. ' Iu whioh case,' said President Hoye.s, ' I should certainly have kissed, not tho book, but tho chief justice. Duko Carl of Wurtomburg was a great hand at n practical joke in hia younger days. Onco ho called at a furm-houso and asked tho farmer's wifo, who whs churning, for a drink of milk. Sho did not know her visi tor, but went away to fetch tho milk, when tho duke seized a cat, which was lying noar, and throw it, together to' a dubat, into tho churn. When the woman returned, ho drank t'ao milk and walked away. A year later, Iho samo princo entered the houso in differont dress, nnd ngitiu nskea for a glnss of mil!r, and inquired whether somo ono hadn't onco secreted u cut iu her churn. Tho furmoi's wifo laughed, ar.d said: 'Oh, yes; aud I wouldn't mind his doing it uguiu ut tho same price' 'AVhutdiJ you do with the butter you wero churning then ?' 'Oh! Isentitto tho palace, where they tako ull my KtuuV Tho skill which Mr. Clay loarned in boyish encounters was of uso to him uftcrward, for statesmen in Kentucky were addicted to fisticuffs. Tho lion James C. Sprigg, u mombsr of tho Kentucky legislature, and af forward elected to Congress, hud buon very fortuunlo iu such utl'uirs. Ho ouuc, when in his cups, had communicated to Mr. Cluy the suurol'of his success. It was to advuuco ou his enemy with a pleasant expression of countenance, and, having thus thrown him off lua gaard, to striko him a heavy blow in the faco, and keep at it until ho was beaten. Messrs. Clay and Sprigg afterward quarreled, and met by nccident at tho hotel, in a room occupied by a number of tho members. ' As soon,' Bays Mr. Cky, 'as Sprigg, who was evidently awaiting my arrival, saw me, ho advanced past nil there gentlemen toward me, with a pleasant look, without speaking. I romombered his methods ; nnd when he got within reach, without a word on cither siac, I gave him a sovero blow in tho faco, and brought him staggering to tho floor.' As often us Mr. Sprigg would rise, Mr. Clay would repeat tho blow, and thus easily beat his antagonist. Mr. Clay speaks of this as comic ; most of his uffairj, howover, with knifo nud pistol, were of tho tragic order. 