SERMON" ADVERTISEMENTS. TO THE EDITOB Sir,—It is said that he who is clever at nicknames has the oratorical faculty. If so, one of the greatest though not best or worst feats of Adam was his christening of the creatures. If their names were to indicate their natures, inspiration and not experience must be the explanation. Modem christening is but a poor affair. Beit ship, hone, or child, the name is little* more than a numeral upon an egg, or a murk on a bale of wool. It no more indicates quality, than an address does the contents of the letter. Comet, may prove but a very sorry jade upon the turf, Queea of the waves,. may sink under them on her firstventure, and Solomon the younger exhibit leas wisdom than ancient Solomon's very foolish son. But ' Titles' of Bermons should not be as riddlesor conundrums. The Fingerpost plainly says, to the Port, to Magill, to Glenelg,but few of these titles tell us which way the preacher intends to travel. Giving chapter and verse, would bean advantage to us who can conclude only that he is bent on a Sabbath day's journey, and that his business is a religious one. What am I to infer from' A Catastrophe and How 'it was met ?' Was it a wreck, a railway collision, or the hunting of a water-spout t How it was met t I know not | perhaps as one meets a funeral, a, mere spectator'. Those who were involved in it, might miset their doom by it, as » conseqnence, -bnt while it can be met, it-is only sometM^uhpending which may become a catas-, trophe. Anotheris ' A dark hour before dawn,' of' these there are 866% .the year.- We may from our knowledge of the Bible gAess at the lUhject, and ^ sure that 864 other hours are to be excluded, but nothing more. The titn would suit a . tf4e ipa admirably asasermon. Nextfollows ' A oommon plea forirreligion/' M common^ the piquanfy is gone, Is there but bne, and ,that coiqmon tO all.? ^bw -iSeeplte the s dictum of^.Aostraliip orator, iireli£iqn ft PPP*' * ' ; THE<>PPE«ILIE^«ELI£^OIII' IN C^MNION°%(LI^LINT'-IT 1 IS 1 1 ; equivalents impietyiandwhilOHniepMifeexcjiaesfot : desired.' To those who were desiring a sinful meeting, or the receipt of news, or a windfall of fortune, or a rise in shares, or tidingB of a reef in which the metal sparkled, the subject might extort the remark,-yon may have it all to younelf, I would require one to De familiar with the Bible before such a title conld prove attractive, 'ChristianFishermen' is another. Emphasize christian, yon will then conclude the sermon is not to concern Chinee and other ' haythen * fishermen, but if,' say, 1 the 1 preacher's object was to urge christians to become fisheraof men, he would not have erred much more had his title been' Australian Fisher* men.' 'A happy deliverance from a horrible danger* would be a capital heading for an escape from a Bhark, tiger, or crocodile, * Gospel Arithmetic * is ingenious, ' Christian Courtesy' is clear, and' Peter a true Catholic ' is definite. ' Peculiar People' is rather humorous and may iudicate a peculiar preacher, perhaps a Cruikshank in the pulpit. I should have been pleased could I have been present, to notice howthe would deal with absent friends, for he would except hiB audience, or they would save him the labour. The ' Peculiar people' are not honored with a place in the new version, nor had they any right to be in the old one. Ruthless foes are the Bevisers to many a traditional text or'sermon. The last I shall notice, is one who has lettered signs of accredited scholarship. He is beat on originality, and in a most singular way secures it. £ very title contains a blunder. Jesus Christ' as Jehovah God,' is the first. It is paralleled ( to ' Garrick as the Ghost, in,Haml$t. I presume that he does not mean that Jesus personates Jehovah. He believes that He was, or is the Jehovah of the Old Testament. His heart will keep his head from heterodoxy, but his head does not keep his words. His next is,' The apex of a pure humanity actually reached,'that is, the impure, or imperfect concrete, attains to faultless abstract. His title implies a beginning, a progress, an effort and a realisation. To adopt his geometrical style, it would seem, that the pure humanity being lodged only in the apex of the cone, it degenerates down towards a very inferior base. Now all Christians believe, that Jesus never' reached a pure humanity' He was ' That Holy Thing' from the first, I don't believe there iB heresy in the minister, but it is not the apex of scholarship to announce it in his titles, Bis third is ' The Enigma of permitted pain ' I have met with the Economy, the Mystery, the Design 1 of pain, but now I learn, that the Enigma of pain, is only, or chiefly in that which is permitted. Is there such a thing? Sin is permitted not ordained, bnt pain is ordained and not permitted Pain is a sort of sleeping partner in the physical and mental firm, waking up to perform his duties upon the violation of law, upon the doing of wrong. If pain had but a permit, to travel through the realms of body and mind, he would soon be conducted to the frontiers and sent packing. Pain is founded in our nature, is - perhaps inseparable from it, for if Adam had bruised his foot in Paradise, he would have felt the pain, God permits us to choose and decline many things, but consequences, pain amongst them, are sure, and sometimes unavoidable. The last title to be noticed is,'Satanic activity in opposing the reception of the truth.' Here we have no agent, and ' Satanic,' a quality of that property. The inimical power therefore, is not attributed to man or Satan, but is a mere abstraction. It may be said, the cobbler should not get beyond his- last, nor , would I venture, did I not think our ministers ought to give titles, more clear and definite to the sermons they want us to come and hear. If they style their hearers 'Peculiar People' they provoke us to reflect upon peculiarities we may notice in their advertisements. Once or twice a month should suffice for ' specials.' the Haunted chamber,Off the line, the train to Heaven or have you your ticket, may serve now and then. There's no knowing whejeunto this title spicing will grow. We may be getting' Feathers from the wingB of a flying report,' or,' The spoon that Btirred up a cup of sorrow, or' A fence built out of a wife's railings.' The wise plan is to advertise a subject, but seldom^ and ; then we shall conclude there is something good, The , truth is sir, I could go a long distance to hear a vigor- . ous preacher, but a catching title would not pull me across the narrowest street in Adelaide. The best subject, is ever, our Master and any great truth that borders on eternity. The best advertisement, is the minister himself, and better than, the titles, the sermons he preaches. Good wine needs no bush, unless on special occasions. It suffices to know, that such and such a minister is in his pulpit. The Anglicans, announce music not sermons. They have evensong, but matins not morning song. Pity the Saxon won't do for both. ' Do you have matins here every day ?' ' No Sir, said the pew opener—No Sir; we have Earntoolikin right up to the altar.' Matins 11 and to think - the visitor said matting I What a Ml from the sublime to the bastmat or cocoanut. A plague on these big long, half foreign words, why do learned men use them ? I am, &c.;, GIDEON. 