^CltQtOtlg ST. PETEB'S CATHEDBAL.—We have jus received the statement for the year ending December 31 last of the Offertory and Aid Funds, accompanied by the following report" The WardenB are thankful that, notwithstanding a period of adversity aud many wet Sundays, the income of the Cathedral ban proved to be Bomewhat greater than that • : last year. Thia is, no doubt, to be attributed partly to the influx of visitors to the city, and partly to the proceeds of the Lenten oratorio. The amount, of subscriptions to the 'Aid Fund' is, however, lamentably small, and the Wardens are hopeful that with the increasing prosperity of the colony the number of contributors may become much more numerous, and the proBpect of wiping out the deficit be assured. It is, indeed, impossible that the mother Church of the Diocese with the vicar's residence can be supported without assistance from all parts of the colony to augment the funds arising from the'weekly offertory, there being neither pew rents nor endowments, as is ordinarily the case with parish Churches. In addition to the sum of £8313a. 6d. mentioned as being in the hands of the Wardens, there is a farther sum of £424 7s. bearing interest with the attorneys of the S. P.G., amounting together to £508 10s. Gd. , to the credit of the Building Fund. The Bishop desires to draw special attention to thia fund, in the hope that on the consideration of these sums being already subscribed, many people who wiBh for the completion of the Cathedral may be induced to give liberally towards its attainment. The Bishop and Wardens have to tender their best thanks to the ladies of the Cathedral Guild for having so handsomely renovated and refitted the internal vestries, thus giving far better accommodation to the clergy for their vestments and for the varions requirements of the altar furniture and choir music than had hitherto been afforded. The Wardens are glad to be able to state that a final arrangement has been agreed on with the Dean and Chapter, as trustees for the See, for the purchase of tbe lodge, the present residence of the vicar, and trust that in course of time sufficient funds will be forthcoming to enable them to acquire full possession ; meantime interest will be payable on balance due.—On behalf of the Loid Bishop, W. POPE, Hon. Sec.; F. HALCOMB, Hon. Treasurer, Wardens." The statement shows an income of £1,035 14s. 4d„ of which £822 17B. 4d. represented offertorieB on Sunday e, £112 9s 5d. on holy days, &c.;,and £93 12s. (id. Cathedral Aid Fund. The expenditure side opened with a balance from last year of £106 19a. 6d„ salaries £660 I4s., organ £7717s. 3d., Cathedral lodge £85 19s., special offertories £65 19a. Id., and the balance incidental expenses. The debit balance was reduced from £106 19s. 6d. to £8217s. 5d. TRINITY CHURCH, MELROSE. — Services were held in Holy Trinity Church on Good Friday morning and evening, the Rev. W. Cooke cond acting both. These were the first services^ Mr. Cooke has been able to take Bince hiB unfortunate accident nine weeks ago, when he broke his leg. Although having to walk with crutches, Mr. Cooke can get about. The Church was crowded on Easter Sunday, both morning and evening, to hear the rev. gentleman. The greatest sympathy has been shown Mr. Cooke by all classes during his enforced absence from his work, MB. SruRGEON AND THE BAPTLST UNION, —At the Baptist Mission House, Holburn, on the afternoon of February 21, there was (says an English paper) a further specially convened meeting of the Baptist Union Council for the purpose of considering Mr, Spurgeon's message to the Council in reply to the deputation recently apnointedto visit him. Dr. Culross, President of the Union, presided, supported by Dr. Clifford (Vice-President), Dr. Booth (Secretary), and abont _ seventy ministerial members of the Council from different parts of the country. The proceedings were protracted, and finally Dr. Clifford moved, and Dr. Green seconded, a resolution which was carried by 35 to 5. It was to the effect that " The Council of the Union disclaims altogether any authority to formulate a new and additional theological belief as a bond of anion to which aEsent a shall be required ; but whilst expressly disavowing, and disallowing, any _ power to control belief or strict enquiry, yet, in view of the uneasiness produced in the Churches by reason of the discussions, and to show our agreement with one another and with our fellow- Christians on'the great truth of the Gospel, tbe Conncil deems it right to say that baptized into the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, we have avowed repentance towards God and faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, the very elements of a new life. And as in the Supper, we avow our union with one Bnother, while partaking of the Bymbol of the body of our Lord, broken for us, and of the blood shed for the remission of sins. The Union, therefore, is an - Association of the Church, professing not only to believe tbe facts and dcctrines of the Gospel, but to have undergone the spiritual cb ange expressed or implied in them." The Rev. J. A. Spnrgeon voted in the minority. The meeting lasted four hours. DB. R. W. DALE ON AUSTRALIAN "CON- GREGATIONS."—At a meeting held in the Birmingham Town Hall to weloome Dr. R. W. Dale on his return from Australia, he summed up his experience of Australian Con gregationaiists and congregations as follows: —"As for the people, they were very much like the Congregationalists of England, and he ventured to tell them often that they walked far too closely in the footsteps of the English Cocgregationalists. They were a sensitive people to preach to. From first to last, in his discourses to them, he always felt that they were moving with him, and that there was a response to every word that came to his mouth and to the thought that those words were intended to utter. Some one had said concerning great orators that they received from their audience in vapour what they gave back in showers, and although he coald not lay claim to being a great orator, he had felt all through that hia audience did as much for him aB he was ever able to do for his audience. As to the ministers, let r.o man who could not prosper in England suppose that he was likely to prosper in Australia. On the whole he (Dr. Dale) had come to the conclusion that the average colonial Congregational minister was a stronger and abler man than the average Congregational minister at home. The Australians were strong men. They conld do with preachers who were a little rough, but a preacher who had no force they could not do with. Theologically their Churches were very much where Congregational Churches were at home. Their inferiority in numbers to the Churches of some other denominations was, however, in great part due to the fact that though in some newly pcpulated districts, when Churches were first established, religious people of all views flocked to them, they joined their own Churches again when those were built in consequence of an absence of any preaching which expounded the principles and polity of the Congregational body. He trusted that their friends in Australia were getting wiser on that point. For his own part, ne had come back from the Australian Colonies with a deeper and more passionate faith in the central elements of the Evangelical creed than that with which he went out, and he had also come back with a more assured confidence in those principles of polity which for 300 years had been the trust of the Con- Rregationaliste of this country." RAILWAY CARRIAGES FOB LADIES ONLY.— Writes the Pall Mall Gazette recently:— " What a knowledge of women Pope had to be eure. Every one knows his lines on the young lady who, Wedded to her amorous spark. Cries for the shade: ' How lovely were a park!' A park is purchased, and tbe fair be fees All bathed in tears: ' Ob, odious, odious trees!' Does any one dispute this. Then let UB apply tbe cold and merciless test of some figures which appear in a Board of Trade Circular respecting lady travellers on English lines of railways. After a more than usually horrible assault upon a lady in a railway carriage they sternly demanded that tbe Companies shonld provide separate compartments for ladies, and the Board of Trade addressed a circular letter to the railways with this result, which, as we say, is disappointing. Replies have been received fiom thirty-four Companies in England and Wales, six in Scotland, and eight in Ireland. The general tenor of the replies is that there is little or no demand for carriages for women only, and that when provision is made for them women do not often use it. The Great Western Company point oat that fewer than a quarter of the seats so provided were used in a given period; on the other hand, 5,141 women travelled in Btnoking compartments during the same time," WEILS' HAIR BALSAM.—If grey, restores to original colour. An elegant dressing; softens and beautifies. No oil nor grease. A tonic restorative. Stops hair coming out, strengthens, cleanses, heals scalp. 2zk S3T ADVICE TO MOTHERS —Are you broken in your rest by a sick child Buffering with the pain of cutting teeth? Go at once to a chemist and get a bottle oi MRS. WINSLOWS SOOTHING STROP, it will relieve the poor su&erer; immediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes "aa bright uabntton." It soothes the child, it soitens the ins, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the welR, ana is the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. Winslow*s Soothing Syrup is sold by Medi ine dealers.(everywhere at la. lid. per bottle. lltccd 