Til SSETC18E. Sea Phantoms and Phantasies. Br L. L. I. whose duelling is the light of setting suns And the round ocean and the living air. Years before I went to sea, when indeed I was quite a child, I read a book called 'The Night Side of Nature,' written by a Mrs. Crowe, and its horrors remained with me for longer than I care to remember. It is full of ghosts and their doings and ' canyings on' of every description, from the mischievous ones who throw crockery and furniture about, and smash things generally, to the aristocratic revenant of some noble house, who in solitary state clanks liis chains along his ancestral corridors. As with the poor, so with ghosts. We have them/always with us, and shall have them to the end of time. If, then, there are we will not say ghosts, but inexplicable phenomena to be met with in houses and upon shore, and out of ten average people you wiil not find five bold enough to avow their utter dis belief in such things, even in broad daylight ; whilst, given darknesB and a suitable spot, the credulous ratio will be as nine to one, — if, then, this is the case, why should not similar phenomena exist in ships and upon the sea ? v Why should there not be, I ask? There are. And though uo blood-chilling, hair-raising volume like that of Mrs. Crowe's has yet been compiled, it is from no lack of material every bit as well authenticated. Cases of haunted ships 'and ocean apparitions were as common some years ago as to-day they are comparatively rare, or, at any rate, rarely heard of. Nevertheless, can no man, whosoever he may be, assert with impunity that the sea, or the land either, to say nothing of the vast, comparatively unknown forces of what is called ' natural philosophy,' have yielded up their wondrous secrets, even in this age of as, it seems to us who live in it, ever-increasing enlightenment. Doubtless, the thump of marine engines and the glow of the electric light are scarcely favourable adjuncts to spectral visitations on a large and external stage. What, for instance, can the Kapitein Philip Vanderdecken think as, from the towering poop of his airy ship, he sights one of our modern sea-monsters ploughing her way through his particular domains, independent as himself of wind or canvas, and listens to the beating of her engines and the shrill escape of steam. ' No use,' he probably exclaims, ' in trying to frighten a thing like that into carrying letters home for me !' and sighs for the almost bygone times when, ranging up alongside the storm-tossed merchantman as she lay under bare poles reeling and pitching in the big Cape seas, the phantom ship, with every stitch set, from her royals down, and her skipper, speaking-trumpet in hand, standing just abaft the tnizzeu- rigging, hailed the helpless victim, whose crew at once gave themselves up as lost, for had they not seen the Flying Dutchman ? Counting themselves, too, as fortunate men indeed that the spectral captain, had not succeeded in putting on board the papers he presently waved on high with imploring gestures — letters, these, addressed to his vrouw and her little ones in far-off Amsterdam, whose faces he lust saw four centuries ago, else had they lost, as well as their bodies, their immortal souls. This is eminently a prosaic age, and science has done much towards splitting-up old beliefs and super stitions, and letting in through the crevices the light of common sense ; yet, spite of the psychological and kindred societies, there are many ' more things in heaven and earth' — ' and in the sea,' too, might the Prince of Denmark haye Added — ' than are dreamt of in our philosophy.' And, as in busy thoroughfares of great cities, and in remote country villages, you may see 'the haunted house;' so, too, in sluggish rivers, half grounded on a mudbank, as in -crowded docks, its rotting timbers and deserted decks head and stern with the skill and science and wisdom of the highest civilisation in the world, lies the haunted ship. Truly a strange contrast ! Of course, the legend of the Flying Dutchman, alluded to above, is par excellence the spectral romance of the sea, and poets and novelists have made more or less good capital or it according to their respective lights. But, striking and imposing as the old story is, there are dozens of modern ones which excel it in the weird horror so essen tial to such a theme, and the actors in which, instead of being shrouded in the apocryphal gloom of bygone centuries, are of to-day, living, breathing men. Let me take as an example the story of the brig Charles and Mary, of New Orleans, whose cap tain in a fit of passion shot a man dead at the wheel for being a point off his course. For this he was sentenced, on the vessel's arrival in port, to five years' penitentiary ; and after a while a fresh master was appointed, and the ship sailed for Belize, in British Honduras. For some time nothing out of the way happened. But one night, at the first stroke of eight bells, a stranger came aft to relieve the wheel. The officer of the watch (a friend of my own, a steady, hard-headed man, with whom I afterwards sailed on the same brig) and the helmsman, with whom he was speaking, shouted with dismay as the figure, with a rapid, gliding motion, advanced through the bright moon light, bareheaded and ghastly pale — one arm extended, the other pressed over his heart — and both ran forward towards the break of the poop. It was blowing u steady breeze, just free, at the time, and the ship, coming up in the wind, stripped herself of her etudding sails. The captain, hurrying on deck, and hearing the story, swore roundly at the mate, and scoffed at the idea of even the ghost of a sailor being such a lubber as not to know now to keep the canvas full. The next night, at the same hour, the captain him self being at the wheel, the same thing occurred. A man of iron nerves, he drew his pifctol and fired twice at the figure, which vanished ; only, however, to instantly reappear grasping the lee-helm, and with a touch of ice-cold fingers on the captain's hand as he spoke'slipped through it. This was more than flesh and blood could stand, and the master of the Charles and Mary fled to the group of trembling, watching sea men at the weatherside of the poop. Every night at 12 o'clock, whether the ship's bell was struck ofynot, that woeful form glided from forward aft, gazed at from the rigging and the tops of the deck houses by the affrighted crew, who, with their officers, never once ventured below night or day, till they reached Havanna, for which port, as the nearest, the captain shaped his course, and where all hands except him self left in a body directly the anchor was down. Well would it .have been, for him if he had followed their example ! The story, as may be imagined, soon got noised abroad ; and it was with the greatest difficulty that some Spanish «? runners' were procured to take the vessel to her destination. We can fancy with -what anxiety, that first night at sea, the captain — the only man on beard yrh» knew the real state «f affairs, although the crew, judging from rumours beard ashore, had a vague notion of some uncanniness about the brig — watched the sailor at the wheel as the first strokes of midnight sounded. It -was pitch dark on this occasion, and only when the grim relief stood opposite the Spanish helmsman in the bright patch of light cast by the binnacle lamps did the latter see the dead-white, agonised face and fixed glassy eyes looking into his own. Then, with a scream of terror, he sank down in a swoon, as the captain, rushing aft, caught hold of the wheel. I should have mentioned that the spectre was never^; visible for more than about five minutes from its first appearance, when, to the watchers, it seemed to fade imperceptibly away astern, leaving behind it around the wheel a very faint luminous vapour, ' like a thin fog,' as described to the writer by the eye witness of the scene before referred to. Very shortly the excitable Spaniards, becoming half-mad with fear, took two of the boats, and, without opposition from the captain, who sullenly refused to accompany them, they left him and the haunted brig to each other. A week later a Spanish gunboat, cruising off Cape St. Antonio, came across the Charles and Mary in an evil plight, with both her topmasts gone, her sails in shreds, and the captain a raving maniac clinging to the wheel, from which he had to be parted by main force. The Spaniard towed her into Havanna, and thence, :is no one could be got to stay on board, she was similiarly conveyed to her own port of New Orleans, where already her crew had arrived and been imprisoned to await their trial for supposed murder and piracy. Here her cargo was discharged, and, lthough quite a new vessel, the owners, failing in every effort to procure a crew, laid her up. And now for the sequel of this curious story, every stage of which happened before the eyes of men still alive, and of whom some have confirmed the details on oath. As time went on, and the imprisoned cap tain's sentence was within six months of completion, the owners of the brig concerned at a valuable piece of property lying so long idle, had her thoroughly overhauled, re-painted, and re-named. Then, exerting their influence, they managed to obtain a remission of the last four months, and, on the captain's release, offered him the command of his old vessel. It was at once accepted, a crew of strangers hurriedly bustled on board out of low boarding-houses, and she sailed this time for 'Vera Cruz. The first night out was dark and stormy, and the brig under short canvas, tore through the dark waters of the Gulf of Mexico with a hand at the weather and lee-helms. In heavy weather she steered very wild. Midnight struck, and the captain, who perhaps had ere he sailed received a hint of what was averred to happen at that hour, as the wheel was relieved and the watch sent below without anything uncommon occurring, bade a laughing good night to the second mate and retired to his cabin. What took place there no man will ever know, but ten minutes had not elapsed before the officer of the watch heard the sound of a shriek of mortal terror, closely followed by that of a pistol-shot, and a moment after the captain, bare headed, in his shirt and drawers only, rushed up the companion, and, dashing swiftly past him leapt, head long overboard into the great seas which, roared astern. The rest of the passage passed uneventfully. The ghost was laid, its manes appeased at last. Strange, distorted patches of this story of a sea phantom have from time to time found their way into print ; hence it is that I have thought it worth relating somewhat at length. It has been told to me by men who would be termed anywhere reliable witnesseB, at different times and different places; and who, not knowing of each other's existence, had nevertheless been connected with the mystery. And besides these, there is, or was a few years ago, in the State Asylum at G ? , a poor, white- haired madman, who spends his nights, from 10 o'clock till 12, standing rigidly upright, his clenched hands moving slightly to right and left as they grasp an imaginary ship's wheel, behind which, as the clock strikes midnight, he shrinks down with foaming lips and moan& of terror,' pointing at some horrible vision that none but himself can see. For obvious reasons I have left unmentioned the name by which the once haunted vessel is now known : suffice it to say that she is no stranger to Australasian waters. 