, FIXTURES. .!'. July. 21— Nile Road Race. I am informed that the committee of tho N.T. Cycling Club have decided to run their road race from the Nile to Evandale to-day (Saturday) , should the weather prove fnvorablo, nnd I hope to find the competitors more punctual at the starting place than \+ 1iQ-*r itrofn nn fr.lio loch nnf»noi«n. nf.liflew iro they will themselves isufler, as I hear the race is to be started at 4'30 p.m. sharp, iiud not d minutu will be allowed to nny appearing late. The committee nro deter mined on this occasion to start the'race to irime, and I '.would urge all 'competitors toi be. at the post and , ready early. I -would Kuggest that a man be placed at, half ..ind three qunrtar distances to note the position ofthe'men as they pass, thoy could also, act ns.referees. Though the road is fairly wide with luch a number starting; they -require to be careful that two or three don't . get together and monopolise tho whole of the road. With sueli a number of starters, and Itranted a fine day, our Lymiingtoh 'and Kvandfila .friends may exp»ctto:so« som* v»rj' fast riding. Ford, I understand, has been doing a little. training, and will leave ri» stbri* unturned to win the event,' but. with such flyers us Galvin nnd Gill BroB. in front he will no doubt have hit workcut but for him. . ? . The following are the handicaps: — W. Ford,'' scratch; J. Gill and Mathewson, 2min; J. Gnlviri, 3min osec; 'W/Gill and Avrei, 3min 30see ; E. G, lliller, 3min 45sec ; Nichols, 4min; C. Learning, 4min 30sec; J. Inglis, 4min 40sec ; W. Pousty, Smin 10s»c; R. Row, 5min 15sec; W. Leemiri{f and II. D. 'tFnlker, 5min SOsec : Tfaldron and P. Murray, 6min ; P. Looming, Omin Popular as the 'Safety' bicycle bus become it is said that numbers of English riders are going buck to the ordinary. In connection with this matter, it is interest inc to note that a strong feeling: is setting in in favor of larger hind wheels. The race between Clark and Libtiu— 25 mil«5 for £50 a-side — ?which took place at the Ashfield. Grounds, Sydney on July 7, caused a great amount of excitemont in cycling circles. Tho race was won by Clark owing to Libeau having a terrible fall in the last lap. He fell a few yards from home, when both mon wore going at a torriblo pace, owinc to;somothing givingwnyinhis shoo which caused him to miss his treadle. Lilienu fainted right off after being picked up. His nose and mouth were cut and bleeding and he had also «. cut at th« back to say. Libeau took the lead at the start, making the pace very fnst and was still lending when the sixteenth mile was com pletod. . Clark subsequently took the lead but was afterwards deprived of it by Libeau who held it at the seventieth, seventy-first and right through to the last lap, when the men were close together and it wns evident thnt a close finish would have been wit nessed if Libeau had not came down snch a terrible smash. No timo was tak«n. The second deposit of £20 a-side in the Wiburd v, Libeau match was made good by Mr Lines for Libeau during last week, says a Sydney paper, and though the Now Zenlanderis very stiff and sore now, and quite unable te ctosb his snddlo yet, ho hopes, by the time ho has put in a month on the Bathurst track, whither lie goes to complete his training so as to gat used to the course, he will bo ns nimble as ever again. The match comes off on August la. Wiburd and Clark meet nt Newcastlo in a match for £50 a-sido on Saturday, July 28\. As yet Wiburd has beatnn Clark, though on each occasion the difference was so slight as to make it quite within the bounds of possibility that Clark may re verse the verdict. The Newcastle track is said to be in first-class condition, and both mon are fit and well, nnd will be yet more bo before the day. P. A. Nix, of the Brixton Ramblers, has just accomplished a notable feat. He rode from Ringwood in Hampshire, via Win chester, Guildford. and Ripley, to Bnxtou, 97 miles, in U hours, without a dismount. His machine was a new Rapid. This is the longest ride I have ever heard of without leaving the saddle. A London bicyclist hns painted his bicycle all oyor with luminous paint, and states that tho eifect on a dark night is extra ordinary. If any simple-minded person was to sob this luminous object skimming along tho road on a dark night it would bo quite possible to imagine it a ghost. That time-honored event, the London Bicycle Club's 100 mile rond trial, which has been run annually fnr the past 12 years, took plnco on Whit Monday , Tho start was lnndo just outside King's Lynn at 8 o'clock in tho morning (says an exchange) when six riders sot out. A noticeable foaturo in tho event was thnt tho winnor rodu a Oy-inch ordinary, while most of the others rode geared-up safeties. Medals constitute the prizes, and the first prize, although only nn enamelled modal, is much cherished by winners. Outhisoccasionlhu event was won by S. H. Williams, who covered 100 miles in 7 hours timin ISsoc, which is the record for the distance. Naw York is going to work in earnest on the muds question. An association is being formed to push a bill in the Legislature; and this will include horse men, farmers, nnd wheelsmen. When the roads nro to be improved, horses and bicycles have a common interest ; and tho devotees of each me drawn toward each other. Good work can bo done if tho two pull in- one boat. The safety record has recently been It wns done by Mr P. W. Allard on the Coventry (Eng.) track. 