The Fatal Likeness. CHAPl'KU .YXi— (Ve.tffaui) " Bathur niiurgi-tiu gt-uilomtm these ir/' obrcrvcd tin new comer, a> 1 ho leant over hi prurirato victim, and examined the pocket of his coat for further arms. " Very persuasive argutncuU these," bo coutinuod, drawing forth tho fellow pistol. 'There'® do logic like leaul, and nothing so convincing as gunpowder. What do you make of jour prize, sir?" bo added, as Vernon, following hit example, ransacked ths other foot-pad, and drawing out a large clasp-knifo, held it up to view, "lift, ha, jou havo plucked out ibu soul of hit mjstory— robbed the rob ber of bis sting ; pretty tor that, sir, for a cold ovoning and a dark lane ; what a fascinating blade— long, sharp, and narrow— why, tbo roguoa quito ao epicure in his tools ; it would bo almost a luxury to bo operated upon bj sucb a knife. Holloa ! what hare wo hero?" he cried abruptly, turning in the direction of tho groaning man -still impacted in tho hedge. "This is another of tbo villains shorn my good horse accommodated -ith his present position," rcpliod eginald. \- By Junitcr Tonans, a most safo ml cnviablu bed of thorns. My good iufid, you must permit mo to investi- : ttu tho condition of your arsenal jforo relieving you from your thorny (lemma," cried tho lively stranger, i he approacbod with bis companion tho miserable object in tho licdgo. " How many of there delectablo little playthings mayyou have in the recess of your pockots? Permit mo— permit mo to examine." " Help mo out, and keep your jaw to yourself," groaned the man, enragod at tbo other's procoss of coot extrac tion. " Why, you most ungrateful whelp of Mercury, do yon not sco what pains 1 take to roliovo you ! Pray don't swear. What a very unpleasant grow) tho boast has." "If you had your ribs stove in, you'd growl too, and bod——" "No vulgarity, Mr. Mastiff. Ah. now we come to tho lading. Jmprimit, a knifo. Ah, you are not a connoisseur liko Monsieur tbcro. Imprimit, a knife, iu very ill repute. Item, a bagwith six leaden marbles. You play at knuckle down, 1 sec. Item— pray ho patient." " Are you going to help me out ? " roared tho man indignantly. " Item, a flask of notcnt logic, alias gunpowder. A baa shilling, meant for the gallery of a theatro ; condemn that: a box with a very ancient and fieh-liko smell, and the excrescence of cheese. Faugh I " " Do you hear, — put in my baccy- box, and help a poor devil out of these cur&wl; billows." " Thou art a very poor devil, in deed, in every sense of tho word — and now, friend, I will incontinently help thee forth." "Tbu dovil! — mind what you're pulling!" exclaimed tho fellow, as tbo two rather roughly dragged him from the compact embrace of the hedge. " So hurry, friend growlor," con tinued the spoakcr, as the released captive exerted more physical strength to reach the middlo of tbo road than socmcd necessary. " Don't fatigue yourself. Permit mo just for pre caution's sake to past this handier chief round your wrists." "And allow me," oxclaiuied tho other, as his captor prepared to put iu practice his urbano proposal, as a " matter of precaution, to return the compliment with a tasto of growior's list — take that, with my respects to tbu devil/' and springing quickly aside, he aimed a blow at the other head that, had it taken effect, would, in all probability, have seriously changed tho tono of his opponont s courteous sentiments 5 but ho bad to deal with ono infinitely more agilo in eye and limb than himself, though far inferior in physical develop ment and strength, who almost intuitively anticipated the fellow's re tention, doubled up his body, and by dexterously protruding uis foot, caused his assailant, in tho iinpotonco of his rsgo, to measure his length upon tho ground. " Wo must secure this scoundrel at once," observed Yemen, coming to tho other's assistance, "and fortu nately hero comes a conveyance towards the town, in which wo can deposit tho wholo of them." " Dv tho ghost of facetious Jack," exclaimed his companion, gazing round, as ho sat quietly en tho broad chest of his prostrate adversary, while he slowly twisted up tho tollow's handkerchief, " wo have lost the mon in buckram ' " a fact till that momont unobserved by either, for taking ad vantage of the momont they were ex tricating tho man from the hodgo, tho other two, who bad only boon tem porarily incapacitated, hearing tho approach of wheols, had seized tho opportunity of crawling into the bolter of tho wood, and then instantly took to thoir hcols. ' The earth hath bubbles as the water hath ; and theso aro thorn. Whithor are thoy vanished f " "Into tho wood, no doubt," replied Yeruon; "and it is too dark now to attempt to rocApture them." At this momont, tho arrival of a farmer's cart enabled thorn to deposit tlie captivo in safety at tho bottom, nud in.linlf-anhour more transfer him to tho hands of tho town authorities. The stranger having received a press ing invitation from Rcgiuald to ac- company him to hit inn, and partake of dinner, without unr scruple gladly v ( T»i .»: - and tho decanters replenished, the waiter withdrew, and Vernon, cour tcourdy tirgiDg the wiuoon Ips guc.it, observed— "1 hare not jet adequately expres sed my deen tense of the timely assis tance which you rendered me this eveuing. To your proridontial arrival snd coolness, 1 in all probability owe uiy life." "No thanks, I beseech you, sir; no man deserves commondation for an impulse, or praiso for a lucky accident." "Nay, I must not permit you to shadow a raorit, for, however you may evade tho circumstance, tho per- , formancc retains for me all Its validity, and I must beg you to lay me under a still further obligation, by informing me to whom 1 am indobted." " Augustus Beverly, sir, at your service, commonly called Tom llevorly, and manager of tho Theatre lloyat, llorncaMle." "Well, Mr. Beverly, though my own existence is dark and cheerless, the debt conferred, and my gratitude, are as real ab if uiy lifo were to my self, and to tho world, of value. Therefore, accept my " " I will accent nothing but auothcr glass of this Madeira; ah! there's nothing like your sherries/ ho ex claimed, smacking his lips as he emptied his glass. " Old Jack was a deep thinker ; ' it mounts mo to tho brain, ha ! ha! ha! this is tho poten tiality of life.' Hy-tho-by. air, that rogue in Lincoln Green scorned anxi- oustoclaimyouracquaintance, though, I beg pardon, 1 may bo impertinent, added Beverly, hastily, as he obrerved his host's features assumoan ominous shadow, for as tbo words awakened the recollection of thorobber's speech, a horrible suspicion flashed across his mind for a momont, giving a ghastly and vindictive character to his counten ance; but remembering that the actor's gnzo was fixed on Jiira, Vernon sub dued tho terrible imago that rose to his mind, and composing his features, replied calmly — "Though I know uothing whatever of tho miscreant mysolf, uis words haro woke a cauro of alarm that I must early investigate, for there is just tho possibility that hn may have taken mo for— for — I regret to say, an unworthy rclativo," tbon with an effort waiviog tho subject, ho resumed, in his ordinary voice, " You hare doubtlessscen much of life, Mr. Beverly, in your profession ? " " Truly, sir, wo actors sue lifo fool- ingly, and in ah its phases/' rejoined the guest, readily taking up tho themo offered, whilo inwardly marvel ling at his host's perturbation. " It is the boat academy to make a man an apt scholar." "For all that, sir, it is a very strict school, where the correction kocps m» proportion with tbo rewards ; and I can assure you tho world is often a very bard master, and by no means .chair of his buffets." "let I have hoard your profession praised for its rontentodnoss." "Nor has report beliod us. We area class, as Uamlot says, 'that for tune's buffets and rowanls has ta'en with equal thanks/ and if abstinence is a virtue, tben we are good Catholics, for uo sect keeps Lent more rigorouslv — :t is truly a lenten time with us." " Your good humour and your candour are at least equal.'' "Pshaw, sir! we are above tho petty foibles of class ; sufferaoce is the badge of all our tribe. A garret end au empty stomach havo been tho m-couipanituunt of poots and authors from the time of Olympus to Grub- »!n i t ; and shall actors, who embody tin poet's thoughts, ansutno flnor dis tinctions? No; the poverty of tho one, and the threadbare coat of tho other, hare been tho world's jest for ages. ' And let it laugh; we aro too well seasoned in tho philosophy of contentment to tako exception at tho. mirth that can find an edge in our sufferance." " Have your own fortunes been no relief to tho picture ? " " Not a jot." "There must bo obbs and flows, somo amount of success and failure, to givo a stimulus to all pursuits." "Surely, and with us a good houso is ono, a beggarly account of empty boxes tbo other/' "The game you play with lifo is hardly speculative enough, porliaps, to bnug iu great rewards, or raiso oxeca- sivo hopes." " For my own part, sir, I noror in dulged in high flights of fancy, but was content to stand aloof and nibblo at fortune from a distance." "Nibblo!" "Faith, sir, 1 haro bean nibbiiogall my life ; my entire existence has boon a long round of nibbling. \Vboneror I believed myself blessed with a bite, nud struck my lino in tho hope of striking a fish, it has prorod a delu sion, and l hare -brought up a weed, lost tho bait of my prospect, and broken the hook of my spirit in angling after a paltry rush." "Then you acknowledge yourself a bad fishorman? " \ " Very honestly 1 do ; for though, figuratively, 1 uavo had thu finest weather, tho most abundant streams, been tantalised with over/ prospect of success, I novcr yet eoioyed the felicity of netting my reward, or. land ing the prize." " Auu you have resignod tho sport in despair r" . " Trust me, no; I will never give it up. 1 feel that with a now rod and better tackle— in othor words, undor better auspices— I shall yot succeed." (to uk coktitfdsd.) 