CLIPPINGS IdROM THE WEEKLIES. (''Auln'" in the A ustralasia,.) I heard a ghost story the other day, and as there is no moral to it I reproduce it. "It must be nearly 20 years ago when I had my only ghost experience, which was not mouch of a one," hlie began, " anst I do not mind telling you about it. I merely premise that there was no liquor in the camIp, I was in my usual health, and I did not believe in ghosts, and don't now. I had been out a long way west of Rockhampton with some sheep, and was coining back with the horses antd a couple of men. We camped one even ing near an old sheep-yard. In the middle of the night I awoke. I felt no mysterious promptings or unearthly sensations of any kind; I was merely thirsty. I took the billy, and started for the creek, which was the other side of the yard. It was a clear, bright, moonlight night, withi a full moon overlihe d. As I caiime out of the timber into the open space of the sheep-yard Isawa man dressed as an ordinary bushman, crossing the yard at the other end. I saw him as ilia. tinctly as I see you now. I was surprised to see anybody there, but felt no other sensa tion ; and wishing to know what he was about I called out to him to stop. He took no notice, liut kepton his way. Determined not to be baulked, I ran diagonally across to intercept him before he got to the creek. I ran pretty well in those days, and though I felt my feet sink at every step in the soft staff in the yard, I knew that I must have overtaken him. To my intense surprise, when I reached the point where my course would have cut his, there was no man in sight, although I could. see around tme it every direction for a hundred yards. You will say that lie might have got into the creek timber; so he might. But in an old sheepyard you can almost track a masluito, and my footprints were as easily seen in the moonlight as if it had been broad day. I I made a careful search, but no trace or sign of human foot could I see. I was astoundedl at this, but could do no more, and went back to caiup, where I found oa y two men sleep. ing.. Il the morning I related what had happened, and.lone of the men sail at once, "you havesseen- ! This place is known as ' Murdering hut,' because a hut-keeper killed the shepherd. here some years ago." We made further search by day, but though any one of us could follow a trail almost like a blackfellonv, we discovered no camp, or footprint, or trace of.any person but our selves. That's all ; it is not much., I have no theory-I don't' account for, anything. You can believe what yon please.". Bob and Jim could not come in to tlhe station for the Christmas festivities, but re solved to content themselves with a drop of home-brewed sugar-beer. Bob made this accordingly, and they drank each other's healths in friendly Christmas fashion. A few days afterwards an old mantedropped in. and duly offered a drop of the brew. He tasted it, nod making a wry face, asked-" Is it not rather fishy !'; Fishy be Iblowed," retorted the irritated brewer ; just see meputa hilly ful away," and he began'emptying the demi. john, when, to the horror of all concerned, a dtead snake, which Bob had unwittingly boiled alive in hisdecootion, fell out. Since Marryat's sailor "tapped the admiral" no liquor has been found to have more body in it than this, and now out West they call ru?ar-leer " Bob's snake-juice." The chief had accepted another position, and had been absent fromn his colony for some time, when his new ditties took him along the coast in one of the great ocean steamers. As lihe lay in the Iharbour of the principal seaport, and gazed on the well remembered scenes,i a longing seized him to go on shore and see his old friends and the old places once more, annd visit again the courthouse that had so often echoed to his jndicial eloquence. But, alas, there was some infections disease oil board; and he was told that if lie went nohore he wouhl be put into quarantine. This was very annoy. ing, and the learned judge inquired how long the detention would be? ."Fourteen days," was the answer. " Dear me," Ie replied, " fourteen days is a long, a very lots, time ;" when a rough voice interrupted, " Why, gov'uor, you giu' me fourteen years, and thought nothing of it." ("Atticns" in the Leader.) That £1000 entrance fee for memberas of the Stock Exchange should be a guarantee for respectability that the most sceptical would respect. It is not so. however. 'I meta mnani yesterday who had the daring to doubt one of the high priests who serve in the great temple sf Collius-street. His complaint was that he Ihad given a broker the sale of a few hundred of pounds' worth of shares. He fixed a certain price at which the shares were to he let go over which he did not. wish to hold. On Mfondlay the shares were tip to and well over the reserve, and on Tuesday he called on his broker for his cheque. But there was no chequte forth coming. " It was a rising market," was the explanation, "inid they irould have been sacrificed if I let them go at your figure." " But bother yon"-a much stronger word twas really used. " I told you to sell at a certain price. You could have got that yesterday when l'd have netted a couple of hundred. To-day there is a tumble, and I'd Ibarely clear myself if I sold. , Why the D-ickens didn't you do as you uere told ?" Tie broker had no excuse except what he had given, and my righteously blasphemous frienls furnished this reason to me-" You seace," said lie,, "if the Blessed little Beggar held till the price ran up to so and so-as they appeared likely to do-there would lihive been ia profit of £400. But would I have got it? No6 jolly.:fear'r Hetd have handed tme the price I fixed myself, less some £15 for Iis own commission, and he'd have pocketed the balance., 'Talk of hook. makers skinning the lainh ! I'll bs:k the Irokers against the whole crowd, and give them long odds ! It pained ne to hear a manl doubting the honesty of a broker who had paid such a sun as £1000 as a proof of his respectability. At the same time I had to admit the possibility of his being right. The Gounrlay case eontiiins a moral that oreu criminal classes will not be'slow to tatke to Iheart. Pllaiuly put it mieans that safety lies in plundering a iman of his whole subshtance, bat if anything is left by a care less or gool sntuiredt thief arrest ansd punsish sment sniy folls'. ?Itwas ecrtainlytunlucky for the Itnrglars that they shoult have had for their confederate swomant so regardless of appearances .as to dressa heorself in the miorning withoit pittitig on thIe Hottentot VX'as appeiidde; whriich Ir etonsideied to give the flitisling touch'to thei toilet. Un t the careleassnels of wetiosn is compensated forby the carefulness of iman. One of the thievep is unler arrest int Eigl:ind; £200 worthlf the stolen propertyis recovered. All tliantis neededin the ,interests of justice is1 to have) the 'man brought here, sent to gaol and. the jenellery returned to its owner. " But who is to& brilng hIim here?" asks otficoahlom with a uervous finger on the stringt of tlie 'Statti' panrso' ad' a plainfiu anxiety to navoid creatilng that red tape hlighear, a precedent. If the country were polled fromt one end to the other the same answer would ibe given. The State that com pels people to pay f6r protection whether they like it or not shioult bring this man with hIis swag of stolen property back asl sooi compensate thie unfortunate burgled citizen for his loss to some slight extent. This, I regret to say, is not the view taken by the careful Minister. He saysthat if Mr Contrlay will spendc £700-itn addition to sis previous loss of £1000--he will do his best to get lim back £200 Th'Iis was the serious answer of ai Minister of the Crown in reply to a taxpay)ing citizen's c demand far aimsple justice land was uot itltended for a joke. When tlhis was meant as serious what a ullastly thing a joke of Ihr Deakin's would he ! I can undestsand oljections to hi. I'astenr's " chicken cho'era" cure of the rabbit nuisance on the score of possible ,langer to the flocks atid herds of the colony tlr even to hualan life, but I can have no symnpathly ith thile horror that some people profess to feel at the crueltylind treachery of tihe idea. iThe lralbits are an admitted ,.vi. They are legislated against in all the Australian colonies asil pursued sith all the iarts man is capabile of. It is poisoned, smllothercl wstih smocke asl noxious fumes in its Ihlrrows, trapped, shot, hunted with ,lags, cats, anli weaselss; nul a day hardly ever passes sithiout ,soime new sacheme being nrpopsed to get rid of it. 'People who octually think it wicked to get rid of the rabbit by airtificially creating a disease, twould have not objection to destroy house hold vermin by means of insecticide, scatter ing salt on garden slugs, or dipping sheep to cure scab. We want to kill every rabbit in the country, and the quicker and more certain the work of destruction the more sterciful wse shold be. People who object to any plan for getting ridt of the fest on the aeore of cruelty aniu treachery never had an interest in an infected sheep ran. 