OUR STORY. if. THE GHOST'S VIOLIN. MARL Kafitz had spent six years on 4v tbe method of counter-point, and *Mr had studied Haydn, Gluck, Mozart. Beethoven, and Rossini. He I enjoyed excellent health and easy circum; stances, - which permitted him to follow | his artistic career. In a word, he pos\x=req-\ i sessed all that & necessary for composing grand and beautiful music, except one little thing that is indispensable—inspira\x=req-\ tion. Erery day, fall of noble ardoar, he carried to his worthy master, Albert Kilian, long, melodious compositions, every note of which, alas, reminded one of Peter, Jack, or Christopher. Blaster Albert, seated in his great armchair, his feet on the andiron, his elbow on the corner of the table, would smoke his pipe and apply himself to cancelling, one after another, the remarkable discoveries of his pupils. Karl, weeping with rage, would contest the point, but the old master would calmly open one of his innumerable music-books, and say, with his finger on the passage, *' Look boy !" Then Karl would hang his head and despair of tlie future. But one fine day, when he had presented under his name a Fantasy of Bac cherini, with variations from Viotti, his good-natured master lost his patience for once. "Karl," he cried, "do you take me sot a fool ? Do you think me ignorant of your mean pilfering ? This is really too much !" And, perceiving Karl's dismay at this unexpected outburst, he continued : 11 Listen. I willingly admit that you are the dupe of your memory ; that your plagiarism is unconscious. But-you are decidedly becoming too stout; you drink wine too generously ; and, above all, your beer is of too indeterminate a quantity. Now, such indulgence closes the avenues of your intellect. You must grow thin." " Grow thin!" " Fes, or renounce music. You are not wanting in knowledge, but you-lack a theme. That's the whole trouble. If you spend your life coating the strings of your violin with a layer of "fat, how can they vibrate ?" These Words of Master Albert came like a flash of light to Kafitz. "No sacrifice shall be too great for me!" he cried, "since matter oppresses my soul I am resolved to grow thin." His features expressed so much of heroism in that moment that Master Al- ; bert was deeply' touched. Be embraced his dear pupil and wished Mm the best of : fortune. Early the next day, Karl Kafitz, with a knapsack on his shoulder and a staff in his hand, quitted the hotel of the Three j Pigeons to undertake a long journey. He directed his steps towards Switzerland. Unfortunately, at the end of sis months his stoutness was considerably reduced, without his gaining any inspiration whatever. "(Jan anyone be more unhappy than j 11" he wondered; " Neither fasting nor i plenty, neither water, nor wine, nor beer, ! can make my soul rise to the pitch of the | sublime. IVhat have I done to deserve so sad a fate ! While a crowd of fools pro- ! duce remarkable works, I, with all my skill, all my labour( all my courage, I alone accomplish nothing. Ah, Heaven ib not just; no, that it is not r While grumbling in this fashion he followed the road from Bruck to Fribourg. Night was approaching, and as Kafitz dragged hia tired feet along, he felt as. if he must fall with fatigue. At that moment he saw in the moonlight an old ruined house, half-hidden amongst the trees on the other side of the road. The roof was low and sloping, the door off its hinges, the window panes broken, and the chimney in ruins. 'Tall briars and nettles, tangled together, grew everywhere, " and the dormer window scarcely rose above the heath of the up- i land, where the wind was blowing strong enough to break the horns of au ox. At the same time Karl saw through the dim- j ness the branch of a fir tree waving above i the door. j "Come," said he to himself, " the inn : isn't beautiful; in fact, its. rather sinister ; but we musn't judge things by appearances." And without hesitation he knocked at i thp door with his staff. • j 1 • I " Who is there ? What do you want ?" shouted a rough voice from within. " Shelter and food." " Ah, ha! very good !" The door opened abruptly, and Karl found himself in the presence of a vigorous-looking man, hia face square-cut, his eyes gray; -his coat was opt at elbow. In his hand' was an axe.' . Behind this persoaage burned the fire on the hearth, lighting up the entrance to a loft, the steps of a wooden staircase, the mouldering walls, and the figure of a pale, delicate, young girl, clad in a dingy gown of cotton. She looked towards the door with a kindof terror. Her black eyes had an expression of sorrow and of undefinable wandering. ' Earl saw all this at one glance, and instinctively grasped his staff tighter. "Well, yon may come in," said the man ; "this is not the weather to keep people out of doors." Then Earl, thinking it would be bad policy to have a frightened air, advanced to the centre of the hut, and seated himself on a stool before the hearth. "Give me your stall and knapsack," said the man. At this, Master Albert's pupil trembled in every limb;jbutthe knapsack was unbuckled, the staff placed in a corner, and the host calmly seated near ithe fireside before he had recovered from his sutprise. This circumstance tranquillized him somewhat. "Mr. Innkeeper," said he, with a smile, " I would not object to eating my supper." " What does Monsieur desire for sapper V asked the other gravely. " A ham omelette, a jug of vine, and some cheese." " Ho ! ho ! ho ! Monsieur is provided with an excellent appetite, but our provisions are -exhausted." ■" Exhausted ?" "Yes." " All ?" " All." " You have no cheese ?" «' No." " No butter ¥' " No." 4* No bread ? No milt ?" " No." " But, good heavens, what have you, then ?" " Some potatoes baking under the ashes." At the same; moment Karl spied in the shadow, on the steps of the staircase, a whole regiment of hens—white, black, and red, all asleep: " But," said Kafitz, pointing to them, " you must have eggs ?" " We carried them this morning to market at Bruek." *' Oh ! Well, then, cost what it may, put a hen on the spit." Scarcely had he uttered these words when the pale girl, her locks dishevelled, rushed between liim and the staircase ciying: ! " Let- no one dare to' touch my hens, j Ah, let the creatureB of the good God live !" There was something so terrible in the aspect of this unfortunate being, that Ka\x=req-\ fitz hastenedto reply : " No, no ; we will not kill them. Here are potatoes. I will devote myself to potatoes and stay with yon. At this moment my vocation as- j eutnes a definite form. Here I shall re- j main three months—six months, in short, 1 the time necessary for becoming thin as a fakir J". He spoke with a singular animation, and his host cried to the pale young girl— "Geneveve! Geneveve! look! the spirit possesses him as it did the other!" j At this the cold wind without redoubled its violence, the fire whirled on the hearth and writhed tothe ceiling amid a cloud j of gray smoke:; the hens, in this unsteady light, seemed to dance on the steps of the staircase, and & half-witted girl sang in a j piercing voice a strange old air, while the ! log of green wood, weeping in the midst | of the fire, accompanied her with its plain- j tive sighs. Kafitz concluded that he had fallen into I the haunt of the sorcerer Hecker. He i devoured two potatoes, raised the great red jar of water and drank deeply. Then he regained his composure. He found that the girl had departed, and that the man alone remained before the hearth. "Mr. Innkeeper," he re-commenced, " show me the way to bed." His host thereupon lit a lamp and j slowly ascended the worm-eaten staircaBe. He pushed up a heavy trap-door with his - gray head, and admitted Karl to the loft under the thatched roof. "That is your .bed," said he, while depositing the lamp on the floor. Sleep well, and, above all, be careful with the fire !" Then he descended, and Kafitz remained alone, bending thoughtfully by the side of a large mattress of straw, covered by a sack of feathers. He mused for some time, wondering whether it would be prudent to sleep, for the physiognomy of the old man seemed very sinister;;■ while thinking of those clear grey eyes, those bluish lips surrounded by deep wrinkles, that iarge bony forehead and yellowish complexion, he suddenly remembered that on the Goldehberg three men had been hanged, and that the face of one of them strangely resembled that of his host. He, too, had had these cavernous eyes, he also had been out at the elbows, while th£ great toe of his left foot had protruded from the shoe shrunken and cracked by the rain. ! He remembered also that this wretched j being, Melchoir by name, had formerly been something of a musician, and that they had hung him for having murdered with his pitcher the innkeeper of the Golden Sheep, who had demanded of him the conventional half-crown. The muBtc of this poor devil had profoundly moved him. It was fantastic and original, and the pupil of Master Albert envied the vagrant. But in that moment the appearance of the body on the gallows rose beforehis mind with perfect distinct-. ness, and he heard once more the fluttering of his rags in the night wind and saw i the ravenB flying around the gibbet with | ravenous cries. He felt himself tremble, [ and his terror, was greatly increased when j he found at the bottom of the loft, againt i the wall, a violiu surmounted by two | withered palms. ! Then he would have fled, but at the same instant the rough voice of his host struck upon his ear. " Put out the light!" he cried. " Get into bed. I told you to be careful with the fire." These words sent a thrill through Karl's terror-stricken heart. He stretched himself on the straw and blew out the light. All became still in the hut. Karl listened to the moaning of the wind, to the night-birds calling to one another in the darkness, and to the mice running over the worm-eaten floor, until at last, notwithstanding his resolution not to close an eye, he fell fast asleep when it was nearly morning. Suddenly a sob, bitter, poignant, and full of anguish, waked him with a start. A cold s weat covered his face. He looked and saw ■ in the corner of the room the crouching figure of a man. It was Melchoir, who was hanged. His black hair fell about his emaciated body; his neck and chest were bare. ■ So horribly thin waB he that one might have thought him the skeleton of a gigantic locust. A beautiful moonbeam, entering by the little skylight, shone softly on him with a bluish gleam and lit up the large cobwebs hanging around. With vide open eyes and lips apart, Hafitz silently gazed upon this weird being as one might gaze on death when the last hour had come. Suddenly the skeleton stretched out his long withered hand and snatched the violin from the wall. He supported it against his shoulder ; then; after a mo-' ment of silence, he began to play. There were notes as funereal as the sound of the earth falling on the coffin of a well-beloved being; solemn as the thunder of cascades dragged along by the echoes ef the mountains; majestic as the great gusts of autumn wind in the midst of sonorous forests ; and sometimes sad, sad as incurable despair. Then, amid these passionate sobs, he played a seng that was light, silveiy, and sweet, like the! song of a band of gay goldfinches fluttering over the flowery thickets. These dainty trills went whirling along with an ineffable trembling of carelessness and joy, and then, as if frightened by the [ waltz, flew suddenly away, palpitating, i distracted, mad. Love, joy, and- despair j all sang, all Wept, and rushed pell mell j from under the vibrant bow. i And Karl, notwithstanding his un\x=req-\ | speakable terror, stretched forth his arms : and cried, " O great, great, great artist 1 O sublime geuius ! Ah, how I pity your sad fate ! To be liung for baring killed that brutal innkeeper who did not know one note of music. To wander through the forest in the moonlight—to have no longer & body, and yet so beautiful a talent. O God !" . But as he thus cried aloud, the rough voice from below interrupted him. j " Halloo, upstairs there ! Have you ■ finished talking at last ? Are you sick 1 or is the house on fire ?" And the wooden steps creaked under a heavy tread, a bright glow illuminated the cracks in the trapdoor, which opened by a shoulder thrust, letting the innkeeper appear. " Ah, Mr. Innkeeper, Mr. Innkeeper," cried Hafitz, " what does all this mean ? ; At 6rat celestial music wakes me and j transports my soul to the in visible spheres j —then behold, how -all has vanished like : a dreatn." • The face of the host became thoughtful at once. " Yes, yes," he murmured, , dreamly, '' Mechoir has come again to disturb our slumber ; then he will always ; return! Our rest is now lost. Never: again can we think of Bleeping. But come, comrade, get up and smoke a pipe with me." . Karl did not wait to be begged ; he was only too anxious to go. But when he came below, finding that day was yet distant, he sat long, very long, with his head between his hands, his. elbows on his knees, plunged in an abyss of melancholy thoughts. The innkeeper rekindled the fire, and ! then took his former seat, the broken j chair at .the hearth, and smoked in silence. | At last the grey morning appeared, and j showed in faintly through the dull little , windows. The cock crew, and the hens began to hop from step to step. I " How much do I owe you V asked Karl, while buckling his knapsack on his | shoulders and taking liie staff. " You owe us a prayer at the chapel of St. Blaise," said the man in a strange tone ; "a prayer for the soul of my son Melchoir who was hanged, and another for that of his betrothed, Genevieve, who is crazed!" " Is that all ?" " That is all." " Then farewelL I shall not forget." In fact, the first tiling that Karl did on arriving at Fribourg was to pray fervently for the poor vagrant, and for her whom he had loved. Then he soaght his favourite inn, sprgad out his music paper on the table, and calling for a bottle of Rikevri, wrote at the bead of the first sheet of paper, " The "Violin of One Who Was Banged," and composed, during one sitting, his first only origiual composition. —' From the French of Erckman Cha\x=req-\ trian.' 