WEDDING RINGS Of all the ornaments with which vanity superstition, and affection have decoratedd the human form, few have more curious bits of histoiy than the finger ring. From the earliest times the ring has been a favourite ornament, and its popularity must be in large measure due to its convenience. The uses of the finger ring have been many and diverse. Originally purely for ornament it became a signet for kings and a warrent for their messengers;to civil officers it was an emblem of office and to ecclesiastics a in dispensible portion of the episcopal costume It was once worn by physicians to prevent cantagion and by patients to cure disease, the timorous wore it as a charm against evil spirits and the ambitious clung to it as a talisman, giving the wearer success over his enemies But as a love token and a symbol of marriage the use of the ring is so general , and of so long standing, as to dwarf into insignificance its employment in all other directions. At waht period it came into play as a re cognised factor in the marriage cermony it is impossible to say The Hebrews used it in very early ages and probably borrowed the custom from the Egyptians , among whom the wedding ring was known. In the East where the popular estimate of woman is low the use of the wedding ring has not been common, though occasionally the favourite wife of an Oriental monarch would receive from her mster a ring as a mark of his favour. The conclusion, therefore is safe that, with the increase of respect for the insititution of marriage, came also in creased respect for the use of the ring as a token of the alliance. During a part of the middle ages this respect showed itself in a peculiar way, custom demanding that the wedding ring should cost as much as the bridgroom could afford to pay and there are records in Germany and France during the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries of many large investments made in this direc tion by grooms eager to conciliate their brides and be in fashion. THe revulsion made the ring we have now a plain gold circlet, though, by a compromise the may be as costly is fancy dictates or means permit. The materials of which wedding rings have been composed of are as diverse as teh nations which have used the ring. The British Museum has rings of bone and of hard wood found in the Swiss lake. On one of the bone rings is traced a heart giving antiquaries reason to believe that the ring was a pledge of affection if not a wedding ring The same museum has rings from all parts of the of bone, ivory, copper brass, lead, tin, iron, silver, gold and some of a composite of several of these metals. When the ring was not plain precious stones of some kind constituted the settings, and when the selection of the stone was in question, the dominance of fashion was ab solute In the fourteenth Centyr a fanci ful Italian writer on the mystic arts set forth the virtues of the various gems indi cating also the month in which it was proper to wear particular stones in order to secure the best result. The idea took and for some time it was the fashion in several Italian cities to have the precious stone of the ring determined by the month in which the bride was born. If in January the stone was a garnet, believed to have the power of winning the wearer friends wherever she went. If in February the ring was set with an amethyst which not only promoted in her the quality of sincerity, but protected her from poison and slanderous tongues. The bloodstone was for March making her wise, and enabling her with patience to bear domestic cares; the dia mond for April, keeping her heart inno cent and pure so long as she wore the gem. An emerald for May made her a happy wife, while an agate for June gave her health and protection from fairies and ghosts. If born in July the stone was ruby which tended to keep her free from jealousy of her husband , while in August, the sardonyx made her happy in the maternal relation. In Sep tember a sapphire was the proper stone, it preventing quarrals between the wedded pair, in October, a carbuncle was chosen to promote her love of home. The November born bride wore a topaz, it having the gift of making her truthful and obedient to her husband; while in December, the turquoise insured her faithfulness. Among the Ger- man country folk, the last-named stone is to the present day used as a setting for the betrothal ring, and so long as it retains its colour it is believed to indicate the con- stancy of the wearers. From Italy this fanciful notion spread to France, and French bridegrooms would sometimes insure themselves against a bad matrimonial bargain, and, as far as they could, guarantee to their brides a variety of good qualities by presenting twelvo rings, one for each month, with occasionally one or two extra as special charms. However, this extravagance in the number of rings used at weddings is not a solitary instance, for the use of several rings at the marriage ceremony has often been known. Four rings could not keep Mary Stuart faithful to Darnley ; and the annals of European Courts record many instances similar, both as to the rings and to the result. The Greek Church uses two rings, one of gold, the other of silver; while in some districts of Spain and Portugal three rings are placed, one at a time, on the fingers of the bride, as the words " In the name of tho Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost" are pro- nounced. Fashion has also determined not only the style of the wedding ring, but the finger on which it is to be worn, and so capriciously has custom varied that the symbol of matrimony has travelled from the thumb to the fourth finger, where it now reposes. In the time of Elizabeth it was customary, both in England and on the Continent, for ladies to wear rings on the thumb, and several of her rings, now shown in the British Museum, from' their size, must have been thumb ringsB. An English work on etiquette, published in 1732, says it is for the bride to choose on which finger the wedding ring shall be placed. It further states that some prefer the thumb, since it is the strongest and most important member of the hand ; others, the index finger, because at its base lies the mount of Jupiter, indicating the noble aspirations ; others, the middle finger, because it is the longest of the four ; and others, again, the fourth finger, because a "vein proceeds from it to the heart." The "British Apollo," however, decides the proper place for the ring to be the fourth finger, not because it is nearer the heart than the others, but because on it the ling is less liable to injury. The same authority prefers the left hand to the right. The right hand is the emblem of authority, the left of submission, and the position of the. ring on the left hand of the bride indicates her subjection to her husband. A curious exception to the rule placing the ring on tho left hand is, however,, seen in the usage of the Greek Church, which puts the ring on the right hand. > As the symbol of matrimony, it is not'' strange that many of the superstitious, fancies which have arisen in connection with the wedding should cluster about the ring. Dreaming on a bit of wedding-cake is common among young ladies, but they should be informed that, for the dreaming to be properly done, the piece of cake thus brought into service should be passed through the wedding ring. The Russian peasantry not _ only invest the cake with wonderful qualities by touching it with the ring used in the ceremony, but deem that water in which the rings have been dipped has certain curious beneficial properties. In parts of Ireland there is a current belief that an ring of gold must beo used, and jewel- lers in the country towns not infrequently hire gold rings to peasants, to be returned after the ceremony. Blessing the ring gives it no small share of sanctity, and old missals contain explicit, directions as to the manner in which this ceremony must be curried out. Jn the Church service, as performed in tho villages of England, the ring is frequently placed in the missal, the practice being, no doubt, a relic of the blessing once thought indis- pensable. The German peasant women continue to wear the wedding ring of the first husband even after a second marriage,.' and a recent book of German travels men- tions a peasant wearng at one time the wedding rings of four "late lamentals." An instance in known of a woman of German birth, who, after the death of her husband in a Western State, had the mis- fortune to lose her ring. She at once bought another, had it blessed, and wore' it instead of the former, deeming it unlucky to bo without a wedding ring. Among the same class of people stealing a wedding ring is thought to bring evil on the thief, while breaking the emblem of marriage is a sure sign of speedy death to one or both of tho contracting parties. 