THE NOVELIST. THIS MORTAL COIL.* Br Grast Allfx. Ci\Arrrn XXXVIII. 01! >T CU WOMAN. She sr-'ike with such concentrated force of conviction that, absurd and incredible as he knew it to be—for had he not seen Elsie's own crave that day at Orfordness ?—Hugh rushed over to the window in a fever of sudden suspense and anxiety, and gazed across the street to the exact spot where Winifred's ghost-like finger pointed eagerly to 6ome person or thine on the pavement opposite. He was almost loo late, however, to prove her wrong. As he neared the window, he caught but a glimpse of a grace ful figure in light hali- monrning—like Elsie's, to be sure, in general outline, though dis tinctly a trifle older and fuller—disappearing in haste round the corner by the pharmacy. The figure gave him none the less a shock oi surprise. It was certainly a very strange and awkward coincidence. He hadn't been in time to catch the face, indeed, as Winifred had done ; but the figure alone, the figure re called every trait ot Elsie s. How singular, after Winifred had come to San Remo with this profound belief in Elsie's living there, that on the very first day of their stay in the town they should h-ppen to light by pure accident upon a person so closely recalling Elsie! Surely, surely the stars in their courses were fighting against him. W arren Relf could not be blamed for this. It was destiny, destiny, sheer adverse destiny. Accidental resem blances and horrid coincidences were falling together blindly with unconscious cunning, on purpose, as it were, to spite and disconcert him. The laws of chance were setting them selves by the ears for his special discomfiture. No ordinary calculation could account for this. It had in it something almost super natural. He glanced at Winifred. She stood triumphant there—triumphant, but heart broken—exulting over his defeat with one dying "I told you bo," and chuckling out inarticulately in her thin small voice, " That's she! That's Elsie 1" "It's very like her!" he moaned in his •gony. "Very like her!" Winifred cried with a fresh burst of unnatural strength. "Very like her, you hypocrite ! Oh, Hugh, I despise you ! I tell you I saw her face to face 1 It's Elsie! It's Elsie!" A picture sometimes darts across one's eye for a brief moment, and remains vaguely photographed for a space on the retina, but uninterpreted by the brain, till it grows, as we dwell upon it mentally afterward, ever clearer and clearer, and at last with a burst Hashes its real significance fnlly home to us in a flood of conviction. As Hugh stood there, absorbed, by the half-open window, the picture he had caught of that slight lithe figure sweeping round the corner with Elsie's well-known gait came home to him thus with a sudden rush ot indubitable certainty. He no longer hesitated. He saw it was bo. He knew her now ■ It was Elsie ! Eteie! His brain reeled and whirled with the un expected shock. The universe turned rouud on him as on a pivot " Winifred," he cried, "you're right! you're right! There can't be anybody else on earth so like her ! I don't know how she's come back to life! She's dead and buried at OrfordneBS! It*B a miracle, a miracle ! But that's she that we saw ! That's ehe ! That's Elsie I" His hat lay thrown down on the table by bis side He snatched it np in bis eager haste to follow and track down this mysterious resemblance He couldn't let Elsie's double, her bodily simulacram, walk down the street unnoticed and unquestioned. ' A profound horror possessed bis .Bonk A j doubter by nature, he 6eemed to feel the solid earth failing beneath his feet He had never before in all his life drawn so perilously close to the very verge and margin of the unseen universe. It was Elsie herself, or else .... the grave had yielded np ite shadowy occupant. He rushed to the door, on fire with his Bense of mystery and astonishment A loud laugh by his aide held him back as he went He turned ronnd. It was Winifred, laugh ing, choking, exultant, hysterical. She bad flung herself down on the sofa now, and was catching her breath in spasmodic bursts with unnatural merriment. That was the awful kind of laughter that bodes no good to thoBe who laugh it—hollow, horrible, mocking, 'elusive. Hugh Baw at a glance she was dangerously ill. Her mirth was the mirth of mania and worse With a burning 6onl and a chaGng heart he tamed back, as in doty bound, to her side again. He naust leave Elsie's wraith to walk by itself, unexplained and uninvestigated, its ghostly way down the streets of San Remo. He had more than enough to do at heme. Winifred was dying! . . . dying of laughter. And yet her laugh seemed almost hilarious. It had a ghastly ring of victory and boisterous joy in it. "Oh, Hugh," ehe cried, with little choking chuckles, in the intervals of her peals, "you're too absurd ! you'll kill me! you'll kill me ! . . . I can't help laugh ing 1 It's so ridiculous. . , . You tell me one minnte with solemn oatbB and in genious lies, you've seen her grave—you pull long faces till you almost force me to believe you—you positively cry and moan and groan over her; and then the next second, when she passes the window before my very eyes, aiive and well, and in her right mind, yon seize your hat, you want to rush oat and find her and embrace her—here, thiB moment, right under my face—and leave me atone to die by myself, witbont one soul on earth to wait uponi roe. or help me !" Her emotion Bnppliea bier with words and images above her own lpvel. " It's just grotesque," she went on, iiter a pause. "It's inhuman in its absurdity- Wicked as yon are, and shameless |ub you are, it's impossible for any one to take you Beriouely. . . You're the living embodiment of a little, inconsequent, meddling,muddling, mischief-making, mediae val devil. Jjon're a burlesque Mephistopheles. You're gojjmo soul and you've got no feelings. Bat you mSe me laugh ! Oh, you make me laugh! You've broken my beart: but you'll be the deaffcef mf, , . , Puck and Don loan tollfA^into one! « • • • Elsie 6 dead! Why there's dear Elsie 1' . . . . It's loo incongruous. Its too ridiculous. * id ihC jexp'oded once more in a hideous tobljSldeW rollicking laughter, "1 at her blankly, sobered with it ot publishing this work bat been pur '—>prletoi» ot " Xhe Australasian^ alarm. Was she goine mad ? or was he mad himself? that he should see visions, and meet dead Elsie? Could it really be Elsie? He had heard strange stories of appearances and second sight, such as mystics among us love to dwell upon ; and in all of them the appearances were close')" connected with death • bed scenes. Could any truth lurk after all in those discredited tales? Couiti_EIsie]s wraith have come to prepare him for Winifred's funeral ? Or did Winifred's dying mind, by I 6ome strange alchemy, project, as it were, an | image oi Elsie, who filled her soul, on to biB j own eye and brain as he sat there beside her? He brushed away these metaphysical cob webs with a dash of bis hand. Fool that he j was to be led away thus by a mere accidental i coincidence or resemblance ! He was tired | with sleeplessness. Emotion had unmanned him. Winifred's langh dissolved itself into tears, ifhe broke down now, hysterically, utterly. She 6obbed and moaned in agony on the sofa. Deep sighs and loud laughter alternated hor ribly in her 6torm of emotion. The worst had come She was dangeronsly ill. Hugh feared in his heart she was on the point of d^in& „ , , " Go. 6he bnrst out, in one spasmodic effort, thrusting him away from her side with the palm of her open hand. " I don't want yon here Go ... go ... to Elsie I can die now. I've found yon all out You're both of yon alike You've both of you de ceived me" Hugh rang the bell wildly for the Swiss waiter. " Send the chambermaid !" he cried in bis broken Italian. " The patroness ! A lady! The eignora is ill. No time to be lost I must ran at once and find the English doctor." When Winifred looked around her again, j she fonnd two or three strange faces crowded beside tbe bed on which they had laid her, and a fresh yonng Italian girl, the landlady's daughter, holding her bead and bathing ber brows with that universal specific, orange flower water. The faint perfume revived her a little The landlady's daughter was a comely girl, with sympathetic eyes, and she smiled the winsome Italian smile as the poor pale child opened her lids and looked vaguely up at her. " Don't cry, signorina," she said, soothingly. Then her glance fell, womanlike, upon the plain gold ring on Winifred's thin and wasted fourth finger, and she corrected herself half unconsciously. " Don't cry, 6ignora. Your husband will soon be lock by your side ; he's gone to fetch tbe English doctor." " I don't want him," Winifred cried, with intense yearning, in her boarding- school French, for she knew barely enough Italian to understand her new little friend. " I don't want my husband. I want Elsie. Keep him away from me, keep him away, I pray. Hold my hand yourself, and send away my husband ! Jr. tie Taime pas, cet iiomme— IdI" and she bnrst once more into a discor dant peal of hysterical laughter. "The poor signora!" tbe girl murmured, with wide open eyes, to tbe others around. " Her husband is cruel. Ah, wicked wretch ! hear what she says. She says she doesn't want any more to see him. She wants her sister." As she spoke a white face appeared sud denly at (he door—a bearded man'6 face, silent and sympathetic Warren Relf bad heard the commotion downstairs from his room above, and had seen Maasinger rash in hot haste for the doctor. He had come down now with eager inquiry for poor wasted Wini fred, whose face and figure had impressed him much as be saw ber borne ont by the porters at tbe railway station. "Is the signora very ill?" he asked in a low voice of the nearest woman. "She speaks no Italian, I fear. Can I be of any use to her f' "Eceo! 'tis Signor Relf, the English artist!" the women cried, in Bnrprise, tor all San Remo knew Warren well as an old inhabitant "Come in, 6ignor," she con tinned, with Italian frankness, far bedrooms in Italy are less sacred than in England; "yon know the signora? She is ill—very ill —Ate la faint—she is dying." At the name Winifred turned ber eyes lan guidly to the door and raised herself, still dressed in her travelling dress, on ber elbows" on the bed. She yearned for sympathy. If only she conld fling herself on Elsie's abonlder? Elsie, who had wronged ber, would at least pity her. "Mr. Relf," she cried, too weak to be surprised, bnt glad to welcome a fellow-countryman and acquaintance among bo many strangers—and with Hugh himself worse than a stranger—"I'm going to die, but I want to speak to you. Yon know the trnth. Tell me abont Elsie, Why did Elsie Challoner deceive me ?" " Deceive you!" Warren answered, drawing nearer in his horror, "She didn't deceive yon. She conldn't deceive you. She only wished to spare your heart from suffering all that her own heart had suffered. ElBie would never deceive anyone !" " Bat why did she write to say she was in Anstralia when she was really living here in San Remo?" Winifred asked, piteously. "And why did she keep up a correspondence with my husband ?" "Write she was in Anstralia! She never wrote." Warren cried in haste, seizing tbe poor dying girl's thin hand in his. "Mrs. Massinger, this is no time to conceal any thing. I dare not speak to yon againet your husband, but still " "1 hate him," Winifred gasped ont with concentrated loathing. "He has dotoe nothing since 1 knew him bnt lie to me and deceive toe. Don't mind speaking ill of him. I don't object to that What kills me is that Elsie has helped him! Elsie has (helped him." " Elsie has not," Warren answered, lifting np ber white little hand to his lips, and kiss ing it respectfully; "Elsie and I are very close friends. Elsie has always loved you dearly. If she's bidden anything from you, she bid it for your own Bake alone. ... It was Hugh Massinger who forged those letters. ... 1 can't let yon die thinking ill of Elsie. Elsie has never, never written to him. ... I know it all. . . . I'll tell yon the trnth. Yonr husband thought she was drowned at Wbitestrand !" "Then Hugh doesn't know Bhe's living here !" Winifred cried eagerly. Warren Relf hardly knew how to answer her in this unexpected crisis. It was a ter rible moment. He conldn't expose Elsie to the chance of meeting Hugh face to face. The shock and strain, he knew, would be bard for her to bear. Bnt, on tbe other band, he couldn't let that poor broken-hearted little woman die with this fearful load of misery unlightened on ber bosom. Tbe troth was best ' The truth is always safest " Hugh doesn't know she's living here," he answered 6>owly. "(But it I could ionly be sure that Hugh and she would not meet, I'd bring her round, before she leaves San Remo, this very day, and let yon hear from her own lips, beyond dispute, ber true etbrr,*, i ! Winifred clenched ber thin hands hard and tight "He shall never enter this xopm again," she whispered hoarsely, "till he enters It to see me laid ont for bnriaL" i Warren Relf drew back, horrified at bee ! unnatural eternness. " Oh, no," he cried. 1 " Mrs. Massinger—yen don't mean that; re member, he's your husband." ! " He never was my husband," Winifred ; answered with a fresh burst of her feverish ! energy. " He was Klsie's husband—Elsie's, at heart. He loved Elsie. He never married me myself at all. He married only the manor j of Wbitestrand. . . . He shall never j come near me again while I live. . . . j I shall bold him off. I'm a weak woman, j But I've strength enough and will enough left for that ... I shall keep him at j arm's length as long as I live. Don't be ; afraid. Bring Elsie here. I want to see her. I should die happy if only I knew that Elsie hadn't helped that man to deceive me." Meanwhile, Hugh Massinger was hurrying along on his way to the English doctor's, saying to himself a thousand times over, I don't care how much Ehe thinks ill of me; but I can't endure she should die thinking ill of poor dead Elsie! If only I could make her believe me in that! If only she knew thBt Elsie was true to her .' That poor dear Elsie bad never deceived ber !'' He bad so much of chivalry, so much of earnestnes, so much of devotion, still left in him. But be thought most of poor dear Elsie, not at all of poor deceived and dying Wini fred. For he no longer believed it was really Elsie he bad Been in the street The delusion had come and gone in a fiash. How could it be Elsie? Such sights are impossible. He was no dreamer of dreams or seer ot visions Elsie was dead and buried at Orlordness, and this other figure. , , . was only after all very, very like her. 