m mm ii«, THURSDAY, JUNE 21, 18B8. TUE JACK-ni-THE-BOX rEISOWEB. Holt ia nearly as troubleaoine as the Chinese He ia turning up every now and then, re quiring to be put down, It would be very hard indeed for those who have urged hin release to say why any exception should be made in the cabo of this particular prisoner. There is no doubt of his guilt, no suspicion that he was irregularly convicted. On the contrary, his guilt was flagrant. It was of the deepeat dye. He betrayed a high trust, and he UBed illicitly and for fraudulent purposes the commercial skill which ho had acquired. Thousands of criminal» axe convicted yearly, and left to the opera- tion of their sentences. Doubtless there may be extenuating circumstances to note in the case of some, but na one takes the trouble to note thom, and the sentences are served under the regulations. Why should Mr. Holt expect différant treatment? For what reason should he be allowed to come every now and then before the public like an un q niet ghost, who must belaid? We have a series of reasons stated in the petition which the Cabinet have under present con- sideration. That petition is signed, it seems, by no leas than fifty-thive members of Parliament. The p>-isenc« ot their names on such a petition is a political indecency. The gentlemen who are members of Parlia- ment cannot Beparate their public from their private individuality. They stand in a certain political relationship to the Ministry, with whom reata the power to sanction or to reject the prayer of the petition. Consideration of this relationsh'p should have operated to make every member refuse who was asked to sign the document. It must be very evident, from the very number of members who did sign, that their signalmen were regarded as of special value. How can mem- bers of Parliament expect to retain popular respect if they thus hold the position at the service of designing persons P However, let us pass to the reasons ciled in the petition. Holt's health and constitution hare broken down ; montally and bodily he has suffered from sbame ; overwork and speculation had unhinged him at the date of the offence, and the petitioners think thnfc an further incarceration will still prejudice bis health he has suffered enough. Moreover, he baa made restitution to the fullest limit of hits power, and his release will, it is hoped, help the realisation of his assets. One naturally asks what value in a business point of view a man can be to his creditors | when he is broken down in body and mind. As for the shame and mental anxiety he has un lergone, are they not the proper fruit of hi» wrong doing ? One design of puciahme it m tbo develop- ment of shame, and are we to be to'd that when that design is reaHmd further punish- ment should be remitted. There is no pretence that the term of imprisonment, four years, was unduly long. On the contrary, the indee who sentenced Holt incurred blame because he seemed to have slightly strained bis powers in order to lessen the term he might hare imposed. Unfor- tunately for the petitioners, an incident is on record which tells very em- phatically against Holt's willingness to route restitution. Not many weeks ago it became evident that he was resisting the res- titution of a portion of his estate, namely, an interest in the Boeehill racecourse. Despite his alleged bodily and mental weakness, he seems to have retained sufficient sense to look after bis own interests. The petition discloses no ground for differentiating the treatment of Holt from that of other prisoners, and wo trust that the apparent determination of the Cabinet to deny the solicited mercy will end these perplexing re-appearances of this di*. tinguithed criminal. Tt is some time since tnercy was first craved for him; and on the like grounds. If thoy liad been sound when first put forward, the prisoner would have been released by a power superior to the Government of New South Wales. Yet he lives still ; lives to disprove the reasons pressed for his release. Later intelligence is that a medical man has informed Sir Henry Parkes that Holt is likely to die, if he be not released. It seemB a hard thing to write, but is eren the fact that death is imminent as the result of imprisonment sufficient to warrant forour bb'ng shown to this man ? If he be released on that ground, or on any ground whatever, more will be done to unsettle men's j nundi» an to the duo administration of justice thnn will bo compensated for by the saving of H it'e worthies» life. And his release will h-, a Hùtinet encouragement to the friends of ret-r.ectiihlj'.connected criminals to get peti i,, tis for mercy ßignerl by members of Par- liament. Mik Prime Minister, it is stated, intends to tick PnrÜament to sanction an increase of the : tsvut'.ry salary of the Chief Commissioner of iii «j RiiiU.iy Board, Mr. Eddy. That his re qutft will be granted there can be no question : Parliament will surely take the view that if we want good service, we must pay adequately for it; and an additional .£500 «ill not be too much to give for a redily competent railway administrator, « « Mr. Eddy is declared to be. The i other members of the board will be locally chosen. For one of the places, Mr. G-ood uhap's name has been freely mentioned. Of von me he ha« no claim: the hand of the Government is free to choose the best men ; bul: poanibly it may be thought that his local experience is of sufficient value to justify retention of his Berrices. There are two way« in which the question may be looked at, however, and it may also happen that Mr. Qoodchap on the board will be an element of ? liscord. He is part of the system which is to be superseded, and he may not be indisposed to manouvre in the hope of showing that we have gained nothing by the change. There has already been so much manifest scheming on his behalf, that his appointment to any position under the new arrangements seems a rather doubtful policy. On the whole, it would be preferable, we fancy, tbathe should be allowed to retire on the fine pension secured to him by the Govern- ment Railways Act. The third Commissioner, Sir Henry Parkes properly thinks, need not be a man experienced in railway matters, and he will look out for a large-minded, upright man of business, with a thorough knowledge of finance. Canch» of the larynx was after all the cause of the Emperor Frederick's death. Eevela tion of the truth, however, was delayed till the fatal termination of what was a most ob- scure illness. The chief scientists of Europe were not agreed as to the character of the disease. Tbat began, it may be remembered, with a thickening of the vocal chords, followed by a tnmorous growth in the trachea or upper part of the windpipe. The German physicians declared the growth to be cancerous ; Sir Morell Mackenzie, the great throat-disease specialist of London said it was not. Sir Morell, who had been summoned to consult with the Court physicians, resisted their proposal to cut into the larynx and eradicate the growth, and he undertook to operate through the mouth without cutting the larynx at all. He did operate, and removed a portion of the warty growth on the vocal chord, subse- quently applying electro-cautery, and it was believed he had got rid of the dangerous presence. Professor Virchow, one of the most eminent physiologists of the day.'had examined the tumour removed by Sir Morell, and snpported that medical man's opinion by pronouncing it to be non-cancerous. But the j illustrious patient continued to suffer from congestion of the larynx, and in Sep- tember last year another ominous swelling bagan. Early in November a new growth presented, even in Sir Morell I Mackenzie's eyes, the appearance of cancer. It waa beneath the place where Sir Morell had operated, and the court physicians de- signated it cancer of the worst kind. As a heroic means of relief, they advocated com- pete cutting away of the upper part of the larynx, with the cancerous growth. The opera- tion would probably have proved fatal ; and if the patient had survived it, he would have lost both power of speech and sense of taste. Again Sir Morell Mackenzie's counsels pre- vailed, and the milder operation of tracheo- tomy was recommended-the insertion of a tube in the windpipe, to facilitate breath- ing and to rest the diseased part, while the removal or reduction of, the cancerous growth is attempted. But before the operation was attempted there was a perceptible improvement in the con- dition of the patient, and on February 1 Professor Virchow made a second examina- tion of his throat, and once more said there was nothing seriously wrong. But im- mediately afterwards, the thickening of the chord re-commenced, and on February 9 tracheotomy was performed. Dr. Bergmann, the operator, averred that the disease was can- cer; Professor Kussmaul, of Strasbourg, con- curred in that opinion. The condition of the nnfïanfc -fliinrnafarl nf'fnp fhn mnnnnr pUblttUb llUUtUitlUU ULbDl uuo WltlAUOl which our readers will remember, but at last the insidious disease had its way, and rapidly completed the fatal work it had hitherto lingeringly pursued. Although Sir Morell Mackenzie had resolutely denied the existence of cancer, he never con- cealed, either from himself or the world, the fact that the Crown Prince was in extreme jeopardy. And we may almost certainly thank the great English physician for the fact that the Emperor Frederick lived long enough to ascend the throne. The Berlin court physicians, acting on what turns out to be their accurate diagnosis, would have operated for cancer, and probably have killed the patient. Sir Morell Mackenzie, treating the disease as perichondritie, enabled the Crown Prince to live to be Emperor. But the history of the illneBs serves to weaken our faith in medical prescience. The Bev. Eobert Dey has resigned hiti pastoral charge of the Marrickville Congregational Church to accept the office of secretary to the Congre- gational Union. 