UNDER THE SPEAKER'S EYE, [BY THE MEMBER FOR SALTBUSH.] Are we never to have done with the Chinese question? We only devoted one day to discussing it last week, and after two or three speeches adjourned the de- bate for a fortnight. If what we hear of the intended hospitality of our Victorian cocslns.be true none of us who visit Mel bourne will be In a fib condition en our return to talk much upon any subject, let alone one that Is recognised to have an Imperial im portance. And speaking of the Mel bourne Exhibition I am reminded of the fact that our venerable friends in what we have to-refer to as " another place"' have been guilty of an act of discourtesy to cur Victorian hosts that literally nude Mr. Ward's hair stand on end. Tae general gloomy effect of the Upper Chamber is at present detracted from by. Eome portraits which are hung upon the walls. True, no one In the wildest flight o! Imagination would go to such a length as to say that these paintings are in the highest form of art; indeed, a hyper critical person might find many faults with them, not the least being a certain stiff- j ness jn the figures suggestive of chronic j rheumatism, and a necessity for the ap plfcatton of some famons oil for a loosen ing of the joints. Still these portraits are historical, and as such are of value. Why then did the " Little Lords" ungraciously refase the request made to them to allow tiie pictures to be sent to the queen city of the Booth? They were not asked to judge the merit of the productions, and surely the; would be able to legislate equally as well as they have done In the past, even were the features of Captain Start and Sir James Hurtle Fisher not visible as means of tnaplratlon 1] Mr. Ward, of course, talked a great deal of nonsense. He alway does when he goes on, the ram page. Start i?t"? fr*llHnp about the " bonds of intercolonial friendship, "^ or 1" inter national amenities," and he soars quite beyond the reach of the ordinary Indi vidual. He can't help it. \ou might as well try to keep the ocean back with a mop as to atom the tide of his eloquence at such a time. As to looking our cousins in the fane as "honest men" because toe didn't decline to send them pictures, as a practical minded member who sits next to me remarked—" That's all rot. What is there particularly honest in lending pic tures that belong not to us but to the whole people!" I fancy Mr. Ward is getting at the prospect of his holiday. Sir John Downer was not very happy in Ids speech on Tuesday. There was a very -good reason for this. He had dis charged Ma. big gun at the Treasury beaches earlier in the session, and only had a popgun ready for. firing when he waucaUedoD on Tuesday afternoon. The speech was goodenough, but we had heard all tie arguments before, and even Sir John Downer can become stale by much repetition. How he must have cursed the fates thai tempted him to speak too soon I Did he not show his plan of attack to the enemy, an unwise thing for any general to do? Sir John is too impulsive; he must study the princl pie* laid down by Machiarel to a little better purpose. The Attorney-General, young politician though he is, Is very astute, and sees through a deal board as far as most people. When there is a lawyer on each side it behoves the ob servance of a doe amount of wariness. Another lawyer who had aomrthfag to say about the Chinese was Mr. S. W. Hawker. Mr. Hawker is not a brilliant member. He seems to be overshadowed by the gratwessof his father's fasasv There-are times when It is exceedingly inconvenient to have a father. This may seem some what fmflftTJi*sl # bat my meaning of course is that at certain periods of one's life a- father is an altogether undesirable encumbrance. For instance, when some old wiseacre, who has recollections of the glorious days when George HX was King, reflecting upon some action in which you flatter yourself you have shown admirable diplowaoy, says, "Ahl my boy. W-t wouldn't have done that sort of thing Yoarfaiiier would not have done it" At that moment you probably wish your rjabsrnal parent at the bottom of the sea. Mr. Hawker, sen., has made his reputa tion and can afford to sit; quietly by, only speaking when the occasion ?t?^n seem to warrant. Mr. Hawker, jun., has to win hie ?pun, and he Is heavily handicapped in the race. Hisfather^abigman ; he is a little man. His father can speak freely without notes; he has to carefully prepare Ids speeches, and gives one the impression that he is laboring over his task and wfli be glad when he gets to the end; There Is often good matter In what be says, but it is too often lost on aoeount of the manner of delivery. There Is a suspicion of the Young Men* Debating CU* ?bent his utterances, and despite his undeniable industry, he has not yet risen above mediocrity. There were a lot of mixed metaphors used In the House last week. In the ex citement of debate a *"?" may be excused for a lapsus lingua, and therefore I pardon Mr. Nash, who, encouraged by our cheers, was getting into a rather nf-fSdntm style, for saying that the ship of State had gone ashore on the rocks when Sir John Downer took up the reins. This reminded me of the story told of a member of the House of Com mons. " Sir. Speaker," he said, _" I smell a rat. It is floating in the air. It must be nipped In the bud." I remember a member of our own Parliament once saying he had pinned his faith to the anchor of hope; and another who, crating at the Town Hall, said the pre vious speaker had leapt over the traces and soared away on the wings of his Imagination. But Mr. Landseer is the metaphor-mixer par excellence. He does it with such blissful unconsciousness that it falls as refreshingly as an April shower. Kow, I am a shy man, a nervous man— dreadfully nervous. When I get on my legs with the intention of saying some thing really good my mind; becomes blurred, my limbs tremble, my voice has such* quaver In it that I hardly recognise it, and Instead of those keen Incisive arguments I had prepared, and that patriotic peroration which had cost me hours of study, I utter only a few common places and sink Into my seat, recognising the fact that I have made an ass of myself. Mr. Landseer Is troubled by no such prickings of conscience. I believe he rises in his place without more than the vaguest of ideas as to what he is going to say. He may be, and indeed is, a little hesitating in his open ing sentences. He is like a man In a slough of despond, floundering about in an eager desire to touch solid land. When he touches it, or thinks he does, there i< no restraining Mm, He skips azound with all the enthusiasm of a dancing dervish. His words dash one against the other with an utter disregard for appro j priateness. They clang and clash and roar. If the right word doesn't come along, which generally happens, another one is made to do duty. Mr. Landseer evidently makes up his mind that he Is there to speak, and that any halting by the way will spoil the effect of his oratory. And so he goes on, and on, and on, con atructi?g sentences that must cause Macaulay to move uneasily in his grave, and introducing new systems of pro nunciation that would mike the ghost of JJJndley Murray f^'A bitter scalding tears. He double- banks bis expressions In a singular way. Thus, he is not con tent to say, "I think so-and-so," but tacks on, " I think and believe." He talks of the "hon. member who has bo kindly brought forward this motion," and invariably regards every action taken In the House as a "step in the right direc tion." He considers some things as "greeveeous to contempolate," but even tually affects to believe that "this honorable House" will be able to point everything "to the right direction," A metaphor with him is something, to play with. Metaphors are aa plentiful 83 blackberries. They lie strewn higgledy piggledy on Mr. Landeeer'apolitical path way, and he picks them np with a random ness that Is absolutely alarming. When he warned us "not to be led astray by the ofiahoots and side -winds that were endeavored to be blown upon the Chinese qnestioD," I was absolutely aghast at the audacity of the conception, bat Mr. Landseer never moved a muscle. Some body—l think it must have been David Bews—said " Hear, hear," and Mr. Lind- Eeer appropriated the interruption as a compliment, and smiled benevolently on the member fcr Wallaroo. Well, what ? does a mixed metaphor more or less matter ? Mr. Landseer will go on to the end of his career in just the self-same manner. If any metaphors are lying about he has the machinery all ready for mixing them. Well, we have done some work at last. We have agreed to Me CaldweU'a motion for the appointment of a commission to enquire into the advantages a State bank would be to an impecunious people in lending them money at nothing per cent, and getting the principle back in instalments of Is. per annum. By his much importunity Mr. CaldVell wearied us into following his lead, but there are few of us probably who believe in the practicability of the scheme. Still, Mr. CaJdwell must have his fling, and all I can cay is that I sincerely pity him when he shall have to prepare the report of the commission. Then we have made head way with the Pawnbrokers Bill. The subject of pawnbroklng 1b not interesting; some of os remember toe days of ad versity, when we had to "pop" sundry goods with "uncle." Recollections like these axe unpleasant, and so we allowed the Attorney- General to have pretty well his own way. Let the Bill be more soberly discussed in the Upper House. There they know nothing about pledges, excepting those which some of them made to their constituents and have not always sacredly observed. 