LUCK. (DAILY NEWS.) That the peasants of Germany should have invented 1,142 rules of life, almost every one of them hopelessly absurd, says a good deal for the philoso theory that man isnot arational anima . Butl,142 is' the exact number of devices for securing good luck and avoiding bad luck, collected by Jacob Grimm and recently translated' in the fourth volume of his " Teutonic Mytho-' logy," by Mr. -Stallybrass (G. Bell and Sons.) It is probable that almost every one has his little superstition, a traditional or personal observance, which he will not like to confess, but which he will not infringe if he can helpit. Thus the friends of Sainte Beuve, who scandalised Paris by the famous Good Friday dinner, were themselves afraid to dine with thirteen in the company. Perhaps none of the minor follies of mankind survive among educated people with more tenacity'than this, and yet the origin of the idea is so obvious that we may wonder how the superstition dould secure a hold on the mind. From one or two little crazes, such as Dr. Johnson was guilty of, to over a thousand is a long step, and we may wonder that people could be happy who were con stantly breaking senseless rules with fancied evil consequences. Nobody not the most elaborately. idiotic and credulous, can keep over a thousand unwritten laws on matters of no importance, and yet to break even one of them caused a persistent dread of evil to follow. In almost every case, the dodges for securing good luck are founded on unessential analogies, and on the notion of post hoc ergo propter hod, according to which any event which preceded another might be its cause. Among the few German superstitions not of this character is thebeliefinthe secondsight. "Look over the left shoulder of one who sees spirits and future events, and you can do thesame." A superstitionlikethis pre vailed in the Highlands. In his letters to Samuel Peyps, on the second sight, written in 1699, Lord Resy says :-"- A seer with whom I' was reasoning on this subject, findingme very incredulous in' what he asserted, offered to let me see as well as himself. I asked whether he could free me from seeing them thereafter; whereto, he, answering me, he could notput a stop to my curiosity. The methodof imparting second sight was not so easy as in Germany. "The seer put both his hands and feet above yours, and mutters some words to himself, which done, you both see them alike." Mr. Pepys had outlived, he says, the belief in the evil eye,. but he could not distrust the .troth of the second sight. Meanwhile, Dr. EHickes made a laudable attempt to convert Mr. Pepys to a belief in " elf arrows." These, of course, are only the spent artillery of our predecessors in the stone age. But Dr. Hickes believed they were fairy weapons, and told "a strange story,very well attested, of an elf arrow that was shot at a venerable Irish bishop by an evil spirit, in a terrible noise, louder thanthunder, which shakedthe house where the bishop was'!" He was Dr. Lesley, Bishop of Killala. Thanks to the advance of secince, a bishop or other Irish gentleman who is fired at in a terrible noise no longer attributes the phenomenon to evil sprite andelf arrows. The rules of life among German peasants were not more quaint than the belief in the spiritual character of neolithic arrow-heads, " Wash your money in clean water, and put salt and bread to it,then the dragon and bad folk cannot get it." Whit dragon P Can it be Fafnir the snake, who broods over the hoard of the Niflungs The" bad folk" are probably evil spirits, for the air swarms with invisible myriads. A knife must not be left lying ee pwds, for fear of cutting the " ange." Here "angels" is but a Chritianised term for being like the Geni whom the merchant killed with the date-stone he threw away ; or like the all- pervading Vins of Melanema. But how arewe to explain this .amazing rule P "Women boiling yam should tell lies over it or it won't turn white." It must be verting to hear the girls and matrons lying for so excellent an end. Here is a case of foolish analogy. " If you want large-headed chickens, wear. a fine, large straw hat whenyou set the brood-henon." Thenext is famiar in England. " Never At-t way." t homoU . Ithoght to gnif the baby's 4r? ? upr g dth. , I_ the first childresý:take.the, parets' names they die before the parents." 'No doubt this is connected with the innumerable savage superstitions about names which require constant changing, so that every one has a batch of aliases. Perhaps this nrule also explains the Greek and Scotch custom of calling the oldest son always after the grand father. Among recipes for longevity we find securing for a child god-parents" out of three parishes." A child thus provided will reach his century. If a woman dies in labour, a mangle-roller or a book must be laid in her bed, and the bed must be made up and shaken every day for'six weeks, " or she cannot rest in the ground." Here is a simple rule : " God-parents should buy the child a spoon, else it learns to dribble." We still buy spoons for our god-children, but probablp we do not know the reason why. Nor do we provide the " Judel" (a kind of Puck) with toys to prevent it from playing at night with the children. Here is a good useful rule: " Great evilis in store for him who harms a cat or kills it." Serve him right ! Why it should be " unlucky to kill spiders," unless one is a Bruce, does not appear, nor why " itmakes the husband beat the wife if a stranger looks in at the door on a Monday without coming in." Per haps husbands are " chippy" on Mondays in Germany, and catch at any excuse for ill temper. But "the girl whose lover is fond of cats will have a good tempered hus band." Ladies who want lords must call on St. Andrew naked on St. An drew's day, and the good saint will send. a vision of their lovers in their sleep. " The chariest maid is prodigal enough" if she adventures herself on this magic. Some of these foibles of faith are as old as Greece and Rome. "If a man sees a wolf before the wolf sees him, he need fear no harm ; but if the wolf saw himfirst, he is indanger," as Virgil knew. The duelist may note this: "Smear the pointof your sword with car wax, it will melt your enemy's courage." " If the carter plaits .a snake's tongue into his whip, his horses can pull the biggest loads out of the ditch, and will not overdrink themselves." It is, perhaps, more desirable that the carter should 'not over drink himself. " If the first person you meet in the morning be a lady, seldom of matutinal habits, the luck is good." Nothing can be much more primitive than this,or more frankly materialistic : " When a person dies, open the windows, and the soul can get out." Treasure hunting has be become such a popular sport that the adventurers mayas well make a note of this : " He that would dig up a treasure must not speak a word." Gamblers who would win must carry " an owl's heart, or the stone out of a bat's wing, or a hoopoo's head," though no reason is given for the practice, andit is not easy to invent one. " If you hear a ghost, don't look round or you'll have your neck wrung." We are not told how we are to be sure that it is ai ghost we hear. Any one may try the following expedient : " A man can pray his enemy dead by repeating Psalm cix. every morning and evening for a year, but if he miss a day he must die him self." Self-preservation from our ghostly foe is thus secured: " Have a donkey with Ton, and the devil can do you no harm. ' As Mr. Stevenson remarks, " We are all travellers with a donkey," and there is comfort, now, in the reflection. Fin'ally, here is a remedy sovran for wet Julys : " A cook built into a wall brings a long spell of good weather." " The experiment," as the minister said, when asked if a dying man would reap the reward of leaving his money to thekirk, " is weel worth trying." 