Carlyle's ' Haunted' House. It was getting dark, and a lady who lives in Cheyro Row was coming home. As she passed Number Five, she saw a group of children and young girls standing before it, in the roadway, looking up at the house and speaking in eager whispers. She knew one of the girls and asked her what was the matter — what they were looking at. The i girl replied with hesitation — f ' un : ma'am, we are waiting to see tne ghost. ' Indeed ! Where is there a ghost ?' i The other girls came close to her, and they pointed and I nodded their heads gravely at the empty house of the Car- ? lyles. * ' Have any of you seen this ghost P' ask d the lady, with much interest in the matter. 'No, ma'am. We haven't seen it, but my sister Polly was told that Mrs. Smith at the shop saw it.' ' Who told Polly P' asked the lady. 'Aunt Eliza, or leastways somebody that hoard it from Aunt Eliza.' ' Oh ! Then it was Mrs. Smith who saw the ghost ?' 'Oh, yes; Mrs. Smith, last Friday evening.' ' What was the ghost like P' Then the girls all whispered at once. 'It was a tall old man, with white hair, and he was wrapped in a great white sheet.' Then they all looked with curious, eager timidity up at the broken windows of the ground floor. ' Did Mrs. Smith see him there, with the shutter closed like that P' asked the lady. There was a pause, and then one of the girls said— ' No. The shutter must have been open, and the window too.' ' How do you know that P' inquired the lady. 'Oh! Because Aunt Eliza said he beckoned to Mrs v Smith, and she was in a great fright; but she had to stop because he spoke to her.' ' He spoke to her. Do you know what he said ?' ' Oh, yes. He spoke in a strange, faint sort of voice, and .laid, ' Bring me two-penn'orth of tobacco.' ' The lady did not laugh, but she tried to dispel the super stitious ideas of the girls by saying — ' Don't you think it is likely to have been old Barnes, the painter, in his white coat and apron? He may have . been sent into the house by the owner to do some job there, and he can't get on with his work unless he smokes, you know.' They did know ; but they did not seem willing to adopt her commonplace view of tne matter, and she left them still looking at the broken windows, expecting to see the ghost. ? - j AghoBtthat calls for 'two penn'orth of tobacco,' in I? the empty house— Number 6 Cheyne Row! A moro appropriate burlesque could not have been invented by the cleverest of our many writers who devote their talents to making men and things ridiculous. Carlyle himself, in tho flesh, would have felt the humour of it and enjoyed i immensely. 