L O C A L A N D G E N E R A L . E xecutive. - A meiling of the Exccure Council was held to-day. Hia Kxcellercy the Govcr.u r presided, and all ill's members were present. P abliamentabt.—On the Tib of month tb n e members of the Legislative Council rctite by rotation, viz., Hon. Wm. Hert, member for Launceston; Hon. James Smith, Meisey ; and Hon. John Watehorn, Huon. The election lakes place on the following day. Be W jbk in Timb.—“ Significator’* rites:— I t is to be Loped th a t tho present Ministry will not turn out a penny wise, pound foolivh one, but the most ludic ous stories arc being told of their very economical tendencies. While pennies are being saved (P) thousands upon thousands of pounds sterling are to b-> expended upon extravagant and useless ra lwnys. I t is to be hoped th at not one of tliORe prop) e l will bo built, unless they ere fo li-hly forced on by tbe country. The cost of running ib<so expensive works would be vastly m oretbiu any benefits likely to accrue from them. Encourage local in'uslries, even mining j'Belf, ratiicr than u«ele6g, heavy work* vhichwoii’d be millstones around the necks of the people for all time. Native Tasmanian*, who ar* absent from their eo'ony aro holding up tho mirror to those who arc here. They show th at Tasmanians are more than half a sleep; that they let those who hold thejrarM-Btrtoj waste the puhli>'money. This they ” assuredly do if they er.ct more useless railways. While tbe Government have no right to specolato with public funds, yet they should be applied in judicious irrigation works, if it can be shows, as M r Maurice "Weston i> about to prove, that every pound sterling so spent would be returned tenfold to the Government, while morally as w ell as materially, the population would he benefited beyond all calculation. I f the people, through their representatives or by their Government, waste their money in costly railways they will havenothiog left wherewith to promote these works of irrigation, or other useful end profitable works. Htaroh is now being produced hero Let this he encouraged by the people, if not by tbe Government, Woollen materials of exoellent quality nd wear ere now voren in Tasmania* A et patriots of all grades determine to ear no other. In such W aj-sasthc'c F he interests of the ojuntry will be adanced, and so l by cumbersome railways lRto C ith their accompaning indebtedness." Sunday C oncert.—There was a largo athering assembled to the Barrack Reerve yesterday afternoon, to hear the &Trhon; Band, under M r W .T . Bates, gave one of their popular Sunday afternoon concerts. The band pavilion, which was recently erected, was used for the first time, and now that such excellent accommodation has been provided it is to be hoped th at the band will, while the weather continues fine, give a series of concerts. The programme was pone through in excellent slyle, and consisted of selection* from/'M ari tana,^""Creation, and other ohoice pieces. A t the gates collection was taken to aid of a religious otjeet, and a creditable sum was realised. [W e shall publish a couple_of letters on this subject to-i w ^Y Jfl.O .A .—1The usual weekly meeting of tho Y.M .G.A. was hold at the rooms on Saturday evening. After the usual devotional opening, Air A. Kirk delivered an address on Locil Option. H e argued that the advanco of temperance would never be promoted until seme proper regulations were framed for the sale °f liquors. The sddress was attentively listened to and warmly applauded. The proceeding* were diversified by a recitalioi by Air Hooker, and readings by Messrs A. Bestow and J . G . Nicholson. Biblical L ectobbs.— i eslerday the Town H all M r Charles F . Reeve addressed a good audience on the 7th sill 8th Chapters of the Kpistle of omans. He dwelt chiefly upon the ubject of the " G ilt of the Holy Spirit s the motive power of the Christian’s ork." Spiritual life haring beoo atained as previously referred to, the ecturer pointed out that it was now ecessary that there should he a sustain' og force to enable tbe possessor to live t oot. This was found in a divine nion with Christ, broughtaboutthrongh he influence of the fcfo'.y Ghost. The relationship thus established demanded complete yielding to tho dictates oE the sp rit and utter tenuncialion of the promptings of the flesh. P hbenolooical SociBTY.-On Friday evening last M r W . Connor gave his second lecture on " How to read character" There was a fair attendance. The lecturer commenced by giving a description of the Tarious plates and bones of the human skull, showing how beautifully they were aiaptci to the services tor which they were made, and the wonderful manner in which they were interlocked into each other by means of the various sotures or saw- like seams, which united the plates into a complete armour of defence e gainst accidents to the brain withto. The frontal sinus, mastoid proccis and occipital bone were also po'n'fd oot &sd; ex­ plained, together with the manner in which a phrenologist would overcome these ackcowledgid difficulties to a practical delineation of character. M r Connor then described the construction of the brain, its divisions into the cerebrum and cerebellum; the convolutions with their drpiL and use, and the Mib- divitions of ilic whole into the various groups, u n ­ bracing the m-^ral sentiments, domestic and selfish propensities, the observing and reasoning faculties, etc., and the influence each hss in f» nning the characti r of the individual member of sccitty. The lecture waB listened to very attentively by those present, and at iLfl conclusion a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to M r Connor for the care he hed bestowed upon the subject. R oad Tjjust E lections.—On Saturday the election of trustees took nlacc for tbe Road Trusts of Sandy Bay and Queenborough. For Sandy Bay Road District, M essrs Baynton, Maning, and W alker were returned, the polling being as follows :—A. If. Maning, 138; W . E. Bayntoo, 121; J. R. W alker, 98; 8. Dove, 71 ; J . Staples, S I ; J . Mays, 22; A Lee. 21. The election of trustees for Queenborough Road District resulted in Messrs W . I ’erkins, John Read, and John Bradford beiog returned. T ab L a te F. H. W ilk in so n .—The fanoial of this young man, who was unfortunately drowned in tbe Derwent on Wednesday night last, took place on 6aturday afternoon, when his body was interred in Queenborough Cemetery. A number of deceased's acquaintances fob lowed his remains, and M r McCourt, secretary of the Y.M .C.A, represented that society. M r R. Clarke was the undertaker, and the Rev. M r Herberg, of Trinity H ill parish, officiated a t the grave. i cale of B ooths. —Messrs Robeits and Company, Limited, fold to day at their m art the right to occupy the bar under the grand stand for the forthcoming Butchers' Sports, also the bar under the o.cn stand, tbe purchaser being M r Evans of the Sporting Hotel, Liverpool Ftreei, for £21. Citv P olice Cocbt.—At this court today the biDcb was occupied by His W o rtb ip tb e Mayor {Mr Alfred Crisp) and Alderman Hiddlestone. Thomas Robinson for bring drank and disorderly vas fined 6s, in default? days. John Sullivan and James Hargreaves, &pair; of peace disturbers, were each fined 10* Gd. the alternative being 14 days’ imprisonment. The court then rote. A nothbb New Ghockey Stoke — Messrs Russell and 6oob announce that they have opened No. 66 Liverpool street ss a cash grocery exchange, their idea being merely to exchange grocery goods for cash, without packing or delivery, and those who prefer calling at the stores and making their own selection of goods, will thus not have to pay the same as others requiring the extra attendance In making this announcement they publish as a supplemeflt to to-day’s ATcws, valuable notes on typhoid fever, which no doubt will he icod by many witb interest at the present tunc, and the Messrs Russell are to be commended for this publication. E x ten sio n o f D.V. R a ilw ay. — A onater meeting in aid of the extension of the Derwent Valley Railway will he held a t Ellendalc on Saturday week, a(. 2.80 p.m., at wh ch the attendance of all interested is requested. On tbe morning of the same day a cricket match, Glenora v. EUcndale, will be played. A bacquet will take place at 1.3i), and in the evening a concert will be given T he Bedbubg E state.—The attention of the investing public ia directed to the sale of tiedbur,; estate, B earn cam Creek, by Messrs Roberts and Company, Limited, to-morrow. The estate m divided into firo convenient sized lots. After the sale of the property, the slosk, implements, furniture, all of which are of firstclr.ss quality, will be offered, C e n ten nial E xhibition.—Intending exhibitors are requested to forward to the Secretary of the Executive Commission, H obart^ as scon as possible, the nature of their .exhibit* ana the space required. All exhibits, it is notified, must be in by June 2. D eb w en t V alley R ailway.—On and after Monday next, the morning train from Plenty will leave 10 minutes earlier, the times of departure being—trient^ 7.6 a.m.; Hamilton Road, 7.18; New Norfolk, 736; Dromedary, 7.68f and; arriving at Bridgwater Junction at 810 a.m. P opulaB' S cibkcb,—The Principal of the Friends’ School intends to give the first lecture, of tbe present series of lectures on Popular Science, in the Friends' Meeting-House to-morrow evening. The subject is “ Electricity: Historical, Elea* trical Attractions/’ and will be illustrated by experiments. tioLvanoR Akmy,—A froit soiree and sale of gifts will be held in the Hairing* ton street Barrsok# thU evening. 