NEEDLES= "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Hot again. Parliament. "The World." Iberia at Albany. A ghost at Brompton Park. "Falsely Accused" onFriday. Fast dyes promised at Lobethal. The City Rink is to be enlarged. Mr. S. G. Kingston has apologised. Land discussion in the House to-day. Mr. Wyllie at Port Adelaide to-night. Cables expected to be repaired to-day. Mr. Robert Cleland, a pioneer, is dead. Block 14 shareholders very determined. A ghost that disappears at sight of a gun. You should see Bland Holt as Moss Jewell. Kong Meng, the Chinese merchant, is dead. The Newcastle conference has been resumed. New South Wales Parliament opens to-day. First flower show of the season on Thursday. Friday Parliamentary sessions begin this week. Mr. Willimott to be again Mayor of Sema- phore. The "Herd Laddie" has been visiting the Bricks. A rather large request for public recreation grounds. A Mikado carnival at the Norwood rink on Thursday. General strike feared in the building trades in Sydney. Captain Pleitner has arrived at the Baker's Creek mine. Farmers of Stirling North eaten out by grasshoppers. The Bank of New Zealand has come through a trying ordeal. Conduct of two fighting jockeys at Caulfield to be enquired into. Western Australian people sympathising with Judge Onslow. The Adelaide Orpheus Society gives a con- cert to-morrow night. The diamond drill is down 880 feet in the Brisbane Blocks mine. The Bank of New Zealand has declared a dividend of 7 percent. The military are to be supplied with Lobethal tweeds again. The hot weather doesn't keep skaters away from the Norwood rink. Next Frday a drama written by a South Australian is to be produced. Block 14 shareholders should be very in- debted to their committeemen. Adelaide undergrads are pleased at the retention of Professor Boulger. Adelaide Philharmonic Society busily re- hearsing "The Last Judgment." The "Member for Saltbush" advises Mr. Hussey to bottle us his eloquence. Ten additional head of stampers are to be erected at the Baker's Creek mine. Honest Tom was rather surprised at the re- quests of that deputation yesterday. "What we have to do," says the "Member for Saltbush," "is to restore confidence." Hamhurg is no longer to be a free port. The city has entered the German Customs Union. The first through express train from Paris reached Constaninople at midnight on August 16. The directors and officers of the Broken Hill Proprietary Company are to be ban- queted. The Bijou Comedy Company did not get a full house for the benefit of the Children's Hospital. A canal is to be constructed from Shef- field to Goole, England, which will cosy £1,000,000. "Robert Emmet Fitzgerald" says the Home Rulers have got the men, the pluck, and the money to fight the Times. The taste for Shakespeare is apparently growing in Paris. The Odeon promises new adaptations of "The Merchant of Venice'' and "The Two Gentlemen of Verona." The young German Emperor has decorated Sir Morell Mackenzie's principal antagonist, and it is rumored that the Queen intends to reply to this by making Sir Morell a peer. The "Member for Saltbush" says of Mr. Caldwell that he ought either to be sleeping in a specially-constructed cradle, or else to be accommodated with a residence in Arcadia. The Albanian garrison at Metzora, exaspe- rated at the non-receipt of their wages, revolted on August 23, burned ten houses, killed a large number of Christians, and then plun- dered many shops. Canon Sullivan, presiding at the Protestant Synod at Tuam, made a statement at the session held on August 24, that the condition of the Irish Protestant Church at present was more satisfactory than before the disestab- lishment. Rosa Bonheur having asked leave to paint in the Hagenbeck Managerie, at Homburg, Herr Hagenbeck sent her three panthers and a keeper to look after them. She now has them at the seaside, and more animals will be lent her whenever she wants to have them. The Alaska Commercial Company's steamer St. Paul arrived at San Francisco lately from Omalaska, having 100,000 sealskins, the season's catch on St. George and St. Paul Islands. She also had a number of other skins of fur. The value of the cargo is estimated at £400,000. A Milwaukee clergyman, with a reputation for brilliancy, got into debt. A wealthy mem- ber of his congregation thereupon sent him a cheque for 3,000 dollars, with a brief note "Your sermons have been worth that much to me beyond my pew rent and contributions." J. Morch, a Brooklyn jeweller, has an his- torical watch. It was at one time made for a lady belonging to the House of Orleans. The watch is said to be a wonderful product of ingenuity. It has 603 parts, and a musical work is connected with it, which plays several pieces. By the will of the late Mr. Charles Crocker, of California, Mrs. H. O. V. Alexander, wife of the lawyer, Mr. Charles B. Alexander, of New York city, becomes heiress to nearly 10,000,000 dollars. She was her father's favo- rite child. Two years ago, when a little over 30 years, she married Mr. Alexander. Seven weeks ago a son was born to them. On the morning of August 17, about 3 a.m., a remarkable phenomenon attracted attention at the lsland of Rügen, in the Baltic. A deep rumbling out at sea was heard, and soon after wards two enormous waves approached, from the north- west, breaking over the shore and doing considerable damage to small craft. At the time the sea was calm and there was no wind. Boucicault has been engaged to write a weekly feuilleton for the New York Herald. That newspaper has been in negotiation with him for some little time. In these feuilletons Boucicault will endeavor to correct the errors which he conceives.to, be inseparable from the slapdash notices of plays, and no criticism will be written until at least three days after the performance. Doctor Tanner, of fasting celebrity, is about to found, on his ranche in New Mexico, an institution to be conducted on vegetarian principles, where he intends to rear infants on one meal per diem—breakfast—which is all he allows himself. The venture is experimental, and the doctor hopes to obtain 40 babes in Indiana who will grow up great and good men, and demonstrate the effect of food, not only on the system but on the mind. Wealthy Americans evidently believe in insuring their lives for the sake of those who come after them. John Wanamaka, the Philadelphia merchant prince, is now paying premiums on 1,000,000 dollars to 29 different, life insurance companies, the payments amounting to 60,000 dollars annually, John B. Stetson, the hat manufacturer, carries policies on his life amounting to 750,000 dollars; and George W. Childs is insured for 100,000 dollars. Prince Bismarck has lately suffered from sleeplessness, and has had to take bromide potassium sleeping draughts. Some few weeks ago he took up smoking again, after having nearly abandoned it for two years; and he in- creased his allowance of beer to about half a dozen glasses a day. The result was not bad at first, but gradually gastric disorders oc- curred, and Dr. Schwennigar had to forbid any drink except hot whisky and water un- sweetened. The place of the late John Brown of famous memory is not and never will be in a real sense refilled; but the Queen has taken a great fancy to her Indian servants, and the canny Scots who were promoted to the honor of the post personal attendants had need to look well their interests—as first favorites they are danger of displacement. One of the Indians left for his native land on six months' leave of absence, owing to his mother's dangerous ill- ness, and since his arrival has received an auto- graph letter from her Majesty expressing in the most gracious terms the hope that his mother's health had improved. The Waterbury arrived safely, and is keeping good time. I consider it well worth more money. —Thos. F. Boydell, Brighton Downs. 297zx301 