Capital Wine. By the Late HUGH CONWAY, Author of ' Called Back,' ' Dark Days,' &c.; (From the Week.\ ' Capital wine, John,' I said, holding the glass between the lamp and my eyes, and ad miring tho rich, ruby tint. ' Capital, isn't it i' replied John, ouddling his glass in the palm of his hand in order to warm the wine and fully bring out its bouquet aud flavour. We bad just finished the sort of dinner I consider perfection for two persons. A drop of clear soup, a sole, and n bruoe of woodcocks. That is, to my mind, us nioe u dinner as can bs devised ; and one which having eaten, you have no occasion to reproach yourself with high feeding or gluttoDy. Others may devour hnge cuts from sirloin, leg, or saddle, but I am always contented with a humble menu like tho above. ' Thirty-four, o! course,' I said after tasting the port again John nodded and continued nursing his glass. '??Where did you buy it, John?' I inquired. 'Didn't buy it,' replied John, 'you can't buy suohwinoas that now.' ' A gilt from a grateful client, I prcsunw,' I £aid, refilling my glnss. ' Hotabitof it. Clients aro not so generous nowadaj-B. Ii wo can get our oosti we aro content.' ' Well, how eid you get it ?' ' Stole it,' replied John, shortly. ' What do you mean f' ' I mean I stole that wine as muoh aa ever a thief si olo a watoh. I planned, plotted, and at last eiuceedi d in effecting the theft. You would have done the same, would you not ? ' '? I don't know. It depends upon ths risk of conviotion and imprigonnunt, but tell mo all about it.' John placed all the bottlos fairly between us and began. How Joiin Siole ins Wine. You knew my old uncle, William Slaprg— at any rate you have hoard of him. Well, ho made a good bit of money drysaltmg, and what is more made it when ho was a youngish man. He muethavu been well brought up, or mixed with the right sort of people, for he devoloped a wonderful taste for wine, and instead of doh'g what lots of people do now — more eh.ime to them— sf nd out to iheir grocers for half a dozen as they want it, used to buy a pipe or butt at a timo and lay it down. He reaped the reward of his sensible conduct, for when ho retired from diysallfng ha found himself with a cellar not ODly smply stocked, but without a drop of bad wino in it. So, he settled down to live comfortably on his investments, and to drick his wine in peace. Poor old boy ! it wae beautiful to eeo him end amusing to hear him wi h decanters in front of him. Hb know the biftory of each wino ho gavo you, and noarly all h«d a tender reminisoenco for him. Eo would sip u drop of sherry and lotik across at mo and s-iy — 'I rail this inoro than wino, Ji-hn. It is a poem ; something to enjoy and think over.' Then ho would turn to tho port. '?I bought thatpipo, John, when I made a wonderful hit in tallow;' or 'that olaret, John, I laid down when logwood went up to such a price' — and so on. The old man was by no means a winebibber, but he would tafeo his four or five glavees ufter dinner and er.joy them. Ho suffered a little from gout before he died, but not m.-.re than many elderly gentlemen with rubicund faces. Hb Hvcd a good m°ny years enjoy ing the fruit of bis labours and tho ju'ce i« his cellars, and at last slipped away quietly and peacefully. His last wordB were to mo. ' Give them tho '47 and tho green seal sherry at the fucoral, John, tliere's mure body, more Eolemiiity in tboeo wines than some of the others.' And then old William Skgur went off, aud I have no doubt is now tho boat* judge of nectar in the upper regions. Be left mo his exeoutor, and I am happy to ray the reversion of a considerable sum when h's widow dies. But it was not without a feel ing of disappointmrnt I found all the contents ot his house, ineludi»)g- the oollarof winos, wore hers absolutely. It ft cited absurd for a splendid lob of wino? likn that to belong to a woman who would be utterly unab'o to appreciate them, and whose ideas of wine were bounded after the manner of ?nommkind by bwtot champagne on one Bide and family port on tho other. I had never ex pected to ho left so much money, but had ulways ehtrie)ud the hope that Uncle Slagg, who had grently approved of the way in whioh I c!if ousted his Hquor, would have letcmo those wine s. However, I thought very likoly tho widow would prefer a gooa sum of money to tha full bins, so 1 intendid to ^ffor to buy tbr.in after a decent interval. My Aunt filngg hod very differant ideas to those of her latu und lamented husband. I re member her, hcwnver, as a sensible woman, and, having a good eyo to tho main chwca, she bud been u oapital wifo to William Slagg, But, about a twelvemonth btforo his death, she had attended pemo revival mee'.irgs, a 1 ?vtfi-abt, or toim-ihinjr of thiit sort, and been converted. I can't tell, of ccurro, but i feel Hire that nothing can be more anuoung to i.u ordinury man than to find tho vifo of his boForu, who hus jogged alrng with him Toy ccmfortbbly in a giveand take style for inuuy yenra, tuddt-nly turn round HLd lecture him upou his amiiblo little weak neftes. I am enntincod the shock of her oi uvtrtion hastened poor old William's deith. Eo had been so accustomed to look upon drink ing good wine as tho duty of u Christian, that when his wifo mudo a new departure, and bo camo u rabid tcetoicller, tho thing wan too much for him, and hn died ttyicsr .to tolvo the problem^ Sbo wODld quote fcjr Wilfred Iaw eoi, Dr. ' Eioherdson, und other authorities, c)l dinner time, end whtn tho dooanters were pluced upon the table walk awuy with a look of chastened sorrow upon hor faos. , Nothing, of course, could wean Undo Slagg from his vim pots, ea the culled his little, weakness, but 1 hn ow after » hcto tirade s the liquor had lost soma of its flavour for him, nnd did nut taste tho esme ac in tbo old days beforo her awakening, whin the would fill hij gluts acd oven press him to tube an extra one for the B'lko of his health. I wonder ho did not alter his will, atd, so diubt ho would, had he known. to what lengths her fanaticism would lead her. I managed by skilful taotics to keop on protty good terms with tha old lady. I took the temperance, traota with which she brutlod, and led hor to underttand that, if I could not make up my mind to tako tho pledge at once, it was a good deal out of consideration for her husband's feelings, nnd I might do so some day. tho looked upon ma as a weak voted, but had great hopes that I might eventually bo strong enough to hold tho gift of grace, aa nho rather onriouely termed it. After William Slagg's death, I had in my position as executor a lot of business to transact with he r, and for somo weeks saw her nearly every day. I thought tho time was coning when I might broach tie subject of tho cellar to ber, and as I was walking to tho house ono afternoon, determined to sound her upon it. I rung and knocked for some minutes, but could get no answer to my summons. They are all upstairs, I thought, and cannot hear mo. Then I remembered that the day before, after goiug tbrough a lot of paper* of unclo's, I had locked tbe drawers and put his bunch of keys in my pocket His latchkoy was amongst thini, nnd I took tho liberty of opening the door with it. As I ? ntbied the houso I smelt a very penuliar smell proceeding from the kitchen. It was tho odonr of wine and very Btreng. They mast have broksn a bottle, onxrying it up, I thought. Perhaps after all tho old lady is not so strict a teett taller when alone. And I laughed at the idea, little dreaming from whenoc the smel orme. I could find no one in any of tho aittin-g rooms, and, as I beard persons moving in the basement, proceeded there. My aunt, hearing my steps on the stair.', ran to tho kitohen door to S!6 who it was. I noticed she appeared vexed as (he mot me. ' I am particularly engaged this afternoon, Join, and csn't epeak to you now,' she said. As £he spoke I noticed the smell of tbe wine was almost overpowering, and I wondered what the was doing. She had borne old gown od, and that covored with a rough white apron, apparently soaked with some coloured fluid. Hho was dusty, dirty, untidy, and heated, and I noticed blood flowing from a out on her hand. What extra ordinary household exploit could she be engaged in P When a lady tells you decidedly she oan't stop to talk to you, and when she appears up to her eies in cleaning house, or something of that sort, the next thing to do is to mako yourself scarce; so I apologised for my in trusion and promised to call again to-morrow. ' But what a strong smell of wine, aunt f ' I enid. ' Don't you notice it r' 'My servants have just broken a bottle or two,' ehe replied, kiohiug rather embarrassed. ' Goodbye, John, shut the door after you.' 'Good-bye,' I said, and retraced my steps. As I went up those dark kitchen stairs a snddtn thought struck me. And yet it seemed so wild and ubBurd that I laughed at the idea. But, before I had reached the top, it had taken full possession of me, and I felt cold and pule with dread. I could not bear tho uncertainty, and determined to ascertain, at any ruk, if my suspicions wore correct. Instead, thorefore, of thutting tho door from tho outside, I shut it with a gcod bang from tho inside and waited, scarcely breathing, at the top of tho stairs. After a minute's lhtening my ears caught a crash of glass, and then a rioh gurgle of fluid, that sent a thrill of horror through my heart. Another craEh, another gurgle, and then another and another, and even that strange scent of wine stioreer and stronger. It must be aa I thought, eo I crept like a cat down the stairs once more and gently opened the kitchen dcor. I'o one was there, but I heard another oraah and my aunt's voice exclaim iu a tone of exulted fervour : ' Glory — alleluia— another bait taken from Satan's trap!' I pa-sea across the kitchen and looked through the door of the Ecullory, and there I saw my aunt and one of her red- oheeked ser vant -wenches busily engaged in knooking the Leoke eff the cobwebbed bottles, and— oh, dese cration— ponring their priceless oontents amid potato parings, Eoapifidf, and baastlinesses of that sort down the Bink to gladden the hearts of tho rnte in the main Eewer. For a ftw moments I wan so taken aback I could sot tpeak or move. It seemed like a ghubtlj dream. Yet it was real, and I could nee an exalted look in my aunt's fece, and as I heard her exclaim with each cruel decapitation, ' Another bait tnatehed from Satan,' I knew tho poor woman was earnest in her conviotion, ajd imagined she was doing right. As I looked at this strange scene, thinking what oenree to take, an exclamation behind me made me tutn, and I raw in the kitchen the other red cheeked servant girl, bearing on her mus cular arm a bottle basket holding a dozen of wine the bed evidently brought up from tho cellar for tha purpose of immolation. Oh, William Elogg, you must have turned in your gr&ve.; If 1 had ever believed in ghoBta this work would have banished my belief, for if anything could have brought a ghost bjok to earth tho sacrifice going on would have brought yours back. That basket contained the very particular, the joy of jour hoart, the wino that only came fctih en tbe most important occa sion f, the very opening of which waa a re ligious ceremony, and fervent prayers went up over esch bottle that tha cork may have with stood the ravages of ycura and tho (vino be still sound ! And now ? Even if the servant had not diaooverod me, I should have interf ri cd then ; so I stepped toldly forward irto tie Ecullery and confronted the heartless executioners. The servant, look, icg theepit-h. and ashamed, put down the bottlo, the neck of which was just approaching tho edge of the stone- sink. My aunt, with the confeit uenesB of rectitude, met my gaze firmly. ' Thank heaven I returned,' I said. 'What does this mean?' ' Mean, John ! Only that I am doing my duty.' 'Doing ycur duty in pouring the finest cellar of wine in London cown a oominon link !' ' You know my views, John. I say tou:h not, tm-te not, handle not.' She has been toucbinur and handling with a vengeance, I thought, but I kept my temper, aLd said : . ' ? But, if you won't drink it, why not sell it ard give the'procc da to the poor if you like.' ' ito, John. I have considered the subject fully. My duty is to pour it down there. If I sell it — if I give it away — Bomeone will drink, and every drop of wine that passes down a man's throat helps to float him to per dition.' Her imagery was strange, but her mind was made up, eo after a puubu I said : ' Come nptteirfl and talk with me. Tell your ecivants to stop for a bit.' She followed mo, paying, ' It's no use tslk inp*. John ; my mitd iu made up.' I cntt about for a way to move her, and at lust, decided on a bold course. We Eeated curatives in the dining-room, near that polished raahogusy board in whioh poor old XJtiole Blsgg loved to fco the orystal de oiiiiters mirrored. Then I oommeneed, gravely : ' My dtur aunt, yon will understand that frcm motives of prudence I could not speak b(fire your servants us I can do now. Of citme, I do not dispute your rijjht to do what 3 cm like with ycur own, but I am sure you cor.Eot be uwaie of the penalties you are iu cuiring in this wholesale destruction of fer rcint-d liquors ' ' How do ycu mean ? ' she taid, startled. ' 1 meen,' I replied, in my most solemn accaits, 'that you are defrauding the exoiso i.nd are liable to heaty flee and, 1 believe, im plied ment.' ' But the wine is my own,' she argned. 'Precisely, so in this sovereign mine; bnt ?woie I to flip, debate, or destroy it, I lay m; self open to legal proceedings and punish mi ct Wino has paid duty and is protested in tho mmc mariner ob this sovereign.' 'x Bow unjust,' (he said. '? It maybe, to, hut it is tho law. Moreover, ilui itfoimor gets a good tharo of the fine, bo k o lit w jtu place yourself in jour servants' fewer, und what timptation you.exposo them to.' ' Put I will go (o prison and glory in my nmriyrcltni,' the laid, with an angelio look. 'Ifxcute me, my dear aunt, but I cannot i fiord to go to prlpcn, and as I am tho exeou tcr tnd lepporjtible for every thiLg. I should time jour fate. It may Boom Bolfiuh, but I must guard ogeiDBt Uiia. I thai), therefore, aik j ou to give no the key of tho cellar ; allow no to Beal up the door, and I promise you, at tho t jpiration' of a twelvemonth, -when I give yon ligal possession at everything here and mko jtvr (hue-barge, I will return the koy, and jcu mutt then please youratlf.' Now, I well know how frightened women are at the idea of coming into collision with tho law, so although the penalties I threatened her with were improbable and absurd, they set her thinking-, and I awaited her answer hopefully. I added, weight : — hough, as a make t ' How terribly vexed poor uncle would qavj been had be seen you to- day.' 'I believe, John, that in the place my dear husband now is, he fully realises the errors of his life, and oonld he look down' — or up I thought — 'he would be pleased to see my actions. ' I thought of the poor old fellow aa I last saw him at the table and smiled at the idea, but was tco wue to contradict her. After a pause she said:— ' Well, John, you have been very kind and attentive, and J ahonld not like you to get into tronble, so I will do as you wi?h. But, mind, at tbe end of 12 months nothing shall stop me throwing nil the wine away.' I saw tho basket of the ' very particular ' safely restored to its Bcug bin ; I looked th6 door, affixed my seal to it, and carried tho key Rway ; rejoicing that I had arrived in titna to save the wine. But my task was not half over. I kne ? my aunt eo well, and felt suro sho would carry out her threat at the expuation of tha timo named, so I wove a plot to obtain absolute possession of tho wine, without putting her in n mad house, or feven forfeiting her goodwill or any chance legacy. I said not a word about tho cellar, but when tho Eumtner Come persuaded her to go away to the seaside for a Ehort timo. With all her magnificent conduct as to wasting alcoholic treasures she was rather near and said she could not afford it. She would like to go for a month or two, but fonnd the expenses of her present houae too great. I suggested letting it furnished for the time to a respectable tenant. ELe fell in with the suggestion, and when, through the house agent, my friend Tom Sinclair offered to take the house at a hand some sum per week, and brought her unexcep tional references, the matter was settled, lorn said he had his own servants, so sho sent hers away on board wages. On tho evening of the Tom's warehouse, and in two or three journeys hauled it to my aunt's and stowed it in the baeement. The house was in a quiet neigh bourhood, and stood in a garden, bo wo ran little risk of detection. And then our work began. We were a month at it off and on, and I at sure you the labour was so hard that only the thonght of the rioh reward enabled me to tro through with it. Wo trusted no onn. bnt did everything ourselves. We took the bins regularly, emptied them cf their oontents, unpacked a sufficient quantity of our dread ful purchases to replace tham, and having done that, filled the empty oases with the real fcimon Pure, labelled each with the particulars, and nailed them down. In about a month our work waa eomplete, and tho 500 and odd dozons of the old man's cherished wine lay ready paoked for removal, whilst through oor carefulness the cellars pre sented an appearance veiy much tho eame as it did before we commenced our meritorions task. Tho risk of detection was rendered lesairom my nncle's havingfollowed the old-fashioned plan of filliog the bins with sawduBt. This, whioh was old and dirty, we carefully replaced, and ro loeiing and re-sealing the door, after paoking the last case, exeouted a dance of triumph at the success of our plot so far, and fully trusted to our cleverness in completely deoeiving the old lady. In the dusk of the evening we sent two large waggons to the houBe, and by 12 o'clock that night the rescued treasures were safe in Tom's warehouse under lock aud key. Of course our operations had left the basement of my aunt's house in a terrible litter, so we devoted another week to putting all that straight. This being done to our satisfaction, Tom -wrote to Mrs. Slagg, and enclosed a cheque for two months' rent, saying that his plans being changed he intended to leave tha house at once. The old lady, who had grown tired of the seaside, came back, and, although much diegutted at the dusty Btata she found the house in, and vowing nothing should induce her to let it again, never showed the slightest suspicion of what had transpired during her absence. Now, that I was happy as to the wines, I ?waited with great curiosity to see whether, at the expiration of the time of probation, she would carry out her intentions. I fouad that the was an firmly resolved as ever, and aa I wished to see the end of the affair after handing her the key with a feigned protest, I told her I had almost persuaded myself with her ideas she could not do otherwise, und offered to give her any assistance I could in the good work. Almost inoredulom, eho accepted my aid, and a good work it was to pour the filthy oontents of those bottles down the kitchen sink. Faugh ! it nearly made us all Bick ; but I know my assistance on that occasion secures me a good legacy, and she altered her will in my favour tha next day. The cream of the joke waa, that as the Eeivant girl brought up a basket full of the noxious compounds and reported that this was the vcry'laEt, my aunt hesitated for a few minutes, ar.d, as perhaps some tender re collections of her late husband presented them selves, sbid to me. ' JoIid, if you would like to take thin last dozen, for your poor uncle's sake, you o»n. I ???' cught to do away with all, I know, but ono dozen is very little from the large quantity I have soorificed. So take it, if yon wish ' I trembled at the idea, and answered us one who overcomes a severe temptation. ' My dear aunt, don't let any inclination of mine lend you from what you coneider your duty. No doubt, I bht-11 be better witboat it, so let it follow the rest.' £he gave me a grateful tmile, and the laBt dozen of William Slagg's supposed wine gurgled down the sink, and my annt cleaned herrelf from the stains of the sacrifice and went to a prayer meeting radiant and happy. She, no doubt, expects her reward hereafter, ontl doubtless the will receive it, for if ever a good act was done in this world, she did one when the pourod away that 600 dozen of horrible stuff called wine. John, having finitbod Mb tale, took n bright little h-y from his pocket, and rose. 'I hupprse your friend Sinclair claimed somo of the spoil !' I asked. . 'Oh, yeB, the wretch ! Wanted ISO dozen, bnt I managed to o mpruud for about half that quHntity. Somyoelhr oi wine was cheap after all and I can well epure that other bottla I am new goiDg to fetch.' 