THE STORYfii&ia.; The Strange Adventures of a House-boat. By William Black. Chapter XXVII. Te happy fields, unknown to noise and strife, The kind rewarders of industrious life ; Te shady woods, where once I used to rove, Alike indulgent to the Muse and Love; Te murmuring: streams, that in meanders roll, The sweet composers of the pensive soul ; Farewell — The city calls me from your bowers ; Farewell, amusing thoughts and peaceful hours AELY on this fair morning the welcome sun light is all around us — touching here and there on the red roofs half hidden among the wil lows and elms, making the old-fashioned inn and ivied bridge quite pic turesque and striking into the clear water so that we can see shoals of small fish darting this way and that over the beds of green weed. And here is Miss Peggy — herself as radiant as the dawn ; her eves shininer. and without malice ; a placid content upon her tranquil lips. ' So this is this last day of our voyage ?' she says. ' The last full day. We shall leave a few miles to do to-morrow, so as to get into Reading about noon.' ' When one looks back,' she says rather pensively, ' all those places we have seen [appear to be very far away now. Doesn't it seem ages since we euw Windsor Castle, with the Royal standard high up in the pale blue skv. Do you remember the fearful rain at Oxford — and the floods ? ' 'And Mr. A'Becket ? — yes. Tell me, did you ever answer the letter he was 60 kind as to send you about the antiquities of Gloucester ?' ' Well, I did not,' she said hastily. ' Don't you think your wife will do that for me ? She ought. The informa tion was for the whole party.' ' We shall be having some photographs of the boat done at Reading ; you can send him one of those ; that will square accounts.' ' Do you remember the flooded Cherwell— and how the Banbury people helped us— and then those moonlight nights at Warwick, and the ghostly drive to Kenilworth ? Then came the quiet meadows about Stratford ? ' 'Yes; and the sudden appearance of Rosalind in a 6itting-room of the Shakspearc Hotel ? ' She looks up quickly. ' You weren't reading your paper all the time ' Not all the time.' She laughs a little. ' I half suspected it. I was sure a man's curiosity would get the better of him. They talk about women : I thought you weren't so much taken up with politics. Well, what did you think of the performance ?' ' I thought it was very clever — until you jumped behind the curtain, which Rosalind wouldn't have done. Rosa lind wouldn't have been scared to death by a parlour maid.' 'I wonder who is likely to know most of what Rosalind would have done— you or I ?' 6he says saucily. ' To night will be our last night on board. You must have the costume still with you. May we hope for a repeti tion!'' 'Before Mr. Duncombe? My gracious, no J' she ex claims. ' I shouldn't mind Colonel Cameron so much — for your wife went and told him all about it ; but Mr. Dun combe — no.' 'Why, what can it matter? If you have worn the costume at a fancy-dress ball ? ' 'Yes; that's just where it is,' she says. 'You don't mind any sort of nonsense, if everybody else is in it. And I thought we might have some kind of masquerading, when we got into the Forest of Arden: that is why I brought the dress.' ' And there was none r' ' No — for Colonel Cameron was with us then to keep us in order. Ah ! well.. I fancy a quieter mood was better fitted for those strange solitudes. Do you remember the night we sat outside in the starlight, listening to the night ingale—with the boat all lit up among the dark branches ? If there are any ghosts in the Forest of Arden, they must have wondered what that fiery thing was, in among the willows. And all that, too. seems a long while ago, doesn't ?' she continues. ' Do you remember the beautiful wood we rambled through on a quiet Sunday morning, just outside one of the tunnels ? I suppose it must belong to somebody ; but it looked to me as if no one had ever seen it before. Do you remember the primroses, and the wild hyacinths, and the red flower — what was it? ? ' ' The campion.' 'And then to leave all that beautiful place and the sun light and go away into a black hole, scraping and tearing through the solid earth. We were getting used to the tunnels by that time, I think; but that first one— the great leng one — was just a little too dreadful. Do you remember the unearthly voice — My father died a drunkard, And I was left alone, and the small lamps far away in the darkness, and the red glow from the saloon showing us the rocky wall around us ? I suppose if we had bumped hard against the side, it would have been Angel Gabriel for the whole of us. Then came the long sailing down the Severn— why, even that seems ages ago. I suppose it is because each day is so crowded with different experiences; one is so interested at the moment that you forget what has gone before— until looks back. And there will be a great deal of looking back when once it is all over and we are in London as-ain. It will be an occupation for many an evening — if you will allow me to come and see you sometimes.' ' We will allow you to come and see us sometimes, if you are good.' ' There is one thing,' 6he resumes — as she is idly watch ing the small fish down in the clear deeps ; ' I have got to know something of what England is really like. I suppose when I hear people at home talking about their trip to England I shall be saying to myself, 'What, you!— ^ou think you have seen England? You haven't at all ! You i have only seen railway -England !'' 'Then you are retnrning to America?'7 one observes I casually. ' Why, of course, I must go back,' she says: ' Lut for how long is quite a different matter. I think my friends at Bournemouth must have had enough of me.' ' There's a house in London where your presence might be tolerated — indeed, they might even pretend to welcome you. And as you are going to Scotland with us in the autumn, in any case, why make two bites of a cherry?' . 'You arc very kind ; but I think it will have to be Ame riia first and Scotland afterwards,' she makes answer; and here the subject drops ; for Murdoch's silver tinkle summons us within. At breakfast there was clearly a foreshadowing of the end ; for already these good people were beginning to talk of the chief impressions produced by this long water ramble of ours. Mies Peggy's fixed ideas seemed to be the remoteness and the silence of those solitudes through which we had passed, and the profusion of wildflowers. Mrs. Threepenny-bit, on the other hand, had some fancy that in these rural wanderings you sot to understand something of the hold that the Church of England has on the national ! mind — the prominence of it even in the landscape — the small, venerable, strong, square-towered building dominat ing the tiniest village, the great Cathedral the principal feature, and the proudest possession, of the town. These imaginings were vague, but we knew the sentiment that prompted them ; and we knew that the importance accorded to the Church, whether in hamlet or in city, must have been grateful to her heart. Jack Duncombe said that his chief recollection was of waking up among willow- branches and wondering what part of the world he was in ; also that red blinds are capital things for windows, for they tell you in a moment whether there is sunlight outside or not ; for the rest, he looked back upon a most judicious combination of exercise and idleness ; and then he wound up with some thing very nice and appropriate about the companionship he had enjoyed, which was, no doubt, fully appreciated by his hostess and our pretty Peggy. Amid all these pleasant souvenirs, what was our surprise to find that Sir Ewen Cameron — the gentle Inverfask — alone was move;l to rage and resentment ? ' I don't mind owning- it,' said he, ' but for tho rest of my life 1 shall cherish an undying hatred of the cuckoo. It is a pity. You think of the cuckoo as the spirit of the woods — why, you mia-ht take it as the presiding genius of a trip like this. The beast! I never knew him bet ore. In : season and out of season — in the times of heaviest rain — | when not another bird is astir- -when ev:rything - lse is as ' still as the grave — that fool of a fowl keeps calling' away, with a persistency that is simply maddening. I sl;a}l jieyer J hear a cuckoo-clock without wanting to drive a charge of No. 4 shot through the works of it. I used to like the cuckoo. I would no more have dreamed of shooting one than of shooting a wren or a robin ? ' ' Sir Ewen, you wouldn't shoot a cuckoo !' Mrs. Three - penny-bit cried. *' I won't say ' Yes,' and I won't say * No,' ' he answered darkly; 'but it would be awkward for the cuckoo if it happened to come in the line of my gun. There's a blood- - feud between us henceforth. Fortunately, I never heard j of any cuckoo beiner in the Inverfask neighbourhood ; so J there won't be any temptation there.' . I This was a perfect day for the last. Tbe overarching blue had not even a speck of cloud; we atmosphere was j singularly clear and vivid ; a fresh breeze tempered the heat ] of tiie sun, and stirred the water into shining breadths of silver. Nor was there any want of exercise for those so j inclined; for this Kennet and Avon Canal seems to have quite fallen out of use ; and not only had we to open the ? locks and the swing-bridges for ourselves, but these had j grown so stiff that it was with the greatest toil and difii- j culty we got through. Occasionally our man-power proved insufficient; dust and stones had soldered up the junction between the bridge and the roadway, so that the former refused to move on its pivot ; in which case we had to get a rope and affix it to the horse, and then with his hauling and our pushing the slow-creaking thing would begin to revolve — to the no small wonderment of the cottagers. As there was no one at all looking after the locks, in order to save time Jack Duncombe and Captain Columbus went on ahead to get them open for us; and as the Young Dramatist | was rather fond of hard work, he had plenty of it over I those rotten old gates and paddles. When they had got tho i lock ready, we could see them, a long way oif, sitting in the sunlight — in their shirt-sleeves— awaitingus; and|a rumour that subsequently prevailed, to the effect that Captain { Columbus utilised these intervals of rest in 'snatching' pike from among the reeds— by means of an unholy instru ment that he possessed— is almost certainly groundless. At least we had no pike for dinner that evening. Our route at first lay through a long stretch of level marshland bounded on the north by a range of hills, on the weoded slopes of which are set a series of noble mansions, but at such distances apart that no doubt each proud owner, girt about by his ' policies,' is monarch of all he surveys. As we glided along through the hawthorn-scented air, our chief difficulty was to tell whether we were on a ri vcr or a canal, for the Kennet and Avon Canal and the river Kennet intertwist themselves in a remarkable manner, and seem to have all their chief characteristics in common. Which was it— as we were getting on to Newbury— that showed us, through the pellucid water, large subaqueous forests of various hues of green, with prodigiousn numbers of good-sized perch hanging motionless — or only a moving fin — until the prow of the Nameless Barce was almost on them, when they would make a sudden shoot out of danger ? Miss Peggy was called to the bow of the boat to watch this performance. Fat fellows those perch were, with their striped sides and red fins ; and mostlp they lay in tho clear spaces among the : weeds, so that wp could Bee them distinctly enough ; nay, | the wonder was t&at; they were so long in seeing us, for again | and again we seemed to be on the point of running down one j of fjjefT) the plump little water-zebra would wake a sudden dart aside. It was rather pleasant to cleave through this transparent world of wonders — at least, Miss Peggy seemed to find it so. She was clinging to the iron rail at the edge of the house-roof, so as to make sure she shouldn't | go over ; sometimes she hummed a bit of ' Kitty Well6,' but in no mournful mood ; the sunlight twisted strands of gold among the soft brown of her hair ; no doubt she felt die velvet-blowing breeze cool and fresh about her face. There was no need for all of us to be labouring away at those rotten old locks. Some good people liked gratuitous work, and no doubt it did them good. Even Sir Ewen Cameron, who was usually active enough, had not joined that volunteer brigade ; he was sittingin the stern -sheets, talking to his hostess— and in a sufficiently serious manner. We did not know what he was consulting iier about, and v, o did not care. We were bent on catching a p-ivli asleep, and a hundred and a hundred times we were so nearly succeeding that it seems hard to call the result, a defeat. About mid-day we came in sight of Newburr, the pink houses of which looked very pleasant among the golden meadows and the various greens of poplar and maple. A brisk and lively little town we found it to be, and of much quaint picture squeness in its Eetting and surround ings. We had a delightful stroll in the afternoon along the banks of the winding water-way that is sometimes the canal and sometimes the Kennet and sometimes both combined. The land in our immediate neighbourhood still continued marshy — here and there flushed pink with masses of ragged robin ; and occasionally they were nursery-beds of water cress, with clear rills running through them. The river side path was profuse with wild flowers and long lush grass ; and everywhere were hawthorn trees and hawthorn bushes smothered in bloom. A perfect silence prevailed over this wide, flat, swampy district, save for the cry of a startled peewit, or the distant soft tinkle of a sheep-bell. As to whether we paused at any point of our long ramble to allow our young American friend to try the 6plit-cane rod, nothing shall be set down here; international complications should be studiously avoided. As the mellow evening drew on apace, we began to think it was but little wonder the Kennet river was haunted by artists. To be sure, the country around seemed to us. who had teen in more lonesome wild6, to have a kind of suburban look about it ; but thrn we were drawing near to civilisation and the great highway of the Thames ; while as for the Kennet itself, it seemed to woo the landscape-painter at every sylvan turn. Just before we got to Aldermaston, we passed along and under a magnificent avenue of overbruncli Ing elms and ash and poplar ; and the masses of foliage, rising far into the evening sky, were aglow in the now western light. Aldermaston itself — or such outlying bit of it as was visible to us— had ' F. Walker' written on every feature of it— the wide river, tho shallow folds, the sandy banks, the trees and scattered cottages warmed by the quiet sunset radiance. When we got to our moorings for the night, under some tall larch-trees in private grounds, the owner of which was moBt courteous to us, there was the faintest touch of crimson low down in the west, and the pale crescent of the new moon hung in the golden clear sky, It was our last night on board; and yet it cannot bo said we were a particularly mournful company. No; for in spite of all kinds of sinister warnings and prophecies — and in spite of difficulties that at the moment threatened to be insur mountable — we had brought our expedition to a successful issue ; and all we had to do now was to celebrate our triumph by a little frolic at Henley, to 'aid in which a few innocent young creatures of both sexes had been summoned. But in the meantime we had to decide what was to be done with the Nameless Barge. To-morrow we should be back in the Thames again, at Reading. Should wo take her down to Kingston, whence we had started, and find her quarters there ? Or should we send her up the river to Henley, with a view to the forthcoming regatta ? ' I will settle that matter for you,' said Colonel Cameron, as we sat at dinner. ' Or rather, I have settled it for you. I am going to buy this boat.' ' Really !' said one of us, who seems to think he might have been consulted. 'Yes,' he continues, in a 'very cool manner ; ' and I will show you why. If you keep her at Henley or anywhere else on the Thames, you will be con tinually planning trips and ex cursions, which will waste a great deal of your time. You will want to get value for your money. You would get value iu one way, but not in another. She would be a standing temptation to you. Therefore I am going to buy the boat from you and take her away.' ' But, Sir Ewen,' Mrs. Threepenny- bit exclaims, in amazement, ' what on earth could you do with a boat like tills ' 1 wi'l explain that to you, ' saj's this tall Highlander, with great equanimity. 'Ju.s't be low the belt of wood at Inverfask there is a quiet little b;iy, very fairly protected by rocks — iu fact, close to the shore it is per fectly sheltered. I propose to anchor a buoy some way out ; and have a wire rope connecting it with the land; then, you perceive, by means of a traveller, you could run this boat along whenever you wished : and you would be out at sea, safe and secure— a small floating homo that would be very convenient for a hundred things. You might want to give Your visitors afternoon tea. Or you might have a little dinner-party in the saloon, for the fun of the thing; 1 have secured Murdoch— iie will be captain, cook, and steward. Oryou might be quite by yourselves; and if it was a hot evening— and the midges troubling you on shore — you just step on board, and haul your selves out to sea. Or, again, supposing Mr. Duncombe were coming round that way— I hope he will— and wanted* a quiet day's work done, wouldn't that be a secure retreat for him? There could be no better isola« tion, surely, or more perfect silence; that would be a place to write!' 'It sounds tempting, cer tainly,' young Shakespeare made answer — perhaps with wistful visions of not absolute isolation floating before his mind. ' Of course, you would have to ask permission' Inverfask continued: ''and not from nie. No, not from me; it is not for myself I propose to make the purchase; it is to be a little present.' Why was it that all this time our urettv Pp^ot Viofl | sitting with eyes downed ? she know of this auda j cious scheme; and could ** concern her in any way 'r I 'Then,' said he, 'w^en I have got possession of the boat — and I have shown you how absolutely necessary and reasonable it is that I shou'd .get possession of her — to hand her over, that is — then she no longer be known as the Nameless Barge. Oh, no ; *^heu she is at her new moor ings in the north we mus^ find a proper name for her/' He looked across the table (and Peggy's eyes were still downcast). 'And do yon what I propose to call her? Well, I have been- thinking 1 could not do better than call her Rosalind's Bo'weR-' THE EIfD* Jack Duncombe and Captain Columbus waiting for the boat. 