AUSTRALIAN JOCKEY CLUB. SPRING MEETING. SECOND DAY. TUESDAY, SEPT. 36. THE METROPOLITAN STAKES BY SPECIAL WIRE] Fitoit "Aucun," OF THE AusTitALAaiAif. SYDNEY, TUESDAY. The second day of the A J C Spring Meet- ing took place in most charming weather, but the attendance was a good deal below 10,000. The grand stand enclosure, however, was rather inconveniently crowded. His Excellency Lord Carrington arrived after the first race had been decided, and was received with the National Anthem. Those who had pinned their faith to Cardigan for the Metropolitan were not kept long in suspense to di), for he was struck out early in the afternoon Business opened with the Shorts, and of the 17 that faced the starter 'Tilburn was most in demand. The Hilt and Newmarket were also backed freely. Some delay took place at the start, Royal Jester being the principal delinquent, but Mr. Watson succeeded in getting the field off on pretty equal terms. From the distance the issue was left to the favourite and Dilisk, 'lilburn having all the best of the struggle, and winning rather easily Backers had the best of the bargain in the Grand Stand Plate, for they plunged on to Sloth, and the ancient gelding rewarded, them for their confidence by) winning easily, and on being submitted to auction he was bought in at £70, not hull ma value. S. Robinson weighed out for Allandale, but the horse bolted, and running into a fence injured his jockey so severely that he had to be conveyed to the hospital. After luncheon had been disposed of half- a-dozen numbers were hoisted on the board for the Minden Stakes, and Wycombe being in much better temper than on Saturday his friendship first laid Oto 1 on him, but a demonstration in favour of Briar caused the favourite to ease a little, and the In) era accepted even money. Bluenose made play, and at one time looked like stealing a march, but the favourite joined him after they swept into the straight, and disposed of him without much of an effort. With Cardigan the only one withdrawn from the Metropolitan, eleven were left to go to the post, and in the matter of favouritism there was not much to choose between Frisco and Lamond, though the former had the call. Neither of the favourites could be looked up in as a beauty, for both were decided I) plain, yet there was nothing to find fault with in their condition, for they had undergone thorough preparation. I never saw anybody more confident about a big race than were those most intimately associated with Lamond. He had performed a wonderful time gallop, ran well in the Derby), and was as fit as it was possible to make him. Mr. thiimon'a pair, Arsenal and Touchstone, were both in splendid form ; but though Arsenal had proved himself the better stayer of the two, Touchstone was most in favour with the public. Abercorn, who looked all the better for his gallop of Saturday, had a large circle of admirers, and he was legitimately backed right up to the fall of the ling Honeydew looked well, and Blamey was considered the best of the outside division. The Nun had no friends, for 50 to 1 was offered against her without leading to business. Very) little time was cut to waste in the preliminary, nor did Mr. Watson keep them long at the past, for after two or three false attempts he dropped his flag to one of the best starts ever seen. The history of the race can be told in a few lines, for Lamond went to the front directly after the start, and there be remained to the finish. Huxley did not care to make anything like a decent pace with Touchstone, and Lamond consequently was never thoroughly extended. Approaching the home turn the second time it looked for a moment as if there was going to be a race, but Lamond bounded away) again and won in the hollowest fashion, no such victory having been achieved in a big two miles hands cup since Haricot won the Melbourne Cup. Arsenal and Abercorn ran gamely enough, but they had not the ghost of a chance with Lamond, who was purchased as a Yearling by Mr. Thomas Lu mond at the sale of Mr. Chirnside's yearlings lot something like SO guineas Through having Mr. D. Cooper's horses in training, he did not care to keep him, and sold him to a patron of Joseph Cook's stable for 600 guineas He has proved a bargain indeed, For, though it was stated a few days before the rate that his party had been forestalled, and there was some chance of the gelding being scratched, the owners won it last stoke, and the ring suffered considerably. Lamond, who was bred in Victoria, is by Newminster from Axiom, by Firestick, and he is engaged in the Caulfield and Melbourne Cups for both at which he has incurred penalties, his weight now being 7st. 10lb. for the former and 7st. This. for the latter. Considering that the day was delight- fully line, and the course in splendid order, the time was slow ; but even had the race been run much faster, nothing could have beaten the winner, though Arsenal and Abercorn might have made a better race of it. The mining fraternity) suffered a severe reverse in the Oaks, for which they readily laid odds on Voile), but notwithstanding that the race was run at a slow pace, just to suit her, Pearl shell defeated her very dear early. After the race Valley was terribly distressed. L) unburst and Simon were most in favour for the Squatters' Handicap, and Power, on Lyndhurst, riding a beautitull)-timeil nice, lauded his horse a clever winner. Details : THE HllOlU-S, Of 5 Sovs each, with 200 son s settled Six furlongs. Mr. H te, Corella b g lilburn, h) Klut'»broui,h 'Ubi,),0)i», test bill (K Miiltli).1 Sir H Osborne's first kills., J )ra, Tst. Olli. (Uunliei).2 Mr A. W. linLht'a br o Riche, 4 in, 8st (O'Urlcn).t Mr. J. Monaghan us oh ( Mantilla, 3 y yrs, 7st. 4lb Fielder .... t Hon. W A. Long's ch t Consequence, 30 ra, 8st 4lb. (Oorr)) 0 Mr R. Hunter's cr o Crowing, 3 yrs, Sat 4lb. (MCaoo).0 Mr. H Giltinan, Jim, ns ch g Hugo, 6) r, 8st 4lb. (Hinman) ., 0 Mr. R. Uxenliaiii's of The Gift. 3 yrs, Esq, Mrs. (Harrison Mr. R) J. Campbell's br of Stocks oil, 4 yrs, 8st 2lb. (killers Mr. I. dish is b of Otto, 8 Yrs, 'st 10lb. (J. McMahon) 0 Mr. S (jurilinc.r'8 b 0 Royal Jester, 4 yrs, Vat 8lb. (I lorries 0 Mr It II. fell's once No winners, 4 yrs, "7st. 61. (llollat).0 Mr. P. Utiitforcl na br or bk g Attraction, 0 rs, 9st 10lb (t alia) 0 Mr J. K Doyle's b ( lease 4 yrs, Oat 71, (Commet.) 0 Mr W Kerr tutor's than Romany Itotiulo, 6 yrs, 6st 71!) (Moonee Mr J ciouirh's b g Scattcrllcltl, 6 yrs, 6st. 4lb. (Creek) .. V . 0 Mr. T. Lamond's ch g Pastmaster, 3 yrs, Oat. ("still Plane) 0 betting! -4 to 1 agst I return 5 to 1 each agst The Gift tuiJ swindle, is in 1 agat lillian. There was a slight delay at the post, ROyal Jester being conspicuous for his facetiousness, but eventually) they were sent away to a pretty even start, tilling, Jessica and lilburn biliar amongst the Urn divisions and no city in the hill the colours of Jen its, little, lilburn, Roman) locally, and Helios were most prominent which Royal Jester chopped to the rear, tilling was first into the straight, situated h) hills and who joined issue at the distances, and a dinner r e.. between the. sir ended in favour of lilburn by half a length Helm and Martella three Icivthstil running ade and heat for third (Stockwell was Bills, followed In little mill Ino Ulfa. Royal Jester being last all the way Little Instit used. BRAND HAMS I'l VOTE, OF SOOsovs. Winner to be sold for girls Otto mile. for my. horses I. cr built, In Rio immense-. floral iDg Girl, told, me, Tat Till. (R. W minus) 1 Mr I. is. il.iuu'sch in Illinois, sire, «II,7"t.61b. (Gainsforth) 2 Mr. S Fielder's eli li Albion, t. ) ra, nil, "st 13s. ("totaliser) 3 Mr G. W Murray's by li Ascot, Oin, Hill, 7st. 10lb. (M'Oibe) 0 Mr John Moore's b g Here a Luck, aged, nil, 7st 7lb. (linen) 0 Mr J l!ou"h'4brglho frock, 5yrs, nil, 7st. 7lb. (Clear) 7, 0 Mr J, Monaghan fish o huron, II ) r, nil, Ost scab (Monstrous) . 0 S ltohlu.011 weighed out for Allendale, but the horse bullet!, and to take no part in the lies I cating -r. to 4 years Moth 4 to 1 beat Ascot, 5 to 1 agst Cinnamon, 7 to 1 each state Butterly and licenses have Albion delay ed the start through breaking away several times, but Mr Watson at last got them off to a capital start Here's Luck and flour being.' quite lost upon their land and the former put out the work at a good part Albion and Ascot In the second and third with Moth in close attendance, ariel Cameron tait fire » I held her. up the hill, but Ascot upon me! I Mut at the top, "sloth I) hear third, but after entering the straight the fast unto deprived Ascot of the length, and should suit, all trade an effort to a, trip to him, -I and won in a canter by a lunatic, Albion three lengths off being third, Mlmvcc! bl acres each: and Llnttriu lime, lunn sizes. M Hay, M filly N HI Mil S, Ofoiovs calf, w Ita 1.00 sons trebled, second, CO shots. one chain and a half Mr W Gannon's br M vct.mbe, I.) Maribyrnong Cueilli home, 7st Jib. (Cover) , I Mr I). H Kow le) a bro Blueness, J ira, 7st Dib. (Know) .... 2 lit I Ivuvanshl lines I yrs 7st 411. (Argall) 3 Mr J Monaghan! na br e Cfeilinicdc, 3 yrs, 7st HU. (Uiilitslorthi . 0 Mrs house in b c Friar, J) ra Tat nil. (II and. Harris) . . 0 Mr A lllontlleldsb I Always (late Adelaide), 1 yrs, 7st 4lb (Nurrlkiir) 0 Kunine. -I son and 6 to 4 on Vt)colilbo, b 15 s unit tartar, 10 To letters. blueness for!, pay at a fair pace and led his field lipthu»trait,lltatiu past the stand followed by Their, briar, and Wycombe Blueness full round the turn, and before reaching the mile post he had placed a cap of a dozen lengths between himself and the others, lines still holding a. court position and Wy combo third No material alteration occurred u they ran along the back: stretch, but Illuenoie'i load was de ceased >? they mounted the bill, and Vt y combo, who took second place before reaching the turn, drew up at the oil can be and disposing of Blue nose In a few strides Mr Gannon i colt won easily by two len nth a llwtU was a moderate third for lowed by Brian. Alcala, and Game mode Time, -min 43sec. THE GREAT METROPOLITAN STAKES. Of 20 sovs. each with 1 000 nova. arMed Second, 200 even. third ICO move. To of miles Mr J Cook's br g Lamond by Non minster Axiom 3yrs Cut 4lb (Helier) Mr R Gan ions bril Arsenal 6 yrs Sat (Pour) 2 Hon Jas White such a Abercorn, 4 yrs, 9st. 8lb, (Unit) 3 Mr John Mai e s b h Honey) dew aged, 8st Gib (Jail. Consider) 0 air M S Mackenzie's b in The Min, 5 yrs 8st 2lb (Moore) 0 Mr A I- Cornwell's b or br m Pet Girl. 6 yrs Take. Sir. (I am) 0 Mr H Itob rts s br h Leichhardt, 6 yrs, Sat Gib. (John Gough ) 0 Mr 1 "nations br g Frisco, 5 yrs 7st. 4lb, Argall) 0 Mr W ( union s b or br- Touchstone), 4 yrs 6st. 10lb (Huxley) 0 Mr W I frorrcster*schc Blarney. 4 yrs. 9st. 8lb (Uuiihu) 0 Mr W Kelso's ch m rUle 6yrs 6st (M Auliffe) 0 Betting -7 to 2 a is an Frisco 4 to 1 as at Lamond 6 to 2 away Abercorn 7 to 1 each agst llano) dew and Touchstone 10 For Agst blarney 12 lol aunt Arsenals to latest Field 21 of each latest Pet Girl and L Ichharlt o) to 1 first The Nun After two or three fast action is Mr Watson gave the word teaspoon I'd sail the whole field moving: away 'almost in line Honeydew Elaine) and Ian and were the first to el o Y in advance and in a ft. x states 1 uno 11 shot out with a clear lead and he cut out the. none of us, the. back stretch but the pace was hot very severe lamond led his horses in the I Hi and nil,lu),> increased its lead Warne) Touchau ne Pet Girl fresh lard Frisco Hone) de V and America composing them Idle division with The Nun Al perform and it is breaking, up the rear Touchstone ran into second place after i*iß->inL, the half-mile post, and about at the three far farms post 1 Mr lost several To deaths through a due. rushed, at her Lamond, going At I with n h 11 list, fled into the h trail, lit and Lou h stone, plain., double was I) I am. next Let (. Irl Blamey ant I richards been at the head of the others who were shipped In by L Le All up the fit in the Lunn a 1 in the third his advantage and pain in. the stand he. was closely) atte ided Latouche tone her Girl Mare, Leichhardt Frisco The Nun toned w Abercorn, Aruma, and lisle Iheylctt the straight much in this order and as they passed the mile post but at the seven furlong POst Touch Stone, who was still pullltL, hard lot CIUJO to the leader Harness and I collar is also holding prominent positions white The Su i deep) ed to the rear with I Mr Lamond passe I the box furlong post half a 11. itself In front of Ton dr stone Pet Girl and three treading close down their heels, with Fris of next Mart this point At cream beat an to improve his position but after rising the hill Touchstone sudden I) collapsed and U area) went on in pursuit of Limond who was galloping an if it were no trouble to him to lead the Held Arno Bay and Lisle now began to n take a forward move, and at the three furlong post The Nun invite an extra ordinary run from the rear seat division towards the leaders but the just as quiet li retired, and Limond i entered the homes return just In front of Ontario who had Lists and Al trench at low tide while Aroona, was threading 1 U was) towards the leaders Whtnfairl) in the ht rai tent Illunie) died away and Abercorn and Arsenal made most determined efforts to get on terms with La not d but though the two top weight 8 got clear of everything else they could never at proach La none who won with ridiculous vile by eight lengths from Arsenal with Abercorn a good third followd b, liste, starring, Honeydew 1 Gebhardt luii(ht>toii(. frisco, The Nun, and 1 at Girl Time, Jialn do See. hot A value of the stakes of 100 THE A J C GREAT METROPOLITAN STAKES Two miles. w. and w --cuit-iOj!*-wti>-OÖ3,iE) 9 st SENSE IS S K S ¿"siíS liH THE KK Big" Hill It was Es P 74 N g ii saw it go- 2 S" SE ea- 3 2s llJ*_ 5 lb 2-c-°^| S S B g 5 Signs S«S Q is so * Including lb penalty t Including Iib over t Including 5lb penalty AJO OAKS Of 20 SOVS. each with 500 SOVS. added ; second, GO tots , third roses. One mile and a half Mr J Marshall ns br f Parrish H, by Musket 1 nearly h but. 10th (U 0 tried) 1 Mr J White M br f Vol lay, b M ink at-Law) Vivian, fast. 10lb. (lUlo-0 2 Mr J Monaghan s b f lion tile Spec by Robinson Crusoe- Lady Spec Set. 10lb (smith) 3 Mr «b. Kt) s b of Roma M to, be Musket Sister Agnes, 8st. 10lb (Qillauhttr) 0 Betting -3 to You \ else), 3 to 1 spot Bonnie Spec, 10 to 1 last I oArlsheil They Jump d away upon equal terms and in a few strides I pearlshell wrestler to the front, and cut out the work at a moderate pace. By the time they reached the stand IN bushell had increased her lead to six German, and Houille issues was four lengths in front of Voile) and Lena Ware, who were side by side. The same order was preserved round the turn and post the mile post but at the seven fur to the gold bonus SALE took to demand Pearlshell lying around and Bona Vista a not in front of the favourite. Bonnie spot ted them up the hill and along. the bend the others being to gather three lengths away Uonme Spee was first into the straight, but below the din Un co Valley had her in trouble, but O Ltrion now made history on UarUhoil up to the end of the band the favourite seemed to have the best of it but O Brien called upon Pearlshell for a or an effort and go I want) responding, she got her hand in front, and won cleverly by a neck Bonnie Spee three lengths off third, allows Vista last Time 2min Unto Tilt SQUATTERS HANDICAP, Of 5 SOVS. each with SOO sow added second 60 soft. Ona villa and a quart r Mr James M Gills b h Lyndhurst b> Westminster -1 limit, furn, 8st 2lb (Power) Mr H Hun tors b h Theorist 5 yrs 8st 8lb (M Cabin) Mr H Oxenham's b m Lady Marion 6 yrs, Sat (Harris) Mr L. H Knight has Keith (Dr Ott. (higher) Mr W Houses b m serious a fire, 7st 12th (Uootau) Mr J Phillips g m 24th, 4 yrs 7st 7lb (M Nulty) Mr T UrownsrhgSimun nuts 7st. 7lb (Moore) hon James White's bb Aberdeen, 4 yrs 7st, 71 (Huxley)) . Mr D J Campbell's br h Stockwell, lyre, 7öt.h (Dunhey) Betting -5 to 2 agst Lyndhurst, S to 1 BL it Simon, 5 to 1 each agst Lady Marion and Theorist S to I ask Aberdeen, 10 to 1 each nest Keith Mockw oil, and Faith A splendid start was effected and Simon shot to the front, and led round the turn, followed by an Marlon, Blackwell and A heard ei n, I) am home acting as whipped In Aberdeen and faith joined Simon and then ran along the bi k stretch and the three were followed by) Ihiorltt Who linseed oil his position at the top of the hill and in the end he took up the. running but Lwidh first joined Issue after passing.' the distance and Power, fish and. on Theorist just moved on Ijndhurot at the end of the stand and won with ridiculous ease by half a neck Lady Marion third followed by Stockwell Aberdeen, Keith, Vespasia and almost Time 2min 13sec 