The Blind Brother. A Stoby or tiie Peukbvlvasia. Coal Mises. [The author, Homer Greene, received for this ? story the first prize, l,;)00- dollars, otforod by tho Boston Companion in 1S86 for the best serial story.] In Eight CnArrajts. CHA1TEB I. — L03T IS THE MlNB. (Continued.) Benxte's faith in Tom was fully justified. No nineteenth century boy could have been moro mhnly, no knight of old could have been moro true und tender than was Tom to tho two beings whom ho loved best upon nil the earth. 'But the father, kiddie,' said Jack, still armed and curious; ' whaur's tha father ? ' 'Dead,' answered Bonnie. 'Ho caino from tho old country firnt, an' then ho sent for mommie an' us, an' w'en wo got here he was dead.' ' Ah, but that was awf u' sad for the mithor ! Took wi' the fever, was he i' 'No; killed in tho mine. Top coal fell an' struck him. That's the way they found him. We didn't see him, you know. That was two weeks before me an' Tom an' mommie got hero. I wasn't but four years old then, but I can remember how mommio cried. Sho didn't havo much timo to cry, though, 'cause she had to work so hard. Mommio's al'ays hud to work so hard,' added Bennie, reflectively. Tho man began to movo nervously on the bench. It was apparent that some strong emotion was taking hold of him . Ho lifted tho lamp from his cap again and held it up close to Bennio's face. ' Killed, said ye — i' the mine — top coal foil ?' ' Tcb, an' struck him on the head; they said ho didn't ever know what killed him.' Tlic brawny hand trembled so that tho flame from the spout of the little lamp went up in tiny waves. 'Whau — whaur happened it— i' what place — i' what mine f' ' Up in Carbondale. No. ( shaft, I think it was; yes, iho. o. Bcimio spoko somowhat hesitatingly. His quick ear had caught the change in tho man's voice, and he did not know what it could mean. ' Hin nsme, lad ! gi' me the father'sname !' Theginnt'B huge hand dropped upon Bennie's little one, and held it in a painful grasp. Tho hoy Blurted to Iub feet in fear. 'You won't hurt mo, sir! Please don't hurt mo; I can't see!' ' Not for the warld, lad ; not for Iho wholo warld. But I must ha' tho father's name; toll mo the father's name, quick !' 'Thomas Taylor, sir,' said Beunie, us ho ?auk back, trembling, on the bench. Tho lnmp dropped from Juck Rennio's hand, and lay, smoking, ut his feet. His huge frame seemed to hare shrunk by at leustTa quarter of its size ; und for many minutes ho sat, silent and motionless, seeing as little of the objects mound him us did tho blind boy at Ills side. . - At'hift he roused himself, picked up his lam}), und rose toyliis feet. 'Well lad, Bcimie, I mus' bo a-going; j.'ood-bye till ye. Will tho blither como for yer' ' 01:, yen,' answered Bennie, 'Tqmal'.ays stops for me; ho ain't como up from tlio foot yet, but ho'U come.' I-teimio turned away, and then Uuncd buck again. , ' Whaur's tho lamp f' fc.e asked; ' have ye nolichf'r' ' 'No; I don't ever havo any. It wouldn't bo any good to me, you knefw.' Once more Iho iiiiin stur^fcd down tho houding, but after he had gone a short distance a thought seemed to strike him, and ho( came buck to where Bennie was still fitting. ._ ' Lad, I thocht to toll }-e ; ye s'all go to the city wi' your eyes. ± ha' money to sen' ye, an' ye s'a?l go. I — I— Ocr-ew the father, lad.' Before Beunie could express. his surprise and gratitudo ho felt a strong hand laid gently on his shoulder, and a rough bearded face pressed for a moment against his own, and then Ms strange visitor was jjono. Down tho heading the retreating footsteps echoed, their touud swallowed up at last in tho distance; and up- at Bennie's doorway silence roigued. For a long time the boy sat, pondering the meaning cf tho strange man's words and conduct. But tho moro ho thought about it tho less ablo was ho to understand it. Perhaps Tom could explain it, though ; yes, ho would tell Tom about it. ' Then it occurred to him thutit was long past timo for Tom to coino' up from tho foot with his last trip for tho day. , It was Htrangc, too, thut the. men should all go out together that way ; he did not understand it. But if Tom would onlyeouic— Ho rose und walked down tho heading a little wav : then ho turned and went m- through tho doeir and along tho airway ; then he came back to his bench again and Kit down. Ho was sure Tom would come; Tom hud never disappointed him ybt, arid ho know ho' would not disappoint him for tho world if ho could help it. Ho knew, too,' that it was long after quitting- time1, and thero had not bopii a sound that ho could hear in tho inino for 'an hoiny though ho had listened carofully. '/'''' ' After a wliilb ho began to grow 'nervous ; 'iho stillness bcoamo' oppr'essivo ; ho' could not 'endure it. Ho determined, to try to' find , the ! way out by himsolf. , Ho hud walked to' the foot of the slope alone ohoo, the day Tom was ' siok, nnd ho thought ho could' do it again. ' ' '' So' ho made sure 'that his door was tightly bloBcd.then he took his dinner-pail aiid started bravely down tho heading^ striking tho rails'. of tin mine ear- track on each side with his ' cane asho went along to guide him.' '-'.'. ) ' Sometimes:; ho would stop and listpn, for a moment,' if,' perohan'cV'ho' migh't hoar'Tom .coming to in'cot ; binvj or, pOBsiblv, Voino belated 1 labourer ' going; out from' anptuer part'pf tho ' iiiino':' then' hearing nothing,' ho would triidgo 'on agliiri.' :- '1:!| ?' ''?'?' ' '' ': ''?''? -' ' ' ';i',^')'l' ; '. After n- long timo epffnt tints lio thdu&h;'d'lie must bo near the foot of tho slope ; ho know ho had walked far enough to bo there. Ho was tired, too, and Bat down on tho rail to rest. But ho did not sit thero long ; ho could not bear the Bilencc, it was too depressing, and after a vory little while ho arose and walked on. The caps in tho track grew higher ; onco ho Btombled over ono of them and fell, striking his nido on tho rail. He wan in much pain for a few minutes ; then ho recovered and went on more carefully, lifting his feet high with every stop, and reaching ahead with his cano. But his; progress was very slow. Then thoro cumo upon him tho sensation of being in a strange place. It did not seem like the heading along which he went to and from his daily work. Ho reached out with his cano upon each side and touched nothing. Surely thero was no place in tho heading so wido as that. ' -?,... But he kept on. By-and-byo ho became awaro that ho was doing down a stoop incline Tho echoes of his footsteps had a hollow sound, as though ho were in some wide, open space, and his cunc Rtruek one, two, three props in succession. Then he knew ho was eomewhero in a chamber, and knew, too, that he was lost. He sat down, feeling- weak nnd faint, and tried to think. He remembered that nt a point in tro bending, about two-thirds of the way to thoJoot, a piiBsago branched off to tho right, crossed under tho slope, und run out into tho southern part of the mine, where ho had nover been. Ho thought ho must have turned into this cross-heading, and followed it, and if ho had it would bo hard indeed to tell whoro ho now was. Ho did not know whether to go on or to turn back. Perhaps it would be better, after all, to sit still until help should come, though it might be hours, or even days, before anyone would find lain. Then came a new thought. What would Tom do ? Tom would not know whoro ho had fono. Ho would novor think of looking for im away off here ; he would go up tho head ing to tho door, and not finding him there would think that his brother had already gone home. But when ho know that Bonnie was not at home ho would surely como back to tho mine to search tor him ; ho would come down tho slope ; maybe he was at that very moment at the foot ; rauybe Tom would hear him if he should call, 'Tom: O Tom !' Tho loudest thunder burst could not have been moro deafening to tlio frightened child than the sound of his own voice a3 it rang out through the solemn stillness of tho mine, and was hurled back to his ears by the solid masses of rock and coal that closed in around him. A thousand echoes went rattling down the wide chambers and along the narrow galleries, and sent back their ghosts to play upon the nervous fancy of the frightened child. Ho would not have shouted like that again if his life had depended on it. Then' silence fell upon him ; silence like a pall — oppressive, mysterious! and awful silence, in which ho conld almost hear the beating of his own heart. He could not endure that. He grasped his cane again and started on, search ing for a path, stumbling over caps, lulling sometimes, but on and on, though never so slowly ; on and on; until, faint and exhausted, ho sank down upon the damp floor of the mine with his face in his hands and wept, in silent agon} , like tho lost child that ho was. Lost, indeed, with those miles und miles of black galleries opering and winding and cross ing all around him, and he lying prestrute amd powerleis alone in tho midstof that deflation. (To he continued.') 