HOME READING. Now, girls, don't take the alarm and nee my lecture under the impreBeion t 11 hare come to snatch yonr beloved_novel, fori oonldn't offer yon anything in its place, and I mean to be fair. I only aBk the privi lege of making a suggestion or two in re gard to it. . , . , \- I might open with a series of grave remarks to the effect that most persons oonld trace many of their early mistakes and consequent nnhappinesB to the false notions imbibed from novels, which would be true, but I should, no doubt, be promptly out short with the slightly indignant rejoinder that you had heard that ever since you were in short clothes without its producing the slightest medicinal effect. 1 could also refer to the period when I sat nightly curled up on the foot of my bed pouriog over the fascinating pageBofJane Eyre," " Les MieBrables," or " Vanity Pair," long after sensible people were asleep, and getting the conviction more deeply fired every minute that there wae something out of joint about my very prosaic and common place existence. In short, that the great unknown world outside of mine teemed with the delightful and interesting creations of try author, but that it was my misfortnne never to have found them. I could also give you the sequel to all this nocturnal extravagance in the matter of time and coal oil by whispering that since then I have been duly convinced that I should never have recognised my most admired characters if passing in palpable, breathing procession beiore my very eyes. Why ? Because many of them received their breath of life from the parental brain of the author alone, and like the ghost in " Hamlet," would have vanished at aawn—of judgment. For the rest, I should have needed my novelist right at my elbow to translate for me the outer hieroglyphics of character, to disclose the seoret springs of human motive, or reveal the inner Bhinicg of spiritual loveli neee. The good novelist is the genius who can do thie in a book, but we must not attempt to apply bis measurements to the people we know unless we can borrow his spiritual diviuiug-rod and clairvoyant clearness of vjsicn. You often hear it alleged that novel read ing endangers your peace of mind, content ment, &c.; aleo leads you to despise the day of email tilings. Whenever this is true it antes from a misconception of the novel's true character and mission. If you could believe that you were looking only on pictures of human life in novels instead of the real thing yon could discern where novels deceive by appealing to the ideal in your nature alone. The artist may paint a comparatively dis agreeable scene, but whatever his fidelity the harsher features do not appear as in life, nor do we feel the shock of looking upon the original in nature. Thus the delineation of villainy in fiction does not shock our moral sense or ronse in as that antipathy which we have been educated to feel, but rather the reverse. In this fact alone lies muoh of onr danger. And now. girls, let me give yon an antidote to the restlessness and disBatisfaotion that succeed the perusal of some fascinating tale, in which even a first-class author has covered a very commonplace John and Mary with glory and left tbem enjoying the rewards and honours resulting therefrom. First look about you searchingly and candidly among yonr prosaic neighbours and see if you can not discover among them individual oases where the patient perseverance in rugged paths of dnty, fortitude under trial, and AnoBteDtatioua heroism on special occasions will move yonr heart and command your admiration as never before when considered ,in their true relation to the heroes and heroines .in print. Next be assured that all authors are more ideal than practical, and that as regards honours and rewards always coming to the right persons at exactly tbe proper time they have painted far more of what should be than of that which is.— Pbue Palmleaf in Detroit free Press, 