LOCAL >ND GENERAL. BUIIRASOOKO HOSPITAL.—'The treasurer of the hospital has received from Mr. Ss J. Hawes, treasurer of tlic Excelsior Amateur Dramatic Club, a donation of fifteen guineas towards the hospital funds—proceeds of sports and entertainment given by tlie club on New Year's Day. VITAL STATISTICS.—We are indebted to Mr. A. W. Honour for the following record of vital statistics in the Young district for the qiutrtcr ended 31st December last:—Births—males 37, females 36; total, 73. Marriages, 10, Deaths— males 11, females 9; total, 20. SKI.BOTION.—The only portion of laud applied for at the local land office on Thursday last was the following:—William Wilkinson, 440 acres (additional), county Moutcagle, parish Murringo North. STOCK PASSING.—January 9 : 1000 fat wethers, from Narra Allen -to Rose Hill} Robert Farrar owner, Bye ill charge. January 11 : 1000 mixed hoggets, from Moppity to Brala; Robert Farrar owner, Bye in charge; R. J. Lawler and Co., agents. OUDFEIJ/JWS' SronTS.—A full programme of the events to he contested at the Grand United Oddfellows' sports 011 the 2<>th instant (Anniversary Day), appears in Olfr business column?. MunnuMnciuuii ANNUAL RACES.—Owners qf raceborscs arc reminded that nominations for the Town Plate aud Turf Club Handicap, to be run at the Murrumburrali Annual Races on the 8th and 9tli proximo, will close with the lion, secretary (Mr. W. Gardiner) on Tuesday next. DEATH OF A VAI.UAIIU: HORSE.—Early on Thursday morning Dr. Heelcy, who is well known to be a fancier of good horse- flesli, suffered a great loss by the death of his valuable spirited chestnut horse. J ust before retiring to rest oh Wednesday night, a few inmutes prior to twelve o'clock, the cioctor heard a noise in the stable, at the rear of the house, aud proceeding at once to the spot he found that his beautiful chestnut was in a fit.' Everything possible under the circumstances was done to alleviate tbe animal's suffering^, but it died a few hours afterwards, and its remain? were; buried 011 the doctor's property in Clpete-strcet 911 Thursday morning. A post-inortenj examination was not made to ascertain the cause of the animal'^ death. The horse was apparently quite well when the stable was locked for the night. A CELESTIAL'S RCXAWAV".— Periodically the quietness of the .town, is disturbed by tlie spirited dorses attached to Chinese vegetable carts bolting through the streets. Yesterday {Friday) afternoon a cclestial known ns Charlie, who has a vegetable garden at the lower end of .tlie town, was-drivinga fine and well-conditioned bay horse, attached to l)is oabbnge- cart, down Hospital Hill, when tho 3 ! breeching gave way, which cansed the animal ibo bolt at full speed down the steep decline. It had not proceeded /*r before Charlie was landed on terra firm1, but iie fortunately ofcaped, unhurt. 'J'lie animal continued its wild cijreer <fqwi) tl)o hill "into Lyncli-strcct, and collided witty tlje ti'eeguard at the corner of the' City Rank property, smashing it into pieces A for yards further pi), in front of Messrs. Liiwler's office, tlie curt Was overturned, distributing its vegetable contents over the roadway. The :bblter, was' tben secured: and released fro in the cart, not much tlic worse for iff cspapade.' The cart was badly knocked about. PHCENIX DEBATING CUJB.—The ordinary ^reekly meeting Of the Phoenix Debating jClub was hjgd in the vacant reading-room - at - . the Mechanics' Institute on Wednesday evening. N£'ijBsaaijg& had been held for three weeks, in consequence of the-.holidays intervening. Over thirty'lhembers were in atteydauce, the President (Mr. Pembrooke) occuping' the chair. Mr. Hojworthy was piwn| as a visitor, having been introduced by, Mr. Gough. Some routine business havine been disposed of/Mr. Tiemcy, in pursuance 5f a noticc-of motion, moved that the club consider the adviBaljleuess. of _hayiu^ the reading-room and library in connection with the Mechanics 7 Institute reopened under the auspices of the Phoenix,' without taking any responsibility as to the debt remaining 011 the building. He spoke at some length on the ad vantages,.to»be derived from having a public readm3-room and library in the town, and said that the trustees were anxious to assist in reopening those attached to the institute. He mentioned that the raits derivable from the use of the hall and rooms in the building were now paying the interest 011 the debt at / per cent. The motion was seconded by Mr. Niebel. At this stage, upon the suggestion of Mr. Phelps, further consideration of the motion was postponed till that night fortnight, to enable Mr. IWie to proceed with the opening of the debate, on tlie question, "That this House considers a separate government for Ireland unnecessary." Ow,ing to some misunderstanding, the question was not debated, andan acrimonious discussion was indulged in as a confluence, at the expiration of which that portion of the business was allowed to lapse. .Subsequently, Mr. Premier Houru delivered a ministerial statement, setting forth at some length the governmental programme, which was not unfavourably criticised by Mr. Phelps, the leader of the opposition. After the bnsiuess for next meeting lias been disposed of—the consideration iu committee of the Tariff Bill—the members of the club are to be entertained at a banquet by tile ministers. This announcement was received with applause. The members dispersed shortly after ten oclock. BALI.YJIYAN ESTATE.—On Thursday next, in Sydney, Messrs. MortandCo. (iu conjunction with Mr. John Uourke, of Miirnimburrah) mil submit to public competition the valuable estate known as Ballyryan, the property of the late Hon. John Naglc Ryan. It is situated in the BIUTOWU district, sixteen miles from the Galong Siding, 011 the main southern line, and the proposed railway to Burrowa will run through the property. The estate will be offered in three lots, as follows:—Lot 1 : Ballyryan proper, containing 5653 acres of free hold land, and 1014 acres C.P. Lot 2 : Jirial, comprising 960 acres freehold. Lot 3 : Little Cauenum bola, containing 1208 acres freehold. The estate consists of rich agricultural land, most of it being plain and cleared country, and is watered by the Burrowa River, which runs through it, also by Castle's and M'Brum's creeks, their junction being on the property. There is also permanent water iu all of the paddocks. The improvements cousist of dwelling-house of eight rooms, with all u6ual outofliccs, garden, etc., woolshed, drafting yards, fencing (wire and rails), and the property isdivided into thirteen paddocks. Ballyryan certainly comprises one of the best properties that has been placed 011 the market for'some years past, and as the droughty seasons seem to have bfeen loffbehiiul for a time and money is plentiful,,it should'command a high figure. The sale will be held in the saleroom at Messrs. Mart and Co.'s wool ware houses, Circular Quay, Sydney, and the fullest particulars can be obtained either from Mr. Boui'ke or Messrs. Mort and Co. WHEAT.—The present season's wheat has commenced to arrive in towu, and several consignments have been purchased for the local and other markets. The samples that we have seen at the mills are fairly good, and 3s per bushel is the highest price being given for the best wheat. Three lots were refused by Watson Brothers this week on account of much of the seed having commenced to gcrminutc. As the wheat on several farina iu this district has been growing in the car, in consequence of the recently protracted wet weather, a large proportion of the yield this season will have to be sold as chick-leed, which signifies a great loss to the growers. We have heard tliat a large consignment was purchased locally for a Murrumhurraii miller, who refused to take delivery, owiug to thewheat being unfit for gristing. MB. Dinns ox THE FINANCES.—The leader of the Opposition, in the course of his Bpeech iiiiSydncy on Tuesday night, said that the Government had done nothing regarding the deficit, and the colony was iu a worse condition financially to-day' than when this Government oanie in to adjust ortr finances. Wlieu Mr. Burns made his financial statement in April lie said there would be a surplus at the end of the year of £910,000 J an nstouudiug piece of news. Upon this promise weak-kneed members assented to tlie remo^J of the advalorem aud specific duties. By this blind, which was to restore onr credit at home, and BO forth, they did obtain this removal, and bitterly now did the Treasurer regret that egregious blunder^ 'for tyhicli the Government deserved fcxocration'arid' extinction—in coolly sacrificing ^500,000' of; revenue which did not injure commerce, and the people did not feel, and which would have been to tliujextent a stimulus to our industries. If those duties ,were destroying our commerce, the Government 'should have made their repeal their first duty, yet tiicy kept them on for nine months bfter tuking dffice. They found that, besides the surplus, they required every penny nf reveaue. When the Jennings Government put on those duties they, announce.! "their intention at 11 o'clock at night, ond next morning the duties were collected. But that would not suit this freetrade Government, who gave three mouths' uotice to the. importers, which enabled them in the meantime to store their goods in boud without paying' a penny, and so £139,090 was lost to the revenue, and went'as a bribe into the pockets of the importers. By imeans of this bribe Sir Henry Parkes retained office, • an-1 got his various measures swept through tlic IJouse. THE " BROKEN HILL " OK NEW R.WLAND.— The White Rock, a property which bids fair to eclipse Broken Hill for its output of silver, has, it is suid by a correspondent to tlie Sydney'" Telegraph," been discovered at Fairfield in the New England district. The action of natural agencies has exposed an enormous outcrop to view. ''Tlie general appearance of the rock," it is said, " is mast striking, its bald, iiDdul-ttingsiirfaL'C standing out in bold relief utraiiist the thick forest which .surrounds it. Looking ut it from the bed of a creek at a little distance, the outcrop is like a white cliff," The face of this cliff is traversed by scums of galeqa and virions sulphurcts carrying highly paynble quantities of.silver; imt, writes the correspondent, " on examining the part of tl)e npitrix which seems most barren of mineral, it is found to contain fine grains of the prevailing metals scattered through the entire body of the rock, and the large number of assays taken prove it to carry pay ablcq"uutities of silver, both as a sulphide and as a chloride." The corre"}poudent\jirocoeds to describe this big find in these "astonishing terms:— " From July 19 to the 'middle qi December 93 assays had been made of .samples taken from all parts of the face, as,.wgll>s a number of trials of ' country' rock. The lowest.assiy of |ode stuff was IO07.., whilst tlic llighebtwa? 70Ioz.;':ati(i the average of the whole 93 was at tlie rate of lS5oz. 9i1wt. 9gr. silver per ton".,. 'Thisj&stoundiiig; average is, next to the quantity of ore in eight, tile most satisfactory tiling connected with' tlieJlVhite Rock. When I mention that it represents a money value pur ton of oro of without including the value of the lead, taken'w.coiin e^um witjl tlie fact that the mass shows'a' piddfielc of-'ore' cqnhfjijiuj* 730,000 tous, dome idea may be formed of tlic immense possibilities of this mine,^ This estimate is reached by taking the visible ore body, 000ft. long by 4o0ffc. wido, by 50ft.;jdoep, and allowing 18 cubic feet to the ton. Should the 01-0 body bear the above average throjighout^hen the exposed wealth of this,40-acrc block will/be twenty-five and a half millions of pounds. It« unlikely that this average will be. maiutaiued, .although a discovery has been made within tlio pnst three weeks of chloride ore in flakes, .-asaaying in the average upwards of 500oz. pel 1 ton.- ^ven should the ore average only S0o7„, tli'cre would still be £11,000,000 worth of silver, M'hjjo every 50ft. of depth or width would double tljat aujqijnt.?.' Added to all this there ore the facts that tlje property if surrounded by splendid timber, has a plentiful supply of easily obtainable water, is situated in u district which has a'fine clii^atp, and is distant only about ,35, jjillty fi'sm Teuterfield and about 80 miles from cither liyi'bn Bay or Lawrence on the Clarence Biver, ; .Rum-PROcM^VaiEAT.--,^fiie ycarslago th|i latfc ilr. T. miroyd (says|§; Braidfpod content! lora&ltookfe; jdeal of trdfflile to J Wlii«i*.woura; l)S;r i-ust6roof, aliu.. . Succeeded in' spite" of all " the surrotmdmg crons being tainted with that destructive blight, ilr. James Gordon, of Young, purchased at the cost of a guinea one biuliel of the^seed, which he. sowed, and seht a bag Of thefeeeil to his brother.; Mr' W.! ij 1 .'Gordon was enabled to puffin about* twertty-five acres last year, and there now can be seen growing at Wjirri a magnificent orop quite free from rust, at&ougir; geueraTlyspSi^^riH^-muria'We' afflicted with thiB fell blight. CCEE'FOR MOSQ&ITO;'BITES.—ilany'peojile, and .especially children, suffer severely from the bites of London paper:' The bite 'of eitlier a mosquito or gnat is objectionable. Let me, through the medium of your columns, ventilate a specific which has always proved efficacious in allaying my own sufferings when under the irritating effects of bites from the pest in question. A few fronds of tbe common fern, bruised till the moisture is free, rubbed over the punctured spot, nvill insure At least; comparative comfort. I haVe trjedi tl(is/(sayB ja: correspondent) in Australia, South 'Africa, and iu" western woods of America for .mosquito-bites; and in New Zealand against the'bite of tlie alinost fiercer fiends—sandHics—aud nevei\failcd in finding relief. Again, 'Oiily' last summer, in Epping' Forest, I was Succcssful under the same treatment; the guats there proving worthy proxies of tbe mosquito of other lauds. Those fond . of experiments might try,aain.years gone by J have doiie, the hanging of a pieeeTof raw beef over their.heads when retiring to'rest fiir the : night. ' ! The inosquito will fasten upon it, gorge themselves to repletion, and become helpless. In the morning a soothing sense of enjoyed revenge comes when the meat, gently cut away-from the string Upon which it* hangs, is allowed to fall with its myriad foes into a basin of boiling water. An Indian correspondent said that for all bites of this description^ including those of the scorpion, centipede, and spider, there was nothing better—go delightfully cooling, too— \vhcre'tlie irritation'was excessive, than a paste made with ipecacuanha powder aud.ether. ;, aud it could be available in localities where there are 110 ferns. THE EXPOSURE OF SUAKSPEARE. —Readers of the "St. James's Gazette" have already been told something about the researches which Mr. Ignatius Donuclly is good enough tq undertake into the, doings of that arcli impostor, William Shdkspearc, (says the abovenained journal). The " ex-Seuator of Minnesota." ias.aiow-rfiiflshed his lalipilrs.nuid has done Shakspeare's business. Miss Delia Racon and Judge Holmes.of America,and Mr. Thompson,' of Australia, and iu particular Mrs. Henry Pott, were quite right. It was Bacon who wrote the plays; Shakspeare, a person of low tastes, merely ;tib*6k' ibc ?probts,":Und'"ttctcd as.Imrd St."siAlbatt|e ghost. We need hai'3ly recapitulate the ar^iimeflt« by which Mr. Ignatius Donnelly lias arrived at this conclusions^ A D)EAU ,MAK'9 yoTE. ->-A curious case lias been detfirmjnied by theflOonrt in the old,"country, fa. man demanded to have bis name inserted iu an electoral roll in London on the ground that he was a freeholder. Tlie ground of his application was that about a year previously lie had pin-chased a plot of ground, 8ft.. by 4ft., iu Kensal-Green Cemetery ! But, if the application was a novel one, the ground on which it was refused was still' more novel, for the Court held that a mere right was not cuough, but that there must be au actual tenancy. As the learned judge grimly remarked— " We will consider your claim when you become an occupier." THE LEADER OF THE Orposmos SPEAKS.—Mr. Dibbs, the leader p^ Jhe Opposition, (addressed a "large meetiiig 1 i'ii' the Masonic Hall on Tuesday night on the financial position of the colony. His address was chiefly devoted to adverse criticism of the Ministry, whom he condemned in vigorous language for incapacity aud bungling. Mr. Dibbs declared! that flie. Ministry had failed to redeem their promises' to tlie country, and that their attempts to place the colouy-ui a eouud; financial position had failed miserably. He contended "that the statement of accounts presented by the Treasurer did "not correctly represent the financial jposition of the country^ The' actual 1 deficiency tor )the-.^ear should liave befeu". showii'as £15(5,OOTT,- 'and the Treasurer, who estimated that there would be a surplus of £ni0,0pq, WM tlms £1 j_06G,-00(); out in, his reckoning. 1 ' A strong' protectionist demonstration was made in connection with jthe meeting, wlncli was attended by the' principal members of 'the Opposition. REPOKTED NEW GOLTIFIEM.-^A.. telegram from Murwilltimboh, 1 oil tiie /Tweed River, dated Wednesday, jBtates that large' numbers of persons visited tnc reported goldfield on the previous day, and mau^claims bay.e b^eu jiegged out, mostly, by amateur"fniueri." It would b6vell for'meu " '' to wait for definite information before starting for, the field, as several old miners express their most decided opinion that the reef does not contain gold in payable quantities,- as the ted'flag was hoisted on the strength of the assay of a small piece of quartos taken from the surface of the reef. j i i-« ':->.-.) i TZ.rt li-y i ' ! CiiorcE PARtiAMENTAnrANiSMS.—. Speaking at the close of Mr. Dibbs' address on Tuesday 'night, Mr. J. Fletcher, M.P.,. said that t)ie: present Government hid got into'power by 1 low ciuniiig aud by lying. They took credit for-what did' not' belong to them. The time of reckoning for the Government was coining, aud tbe Premier aud his motley crew—for the present Government was as scratch a erpw as could ibe got—would ' soon' be thrust out As he told a supporter the other day, if tlicy were to rake hell pvith c a fine-tooth, coinb they would not ' find such a; lot 1 thfere.' He ventured to predict that before six mouths were over there would be a very different state** of affairs. The day was not far distant when, tbe crawling, croaking, designing knaves would 4iave to give way to better men. TURRWI.E; !?OSH Adelaide telegram ; states that on Suiulay two fires started in the pastoral country along the south-eastern, coast of South Australia, which proved to he immensely destructive. One broke out ou the road between Mount Gainbier and Milliccnt, and the other at the junction of Barnoolut, Coola, and Mouut Scliauk. The greater portion of these rich rastoral properties was burnt, aud thousands of sheep were destroyed. The fire passed through .the ,belt fit pastoral country, anil later in the day cameAvitliiu two miles of Mount Gambler, burning tbe growing crops, sheep, stabling, buggies and implements. Over 10,000 sheep are estimated 10 have been burned. Fortunately no lives were lost. At Allan: dale two . families were eutiiely burnt out, and many other houses , had miraculous escapes, l'he grass was extremely Jiigh and dry; |mil the flames raced aloug at'a great speed, overtakiug'ilo,cks of sheep, ijiany of which eould not got out of the paddocks. Cattle, and horses , bharged or jumped the fences, .and sped-away, .mod with..tciTor.; On.tho liellum Fiat, the houBe '.of Mr. J. .M'pupico >vas gutted, nothing beiiig s'aved, and the'crops of other farmers were swept clean away. The amount ijf damage done is enormous. PEDESTRIASISM.—We learn from our Temora contemporary tliat on last Monday afternoon a large number of poi sons assembled on the Recreation Reserve to witness the footrace, betweon' G. Cashinan, jun., of Tcniora, and W. Cummins, -of Barinedman, for £25 a-side. the latter conceding five yards' stajrt to Casljman in 150. Both men stripped H'ell, but Cashmaii appeareil rather fine, while Cummins looked a great deal better than when he ran thei c at Christmas time. Some difficulty was experienced in appointing a starter, but eventually Mr. J. King was chosen. Both men appeared anxious for the start, and broke away two or. three -times. They were at last sent away on pretty even terms, .Cummins having a slight advantage. Cummins' overtook his man after going - about seventy yards, .and led tho remainder of.the distance.. It is probable that a match will be arranged between iKing and Cummins. Tho Times pronounces -.tlie recently /published" .etnrns relating to "the tfadc'of the United Kingdom fo be'- very satisfactory. It considers that they afford ail'indication that the tnnJe depression which lias existed for some time past W noW passing away. OK TO THE POPE.—Mr. E. A. ,Sl-known historian and Regius m history of the University of , jiqiressed his opinion of the attempt which itif understood is being made by the British Government to induce the Pope to influence the Irish clergy in favour of the Government aud in oppositionto theJ?arnellite party. .He."V^b-V 08 .? thdt if the aTteihrit succeeds a 'fnglitfuli IBcsv^nll! have bin struck "ut religion. f F T * 1 ' DOUBLE SHOOTING TRAGEDY. A Brisbane tele •gntm• Bttttes-tlist^ir^BiaimRI'BiDCBin^ 'tragedy ocenrred on Wednesday last at North Toolburra Station, by which two young men named Ross; aged 16, and Ruitz, about a deaths. The youths, one of the A. J.S. bank, and tbe other, a soil of Mr. L. Rhitz", slii'Vcyof, /esididglin^briibaue, had been out' spoofing 'during; ttiSj afl^runpn]"^nd sjify tly after shndo'wn an employee at'the station fouud both lying dead about a mile from the head station. Ross had his chest torn away. The butt cud of his;guu was splintered, iaud some splinters had pierced his chcBt in the region of the heart. Ruitz, who was lying ubout a yard or two away, had his skull blown away. Hoth bodies, which presented a ghastly fight, were conveyed to the head statiou am}' thence tojVVarwick, where they were hurried ou Thursday. The affair created a profound sensation. The cause of tfip tragerfy if involved in mystery", as no'orie witnessed it. 'Therefore uotlfing ib known as to ^IO.W, i£ occurred. A magisterial inquiry Svus to have beferi'held on Friday, but it was feared thnt little light would be thrown ou the occorrencc. The supposition is that, from the position of .the bodies, Ruitz's'gun must- have aecideutally goDe off, killing ROBB, and that. Ruitz, ifipding what he had done, $hbt,-himself.!, JThey;: were Gclioolmaes, and Were spending the .'Christmas vacation together. Ross was a nephew qf Mr. Coutta, proprietor of Toolburra Station. , EXTRAORDINARY BOOM IN SILVER -STOCKS'.^-THE great boom in silver sf^ckp in .Sydney, < Melbourne and Adelaide created intense ex-citement, on Tuesday (writes a city oontetaipdry).' Tlierejias' oeeu nothing like it for years, and it"is difficult to say where it is going to stop. It was considered an extraordinary thing -When' >'som6 f timV time 1 ago Broken-bill Proprietary shares went up to £2Q0, b'uto'n Tuesday they were sold at from £210 to £223. The greatest proportionate jump, however, has been in,Centrals. They hung fire not long ago at a few shillings ; on Tuesday contributing were soldat £0 16s., and paid-up at'£4. .Souths also hove ripen in sympathy with Centrals. It is known that a few people have made'a splendid profit during the past fciy'daysjout of this 'bobm, and naturally there is a danger that many others will 'Upse their haa"ds "ifthej-fixejteineiit" contuiuesT * "Brokers on 'Change in Sydney have not had such a busy time for jfears as they had 011 Tuesday, and on the Melbourne Stock Exchange the business was the largest that has ever bccu effected in one day. Later particulars to hand state that the mining boom coufinuesr." SpoeulKJiop was very heavy, and the demand for flic scares in the Barrier Silver mines, together with favourable reports, have led to a very rapid advance in the prices. The market has fluctuated, cpnsjderably, and though 1111' upward r tcnd&cy;| has| been ljjiaintuinefl with.respect to'onB or two" leading^ lines of shares, there are indications of an abatement of the extraordinary excitemcnti which liaB/pifeviuled. DREADFOLGUN ACCIDENT:—A Bl'siyney telegram says that that towu received quite a sfiock ! 'late on .Wednesday evening,, on the .news, being spread through the town that truest Marsh, son of Geo. •Marsh, a wealthy /arnner,. of< Blayney, .had been shot dead. It iippeats th'at ! h'J and 'two others' were out hure-shooting. They, were sitting ou a fence, when it is feiipposed'yOiing ®M arsh fell, and the gun. falling under him, the contents entered his stoinbch and passed through his throat. Death must have been instantaneous. He was about 17 years of age. What makes the accident more sad is tbat his father left home for( Walli ,on Wednesday morning A messenger was it onee despatched to \VuIli, 40 miles away, to convey the sad intelligence. '• 'An ifiquest' will be held. 