A LENGTHSMAN'S SAT, TO THE EDITOR OP THE CAFHTPf'*^ ft **'- Sir, — I have read from time to -i''» in the columns of your journal numerous statistical and argumentative editorials convincing paragraphs, and slashing letters, showing up in an able and dispassionate manner ihe mal administration of the present Government, and their lamentable inaptitude to manage State affairs. Our administrators are pain* fully lacking in financial ability and business acumen. I give them credit for mpp'T'ft well, but doing badly. Unfortunately they remind one of the old saying 'H - is pared with good intentions.' Scarcely had they entered en their adminis trative dn ies than they emptied the Treasury of its large surplus and borrowed the unprece dented amount of ten millions, which they spent in tbe most childlike and profligate manner, with no visible benefit to the country, except perhaps to Brisbane and its immediate surroundings. Is it not patent to every man of true discernment and impartial judgment, whose thoughts cannot be nar politics, that the present Government bare surreptitiously transferred to Brisbane money passed and voted tor the construction ot our railway from Barcaldine to tbe Thoinpnnn* Well do the navvies, railway contcac tors, Chamber of Commerce, RoHrhampton, and the public in general know and remember the many evasive answers and delusory pro* ?wifleaTPadf-hy minjptf^**-'^ ttlfirchipf *^rp*MtS when interviewed regarding its f firm won. Last May or Jane a contract of ballast was given to the contractors, in order, as tbe late Minister for Works said, 'That the men should not be disbanded before the fresh contract would be let.' I need not say more on thin subject, beyond the fact that the money was spent to the tune of £100,000 in baying up freehold property in the Valley, Brisbane, for which the Government^ who forced the sale, were compelled to pay enormous and fancy prices, and for no visible purpose, except to please a few members of Parliament, and to lift their friends from rwnnrv and oblivion to a nasition of inflaentt. affluence, and even luxury. We should like to see such works of philanthropy take place in onr midst, provided they were not at the expense of the country in general, and ours in particular i and did not impose a -miwh'iflg tax on countless unborn **hiiHryfi of the snQ. Well, what happened— the great body of the men after growing penniless, waiting for the works to be resumed, were compelled to leave at last, and repair either to the Croydon or Mount Morgan, which places were easy of access, and gave certain bread ; otherwise they would stand as much in need of a miracle being wrought iu their regard to provide them food in this desert as the Israelites did in theirs. Vou party politicians — think for a moment, carefully reflect, and pictnre to yourselves what would be the state of affairs in Central and Northern Queensland if the Oroydoa and Mount Morgan g Idfidds were suddenly to turn out duffers. These fields conjointly give direct employment and exclusive sustenance to fully fourteen thousand people, besides the vast number of persons of varied interests and avocation?, who derive almost an imme diate benefit from them. Notwithstanding their gigantic existence, and the Ten Million Loan, wbi^h has vanished, leaving a horrible ghost behind (which will haunt us and onr children for ages yet to come), I ask my fellows in the Railway Department, have they ever seen so many able-bodied sw&gmen; travelling up and down the railway line, willing to work, bat unable to procure it, and who are compelled, rather tnan be dis Kearly all our would-be members, in try ing to amass some political capital, babble about tbe Transcontinental Railway, which the country will uot accept, and which every telegraph post ought to know is abandoned. They all tell us the Kanakas, Coolies, Cingalese, and, in fact, black labour in general, is to be dispensed with, and we gladly accept the common decision. Even the yellow agony is doomed to expatriation or patriation. whichever you like to call it, ! and it is fall time the danger of its inherent 1 leprosy was sent to Hongkong. The Hon. : C. B. Dutton need not be alarmed, however, I as there is do law except that of ex term inn - I tioD, which can deprive him of bis favourite ? blacks, tho abori^ nals ; and it is to be hoped ' he will live to see the funeral of the last of : the I'awson blacks, wLich is almost sore to tuke place on liaabinia Downs. I will now remind your readers of what that gentleman gvid in the House of Assembly vhen accused of emplnyim: Uivks Q' l«i ?Ution. When he fouinl tint proof positive vu forthcoming be (Mr. Dutton) s=ii.l th*t they (tbe blocks} were more reliable and trustworthy than most of the whites. I refer yoQr readers to Hansard for the trnth of what I state. So much for Mack Ubour ' Moat of na railway employers have read that very auspicious document compile i and circulated by a certain publican *t Emerald trying to gull the electors into voting for Mr Dutton. It is too thin. What a change has fo^Wi plftcc when this honiface champions the cause of the railway men. It is highly sug gestive that he is now catering for their patronage as the &itvertails; are nearly all The Hon. Mr. Duttra says he restored free rations to the leugthsraeu, and took the rent off all the Government cottages with the ex ception of the inspectors', who, by the way, Ve few in. number, sod cannot consequently in0oence his election one way or the other. Be th it as it m*y. he admits the justice of the principle, making ns pay fnight on our rations, and rent -q the cottage?, otherwise he would be bound as an honourable and just man to refund to u-, oue ami all, toe full amount paid away to freight an.i rent. We know be would promise almost anything just now, still he hiB no- done that or eveu pro mised to do it. It is evident if he is leturoe i to power, all our privileges would bestt'ept away immediately. Has lie not the thin eud spectors pay ivnt on their cottages? Han they not as good a right as the others to be rent free? A very pertinent question for must of us, and which, if it can be answered satisfactorily, most serve as a key to many others, is:— Who is responsible for shortening the hands on the railway? — The answer is, Mr. I'uttonand no others. That gentleman said in Parliament ' Our railways were considerably over manned ' and for which his chief compli mented him by saying 'It required a man ol Mr. Duttcn's strength of will and deter mination of character to deal with such a vtroBg department as the Kail tray, and to irififc^ tiie necessity deductions in it.' The in order, except is a lev favoured places, which accounts for the many removals of gangers made from time to time on the lengths, especially to bad weather. I have now come to a very shady trans action in Mr. Dotton's career, that is, sending * paid emusary to canvass the district for him, or rather to try to coerce the railway employees into voting for him, whose head master he is. Mr. Gtaseey tried all manner of Ar*is7fn in parrvintr ant his riirtv n'i- b Whenever he met any strong opiasitiou he invariably held ont threats of dismissal if his master was re-eLcted to power. He did not directly threaten hia opponent, but gave the threat to Borne neighbour he knew would convey it to him for whom it was intend d. He i*hnngfMJ hid nationality as be tnougl.t Occasion required, And, once, bt least deaii; natft. himself as a crossbred. That wouLl not matter much if he did not use intimida tion vilii the railway men, and m&ke; on manly, bat I think fruitless, efforts to infringe upon the liberty and privacy of the haliot taoi. This letter cannot be truthfully rebutted, Ud I appeal to the men on toe railway to aprantiaoi unbiassed verdict upon, it, which I am sore they will do ou the 5th of May. I for one believe that tlie railway em ployees, all included, are iufioitely more trustworthy and reliable than Mr. Button's blacks — a rather poor compliment to pay them £ mast admit — and, iu addition, that many of them have that intelligence, honesty, and honour which would well become many of oar Members of Parliament Lengths has. 