iliiiiiffoG topics. Bv "The Sportsman" " Staff. The next publication of The Sportsman will be on Wednesday, !)th January. No straight-out wagering has taken place on citlier the Standi&h; or Bagot Handicap, and this description of betting Tvill probably he left tUl tho post is reached. In doubles a pretty fair busi ness has been done since our lost issue. Owners and trainers are reminded that the forfeit of 2 sovs. cacli for nominations for the V.R.C. Norinanby Stakes must bo declared and paid before eleven o'clock this morning at the V.R.C. office, or nominators will be liable for the whole of the sweepstakes (10 sovs.) uur ftyuney correspondent laucies mac Lauiond, Cardigan, Cailyon, Algerian, Theorist, or The Queen will supply the winner of Tattersnli's Cup to be run in Sydney to-day. Of tliess lie likes Lauiond best. The stakes won at the Elsternwick Park races on Monday last, will be paid over at the Victorian Trotting Club' office to-day. r In reference to the Pony race at the Winclielsea races on Boxing Day, the Gfelonq Advertiser writes " It vaa a splendidly contested race from the jump. Thero was some confusion, at tliefiuish owing to the judge's verdict, Princess, a chestnut mare, was certainly the winner, with Duchess a neck in the rear. The judge gave The Geclongite as the winner, but this horse came in kiBt without its .rider and then the decision was altered to Duchess, and a scene occurred between Mr P. M. O'Connor (of Melbourne, the owner of Princess), and tho judge." Tho opening meeting of Mr Cullen's new Hurlingham course at Oaklcigh Park was held on Friday last aud proved highly successful. The course and its appoint ments were greatly admired by the num- crouB assemblage present The trains land the passengers right on to the course. The track is an excellent one, aud very cleverly laid out-. The proceedings opened with the Hurdle Race, for which First Arthur was made tho favorite and he won easily enough at thefiniBh. Pun ters started well on the new course, as the second event, the Selling Raoe, was wan by the favorite, Meerschaum, who was after wards bought In for 55 sovs. At the third attempt, however, backers came to grief, se in the two- year-old -event Radoo failed to cany to viotoiy tho odds hid on him, Riohelieu, uie pnly otaer starter, winning easily. The hoisea moetiy fan cied for the Flying .Handicap failed to dvo weight to Xilberatress, the daughter Sf Liberator winning ell the way. All tbe cracks started in tho fourteen hands pony-taoe, Frisky a 10 to 1 jSnanoe «et- ring home, with xtelph Lewdi and Miy- flpwer in the places. JAe upt -event of the day, tho Oakiejftti Park Handicap, was appropriated by Bunshade wno started fevonto. \- T - Ctiigan, the handsome chestnut wto Sufilrid SLVL aiWrtwother to w havin/appned (tapjSl the A. J,8. >»eflng on Bo»ng |>ay, ,Tho horse Wii swoefy mentioned in thff betting till day of the jl—Ujtt alike |pw»nHra|sM of 10 to t -The Algerian third. VTyoombe and Victory Tell . in tfio rtcc. power, who rode theforinei, luckily escaped uninjured, hut J. Hotfd,the Itder tjf .Victory, received rather aeverp injuries.' During the day the horn James write had three wins with the two-yoar- qjda fjiuecpre, Rudolph and Spice, re spectively- The latter is a full sister to Abercoru. ..Mr I. Walson, the Mel bourne starter, was very successful with . the flag during the day. The attendance at the Caulfield meet ing on Boxing Day was scarcely as huge as expected, although the official return fixes the crowd ;&s; somewhat larger than at the corresponding meeting last year. For the cpemrtg event, the Selling Race there were but two starters, and odda being laid Tm tbe hitherto disappointing Clement he won easily from Major. CorythuB.wlio won the Hurdle Race at Elsternwick on Monday last-, when tho Ballarat hozse created a most favorable impression, was made a hot favoraito for die V.A.T.C. event, and he won just as easily as on the first occcaaion. It is liard to say how good the horso is but bo certainly appears to be a top- . Bawyer, Tho leniently-treated Menotti oucc moro proved in a raciug humor, and won the Summer Cup from the favorite, , Malua, aud six others in a veiy easy manner. Moutalto appears to have retained her early spring form for tho Juvenile .Stakes proved a gift tor lief, although sue carried the heavy impost of 9st'41b. The Steeplechase was a splendid betting one for the books, the six candidates being all more or less supported, tho winner. Postal, boiug the least fancied. Stafford, ridden by Touiliii, won the Malyeru handicap cleverly from New- masted and Summer, and brought the mcctuiif to a conclusion. The Elsternwick Park races on Mon day last served to introduce the public to a premising hurdle racer inCorythus, who is trained at Baliarat by J. Scobie. The hurao is by Paris, and is of a very taking appearance. He won the Hurdle Race with consummate case, nothing else iiaving tho ghost of a show with him. Richelieu the "lame" horse got home in tho Juvenile Stakes with Tennyson second, though had tho latter got away as well ns the son of Richmond ihe positions at tho finish, might have been reversed. Epicurean, who at the last moment was installed favorite, won tho Christmas Handicap and MiMura appropriated tho Selling Steeplechase easily, going back to Jicr owner cheap enough at sovs. Maud 111., who was backed down to a short price for the Trot, won thai event after an exciting finish with Abe, tho only other 6 tarter backed to any extent. Little Rosa, another favorite, landed the Selling Races but the hooks had a turn up in the last event of the day, tho Elsternwick Park Handicap, in which Hogmanay, a 10 to 1 chance, put down Raoul. the favorite. T. Ferguson took Quilt over to Ade laide on Boxing Day, and rode the sou of Patchwork to victory at the Licensed Victuallers' Meeting in the Hurdle Race, for which he started a hot favorite. The Christmas Handicap was won by an out sider, in Vanity; Aldivalloch, ridden by Cracknel), being second. The light weight, however, rode Aldivalloch to victory in the Totalisntor Handicap, Lady Superior and Voltigcur filling the places. The Steeplechase was won by Ashes. Gasconade fell and received fatal injuries in tho Christmas Handicap. The jockey's room at tho Moonee Valley racecourse was burnt to the ground on Friday morning. Tho room when not required for race purposes is used aa a bedroom by some of Mr Cox's employes, and a quantity of clothing which it coh.-: taincd was destroyed, as was also a bank; deposit receipt for L117. Tho buildpt (was interred for L100. The origin qfshcC fire is A mystery. There was some excellent racing ai fher Bairnsdale Annual Meeting which was -held on Wednesday and Thursday last. £. D. had the bad luck to run second ii; tho two principal races, Tumult beat ing htm in the Racing Club Handicap and Mustang in the Cup. Mustang was also successful in the Railway Handicap, and Mr Geo. Davis's Dexter appropriated the All-Aged Stakes. Tho two races for two-year-olds were each wou by Speech less, a promising daughter of Chatterer. Mr Geo. Davis's filly Cambria (a full sister to Camerine) bciug second on each occasiou. Mr Davis's marc Tho Duchess was successful in one of the Hurdle Races, aud Robin in the other. In tho Sires' Produce Stakes, Eileen collided with a post, and her rider, T. Aspinall, was rather badly hurt. The fiJly l ad to be dostroyed. The annual meeting of Sydney Tatter- sail's Club was commenced ou Saturday, and ail! be brought to a conclusion on New Year's Day. Tho principal event was tlie Csrringtoii Stakes, to which 1000 sovs. were added. Dilisk started favorite, with Lockslcy and Plutarch next in demand. The race was won easily at tho finish by Plutarch, who had the services ol Hales, while neither Lockslcy nor Dilisk wore dangerous. Bcllriuger won the Hurdle Race, .Steeltrap the Flying Stakes, and Phaon the Selling Race. Rudolph, carrying a teu<pounds penalty, had nu easy win in tho Laay Carrington Stakes, for two-year-olds, 10 to 1 being offered bar Mr White's colt. The day's racing was brought to a conclusion bj Steeltrap getting home in tho Ladies' Bracelet. Mr Cox commenced a two days' meet ing at Moonee Valley on Saturday, when, despito the fact that tho weather was un favorable, there was a big attendance. Esmee, after running into a place on several occasions, at last broke the ice by winning the Trial Stakes, for which she started favorite. Fair Saxon had an easy win in the Corinthian Handicap, and Mona had no difficulty in dishing lier two opponents in the New Year's Gift, Britom&rte;, the winner of the two-year- old Selling Race, was sold to Air I. T. Carslake for 145 sore. Terror gave the fielders a turn by winning the Steeple chase, and tho proceedings wcro brought to a close by Kaginan appropriating the Ascot Handicap. Tbe meeting will bo brought to a conclusion to-day. "The Maori footballers are still continu ing their victorious career In England. On 24th Deoember they bear the Swansea, (n South Wigles, by a goal and two tries to end on Dozing Day defeated a team representing Newport by three toiesand four minor points to tho Home's toairi'two minor points. The New Zea- fandera have been invited to play a '-at tho Pane of Good Hope on their return journey, Lochiel, who won our Newmarket Handicap, got home in tho Auklind Cop on Wednesday last, carrying fist 101b, Tho places were filled by Hilda (7st 31b) fend British Lion (7et 71b) According to our latest Now Zealand files Lochiei was favorite for the event at 2 to 1, while Manton was quoted &tP0; to 1, Hilda at 4 to 1, and Nelson at 5 to 1. Btenda, by Riverton — Heather Bell, won tho principal handicap at the Wo- donga racmj witiu Best Alan aud Fly in the places. Abuse, carrying Ost, also started. Mr H. Hoystead's Winnie beat Brenda in the Publicans' Purse, and the same owner ran second to Minnie in : the Hurdle Race with Titwillow. The Baliarat Miners' Turf Club held a successful meeting on Boxing Day, when the principal event the Christmas Handi cap was \von by Cat's Eye, ridden by ycmngHowic,who rode thiee other winners during tlio day. Lady Golightly who ran sowellintbo Trial Stakes at Williams- town, appropriated two of tlio events, the Trial Stakes and Flying Handicap. Starting an odds oil favorite, ou each occasion. Pndas OkUB cot home iu the Hurdle- Race and Monarch in the Steeple chase, while Bosh won the Sellimr Race. Tradition and Leroy, who were backed in doubles with Standish Handicap candi dates, have l>oih been scratched for tho 'Bagot Handicap. -Galurn won the double (Dalbousie Handicap and Cup) at the Boxing Day meeting at Woodcnd, in each case start ing favorite. Watcrford also pulled off a couple of races, the Trial Stakes and Bracelet. For tho 14-hands pony race, to be run at Aloonco Valley to-day, MrR. Phillips's pnny, Mayflower, has the thumping im post of list 101b. The following prices were realised on Friday for the privileges in connection with the V.R.C. New Year's Day Meet ing : — No. 1 bar on Hi)l,Llo; No 2, LIS; No. 3, L28 ; No. 4, L18 ; No. 5, L14 ; No, (5, L3S ; No. 5 booth on Hill, L32 ; No. 9, L10 ; No. 5 booth on Flat, Lll j No. 0, L5 ; outer carriage paddock, L13 ; Gates, LS0. At the Stratlibo«ie annual races on 19th December, Air P. Hassctt's Gladiator started in four races, running second in three of them, and getting home in the final attempt. There is nothing like per severance. The princiDal event, the Strathbogio Handicap, was won by Mr 0\. Williams' Wabba, who has a go-xl re- con! in. the North-Eastern district. On Boxing Day Wabba came out and won the Longwood Handicap, carrying 7st 41b, Gcnue, the top weight, being second, Alexandria won the Winclielsea Handi cap mi Wednesday last easily, beating the five runners opposed to her. Nimrou got lmmc in the Steeplechase, ana the Free Handicap Trot was won by Scrubber from 30scc behind scratch. Tlio Pony race was awarded t.o Duchess. Mr P. M. O'Connor's Princess ridden by It. Rammage, 'started a hot favorite for the event, and it was generally thought that the pmiy had got home, hut tho judge, (Mr J. D. Robinson, of Gcelong), did not even place -her. Ranimagc declares that Princess won by nearly a length. It ib a coincidence that Duchess who was de clared the winner, was formerly the property of Air O'Connor. Lin "connection with tho proposal to send -akjAustralian eight to England it would that the rowing authorities at llpfrs aro making a 6tir in the matter. J&obling; to a cablegram, the Ordord wAfambridge Universities aro con- feftenng the advisability of throwing out a challenge to row on Australian eight on the Thames, The New South Wales racing mare. Faith, by "Vespasian— Hope, has been purchased by Mr \V. Forrester. Messrs W. O. Yuille and Co. announce a sale of racehorses at their yards, at New- marker, ou Wednesday next. Amongst the lots to be sold aro Don Giu van. Bravo, Oxford, Chicago! Buffalo BUI, Talcoon and Briiomartc. Tho principal event at the Stawell races on Boxing Day, the Pleasant Creek Jockey Club Handicap, resulted in a dead heat between Maid of Erin and Matilda, who, singularly v enough, wero Ivoth weighted at 7et 101b. Afaid of Erin afterwards came out and wou the Forced Handicap. The Flying Handicap was appropriated by Dreamer, with Gauntlet second aud tlio top-weight, Not Much, third. ! Mr E. Coffey's Afizpah, a daughter of Grand Flaneur, won the principal handi cap at tho Grcnville Turf Club races on Monday last. The'Burdlo Race was ! appropriated by LadyUrown. There was some exwllent raciiur at Mr Bradshaw's meeting; at Richfield on Thursday last, wheri„a programme of seven events was ran through. The Richfield Handicap "was won by I Shouldn't Wonder, this Alordialloc Han dicap by Darkness, and the Soiling Race by Black Prince. Thtfpony events were appropriated by Sissie,,Mortavi0, Sher wood and Bronzowing respectively. This is from an Adelaide paper : — After. Quilt had been backed for the Licensing Victuallers' Hurdle Race, an attempt was mado to (jet Incident over from Melbourne; but ittaems the horse is in the paddock, aud xtps entered with out the authority of the owner. It is time that this sort ot thin was stopped. Mr C. E. Robinson is K> succeed Mr J. F. Clark as racing judge jn England. Mr Robinson has acted aa'deputy judge for a considerable period. . For the Sale Amateur Roe Meeting to be held on New Year's Daw'tho hon. Q. Davis 'a mare, The Ducneas, has top welghtm tho Hurdle Raw, with lOst 31b, and the aamo gentlemen's Dexter occupies a similar position in fthe Handi cap, with 9st 81b, Volga having a couple of pounds leas. . w The Campbell's Creek Can -on Boxing Day was won by Real Jem by Tim Whlffler, who formerly ran in the colore of Mr, W. Y. Bryant, the owner of Ruby. Weif .Wanderer was second;'fend V.O, (Grandmaster'a son) was third,: ' Mr R. H. Dalton's Berneyfearing 9et got homein the Meredith Hsodicap on Boxing Day, and afterwards leflkod over Jor the&irale; Raoe. fu ? : — T We bave received from Messrs Ward, Lock and Co., the publishers, two new books by the popular writer, Hawiey Smart. They are entitled, " and Sabre" and " A False Start," said ore written in the same racy nnd readable &tyle; as the author's previous efforts. Air G. H. Whitehead's gelding Draper, by Lottery — Milkmaid t successful in the Warrnambool Boxing Day Handicap, Rifleman- and Postmistress filling the j places. The Hurdle-_Race was won by Priscilla, and the Steeplechase by Tv«g« Ale Quick. Tho Carrick (Tasmania) Races were brought off successfully on 'Boxing Day. All Fours won the Hurdle Race, and Mr C. Krushka's Saucy, by The Assyrian— Bashful, got home iu the Alaiden Plate. The Carrick Plate, of 100 sova, two miles, was a fine race, Stonchenge being returned the winner, with Promised Landsecond,and Zephyr and Nora a dead heat for tliird place. Scottish Chief, by Napoleon- Talkative, was successful in the Sires' Produce Stakes, and Sir Wilfred got home in tli© Steeplechase. The last event of tho day, the Eutally Handicap, was won by Merlin. 