DLU VOL* 11K AK IT.* lJoom. bang. wang clung, boo. boo. Great Ghost ««f Ca*sar ! "What is it ? ‘ ejaculated every householder within two mile; of Wo.dona, ns lie skipp'd out. of bed. fell into his pants, and hurriedly raised tbe window. Xo, it wasn’t tl.'e firelvll—a firelndl never sounded like tlmt : nor was it eats, although a mixture of firei*-!!. ram paging Thomases, and the weird wails usually attributed to lost spirits might have produced something akin to it. Heavens ! Those gurgling sounds .’ Was someone 1-eing strangled Or was it the return of the Salvation Army with a new band .’ Xo, it was none of these. It was something infinitely sujatrior—a mid night rehearsal of classical music— Mendelssohn’s symphony—only it didn't seem funny. The drum solo was good—undeniably good—though if we may Iw pardoned lor saying so, the beats were not sufficiently pronounced : but they got there just tbe same. The jierforiner wilt no doubt im prove with practice. The man with the strangled cornet was unequalled in thedouble-tonguing. If he lias a wife there was probably some more douhle-tonguing when he got home. The trombone or baritone man—he so cleverly imitated both instruments that that with which he was wrestling could not be discerned—made very good time, beating hands down the individual who hugged the youfunny'un. The other performers were also well up to their chins, and gave the different instruments a lively time. The only drawback was the somewhat short .dura tion of the concert. It terminated with one wild shriek of victory—a cross l>e tweeu the hum of fifty sawmill!, the whistles of as many locomotives, and the rattle of an equal number of cans at tached to the tails of half a hundred energetic canines. It was grand—sublime!—and re minded one of the other world—which world matters not. Then everybody wen: to bed again, and dreamt horrible dreams of Il.T.'s and assassination, while, phantom Chinese hands played weird melodies round their In the morning the general question was. " l.»id you hear it and the answer, .lust that, and nothing more. 