ARTISTIC LAMP SHADES. To have on hand some pretty bits of fancy work that can be evolved without over exertion of either brain or muscle, and that can be picked up or laid down without suffering thereby, is a comfort and pleasure much appreciated during the warm summer days that are approaching. The making of lamp and candle shades is an easy and plea Bant occupation, and can be done leisurely; and even if the work Bhould grow no more rapidly than Penelope's web, enough can be accomplished to compensate one's labour when the soft light comes through the tinted Bhade. A few, bipts with regard to making them will, no doubt, bfe welcome to most women. For the: very large ones with quil ling upon them, it is' only necesBafy to get a stiff paper shade, an umbrella in Bi2e. This can be simply covered with rose-coloured or Nile green ribbon about two inches wide; the cord edge should be cut off to allow of the edges being fringed. It is then laid on in full box-pleats, arranged row upon row, a deep frill forming the finish. The lining, which should be applied plainly, is of silk to match, or it may be of white silk to form a contrast. But tor very large shades, pale tinted silks are preferable to deeper tones ; very few are, however, of blue silk, for when a blue light rests on the lace, it makes one appear like a ghost, an effect not desirable. The first shade is intended for a candle, and CANDLE SHADE. for Bach all old frames that have done service for paper shades will come in useful. The drape is in pointed'esprit net, lined with yellow sarcenet; the top is gathered together with ribbon tied in a bow and ends. A small circle of flowers would make a pretty finish in place of the ribbon. The rose shade is one of the latest novelties, and can be easily made at home. Over a frame is BOSS SHADE. fastened a gauze foundation that must be properly wired, bo as to stand out well. The gauge must, of course, match the roses, which are carefully and closely sewn on to it In this instance they are pale pink, with a pink under- lining. SBB1 LAMP SHADE. Another -shade having flowers for its decoration is the third one shown. Valen ciennes lace is draped over a foundation of pink Liberty's silk, and pink acacias form the fringe and circle at the top. FASHIONABLE SHADE. Flounces and edgings of cream lace, crepe, - or embroidered lisBe, relieved with pale-pink watered ribbon, alternating with a series of graduated loops in heliotrope satin merveil leux, form the fourth shade. ThiB shade would be very effective with the lower donnce of lace and the two upper ones of Liberty's silk-or sarcenet, finished with trails of flowers instead of ribbon. The parasol shade sketched below is, perhaps, the most difficult to make, but with a good firm frame even this can be accom PARASOL SHADE. plished at home. Art-green faille is fully gathered on the top, and a frill of the same hangs, flounce fashion, all round; over this, again, is a drape of iace, looped here and there to show the pinked edges of the silk. By-the-by, old silken gowns that have been discarded, old sash ribbons, and flowers, if carefully examined and picked, can be con verted into most artistic lamp and candle shades. 