SERMONS. 1 Wh. of publishing these sermons Is borne by a J.? towards Which contributions are solicited from IK friends ol Christian truth. P.O. orders may be SmU payable to Frank Catfobd. ryiHB STUDY OF ORIGINS. the origin" OF life. By Rev. Dr. Bevan. Not a little of tbe difficulty experi enced on one side by investigators of Nature, aud on the other side by believers in Revelation, to come to conclusions of peaoe amoiig themselves, baa arisen from the mistaken conception of the claim of the Bible and the object of the Divine teaching which that book records- It has been maintained that the language of Scripture is to be taken as a literal and absolute expression of ultimate truth oa all topics. Every Bubjeci referred to in the Bible has been supposed to be dealt with from the standpoint of God's complete and infinite knowledge. All that is necessary is to know exactly what the Bible says, and you will then know all the things referred to, as they ate, with a sort of geometric accuracy, without any place for the moral and intellectual perspective ol human conditions of thought and character. Hence the history of the Scriptures is the bare and absolute fact ; the natural science of the Scriptures is the ultimate truth concern ing tbe physical world ; the cosmogony of the Soripiure is the plain unvarnished tale of how the world was made accnrate in all details of manner, place, and time. With such a conception of the meaning of the Bible, it is cot difficult to see that there must be an ever-prowing separation between believers in the Word of God aud observers ot His works. Nothing can bridge the obasm; nothing can unite the separated. If the world is Divine, and the Bible is Divine, then surely it must be possible to find that both books — for both are Goi's b :>oka — must tell the same story and proclaim the one truth. Is it not well to reconsider our methods of interpreta tion? Theee pethaps are at fault, and not the books which we would read. What, then, we aBk, is the object of the Bible? What, indeed, is the Bible ? If the theory that it is wholly and peculiarly, in every word of it, a Divine writing, brings us into such antagonism with wbat we learn when we patiently interrogate Nature, let us read again the Bible, believing it to be not only Divine, but also human. Wbat if there is a human element in this etory ? What if the object of the Book is to record a Divine revelation rather than to be a Divine revela tion ? What if holy men, moved by the Holy Ghost," still remained men, and spoke and wrote for much of what they spoke and wrote Etill as men, with faulty knowledge and imperfect views, with lack of perfeot insight not only into "the things of the kingdom," bat even into the things of the world, and yet, spite of all this, they were still means of testifying to the presence of God, means of leading their fellows and all the race nearer to God. Shall we, therefore, leasen tbe worth of tbe Bible ? Nay ; shall wa not immensely increase it ? Are we not likely to turn from the pointB which wholly ocoapy us with controversy to those matters which shall edify ua with faith and religion? Ia a word, will not the Book, just in the m9asure in which it is more human, ad, therefore, in each part of it belonging for its thought and knowledge and feeling to the age and to the men who produced it, become more Divine. It is now a real life. It is not a hard mechanical impreBBion thrust arbitrarily upon men by God ; but it is a living reality, filled with the Spirit of God, and lighted by His wisdom and His love. Let ub, then, endeavour to read this Book fit Origins, this Genesis, in the light of this conception. It is not a book of science. If at all scientific, it muet use the language of the age to which it belongs. Were it to speak our scien tific jargon the men to whom it was given would not be able to understand it ; the men of the osit age would pass it by. But it speaks Divine things in human language. It does not pre tend to reveal natural science ; that, man can find for himself. But it does reveal God, and God in the relations to the varied spheres of human life in whioh man ne'de Him— a Light where the intellect would grope ever in dark ness, a Love where the heart would break in sorrow, a Law where the will would ever wander to ruin, This man needs, man in every sge neede, and thia the Book grants him in its revelation of God. Oae of man's first and most striking and most persistent apperceptions is that of Life. It may be difficult to define it. It eludes alike the most delicate instruments of both physical and intellectual research. At the moment of its discovery, its captnre, it vanishes, it has perished ; and yet tbere it is io all the wondrous variety of flower and insect, water and land, man and beast, body aud soul and spirit. The child recognises it. The sage despairs of tracking it to its hiding place. The lateBt speculations are indeed inventive of epithets ; but it may be donbted whether even the most skilful has gone far beyond hie fellows in the unlocking of life's mystery. Aud yet none can escape the ceaseless pres sure of the questions which life awakenB. We know it underlies the myriad forms of itB manifestation; we see it emerge, and flourish, and decay; we call one of its processes death, as we term another birth ; we mark ka ancestral course ; we see its issues in posterity, and each form of it and each phase of it BuggestB more new inquiry, to fellow which demands a lifetime, and exhausts the powers of a Bchool. Of all the questions which we ask there is none more curious, none indeed whioh so interests the highest powers of the mind, and in some of its forms involves the noblest impulses of the human spirit than the question— whence comes life ? The life of the individual in its step from parent to offspring ; ihelifeof the species in iis pecu liar relation to the external world ; tbe life of tbe whole vital universe in its ceaseless pulse, its flux and reflux of forceful and con scious being. All intelligence sets forth upon this search. It ib linked with man's motal And spiritual being. It goes from the labo ratory to the lecture-room, from the college to the church. It leads man out of himself to the universe, and leaves him for ever deso late unless by it he finds hie God. We are not careful in thie discussion to go through the various stepB by which the teaoher of biology pursues thiB subject. Bat it must not be overlooked that the lateBt dis cussions upon the Bubject have failed to shake men's common belief in the deaoent of life from life, or at least have not supplied any Scientific warrant to the theory once held that certain forms of life sprang up from condi tions whioh involved only tbe mechanical or physical -elements of matter. Spontaneous feneration is oertainly unproved, and all that AMI be concluded, both from observation and C ifpKoai experiment, is that the conditions of the production of life alwaya include tbe presence of previone living germs. The theory of eoieritifib speculation mAY l?o beyond this in many quarters. But it is doubtful whether the moat rigorous applica tion of the doctrine ot evolution, in ihe bandB of tbe wisest and most cautions of its teachers, does not even for the first form of life whioh trembled into being in the - dawn of the ages, allow tbe necessity of Borne external life— the source of the new energy, and the parent of the vital universe. The drift of the most, adyanoed thought — remember entirely specu lative, for observation and experiment ere both impossible here by the very terms of the problem — is in tbe direotion of tbe quest for life ever in some living one. Death is only- a goal, never a atarting point. lodged, in the universe, there is no death," what seems so is transition." We may, therefore, even from the stand point of the rationalist, approach the Bible and ask what does the Book of Origins teach concerning tbe origin of life. The first reference to life in the story of Genesis is the brooding of tbe Spirit of God upon the face of the waters. Now all ques-' tions concerning tbe poetic symbolic form of this statement — evidently borrowed from the brooding of a bird over its nest, although let it be noted that the idea is not pushed into the groesneeB of the conceptions of certain Oriental religions as to the origin of the universe — must be relegated to tbe region of the Biblical critic, who will detach and appreciate the value of the merely hnman Betting of the narrative- Wbat we perceive is the presence and power of the living God, who has created all things, and who works upon hem out of the fulness of Hie nature, and tccording to the purposes of His infinite wisdom and love, The philosopher leads you back to a primeval world. The eoonomy of bis logic aBks for only one living germ by which the universe of life Bhail begin. But the inexorable laws of bis logic demand also » life whioh shall start that germ-— a source of energy mighty enough, and indeed, rich enough, to evolve all the possibilities which shall be crowned in tbe life of beauty which Grecian art failed to express ; in the life of thought wbich revealed itself in a Newton or a Shakespsare ; in the life of the Spirit which walked bo perfectly the fields of Palestine nearly two milleniums ago, that men deny its reality, and make that life all e dream. But the dream must have been in that primordial germ, or in the force that energised it, and the Book of Origins points to that life— the life of God spreading ovf-r tbe forming chaos, snd pourine of its power into the rude world whioh He had oieaed. Read further in this narrative of beginnings and we find that what seems to be, if not an universal necessity of life, at least the universal condition of life, nameiy, light, is produced by the word of God. In stately largoage, perhaps with one exception the noblest sentence in all human speech, '/God aoi.-i Iflf t.hsra ha licrhfc and thfiffl WAR liphfc. " So ia each succeeding step, or unfolding of creation, for the method iB progressive, we might almost nse the term evolutionary, the word of God is tbe mighty energy whioh produces each change, and makes each addition to the cosmic whole.- Now the word of God in Scripture is not the mpre written or spoken word. It is that, aud much more than that. Within the Divine is Being — toe order and intelligence by which God knows Himself and all things. It is as external, or, as proceeding from the Divine Being, the manifestation of His will, and the embodiment of that will as an energy. According to the fully revealed conception of the Bible, ever progressive, ever tending towards its perfect and ideal representation m Jesus Christ, it is that Divine personality who was at length incarnate in our Lord — tbe Son of God ; He is the -Word, and, in the lan guage of oar text, the Word of Life , Coming back to th9 narrative of origins with this light upon the Divine word, how significant each succeeding sen ence becomes 1 If the story be a mere hard verbal description of speech uttered by God, followed by a series of physical events which followed in subordi nation to the command thus issued, what a dry and graceless page this Word becomeB. But if is b"s the outflowing of tne Divine Nature in tbe will, and the intelligence, and the goodnesB of which the Word is at once the consciousness and the expression, and if we have here the graphic description of the inter penetration of ail natural or cosmical events in their regular order of development by the living power cf tbe eternal Gad, then, indeed, there is a revelation; of God such as the intel leot finds to oompiete its chain of causation and the beaxt of man greets as the solace of it- Borrow, and the pledge cf its final bleseed- oess and content. See how (be life begins to move and teem. ! ! am not anxiqus to save the credit of Mo-es as a g-o'ogist or s biologist, and therefore not 0 ireful as to whether the order in which he presents the creative progress is to'eqnare with what may seem to my narrow knowledge the lesBon of the earth's relicE. Bnt I devoutly beod before the mighty prophet, as he shows over all the obart of his coBmogony the pre sence of God. Doee the earth bring forth grass? Tbe moBt material of evolutionists wants no harder doctrine than that. Here is abiogeneBis indeed 1 Bnt, hearken, " God said." It was a Divine Word that set the atoms of the earth to blend and interact, and tremble into cells with nuclei and walls, and at length to foim into leaf and flower and seed. Are the waters to bring forth abundantly the moving creatures that have life, and then by successive generations of reproductive energy ' to fill the earth and seas with their delights and powers and raptures of living? It is etill tbe Divine Word which saith it ; and no ooze on Bhore of ancient ocean tbplled with te first movements of vitality, spd grew anc chaoged and developed into the many forme of a living world, but over it there echoed tbe voice of the Divine Word, which was in very truth the symbol of the life of God. Wbenoe oomeB this life, then? It comes from God. It is God's word. It is God's will. The reverent heart wisely instructed will understand it. It is the life of G?d. And is there nothing in the last great scene of creation as told by this revelation of God ? The Divine Word still speaks, and with added deliberation and counsel and purpose. More than that, a second narrative defines tbe very act by which human life was gained "God breathed iuto the nostrils of man the breath of life, and man became a living sonl." Now, surely these are not picthres which, with the realism of mediaeval artists or negro preachers, we shall reduce to the absurd actuality of a potter's workshop. Bnt tbey are eternal witness that the sonroeB of life are to be found in God. Put as many steps into the process as yon please, ran ap the ohain of eanse and effect through the thoneand linked suggestions of your freest speculation, bul; remember you muBt fasten tbe chain upon some peg— you mnst end your process some where — and that peg must be strong enough to hold all, and the end mnst be fall enough $0 contain all tbe eventualities of being. And that ie God. " Nature's broth forces," said the Egyptian. "God," answers Moses. "The ele ments, the original womb -of things," Bald the philosopher, " God," answers Moses. '.'Force and matter's potentiality, "lecture thexnodern, " Goo," answers Mobbsv And so, brethren, we cherish life devoutly find guard it as an awful t.nst, and feel within us the attestation of a Divine Pretence, end seek its higheBt per- feei ng, and find solution, and solace, and eat ration only in Him Who is that Lord of Life, . 