OUR NEW YORK LETTER. [noM otra OWN CORRESPONDENT.] ."'Thecurjaiiyfallstbis week upon, this Jhw»Ai2wrx£.nieaiwbb on Jtfonday ' 1W atoodjindicjoi for two of the gravest offences known to the criminal law.' Lives far apart it is true, having no i coming connection, yet both ending in the same piece, Nolle prosequi by the prove referees God. Jacob Sharp is 'dead, and when the lightning's flash announced the fact through the city, there was a sigh of relief in certain legal quarters, and an exclamation of Thank God, the worst is over ! To me there is some thing inexpressibly pathetic about this old man's death and in this faithless age of quarrels and separations and divorces his dear old faithful wife stands forth like a revelation There was a little left about Jacob Sharp to that man or woman ; persecution had soured his, disappointment ingratitude, and disgrace had filled his heart with bitterness and grief ; disease had done its fearful work and had sapped the foundations of his life ; old age with its weaknessftiid Infirmity have stifled even love at d hope ; old friends had vanished ; men whom he had helped to place and power deserted him in the hour of, his direst need. In the midst of the gloom of this dark, hopeless night one face (shone out like an angel of light, fact which hovered over his 'couch' in his long and weary sickness, which beamed with joy at the hope of returning health, which shared uncomplainingly the ignominy of his prison bars and rejoiced with him on his freedom from captivity, and when death came, like an angel of mercy she was still by his side and she pressed her pallid lips to his as with the list faint exclama- tion of " Mabel" upon his lips he yielded up the ghost. It is said that in this world of our there is an inevitable law of compensation from which there is no escape; for every good thing we have there is a penalty to pay, and a compensation for every evil and all that we suffer Jacob Sharp found his compensation in his wife. The Scribes and Pharisees fled from him affrighted. An offence which had been sanctioned by precedent in State and national councils for a hundred years was magnified in importance to a crime Without a name.' The pulpit thundered, forth its anathema and a mighty i press howled out its malediction all the goody-yonries who by lucky chance had escaped the penalty of their crimes, raised their hands in holy h orr or, so if no such sin had been heard of since the creation of man. He became the target for all sorts of ruffians and per- secutors, who hoped in his ruin to profit byhis downfall. The colossal fortune which he had piled up with so much care was rapidly vanishing ; health was gone, prison bars hemmed him around, death was not, far off, and in his last agony it seemed as if his dying scene would be passed in a convict's tell. Everything' she was gone, but there still, thank God, was the Mabel of his early love the Mabel whose hand he clasped before the altar in his young man- hood's prime, and who swore to cherish him in sickness and in health, and in the fulfilment of her oath abandoned her beautiful house, horses, carriages, servants, wealth, all, and there stood till death claimed him, faithful among the faithless to the lost On the seventh day of November last, when-the-result of our municipal election was announced, I then ventured the prediction that Jacob Sharp would never see the inside of States prison. That predic- tion is now fulfilled ; " nor steel, nor poison, i malice domestic, foreign < levy, nothing can touch him further. I would not make light of so grave an offence as bribery, a crime which saps the very form dation of all governments. But JacobSharp was the creature of time and circumstance. He found the government of the city of New York in the hands of a set of thugs and' thieves who were placed in that exalted position of trust by the legal voters of the city. A great public improvement was needed, and these men blocked the way, hungry for plunder. Jacob Sha p gave them their price and got his franchise. Then the whole desperate crew, who had been defeated in sharing the plunder, suddenly became fright fully virtuous, and all of them in thunder tones demanded the blood of Jacob Sharp. Such a bitter and pitiless, storm of vituperation, denuncia- tion, and abuse as followed him for two years past has seldom fallen to the lot of man and the only wonder was, at his advanced age, and with his broken health, that he survived f? r a single hour. But all that is past now, the end has come for him, and with it rest and peace. New York rides gaily up and down Broadway glad to profit by the work of the master genius, now so sorrowfully eclipsed. The boodle road, loaded with so many maledictions, pays . more money into the city treasury than all the other railroads in the city put together. The men who shared his crime and gold, with a few disgraceful exceptions, are either in exile or in prison. He heeds them not; now his trial is finished, have presented by the providence of God. From the darkness and gloom and sorrow of this sad picture, like a bright beacon light through a night of cloud and storm, stands out his wife, a grand example of exalted womanhood, of pure devotion, of wifely honour, of heroic fortitude, of unselfish and undying love. Her reward was in knowing that he to whom she had pledged her maiden faith long years ago, even when borne down to the earth by disaster and disgrace in the last mortal agony of parting life, turned back when half way through the gates of death to breathe once more his darling Mabel's name.' Wherever wifely honour is prized, wherever motherly love is cherished, where purity, devotion, and faith are honoured among men, there will the name of Mabel Sharp be enshrined as an example of American womanhood. Another life closed this week in darkness and tears-that of Senator Bob Hart, an old time minstrel known later on as the Rev. R H. Sutherland, a distinguished Baptist Evangelist, who died in a small hotel on the west side of the town by his own hand. When after a violent) spree some years ago, which brought him to death's door, he professed religion and began to study for the ministry, it is but just to his old associates in the profession who had been connected with him most of his life, and who knew his (weaknesses thoroughly, to say, that they took no stock whatever in his so called Conversion, and most of them felt that his return to burnt cork and tam- bourine and bores was merely a question of time. Several times during 'his term of evangelisation certain evidences of weakness cropped out which filled his friends with grave anxiety and alarm, and were prècViréW» of the calamity which, so euddenlyWertook him' last week. A little over a year ago. while' carrying on a revival in the New England' States, he was picked up drunk in the streets. His; contrition for his offence and his public repentance fere "tsiaiUrs of newspaper notorietyatthetime.butthe church readily condonM.hiSrjoffeccerand' received him with open arms, and he started anew in his work of evangelisation... A few weeks ago he began a' re vi way, in the, Baptist Church at Rockville Centre on i Long) Island. either among the converts that crowded-the anxious seat was a young and beautiful girl about 16' years of age ; taking advantage of his position he assaulted and ruined her. and then abandoned her for another victim Detected fit his infamy he was obliged to fly the towa,,or'he would have been killed by the father, of the girl. For several days he was hiding with the-constable, at his heels, and on Wednesday last he surrendered himself giving) bail for his future appearance next day he sought a low hotel on the west side of the town, where-he-begsn drinking heavily V he then sat down at a table in the bar-room, wrote to a friend announcing his intention to die, and declaring his innocence of the crime of which he was accused, took poison, and ended his life. Mr. Sutherland was th'ejegitima^ pro-. duct of . vicious system, which i has unfortunately obtained in the past few years, of seeking for popular pulpit evangelists in the mire, - City's short time and Brooklyn was raised over the trial <*< an eminent divine who had Served ' V ''.''«i illicit'.--'"' ?' *' a term in States prison, and I know two men in charge of an important mission in this city, one of whom was implicated intone of dthe--greatest-eriinet of the century. Mr. Sutherland's declarator, -i f- his innocence goes for nothing, even.though¿aiaociitod with his dying breath, for against it are the letters in his own hand, and the confession of the girl whom he ruined ' He also asserted two hours before his death, when a friend found him drinking whisky and cautioned him against it-that it was the first time he had tasted liquor for seven years, though his public confession of his drunken debauch was heralded through the press all over, the United States, and for the past twelve days he had been on a continual spree. The church has no need of a rich load ers ; the tambourine and bones are but an indifferent preparation for pulpit evangelization, and if the death of this unfortunate minBtrol shall help to stop or mitigate this crying evil he will not have lived or died in vain: Crash goes the National American Opera once more, floundering in the slough of despond. in two weeks, organized as a cooperative association,' it has sunk over -lOOOdols., and the mom bets on co more are starving. The papers nil declared that the operas were magnificent, the singers beyond all praise, the scenery splendid, the ballet delicious fend entrancing ; but it would not do, the people did not come, the box office did not show up, and the result was six, or to be classic I might have said that!. Meanwhile Fanny Devonport V Tosca." that all the critics, myself included, jumped on like a pack of hungry wolves, goes on from conquering to conquer houses crowded, boxes and two weeks ahead, and now everybody wants to see it because the critics said it was wicked. It is the story of Adam and Eve over again, they like to taste of forbidden fruit. Grand is the sight of the stores in their Easter holiday dress eclipsing the glory of Solomon and Sheba Queen. Silks, satins, gold, silver, flowers, pictures, the beautiful everywhere. The song of the spring birds, the chime of wedding bells. Winter is past Hail, glorious spring ! When I closed my letter last week national ruin seemed impending, for the lager beer brewers were out upon a strike. In view of this great calamity, we were all preparing to go in sackcloth and ashes, but our penance was only of short duration ; the breweries that closed their doors on Monday were opened in full blast On Wednesday, and instead of a drought there was a flood, more beer, than both cities could. consume in a month. But though the strikers could not prevent the brewers from brewing they held a meeting at their headquarters,' and there in secret conclave and in the silence of night con ' ceived the. most diabolical scheme of vengeance' on their late employers ever 1 conceived by mortal man. What do you think it was That they should drink no more beer. Imagine the sacrifice of a public. spirited, citizen who has been in the habit of getting away with from two to 1 four gallons a day ! But the proposition did not strike the great body of strikers at all favourably, so one moved to amend- that they drink no more pool beer ; then a second man moved as an amendment to the amendment, that they drink twice the quantity of non-pool beer that they ever drank of pool beer ; this proposition was received with uproarious i applause, and the meeting adjourned to carry out its threat of vengeance. It is a somewhat remarkable fact, and one that is especially flattering to our enlightened civilisation, that all the meetings were 1 addressed in the German, Hungarian and Polish languages, and in one Bohemian crowd there was scarcely a man who could speak a word of English. Though the strike has been universal, to the honour of our city he it recorded, that there have been none of the scenes of violence here that have disgraced Chicago and other places. Here and there some unfortunate driver may have had his skull cracked with a brick, or some unlucky ' non-union man have got a sounding, but on the whole the public peace has been well preserved, and the strike has been a miserable failure Ex variance were to have availed them nothing. The failure of the Missouri Pacific strike, the failure of the * Long shoremen' strike, the failure of the strike on the Third Avenue Railroad, the Read- ing and other strikes throughout the country involving untold misery, are all lost sight "of, and of the 10,000 men involved in this unfortunate affair, two thirds of them will be starving before the summer is over. Our spring has been b backward, and as a consequence almost all kinds of business have been brought to a standstill. The only business that appears to have escaped is the Fine Arts, and they appear to flourish and grow every day. It is only a couple of weeks since the Spencer collection was disposed off ; there were 67 canvasses, and they brought under the hammer 246 600dol. I was looking at a little picture in an art store the other day, the size of the canvass was eight by ten, and thence paid for it Ingold was 3,500 dol. he mysterious influence of these art gems on' a certain class of persons is almost beyond ' comprehension. It is not a question of ' beauty of composition, of colour . or of subject. It seems to depend entirely on the name of the artist, and the fact of its being an original. I saw this tested the other day in the case of a very fine Rosseau - A- gentleman who possessed a Rosseau, and who was a very fine amateur artist, made a copy of the original picture ; he then framed both exactly alike, and called in an expert well- known in the art world to tell him which was the original and which the copy. The art dealer is a man who has made purchases for some of the finest and most expensive galleries in the country, and at first he was completely confounded ; ' but, after a minute's study, he picked out the original ; but, as he afterwards confessed to me, it was not by the drawing or colour that his judgment was determined, but by a certain mellowness of general effect that age alone could give. The National Academy of Design comes as usual to the front with its annual spring exhibition, but the glory of Israel has departed ; it no longer has a monopoly of the Fine Arts. The American Art Galleries, the Society of American Artists and numerous others, have impaired its usefulness, and this, taken with the persistent war made upon rising men by the antiquarians who have its direction, all serve to render the exhibition less interesting or profitable than it used to be half a century ago. The most absorbing topic of 1 he week has been the! death of Roscoe Conkling, and it is not often in our history that such a general tribute of respect has been paid by men of all parties and creeds to a private citizen. -Eight) years have passed since he disappeared from the political arena, in which he had been such a con- spicuous-figure-years in which the party he so' often led to-victory has experienced little but disaster and de- last. But thoughts abandoned! political life when apparently his fame was, at, its zenith, the public did not, lot J sight of him, and seemingly without a struggle he rise to, an, eminence" in the New York ' Bar rivalled by that of few others in the State, j His clientele is was large and of the very.bestloharacter; his business was extensive and his fees enormous ; his income from his practice in the past year being more than the cash i receipts of his entire political life. Among the briliant tributes paid to the dead ex senator, that accorded him by the Brooklyn Eagle, one of the staunchest Democratic papers in the State, has not been surpassed-" Roscoe Conkling, living in a venal age, was honest in a sordid age, he despised mere wealth, as wealth in a snobbish age he was no worshipper of power in fashionable use he preferred the companionship of friends to the flattery or favour of society. Never weak, not always wits ; he lived a stormy and not a happy life but on his hands was no stain of guilty gain ; no touch of fear on his brave heart; and while committed to the prescription policy of his party the opposition never Mfsrded, him, as other than an keightly anarchist, -promised to regard . r s ' in' t ' , in the period of his primacy as that in which the Republican party attained the perihelion of its greatness." This opinion from -a pronounced "political * " opponent, cannot but be gratifying to the friends of the great Oneida Chief,' now that his eloquent tongue is hushed in everlasting silence. One of the saddest cases that has occurred in my observation for some time is that of Emily Suter, who has been suing in the courts to be released from the guardianship of her brother. It almost sounds like the story of Cinderella, without the glass slipper and the princely lover, and the substitution of a brutal brother for the cruel sisters. Emily's father died some years age, leaving a fortune of about thirty' thousand dollars. Emily's brother had himself appointed executor of his father's estate, and also the guardian of his sister. The wretched girl was taken to her brother's house and made the drudge of the family ; she had scarcely clothes enough to cover her i nakedness, and was driven into the streets to collect cinders from sh barrels ; she was beaten and abused till life became a horror and a burden, and then she ran away to the home of her aunt, who took her in and sheltered her The brother watched the house for days, and finally caught the sister in the street and dragged her home ; then she escaped again and suit was entered to change her guardian. After a careful investigation, Judge Barrett decided that the brutal brother was not a fit guardian for his sister, and remanded her to the custody of her aunt and in deference to the Surrogate, Judge Barrett left to I him the duty of removing the brother; this the Surrogate for some inscrutable reason refuses to do, and remands the girl back to slavery. This astute Surrogate might exclaim with Dogberry-" I am an ass, mark you that don't forget to write me down an ass." An interesting event and one which portends a social revolution, is the arrival from the capital of Austria of nine shapely girls with their teacher, who are going to instruct our society belles in the art and mystery of care and fierce with the foils. The idea is not altogether new, for we have had a fencing school for women here for a long time past ; - but while by some it was regarded , as, a society which, it has never assumed the proportion of a craze, and this it threatens to be before the summer is over. The girls are all good looking, some of them pretty, and one or two would be called beautiful. Professor Harper will have a lively time keeping his team in hand, and I prophecy that when he goes back to Vienna, he will leave the bulk of his troop behind in the land of Yankee Doodle. A more shapely, active '3t of women I never saw, and if they can im- part any portion of their strength and activity to our American girls we can afford to pay them handsomely for their visit. A project is on foot to give a benefit to Lester Wallack on his retirement from public life, and it is said that all the leading members of the profession have volunteered. While this, no doubt, will be an excellent thing for Mr. Wallack. really can't conceive what, claim he has on the public or profession for a benefit. Ina quarter of a century he has received for his personal services and profits on his theatrical ventures over a million of dollars. For everything-he'has done he has been remarkably well paid, and for 20 years past he has lived in the style of a millionaire. He has had his town house and his country house, his valet and his yacht ; he has courted the society of aristocrats and snobs,' and has endeavoured to cultivate them as far as he was able. The American drama and American riders owe him nothing, and with a single exception, John Gilbert, his company has been recruited in London and Dublin, and all of his dramatic royalties have gone into foreign pockets. For years he has been the Turvydrop of the profession, passing on his shape and travelling on his department. His company is now broken up, and he himself practically laid on the shelf ; his great fortune has gone, as Mr. Fisk remarked, " where the woodbine twineth." But if the old gentleman is in need I hope the public will give him a bumper. _ ' 1 " 