OTES ?AND EVENTS. The next, sitting of the Colac County Court will be 'leld on Tuesday, 4th Sdptember;. On Friday' Cr. iRead, accompanied by the Curator of the Botanical Gardens, made an inspection of the street tree planting in Colac. It was found that there are about 50 trees dead, and these will have to be replaced. Many which are still alive have been " topped " by straying horses and cattle, and Cr. Read, who takes great. interest in the question of tree planting, expresses regret that failure should result from a. cause 'so completely. preventible. We trust that increased efforts will be made to, stop..horses and cattle wandering about the town. 'A sad accident occurred on Saturday at Mr. J. Mitchell's Tabletop station. Reginald, one of Mr. Mitchell's sons, 12 years of age, with his brothers and some visitors from Melbourne and Sydney, en gaged in a kangaroo hunt, when his horse bolted and dashed him against .a tree. When the lad was picked up it was found that life was extinct, death having been caused by concussion of the brain, the top of his head being split open. 'Mr. Mitchell is at present in England on a holiday tour. In reply to the advertisement published by the Railways department last month for persons desirous of becoming candidates for employment in various branches of the service, 6000 applications have been received to fill 615 vacancies. About 570 of the applications were informal, and hence the total number t4 be, medically examined, and subsequently dealt with by ballot, is reduced to 5430. Even this number, however, represents by far the, largest aggregate of candidates yet reached for any one month, Applications from persons desirous of being employed in the Victorian foot foot police force will be received at the Police Department, on the 15th August. Candidates must be over 20 and under 30 years of age, and must be at least 5 feet 9 inches in height, able to read and write, and of reputable character. Our Barramunga correspondent informs us that very rough weather has prevailed there of late, and the road to Apollo Bay is in such a frightful condition that traffic is almost stopped. The temporary reservation, by order of 14th August 1876, of twenty acres two roods five perches of land in the parish of Birregurra, being allotments 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11, of section 21, as a site for pub-" lic purposes, is about to be revoked.: The application for lease of T. H. Harris for 102a 3r 30p,' parish of Barongarook, has been approved. During the passage of the steamer Alert from Melbourne to Geelong on Friday, shortly after passing Point Cook, at 6.15 p.m., an elderly man jumped overboard. The vessel was stopped immediately, a boat lowered, and the man was picked up insensible. ,When taken on. board the utmost efforts were made to restore anima tion, but without success. The deceased is unknown, about 55 years of age, and 5 feet 7 inches in height and there was noth ing in the pockets of his clothes to lead to identification. He is bald headed, and has a grey moustache; and he was clad in navy blue serge trousers and vest, dark brown coat and overcoat, and wore elastic side boots. An accident of a' painful character, resulting in the instantaneous death of a son of Mr. M'Lean, contractor for the erection of the Melbourne Town Hall portico, occurred on Friday afternoon. Shortly before 5 o'clock several workmen were engaged-at the building, endeavoring to adjust a crane which was to be used for the purpose of lifting girders and other material into proper position. Thomas Samuel M'Lean, the contractor's son, 'a lad 17 years of age, visited the works, and at the time was standing on a plank near his father, who was lending' some assistance in hoisting the upright of the crane;' when 'some part of the tackle gave way, and young M'Lean was struck by the upright, and knocked from his position on the plank. The lad fell head foremost a distance of 30 feet on to some blue stone cubes. He was picked up dead, 'his skull having been completely smashed in The first shearing in the Walgett district (N.S.W.) has been interrupted at Booroowa station, about a' thousand men, union and non-union, being there assembled to prevent non-unionists being engaged.'. So far no extreme steps have been taken, but the police magistrate and a posse of' police from Walgett and police from Brewarrina are on the spot, prepared for emergency. 'Both Houses of Parliament will'meet this afternoon, but the sitting of the Legislative Council is only to be a formal one, as no business will be proceeded with until the want of confidence amendments brought forward in the Legislative Assembly has been disposed of. The debate on the address in reply will be resumed this even ing by Mr. Gaunson. ' An effort is to be made to terminate the discussion thle same evening, in order that the sessional orders might be considerod on thefollowing night. Upon the motion of which Mr. Munro has given notice, that the House in future sit four days in the week, considerable dis cqssion is likely to arise. Mr. Gillies states that the Government are not averse to the House sitting four days in the week, but that the convenience of country members will have to be considered in the matter. On Thursday evening Mr. Wrixon proposes to proceed with the second reading of the Law Codification Bill. The London correspondent of the Age writes:--Very little is allowed to leak out on this side of the world concerning the Chinese difficulty in Australia, but it is authoritatively stated that the Chinese Go vernment have formally protested against the action of the New South Wales Govern ment, and that the protest is now receiving the attention of the British Cabinet. It is stated that the Chinese Government have protested mainly against the dis criminating character of the legislation proposed by Sir Henry Parkes, contending that any laws the Australian colonies may make with regard to immigration should be equally applicable to all foreigners and not to the Chinese alone. They 'also astutely seize upon the fact that Sir Henry Parkes has taken isolated action in the matter, and that his course is disapproved of, if not opposed by soveral of the other Covernments. It is representing that the Chinese immigrating .to Australia. are neither paupers nor criminals, and that consequently they cannot 'legally ibe re fusdd admittance. It is vvcry reasonibly suggested that the colonies should 'first agree upon the conditions of a treaty, which should be submitted to the British Government, whoi. if approving it, should open negotiations with China. This is also, the opinion entertained by Lord Salisbury, so Sir Henry Parkes has done well to "back down" and agree to take part in a conference on the ouestion. The inquiries of the detectives have thrown considerable light upon the recent shocking murder at Elmore. It now transpires that the murdered man was John Duggan, a farm laborer, residing, at Axedale, but generally travelling round the country. He was of a most miserly disposition, and had saved a sum of several hundred pounds, which was lodged in one of the local banks. When he was not working he would beg his way around the country. He had a deposit receipt for over £670 on him before the murder, and is also believed to have had a good deal of cash. The deposit receipt was found in High street a week ago, by a man named Hogan, who sent it to the bank. The circumstance did not arouse any suspicion, as it was not thought to have any connection with the murder. This discovery will put inquiries on a fresh basis, as it supplies a motive for the crime. Two men, named Lewis alias Hookie And Williams, have been arrested at Malmsbury and Maryborough respec- tively, and are in custody on suspicion, but it is not thought now that they were con- cerned, as they appear to have been at the hut after the murder. The identification of the body arose from the full description given in the press of deceased and his clothes. It seems that he was in the habit of freely showing his deposit receipt. A telegram from Albury says that the agitation for the imposition of retaliatory duties on farm. and dairy produce and general merchandise, imported from Victoria, is being renewed among the farmers of this district. It is proposed to hold a series of meetings in the different centres, and afterwards to appoint a monster deputation to interview the Government. Advantage is to be taken of the presenceof large numbers of farmers at Alburyduring show week, when the deputation will pro bably be appointed. A proclamation is issued in the Goerns. meat Gasette of Friday declaring that the close season for quail shall extend from August to the last day of February in each year. The clipper ship Loch Ryan, with a few passengers and a full general cargo, arrived in Hobson's Bay on Saturday morning, having iccomplished a successful run from Glasgow. The voyage has not been without incident. At half-past 12 on the morning of the 6th June, the wind then blowing a fresh gale, a seaman, while furling the mainsail, fell from the yard into the water on the lee side. The start ling accident was immediately noticed. Life-buoys were thrown, and with all speed a boat, manned by the second and third officers, with three seamen, was lowered and sent off to the rescue. The man, for tunately, happened to be a stout swimmer, and managed, in despite of the magnitude and overbearing power of the billows, to successfully combat with them. After halt ani hour's strong rowing the boat reached the man and picked him up. The wind then being fair, the ship was soon reached, and the unfortunate fellow taken on board. When rescued he was in as very exhausted condition, and it was but the fact that he was battling for dear life that 'kept his heart and strength from failing. He is still in a low state, but with skilled care and, attention will no doubt quickly recover. The action of the men who formed the rescuing crew is deserving of great credit. In a frail small boat, which was tossed and thrown about in the waves like a cork, and in the teeth of a strong wind in mid oceai, they volunteered for the rescue. Journalism in Paris bids fair to become as sanguinary a profession as it is in the far west. Twelve anarchists called at the office of the Intransigeant to demand the insertion of some notice or other, and when it was refused, threatened to burn doswn the house. Thereupon MI. Rochefort drew a revolver, and threatenfed to blow out the brains of the first inan who approached. .The twelve anarchists drew in return, and the ." shootin " was. just about to begin, when the police arrived, and prevented further mischief. The editor who sits with his scissors in one hand, and his "hip cannon" in the. other is evidently not altogether an imaginary creation. It was announced in the Roman Catholic Churches at Ballarat on Sunday that Dr. Moore, the Bishop of the diocese, was about to establish a Roman Catholic college in Ballarat, and with this view would bring to the colony with him in October five clergy men of the order of the Holy Ghost, who are to act as professors at the college. Two of the number are Frenchmen and three Irishmen. All "have graduated at the London University. Six seclslar priests and a community of nuns of the Little Sisters of Nazareth have also been engaged for the Ballarat diocese. The statement published in New Zealand that the Chinese residents have received an edict from the Governor of Canton ordering them to cease emigrating and return to China in 3 years is generally regarded as a hoax. Some Chinese residents, however, declare that such an edict was received by a Dunedin merclmntia month ago, and he is now circulating it among the Chinese throughout the colony. Three men named George Brendell, George Chapman and John Jones, were charged before the Footseray bench on Saturday with cruelly illtreating a horse. It appeared from the statement of a witness that, after flogging the animln unti itfelldown from exhaustion, Brendell and Chapman beat it savagely with the end of a broken shaft, finally stabbing it in the neck. The three men were arrested by Constable Smith, and the horse was taken to aveterinary surgeon, who found that it had sustained fearful injuries, the head hiving been reduced almost to a pulp, and one side beaten in. The prisoners were remanded, bail being refused. 