CHAPTER X COSTAINS THE THIRD AHD LAST PART OP HI rATHEB'8 JOURNAL lETTING FORTH THE HCTINT OS BOARD THE BELLE KOBTCNE. 'Jane 19—Stranjfe that wherever lam hospitably entertained 1 recompense mp host bp falling tU in bla home. Smoa mp Ust antty in Ihia journal I have been liviug at tha fata of death, em’.tten dowa with a aora sickoeo*. It saema that the longexpoture and weariness of mp jnurnep to tha Peak threw me into a taper ; oat of thii I ehoald *090 hare recovered, war* it hot for mp head, which 1 fear will never be whollp right ag»m. That oowardiy blow upon Malabar Hilt has made a aad wrack of ma; twice, wheu I Mamed in a fair wap to recovery, baa mp mind entirely given way. Mr. Everileigh indeed an ares me that my life hat more then oDoe been dee paired of—and thea whet would have beoome of poor Margery? 1 hope I am tbankfal to God for eo mercifully eparing my poor life, the more eo becaaae oooadoae how unworthy I am to appear before Him. * I trnet I did not betrav rap eeeret in my waaderitM*- Mr. Eversleigh Milt me 1 talked the etrangeet staff at time*—about rabire and sksleiooa, and a certain dreadful f*ca from which I «ae etroggling to escape. But tha eecaritp of my journal aud the golden deep, which I recovered to day, eomewbat taaaanted me. 1 am allowed to walk in the garden for a ehort epaoe every day, bat not antil to day have I found etrengtb to dig for my board. I can hardly de«crib* my rmotioue on finding it eafe and eonnd. ' Poor Margery 1 How anxioae ehe matt be gening at my eiUnoe. 1 will write her 1 to-morrow—at itaat I will begin mp letter to 1 morrow, for I eball not have etrength to finiek it in one dap. Even now I ought not to be writing, bat I cannot forbear making an ; antrp in my reeov-rsd Journal, if oolp to ' record my thankfuiueea to Heevea tor mp r greet deliverenoe. , I ‘ Jana 33.—I have written to Uirnir, bat toga the tetter ap on eeooad tboaghU, a* I nad better wait antil I hear news of a vessel > in which I can eafelp travel home. Mr. i Evereleigh, who ie very kind to me; though nyi ao hear:p at Mr. Sanderaon, will not hear of mpe'arting in my present oouditlon. I wonder in what pert of the world Ooliiver is travelling no*. „ ' Jaly 1.—Oh, this weary waiting ! Shall a never aee the thorea of England again ? The doctor aayethat I only make myself worm by fretting : bat it is bar) to linger so _whan at my Journey's end lies wealth almott beyond the imagination, and, what ie far more to me, the tight of my dear ones. ' Jaly t— In answer to my entreitiee, Mr. Evereleigh hae consented to make inquiries ■boat the bomeward-honad veeeete starting from Colombo. The reeatt ie that he ha> at once'altered mpimpatlenoe. andoompaaeed bi» end of keeping me a little longer, by _e — aAHilittml that X enrtPRVa h 11 Oil SOU U1 ‘uo • | eelacting—upon condition that I approve bis choice—an East Indiaman due to tall ml abont a fnrlnlgh-'e time. The name of the ebipie the Belie Porlnne. a .d of tbecaoUin, Ctrnt Holding, la (pits of the name the ship it English, aad ie a barque of abont 600 tone register. Her cargo coneietv of ■agar and coffee, and her crew number* eoma eighteen hande. To-morrow 1 am going down with Mr. Evanleigh to in* poet her bat lam prepared beforehand to find her to my liking. Tne only pity ie that the doe* not start earlier. • Jnly 6 —Weak ae I am, even y**terda» a «hotl eicartion axbanated me, to that I felt aoabl* *o writ* a word laet night. 1 h*v* been over the Bell* Fortune, and am more than pleated, especially with her c*pt*in, whoMhoneet face-took m;f^>cy atonoe. I have a motl oomfortabie cabin next to hie ■at apart for me. at little coat, since it bed bacn fitted ap for a lady on the outward voyage: ao thetlshell etiU here e little money in pocket on my return, ae my living, both here andet Bomber, bee coel nothing, and the dootor’a bill* have not eshanaied my nore. 1 wrote again to Margery to'day, making as ligui of my illness as I coaid, and sayingnothing of the business on Malabar Hill. That will best be told her when she has me home again, and can hold my hand feeling that I am secure. ‘ July 8 — t have been down again to-day tosesthe Belle Fortune. I forgot to say she belonged to Messrs. Vincent and Hoxt, of Bristol, and is bound for that port. The only other passengers are a Dr. Concanen and his wife, who are acquaintances of Mr, Evers leigh. Dr. Concanen is a physician with a good practice in Colombo, or was, as his wife's delicate health has farced him to throw up hie employment here end return to England. Mr. Evsrsleigh introduced me to them this morniug on the Bede Fortune, Thehnsbun t is almost as tall as my hOBt, and looks a man of peat strength. Mrs. Concanen is frail and worn, but very lovely. To-day she seemed so 111 that I offered to give up my cabin, which is really much more com fortable than theirs. Bat she would not heur of it, insisting that I was by far the greater invalid, and that a sailing vessel would quickly Bet her right again, especially a vessel bound for England. Altogether they promise to be most pleasant companions. I forgot to say that Mrs. Ooncanen is taking a native maid home to act as her nnrse. ‘July 1L—We start in a week's time. 1 had a long talk with Oaptaia Holding to day ; he hopes to make a fairly qnick passage, bat says that he is short of hands. I have not seen the Concanens since. ’July 16.—We sail to-morrow afternoon. 1 have been down to make my final arrange ments, and find my oabin much to my liking. Captain Ho’ding is still short of hands. * July 17, 7.30 p.m.— We cast off our warps shortly after 4 o'clock, and were quickly running homeward at about seven knots au boar. The Concanens stood on deck with ms watching Ceylon grow dim on the horizon. As ths proud coae of Adam's Peak faded softly ano. slowly into the evening's mist, and so vanished, as I hope, for ever on', of my life, I could not forbear returning thanks to Providence, which has thus far watchsd over me <o wonderfully. Tnere is a fair Dreezs, and the hands, though short, do their work well to all appearance There were only fifteen yesterday, three having b eu missed for about a week before we sailed, but I have not yet seso Captain Bolling to ask him if be made up his number of hands at the last moment. Mrs. Ooncanen has invited me to their cabin to have a chat ahont England. ' July 18.—I am more disturbed than I cate r-o own by a vary carious discovery which I made this morning. As I issued on deck I saw a man standing by the forecastle, whose htek seemed familiar tn me. Preieutty be turned, and I saw him to be Simon Colliver, He haa most strangely altered hla appearance, being dressed now as a common sailor, and wearing rings in his ears, as the enstom is. Catching sight of me he came forward with a pleasant smile and explained himself. 1 “ It is no manner of use, Trenoweth ; we’re fated to m-*et. Yon did nut expect to see me here in this get np ; but 1 learnt last night that yon were on board. You look as though you had seen a ghost. Don’t stare so, man—I should say ' sir' now, 1 suppose—it's only another of fortune’s rubs. 1 fell ill after that journey to the Peak, and although Railton nursed me like & woman—he's a good fellow, and not as rongh as yon would expect—I woke up nut of my fever to find all the money gone. I’m a fellow of resource, Trenoweth, so I hit oo the idea of working my passage borne ; by good lack I found the Belle Fortune was short of hands, offered my services, was accepted—having been to sea before, you know—sold my old clothes for this cnetumo—must dress when one is actings part—and here I am." ' "' Is K iil:on with you ?" I asked. ' "Oh, yes; similarly attired. I did not see you yesterday, being busy with the cargo, so that it's all the more pleasant to meet here. Bat work is the order of the day now, Y u’ll give ms a good character to the captain, won’t yon ? Good-bye for Ibe present.'1 ’ Icennottell how mnch this meeting has depressed ms. Certainly I have no reason for disbelieving the man’s story, but the frequency and strangeness of onr meetings make it hard to believe them altogether accidental. I saw Kailton in the afternoon ; he is gro «tly altered for the worse, and, I should think, had been drinking heavily before he shipped ; but tbe captain was evidently too sh irt of hands to be particular. I tninkl will.ive the Concanens my tin box to hide in their cabin. Of c -urse. I can trust them, and this will batil s theft; the clasp I will wear ab -at mo./ This it a happy idea. I will go to toeir cabin and ask them. It is half-past 9 p m., and the wind still fair, I believe. ‘July 20 —We have so far kept np an averagetspeed of seseo knots and a half an hour, and C.ptain Holding thinks we shall evsn make better tailing when the hands are more accustomed to their work. I spend my time mostly with tbe Concanens, who readily, by the way, undertook the care of my tin box, and find them the most agreeable of fellow-travellers. Mrs. Concanen has a very sweet voice, and her husband hat Warnt to accompany it on the guitar, so that altogether we spend very pleasant essnings. (TO Eg COSTINCin.) 