ABOUT THAT DUEL. TWO GENTLEMEN FIGHT AT CAUL- FIELD. RIVALS IN LOVE. wo uavo been favored with tho details ot a duel, happily without a serious ending, the out come of a social incident. Many difficulties be set our attoinpts to gather the accurate /acts of the adventure. Tho gentlemen immediately concerned wcro the only persons in possession of them, and for reasons easily to ho conjec tured thoy carefully guarded their secret. Tlio f first not of thu realistic melo drama took plnoo alt a hall which waif' given somo little timo Rinco by a certain wealthy -citizen in Ilia mansiuu at Toorak. Uoy was the gathering, merry was the mirth df thu assemblage— at least of tho greator part of it, which was collected tn thn hall-room. But at about a quarter to 1 o'clock, whilst the caniedy of life was being enacted in one rouui, a more serious scene was being ployed an tho other side of its walls. Several of tho gentlemen— nmongRt whom was a certain popular Civil Servant, «— had ndjourncd to a side chamber to indulge in tlie combined pleasures of a cigar, r nobbier. and achat. .Ah they ware ocm- plt>3«d,a young barrister joined them excitedly, ami singling nut tho Civil Servant, whom' wo will call C — — , ho nddrrarad him angrily "Sir," ho oxdnime:!, "you 'havo innulted me. I demand an apology." ' O- — , rather nonplussed at first, but cool, after a few moment' consideration, calmly replied, " I do not understand yon. my dear fellow." "You know that yim danced with Mies last waltz, and 3on also know that for that dnucu sho wan engaged to me." "I know nothing of the Kind," retorted Mr C , warmly. "Then, sir, yon aro a liar and a cad," shouted tliu barrister holly, " and your Jady friend is ft fit companion for you," Maying which ho turned to leave tho room. But 0 wan infuriated. He sprung after his retreating rival, .and catch- ing him hy thn collar coat, liu sWung him round- eo-that ho facud tho astonmtod and somewhat onimcd onlookers. Hold, sir," exclaimed ho, " for what you raid of mu I care nothing, hut you have iiih'ulted a- lady. Now 1 want an apology," . "Apology bo damned I" returned the now red-faccd lawyer, hf Deurhuwt fashion. "Then there is an insult." Haiti a, furiously ; and pulling out hi« glove, ho strnck his rival across tho face, releasing id hold on his gage and Icttiup it fall to the ground when the force of the. blow was .spout. Then, pointing to it, lie raid, witli cutting emphasis, " Return your answer with that!". With which, and C.V immediate withdrawnl'tai it, tho excitement of tho Rccnc cooled down. The result was that a friornl nf tho barriutor's— a captain ol militia— next day wrote a luttar, with which was , enclosed tho glovo to C — —,/ asking him to name a friend. The reply to this referred tliu captain to a lieutenant of artillery. All the iiecosrary prelimiiiurtc for a duol with pistols wore arranged. A spot hnlf-a-milu behind the Caulfiuld racecourse wiw tlio scene fixed upon for tho affair, and fi o'clock on Sunday morning, tho 5th inst., war the timo. Tlio eventful day dawnfld. After a dewy night UiomurningbVoke freRhaudbalm3',nnd thefiolds bohind Cnnllield heath glistened in tholigbtof tho red nnd rising sun,.. Olio spot, mnrked by a lightning blasted gum-tre?, looked particu larly picturesque." Like thu ghost of nn ago gone by, the huge grey giant of tho forest stood solemn . in dead and gloomy nnkednem,- whilsfc clustered around it there swayed gently tq and fro in tho balmy brooza fresh, young, and green saplings, which, in their contrast to the gloomy gum, ap|>carcd like youth learning the lesson andviewingthccxperienceof age. Boon , the auio'tnosH and Rolitudo of the, scene wero disturbed; but so softly as to almost do nothing bub to cmphnsizo tliem. Two horsemen had ridden 'silently up ncrois tho velvety gross, . .and tho remark of ono of them, '"Iliis is tlio placo, O—," was answered with/a sign of assopt. 'They had hardly dis- mounted and tied their horses to a trco than a dog-cart, drawn by a pair in "tandem"1 style, and containing thrco occupants, joined them. Greetings of a frigid politeness were exchanged between tho memtora. of both parties, and tlien tho seconds— captain and . ; Jnmteuant— withdrew, . loaving the principals — tho barrister and C Rtnndiug separated with a score of feet between Ilium, and Additionally divided by the doctor-surgcon, who was stooping down over a cjiso of instruments. Tlio conference of tho seconds, which included tho examination and loading of a particularly fino pair of duelling pistols, was brief, and then each joined liis principal. Both principals tindor- went n'similar prelimiimry preparation, each stripping -himself lo.hi# trouReraand flannel shirt. If tho scene was pretty before theso living netors appeared upon it, it was particu larly picturesque now. Tho barrister, who was then perhaps on the threshold of the end of a brief career; wis pale, and ho stood ner vously fingering the handle of his weapon mtho vicinity of its aceuracoly adjusted hair-trigger. O— was calm, and a slight Rmilo played about his face. Both nro handsome men, and thoy looked : splendid specimens of their raw, as thoy stood thero then, each with his second at his olbow. The surgeon sat on a stump a safe distance off. and tlie horses, oblivious.of tlio varying passions which wero swaying within the breasts of their masters, grazed quiotly and happily by. An artist would have made his fortuno had ho faithfully re produced tlio picture on canvas. As though by mutual consent, tlio seconds led their principals towards ono another, and when they mot thoy placed them baok to back. Thus tlmy wcro standing when tho Burgeon spoke :— "One," said he, . Not a move. "Two ("said he. A stillness of death. "Threo !" said he. Tho rigidity of riyor nionis. ! "March 1" said he. And, simultancouRly, the men, pistols in hand, pacod off each With tlio left foot. It had been agreed that each principal was to walk 12 paces, at second intervals, mid then turn ami fire— ouo shot As they walked those paces, which to eithor might to the lost on earth, tho excitoincnt which agitated tlio quartette of men was intense, and oven tho horses seemed to fcel'it, for thoy looked up from their grazing, and gazed witli wondering eyes on tho deathly silent scono. ' Ten I Eleven !— — 1 "Twelve!" Both men turned exactly at once. O. — -calmly, ami only half ; thu barrister sharply, Aud fully exposing his whole front. "Crack" wont tho lawyov's, shot into tho empty air. "Crack !" followed O— — 's likonn coho; and down, with his riglitimhd clasped to his bide, fell tho barristor. .j ' His second and tho surgoon wore soon at in side, nnd it was with ...sighs ' of relict that thoy discovered tho wound to- bo only through thu biceps of tlio toft arm, iu a hori zontal lino with tho heart. "Bv Jovo 1 n close shave," said the surgeon. " Yiw,_by god !" replied the second. The bullet was easily and almost painl.-ssly extracted, and when the barrister recovered from his shock, ho was able to satisfy his rival, by a faint smile, that ho was not seriously wounded. Wiuo and flasks were produced from the dog«cnrt, and with graceful gravity and ix>lintod dignity tiio fivo gentlemen "buried tho hone," and cro iho boll of a distant convent called its holy inmates to matins, the solemn domain of tha peaceful gum and sapling was undisturbed and undufilod by tho banufurpresoncu of tollicoao man. Such is an unexaggmted account of the affaire d'honncuv as it lias beeu described to us. From inquiries which wo havo made from day to day we learn that tha gentleman who was woundedisnowftlmostcomplctoly recovered. Wo nro certain that our disclosure iu this particular instance will cause tho question of the desir ability of tho resurrection ot duelling to bo widely discussed. Such a discussion must only lead to a confirmation ol tho wisdom of tho notion of the late Prince Consort in suppressing duelling iu tho army, whiob stop was tho thin end of the wedge, which finally completely abolished tho practice from the realms of tlie British Empire. A confirmation nf this kind will to useful, for in this wo havo begun to recognise that sentiment must bo subordinated to sense, -and with tho latter term— with sense — " tho law" must ever bo synonymous. In conclusion, we fee) bound to toll onr reacrcrs that although tbcynmy Hunuiaoupon somo of tlio points of our narrative, wo do nib fevl that wo will bo able to satisfy their surmises.', This in particular refers to tho names of tho actors In tho drama; thoy aro of WftB-known people, snd they liave been, -for obvious reasons, -withheld; > 