TALE. My Lady Primrose, There was a sound of distant bugling in the air — a melancholy, discordant kind of bugling. Now and then the soil seemed to quake beneath the tread of some military detachment marching along with measured tramp. The voice of the Drill Sergeant could he heard in the land, together with the rattle of arms from some regiment on parade, and now and then a burst of military music while penetrating these mingled sounds might he heard the warbling of skylarks from on high, or the thrilling note of a cuckoo in some fax-distant plantation. All these sounds heard Sophie Gerard as she opened the window to let in the crisp morn ing air and the cheerful voice of spring. Breakfast was all ready, and Sophie was waiting with the eager appetite of youth, for her father, Colonel Gerard, has not yet come home from his morning ride. In a general way the Colonel was a model of military punctuality, and Sophie, getting impatient, went out into the porch to see if he were coming. The hut to which the porch belonged was one of the most elaborate in the camp ; a succession of tenants had added to it here and there, till it formed quite an encampment in itself ; and with creepers growing about it, and a quite respectable lawn and garden in front, the place had really a cozy, cheerful appearance. As Sophie scanned the long line of white road, bordered by copses of birch which were now in their freshest green, without seeing any figure that she could recognize as her father's, the garden gale opened, and a young Boldier entered, a Sergeant by his stripes, and, with a formal salute, passed on toward the Colonel's office, which was on the further side of the hut. ' Sergeant Arthur !' said the girl in a hesi tating voice. The young man stopped with a pleasant smile, again raising his hand to the salute, and awaited the young lady's commands. ' My father has not returned yet — I feel quite uneasy.' 'Is Malec with the Colonel?' asked the Sergeant, quickly. 'Malec hero,' said the individual in ques tion, putting out his brown faco at the door of a wooden outbuilding which represented the. butler's pantry. ' Malec here,' he repeated, coming forth bodily as if with sinister designs upon the Sergeant. Then, seeing for the first time his young mistress at the door, he made a profound obeisance, so that he almost touched the ground with his snowy turban. J U8t then the Colcnel arrived at the door ; he had galloped across the lines in a different direction from that expected. The soldier- groom came forward, to receive the horse ; Malec held his master's stirrup in an attitude of proud humility ; the Sergeant saluted once more, and Sophie ran forward to take from her father's hand a basket covered with green vine-leaves, which he held out to her. ' I'm awfully sorry to have kept you waiting,' said the Colonel to his daughter, as they sat down to breakfast, with Malec waiting behind his master's chair, ' but those grapes must be my excuse. The fact is I met Crump as I was cantering along, and he insisted on my going to see his vineries. He's an early bird liko myself. Oh ! and Mrs. Crump is coming over to call on you this very day.' 'What! Lady Primrose?' said Sophie, with a shrug of the shoulders, and looking rather dissatisfied. ' Yes, Lady Primrose, as the people call her,' rejoined the Colonel, 'and if you can make a friend of her, Sophie, I shall be very glad. Her father was a very dear old friend of mine, and poor Guy — well, he was very fond of her, poor boy.' Here the Colonel's voice became husky and broken. Three years had elapsed Bince the death of his son Guy, a promising and en thusiastic young officer of Engineers, who, having undertaken a dangerous surveying expedition among the higher passes of Afghanistan, had been cut off by a native tribe and destroyed with all his party — all except one man. Colonel Gerard adopted this faithful Pathan, whose name had been shortened to Malec, as his own personal attendant, and brought him home with him when the Colonel returned from India to take up a staff appointment in England. The Colonel had another retainer, whose services were to be measured rather in the scale of good-will than in any more rigid fashion. This was Mrs. Bridget, or Aunt Biddie — as she was generally known in camp or cantonment — the widow of a Sergeant in the corps, who had acted as nurse to little Master Guy and Miss Sophie, and who, since the death of the Colonel's wife, exer cised a mild control over her master's simple household. As for Sergeant John Arthur, who was the Colonel's principal assistant in his office work, he was a now acquaintance altogether and did not belong to the corps — the Engineering Corps, that is— but had been taken up on an emergency from some line regiment and had proved so desirable in every way that tho Colonel insisted on ke ping him. The young man was accom plished as a draughtsman, as a linguist; in fact was thoroughly well educated, and off d , had the manners and bearing of a gentleman. Sopbie ad mired him immensely all fre more from the spice of mystery there was about him. The Colonel had a rea| affection for the Sergeant, who reminded him in some respects of his son Guy. Often he had tried to draw him out on the subject of his past history, but on this point the Sergeant was impenetrable. Soon after Inncheon on tho day when this narrative begins, Mrs. Crump's carriage drew up by tho porch of the Colonel's hut, and Mrs. Crump herself was introduced by Malec into Sophie's presence. Sophie was naturally nervous, for she had only been for a few weeks at the heud of her father's house, and this was the first visitor she had received from the outside world. Of course she had formed the acquaintance of the wives and daughters of tho camp ; but these belonged, as it were, to the family, and had never seemed formidable. But neither was Mrs. Crump at all formidable. Those who had called her Lady Primrose had somehow hit off an appropriate soubriquet. Sbe was fair, rather pale, with beautiful golden hair, and had a somewhat pensive expression in general, relived at times by a ; frank and fascinating smile Lady Primrose met Sophie's embarrassed greeting by a hearty embrace. ' So you are Guy's sister !' she said, holding the girl at arm's length. ' You are ten thousand times better looking than ever Guy was ; but you have his smile, my dear, that heart-breaking smile, and his beautiful eyes.' ' Then you were fond of Guy ?' said Sophie tremulously. ' Eond isn't the word, child,' replied Lady Primrose. ' I loved him and yet I sent him away to his death.' ' I beg your pardon, ladies,' said a voice at this moment. ' I did not know any one was, here. The Colonel wanted a hook ! ' Here Lady Primrose turned upon the in truder, who fled precipitately without wait- for the required volume. Who is that ?' asked Lady Primrose, who had caught a glance of the retreating fisrure, and who looked rather scared. ' Oh, that is one of my father's assistants,' said Sophie. ' He is not particularly shy, bnt you seem to have frightened him.' ' My dear, he frightened me, just the turn of his figure reminded me so strongly ' 'Not of Gny ?' asked Sophie, wonder- ingly. 'Not of him — of another.' But the inter ruption had checked the flow of Lady Primrose's confidence, and now her talk flowed on in more conventional channels. And Sophie must come and stay at Crum- petts ; that was imperative, if her father consented. The only question was, how soon could she be ready — in two hours ? ' No, not possibly in two hours,' Sophie protested. But here the Colonel came in and cut Bhort her objections. A soldier's "daughter should be ready to march anywhere at any hour's notice. So the Colonel called Mrs. Bridget, and bade her pack his daughter's trunks, and get everything ready for her departure. Lady Primrose drove away, having other calls to make, promising to return and carry off Sophie at the appointed time. 'But you will bo so lonely, papa,' said Sophie, feeling that she too would bo lonely in a big house where all wore strangers to her. 'My dear, I am used to heinglonely, ' said the Colonel with a sigh ; ' that is, if I can bo con sidered loneiy with Bridget to look after me, and all the kind friends I have about me.' \- When Sophie was all ready and only wait ing for Lady Primrose's carriage, she went into the Engineer's office to bid hor father a final good-by. Her father's place was vacant; but at a side table sat Sergeant Arthur. He had a sketching block before him and was rapidly tinting in a water-color sketch — nothing in the way of ravelins, counterscraps or other professional subjects, but only two charming female heads. The young man was so intent upon his work that he did not hear the slight noise Sophie made in coming in. One of the heads was decidedly Lady Primrose's, and a bunch of primroses at the throat was her appropriate badge. The other head, Sophie was inclined to think, was her own ; and she felt a certain satisfaction in recognising that the artist had expended far more loving pains over this last, which he had adorned with a bunch of violets. The Sergeant placed his sketch hastily in a drawer and sprang to his feet as he recog nized Sophie's presence. ' Your father is out, Miss Gerard ; he has gone to headquarters.' Sophie felt a slight embarrassment under the young man's ardent but respectful scru- tiny. 'lam going away,' she faltered, ' and I will say good-by now. You will take care of papa.' The last request sprang unpremeditated ( from lier lips. Surely it was rather an absurd one. ' I will look after the Colonel,' said the Sergeant gravely, 'as long as I am here. But before you return I shall probably have rejoined my regiment.' ' Oh, I hope not,' said Sophie in dismay. ' I don't know what my father would do with out you.' ' I shall be very sorry to leave the Colonel,' said the Sergeant, still gravely ' but in the way_of duty, Miss Gerard, things often come uncommonly hard.' Sophie sighed involuntarily, and said that ' no doubt they did some times'; and then she shook hands with the young man and departed. The life atCrumpetts, Sophie found pleasant enough. The house was rambling, old- fashioned and handsome. The hot-houses and conservatories where show places for the country-side, and the gardens were already gay with the flowers of every possible kind of bud. Mr. Crump was exceedingly kind, if somewhat solemn and elderly in manner, and liis wife was all kindness and sweetness. Not very much was seen of Mr. Crump, for his parliamentary duties kept him in town all the week; but he always came home for Saturday and Sunday. At fifty years of age Mr. Crump had all the reputation of a , misogynist. -He was not really such, but only ..extremely shy and seusive ; still lie would . probably have' gon down to his grave with that reputation but for an occurrence which brought him perforce nto contact with femininejinfluence. Mr. Crump's nephew and heir presumplive, Arthur Crump, had been brought up in the expectation of succeeding to the family estates. After his uncle, indeed, he was the only rep resentative of that family— the most ancient in the country. Arthur had been educated at "Winchester and Oxford at his uncle's charges, who provided him -with a liberal allowance. The young man had an ardent desire to enter the army, and to this, also, his uncle consented, and Arthur had begun to 'cram' for the examination with a Colonel Hughes, who had a reputation in that line, when he fell helplessly in love with the Colonel's lovely daughter, Lettice. Now this was more than Mr. Crump had bargained for, and on his part the Colonel was equally unsympathetic. After all, the young man had nothing in the world but what he had from his uncle, and it was the height of folly for Lettice to encourage him. Lettice, indeed, protested that she never did encourage him ; that she liked his friend and Sophie's brother, Guy, a great deal better ; but that she was carried away by the young man's ardour and perseverance, and plighted her troth to him just for the sake of peace and quietness. When Mr. Crump came i> to town to dis cuss his nephew's entanglement with Colonel Hughes, nothing could have been prettier or more dutiful than her behaviour. Bather than incur her father's displeasure and ruin the prospects of her dear Arthur, she would re lease her lover and cancel their engagement with a general exchange of letters and tokens. Mr. Crump wa$ delighted with the young lady's behavior ; he was fascinated with her sweet face and charming manner. ' And when I found that he wanted me for himself,' asked Lady Primrose, piteously, ' what was I to do ?' Unhappily for himself, young Arthur did not take the same common-sense view of things. His uncle had every intention of dealing liberally with him ; but his own vio lent conduct, and especially the reproaches he showered upon liis uncle's intended bride, put an end to any kind of arrangement. His uncle cast him off completely, and forbids his name to be mentioned. The young man had his pride and his anger to begin the world upon, with a few debts, perhaps, and not a penny more from his uncle. And so he had departed into outer darkness. No one knew what bad become of him, but Mme. Lettice was still a little afraid of him. The fate of Arthur Cramp, however, would have been of small importance had Lady Primrose been blessed with children. But 4ie had been married now five years, and there were no children. And Mr. Cramp was terribly puzzled as to how to dispose of the ancestral estate. A handsome portion, in lands and money, had been settled on Lady Primrose absolutely. But the main part of the estate, which was free from entail or settlement — that estate of Crumpetts of which it should be noted that the local and correct pronunciation is Cranshets — had been held by a Crump since the days of the Heptarchy. Could a Cramp be disinherited ; and his fields, could they be held by. a stranger ? This was the burning question at Crump etts just then, but it did not appear on the surface. Outwardly, Lady Primrose was en- - grossed in politics ; she was at the head of the Primrose League in her district, and she was doing her best to make her husband's return a certainty' at the next contest. At the last election his majority, had been a narrow- one, and hence, when Mr. Cramp had been offered a minor but dignified office in the'Adnlinistration, he had been advised not to risk an election, and the possible loss of a seat. This was a great disappointment for Lady Primrose, who was nothing if not ambitious. But if she should make the seat secure; perhaps they, the official people, would , make her" "husband a Peer — lie would not accept a baronetcy — and then she would be Lady Primrose in good faith. Yet, with all these schemes working in her head, Lady Primrose had such an elasticity of temperament that she made a very agree able hostess. She gathered about her all the young men of the neighborhood ; there were dances, dinner parties, with occasional flying < visits to London with evenings at the theatre, and, on the memorable occasion when Mr. Crump was expected to address the House, a visit to the ladies' gallery of the IJouse of Commons. And the country drives were also delightful — among the heaths and commons, and through the quaint old country villages, and by-woods, and copses, and sunken lanes over arched with trees. One little glen had been cleared entirely of its underwood during the preceding autumn, and thus, on both sides, it was now a glowing mass of primroses picked out with knots of blue hyacinths and graceful wild-flowers. And her ladyship had begged a holiday for ' the girls at the village school, and had turned them all into the glen to gather primroses with which to decorate her rooms for a grand ball, which she was giving to all the neighbor hood. A cart-load of buns and great cans of milk were brought there for the children, and great was the enjoyment of all concerned. Colonel Gerard had ridden over from the camp and joined the party in the glen. He delighted in children, and soon made friends among the pretty, blue-eyed country lasses. But when they all returned to the house for luncheon, the Colonel proved to be dull and out of spirits. This was the anniversary of his son's death, ,and though he made no allusion to the circumstance, Sophie re membered it, and divined the cause of her father's melancholy. Lady Primrose was quite distressed when Sophie confided the matter to her. ' And I have chosen this day, above all others, for my ball ; liow heartless I must seem ?' Sophie thought that, on the contrary, dear Lady Primrose had too much heart. There was poor Guy, whom she had loved, although she had rejected him ; and there was young Crump for whom she really must have cared at one time ; and then she must certainly have some affection for the husband, who was so devoted to her. Eor the poor youth who had lost love and everything else that makes life desirable at one fell stroke, Sophie felt a wonderful compassion and tenderness. The Colonel would not stay for the primrose ball ; but lie was coming next day to carry his daughter off. Not back to the camp ; he bad done with that altogether after to-morrow. His term of service on the staff would soon expire, and he had obtained leave to the end of bis term. Hg was about to lose his right- hand man, Sergeant Arthur, and that was the last straw, and now lie would retire. He had indeeed, taken a little place eight or ten miles beyond Crumpetts, and, if Sophie thought it would do, he would buy it and hope to end his days there. Some disappointment was visible in Sophie's face as she heard this news. The life in camp had been a novelty, and bad pleased her; and why should her father place himself upon the shelf when he might easily obtain a re newal of bis appointment ? And surely Sergeant Arthur's services might be retained by using a little influence in the right quarter. But here was the strangest part of the affair. The Colonel had ascertained that Arthur had been recalled to his regiment at his own re quest, sacrificing extra pay and other ad vantages. ' "We got on so well together, too,' said the Colonel. 'Can you possibly, Sophie, have offended him by any of your girlish tricks ?' Now Sophie felt sure that whatever might be the Sergeant's feelings toward her, they were in no way unfriendly. And .then a glimpse of the truth was revealed to her,. Arthur might have found himself growing too fond of the Colonel's, daughter, and hon orably had determined to remove himself from temptation. Eor all the regrets she: might have felt Sophie enjoyed herself wonderfully well at the primrose ball. It was- a general gather ing, to which anybody, who -was not directly hostile to the primrose badge, was "invited and Sophie's instructions were to be. agree able to everybody, especially to the young men, whose suffrages were easier to win and retain than those of their elders. And Sophie found herself in great request, and yet distributed her dances fairly among the different social strata, and was in no wise behind Lady Primrose in general estima tion. It was nearly daylight when the last of the guests drove away and : Sophie did not make her appearance down-stairs. till nearly luncheon time. Lady Primrose had been about for hours, and looked as fresh as — it will not do to say a primrose, for that fades quickly enough, and all the decorations of the ball room were now faded and withered — but as fresh as the primrose's humble companion, the daisy. Mr. Crump, toi, was at home ; but sitting up late did not seem to agree with him, although he ought to have been accustomed to it from his Parliamentary experience ; but> anyhow, he looked haggard and worn. . Sophie had a busy afternoon in getting al her things packed, with the help of Ladyt Primrose's maid. At 5 o'clock, Colonel Gerard would call for his daughter in his dog cart and drive her to the new house, where dinner would be ready for them, Malec and Mrs. Bridget having gone to the house in advance. At the camp, Sergeant Arthur had also packed together his small belongings and was taking a last look at the place which had been made bright to him by so much kindness, and, latterly, by the light of a growing passion for the Colonel's daughter. He had just shaken hands with the old Colonel, and the last words had been spoken huskily enough on both sides. Arthur felt it as if he liad been parting with a father. The light in the - office had grown somewhat dim, for the weather had changed rather suddenly, and a thick sea-fog was driving rapi dly across the country and making everything dark and gloomy. Arthur stirred up the office fire with a shiver, and drew' his seat up to the shabby ordnance fender, feeling unaccount ably gloomy and depressed. The Colonel and his daughter would have a wretched drive all through that lonely, half-wild country. The Sergeant must have fallen into a doze over the fire, for he roused himself presently with a start, feeling that there was a cold blast blowing in upon him. He sprang to his feet ; a tall, gaunt figure confronted him, with gleaming eyes peering from a face fright fully pale. 'You are Guy Gerard!' shouted the Ser geant, mechanically putting himself in a posture of defence — ' or his gliost ! ' ' I am Guy, sure enough, and no ghost,' said the other, in a hollow voice, ' although not much better. But wlio are you ? Arthur Crump, as I live !' . ' Guy, old man ! and you really are alive !' cried Arthur, eagerly holding out his hand. But the other drew back. ' Can you offer me that hand fairly and honestly, Arthur ? Did you act the part of a true friend to me ?' 'Always, Guy,' said Arthur firmly. 'If you mean about your old sweetheart and mine — she need never come between us. You know, I suppose, that she married my Uncle John.' 'Is that so ?'. cried the revenant. 'I thought that she had married you. Give me your hand, old hoy.' It was a skinny, wasted hand that the speaker offered to his friend. ' But what is this, old man ?' he continued, passing his hand over the other's left arm, and feeling the Sergeant's stripes thereon. ' What ! did, you come to grief ?' ' Even so, Captain,' said Arthur, saluting gravely. 'But just for an hour in the twilight let us be old friends again, and sit down and tell me your adventures.' It appeared that Mr. Gerard had not been killed, although left for dead. He had been picked up by someifriendly Tajitcs, who were travelling through the passes with a trading caravan, and taken to Balkli, where he lived for some years as; one among the people who had rescued him. Here was a wonderful opportunity for studying the country and the manners and language of its inhabitants, and it was with reluctance that, when an oppor tunity offered, he left his friends and joined a trading party bound for the shores of the Caspian. Thence he made liis way to Con stantinople, and so home, without any further adventures. 'And I haven't come home as a pauper, either,' said Guy. ' I made money out there trading in notions. And, indeed, I don't think I should ever have come home at all, if it had not been for the thought of my old dad grieving for me.' ' But you sent no telegram or letter to your father,' said Arthur, reproachfully. ' I had a reason for that, too,' replied Guy. ' The truth was, I doubted if I should ever reach home alive, I felt so bad ; and I thought it would be cruel to give him the pang of losing me again. As it is, I doubt if I shall ever be good for much again. You have no idea what a gash the scoundrel gave me with his villainous krish. I seem to feel it now.' 'One of those fiendish Ghilzais, I sup pose.' 'No Ghilzai :at all,' cried Guy indignantly; ' but my own pet Pathan, the truest of the true, as I thought him. He had taken some fancied insult from me months before, and brooded over it ever after, and when we were among the hills, he brought some of his precious countrymen down upo us and wiped us out. But he reserved me for his own hand, and as I lay there dying, as he thought, he cursed me and all my lineage, and swore, upon the knife that was red with my blood, that he would offer us all up as a sacrifice to his precious god, or, as we should call him, devil. So much for the pious Malec.' Arthur stared at hia friend in blank horror and amazement. '"Why, that is the wretch who is your father's faithful and trusty attendant.' ' Where ishe ?' cried Guy wrathfully, feel ing for his revolver. 'Show me him and I will kill him !' ' Be quiet, Guy,' said Arthsr. ' You mustn't kill him. You are in a civilized country and would be hanged for murder. Let us keep cool, Guy, and try to think the matter out. Your father has gone — about two hours ago — to take possession of his new house. He calls on his way for your sister, who is staying at Crumpetts. Malec is there to receive them, with only old Bridget in the house. But can there be any danger — after so many years of faithful service ?' ' Years have nothing to do with it,' cried Guy. ' One of those fellows will nurse his revenge for half a life- time. Perhaps he has had no chance before to take both their lives. We must follow them, Arthur; minute's delay may mean death to them both. There was no need to urge the Sergeant to haste. The thought that poor Sophie was in danger, and the good old Colonel, nerved him to instant aotion. But he had to sit and think for a few minutes before he conld see his way. Horses there were plenty in the camp, but not at the disposal of any chance non-com. who chose to ask for them. As for Gny, his name was no longer on the army list, and probably in his strange dress and with his gaunt, wild appearance, he would be set down as a lunatic by any of his brother officers. But there was a friend of the Colonel's, an artillery officer, who kept a couple of stout hunters at stables in the town. The officer himself was on leave, bnt his man would let him have the horses if he had the Colonel's word for them. As for himself, if he went ont of camp in uniform, he would probably be stopped and asked for his pass, and to gat a pass would be an affair of honrs. Well, there was an overcoat of the Colonel's hanging up in the office, and a pot-hat that was almost past service, and putting. these on, Arthur took Guy by the arm and pushed rapidly for the town. The sentry they passed carried arms to them, thinking they were officers in plain clothes, and they reached town without exciting any observation. Happily there was no difficulty at the Btables. ' Sure, the Major's orders were that the Cornel might have the horses when he wanted,' said the Irish groom, ' and I'll be glad to have a bit of the freshness taken off them, for it's myself 's afraid to put a leg over them.' The horses were fresh enongh, ready to jump ont of their girths ; hut there was a long stretch of open heath before them, and when they had passed that, the animals were more in hand. As the horsemen approached Crumpett's, they saw the house, which stands on slightly rising ground, with many of its windows lighted up, and casting tremulous rays of light through the haze. ' And that is her house !' cried Gny, wav ing a hand in that direction. Evidently there was no other Bhe for him, notwithstanding all he had gone through. At the lodge-gate they stopped for a moment to make sure that the Colonel had gone on. The woman at the Lodge — an old servant — recognized Arthur at once. ' Why, 'tis the young Squire !' she cried. ' Be you a-coming back to us, sir ? Oh, I be just glad!' Cut short in her demonstrations, she was found to he thoroughly well-informed as to the Colonel and his movements. He had driven up to the house ; he had staid there for a good while, and then he had driven through the gate with the young miss, and what was more, the Squire himself, on horseback alongside of them, had gone to see them safe home. ' Thank God !' said Arthur. ' If the Squire is with them there is no great danger ; still, let as posh on.' They rode on at a pretty hard gallop over the turf. Arthur knew every inch of the way and where the best going was to be found. Taking as short cut across the common, they just missed seeing a man who was trudging along with a led horse. They had ridden about a mile further when they heard the sound of wheels and hoofs in front of them. ' All safe so far,' cried Gny, nodding cheerfully to his companion. A turn in the road brought them in sight of the vehicle and its occupants, who were driving along at a brisk trot. They had come to a cutting where the road passed be tween high sandy banks, each covered with a plantation of dark firs. Bnt the moon had now risen and was shining directly into this dark gully and making everything within it visible in a manner strange and weird. The horse in the shafts was trotting bravely along, although the road was somewhat heavy and the sound of its hoofs was muffled in the soft sand. Suddenly something dark darted out in front of the vehicle ; a man it seemed, who held out his arms with a strange cry. The horse reared and beat the air with its fore feet, and then the figure sprang forward like a panther, and a ripple of light darted for a moment ont of the gloom. That was all they saw ; hut next moment the horse dashed on as if without guidance. Galloping up, the horseman found first a dark, human form, Btretohed across the road, writhing and contorted, but not uttering word or moan. This was Malec, the Pathan, his naked, blood-stained knife still clenched in his hand. Guy leaped from his horse, and placed his foot upon the man, drawing his revolver at the same time. 'Ride on, Arthur, and see what has happened. I dare not ' But fifty yards further on lay another human figure, prone upon his face, with arms outstretched, and gray hair dabbled with blood. Ah, dead ! sure enongh, a gash like that was enough, and here was another streamlet of blood oozing away through the sand. ' Is it my father ?' cried Guy, in a deep, horse voice, ' and is he dead ?' ' I think it is he,' faltered Arthur, and then he heard a click from Guy's pistol, ' but not dead, I think.' He said this, feeling that his friend would execute justice on his father's murderer with his own hand. ' Guy, empty your revolver in tho air io bring help, and I will ride after your sister.' Guy fired several shots, but reserved two, Arthur noticed as he rode on. The dog- cart was not far to seek. A countryman in a smock frock had stopped the' horse and was standing at his head, gazing at the vehicle in a dazed and terrified manner. And Sophie — she lay there without motion, one arm hanging over the side of the vehicle, bnt there was no cruel gash in that beautiful white throat. Arthur took her in his arms and kissed her in the excitement and gratitude of the moment, and she stirred faintly, and sighed as he laid her tenderly on a soft bed of bracken. ' Gny, there is something left to live for ; there is your sister,' cried Arthur. 'And now, my good friend,' to the countryman, ' help me to raise the poor old Colonel.' ' Colonel ?' said the countryman as he raised the head of the prostrate;figure. ' This ain't no Colonel. This he Squire Crump as is murdered. And you be answerable for he, young gentleman ; I know you. You be the one to gain by his death. Oh, bow could you hnrt the dear old Squire ?' ' I hurt him ?' cried Arthur, sobbing, on his knees beside the' well-known form; 'I would have died to save him.' And then another voice sounded from out of the gloom. It was the Colonel's. 'Cramp! Sophie! what has happened? Are yon all safe ? And Malec here ! What are you doing, sir, to ray servant ?' 'Oh, father, don't you know me ?' said another voice. ' I am Guy.' It was in the midst of tribulation and distress that father and son met once more. Bnt old Squire Cramp ! Everybody mourned for him now, and recounted his good qualities. His wife was in despair. Never before had so cruel a fate come to so good a man. He had met his death, indeed, a fate intended for another, through his good nature. He must needs have his horse saddled and ride off with Colonel Gerard, to show him the way over the heath, where roads, or tracks, rather, are intricate, and sign-posts few. Half way to the new house the Colonel's mare picked up a nail or a fragment of flint — anyhow, pulled up dead lame. It was cruelty to drive the horse a step further. What was to be done ? Mr. Crump was in his element in a difficulty of this kind. Take the mare out, put the har- nes on his cob, quiet to ride and drive, there the difficulty was settled. Bnt the mare — they could not leave her by the road side ? No, one of them must lead the mare to the roadside inn, a mile or so further on, and that one must be the Colonel. There was no help for it, and so with much laughter and pleasant talk the Squire and Miss Gerard had driven on ; and to such a dread ful ending for one of them. There was no doubt bnt that Maleo in tended to kill them both ; hut the Squire was strong enough to hurl the man down under the horse's hoofs, though not before the deadly wounds had been inflicted, and thus Sophie's life was saved, and the gallows was robbed of its lawful prey. Eor Malec died in prison, the fever that supervened after his wounds from the horse's hoofs ; died, too, almost in despair; for he recognised now that all his dedicated victims had escaped, and he dreaded the anger of his gods. When Mr. Crump's will was read it was found that ho had dealt fairly by his nephew. Everything that did not strictly belong to the old estate went to the widow ; and these bequests made her sufficiently rich. But Crumpetts was to go to his nephew if he could be found, with provisions otherwise, with which we need not concern ourselves — for there was no difficulty in finding him. The Colonel knew where to find him, and Sophie, too ; for though he got into a little trouble for being absent from his regiment without leave, yet, when the facts were understood, his name was taken from the black-list, and he would have been recom mended for a commission had he chosen to remain in the service. But he preferred to retire with the rank of 'Sergeant,' and to take up 'his duties as Squire of Crumpetts. He married, too, and his bride was one Sophie Gerard. Guy, too, had his name restored to the Army List, but his health was hardly strong enough for active service. He lived with his father, and it was pleasant to see how joyous the Colonel was with his son's companion ship. "When Guy, however, was offered a colonial appointment his father urged him to accept it, and take his place in the world of aotion. But Guy went for further advice to a better quarter. He rode over to a fine Elizabethan mansion that looked a deal older than Crumpetts. It was the house that my Lady Primrose had built for herself, after her husband's death. The house had taken two years to build, so you may judge that her ladyship had undergone a due period of widowhood when she told Guy that he had better stay at home, and take care of her and of his gallant old father — yes, and write the big book of travels that the world expected from him. — Frederick Talbot, in All the Year Mound. 