Skating Carnivals. GRANVILLE CARNIVAL. Our Granville neighbours, determined not to be out of the question altogether in regard to fancy dress carnivals, gave one at the Rosehill pavilion on Friday, the 21st inst. The affair was not so great a success as people imagined it would be, but although only fairly attended, all seemed to enjoy themselves immensely, and in fact, so much so, that at the request of many present, Mr. Eaves, the manager, prolonged the affair until the small hours were reached, viz., 4 a.m. Skating was indulged in till 11, and then followed dancing and skating at intervals. There was a goodly supply of skates on hand, with their little conveniences, but plainly speaking, on the whole they were not of first-class quality. The variety of fancy dress was not very great, but the general run of those worn were most becoming and alto- gether uncommon. To describe them we are bound to commence with Miss Emma Jones who adopted the garb of Cinderella, and cer- tainly looked far the best in the room. Her sister came as "Mary, Mary, quite contrary." Next in turn came the Misses Higgs, the elder Miss Minnie, as a Cigarette Girl, and the younger Miss Mabel as a Flower Girl. The dress of a Tyrolese Peasant Girl was most be- coming on Miss Gapes, as also was the char- acter of Folly, adopted by Miss Munroe. Miss McManis as Comin thro the Rye, and Miss Watsford as a Flower Girl, both looked and skated gracefully. A trio of sisters from Newtown looked charming in their respective dresses of Summer, Flower Girl, and School Girl. A young lady from Gran- ville looked well as Night, and likewise did little Miss Dowling who brightly posed as a Flower girl. Miss Nichols was in great de- mand as Morning, and indeed left many mourn- ing when she retired early after twelve. Coming to the gentlemen we noticed Jim Sheather, who has a penchant for carnivals, and a bigger penchant for displaying curious costumes, but although very funny on former occasions, he posed better than he did on Friday as Old Bumble, the Parish Beadle. In fact many thought he was genuine, as for instance the way in which ho used his staff, led those present to imagine that he was paid to keep things in order. We have no space to describe his dress, but his staff consisted of a pot-stick, adorned with the brass knob of a bed post and a bunch of ribbons. A Soldier of the Legion was well represented by Mr. J. Allen, as also was Bunthorne by Mr. A. Lusk. Mr. Bayley, as a Middy, looked great, and skated great also. Mr. Eaves as a Pirate, proved a very taking one, especially with the ladies Young Martin Jones certainly looked well as a French Cook: and as Lacrosse players, Messrs. Pass and Beston could not be suited better. Mr. Lance, as an Engineer (if he did not look best certainly skated best) gave an explanation of his command over the rollers. Mr. Smith appeared in his original double character, as himself and his ghost. The re- maining costumes were : Levy, Naval Brig- adier ; Bins Bros., Firemen ; H. Rae, Frazer, Moss, and Jones, Footballers ; A. Tetley, Sailor; W. and F. Lusk, Neich, A. Metcalfe, and F. Camper, Cricketers. 