TOPICS OF THE WEEK. The Exhibition la not finished ret, and there axe Raps in the main building and central annexe which no one is hastening to occupy, bat nevertheless there is a great deal to be seen-more, in fact, than the most indefatigable visitor could do justice to in a week; and the commissioners deserve con gratulations oa the fine effect they have pro* ducea. It is a much bigger Exhibition, in every sense, than the one of 18S0L There are not as many individual courts, but the quantity of exhibits is much larger; and the improvement in quality is very striking, par ticularly in the Australian and New Zealand departments, which have grown out of that "raw produce" look they UBed towear in earlier days, ft is an Exhibition ofcolossal ideas. The-exhibitor is not content noxvadaya with putting a collection of water tinder a glass case. He builds - a pavilion; furnishes it like adrawhjgroom, and invites -visitors to enter and make themeelves'ht home. It is gratifying to observe what " finish " articles of colonial inake display. If the finger-posts were taken away it would, in many instances, be impossible for the beholder to say what court he wto in- whether the British, of the Victorian, pr the New Zealand-so excellent, for example, are the woollen goods Bhown by the laBt-mentioned country, and so attrac tively got op. the Victorian stands. The picture galleries-which are complete, or nearly «o'-HX>Tntaand mo$t attention at present Thgrefcte nt>t so many gems ia the British andrrenchcourtsnsin list), bbt the 'gener^' b^^r^ iagood.and otje or tworif tlii^\^r^'ii^feayh tollectton *itb; p#aw, "HerbtilteStrui vMtb*, whi«e ^diKfttii| tone by Sit JobnJ Out tbufe Md>toe«£ ol f|0*ll!V/0 m^ictodab i^-<<m»ctiw*htQir consists of paintings lent by various private citizens, m as attractive as any section in the fine arts department, and shows that we have some excellent connoisseurs living in our midst, with both the means and the taste t1) buy good works. They are all moderate sized pictures, indicating that the wall space in private mansions is too limited to admit of any prodigal display. If the conference of the judges was short, no doubt it was because there was little difference of opinion among them, though the subjects ranged from the,decisions of the Privy Council to the desirability of abolishing wigs. The press should have been admitted, especially when they were discussing wigs, which are the survival of an ancient but somewhat barbarous faBhion. In our hot summer season it is impossible for the judges to keep their heads cool and clear under j great heavy coverings of horsehair. The law coming from an overheated brain cannot be good. If the wigs were made so as to hold ice they might be beneficial, but the difficulty would be to drain off the water as the ice melted. And, on a hot wind day, a fan or Dunkah would be more agreeable and healthier than a freezing mixture. The judges have not made up their minds what to do, whether to abolish wigs altogether, or to make the wearing of them optional. The question is remitted to a committee of chief justices, who will spend the interval between the present conference and the next in cor responding about the various proposals that may suggest themselves. Wigs could be done without, we are certain, but the courts cling tenaciously to precedent and example. The particular objection the conference had to allowing appeals to the Privy Council iB not apparent trom the resolutions which were adopted, Appeals do not seem to be ?frery numerous, so they need not cause undue irritation, nor do many of them succeed ; but still there are instances in which the law of the colonial judges ha8 been corrected with advantage by the home judges, and the Australian community would never consent to this appeal being altogether abolished. The home judges take wider and more progressive views of the law than the colonial judges, who are apt to drop into and keep in grooves. A waft of fresh air from across the ocean does good. It is only in the interpretation of the minins laws, which have been created by special circumstances they do not understand, that the home judges are a little narrow. The conference, we gather, does not so much want to forbid litigants going to the Privy Council as propose to create a local appeal court wl.ich will save expense and time. Such a local appeal court is to be desired. Another request the conference makes is that the Privy Council judges who are in a minority on any occasion shall be allowed to give their reasons for thinking differently from the majority. This request is not made, Fou may be sure, merely in the interests of idle curiosity, or because the local judges can turn bad reasons as well as good reasons to account, but probably to help to the clearer understanding of Privy Council judg ments, which are rather hard reading at the best of times. There has been an official inquiry into the nnhappy accident at the saluting battery on the day of the Exhibition opening, when an artilleryman had his arm blown off, and it! has been conducted with much military strict- j nesa ; and the finding is so characteristic of military inquiries that it will have to be done all over again before the public are satisfied. The first rule observed was to exclude the press-an absurd role. It prevents people from knowing how the inquiry was conducted. The board in this case may be judged by its finding, which is inconsequential-the j firing was regulated properly, the members of the party were competent, the bore of the gun was in perfect order; and yet an accident happened ! How? "The cartridge must have been ignited by a piece of burning residue left from the first round.*' We knew as much before the inquiry was opened. The grave digger told no mo re when he said that Hamlet j went mad by losing his wits. How did a | piece of burning residue come to be left in the gnn ? The board does not venture to com mit itself to any. opinion on the question. All it says is that Mackenzie, whose dnty was to sponge out the gun before pntting in »fresh cartridge, was well acquainted with his dnties ; and the sergeant in charge ot the jun state? in his evidence that he told Mac kenzie to do the sponging, because Rea, the otherman, was careless. If terrible acci iente h.tDDen in spite of every precaution being taken to prevent them, ealntes will have to be discontinued, or some change .made in the mode of firing. But the plain fact, glossed over by the board, is that the guns at j Prince s-bridge are getting too old for service. ! " The bore of the gun is in perfect order but not a word is said in the finding about the vent, though there is plenty of reference to it in the evidence. Why was the board so anxious to report that the bore was in perfect order, and so discreet as to leave the worn condition of the vent unmentioned ? The reply, no doubt, iB that official boards in variably avoid making obnoxious remarks. It the guns ate unsafe, it is better to say nothing, and have them quietly changed, or to leave them unused. The insertion of a Jjne^in'fhereport to the effect that thej *eflt Vfl8 rathpr opeti, and that therefore a bit pf .burning cartridge was not unlikely to be if" No. 1 man " did not press hla tbpmbdpwn upon it with double tight. ^ tpto|ly Afferent xsom officer* cpm '"""" J «|ainst jiie itially passed aittlng tttem pi/primer, will f^nflependent ra^«iic(ddeii^ rDftbsGovemor which it is worth while to wade through the mud of the St. Kilda road to Bee, and that is the Exhibition orchestra under Mr. Cowen. For years we have been led to believe that a grand orchestra was impossible in Mel bourne. Musicians have been divided into sects, and cliques, and amateur societies, each conductor anxious not only to improve his own group, but also eager to outstrip that of bis rivals ; and hence they have shown a marvellous inaptitude for combining. But if there waB any doubt as to the musical ability of the city, it was due solely to the fact that the performers were scattered and held apart No sooner does a etrancer come than he at once brings about what had been supposed, under the regime of the local con ductors, to be a vain dream. Within the last few months Signor Hazon has been able to give a series of successful instrumental con certs in the Town-ball at which the music was of a high order ol merit and the approba tion of the public unqualified. Again, within two or three weeks of his landing upon our shores Mr. Cowen b'as brought the large orchestra of the Exhibition to a pitch of efficiency and harmony which strikes the most superficial listener and attracts the attention of men like Sir William Robinson, who have some right to be considered as authorities. The grand orchestra, worthy of the wealth and position and musical taste of Melbourne, iB most obviously an accom plished fact. But what is to be done when Mr. Cowen's term expires and he takeB his departure? Are the performers to separate like repellent atoms that have been held to gether temporarily by a strong force, and to return to the useless, inharmonious condi tion in which they formerly existed? Mr. Ormond's splendid gift, which is being frittered away on a University professorship, would have been of the greatest advantage. A University professorship of music-a clumsy invention utterly unknown to the greatestmusicalcountries-isat the best avery sorry scheme for promoting musical culture, but in a new country it is a glaring absurdity. Admitting that class-room lectures on the theory of-music may be of benefit in a country like England, where grand orchestras and great opera companies can be heard at almost any time, of what earthly good will tbey prove in thiB colony ? Music must be learnt by hearing the great examples, as painting is taught by seeing the great works. To teach music without practice is like learning to swim without water. The result of the blunder is that in a few months we shall be in a ridiculous plight We shall have a splendidly-trained orchestra without funds to hold it together, and a highly-paid pro fessor without even one instrument to illus trate his art There is a type of mind, developed prin cipally perhaps in the Presbyterian and Inde pendent churches, where each congregation is a little community that manages the most of its own affairs, which believes in petty states. Freedom, mobility, thoroughness in public affairs, and energy are all to be ob tained, according to this view, by a process of separating and breaking up. Of such a type Dr. Lang, of Sydney, to whose memory it is now proposed to raise a monument, was a prominent example. He was vigorous, impetuous, full of ideas regarding the future of Australia, and of Bchemes for bringing out to it a strong and virtuous population ; and be naturally stood out above the majority of his contemporaries. But he was a free lance, an Ishmael, a fighter, and many of his ideas, which were widely divergent from the feeling that is beginning to characterise the larger Australia, would be taken little notice of by the present generation. He was the moBt prominent separatist, the divorcer general of Australia. When the agitation began for the separation of Port Phillip Dr. Lang was one of the first who lent it his support, and one of the very few Sydney men who heartily approved of the movement The demand for the separate colony of Queensland again brought him forward as an advocate of dividing New South Wales still further. When it was proposed to split up Queensland, he was once more ready to give impartial assistance. Could be have con tinned his work, he would probably have pressed for a colony in the Riverina, and urged that South Australia and Western Aus tralia should be broken into fragments. It is needless to add that, with such a tempera ment, he advocated the separation of the colonies from the mother country. Separa tion, in fact, became a passion with him, and he was alike eager to assist in bringing it about, either in New South Wales or Queens land. This work was doubtless of value to Australia in the days when centrargovern ment was rendered impossible by the want of communication. It was better to form separate colonies than to endeavour to main tain a thoroughly inefficient administration. At the same time, Dr. Lang belongs to a past type, and his labours to bygone conditions. A. monument to him will be a fitting testi mony to an energetic man, active for what be thought best, and often for what was best; bat a larger and wider spirit must now characterise Australian development Captain Hayward, of the Mariposa, has outwitted the Maritime Council, and not only discharged hiB cargo {including the American exhibits for the Centehninl Exhibition) but obtained coal ior his ship enabling him to leave for San Francisco on toe contract date. There has been corresppndeiice between the partieB in the Sydney journals, the Maritime secretary having found it necessary "to answer attempts made to alienate from-the council the sympathy of the public in the dispute with the owners of the Mariposa."; Captain Hayward, lor bis part, is pleased at having .scored a victory, and taunts the; 'council with firing "a mine before'taking the precaution to'stand from under." But i the coup with the coalsdoes not settle the | inain-question; which is the right of a labour I onion in Sydney to say what race of tnen" ; shall «arn their living on the highveM. Ths only extends to the ttiree-mile limit. Have labour unions a larger jurisdiction? It is wrong, they say-an infringement of the rights of white labour-to permit Chinese to stoke furnaces on ships that carry Aus tralian mails. If that be so, let the New South Wales Government stipulate for the exclusion of Chinese when joining New Zealand in the next contract The owners of the Mariposa and Alameda made their calculations on the b&Bis; of em ploying Chinese firemen, and unless they are compensated for the extra expense that em ploying members of the Sydney union will put them to, it is most unfair to make them change their men now. Stoking on steam ships is understood to be the most disngree able, least healthy, and coarseBt work men can be put to at sea. Such are the effects it produces on all who engage in it, that sailors look down upon firemen, and will not associate with them. In tropical seas, which the San Francisco steamers traverse, stoking is not white men's work at all; it is low-grade work, and the fewer strong-framed Anglo Saxons employed in it the more satisfactory it ought to be to the labour unions. A mono poly of the Australian and New Zealand coasting trade should content the unions. There is already enough good material being wasted inan unsuitableand deteriorating occu pation. The masters of steamships trading in warm latitudes prefer the Chinese because they stand the heat better, are steadier in their habits, and more tractable. One of the effectB of unionism has been to kill all feel ing of sympathy between-employers and em ployed, and the -typical fireman looks upon the shipowner and captain as natural enemies, upon whom he has been "billeted " by circumstances, as soldiers are billeted upon | private citizens in a captured town. The logic of the labour unions is instruc tive. A strike that would cause immense public inconvenience is threatening, and the persons who pull the strings that make the figures dance are atraid that public sympathy may be given to the side in the wrong. If the shipping trade of the colonies is brought to a dead stop the public are requested to ob serve that it is the shipping companies who will be to blame, and not the men who pack up their clothes and step aGhore, leaving the ships empty. The Maritime Union has em ployed every resource to crush the Northern Company of New Zealand. It has gone the length of starting opposition boats, the Iobb on the running ofwhich has been made upout of monthly deductions from the pay of every sailor on the cioast under union rules. But while it is lawful and proper that a per centage of all wages earned between Cape York and Wilson's Promontory should go towards keeping up union boats, the union denies to the Shipowners' Association the right to set apart any moneys derived from profits between the same points to helping the company which the union is assailing. Id shorty all combinations of men are proper, but no combination of owners. The secre tary of the Maritime Union has encouraged some miners in the Newcastle district to strike by promising to call the whole of the seamen, firemen, cooks, and stewards out of the ships 011 the Australian coast-or 25,000 persons in all. That is lawfnl and proper because the pro posal comes from labour unions. No one aBks whether there is any direct connection between the work in which Bhip's cooks and stewards are employed and the demands of the Newcastle miners. It is enough that some working men are asking for higher pay. But what would be said if it were proposed that the shipowners, ironmasters, foundry men, hrickmakers, quarrj men, and building contractors were to threaten to "lock out" all their employ6s because some Newcastle miners were making an unreasonable re quest? Some day we may hear of Buch combinations. If the principle is good it will endure stretching until we have the community dividing itstlf into two hostile parties. There is an aggressive ness in the tone of the strike-makers which betokens great inward confidence in their powers and resources; yet ingenuity haa ever been the master of mere brute force, and the strike pay of the labour unions is but brute force while it lasts. Unless they have the logic of facts on their side the cause must break down, for tbe public would not endure beyond a few days the inconvenience of being able to go nowhere by sea. The coolness with which the miners of Newcastle and the Maritime Council of Syd ney talk of putting out the fires and lights of the chief cities of Australia by discontinuing the raising and transport of coal is evidence how utterly indifferent they are to everyone's interests but their own. Foundries are to stop working, tramcara are to cease running, gas-lamps are to go out in the public streets and private honses, -and a plague of darkness is to visit the land, bemuse the men employed intwoor three pits at Newcastle cannot obtain for the mere asking ft higher alio wance for hew ing the stony bandsthat cross thecoal seams. The difference of opinion is over a compara tively small matter, and confined to one or two kinds of coal seams, yet the whole of the Newcastle district'speaks of taking a holiday over it, and the Maritime Union (which is afraid to strike on its own account) intends striking out of sympathy. At Newcastle the selling rate of coal iB nominally Us. per ton, really less, as the universal practice is to allowdiBcouht*; and the miners receive 4s. 2d. a ton for hewing, which, some of them say iB too little, because the companies pay big divi dends and tjieir shares sell high. It cannot be said that the men do not live comfortably on their wages, because many of them ride to] their work- on horseback each morninfr, and every fortnight, after pay day, th'ey one -and all take a full holiday; which ihey devote to sport. hecontemplttedatrike may only be kn excuse for.,having a fprtnigbt's jollity" Strike pay will issue while the toif}ea, 0^id ^hipj^arc^ying idle,^&o; tha^th^" wflriwt Jejel State1 JiiiaP villi the Cente&nUlEx; hibition, and will come by rail. If they do come they will find the buildinga lighted by electricity. Tbey may experience a difficulty in getting to Garlton-gardena in the dark, but once tbey arrive there they will be in comfort The merits of the electric light will be brought oat into strong relief by the coal Btrike if the engines can be kept running. Another possible result of the crisis will be the development of the mines in Gippsland, which make spasmodic but un successful efforts to command the notice of capitalists. The likelihood of two such things happening does not enable us, how ever, to look forward with any degree of satisfaction to the prospective calamity. Some day we may have these disputes settled, like other disputes, by judges end juries, without interruption to industry and trade, and without loss and Buffering to thou sands of men and women who, in the way tbing9 are managed at present, have to con tentedly bear whatever pangs heedless and ob stinate disputants may arbitrarily bring upon them, If two men were to block the traffic in ; Collins-Btreet by having a quarrel on the foot path, the police would march both parties off to the watchhouse. When the traffic blocked is not that of a street merely, for a few j minutes, but of five or six .colonies, for weeks together, the community has to Wait until it Bball please the combatants to go before an umpire and have their case adjudicated upon. It must come to adjudication sooner or later. Why not have the adjudication at first? I A great " bobbery "-we believe that is the correct word-iB being kicked up in Tasmania because the Governor, the Chief Justice (who acts as administrator when the Governor is absent), and the Ministry (all but one) left the colony in company to attend the Centen nial Exhibition, making no provision for un foreseen circumstances that might. arise while they were on their holiday tour. The Governor is supposed to give the Executive Council notice in writing before departing over the boundary; but on this occasion he doeB not seem to nave done so, "because the Executive and everybody else knew he was going, and the Executive was going too. There is a "dormant commission," as it is called, authorising the Chief Justice to take the Governor's place when the Governor leaves Tasmania; but where this commis sion was sleeping no one could say, because the Chief Justice was also absent, and the troubled people who were rnnning about Hobart looking for a temporary queen bee had not, at latest advices, mustered nerve to search among Sir Francis Dobson's private papers for the document; and if they had found it, and it had been dis covered to contain a clause authorising some one to swear himself in as emer gency Governor, there would have been no good in his doing so, because only one Minister had been left in charge, and it takes more than one to form a quorum of the 1 Executive Council. A Governor without ad visers can do nothing but show hospitality, and we doubt if Mr. Justice Dodda would have gone in lor entertaining during a brief and temporary reign. It is lucky that nothing did happen requiring the attention of the Governor and hiB Ministers while they were representing Tasmania at the Centen nial Exhibition. They would have had to rush back by special steamer and hold a council the instant they touched land; or the urgent circumstances demanding their presence might have had to wait till Sir Henry and Lady Loch consented to let them go. Out Commissioner ot Customs, who ex hibited such ingenuity in dealing with the Chinese, would, we dare say, have discovered some means of making the Governor and the Premier stay until the festivities were over. Meanwhile, what would have become of Tas mania, and how wonld the Tasmanians have managed if we had persisted in keeping Sir Robert Hamilton and Mr. Fysh until October? Would they have cabled home for a new Governor, or would they, like schoolboys when the head master leaves the building, have gone in for a general frolic ? An interesting experiment in connection with the settlement of the working classes on the land has for some little time past been in progress in.South Australia. In 1884 a bill was introduced into the local Parliament providing for the creation of homestead I allotments in various parts of the colony. Through the efforts of Mr. G. W. Cotton, M.L.C., the measure passed the Council, but it was thrown oat by the Assembly. In the following year, however, it - became law; and on the 4th March, 1886,- the first batch of allotments ;was offered. According to the latest accounts there are 1,104 blocks - now held by small settlers, and the results are favourably reported on by the inspector of the Homesteads League, who has recently visited the blocks in the South-Eastern district He considers that the scheme basr already helped to settle the unemployed difficulty, or at any rate to point out the way it may be solved. The migration of industrious settlers to the other colonies has been checked, while business has been improved in the localities where the " blockers " have established them selves. In one place alone the improvements effected. ;on 835 acres of land occupied by "blockers" was estimated at£2,000. At the same time various suggestions are made with a view of increasing the benefits of the system. It is complained that, although there are now j 17,000 acres available for small-holdings, much of this land is not suitable for oc cupation,and it. is also alleged that the fall area allowed by the act, 20 acres, is not easily obtainable. The regulations with regard to fencing, impounding, and payment of rent aire also felt irksome by the occupiers, while' the method of offering the blocks by auction is strongly condemned. : In upite.bo^ever, of these drawbacks, which it will be the object theifiegue tottmoye, *he Bcheroe ta iegaxdedi As moat promising, and wifo.incteasihg or* gantaatton £he"" blockers," as.the Homestead fwefeeB.afe' cfiletf, siiein Uk«Jy 'to distinctive-{actor in the sofM life of the colony. At the recent district cooncil electibner they returned one of their body as a councillor, and the homestead inspector, during nfe tour in south-east, enrolled, 78 members, and fdrmei eight branches of the Ifeaeue. Some success has also been met' with in bringing the advantages of the sysitem under the notice of the residents and business men in the towns. Any movement that has for its object a,sound system for settling tha people on the land is.deserving pf support, and in a colony like South AustrMto, witha vast area and a compnratively small feopula tion, something of the kind is almost indis pensable.if the flow of population to the more go-ahead colpniea is to be checked. From this point of view the efforts of Mr. Cotton and his coadjutors will doubtless meet with every encouragement,"and the pro gress of the movement will be looked forward to with mttch interest. Mr. O'Donnell's action against The Timet. of which particulars are to hand by the Car thage, was in the nature of an Irish bull. He could not show he had been libelled The Times disavowed any wish to libel binl and he therefore claimed £5,000 damages, but abstained from going into the witness-box to explain bow he bad been damaged. And the jury having found lor. the defendant, Mr. O'Donnell Bays he iB perfectly satisfied "at having compelled The Times to say it made no allegation against him." Any person what ewr, not a Parnellite, might have brought a similar action, lost it, and claimed a' similat victory. Mr. O'Donnell seems tobedigowned in ageneral way by the ParnellUea. They would not have him in the League; and when he Btates that he took counsel with Mr. Paraell about bringing this action to vindicate the party, Mr. Parnell writes to the papers con tradicting him. There is only one respect in which Mr. O'Donnell can claim kindred with the Parnellites. Like them, when he suffers any Bpecial humiliation he calls it a great triumph. The judge stopped Tit* T'tnus from going into proois of its charges, because those charges were levelled, not at Mr. O'Donnell, but at Mr. Parnell and others who were not betore the Court Nor did The Times want to go into tbeoL Mr. O'Don nell was the person who called for proofs. Whether he was a eelf-chosen champion or a mere cat's-pnw is matter for idle speculation. The lew witnesses that were called on his behalf to prove that he was a politician-a fact that he could bare proved for himself were men who knew nothing about hint personally, and, therefore, could not make 'any damaging disclosures. The game evi dently was to make The Times show its hand-to draw it into the field, where the strength of its forces could be measured, and then to run away. And the attempt partially succeeded, as The Times produced letters in court, which, if genuine, would mglrfl it clear that Mr. Parnell and hie associates were in correspondence witli some of the men who murdered Lord Frederick Cavendish and Mr. Burke, ft is very important that the authenticity or otherwise of the letters should be put beyond! doubt, and the special commission appointed by Parliament will go into a complete and searching investigation next October. The peculiar fact about the letters attributed to Mr. Parnell-even the one dated from KiU mainham Gaol-is that the body oi them, in each case, is in one handwriting and the signature in another, as if the Irish leader either wrote with both right and left hand, or trusted rather dangerous secrets to a secre tary. Who could have been his amanuensis when he was in Kilmainham Gaol! On the other hand, if the letters are the forgeries Mr. Parnell declares them to be, the wonder is that the forger did not put more crimi nating matter in them. For although they are damaging, they are nbt so damaging as a person manufacturing evidence would have tried to make them, and the forger would not have raised doubts againBt himself by em | ploying two kinds of writing: Howevfer; we I muBt suspend our judgments until Octobet or November. " Will England retain India?" is the ratheic startling title of a very able, though one-sided," paper contributed to the Contemporary Review by Mr. Meredith Townsend. Most Englishmen, he says, think that India will remain under British rule for many centuries^ if not for ever, but he holds the belief " that i the Empire which came in a day "will dis appear ina night," and' he gives his reasons for so thinking. He dwells upon the slight' basis on which that marvellous structure the British Empire in India-rests, namely, some.. 1,500 men, who constitute the civil service, and an army of about 65,000 white men, No Englishman ever dreams of making' his home or foundinE a family in India. His' sole object (b to make* as much money as he can, or attain some distinction in a few years, and then hurry back to his own ooatotry.: "The Viccrpyrules for five years, and departs#' The counsellor advises for five years, and de-. parts. TW general commands for five, years, and d^arts. Tfce official serves; SO years, probably in 10 separate counties/ and ' departs. Of all that 3n ' Europe' comes of " continnousness, heredity,, ac cumulated personal experience, or the wisdom of old age, there |s not one jtracet nor c&n; there ever be." Is there sidy native public opinion that can eutaiii ar^ime, a go verning class, that has no- roots in the: country ? Mr. ToWnsend thinks there is nob; The great bulkof the people, the tillera* jd!' .9iP» . are an inerj; mass, andount fpe nothing; theyaje the, Stakes, jp .the1«ame^. the players, trad there Is r^o reason la,. sdppose t^t' even! theyktfpiove 1 ottf' system' of government, althOugVli confers * inestimablebenefitSuponthem. Itisonlythe' active classes wbofcave to be-consldered, iNoW yanqepent, aU those adventurous careers#*, Which in forms time* tile Void and entepr, Dnslng could ina tbeic vajr' « fluting principalities. All ate now reduced to auni form dead level beneath the inexorable opera tion of onr law,all that formerly made life in teresting to thesB classes is gone. Mn.Tofrn Bend adduces other instances to show that then&tives; have no love foe the British rale .-the mutiny of IB57, the tone- otthe< native press, the ' triumphal procession of Lord'Bipon when leaving Inffiai inertly becatue, iiaving supported the' Ilberfc Bifl,be was eappoeed to beohtheside of tne, native as against the European intruder. Taking all this Into acoount, and also the change which he believes to be passing over (fteEngllsh character, which among other things is lead ing the English, to give way to the clamour that the natives shall be admitted in: large numbers into the service, civil and military, he foresees that on the first calamity, the first serious defeat to the English arms, there will be a general uprising, which will sweep us and every trace of our rule from the country. India will then fly to pieces. "The ancient hostilities of race and creed and history, none of which have we had time, to extin guish, will revive at once J and life will again be made interesting, as of old, by incessant wars, .invasions, and struggles lot personal ascendancy. The railways, the only things wq have built, will be torn aft the uni versities will be scouted by military raters, the population will begin to decline, and; in short, for one word expresses H al); India wijl once more be Asiatic. Within five years after onr departure we shall xecognise fully that the1 greatest experiment ever made by Europe in Asia was but an experiment after all. ; that the ineffaceable distinctions of race were all against it from the first; and that the idea of the European of tranquilly.gutding, controlling, and perfecting the Asiatic until tbe worst quality of hiB organisation had gone out ot him, though tbe noblest dream ever dreamed by man, was but a dream after alii" Tbii is all very eloquent; but how seldom prophecies are realised. Some little thing happens, and the stream of events rtans the other way. Generalregret has been caused in literary circles at home by the untimely death through an overdose of chloroform of lie. Edmund Guraey. Although only a little over 40 years old, Mr. Gumey had gained a reputation in more than one department ot intellectual effort' To the majority he is probably best known as tbe principal founder and secretary of the Society for Psychical Research, the object of which is to investigate cases of ap paritions, ghosts, haunted houses, second sight, clairvoyance, and other so-called supernatural phenomena, with a, view of placing this class of subjects on a scientific basis. Mr. Gurney was the joint author of a volume, recently published, called Phantasms of the Living, in which a large number of stories,of, this kind were oollectsd, but it cannot be said that any serious impression been inade nppn the public mind either by this book toby the Society for Psychical Re search, the old difficulty, insufficient evidence, rendering it impossible for persons of scien tifically-constituted minas to accept the bulk of thestories. But, admitting this, the efforts of Me. Gurney and his coadjutors to investi gate and place in a satisfactory position this curious class of phenomena are deserving of respect, although in some quarters they have been treated with a good deal of ridicule. Mr. Gurney's name, however, is far more likely to be remembered in the future in con nection with his first work, The Power of Sound, a bulky volume ot between 600 and 600 pages, published about eight years ago. Tiiis is probably the most complete and satis factory treatise that has yet appeared on the philosophy of music, and on tbe various problems underlying that and the other fine arts. Equally free from the un intelligible rhapsodies which so frequently pass foe musical criticism and from the mere technicalities of the art, it en deavours, and with considerable success, to explain many facts in connexion with music and its history which had hitherto been regarded as insoluble enigmas. Without being a servile adherent of Darwin and Spencer, with whose doctrines on points of detail he frequently differs, Mr. Gurney accepts the theory of evolution as a wbole, and turns it to good account in explaining some of the most remarkable facts of musical development To state the matter as briefly as possible, Mr. Gurney (herein differing from Herbert Spencer) considers music to have had an independent origin, quite apart from thatot speech, one dating back to ttoe very earliest days of the human race, and that ite ? subsequent development has .been equally! independent of thatof the other fine arts and ; literature and of the general condition of the | public mind. From thiB point of view he die-; cusses and disposes of a popular notion that! these is some mysterious connection between j the complexity of modem thought and litem*1 ture and the recent great development oi orchestral music. It is, ,of course im possible in a short space to do any thing like justice to Mr. Gurney's theories, which are expounded at great length and with a profusion of musical illustrations. His book should be studied, and carefully, by everybody who is interested in that one of the fine arts which is the most-widely appre ciated, and has attained its highest develop ment in our own time. 