The Brisbane Courier. MONDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1888. While on their official tour in the Wide Bay and Burnett districts the Ministers for Lands and Railways had ample oppor- tunity, not merely to inquire into the wants of the localities they have visited, but also to see for themselves the progress that has been made in the sugar and other agricultural industries for which the Mary and Burnett Rivers are celebrated. We say "progress," even when referring to the cul- tivation of the cane and the manufacture of sugar, but not quite without a suspicion that some of our readers will mentally protest against the term, for the sugar industry generally has taken a back- ward turn lately rather than an advance. Some of the plantation owners, we are told, have no expectation of getting a crop next season, and have practi- cally abandoned cultivation for the present ; others have become involved in financial difficulties, the end of which must almost certainly be ruin ; some have been ruined already. We have no intention in referring to this subject to raise the labour question, for that has comparatively little to do with the point of view from which we wish to regard it now, and the introduction of the labour question almost certainly brings in politics and the prejudices which are more or less associated with them. At present there seems to be labour enough for the planta- tions on the Burnett—too much, if it is true that some of them are being closed. In the Courier lately were published the letters of two correspondents whose opinions widely differed as to the causes of the depression of this most valuable industry. Probably both regarded the matter from an extreme point of view, and each of them no doubt was right to a certain extent. One correspondent insisted that the plantations in the Mackay district were extravagantly worked ; that those who had charge of them were not familiar with the first principles of agriculture, and that the machinery provided in that district for sugar crushing and manufacture was equal to three times the work it was required to do. Without doubt there is some truth in these contentions ; but one of the moat serious difficulties has arisen from the limited means of the venturesome speculator who thinks he can make a fortune out of borrowed money. The capitalist lends his money at what be considers a fair rate of interest according to the security offered, The borrower too often accepts a loan because he can get it, and trusts to his good luck to pull him through. But if he has, say, £10,000, and borrows £20,000 additional, it does not by any means follow that the profits of his estate after all expenses have been met will amount to as much as he expects. Often, indeed, he is in a worse position at the end than at the beginning of the year. But this is not a fair way to treat the question. If a man tried to grow maize or any other product on the same lines, he too would fail when he had to face a bad season or two, or a serious fall in the price of maize. The men who have lost their money are commonly those who had to pay the interest on large advances from other people before they could count any profits of their own ; others have suffered from mis- management ; others again have been the victims of both evils. But on the Burnett there are some who manage to carry on, and who seem to have made up their minds that they are not going to be ruined. The big refinery at Millaquin has never yet been closed because there was not enough cane to be dealt with. It has been all the other way, and numbers of planters have had to hold over their cane because they could not take it at Millaquin. So much has this been the case, that certain planters arrived at the conclusion that they must have a sugar factory of their own, as well as a crushing plant. One of these is Mr. Augustus Barton of the Mon Repos plantation. Like many others, he for a time depended upon the Millaquin establishment to relieve him of the juice from all the cane he could put through the rollers during the season ; like others, too, he found himself with a quantity of stand-over cane, and being a man of means, he determined some time ago to have a plant of his own. Now Mr. Barton is not a reckless man ; for many years— since Queensland waa separated from the mother-colony, we believe—he has been in- terested in the Burnett district as a pas- toralist, and some years ago he invested part of his capital in a plantation. In both lines of business he has made money, aud, shrewd man of business as he is, he would not be likely to risk his savings in extensive sugar machinery unless he thought he could see his way to make it pay, for he could easily obtain a fair rate of interest on his capital if he invested it in city pro- perty, where it would be absolutely safe. Mr. Barton's mill was one of those which Messrs. Black and Nelson visited, and, according to our correspondent, it contains in itself the whole appliances necessary to extract the juice from the cane and convert it into sugar. In the face of all the diffi- culties with which the sugar industry was encumbered, and in the face of very low values, the order must have been given for the new plant—an evi- dence surely that the enterprising owner thought he could see his way to a successful issue. Probably the richness of his land had something to do with his faith, for the re- turns of sugar per acre in the Bundaberg district are very much higher than those in the Mackay district. But another secret of present faith and future success undoubtedly lies in the possession of capital of his own to carry out his schemes. "The big men— those who have plenty capital"—said a Burnett planter the other day, "are right enough ; they will pull through. It is the small men, who have not much capital of their own and have to pay highly for what they borrow, that will come to grief." It was a homely way to put the matter, but those few words expose to a very large extent the causes of failure in so many in- stances. For a time the prospects of the sugar industry were exceptionally promising. Very high prices were given for plantations ; very expensive and sometimes inefficient machinery was introduced. Then came the fall in the price of sugar, but there was no fall in the demands of the capitalists who had advanced money to the planters. Interest—often on capital that had been already lost—and expenses were more than the planters could withstand. We need not go further. Those who invest their money in plantations must look at their prospects from a commonplace standpoint. The splendid dream of a quickly acquired fortune and of a life of comfort and luxury while it is being built up, must be put aside, and sugar-growing must be regarded in jurt the same light as any other venture. A fair proportion of capital is as indispensable as it is in buying a large sheep station ; without it either a plantation or a station, except under abnormally favourable conditions, falls into other hands. We have a strong hope that the bitter experiences of the past will teach planters, as squatters have often been taught, that investments must be managed on practical and strictly economical principles, and that those who will follow the safe course adopted by Mr. Barton, of Mon Repos, will make sugar-growing a success in spite of every difficulty. There would appear to have been con- siderable foundation for the surmise of Sir James Fergusson, Under Secretary for Foreign Affairs, that the letters sent by Osman Digna to General Grenfell at Suakin regarding the capture of Emin Pasha and Stanley were fictitious. The whole thing, it is alleged, was a clever Oriental ruse, for it was impossible to travel from Lado, where the cap- ture was said to have been made, to Khartoum between the time of the capture and its announcement to the British commander. A cablegram pub- lished this morning states that the West African Telegraph Company had received reliable news from Santhorne that Stanley had arrived with Emin on the Aruwhimi River. This river is one of the largest of the tributaries of the Congo, and about the spot where the two travellers are alleged to have reappeared, Stanley established a reserve camp under Major Barttelot previous to his departure for the Upper Soudan. It is but natural that Stanley would make for his reserve camp if he really escaped the Mahdi, and sought to return to the confines of civilisation with the rescued Emin. Of course he would be unaware of the revolt of the black followers of Major Barttelot, and the murder of that officer. If there be any truth in the latest story as to the where- abouts of Stanley, it is certain to be confirmed within the next week or two, since there are posts of the Congo Free State right up that great river to its junction with the Aruwhimi. A later cablegram puts a new gloss on the meagre information previously to hand. A messenger from Tippoo Tibbs, an Arab chief who had had dealings with the Congo Free State, and who accompanied the Stanley expedition, has arrived at Zanzibar, and he reports that "Stanley was at Bon- gala, on the Aruwhimi, on 17th August, having left Emin Pasha on 27th May, in perfect health, and with plenty of food," It is also stated that "Stanley, with the rear guard and baggage, intended to rejoin Emin Pasha at the end of August." Now there is something inconsistent in this news and the last direct messages from Stanley himself. True, Emin Pasha's latest letter received in Europe expressed the hope that Stanley would reach him in November of last year. But only eight months ago, that is in April, there was a message from Stanley that he had become involved in the marshy country of the Upper Aruwhimi, that he had had several engagements with hostile tribes, and that he himself had been wounded by an arrow. How, then, could he have made such an unusually rapid advance from the meshes of the Upper Aruwhimi to Wadelai ? Again : Why should he have left Emin Pasha, whom he had gone to rescue, and returned to his base on the Aruwhimi, and why should he have made a second start in order to rejoin Emin ? It is just possible, however, that there may be a modicum of truth in all the messages. That of the West African Telegraph Company as to Stanley being on the Aru- whimi River, may be a confirmation of Tippoo Tibbs'a announcement, and if Stanley, for some unexplained reason, attempted to re- turn to Emin, who must have declined with heroic self- sacrifice to leave Wadelai, he with the Pasha may have been captured by the Mahdi after all. Conjec- ture, however, is vain, and we must await with patience further information before the fate of the intrepid traveller and Gordon's lieutenant can be absolutely determined. Meanwhile, the victory of General Gren- fell over the Mahdists at Suakin has not improved the chances of the safe delivery of Stanley and Emin, sup- posing they have fallen into the hands of the Mahdi and his followers. The Suakin expedition seems very much what Lord Randolph Churchill described it—a stupid policy of aimless enterprise. It has only resulted in swelling the terrible loss of life sacrified in the vain attempt to bring peace to the unhappy Soudan. Compamsons are not only odious ; they are very often excessively instructive. About the period when our Northern Brisbane was all agog over a peculiar institution cele- brated as an aquatic carnival, which events showed to partake most largely of the nature of a big betting gamble (and unkind critics have used a harsher term), eight teams of lads in different parts of Australasia indulged in what may, perhaps, be termed a shooting carnival. To a "sportsman" of the tribe of the Searles and Matter- sons such an event was of the very smallest importance, and the generally insignificant, not to say ridiculous, character of it would doubtless have reached its climax, to the per- spicacious minds of the illustrious duo of the last heat, in the fact that eight teams of pre- sumably sane persons could be got together in Queensland, New Zealand, South Australia, and the intervening colonies, to compete for the mere imbecile honour and glory of the thing. Not one of them was a penny the richer for it. Not one of them had made what is termed a "book" out of their reputed "form," and swindled the public by going back on it, or by work- ing up a combination with one or two of their fellow-competitors, or by "pooling" results with the more formidable of their rivals. Nay, when these bands of juvenile "softies" faced the butts, they were not even aware of the fact that there was a prize to be won at all, Colonel Sargood's decision to present the winning team with a trophy not being declared till afterwards. And what makes it all so quite too appal- lingly stupid to the "sportsmanlike" point of view, is that the performances of these disgusting young amateurs were such as to raise the event above the possi- bility of denying to it a genuine interest as a specimen of what can be done with physical training and skill. The scores of the eight schools that competed run as follows :—Brisbane Grammar School, 482 ; Geelong, 421 ; Sydney, 418 ; Otago High School, 413 ; Melbourne Scotch College, 397 ; Adelaide Collegiate School, 385 ; Geelong College, 344 ; Hamilton College, 337\. The remarkable brilliancy of the scoring on the part of our Brisbane Grammar School lads might be missed by those unaware of the conditions of the shooting. Not a single miss was made by any of the five, and four out of five of the boys made no worse hit than a centre, the only higher hit, of course, being a bull's-eye. The scores of both Lance-corporal Bray and Private Wassell give sixteen bull's-eyes and five centres out of twenty-one shots—100 marka out of a possible 100—and Sergeant Gregory is only one bull's-eye behind, and Lieutenant Ferguson only one bull's-eye behind him. The four most striking scores at single distances are Lance-Corporal Bray's and Sergeant Gregory's at 500 yards, Private Wassell's at 200 yards, and Lieu- tenant Ferguson's at 400 yards—all making six bull's-eyes and one centre out of seven shots. It is not surprising, in the face of shooting like this, that something like en- thusiasm should have been aroused in Mel- bourne. "I heartily congratulate your team," telegraphed Colonel Sargood to Mr. Roe, the head master, "on its splendid score." Everyone here must join in congratula- tions as hearty, and for final comment on the matter—as regards our Grammar School lads, that is—we cannot do better than quote what the head master had to say about it in his speech at the breaking up. "The school," he said, "is much indebted to its representatives, who secured this proficiency only by constant practice and self-denial, and to Lieutenant Gross for his patient and systematic superintendence of their work. I hope that these victories will induce more to join our cadet corps, which has never numbered more than sixty. There has been, and still seems to be, a foolish feeling that only the smaller boys ought to be cadets, and that as soon as a boy gets higher up in the school it behoves him to show his manliness by retiring from the corps ; whereas it is really the boys of the upper school who ought to fill its ranks, for it is they who can handle their rifles efficiently, and who can best understand and profit by the drill. A new uniform is to be introduced next year, of the same type as that worn by the Mounted Infantry ; the whole cost will not exceed 30s., one-half of which will be covered by the Government grant. No one need, therefore, be deterred from joining by the fear of expense, and I hope to see a large accession to the numbers of the company at the opening of the new year." The importance of cadet corps as a training for our youth cannot be over- estimated, and it is the bright particular star of a success like that of our Grammar School team won so much "by constant practice and self-denial," that should encourage the fine and noble idea of physical culture as an object which brings its own exceeding great reward in health and honest manliness. In order to give the employés of this journal the usual day's holiday at Christmas time, there will be no issue of the Courier on Wed- nesday, Boxing Day. The Observer will be published on Wednesday afternoon, but not on Christmas Day. A "Government Gazette" extraordinary, dated the 22nd instant, contains a proclamation further proroguing Parliament till Tuesday, 12th February, 1889. The fortnightly meeting of the Enoggera Pro- gress Association was held on Friday night, Mr. E. M. Lilley being in the chair. Letters were read from the Postmaster-General intimating that he would receive a deputation on postal matters after the holidays, and from the Ithaca Shire Council asking that five members of the association be appointed to meet an equal number from the council to confer on the subject of the manure depôt. Five members were accordingly appointed to meet the members of the shire and also to take whatever steps that might be necessary to obtain an injunction from the Supreme Court. Atten- tion was called to the unequal distribu- tion made by the Ithaca shire of the loan recently obtained from the Government, and there was a stroug expression of opinion that the Kelvin Grove-road should have had an equal share with the Red Hill road. Coun- cillor White's action in endeavouring to pass a motion to prevent Chinamen from keeping pigs in the shire was commended. The insufficiency of police protection in the district was again brought under notice, and it was decided to interview the Colonial Secretary at an early date on the subject. The matter of the renewal of slaughtering licenses was also dis- cussed, and the following motion was agreed to :—"That in the opinion of this association the Divisional Board of Enoggera should take steps to obtain an injunction from the Supreme Court to prevent Messrs. Sparkes and M'Kinnon carrying on slaughtering business in their present premises." Several other matters were dealt with, and the meeting adjourned. At the ordinary monthly meeting of the Toombul Divisional Board, held on Saturday afternoon, the chairman, Mr. W. Widdop, was moved out of the chair in order that the question of granting him an honorarium for his services during the past year might he con- sidered, Mr. Buckland then moved that the chairman be granted the sum of £75. He thought it was the proper thing for the board to vote Mr. Widdop an honorarium, as he had been put to some expense and considerable loss of time in carrying out his duties. The motion was seconded by Mr. Wagner, and carried unanimously. The chairman was then called in, and informed of the resolution. In reply he thanked the board for their vote. The steamer Eurimbla, which recently ran upon some rocks in Sea Reach, near Bunda- berg, while on her way from Brisbane to Rock- hampton, arrived here on Friday evening and was warped into the graving dock at 10 o'clock. The dock was pumped dry by 10 a.m. on Satur- day, when a survey of the vessel was made by Captain George Wallace, of Wallace, Brown, and Welsby, who is acting on behalf of Captain W. B. Brown, Lloyd's surveyor. It was fouud that the damage is very much more serious than was supposed. Twenty- seven feet from the stem, on the starboard side, the landings of the garboard streak and plate above have all been "set up" between the frames for a distance of 24ft., while in the centre is a jagged hole about 4in. in diameter caused by the plate having been driven up- wards. Farther along on the same landing and immediately under the engine-room, the plates are "wavy"—that is, slightly indented in numerous places between the frames, but they have not been so badly damaged as to necessitate their removal. Alto- gether four plates will have to be taken out, and probably some damage may yet be found in the frames and floors which cannot be seen at present. The work of repairing has already been began by Messrs. Evans, Ander- son, and Phelan, and it is expected that it will be completed by the end of this week. The Glanworth leaves for Rockhampton, via ports, this afternoon, in place of the Eurimbla, and the Katoomba will be despatched for Sydney instead of the Glanworth, her draught being too great to allow of her going into the Northern ports. On Friday afternoon the president of the the Traffic Board held an inquiry into charges preferred against Patrick O'Connor for breaches in the traffic regulations. It appears thut O'Connor was hired by Mr. T. J. Briggs and his two daughters to go from the railway station to Red Hill, for which they agreed that the fare should be 2s., but when they arrived at the foot of the hill the cabman demanded more money, which was refused ; he then seized part of the luggage ; whereupon Mr. Briggs remonstrated with him. O'Connor then caught Mr. Briggs by the collar, but a crowd of people appearing he let him go. O'Connor's license has been suspended till the end of the year, and it is doubtful whether it will be renewed. At the Mines Office yesterday one person took out twenty mining licenses. For what purpose they are to be used has not been made public, but it is believed they are for men employed by a Sydney syndicate. The Hon. W. H. Groom, M.L.A., dis- tributed the prizes to the children at the State school, Toowoomba East, on Saturday. Mrs. Groom gave a valuable and handsome workbox to the girl who exhibited the best specimen garment. This was won by Avery Passmore, class 4. A prize, consisting of a writing-case, was also presented by the same lady for the pupil most proficient in domestic economy, and it was taken by Beatrice Graves, class 6. Mr. Groom presented two large books, valued at £1 1s., to the boy and the girl who had made the greatest progress during the past year. These prizes were awarded to John Walker and Kate Wishart. In all 208 books were given to those children who had conducted themselves well during the year, or who had attended over 80 per cent of the occasions when school had been opened. A sad accident occurred in Stanley-street on Saturday afternoon through which a child named Anna Norup, aged three months, lost her life. It appears that Mrs. Norup with her family was coming out of the Woolloongabba station on the top of a loaded furniture van, Mrs. Norup holding the child in her arms, and when the van was crossing the footbridge one of the wheels went into the gutter and the shock caused the child to be thrown off on to the road and the wheel passed over its head. Constable Keane, who saw the accident, picked the child up and took it to Dr. Joseph, who, on examination, found that the skull was frac- tured and that death must have been instan- taneous. The mother was only saved from falling off the van by her husband catching hold of her. A disturbance occurred in a brothel in Mar- garet-street last night, between two women named Annie L'Estrange and May Anderson, during which the former was cut about the head and neck. Constable Drummond who was called in took her to the hospital, where her wounds were dressed ; afterwards she was allowed to go home. Anderson was arrested and taken to the watchhouse. During the past weak the president of the Traffic Board has held an inspection of cabs and omnibuses. Only a few 'busses turned up for inspection, and the president intends to bring the owners of the vehicles not present to book for their neglect in not appearing when called upon. The following names of magistrates appear on the roster for attendance at the City Police Court for the week commencing the 24th instant :—B. L. Barnett, A. Bogle, P. M. Campbell, Jno. Edwards, C. M. Foster, W. Kellett, J. Kemp, P. Mallon, R. G. Petty, F. Shaw, H. P. L. Cardew, A. J. Carter, T. Lonneberg, John Luckman, and J. J. Kings- bury. A collision took placent Petrie's Bight on Saturday night between two cabs, one driven hy M. Martin and the other by H. Fordyce. The vehicles were proceeding in opposite directions, and Martin states that he was trying to get out of the way of a tramcar, and could not avoid the collision. Beyond some slight breakages in Martin's cab no serious damage was sustained. The retiring members of the Toombul Divi- sional Board for this year are Messrs. J. F. Buckland, Dr. Bancroft, and A. Wagner. At Saturday's meeting Mr. Buckland stated that he would not come forward at the next election, as he had been a member of the board since 1880\. Mr. Wagner said he did intend not to contest the next election, though he might offer himself as a candidate for election at some future date. On the motion of Mr. Buckland, seconded by Mr. Petrie, it was resolved that printed notices should be placed throughout the division, showing the schedule of wharfage rates chargeable by the board on all goods landed or loaded on any part of the river or creek frontages under the control of the board. Among the passengers from London per P. and O. steamer Massilia, which arrived in Sydney on the 19th instant, were Mr. A. A. MacDiarmid and family, who for the past eight months have been on a holiday in England and tho Continent. Mr. Mac Diarmid's party transhipped into the Barrabool on Friday, and arrived in Brisbane yesterday afternoon. A number of Mr. Mac Diarmid's friends, repre- senting the insurance, commercial, and banking institutions, took the opportunity of wishing him a "welcome home," and for that purpose engaged the steamer Mabel, which met the Barrabool in Moreton Bay about 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon. Mr. Mac Diarmid came up the river in the Mabel, where his health and that of his family was drunk in champagne bumpers with the utmost enthusiasm. It may be mentioned that Mr. and Mrs. Mac Diarmid return from their prolonged tour in the very best of health. Regarding the case of Harry Hollander, who failed to get bail on Friday on an adjourned charge of cruelty to animals, we learn that Hollander's case had been fixed for a week pre- viously, but that the defendant could not then be found. The witnesses were in attendance, but the fact that the whereabouts of the defendant was not then known led to the non-attendance of the wit- nesses when the case was next called on. When the summons was served on Hol- lander he is said to have torn it up, and this circumstance, combined with the fact that he had first eluded service, no doubt influenced the bench in holding Hollander to bail in a small amount. A telegram received by Mr. Bichard, the local secretary of the Queensland Commis- sioners, from Melbourne, states that Mr. J. H. Hooper, of Ipswich, has been awarded a second order of merit at the Centennial Exhi- bition for liqueurs. During the week ending 22nd instant, 258 saloon and 176 steerage passengers arrived in Brisbane per steamers from the Southern colonies, and 309 saloon and 344 steerage pas- sengers left for the South. The Y.M.C.A. Evangelistic Workers held Bethel service yesterday morning on board the barque Kingdom of Sweden. There was a fairly large attendance—the officers and crew of the vessel, visitors from other ships, and a few from the shore. An instructive address was delivered on the subject of "A merry Christmas, and how a Christian can insure one," and it was listened to with marked attention by those present. These services are cheerful and unceremonious, and the seamen are beginning to appreciate the efforts made by the Y.M.C.A. on their behalf. Notwithstanding the great heat of the last few days, the bowling-green was well patronised on Saturday afternoon. Messrs. Hall, Stark, A. Reid, and Carey defeated, by 8 points, Messrs. Jeans, M'Gregor, Moffatt, and Lindsay. Mr. Bartholomew beat Mr. Cochrane by 7 points ; and in the third tie for the president's bowls, Messrs. R. Fraser and Kaye defeated Messrs. P. M'Lean and M. Miller by 11 points. The fourth tie between Messrs. Kaye and Fraser will be played at a future date, and as the handsome bowls pre- sented by Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith depend on this tie a very keen game is expected. The programme presented at the popular concert held on Saturday evening in the Courier Hall attracted a numerous audience. It was excellently diversified, yet of very even merit, and every number was well received. The performers were Mrs. Howitt, the Misses Freeman and Russell, Messrs. Dicker, Sturgess, Deazley, and Laurence. The Christmas number of the "Mirror," pub- lished in Sydney, contains, among other reading matter, a series of ghost stories, " A Gift from Allah," by D. Christie Murray, Christmas carols, and information interesting to the chil- dren regarding the formation of an Australasian Dicky Bird Society. Lionel and First Water were inadvertently omitted from the Trial Plate and Goodwood Handicap entries published on Saturday. The entries of My Dream and Colima were made after the appointed hour, and were not accepted. The privileges of the Queensland Turf Club Summer Meeting, to be held 29th December and 1st January next, were sold by auction by Messrs. A. B. Bell and Co., at noon, on Saturday. The main gates were passed in, as the bidding did not reach the reserve price. Nos. 1 and 2 publicans' booths were purchased by C. Daniells at £53 each ; old grand stand, Mr. Kelly, £10 15s. ; Nos. 1 and 2 temperance booths, Mrs. Sexton, £13 10s. and £10 10s. espectively, and the oyster stall, Mrs. Sexton, £1 15s. A post-mortem examination of the body of a girl named Rose, who died in a Red Hill omnibus on Friday morning, was made in the afternoon by Dr. Hardie, who certified that death was caused by inflammation of the lungs. The result of the post-mortem examination made by Dr. Hardie of the body of Henry Craig, who died suddenly at Bowen Hills on Friday morning, was found to be chronic endocarditis. Sub-inspector Mathers wired the Commis- sioner for Police, under date Rockhampton, 21st instant, thus :—Senior-constable Glachene, of Banana, wires this date as under : A mar- ried woman, Mrs. Allen, was found dead on the floor of her hut at Banana this morning with her infant alongside of her. The child is alive. Deceased was subject to fits. No sus- picion of foul play. Inquiry will be held. G. G. Cameron, a cabdriver, was brought before the president of the Traffic Board last week for having misconducted himself in the Transcontinental Hotel. It appears that he had been driving a woman about the town, after which she went into the hotel and refused to pay him for his fare, whereupon he took her handbag and was going out when he was met hy Mr. Murphy, the proprietor of the hotel. On seeing Mr. Murphy the cabman asked him to detain the woman while he got a constable ; on Mr. Murphy refusing he was abused. After turning both the man and the woman out Mr. Murphy informed the traffic inspector of the cabman's conduct. The president suspended Cameron's license till the end of the year, and it is very doubtful whether it will be renewed, as he has been before the board several times for similar offences. A voluminous return was presented to the Vic- torian Legislative Assembly last week (says the Melbourne Age) on the motion of Mr. Bent, rela- tive to overrun contracts during the last two years. There were over 300 contracts in the Public Works Department not completed within specified time ; in some instances the com- pletion of the work was delayed 500 days, but in not a single instance did the Public Works Department impose any penalty upon the con- tractor. In the Railway Department, within the same period, 350 contracts were not com- pleted until various periods after the contract time. In some instances the contractor was 300 days behind the specified date in finishing his work, and the fines incurred ranged from £10 to £3000, but in every case they were remitted by the department. According to a Russian journal published at Vladivostock, in Eastern Siberia, the Governor- General of the Russian provinces in the Amoor has had his attention directed to the rapid in- crease of Chinese immigration, and has made proposals to restrict it. In the years imme- diately succeeding 1860, comparatively few Asiatic aliens entered the Amoor districts, but now in the Pri-Amoorski district there are 40,000, and in Usuri 14,000. "The Man- churians form an element which is dangerous to the interests of our Russian colonists, as by their intelligence, industry, endurance, and fru- gality, competition of any foreign labour sys- tem whatever with theirs is prevented." It is proposed to levy a capitation and income tax on all Chinese and Coreans in Russian territory, to tax separately all industries, to admit Asiatics to the privilege of Russian subjects only if they become naturalised Russians, to allow foreigners to take part in the coasting trade on payment of special imposts with a view to the develop- ment of native Russian coasting trade, until euch time as it may be definitely put a stop to and the coasting trade becomes entirely Russian, and to collect special duties on foreign vessels plying on the Amoor and other rivers of the territory. The taxes thus collected are to be devoted to the development of the Amoor region. The stock of toys at Finney, Isles, & Co.'s establishment will be cleared out this day re- gardless of cost.—[ADVT.] 