THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS, AXD OUR RESOURCES. SANDHURST, TBURSDA Y, FEB. 9, 1SSS. REVISION OF THE TARIFF. It 'would, seem that a change has come o'er the spirit of the Ministerial dream. It ib pretty authoritaiivoly said that Parliament will not he asked to deal with tho question of the revision of the tariff next session, but will be required only to pass the estimates aud a bill for the amendment of tho Electoral Act. The reason given for this ia that it is desirable to have only a short session in consequence of tho holding of the Centennial Exhibition, In view of the probable repetition of the discreditable proceedings of last session, the curtailment of legislative business this year would save the colony from some disgrace; but as this might have been thought of some time ago, the Govern ment will find itself sorely taken to task in many quarters for not keeping faith with the country, which has been led fully to expect that the question ef the tariff would be considered. It is no doubt an unpleasant piece of business to handle, and Mini sters will of course be glad of a good excuse for keeping tlioir fingers oil' it. But it is questionable whether the ex cuse will be allowed. People may approve of our great centennial display, as it is cal culated to prove of no small indirect ad vantage to the colony, but those who feel that their interests will be directly damaged by the postponement of anxiously looksd for alterations in the tariff will be inclined to allow their teeth rather fiercely if it should turn out that it really is the intention of the Government to abandon the idea of dealing ■with the matter next session. This sort of shuffling is a little too much in vogue with our Coalition friends. It did look very like a true bill last session that the Government was satisfied to allow time to be frittered away so that they might bo able to shunt some of the difficult item3 in tlieir pro gramma ; and wo do not think they can complain of being wrongfully accused when it is said that they are not enamored of work generally, and that they areparticularly averse to treading on dangerous ground. In point of fact there are strong reasons for suspecting that their guiding policy is " our noble selves first and the country after." But the trickiness which induces them to play ducks and drakes with their promises will be their own undoing. A Government that cannot be trusted is not fit to officer the ship of State. They may not enjoy the smooth sailing and the quick trip they anticipate iu the ensuing session, and in avoiding the Scylla of the tariff, the chances are that they will be swept into the Charybdis. of popular in dignation. We cannot conceive any section of the community feeling very greatly dis tressed at seeing them engulfed or going to pieces on a lee shore. Their mission was fulfilled in the first session of this Parlia ment. The}7 passed their Irrigation Bill and settled the Messrs. Chafi'ey at Mildura. Since then they have pi a cud very little on record which redounds to their credit. They are far too much disposed to take things easily to make a good history for themselves; and only that the conntry for some time past has been oppressed with political drowsiness their reign would not have lasted to this day. However, this they may be sure of— the longer they are- patiently borne with, tho ' greater will be tho reaction when the people J at longth wako up. Now, it seems to be very likely that there will bo an awakening over this tariff business. Things have gone vory smoothly with them outside Parlia ment; so much so that they have been unable to believe that the growling of the Opposition can possibly have been an echo of public sentiment. Fortuitous circum stances have assisted them wonderfully. Money is abundant, the country has been Very prosperous, the seasons propitious, and the revenue flourishing. Under these con ditions it tfould be a poor Government indeed that could ntlt liokt itij owii: ESut it J will be well for them to guard against Riiinidril tendencies. It is quite easy for them to put the finishing stroke to the slow [ process of solf-destructiou in which they have boen indulging; and by carrying out their alleged intention of tossing the tariff to the winds they are likely enough to fall by their own lianiiU: ; A cry of dissatisfaction has already gone up from the woollen millowners. By all accounts they are falling into very bad. straits, and without increased dutie3 they declare that they will have to succumb. They will not quietly receive the intimation that they are to be thrust aside in favor of the Exhibition; and if one industry is dealt with others will clamor for the promised attention. It scarcely seems to bo possible to evade the question next session. The in terests of the woollen millers mil3t bo con sidered. Theirs is an industiy of immense importance to the country. Perhaps it was entered upon too soon, but once having been established it ought not to be permitted to ■perish. The Government will find that this subject will bo forced upon them. There should be no difficulty as tho BaUarat Courier says, " in getting the woollen in dustry placed on a sound footing, if the Ministry only do their duty towards it; and that duty it will certainly have to do next session; or the chance of the Ministry retain ing office will fee reduced to a niiiiimum; no matter what the just returned Mr. Service may do to help it." Very well, then, as tho matter of the woollen duties must b? taken up, the whole question of the revision of the tariff will have to be gone into; or down cotnes the Ministerial house. ViTo could wish that the cotintry could be spared the mortification of exposing the condition of Parliament to the gaze of visitors from all parts of the world, but the duty of the Government, must be done and the inevitable be accepted. The Hojj. R: BuRpoweh, Continues to improve, Wd each day increases the certainty of liis re covery. . . The XoiiRUMBARP.v Common.—Our Melbourne correspondent states that Mr. Brown, M.L.A., ivaited yesterday on the Minister of Lands to gether with a deputation, and asked the Govern ment to apjioint a committee of management of the Torrumbarry common near Echuca. Mr. Dow consented to do so, but stated that £100 a vear should be paid to a herdsman out of the fees derivable from the common. Gef.long J'Jvenu.e Exhibition-.—We have to record the success of the pupils of the mechanical and architectural drawing classes of the School of Mines atod Jisdus i'ifa at tills Ocjlonpt Juvenile Exhibition. Six pupils of Mr. Nicolai's classes sent drawings to the Geelong Juvenile Exhibi tion, and received the following awardsGold medals—E. Wittscheibe, mechanical drawing; Harry Eastwood Jones, architectural drawing. Silver medals—Lea Birch, mechanical drawing; Fritz Leypoldt. mechanical drawing. Certificates —Jeremiah .Medgher, ;architectural drawing; George Jenkins, niechn,inoHl drfl-wiriR. Tllq last: named pupil comes in from Leichardt, aild arid attended the school only four months. Herman Buildt, a former pupil of the school, now a draughtsman in the Public Works department, Melbourne, received a certificate for architectural drawing. The awards in freehand drawing, painting, etc., are not yet made known. A SxitiKE of Ibon*moul»ers. — In another column will be found particulars of a strike of ironmoulders which has occurred at Harkness1 foundry. Our reporter experienced great diffi culty in obtaining the particulars which are given owing to tile great roticenco ehown by those con .— Europe. Mails will close at the fcjaucltuu'si i'oSt office as follow:—For money orders, at 3 p.m. on Thursday; for registered letters, at G p.m. 011 Thursday; for ordinary letters, packets, and news papers, at 6 a.m. on Friday. The Sunday Trains Question'.—The matter of the extplsiou 9f the suburban radius with re spect to fcII3 running of Sunday trains is exciting the deepest interest just now, and a largti aiiil in fluential deputation is to wait to- day (says the Herald) on the Premier with regard to the subject. In view of thi3 it will be interesting to those con cerned to know that on the 4th .of December,. 1884, a resolution was cirried without a division by the Legislative Assembly providing that all districts having railways or'to which railways were to be constructed should he treated equally with respect to the running of Sunday trains. The motion was carried during the course of a debate originated by Mr. Shiels, the member for Nor nianby, who moved a resolution afllrm ing that_all_ suburban districts should bo treated alike in the matter of Sunday trains, provjuing the traffic seemed to the Com missioners to justify it. A spirited discussion followed, and Eeveral of the speakers submitted amendments on the original motion, all of which were negatived with the exception of that given below, which was moved by Mr. Burrowes, the senior member for .Sandhurst; and, as stated, carried ( without a divisiom The debate ij re ported in Vol, 4* of H'.li\svd, p. " That, in the opinion of this House, it is just that tile dis tricts which either now or >vi!I hereafter have rail ways, should be treated equally in respect to the running of Sunday pasann^rer trains, provided the traffic appeal's to the Railway Commissioners to warrant it." The fact that this resolution was carried seems to.have beert overlooked generally. HoijrtAYs.-^ljridnj' tlif? Ifithi THitrsdiT the 10th, luesday tho 2Sth of February, and 'llmrsaay the 8th of March have been appointed public and bank holidays within the Shire of Kodney; and Wednes day the 1-lth March will be observed a3 a public and bank holiday at Ecliuca. . PnopjiiiTr Sale.—Messrs. II. M. Marks and CO., yesterday sold the villa residence in Wills street, formerly occupied by Mr. WilliiUr.s, and known as Roslyn. It is a weatherboard house containing four rooms, and having a frontaje to Wills-street of 33 feet. There was a large at tendance of purchasers, and after spirited bidding it was knocked down to Mr. A. AIlsop for £400. Retirement ok Mounted-constable Machine. —We learn that Mounted-constable Maguire is about to retire from the Police Force. He joined the force in 1SGG, when he was stationed at Whittlesea. He was subsequently at Mildura. and Beechworth at the tiire of Power the bush ranger. He then came to Sandhurst, and was stationed at the Serpentine Creek, Lockwuod, and Strat'.ifieidsajv, having been at the latter place for over twelve years. At the breakout of the Kelly gang his knowledge of the Kelly district resulted in his being sent there for nine months. At the time he left Bjnalla he was pre sented by Captain Standish with a gold locket. Lately he was offered promotion to M-lbourne, but declined.. He recently purchased the property at the Sheep-.vash next to Abbott's tannery be longing to the late William Jones, and it is his in tention to retire to it and carry 011 a vineyard, orchard, and farm combined. Mounted-constable Maguire has always held a good position in the force, and by the attention he has given to the various duties he discharged has secured the good will of a large number of people, who will wish him success in the future. He will retire at the end of the month. Meeting or MListsh Farmers.—A meeting of master farriers and employees was held at the Albert Hotel, M'Crae-street, last evening for the purpose of discussing the Wednesday half-holiday. .There was a good attendance, and Mr. Cowling was voted to the chair. Several motions were put to the^ chair re the Wednesday half-holiday. On the motion of Mr. Brown, seconded by Mr. Wood gate, it was decided to adiourn the meeting to a future date. Omitting a Negative.—In the second leading article in our issue of yesterday the follo-.viug pas sages occur :—" Parliament is what the people make it, it has been said, but this will admit of a slight correction. It is what the people think they are making it when called upon to make their election of candidates, etc." It should have been, " It is not what the people think they are making it when, etc." £4,000 Damages.—Another case arising out of the Windsor Railway accident was commenced in the Supreme Court yesterday (says our Melbourne correspondent), when Mr. li. 0. T. Morgan, solicitor, of the firm of Watson, Morgan and Gill, sued the Railway Commissioners for £10,000, for loss and injuries sustained through the negligence of the railway officials. There, was verbally no defence, the issue before the jury was as to the assessment of damages. The plaintiff was a fine healthy young man prior to the accident, but he has been greatly altered owing to what he has undergone. The bones of the right foot had been crushed, and for a time amputation was deemed necessar3'. For four months he lay in bed suffering the most dreadful torture from the crush, and also from bed sores. He would seem to be permanently injured. His case seems to be one of the vi-ry worst that has yet coma before the courts. Th ; jury, after a brief consultation, returned a verdict for £4,000 damages. Tmal OF a Plough.—Yesterday morning a trial of double-furrow plough, manufactured by. Mr. J. Leslie, took place at the Marong racecourse in the presence of a large number of spectators. The plough is very suitable in land were vines and fruit trees are growing. The body is set well forward, and the wheels ruu in front so as to enable the machine to get as tH'.lf d3, possible to the trees.. The trial was regarded as llnvirtg \Ksrt most successful. - ■The Estate ok tub Late Mr. Kicn'hy ' H11.1.HR.—It is expected (says our, Melbourne I correspondent) that the real estate of the late i Henry Miller will be valued at about a quarter of a million sterling, and that the probate duty will yielJ the stew cUmu on i,'lQQ,0(X). ' Welcome Tf.A Mnynxo.—A tea meeting was held at the Hargreaves-sfrort Bsptist Cliurtfh last night to welcome to Sandhurst the Jtev. W. 0. Tayler, who has recently been appointed to' the pastorate of this church. About 200 sat tc* tea, tha tables being presided orer by Mesdamcs Phillips, Neilson, Wi'rth, Bishop, Beeton, Scott, Powell, Guy, Foot, and Eldridge, and Misses iaj'lcr (2), Graydon. Newcome, and Ashworth. After tho tea a public .inpnting was held in the church. The chair was occupied by the Hev; ban m el Chapman, of the Collins-street Church, Melbourne. On the platform were the Kevs. Tay ler, Vaughan, and Freeman, and Mr. Machean. Tho chairman expressed his pleasure at being present on the occasion, and hoped that Mr. Tay ler and his new'donRtOgntion would cordially work together for the promoting of the good enuse; The Kevs. Vaughati and Freeman, ou behalf of the clergy of Sandhurst; and Mr. M'Lean, on be iiaii o'i lb? c'onefegiitiort, extended to Mr. Tayler a warm welcome, rfrfd *tiddr*eA the chairman's wishes for JNJCr. Tayler's^ ailU tr:'* f^oigregiuiuii a future welfare and prosperity. During thfl t'fenhig hymns and anthems appropriate to the occasion were excellently rendered by a large choir, under theleadership of Mr. Osmond. The church and schoolroom were beautifully decorated with flowers and evergreens, while at every return the greeting " Welccme'' stood out in bold relief. ■' SKNX0R-C0.vsTABr.it Clark, who has been Jon» diid fiFoi-aWlj- Mowo on. Sandhurst, this morning takes his departure tor St. Arrin'td to relieve the officer in charge of that statioii. The Damaged Rails. — The cause of th« breakage of the line at the Lancefield Junction is I to a large extent explained by the fact which has been since ascertained by the Railway Commis sioners (says the 1'clcgraph) that the driver of the | early goods train to .Melbourne did the. distance between Sunbury and Lancefield, seven and a half miles, on a down gradient, in eight inimites, nearly a mile a minute. This was running a goods train at express speed. Tile theory that this acCounta for the damage to the rails is further screnghtened by an examination which has been made of the spot. The cundition of the rails and sleepers and tlio lilid generally is dry, sound, and altogether admirable. The fails iWH Juid dowu in 1802. The spots most damaged are Cditl{<ri»ecl within a distance of about two miles in the Cdtitrs of the seven miles and half referred to, and this would be just about where tho train would, in all likelihood, attain its maximum of speed. As the seven miles and a half were covered in eight minutes aud as it would take some little distance to get full way on aud aome time to pull up at the finish, the middle.portion must have exceeded a mile a minute. It ts woYthy of remark that the driver of the early train from MuHSoHrnft first dis covered the breakages, and reported the fact tcf the platelayer. Traffic is running over the line all right, though for the present the drivers are not Permitted to exceed a speed of two ty miles an flour. Mr. Commissioner Greene has examined the damaged rai s/ and an inquiry will shortly be tidtd. Kaywood ]?OLldii Criv'liT;—At the Haywood Police Court yesterday (says out1 Ucifrt'Spotidont), ill consequence of there being but one lllSg'stritts present, two debt cases were adjourned to the lOth iust. at Eaglehawk by the consent of the parties. DKPAKTUiiE OK Ml!, W. P-vitSOXS.—Mr. W. Par sons; who for the past three years lias acted as. as sistant to Mr, T. R. chemist of Hargreaves street, is ab^ut to leave Sandhurst. He has pur chased a business in Bourlce-street, and intellcLS to strike out on his own account. Mr. Parsons has, by his unassuming manner, made many friends here, and they will all be glad to hear of his hav ing taken such an important step towards his ad varicemerit. ^ 'Monarch* I HavkMkt."—Mr. Beathy King ston, the foreign Odri'c'ci't'ndeiit. of the London Daily Telegraph, in his neiv boolf, Mrttsrphs I have" met,", says:—."At a fete at-Stargard. trig present Crown Prince said to the author while the band was playing the "Wedding march," "'That i.; my favorite piece of uiusic, for that was the first tiling I heard after ray marriage, 12 years ago. yon were a youngster then, M. Kingston, on that day, which'was sucli a happy one forme." Among the groups of servants and hangers-('n o£ the palace, gathered together in a corner ot tliii court, were' too little girls clamoring per sistently to see^the King. The crowd had passed them out to the front, where they were very rrrewinent, His Majesty had noticed the episode, and beckoning thfl . children towards him, Raid, 'What is it you want, you fmiifU people?' __ MVe want to see the King, sir.' 'Wei!, said the Kaiser, mtting them gently on the bead, * you must lcfoJi up at me—I am the King.' Whereupon the children stared awe-stricken at the lofty figureand Binilin•» face of their monarch, .".pnarently unable to understand how it was possible tliey should be tHeH\ .aorii-vlly liaving dared to speak to such an illustrious peisu'iiii^di Th»s waq in 1SG3; and after two old Waterloo hei'oea", ^'ha had also fought at Ligny, had been introduced to the Kiiljf by General ManteufTol, Mr. Kingston had a con versation with the elder of .the two veterans, who was in his Slthyearl He spoke to the author (with, as it were, the ghost of a dead enthusiasm lighting lip his worn, wrinkled lineaments), about Wellington and Lord Anglesey. ' Those were soldiers,' he said—' men of iron,indeed —aHc Ehre, and he'raised his trembling hand ai' if to the salute. ' Arid' what' troops your Englishmen proved themselves—for standing fast to the death ic nnUiinrr HI?r them. Our armv is a fine one, Bnt=—yqu rt'firt.inlinovaiuer " ; H.A.G.B.S. 13alL.—-At tlte u&irI; fortnightly meeting of the above society it waf< dt'endt'd to eeleb- ate the anniversary of St. Patrick's Day by a grand ball. A strong committee was formed to carry out the arrangements, and after transacting sonso routine business, details of which will ap pear in future advertisement, the meeting ad journed.. : Fi!ik'i?or.'D For MiSiKS.— Last night's Herald says that the conififsfriy feWntjy. made by mine owners and others at SanuHiirsf itfzt there would ba a scarcity of firewood for the minea, fiiq'yftjjf.jy arose through some trucks of sawn timber ftWH Daylesfdi'dbaviiig been blocked on their way to Sandhurst*. The department. find3 that, as a rule, the companies, knowing that at this season of the year the department's trucks are fully occupied in carrying wheat, have laid in a supply, which will tide them over the present, while the traffic authorities keep as many wood trucks running as possible. Murderous Assault by a Si2rVaKT.-~From Mount Pern', Queensland, news is to hand (says the Herald) of a murderous attack on a master by a servant. Alfred Gregory was camping on a road with one Cramer, employed by him. About day light one morning Gregory received a blow on the lvad with a tomahawk while lying under a blanket. Gregory got up, and Cramer struck at him again, the blow severing his finger. Gregory was after Wards found in a critical condition and taken to a hotel, and Cramer arriving at the same place with a swag was seized and watched by a viligance com mittee. The prisoner, who is a Prussian, had pjissied the notes stolen from Gfegorv, but had his vKJUHi'i) wiUJll in his possession when appre hended. 0-v;: Pknny a Poun'd for Butted.—'Tiie L'tfUt? market at Melbourne would appear occasionally to f.lll to f very low ebb (says the Herald) judging from a letter ofcomfflrfint wly'cii was received from a farmer at Warragul. On ine tftli of bjst month he consigned -171bs. of fresh butter by rail to Biel bourne, and it realised tho handsome figure of Id. per lb. ! The butter was consigned to agents to place upon the market; and, after the reductions for freight, cartage, and commission, our corrcs poridefit' received the highly remunerative amount of Is. lid. for his pfi/dttrtvtnd his pains. The fol lowing is a statement ot ac&niiifs.pf; sale;—471b butter at Id., 3s. lid.; commission, 5 per iVilt:; )k:: total, 2s. lid.;cartage Od., return freight fid., is".; total, Is. lid. By no means encouraging this. A.v Impudent Theft.—A most impudent theft wa3 committed on Tuesday afternoon at Fay's Cambrian Hotel, Maryborough. Constable O'Con nell, one of the local police force, was sleeping in one of .the rooms of the hotel, having been on duty last night, and while he was asleep his watch was taken from his pocket, and another watcli belong ing to a fellow lodger at the hold n'aa stolen from the same room. Pot some time after his discovery of the tin-ft (sayo the Tdojrdph) O'Gounell was the butt of jokers fronl eVorv direetiorij as hti. prides himself on his ability as a detective, oild Has cer tainly effected several clever arrests since he has been stationed in Maryborough. He ascertained, however, that a young man who has been stopping at Pay s for the last few days under the name of Prank Briggs was seen coming out of the room while he was asleep, and later on was seen deposit ing something in the yard of a neighboring hotel, which ultimately proved to be the stolen watch. The constable ascertained his whereabouts in the town, and having *nlisfi.?d himself as to his identity, arrested him on the charge; When accused of 'it prisoner struck at the , constable, who) however) was too much for him, and escorted him with an air of triumph to the lockup. For some time the idea was prevalent that the constable had boen made the victim of a practical joke, but the dis covery of the stolen watches, and the identification of the alleged thief, have removed all doubt on that point. A Disastrous Fire broke out about 2 p.m. on Monday at West Woodstock, on tho farm of Mr. Meanev. It aimears (savs the Tnrrannnw.rr Times) tli.it Reed'a threshing machine hud just finished on the farm, and tho men were preparing to leave, when one of them lit his pipe and threw the match on the ground, the flame quickly ignit iug the loose straw, and in a few moments several stacks tit hay and straw were oil fire. Every endeavor was made to quench the flames, but without effect, and on Tuesdaj' night the fire wa3 still burning. The loss_ wili fall heavily on Mr. Moaney, as, in addition to about thirty tons of hay and several stacks of straw, a chaff cutter (nearly new), stables, sheds, harness, pigs, foivls, etc., were consumed. The dwelling house narrowly escaped destruction, as the vines round the house caught several times and the windows were broken with the heat. The furniture was hastily taken from tho house, and several articles were broken in the liurry of removal. At the lowest computation, the damage will exceed £120, and there ivas no insurance on tho property de stroyed. An Old Land ILitik.—Those who may have hap pened to bo in the vicinity of Collins-street west, an J who desired to look for thelaattimeuponthe bnild ing in which the first newspaper published in Vic toria was printed, would have an opportunity affor ded them yesterday (says the Telegraph) which would never occur agam._ Right at tho rear of the Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society's offices, which can be approached from tha lane in Market-street, which divides tlie "Union Club Hotel from Lange's old stores, will bo found ill course of demolition JolinPascoe Fawkner's old premises in which was set up the first edition of The Port Phillip Patriot. Thus in the ccmrso of a clay or two another landmark will disappear, and the existing recOrd of oue of the pioneers of Aus tralian progress will ba numbered with tha past, and ia its placa will he erected a large and com modious building tor the owners of the present site, the Colonial Mutual Lifo Assurance Society Ac^wJN'/ whili; Kit:: Flying.— A little boy, named John'-Hill met with .1 very serious and painful acuiilp."1 ton Tuesday (says the Herald) in Woodhead- strcct., .North i'itzruy, as a result of unskilful kite-flyi»:jf. Another little lad, residing near i lil], was living h- kite in the street, and Hill was looking on. SuJdenl.v the .kits gave a lurch downwards, and t/ic pointed top of the cciiirc lath of the kite struck iJi-'i °n one of his ey&, eiiterW the eyebal.' and causing uncon ciousness. The [<oor'little fo.'low was conveyed to III" live and Bar Ko.-pit-'.l, u.'1'' was atill un conseioi!^ <st one o'clock ye^tcrda^' This after noon the injured me is to be rpruoct„'<:'> aiia it 15 feared that he will Jo»<: the sight of the c'^!01'. ?*e' and tlnis become tot;il)y blind, This ^ncidsnt should be a caution to parent* not t'j allow c'"'" , djW to fly kites without proper Sti{>err>sion. Busi:' > (HE AT uHANA.—A telegram frmn Urank,' 1 (says the Arr/Ut) states that two tremendoHS Irtish ft res broke out on rridfty near Boree Creefe and the Galore", sweeping al! More them from thi back of Green's Gnnyali ntcmg to Bullenbong; fires subsequently came together, and they are stui IWrinfj furiously in the direction of Boree < Creoir. It Js cstiftJirted'tbat not less than 300,000 ( acres of frrass and a ]nrge qnnntity of fencing has . been destroyed. Several selecxwr* nave lost. swc,i. Tho' fire did serious damage to the telp£$tttph lines Hct Fcrrier's, 1(3 poles being burnt. TIih jfolioW iu'g ar'g th«'chicf-sutfevcrs:—Waklejr- 0;OQO acres), Moffaitt,-, Macfcri,?/ Murrester, Drummond, Carroll, Bramhall, Johnson, .M'T'eish, and Eeiran, MoBatt lost 400 sheep and Eeiran alt his sheen- An immense quantity of grass was deStft'yed on the Boree Creek and at Brookoivg, where tllO gross in some places was several feet in height. Clothes J1 otjn'd Under 'the Mukrav BfllnflK.—Constnb!o_Perki;is reported on Tiiesury, at JOcTmrfn (says; the Riverine IZcrdld) that some clothes hid test! foiind by" a man named Coombs, at the bridge in the fflofmng. T. e clothes con sisted of tweed sac coat, grey rest, soft felt hat, etc. In the pockets were found a Mouthpiece for a cornet, itid apiece of tobacco, therrt wast nUo a small photo of some actress. On finding: thy cloches without .in owner, it was feared that some ;one had committed s.iicide. It is therefore satis factory to learn from Sergeant J tines that the owner of the clothes has been found, and that he was much surprised at his Sundar clothes being i extracted from his. hriirfe without liis knowledge. It looks now therefore like it practical "joke," but if so,' we lriust say. \ isi is• a) v'ety fooiisb one, and the guilty party deserves to bd severely I punished. SfnAttos's Flour Mill.—It is with pleasure that we (Itivirini Herald) are enabled to report that the new machinery in connection with the above mill at Echuca has been ejected, and works very ^monthly. The rollers were si; t ?■> motion on Tues day evening, and milling will now' bv the order of the day, and night too. : To day our baJt'Cr? will be. able to jet the best of flour without going td Sand hurst for the very inferior stuff used lately, and fie the carriage will thus be saved it is expected the jifit'i' irf bread will come down just as siiddt nly as it went lip". • Jtoertrtinly in justice o'nght to do so. Peculiar Ort/uiiKFisc® at Deriumut.—The Derrirmit division of tnc' Vyndham shire was on Sunday night (says the Tclcgrdph) the scene of n conflagration", by whioii. Ji tenement owned and occupied by a Mrs. Smith, was burned to tile ground. According to what the woinan has told die JTootscrnj^ police, -the affair appears to be an 22* of mc'endiariain. It would seem that the woman 3 lfflsiijrtd left her some time ago. It is said that origitfitlfy f.'p' owned a considerable por tion of land about tho district; which he signed over to his wife. Since therl tlfey hiire quarrelled and parted. . ' The land on which tho liotiSe stood, consisting of a, block of. 11 acres, she fold sonr.e ! short ft'rrte bick to a farmer named Jfarg^ber i for £810s. per fi?re, Between 10 and. 11 o'clock on Sunduy night t\?0 itten, slie said, who had driven im in a cart, came atfcJ deroanded admit tance. A3 she Hid not open the clocrf to the men, they burst it in and next entered ht-r bedroom, whilst Bhe hid from them under some haj-, and eventually succeeded in making lier. escape to Mr. l''rnsb<*r b Jplace,'* where - she told what had occurred. (shortly after her arrival flames were noticed t'j ansa frCnrV her house, which was in a short time burnt to the g'rcMnd with all her furni ture. No portion of the effec'td W ftouse was in sured. Mrs. Smith stoutly refus«J to give any information to the police that) might Jk.-W S j the identity of those who she asserts committed the wfc of breaking in, beyond saying that; they were relative's# \fho would kill her if she gave informa tion. Messrs. L. SIacpher3mi and Ucf. aim^uiico that oivin;* to the Maron" Baces there was no lUferiimco of buyers nt tlieir sale or 3I>. J. Ff. rIV-".;iH;'3 properC/ j'c!Tfertlay, an'l the sale Las been postponed until S.iturJay/ tbe lltb ius-t. I Jlr. Sf. W. Beat bos taken the National Hotel in I Hfdaswick-sfcreet, Fitzroy, and will bo glad to see all I Sandllrifsi frienils. ■ 