SOME INCIDENTS IN THE LIFE OF A MINER. By G.S.C. n. Near the end of our "bran experience, my father, who belonged to the order, of Freemasons, made- the acquaintance of a "brother" travelling with some other train of . waggons. This brother, who was a doctor, had obtained bread at St. Louis, and had, by cutting it into thin slices and drying it in an oven, made it so that it would keep perfectly pure and sweet for a very long time, perhaps for years. My father, on making his distress known to tliq worthy medico, and telling him how near death's door we were, by starvation, was told to go, after dark, over to bis waggon, and he (the doctor) would try and give us some help. I knew nothing of all this until next morning, when my fatker, making some excuse, climbed up into the front of the waggon, for the ostensible purpose of eating his share ol the bran served out lor breakfast. I was sitting among the rest belonging to the waggon, wondering in my boyish way if ever I was going to get anything to eat again 011 earth, when I heard my father calling me from the front of the waggon. On gmg to sec what he wanted, ho told me to get up on the seat beside him, I did so, at the same time handing up my mess of bran and a tin of water to drink. On. sitting down, my father produced about three or four ounces'of bread, to my utterly astonished eves. I was ncrfectlv dumbfounded at the sight, and verily believe if hehad produced the moon out of liis pocket, my surprise could not have been greater. On getting possession of a few crusts, I put a small piece iu my mouth and commenced to chew the savory morsel with all the relish hunger can give, and in my delight I entirely overlooked the fact tliat there were other individuals at the back of the waggou who were in the same state of ravenous hunger as ourselves. If I had had sufficient sense to have thought of this, I should have been very careful indeed not to have made any crackling sound with my teeth in chewing the bread. As it was, I went at the task of satisfying my wants without any heed as to the consequences, and in doing so the bread — as hard as rock — cracked between my jaws, in a manner that showed they were in good order, and fit for the work. All of a sudden a footstep was heard coming from the back of the waggon, and in an instant the face of Michael showed itself, and the owner exclaimed, " Hullo, what are you eating ?" In response, I got a terrific crack alongside 1113" cars, and the voice of my father, in seeming angry tones, was heard, " What are you making that horrible row about with your teeth, you young rascal ? Do you like the bran so well that yon must Icicle up that row ?" I commenced to blubber, and the upshot of the whole affair was that Michael went back to the others, on rejoining whom we heard him say, seemingly in answer to some remark, " Oh, it was only tlie boy making a noise." Now, there is not the slightest doubt if the rest of the party had found out about the bread (and the whole lot would not weigh more than 21bs at the outside), we would- have been very roughly handled, and the crusts taken away. I often thought what a clever piece of strategy that crack 011 the side of my head from my father's hand illustrated. It was just about this time, too, that we were invited out to dine ! A poor, miser able, broken-down bullock, belonging to a waggon drawn by oxen, had been let loose by some train on ahead. This had been discovered by some travellers down by the side of a creek in among the willows, and alter considerable diffi culty it had been driven into a proper spot for slaughter, and we were invited to partake of this not in any way prize ox. A man and his wife were our en tertainers, and on sitting down the whole of the courses consisted of boiled and "jerked" beef. The latter mode of cooking is to cut the beef in thin strips and smoke it over the fire. The "jerked" beef did for "bread," and the boiled for beef, pure and simple. Nothing else graced the " festive" board — not even a grain of salt — not even a plate — nothing. It was a phase of prairie life illustrating the primitive State of man in the world's history before forks were invented. Among the strange medley of travel lers wending their way over the plains to California was a small party, con sisting of three very polite aud gracious Frenchmen, who had, as a means of conveyance for their different goods, six old cows and one white horse. The Frenchmen, cows and horse, would be sometimes ahead and at other times behind us ; but after passing and re passing some few times we noticed the gradual disappearance of some of the cows, and the consequent increasing load on the back of the horse. From all we could gather it seemed to us t-liat, as any of the bovine members of the partjr, tired aud starving, would lay down, disgusted with the world, and give up the ghost, the load carried so faithfully would be shifted on to the hack of the unhorned one. After the gradual dying out of the cows, to the number of three or four, the load on the old horse in a small way resembled a mountain of pots, pans, blankets and calico, and the poor old chap would stagger along under his load, with a weaty look in his eves that betokened his extreme misery. Previous to the last occasion on which we saw the Frenchmen, "with their cows and liorse, we had heard that they had crossed the river 011 to the opposite side from which we were travelling. However, one evenings shortly after dark, shoutings and hallooings were heard bv us, coming from the other side of the stream. Some of the men went to see what was the matter, and on investigation discovered it to be the three Frenchmen, minus their live stock of horned cattle. After some difficulty the three men got across with the old horse, and then they told us that they had been attacked by a mob of Indians, who had driven their cows away, with their loads, towards a range of hills away to the left. After, some conversa tion on the matter, it was decided to Blake up a party in the morning and go out after the depredators. Accordingly, at break of day. tke-whole camp was astir, and shortly afterwards ten men started ont to punish the thieves, some mounted ' on', a fewrpfy the .best steeds it waspossihle to -.call-opt from among the' poor Hulf-starved"crowd"'of animals the train ...possessed Every, man was armed to the teeth! I watched the little army cross the river and wend their way towards the distant hills,; until at last a jutting point of. land liuVthem from view. Towards evening I saw them coming hack, and when near enough I saw they had a grcater number of horses than they had previously. On coming into camp they told me that they had found the Indian camp in a small vallev, that they had' partly surrounded it, and that there had been a slight skirmish, the result of which was the recovery of a cow they had with them, and also a prize of sixteen horses. The other cows were dead or lost. Most of the horses, if not all of them, had sore withers, caused, as was witli justice supposed, by the Indian rider sticking an arrow in the poor animal's shoulder, as a spur, when riding it. The continual probing had caused each horse to have a terrible sore and painful wither, very difficult to cure under- our present cir cumstances. A few had the US brand on them (I think about four or five out of the lot). Where the Indians had obtained them was tlie cause of a great deal of speculation among us, hut of course nothing definite resulted from all our surmises. Some of the animals turned ont to he really useful. One, claimed by Michael as a prize, was a tall, upstanding iron-grej', that carried his rider dajr after day for hundreds of miles. The rest of the horses were distributed among the members of the train, according to their needs. The Frenchmen rejoiced in the possession of their solitary cow, and the old white horse again trudged on with his moun tain of merchandise strapped on his bony j back. The last we saw of the animal was ' on the confines of the Tliirty- mile Desert, near the siuk of the Humboldt. The weary gait aud eye were still the same. The poor old legs still tottered under the heavy load, as he bowed his head ere he commenced the task before him, of wading through that fearful sea of sand. The scenery of the prairies is ( some parts of extreme beauty, and o look from some high pinnacle of the Sierra Nevadas far over the fields of ever lasting snow, away down into the valley of the Carson on the cast, or of the Sacramento on the west, is a sight long to remember. In the year I speak of the almost sylvan solitude of those valleys knew not, as now, the whistle of the locomotive. The land lay in all its virgin purity as it came from the hand of God. The Indian and the antelope, the deer and the grizzly, still ranged in all the security of perfect freedom. Some of the grandest pic tures of tlie Creator's handiwork were disclosed to our enraptured gaze from those lofty mountains, and yet Cali fornia had hidden in her treasur y beauties before which what we here beheld paled into ntter insignificance — for extreme "randeur and sublimitv — with tlie bean- ties of the tlien uuknown valley of the Yosemile. Niagara alone can compete with those grand aud magnificent spec tacles of nature, tlie Sentinel Rock, the Mirror Lake, the bold jutting cliff of rock known as El Capitane, rising for hundreds of feet perpendicular from the water at its feet, lar away iuto mid air, the. top ever clad by whirling masses of eddying clouds. Tlie giWlouv of +.I10 Yosemite was left for future travel lers to discover. It was au undiscovered spot in 1841. The beautiful Lake Talioe, situated at an altitude of 6218 l'eet above the level of sea, a length of 23 miles, by a width of 15, was unknown to the greater number of Californians in those early days. These beauties lay iu abeyance, hid in the arms of Mother Nature, for more favored sons. I well remember away out, I think it was, on tlie Sweetwater, a very extraordinary freak of nature. This was a hole about 4 inches in diameter, near the centre of a large flat rock. On dropping a stone in tlie bole one could hear it fall, hitting against the sides, for a great distance, and by waiting a few minutes a sound could be beard, away down in the subter ranean depths, like distant peals of thunder. This rumbling sound would gradually draw nearer aud nearer, ac companied by puffiug resembling the noise of an engine at high pressure. " Puff", puff, puff would approach the sound , when , without any further warning, a jet of water would be thrown several feet in the air, fall again, and disappear out ot sight down the hole in the rock. Wait, and in a minute or so again would be heard tiie rumbling noise, the "puff, puff, puff," the water thrown again in the air would fall and disappear. And so the work went on, week in and week out, aud will continue to do so, no doubt, until some enterprising Yankee turns the whole affair into a bath-house, or puts a flour mill over the spot, thereby turning Mother Nature's curiosity into a means of getting hold pf the almighty dollar. Another freak of nature was the great fields of pure carbonate of soda on the Humboldt. A number of Mormons, with teams," had come from Salt Lake to gather that very useful mineral salt, and we saw them doing this as we passed. In and about this region we also came across that peculiar little reptile, the flying frog. This queer specimen of nature's handiwork possesses the faculty of climbing and flying. First it would make its way up one of the stunted sage-hushes, that grew in myriads on some parts of the prairies. Then, after taking a survey of the beautiful scenery that such a tremendous altitude dis closed, it would extend the front and hind legs, a piece of loose skin joining the legs — -would become tightened by the process, much in the same manner as our flying squirrels, and the little creature would glide to the ground safely. One more anecdote of our hero of the bear, Pat, Captain Evans's servant : It was, if I remember correctly, near tC Independence Rock." The train of waggons was going along at a slow pace. Pat was comfortably sitting alongside the captain on the front of the waggon, when,: before any person was aware, & beautiful antelope bounded over the road in front of us. Pat no sooner clapped eyes on the-flect one of the prairie, .than he, the same as at the time of: his adventure with the bear, jumped in all haste - down from "the waggon and .took after j the ; animal. ' He threw away; his Jlllfcin-the-aidpryqfyti uncut hair flying out .b'ehind, . ..It ,Fas not until hundreds of 'yards' whre passed,' and the antelope'liad gained considerable distance, then; and only then, it turned to look at its pursuer; " Pat's heart beat with: Hopes of.- success when die saw the antelope turn, and, with astonished gaze, look at the man behind. ' All the train turned out to see the novel race. Every point of vantage" was taken possession of, and shouts and peals of laughter at the -Irishman's futile endeavors were indulged in. But, in spite of all, lie kept on manfully, bent, if human legs conld accomplish the task, on running the creature down. The most amusing part of the whole of the proceedings was the antelope now and again turning to view its Dursner. and then, when-, the Irishman- would be getting rather too close, bound off with that long gliding motion so marked in the deer tribes. Pat followed the chase for a very long dis tance — as far 'as could be judged, over a , mile and a half— but at last we had the satisfaction of seeing the unsuccessful hunter return, tired and .hardly able to drag one leg after the other — the victim of not studying Buffon, and a pure example of human simplicity as to the powers of locomotion in ' the animal creation. Pat was fully under the belief that the antelope would have soon given in ; " For," said he, " I conld see it was getting tired." U11 Green River occurred . the only deaths that hefel our party. It was the custom among the members cf the train to send one or two of their number ahead to pick out a spot to camp for the night. One afternoon, just 'before sun down, two men went forward in company to do so. One of these was a tall, fair- complexioned man, of about 35 years, an engineer by profession, and the pos sessor of a beautiful silver-mounted rifle, a gift to him from his father on the eve of liis departure for California. He was veiy proud of the weapon, and seemed by the way he kept it in order, to sel great store by it. It was, without doubt, a splendid arm, and frilly war ranted tlie care he bestowed upon it. His companion was an individual by the name of Moore, of about the same age as the engineer, but of a dark complexion. It was close 011 dark when the waggons arrived at the spot picked out by the engineer and Moore for our camping- placc— a flat, low down against the river. After drawinir the waggons into a circle, for protection against any attacks by Indians, two or three tents were pitched inside the enclosure, in a couple of which the engineer and Moore took un their quarters for the night, sleeping on the ground with nothing between them and the earth but a macintosh blanket to lay their blankets on. Shortly after dark heavy black clouds began to overcast the heavens, peals of thunder were heard in the distance, accompanied by vivid flashes of light ning, and in a very short time the rain came down in torrents ; and while the thunder pealed, and the lightning flashed, and the rain fell in a perfect deluge, word went round tlie camp that the dreaded cholera had come amongst us, aud that the engineer was the victim. And soit was. He died on the spot he had chosen for the camp, that niglit at twelve o'clock ; and no sooner was he dead than poor Moore was taken sick. The whole camp was in a state of terror. Tliat fearful scourge, cUuicnt, was in our midst. No man knew who would be the next victim. The only chance of escape was to fly the spot on which we were. Daylight saw all but one (poor Moore) ready to leave. A grave — if I may call such a shallow hole a grave — was dug, amid tlie still pouring rain, and when it was deemed of suffi cient depth the body of the engineer was laid in it, rolled in his blanket, -and liis treasured rifle was placed beside liiin. He valued it the most, we knew ; so it was laid beside him in the grave. Twelve o'clock (noon) saw Moore a corpse. He, too, poor fellow, was laid in a shallow grave beside a willow that grew near the bank of a small rivulet running into Green River, and about three miles from where we had laid the body of the engineer. A man travelling in one ' of the other waggons, an 1 who had been at one time a Mormon preacher, composed some verses, in imitation of Wolfe's " Burial of Sir John Moore." on him. These were placed, with his name, age, and when he died, on a board at the head of the shallow grave ; and so we left him. 