®l)c Nobclist THE CLENCHED HAND, OB A RIVAL FROM THE PLAINS. A STORY OF AMERICAN SOCIETY. Br Henbt Montcalm. PROLOGUE. Hie first of atemble chain of circumstances on which the plot of this story depends occurred at the close of the last century. In the year 1810. there stood, open the bank of a beautiful stream in Eastern New York, a large family mansion, the residence of Matthew Armington. The mansion was a very delightful one in its plan and sunonnd- ings. The man who dwelt there with bis twin sons was possessed of enormous wealth; yet over this house and over this man there hung always the shadow of a dreadful tradition — the tradition of the Clenched Hand. This tradition, as it came from the lips of the old wives of that neighborhood, was something as follows : — Years before, shortly after the peace of 88, the twin brother of Matthew Armington had been found in the library of the mansion foully murdered. There was no evidonce as to the guilt of any of theservants, nor would there seem to have ' \ been any reason fot suspecting the surviving brother of the deed, for lie rode hotne two days after, bai-ing been absent for more than a fortnight. And yet men did suspect hi in . for many yeare ; and often,, as he rode by, they would say to each other, There goes the man who murdered his twin brother for his money. Curse liiin I He carries the blood.mark on his face to-day, and dares not show it.' Tliis 'blood-mark1 alluded to was a small red birth-mark, in the form of the clenched hand, formerly known to have existed on the right temple of Matthew Armington. But of late years he had found it well to wear his iron-grey hair so brushed down as to conceal it. For it came to be whispered ail about that not many months after the murder the spirit of the murdered man liad been seen on stormy nights passing to and from under the trees in front of the honse; and that once — though how it came to be known is hard to imagine, since Matthew Armington .himself could hardly have revealed it — the two brothers, the living t and the dead, had met there beneath the library windows, and that while the strong man, usually so cold and impassive, stood striken and trembling before the spirit of his murdered brother, that spirit had put forth his ghostly hands as if to bless him, and had said 1 Matthew, I forgive you the wrong you did me. I know you are not happy with your ill-gotten wealth. But, oh, beware of the Clenched Hand 1 So long as it shall temain, and so long as your sons and your sons' sons inherit this wealth, so long sbai) brother meet death at the hand of brother ! 1 And with these words the spirit had vanished into the night, and had never been seen or heard of afterward. Such was the legend of the Clenched Hand ! Of course in this year, 1810, it had come to be well-nigh forgotten, and not at all believed by sensible people ; and yet Mat thew Armington went about silently among his fellowmen, feared and distrusted stilb and loved by none. And his handsome sons, the one fair and the other dark, coming home in their twentieth year from an English University, found a cloud hanging over their honse and name whose shadow seemed to ex tend even to their own joyous lives. And still there were old people who repeated the legend of the Armington ghost, and who would sometimes shake their heads ana say, 1 It is strange that these two should be twins, just as their father and uncle were before them, and that the light one Bhould have the Clenched Hand on his temple.1 They had reason to think it stranger yet when, two years later (Matthew Armington having died meanwhile), young Dick Armington — he who carried the fatal mark on his brow — while out shooting with some city friends on die estate, accidentally dropped his gan, and the weapon, going off, killed the other brother, of whose proximity, just then, no one had the remotest idea. Poor Dick ! Not the slight est blame could fall upon him , and nobody doubted that his grief was real when he stood and sobbed above his brother's grave while the last prayers were being said. The two had not only been, broth erg, but friends in the truest sense, and the blow was a severe one indeed. Soon after that the house was snut up, all but the right wing, where one or two trusted servants remained ; and then nothing more was heard of Dick Armington for a dozen yeare or more, until one day he came back to the' old place to live, bringing with him two motherless boys. Wonderful to say these two boys were twins, one fair and the other dark ; and one of them, Reginald had npon his right temple, so high up that it could only be seen when his golden hair was push ed away, the birth-mark of the Clenched Hand. Strange it was that Richard Armington took no notice from his own unfortunate ex perience. Strange it was that the mysterious words of the ghost, though well known to him, should have made no impression, and that he should look on his two sods, fine manly fellows that they were, go on to the terrible fulfilment of tneir fate, and take no step to save them. But (his lesson came to him at last, when he ventured home one morning to find his dark-haired Arthur lying dead in faiB chamber. And then as be fell upon his son's body and wept, his other boy came to him and said, " Father, it was I who did it, but God knows it was an accident. I would have suffered death myself a thousand times rather than that harm should come to him.1 The father only took the other's band in his, and sank into a chair. ' Well do I know that Fate and net you has done this thing. Oh! blind! blind 1 why did I not take heed I Fate . it was, indeed, that had brought Arthur Armington home late at night, and had decreed that his own brother should shoot him dead, mistaking him for a thief in the night. Bat Richard Annington did not forget the lesson ; and when, a few years later, he found himself on his death-bed, he called Reginald to him and told him tbestoiyof the Clenched Hand. Then he said, ' I bad thought of leaving my wealth and the terrible curse that seems to attend it away from you. But now I think it better to exact a promise instead. Swear to me that you will never marry, — or if you do, that on your wedding day you will put all this property from you. For, mark the words of a dying man, — one who sees now more clearly than he ever did in his life and health, — it is bo fated that it you marry, and still retain the property which my grandfather murdered his brother to get, then, so sure as there is a God in heaven, you will nave but two children, twin sons, one dark and one fair. And the fair one will have the bloody birth-mark on bis face ; and the dark one will die by his hand, as your brother died by your (hand, and my brother by mine1 Promise me this, and I shall die con teat." And the young man, with his hand in that of bis dying father, gave the required promise. iAnd yet, only three years after, with fatal trenchery, he disregarded the promise. A dark-eyed beauty, one of the Vavasours of Vavasour Hall, stirred his passionate soul to love, and he had married her. But he did not put his wealth from him. Why should I do that,' said he, ' just for a foolish superstition ? At least, why should I not wait until my children are born, and then decide V So he let the matter go nntil, a little later, there were horn to him two twin sons , and one of them was fair with the Clenched Hand still on his brow. And of the two, Reginald, the dark-haired one, the father loved. But Arthur, he whose face was fair as a summer's day, his father hated for, the mark that lie bore, hated because he per suaded himself that it was on his account he- must relinguish liis vast wealth. But he did not relinguish it. He let things ran on until the boys were four years old, and had become motherless. Then, one day, be took them away on a long journey. . And when in the autumn he came back, Reginald alone was with him. Arthur, he said, had taken sick and died many days' journey from home. But lie lied. He had chosen betweeA his child and fortune, and that child he had abandoned, homeless and friendless, thou sands of miles away. And lie said to him self that the paths of his two sons could not possibly cross each other now, and that the fortune and the son he loved were still saved to him. But did he forget that the Clenched Hand still flushed and reddened on the brow of the outcast ? Did lie suppose fate was to be thwarted thus ? CHAPTER I. A PBAIUIE RENDEZVOUS. Far out on the plains, hundreds of miles west of the great Father of Waters, near a small grove of trees which seemed like a solitary island in the vast prairie ocean, here stood a man leaning on the shoulder of his horse, and gazing steadily eastward. In perfect stillness and solitude, with figures clear cut against the sunset sky, and shadows falling long on. the ground before them, these i two, horse and man, made a wonderfully strong and attractive picture. The man was young though not boyish, a manly, powerful figure in a tasty hunting dress, and a face very fair to see with its luxuriant blonde whiskers, and its clear blue eyes looking out frankly from under the slouched hat. The horse was a jet-black stallion appearing at first glance a thing of perfect symmetry and beauty. A critical examination of his points would bat have confirmed the impression he gave. This man called himself Rocke Arthur. He named his horse Nero. . He was here by appointment, waiting for Raymond, his friend who wsb dearer to him than a brother. The two had parted on this very spot, one sum mer noontide, twelve months before, with a vow te meet here exactly in a year's time. Each knew that the other, if alive, would keep his vow. These two men had been friends for many months now. The story of their meeting, though not singular, was interesting. Rocke Arthur, entering the door of the Cafe de Paris ( AngUce , grong-shop of Mud Gulch), one evening, saw a delicate, girlish-looking fellow, whom a gigantic rougli of the tradi tional ' Pike description was bullying un mercifully, to the great amusement of the lookers- on. Rocke stood regarding the scene for a moment. He knew these men and this life well, and he rapidly aimed to draw this young fellow into a quarrel, and then he meant to shoot liim like a dog. The delicate lip of the victim was already quivering with excite-7 ment and indignation. Rocke saw that he was fast losing self-control, and might any moment do something to bring upon him his own destruction. So be stepped forward suddenly, and walking up to the bar careless ly trod on the toe of the big ruffian. The latter drew back his foot with an oath. I beg your pardon,1 Rocke said with a sarcastic sneer, and turning to the counter he called for u glass of brandy. The attendant turned it out and set it on the counter. Then the bully irritated by the new-comer's indif ferent inaouer, reached coolly out from where he sat with chair tipped back, took the glass himself, and drank the contents. Rocke Arthur looked at hitn calmly. My friend,' said he, ' you have made a mistake,1 and ordered another glass. This in turn was set on the counter, and again the ruffian reached forward, and again he drank the glass. My friend.1 said Rocke, ' permit me to inform you that you have made two mistakes and now be ordered two glasses, this time drinking one . himself, while the bully, as before, reached forth and took the . other. Recke stood for a moment coolly wiping his lips. The eyes of the whole room were npon him. There were men there who knew him, and they wondered at his forbearance. He bowed ceremoniously to the bully ' Sir,' he said, ' I thank you for the honor you have done me.1 Then he walked toward the door. The rough burst into acoarse laugh, but it died upon his lips. Half way across the room Rocke turn ed suddenly, and without one word of warn- ning, quick as lightning, drew a revolver, and shot the other dead. Several men sprang up excitedly, but with a scornful gesture he waved them back. You know me,1 be cried, and you know that I have done no wrong. That man was a cowardly bound ; but you are worse yet, to sit by and see a boy like that badgered out of his life.1 Then he put his arm through that of the stranger, and drew him away. From that time Arthur and young Ray mond were fast friends. Each told the other the stoiy of his life. That of the former was a strange one ; more of it hereafter. As for Raymond's, it was brief but by no means ordinaiy, His father, a hard, stern man, sought to bend to his own will a nature far too fine and high strung for him to under stand. The two had never agreed, and at last, as a matter of course, they quarrelled openly, and a breach was made past all mending. The old man turned his son's picture to the wall, and made a will cutting him off without a cent, while Raymond went out from bis boyhood's home with hatred in bis heart, and sought in the farthest West a realization of those delightful dreams of peril and adventure which he had so often indulged in. Poor fellow ! His Western life had gone well enough with him until that evening that fate made him acquainted with Rocke Arthur. Aftor that, for a whole year, the two were never apart for a single night. Rocke wsb a man of iron, atid had been used to the fron tier life for many years. For him no ride was too long, no adventure too perilous, no hardship too severe. Winter and summer, storm and sunshine, all were alike to him. Nature, the rugged, wild, untamed Nature of the Plains, wsb iike a mistress to him, and he loved her in whatever mood he found her. And to this mistress he now introduced Raymond. The two went through all kinds of adventures together, rode side by side for thousands of miles, slept 'neath the same sky night by night, and fought a hundred fights together, with buffaloes and bears and more savage Indians. Yet Rocke was never able to arouse in his friend the love for this life which he himself felt. Raymond enjoyed it in a manner. It afforded him the excitement which he craved. And yet all the while there seemed to dwell In him a spirit and dis content for which his friend was at a loss to account. His eyes seemed always to look away far beyond the horizon of his present life into a life that lay beyond either in the future or in the past. One day, ridiDg into Fort Smith, Raymond found a St. Louis paper, and in it a para graph which told him that his father had died intestate, and that he therefore was heir to the estate. A while after, he spoke to his friend. ' Rocke,' said he ' I'm going back to the States ; ' and told him what he had read. Rocke, the cool, the collected, stoical actu ally turned pale through his coating of bronze. ' Going back to the States ? ' he gasped. ' O Ray, you mustn't, you cant have the heart to de it 1' ' But I inust, Rocke. I shall fret myself to death if I stay here, now. Besides it is my duty.' ' Do you — do you mean that yon mast go for -good ? 1 Rocke put the question Jiesita- tingly. - The thought was bitter 'enough to him. ' I cannot tell Raymond answered. I shall not come back if'' — he paused as though something was in his thought which he did not care to speak. ' Ray,' said Rocke, suddenly holding out his band. 'There is something yon have never told me.' 1 Yes, there is. But I never thought it worth while.' Then, after another pause, 1 Rocke, are women nothing at all to you ? Do you never expect to be in love ? ' This time it was Rocke that paused before answering. He stood, for several moments with a dreamy, far-off look in his blue eyes. I have never thought of the matter much,' he said at length, slowly. ' I never was in love yet, I am sure.' And he presently added, looking up and letting his face break into a smile, ' I don't believe I ever shall be, at least not until I meet a woman as beauti ful as Blanche there.' (Blanche was Ray mond's horse, a snow-white mare of the best prairie blood). Then he laughed pleasantly, 'So there is a woman in the case, after all. Ray?' ' Yes ; I know a woman as beautiful as Blanche. And I love her — no man knows how I love lier, Rocke. And yet I have no reason to think that she cares for me. But now that I am rich I have a right to go to her, and I must know my fate, If she does care, I shall give up this life for good. If she does not care — why then' — ' Then what, Bay ?' Why, then we will live it out here to gether, old fellow. I don't think I can live any .other life but this, after that.' Little more was said. Two days after, the friends parted at the little grove on the lower Platte. And each, with his hand in the other's promised to come back to that spot a year hence if he were still alive. I must eee you once more, Rocke, even if she accepts ine,1 were Raymond's last words. 1 May be I can persnade you to go back with me.' And though I am sure I wish first of all what you wish, I can't help hoping the girl will prove indifferent, and that you'll come back here for me to cure you of this fancy.' Then he turned Nero quickly, and rode straight away to westward, and never looked back once all the afternoon. Poor fellow 1 When two part in this -world there is always one who feels it most ; and in this case it was not he who rode his white horse eastward to seek the woman he loved. So Rocke Arthur went back to the old life, the life that could never be quite the same to him now. The twelve rnonthe which follow ed were dreary ones to him : but they drag ged themselves away at last ; aud at the year's end eagerly be turned his face east again. And one great dread was in his heart this June afternoon, — the fear that his friend might fail him. Rocke well knew that his friendship was far more to him' in his lonely life than it could be to Raymond, who had so many ties to bind him elsewhere. ' The time was yesterday, — be must be here before sunset to day if be is coming at ail,' he murmed to himself anxiously, as he stood there where we first saw liim, leaning on Nero's shoulder? Can anything have hap pened to him ? I say Nero, do you think anythink could have happened to him ? These Sioux are Buch devils, you know, and as thick as raosquitos this weather.' Roeke often talked to his horse in this way, especial ly when he had no Raymond to talk to. Nero suddenly pricked up his ears, not at "his tupster's - voice, but at a sound which he alone had detected. Then, as if in answer to Rocke's words, he stretched out hiB neck in the direction they were looking, and gave a quick, joyful neigh. What iB it, old fel low ? 1 the young man asked, and looked that way more earnestly himself. Then ail at once he snatched his hat from his head, and waved it in the air with a loud hurrah. Away off there to eastward, two miles away, on the submit of a bit of rising ground, the figure of a horse and rider had suddenly ap peared in sight, and the ray of a sinking sun falling full upon them showed the' horse to be white. It was Raymond on Blanche ! Another instant and Arthur was in the saddle, galloping towards him like mad. Five minutes after this they were near enough to see each other's faces. Rocke cal led out joyfully, but Raymond answered only by a motion of the hand. The two horses uttered a glad neigh of recognition. Present ly Rocke saw the other bend forward and clasp Blanche round the neck ; and then, as they drew nearer yet, he perceived to his dismay that Raymond's face was white as the snowy mane against which it was laid, and that there was blood upon it. ' In Heaven's name, Bay," he shouted, ' what's the matter ?' He was near enough now to see Raymond smile feebly in reply. Then with a sudden swerve the two horses, the white and the black, swept around and halted side by side, nibbing their soft muzzles together in fond greeting. And Rocke Arthur, bending over, caught his friend in his arms just as he fainted dead away, and would have fallen to the ground. (To be continued'). 