Our Story. A True Ghost Story. (BY C.B.) As we were seated round a comfortable fire in an old country house in —shire. England, one winter's night, general conversation died away, and yarns and relating of individual experiences became the order of the evening, when one of the party related his as I give it below, and as I have known him all his life, or, at least, I should say, all mine, I know when any snake element creeps into his stories, and can tell from his manner when he is confining himself to facts and when he is drawing upon his imagination, or deviating, be it ever so little, from the path of veracity. He is very far from being of an imaginative turn of mind, and I am fully convinced of the genuineness of the following. He said :— "Talking of ghosts or apparitions, or whatever you like to call them, I'll tell you of a case that came within my own experience during a tour with a friend through North Wales. "We were putting in a few days at Llangollen, staying at a well-known inn called 'The Hand,' and one morning I was lying in bed, awake as I thought— waiting to be called by the abigail, who always gave us timely warning of the approach of the breakfast hour by sundry heavy-fisted knocks on the door, so peculiar to servants of her particular class, who invariably seem to take it for granted that the occupant of the room must necessarily be in a sound and heavy sleep— when I became suddenly aware of the curtain being drawn gently aside at the head of the bed. Upon looking round expecting to see, possibly, my friend, come to inform me that it would be scarcely worth while getting up for the remainder of the day, you may imagine my astonishment when, instead of seeing any 'form and features, face, and limbs' with which I was familiar, I beheld a form and figure certainly, and of a man, but having no head. I had just time to notice that this figure was wrapped in a dressing gown of a peculiar pattern, and that it held back the curtain with one hand (the right), whilst in the other it held a sponge, when it vanished as suddenly as it had appeared. "I was considerably astonished, because I had felt convinced that I had been wide awake for some time, but now I was just as sure I must have been half asleep and dreaming. However, no matter what state I might have been in previously, I was now thoroughly awake; and was likely enough to remain so, because the distinctness with which I noticed every detail! connected with the apparition, and my having been so positive that I was awake, had fully roused me. I remained thinking over this curious business for some three minutes, when this thing, whatever it was, had the coolness to re-appear and go through the same performance with the bed curtains and again depart. I thought this very funny 'tres bien drôle,' as Napoleon III remarked—or was represented by PUNCH as saying upon one occasion when some one was trying to frighten him by some political move. I considered it most audacious and unwarrantable of a ghost carrying on in such a manner in broad daylight, but I didn't waste time in idle speculations at the time, for, though completely puzzled just at first over what did seem to have something of the mysterious about it, I could arrive at no other conclusion than that my friend or some one was amusing himself at my expense as he thought. I, therefore, determined to be ready for my ghost the next time, and I felt assured the visit would be repeated. I had not long to wait, for though I carefully listened for the slightest sound, either from the creaking of a board, which always occurs when one wishes to move about without creating the least noise, or of suppressed breathing, I could detect none. After an interval of about the same duration as between the first and second visits this festive, but headless, cuss once more came to see how I was getting along, upon which I sprang out and doubled round the head of my bed, which was so placed as to hide the door from view till I turned out, and made for the door to prevent the escape of my visitor, only to discover that I was alone in the room, and that the door was locked on the inside, which was in accordance with my usual practice. The words 'amazement' or 'astonishment' cannot convey any idea of my sensations. I was thoroughly bewildered, and felt as if I couldn't stir 'et vox faucibus hæsit,' which, if I recollect aright, is one way of saying that my tongue stuck to the roof of my mouth. Anyway, it is about all the Latin I remember, so you may as well have the benefit of it, especially as it expresses forcibly and in a condensed form something of my feelings. At all events it was Virgil's way of expressing the condition of a certain party upon one occasion, when he was relating a story of somewhat equal mystification. After a while, when I had calmed down a bit, I had a search round the room, but beyond looking under the bed there was nothing to investigate, for it was impossible for any entrance to have been made by the window without my being aware of it. The whole affair was, therefore, quite unaccountable, and beat anything that had at any time come within my experience of ghosts, or anything else in the way of strange occurences for that matter. "However, when I appeared at breakfast I said nothing about it, and the day passed much as usual and without any allusion to the subject whatever. But next morning, as I couldn't get the affair out of my head, I told my experience to my friend and a Doctor, who happened to be staying at the same place. After listening with attention and curiosity till I had finished my story, the doctor, upon whom it seemed, as I went on, to make a deeper impression if possible than upon my friend, remarked, 'Well, that is very strange— very strange; and not the least curious part of it is that I am connected with the apparition in some mysterious way, and I may as well tell you in what manner. Only last week I had a patient in that same room, whose life I was unable to save, and who died. I was in the habit of entering as quietly as possible and drawing back the curtain as you say with my right hand, holding a sponge in my left, which was generally sprinkled with chloroform, with which I used to bathe the face of the individual, and I will describe the pattern of the dressing gown, which you omitted to do, and you can tell me if it corresponds with the one you saw.' I have only to add that the doctor's description agreed in every particular with that of the gown worn by my obtrusive visitor, and that I have always placed my own estimate upon such accounts up to the present time, and have allowed considerable latitude for the imagination, but I certainly never expected, in my wildest moments, that I should have practical jokes played off on myself, of all unlikely mortals, by a ghost." 