IN THE HOUSE. Last night's preliminary business was what Edinburgh Review Jeffrey would call unmistakably jejune." Mr. O'Sullivan's notice of motion concerning the necessity for producing all the correspondence regarding the reduction and subsequent discharge of one Senior-constable Berry was accepted in good faith, so that the public will soon be in possession of all the facts connected with the quondam policeman's misfortune. Mr. Hutchison, too, obtained a committee of the whole House for Tuesday next to judge of the expediency of enabling those entitled to the franchise to veto all liquor licenses in their respective districts. So determined do the local optionists appear in promulgating their tenets that the time may not be distant when a bottle of whisky may be as scarce in New South Wales as a dress suit among the Fiji Islanders. Mr. McElhone was anxious to learn from the Speaker if the chief of the Hansard staff enjoyed the power of omitting whole paragraphs from the speeches delivered in the Chamber. This practice of whittling down the carefully considered opinions of the people's representatives was particularly hard on Upper Hunter, whose views on most subjects were well worth preserving, if only for their novelty. Mr. Young replied that such discretionary power was next to an absolute necessity, else would the records of New South Wales Parliamentary life quickly fill the British Museum, to the exclusion of all other literature . * a 3 The evening's real business was taken in hand by Mr. Copeland. It was the motion standing in his name, that " with a view to encouraging our agricul- i tural and manufacturing pursuits it is desirable that Customs duties be levied on all imported articles which enter into competition with our own industries." The lines of argument followed by Mr. Copeland, by his supporters, and by his opponents were those so familiar to all who have devoted any attention to the rival fiscal theories of free trade and protection. This is scarcely a matter for wonder. At this time of day it would be as chimerical to expect anything fresh on this economic struggle as to attend a debating society with the expectation of learning some new facts concerning the battle of Waterloo or the Ghost in "Hamlet" To Mr. Copeland it appeared the very acme of short- sightedness to alienate forty million acres of the choicest land, to introduce British farmers for the purpose of settling on and tilling it, and then to let them go to the wall for the want of a little fiscal help in the shape of an embargo on farm produce "White free-trade New South Wales was unable to grow enough to eat, she had to be fed about two days a-week by those neighbouring provinces which, owing to judicious coddling, were enabled to grow more than they could eat. The New England member referred to the late locomotive contract as an instance of as pure protection as any land could show-an opinion which would be pretty hard to refute. It would be pleasant to put such a question as the following to Mr. Copeland, just to hear his answer Suppose a garden divided into six plots, each plot in the possession of a small but industrious lad. Suppose, further, that one of the beds would grow wheat a second barley, a third sugar, c, better than any of the others. What would be the most judicious plan for the lads to follow in order to secure the best return for their labour ? To plant in each plot the seed it was best adapted to bring to perfection, or to grow indifferent sugar in land that would produce splendid wheat sky grain in the plot where juicy cane would come to perfection ? . . . . . For some time Messrs. Inglis, Abigail, and Tonkin were demonstrative in their disagreement with Mr. Copeland's arguments. Mr., Haynes, too, showed some uneasiness, and voiced his dissent in a few pungent interjections. Mr. M'Millan could be observed taking occasional notes, while a Machiavellian smile played upon his expressive face. When Mr. Copeland emphasised the fact that England purchases Australian tin and copper, not through love for her dependencies, but because she requires the articles, it struck most members on both sides that few better reasons for buying a thing could have been assigned. Mr. Carruthers know an old protectionist of 85 years' standing who was staunch in his old-fashioned views, although as an agriculturist he had obtained opulence in free-trade New South Wales. And why was this antique so wedded to the exploded doctrine ? Because under free trade wages were too high, and workmen too independent, in this colony. It was then that for a minute a ripple of sardonic laughter passed rapidly through the Opposition, and Mr. Carruthers was requested with fine irony to proceed in his instructive reminiscences. To do him justice, he required no second invitation, but for full 90 minutes waded through the dismal swamp of economics with an unfeigned enthusiasm, which showed how his heart was in the work. * . . . . This is, perhaps, the proper place for a few observations on the methods pursued in Parliamentary debates the world over, and nowhere more persistently than in Sydney. It is of course no part of a disputant's duty to supply his adversary with arguments, just as it is no part of the defending counsel's office to supply the Crown prosecutor with facts. Still, where a fiscal or a political policy, in which a community's good or ill may be involved, is under review, it would be well if both its assailants and defenders made sure, not alone that their arguments were sound, but complete as well. For instance, one might say, "All roses are flowers; this is a rose; ergo, 'tis a flower." Leave out the minor premiers, however, and away goes the conclusion as well. Similarly with facts, and the inferences fairly derivable from them. When but half the fact is given it may be most mis- leading to found any theory upon it in the House last night, both freetraders and protectionists fairly revelled in these half truths, which, according to the poet, are the greatest fallacies. When a Government supported quoted official returns to show that German workmen received much lower wages than their English confreres, and when an Opposition member met the statement by saying that American mechanics were paid ' hotter than English, of what earthly use was either statement without its complement which of the three, German, Englishman, or American, could secure most victuals, drink, clothes, and amusement for his wages? When Australian workmen received 30s. a-day, but gave 208. daily for their board, in. a glass for beer, and a couple of pounds for a pair of hob-nailed boots, how did they benefit by the tedious trip from Europe except through the likelihood of securing that constant employment denied them at home ? . * . 2 2 Mr. Melville began well by suggesting that if pro- tectionists were fools, lawyers were idiots. He further lingered lovingly on the fact that both legal and medical practitioners, so often demonstratively eloquent in favour of free trade, were the very people to hedge round their own professions with protectionist breast works most difficult to be either proceeding scaled. Let but the member for South Sydney (Mr. White) be consistent in his advocacy of freedom, and he (Mr. W.) would welcome Chinese, aboriginals and the social flotsam or our cities to take their stand beside him as special pleaders in the law courts of the land. At this point Mr. Reid entered, just in time to hear the honourable profession adorned by his talents mercilessly denounced by the now irate Northumberland. When the latter blisteringly referred to men who dressed in petticoats and nut horse-hair on their heads to appear respectable, the force of satire could no further go. There's no denying that Mr. Melville's oratory is occasionally rather wild and bizarre. As a stump speech maker he towers a head and shoulders above all others. But as the elder Pitt, so unapproachable in the Commons, was pretty plainly told that his oratory was but ill adapted for the decorous dulness of the Lords, so it might be said that a person admittedly successful when located on a stool or an in ported cart in the market-place, may have much to learn and unlearn when his turn comes to speak to the assembled representatives of a state. It is in the ore clare artists that Mr, M has most to learn. His effects are brought about by means too transparent to deceive. It is this straining after effect that so much detracts from the success which would naturally follow on a voice powerful and resonant, an energy which might fitly be called phenomenal. As the debate proceeded the conviction crystallised that, however long it continued, the questions of free trade and protection would remain much, as they were. -?-? 