ANgSMERICAN GHOSf STOEY. Mr B. F. Strong was in town the other day, says the St. Louis Globe Democrat, to see about filing a claim against the Hannibal and St, Joe Railroad Company for damage caused by the killing of some stock belonging to him. At one time in his early manhood, Frank, as he is pop* ularly called, was a great later ot the national game of poker, and while here he related a wonderful story of a game in which he once participated. Twelve years ago, while dealing extensively in cattle, Frank made a trip to Avon, Illinois, and there sought lodging at the old Reserve House, now burned. It was late in the evening when he arrived, and accommo dation was limited. The landlord, inform ed him that there was but one vacant room, and this a deserted one, believed bv those familiar with the place to be haunt ed. If this would suit, a cot would be fixed up for the guest. This being his only chance, Strong accepted the situation, and in the bare room, destitute of furni ture, a mattress'and blankets were provid ed. While these arrangements were being made the host explained that some years before two men bad sought lodging in the house and occupied this room. In the middle of the night a pistol shot was heard, and those who rushed to the spot had discovered one of the two companions ly ing dead on the floor with a bullet in his heart. The murderer had escaped by the window. The cause of the trouble was explained by a pack of cards lying scattered on the floor, together with some lose coin, which was found on the table where they had been: playing. A quarrel between two gamblers over their game had resulted in a tragedy. Since then the ghost of the murdered man sometimes in company with other spooks, was said to nightly visit the room. Nothing daunted by the tale, Strong blew out his light and retired. Some time during the night he awoke and saw two ghostly forms seated on the floor playing cards by the pale moonlight, which streamed through the window. For a few' moments he watched them, then feis delight in the game being played over came all other considerations, and he jumped up from his mattress and asked if he might have a hand. Not a word was spoken by the two figures in white, but one of them silently dealt a hand to the stockman, who had audaciously curled himself upon the floor between the ghast'y gamesters, haying not even waited to dress himself. The game was poker and for a time the ante was low. Both pale spirits appeared well supplied frith money, in bills and silver. Without the exchange of a word the game progressed. Finally Strong laid down as his ante a 5dol. bill. All drew, and Strong's bet of 20dols. was raised by each until 280dols. lay on the floor. On a hand of four tens Strong won, Neither of tne mysterious individuals was a scientific player, aad in the course of a few hands the lone mortal managed to run in several succeeful bluffs. For two hours the game had progressed, when, at the crowing of a barnyard fowl, both the wbite-robed personages arose,startled, and sadly withdrew. The manner of their egress from the apartment, Strong de clares, is yet a mystery, as no aperture larger than the keyhole existed. Strong took a pull of brandy to quiet his nerves, and counted over his winnings, which slightly exceeded 600dols. Then looking carefully to his revolver, he placed the money; under his pillow and again retired sleeping soundly until awakened by the landlord's rap. To the latter's inquiry whether be had been disturbed by spirits he replied that nothing unusual had hap pened, This occurrence, Frank said, in conclusion, he regarded as a warning that disembodied spirits ougbt sever to tackle an able-bodied stockdealer in a game of poker. As to the genuineness of the money he had won, ail doubt was dispell ed when on reaching St. Louis it served to purchase a week of fullblown enjoyment. 