Instructive and A m using. Every crab has its own eldewalk. D ye,tuff thinks a cold is caught by one's nose running after it. The tonsorial artist who colors whiskers gets so much pordye ’em. W hen an undertaker was asked if business was good with him he said ho had dead loads of it. A Bavarian named Bachmayr has left all his wealth, valued at 2,000.000 marks, to tho city of Wiesbaden. On the night of 10th December a conflagration in Toleyo, Japan, destroyed several thousand houses. The obscure Arab who invented alcoholic arimulants died moro than 901 years sgj, b a t his " s p irit" still liv s. The Empress of Austria has lubscribed £2500 toward the monument to Heinrich Heine, whicb is to be creeled at D usstldoif. An impecunious actor, who strayed iuto an auction store, called tbe auction: c rs hammer the ghost of Btnquo because it would not down at his bidding. W e ho&r; more or less complaint about whisky being “ doctored." Let them doctor whisky all they please, only be careful that no one has to doctor you for drtakiog it. Lady to clerk: " This tea smells peculiar. Don’t it taste like bay P" Clerk: " I really can't sav, never having tasted any liny." L ady: " I wasn’t certain about that.” Cou..try M inister (lo deacon): “ Deacon, yoa have a reputation of knowing scmetking about liorces. I ’ve got an Hirim&l; that’s balky. W hat do you do i<) such a case?" Deacon: “ I sell him " French painters and sculptor* have no reason to complain of the republic. There never were so many statues and sculptered monuments erected in honor of grcAt men as within the last lOyear*. Fritz married a very uglv girl, and on meeting his friend Rudolph, the former asked : “ How do you like my wife's lo o k s?" “ Jecwhilikins! She must have a lot of money," replied the o&ndid; friend. Several Italian staff officers are consulting withGerrasn m ilitary authorities. I t is reported that their mission is in connection with Italy's undertaking to send 100,<XK) troops (o Galicia in the event of war. Before his death the Grecian pbilopher, Fmdar, iuformod his couatrymen that human wisdom might be condensed into a single sentence : - " The best of all thing is—water." W ai Pindar in the lilk busioEis ? A. B. Simouds, of Youngstown, Ohio, as completed a model fo r a canal-boat, hich wj:j make no waves. H e claims tbat his imeution can be applied to large steamer?, and ihat a speed of 60 m ilts hour can he attained. It is expected that the German Army will be funii»hed with tho new arms of mail calibre by spring which were approved by the Commission which condemned tbe older arm* I t is underatooi (he ntw arms ombody all the rood points of the French Lobrl arm. Uncle Mose met Jim W ebster on Auitia avenue. Uncle Mose : " I heard, Jeem s, dat you los’ bofe ver parients. W hat did yer a it fro m ''em ?* Jim W ebster: Lemme see. From my ladder Jee got dcsc ho&h; crooked log*, an from my mudder 1 inherits a misery io de child." * "Y e s s ir ! ' yelled & preacher in a D akota church one Sunday morning, “ there is more lying and swearing and stealing and general devilry tothesuuare in-li in this here town than a’l the* rest o f the American country," and then the congregation gi-t up an ! dumped tha preacher out of the window. " G o into the room, and bring that cake on the table," said an Austin mother to her son. “ ii'sto o dark ; I'm afraid to to the room, "H o right into that room (his inbtant or I ’ll and bring ont (he strap." " I f - y o u —bring— th e -stra p , replied the boy sobbicg, bring—th e—cake - along too." T il. celebrated coilccli.n of aquac-lle, oFiiaron li. too Seydtiia, of Muniob winch wa. recently offered for publio sale in Berlin, comprised some of tie b elt original* of German and Frenob aquirclliatB between lSSOand 1843 The pam t.eo. were nearly all f.nmcd, and fetched fair, in some instanoe* high, price*. 1 M eant bb a C om plim ent.-S he: And do you still sqnerze up the ladies* fe«t jQ your country? Jfei On the contrary madam 1 That isj a Chinese custom! x* Japan, olwayis aI(ow th e .la d iV fret to grow to quite their full size Not ! (Is ^ delighted B? ylT0.uldc.vo,rriv with his neat a l y ° little “r'. comrli ! meut.) 1 M other (to her boy Bobby, whelm* bean »u*M fighting in the street)i " H e hit ou tin t, did lie 1 Well, you abouldn!t are itruelr lum buck. I W t you re. ember tbo Bible luyr, - I f be .m ite i cllcet t” ™ to l»m the other, lro f Bobby : *• Yea, n.a, bntw bat'a a feller gem (a do when ha set* h it on tho nose? The Celebrated painUcc of Biohard Wouiue, - The L ait Sleisb-ride of K in . Lndwig of Bavaria,-- was puinlod from tile m the early spring o f 1886 at the cpmmand of tho King, and wa* firtt ex. Jibited the same year. The sleigb homes, and altendams are exact repro! ductiotis of the original*, ft0d it jB a faithful representation of Hm unfortunate King as he was wont to appear in hit mountain iaslnesi$s. 'n !° '/le n t to wbioh jute is now cmjiloyod in tko manufacture of teitilo fdbnoB may bei ludjed by the tact tbat one where it i, not mixed with tbo flax very largely, and jn a majority of them i hi U,‘£ “ Ur«1y - t» r . though more bnltle than flax, and neilbor apinnini; o bne nor woaring ao well, it ia ^ if ow price, and, when woveu, is a itrn * ivo enough in appearancr, that wbioh se a. fine gloss commanding, c f course, he highest value from the mazmfaa. urcrs. liowam iridi fcuow S In tbe TtwtMsian Sewt t lleoaubo ■crted forOdflasb, &U; aad sm tii* . i 1 “ **“ w“«i Nweiuuooni UiLnca. BwtovseoomitMi'e «rtificat«asregarda u eo Irani*ttOB) 