WRONGLY SUPPOSED TO BE DEAD. An elderly gentleman residing in tlie Rue Rochechouart, Paris, who was supposed to be dead, has suddenly come to lile. He has a nephew in Paris, v.'ho being duly informed of his demise repaired aj, once to the house with his wife to keep watch over the mortal remains of his uncle till they should be borne to their last resting place. ' The evening after their arrival at the house of mourning, as the lady was tired, her husband sent her to the drawing- room to take some repose on a sofa ; and a servant having placed some wine and broth on a table, he threw himself into an arm-chair in the bedroom and soon went soundly to sleep. On awaking at 4 in the mqrning he found that the broth had disappeared and the bottle of wino was half empty. Bacoming alarmed lie went to his wife in the drawing-room, roused her, and told her what had happened. She returned to the bedroom with him, but the pair had hardly reached the door when they heard a noise. They paused oil the threshold, and to their consternation a voice bade them not to be afraid but to come in. The husband entered the room, but soon rushed out with his hair standing oil an end. He lj.-id seen his uneb's ghost. The old man was sitting,' enveloped in a sheot, on the side of his bod. The supposed corpse had the utmost diffi culty in getting his panic-stricken relatives to understand that he was not dead after all. " I am alive !" he repeated, adding that the preparations for his funeral had not escaped his notice. He had been a lethargy, and, waking up, had helped himself to the broth, which had done him good, Hearing some one approaching lie had jumped into bod, as ho was anxious not to cause any alarm ; but Richard Was himself again. He folt per fectly recovered, and certainly on closer ex umination the uncle's appearance by no belied his words. The refreshments had come in most oppportunetly to restore him, and, as he was much pleased with the affec tionate attention which liis relatives had shown him after his supposed departure from this world, everything was soon made happy and comfortable all round. The dqctqr c.f the quarter had not yet officially continued tho demise of fclio woifchy uncle, who seems to have taken a new lease of lifo. 