THE STORY-TELLER. THE SEXTON'S STORY. IT was in a pretty, old-fashioned, country churchyard that I heard the following story. The sexton had been at work at a little distance, bnt he observed the iuterest with which I had stopped to gaze upon a straight shaft of white marble, on which was cut the simple inscription:— " BIANCA MO IELLI, A-cd 17." They are shrewd readers of the human countenance, these old sextons, and mine must have told him that I longed to know the story attached to that brief obituary. " She wor an Italian,'' he began ; but for the readei's benefit I will translate his queer phraseology into o •dinary English, since I cannot reproduce the queer and quavering voice of the speaker. " I never beheld a prettier girl ;—eyes so big and dark-and shiuy ; a complexion like ivory, and the reddest lips. She was a fine figure of a girl, tao ; tall and elegant, though slight, and the regular blue-black hair that I've heard belongs to that kind of beauty. Her family consisted of an uncle a*id aunt and their son, to wl:om she was erg iged to be married, and whom she seemed to hate like poison. It isn't likely that I would ever have known the family affairs of folks so far above in<>, even in a country place like this, where everything gets talke 1 of, more or less, but for the circumstance that I possessed'a nephew, who was about the handsomest young fellow that ever the sun shone upon. He was as fair as the Signorina Morel.i was dark ; his eyes were blue, like violets!; and his hair like gold ; and, bless you, sir, when these two young people firstsaiv each other it was as clear a case of love at first sight as any other Borneo and Juliet, and just as natural as the flame between fire and tow. My nephew—his name was Reginald, and we called him Rex. for short—was the organist of the little church over yonder, and the young lady sang in the choir—though she was such a grand one. She had a voice like an angel, and she used to say .that G6d gave women such voices to sing his praises! • In that way the two young people first met, and their acquaintance progressed rapidly,- as yon may suppose. The cousin to whom the signorioa was engaged -used to come to church with her. I reckon that Italian fellow loved the girl in his fierce waj as well as he could ever leve anything, though it was thought he cared most about her money. Of course, he was as jealous as a Turk, and if looks could' have killed poor Rex would not have lived long tp be his rival. But neither my brave Rex nor Miss Bianca cared a bit for the signor's black looks ; and then, you must know, the young lady never really agreed to the engagement. It was all made up by her relatives, andshe always declared she would die ' rather than marry her cousin, declaring boldly that she loved Rex Haywood, and would never marry any other man. For my own part, I must own that I often trembled and turned cold at the looks that scowling, black-eyed Italian used to throw at my nephew ; but when I used to warn the daring young fellow, he just answered with a shrug or laugh ; and once he'added— 1 4 This time next year, uncle, Bianca will be my wife, in spite of all their black looks, for she will be ef age then, and that will end the guardianship of as black-hearted a pair as ever had power over an angeL Mow they ever dared to bring her here is more than I can imagine, but, of course, they had some powerful hold on her property in her native land, or they never would have taken the risk to bring her to a free country like this, and then they hoped she would have been home-sick and lonely, and more, easily broken to their will in a strange land. But they didn't count on me, you see," he fin ished off, with a gay laugh. '* It didn't oc cur to them that this country produces enterprising young men." And with his bright face shining with triumph and movement he hurried away to the church to practise some music for the next Sunday. But it was the very different music that he played when the sad day came, for on the very next morning I tolled the bell for Bianca Morelli, who had been found cold : and still and white when her maid entered to dress her for breakfast. This was a Friday, and the fuueral was set for Sunday, and you may be sure in a place like this there was plenty of talk about the sudden death and the hurried burial. But my nephew—poor Rex !—said nothing. He seemed turned to stone, but be played the mostbeautiful music tha€*ever was heard in our church for the funeral services of the girl he loved, and, though they wouldn't allow him to go near the grand mahogany coffin in the church, I took care he should help me to lower it into the grave, and lie stood beside me and dropped a great bunch of red roses down on it as I began to shovel in the,earth. Well, well, my poor Rex ; I hope I never may see such a face of despair again, and as I glanced at him from time to time I felt sure that his would be the next grave I would fill in. It was late that night, and I was just thinking of going to bed, though Rex hadn't come home, and I was mighty uneasy about him, when I heard the click of the door down stairs as it opened and shut, then I recognised his step, quick and hurried, as he came up stairs—not a bit Jike the slow, dragging steps of the last two nights, but even lighter and quicker than it used to be ; and I hadn't done wondering when the door opened, and the next moment he was before me. Wild, haggard, pale as death, and with his great blue eyes almost starting from his head, I'm not a nervous man, but I jumped up, worse scared than if I had seen a ghost. Before 1 could utter a word, for my voice failed me, Rex caught me hard by the arm and whispered hoarsely " Read this," and he handed me a piece of paper containing the following-:— " Rex, my darling if I die, or seem to die, believe them not ! Have me taken from the coffin within twelve hours of iny burial, and all may yet be well. You will not fail me, dearest. Adieu. BIANCA." I read this extraordinary message over more than once before I took in its meaning but as it flashed upon me I saw as well asRex iiow little time we had to lose, and I forestalled his words. "Come on, in God's name," I whispered. " It must be close on twelve o'clock, and as safe as it will ever be for such a work. Fortuuately it's a pitch black night, and all the moon there was has gone hours ago. Come on." While I spoke I found a little dark lantern and we were already descending the stairs, and next moment we were stealing through the churchyard, with my pick and shovel, in hand, which I had caught up as we passed by the out-house where 1 kept them. It was terrible work, but in less time than I had ever used a spade before the newly made grave was opened, the coffiu rifled of its precious contents, which Rex and I carried to our home, wrapped in a huge shawl which I had brought for the purpose. Eh, my. But it was the uncanniest work that ever I did since the hour I was born. We laid the body on my bed, and we chafed the cold, white hands, and listened in vain at the pulseless heart, but I saw no sign of life. She was as beautiful as a figure of alabaster, and as lifeless for aught that I could see; but Rex declared that she was not dead. So, as it was necessaty that I should restore the empty coffin and fill in the grave again, 1 was obliged to leave him there, ou his knees beside her, wildly kissing her poor, cold hands, and calling on her to open her lovely eyes to see her lover by her. But I had no hope that anything but some fearful trouble would come of it, and marvelling and terrified as to what might be the end of the business, I hastened away to the work that awaited me. But they were right, and like a stupid old man, I was wrong; for when I returned the trance-like sleep was broken, and the soul hacT awakened within the apparently lifeless form, and the lovers sat holding cach other's hands, her head resting* on his shoulder, while lie sought to calm the fearful agitatiou which had taken posession of her now that she began to realize the horror of all that had happened. Ah ! that was a brave girl, and a story-writer might fill a volume with her history and all she went through in those few months from the time of her first meeting with Rex till this awful night. But I must cut it short, for the night is coming on. To be brief, then, she had never told Rex half, or indeed a tenth part, of what she suffered with those wicked relations of hers, especially the cousin who wanted to marry ber. At last their persecution reached a point when she could bear no more, and she discovered a plot by which she was to be hurried away to Italy, unknown to anyone, and she knew well that she would never see Rex again in this world if this plan should be carried out. She was in despair. The Italian saw that she had discovered the plot, aod she was immediately locked in her room, and all communication with the outer world cut off. Even her maid was in the pay ot her relatives, as she knew, bnt the girl seemed to love her personally, and, driven to the last extremity, she found herself obliged to make a confidant of her, and to trust her life to the girl's discretion- She proved worthy, and gave her entire assistance to her young mistress. They, concocted the desperate plan, which by means of some mysterious Italian drug, they managed to carry out, with such result as I have described ; and while I was still listening to a story more wonderful than any romance I ever read this same faithful servant joined ns. " I found the door open," she said to the signoiina, "and, hearing voices, knew all was well, and came directly here." But it was easy to see from the young lady's agitation that all was not well; and I guessed that if some change was not coming soon she was in danger of dying in earnest from excitement aud subsequent exhaustion. My mind was speedily made up. I knew our minister to be one good man picked out of ten. thousand, and I was soon at his bedside telling him the whole stoty while I helped him to dress. Never have I seen a man more dazed, but he soon took in the situation, and helped us out of our perplexity. He went with me directly, and within an hour the young couple were married and driven by me (in the minister's one-horse shay) to a distant railway station, where they took the first train for New York, from whence they soon boarded a steamer for Europe. Of course I need not say that Maria, the maid, accompanied them. She had proved herself invaluable in bringing clothes for her mistress, and a box of valbable jewels, on which Rex raised a large sum of money when they reached New York. The next day there was a general hue and ciy over the disappearance of Maria, whom the Italians declared a thief and a monster of ingratitude; but they never suspected the real cause of the girl's running away. All this happened years ago, sir: but I hear from my nephew now that his wife is at length so strong and well that they are going to make their appearance before the Italian cousin and claim the signorina's great fortune which that villian has been enjoying ever since his return to Italy. I don't doubt but there will be a great time over it, but we will be able to prove our story—for there is the empty coffin below there, and the living occupant; myself, who played such an important part, and the minister who married them, thank God, is still alive and hearty. And now, good eveniug, ma'am ; I've my work to finish,Tint I guess you don't wonder now that I laugh when I look at that handsome white marble headstone ! Russia says that she will never approve of a Roman Catholic occupying the Bulgarian throne. In two days, recently, 80,000 Socialist pamphlets were delivered throughout Berlin by women, who did the work so quietly that they were not noticed. An American paper gives a simple cure for snake-bite. It consists of an immediate application of chloroform to the upper part of the tongue, this powerful anaesthetic, it is said having the effect of at once counteracting the most poisonous bite. At a hare hunt given by the King of Sweden recently on the Island of Hveen, 134 hares fell to 40 persons with 466 shots. On such occasions a fine of 6d. has to be paid for every miss, even by the royal personages shooting, the total sum obtained being handed over to the charities of the islands. A gentleman at Edinburgh recently paid all the fines of the convicted " disorderlies," treated them to a substantial breakfast, gave them each Is., and addressed to them the following: " Even as Christ sent not his disciples away empty-handed, neither do I with you. Go your ways and sin no more." The Rev. J. M. Schleyer, of Constance, the inventor of Volapfik, is stated to be acquainted with 55 languages of which he speaks and writes 28. It was after 45 years' study of these tongues that be formed the idea of constructing a language " by means of which the civilised inhabitants of the world could make themselves understood in speaking as well as in writing." 