The Invisible Tailor and ? v. Tailoress. BY AS OXiD CONTlUDUTOn. From the window of the little tailoress otic could boo the windows of Colonel Fontaine's great bouse. As she trimmed her kerosene lamp and its yellow iiaino grew brighter, the white, glittering gaslight Hashed up with in overy room of the fine mansion. Two littlo geranium pots where upon hor window sill. All over Colonel Fontaine's house wero bot-houso flowers in baskets and vases, ond blooming on their parent stems in the con servatory. Two strips of rag carpet, and four painted chairs,and aneigbt-day clock, and a picture of tbo Infant Jesus, and two green plnstor of Paris parrots—these and n table, nnd somo ware on the closet sbelvc3, were all the pro perty, real and personal, of tho little tailor css. One chair in Colonel Fontaine's bouse was worth all her possessions. Every sort of fine upholstery, articles of virtu, carpets that cost incrcdiblo sums, pictures by tho old masters nnd the new ones that were fash ionable, everything that can bo crammed in to a house to make it sumplnous, you found in Colonel Fontaine's. It tc.rr enough to make a little woman en vious. The tailoresa turned down her light, and laid aside her work—it was in no terrible hurry—and went and sat by her windows, looked over towards this fine house, where they foiled not, neither did they spin, wish ing, as many a bard-working woman baa wished beforo, that her lot had been cast in such paths. As she sat gazing and envying, there en tered the room another person. It was the little tailor, husband to tbo little tailorcss. Ho also camo and sat in tbo window. " There ore to bo fine doings there nt Fon taine's," be said. ** I have just been talking to black Sam, tbe waiter. He waits there to-night. Two hundred pound does not spread the tabte. Think of that! " Ah ! it's fine to bo some folks," said tho tailorcss. " Yes, indeed," said the tailor. " Yes, yea, Dolly. Yes, yes!' Then they looked out again in silence. Tho silver stars were out in the sky and a littlo crescent moon ; tho frost glittered on tho branches of the trees along the streets and on tho window panes ,? but the lace curtains only half hid tho splendor within tbat lighted mansion. The musicians were coming — a whole band of them. They jabbered in German os they filed up the steps. Thoy had their in struraents in green baze bags and in long black boxes. " It's plain, there is to be dancing,'? said the little tailor. ?'? Ah 1 poor folks don't get much timo to dance," said the tailores.3. She folded her nrma and looked a littlo cros3 as she said this. Her husband also looked very moody. They had better havo dropped their curtain nnd gone to their stitching; nil tbat splendor wa3 making them horribly discontented. " Only two of 'cm," said tbo tailor. '* They haven't a child." "Bichmcn for luck, and poor men for children," said tbe tailoress. " Now we've got three." , "There's tbe carriage company," said the tailor. Tho carriages were rolling up. Shadowy figures tripped from them, and hurried up the steps. As the door opened, the glisten ing of silk and the flash of jewels could bo seen. " Ah r said the tailorcss, " and my beat dress is only nlpaca." " Swaller tails, nodoubt—all of 'em," said tbe tailor. "Oh, dear!'' " Don't I wish I was her!" said the tailorcss. "Don't I wish I was hiint" said the tailor. " Now if only we could change witb 'em," said the tailorcss. "I'd take tho chances," said tbo tailor. "So would they," said a voice behind them. The tailor and tailorcss turned their heads. A little woman in a black cloak and a red night- cap stood behiud them—a very little woman, hardly larger than n child. Sho held in her hand a broom, and her whito elf locks tumbled all about her face. Her eyes were black, and bright as the frosty stars that were glittering in the sky. " You are surprised to see mc, I presume," said the old wamau. " Well," said tho tailor," not to be uncivil, we are. Folks usually knocks," " I ucverdo thut," said the old woman. " I como through tho key-hole." "Joking I presume, mum," said the tailor.' "No," said the old woman. "I'm a witch." Tho tailorcss got behind tho tailor ns speedily ns possible. '? I'm a very amiable ono, unless I'm vexed," said the old woman, "It docs vex me to see people scared. I'm suro I'm not an alarming object." i " I'm not n bit frightened," said the tailor ess ; "only witches isn't u?unl." " Oh, I don't mind you," said the witch. " You are nothing but a fool. Hero you aro as comfortable as need bo, coal in jour cellar, food in your closet, three rosy children abed in there—you viigfit give them more air, it is true—plenty of work, and all you need, and you sit and fret becauso you haven't all the lmery in that bouse. Why, riches don't mako people happy by themselves, never did, and never will." " You're apparently nn older lady than whnt I am," said tho tailorcss," nnd you had oughter know best, being a witch. But I'd liko to know how a person that wears silks nud velvets every day, and bas never fetched tho water to wa3h hor own hands, nnd goes -out a riding behind her own horse, and is complimented and admired the whole of her life, can help being happier than a (poor little soul that stitched and stitched; since beforo ever she was grown up; that never rode in anything better than the street cars; tbnt counts every sbilliug beforo sho spends it; has bad three children, Lord help her 1 aud has a black alpaca and a bit of gilt breast-pin for Sundays, and niakes-her things last year in and year out. " And not to contradict a lady aiida, witch," said the tailor,'' bow is a man that works at a toiling, moiling trade, and half the time nn't paid at that, and has a wife and three children] to feed and clotbonnd shoe—grum bling over what he gives her at that—to bo contented and as happy ns a fellow that just writes his name to a chequo when bo wants money, nnd drinks champagne and them things J" " A moroconteiited crcetur man never had for a wife," cried the tailor's wifo, bursting into tears afresh. "I never—" " Hold Jyour tongue," gsaid 'the witch. " Come, I'llglvo you a chance to see if these peoplo are really happier. You shall go over into that hoUBO nud take a peep nt its mya. torics, if you'liko. I'vo only to wave my broom nnd you will become invisible. You'll see things no ono else sees, hear things no one else hears, and, If you wish to do so, yon shall nfterwards change ploce3 with them. You shall bo Mr. Fontaine, jvit shall be Mrs. Fontaine, nLvays providing you desire to do so.". . "My eyes!" cried the tailor. "Well, Dolly/" ?-,??-, . "It won't hurt to be invisible, eh?" cried tbe lailoresa, "It's bit like taking chloiofoimj I sup; poBo,"saM the tailor,"-.-?. '?.-.?] "Asrcod?" asked the witch, ? | "Yes," said the tailor. The witch waved her boom. " I feel ns if I was going off," said the tailorcss. ? " Mc, too," said the tailor. In a moment more tho pair felt a3 light as a couple of feathers or two bits of thistle down. Thoy were floating about in tbe air, nud felt sure that no ono could see them. They tried to grasp each other's hands, but there was no substance to hold. Thoy tried to speak, but they had no voices. Still, iv somesubtle and incomprehensible way, they commuciatcd their thoughts to each other, without the aid of speech. They wore in the lady's chamber. She sat all alono there. Her black velvet robe swept over the floor. Diamonds glittered on her bosom and in her ears; on her rounded arms also. She was aburnetteof tho volup tuous style of beauty, her red lips, berspark ling eyes, her wonderfully perfect nose, bcr little cars, like tiny car-shells, .wero beyond description. She bent over a desk; within it lay a picture—the portrait of a fair man in n uniform. She talkedjto it in whispers. " Year aftcryear, dayaftcrday, hour after hour," Bhe whispered, "nnd I cannot forget. Your blood is upon my hands, Jerome. Jly heart is haunted by your ghost. May God forgive us both." There was a sound without—a step at tho door. " Are you ready, madam 1" said a voice. It wa3 that of Colonel Fontaine. Tho lady arose. " One moment," she said. " Ah, if you would but leave mc in peace—if you would but let mc hide myself away somewhere I" " Again ?" ho said. " Come here, madam, I am waiting for you." He did not even set his foot across tbe threshold of the lady's door, and she obeyed him, and passed out into tho wide ball. The invisible tailor and tailorcss flitted out with her. They had just as much curi osity as they had in the flesh. Besides, what did they come for but to listen ? " Do you suppose I enjoy these scenes?" said Colonel Fontaine. " You seem to," she answered. " You seem to, also," Baid tho colonel. "It is all seeming with us. They call us an affectionate couple, Ipresume. They do not know how, sinco I found his letters and bis picture, wo have hated each other." " I do not halo you, Henry," said the lady. "I Jo hate you,"said the colonel. "There is no hideous creature begging in tho streets that I loathe as I Uo your beautiful person—l who loved you so 1" " Ah, my God 1" moaned tho woman. " Why torture mc so?" "lonlydo it when you rebel," said the colonel. "Am I not tortured — a lonely, childless man, with a weight of secretshame upon my sonl 1 You doomed mc to this life, and you shall expiate toe crime. You shall appear before the world as Colonel Fontaine's wifo should. For ten years we bave played tho farce. We shall play it to the last. I quarrelled with him about a game of cards, not about you. I slapped him in the face, and ho challenged mc. But ho knew—he knew why be died, I saw it in bis face as I sent the bullet to his heart." " All j have mercy 1" moaned the weman again. " I have had mercy," said the man. "You live. I killed the. more iunoeeat of tho two. You havo your own apartments, I have mine; we only play our little role of Darby and Joan before tbo world. It is not much punish ment for your crime, and it keeps my name from public shame, Aro you ready, madam l' She bowed. They went down the stairs together; they were', saluted by their guest; they saluted them. The dance went on; the music swept into dreamy waltzes; tho fecst was eaten, the wine (lowed; but tho two invisible guostsjsaw what no one could see with bodily eyes. While tbe lady smiled nnd talked, while she danced, while she sang, one form still moved before her eyes—a phantom, pale nnd fiery—a beautiful young man in captain's uniform, with a deep wound in his breast. Its eyes looked toward her, and seemed to say—"Jlurdorcss!" And the master of the house—what he saw was this: a life that hnd no meaning, a trampled love, a shattered faith, a broken heart. His own. " Want to change with them I" nsked the woman in tho red cap nnd black cloak. "Can, if you choose." " For tho dear Lord's sake, take us home," cried the tailorcss. There they were opposite each other in tho two chair. The lights still gleamed from tho windows of the house over tho way, and carriages were rolling from tho door, " It's queer," said the tailor, " I t's awfully queer," said tho tailorcss, "I suppose it's all a dream," said the tailor. " Yes, darling," said the tailorcss. " Blesaed littlo Dolly," said tho tailor. " I wouldn't be her for a kingdom," said Dolly. " I wouldn't bo him for a world," said the tailor. " Aud how nice it ia," said tbo tailorcss, " to look into tho hall bedroom and see 'em so comfortable—baby between us, and Sally and Kitty in tho trundle bed." " Yes, Dolly," Bald the tailor. "It don't take a witch to tell us that riches by them selves don't make hnppincss. It's better to be honest and puro and ashamed of nothing, than to roll in gold with a wicked secret on ho mind. . ? ? " We'll pray for those poor rich people to night, Dolly." "Amen," said tbe tailoress. 