ÉÉLBOURNE GOSSIP. .-«*> (BT CUB COREKSPONDKNT.) MELBOURNE, Sune 4th. ' Thora was a "madding crowd" at the Birth- day Ball at Government House, on May 25th. It has recently bean announced, from Paris that noir gagne coubtur perd in tbe matter of gowns. This was probably tbe reason every. second matron one saw, indulged in sombre black. The black dresses were, however, relieved by sparkling jet, and were often entirely or partly composed of moire that has certainly taken a fresh lease of life this year. Several brides and two or more débutantes the former wearing white satin and orange, tho latter in conventional robes of white, were to be seen in the throng of gayly-clad maidens. As it was. the first of the season's festivities, most of tho ladies present had thought it proper to dop new gowns, and the result was what tho fashion reporters call a " smart, dress : show.'-' It is " tho time of yoses," both natural and artificial. Roses white, pink, and red, decked tho reception room, known as : " The Yellow Drawing, room/' on account of the colour of its cur- tains dud hangings, whero Lady' Loch re- ceived the 1200 invited guests. Roses and '"chrysantherranls (the latter flowers been pro- nounced by authority chic) besides many oíhér of nature's darlings, both in and out of season, were imitated in tho artificial garlands that were fastened* in .profusion os , the daintiest gowns. Lady Loch wpfe a trained gown of bntteroup satin, softened by filmy lace, and a necklet of diamonds, pearls, and sapphires. The Misses Loch wore lace trimmed frocks -of white liberty silk. Lady Clarke's aesthetic gown was of primrose merveilleux was profusely trimmed with flowers of the samo colour. White bore the. palm. Mrs. M. H. Davies' gown of white moiré with threo pavois and a vest-front broidered with pearls .being a .." thing of beauty." White mbiréi oombinod with silk, : and softened by tulle and garlands of white chrysanthemums, composed the dresses of many of tho Society belles. Only half the great ball-room' was reserved for dancing, the- rpniainder being carpeted iop the óldpr, guests, and for those detestable, creatures thet men- who: ''.dpn't daneë."!,i They mast have rbeen in the ascendant at- the Birthday Ball, to judge by the number of wall- nowersi' 'Í Where are the dahöing-men-gone?"; cry; thé chaperons,' and echo answers, " Where ? "'| ; Signor Tessoro's French Comedy Company ' have opened alt the FrepmaBops' Hall ginoe,! last Wrote, and have been Warmly welcomed by all ¿he meVand jw»!«» amongst us, }who possess, or claim to possess,- that indefinable quality /known as -culture - Unfortunately, they are not many, and the Comedy Company if they have "fit audience;" have "'few/' Lady Loch, who is always the patroness of refined and elevating entérjtainments/ 'épends ' ope evening cf each week at the Freeinaeons' Hall, and brings with her a humber pf fash- ionable people, who do their, best to enjoy an , entertainment,' the mere -viewing ai which Stamps them as beings .of a superior order.. Not being a fashionable person, ' I can give my Unbiassed opinion of the players, and I caii truthfully say that they deserve all :tbe praises of the ; newspaper crïtipsl 'When Partridge pf." Tom Jones " is.. taken to 'see', ¡Garrick as Hamlet, by his hjàétpr he is asked,, after the performance which of the players ho moBt admired. " The King without doubt" was his answer. ' "Iridoedj/Mr. ParfcridgeYV said Mrs. Miller, "you Ure' not of tho same opinion with the town, for they are all agreed that ' Hamlet is acted by the bost player who ever was on the stage." " Ho tbe best player," cried Par- tridge, with a contemptuous sneer, " why, I could act as wallas he myself. I am sure if I had seen a ghost I should have looked in tho very same manner and done just as he ? 'did. And then to be sore in'that scouo, as you called it, between him and his mother, ; where you told ine he acted so fine> why, Lord help me, any man, that is any good man, would nave done exactly the same. I know you are only joking with mo !" Honest: Partridge would no more nave ap- proved of tho French Comedy Company than of Garrick for the Fronen artistes, have this in common with tue English actor, that each of them seems to be the character, he or she represents. " This is not acting," we are inclined to say, as the members of the com- pany appear on the stage and move and speak with the same ease as if they were in a drawing-room. It is life itself." " La Joie Fait Reur," " L'Etincelle," and "Los Ressources de Jonáthas " were the three sparkling little plays I had the pleasure of witnessing. They were played, and admirably played on the night of my visit to the hall to, I regret to say, a " beggarly account of empty boxés." In " La Joie Fait Peur," a charming little play by Madame E. de Giradin, Mon- sieur Marchand one of the leading come- dians, played with admirable tenderness and force the part of an old family servant, who in his paternal care for his employers, reminds us of the domestic of Molieres comedies. L'Etincelle, a witty little play by Pailleron, that well deserved its title, Made- moiselle Dernancourt, the ingenue of the company, who took the part of a simple young girl, acted in a way that made us suddenly discover that comedy is ono of the things managed better in Franco than in England. The ingénue wore a simple white frock and a red silk apron, but the frock WUB made as only a Parisian could make it, and worn as only a Parisian could wear it. The dresses womby the ladies of, the company ara remarkably simple. None of the actresses ring the changos upon satin furs and velvet. They rely upon the attractions | of their finished noting. Les Resources 'ac ' Jonaihas, the third play on the programme, has charmed tho playgoers of Franco for fifty years. Even with a very imperfect knowledge of the FreDch language it was impossible to help laughing at Monsieur Blanchet who played the part of the valet with two masters. His ressources were ex- quisitely funny. In this play we had an opportunity of seeing a " real " French sou- brette for the first time in Melbourne in the person of Mademoiselle Linange. Tho valet and the soubrette sang and acted together with indescribable verve, a verve all the moro to bo admired whoa it was displayed under such unfavourable circumstances. One felt in looking at thom that they had played with ! tho divine Sarah"; They bad been near the rose. I fear Signor Tessero is not likely to pay Sydney a visit. Our theatres aro, ofter all, chiefly filled by tho tradesman and work- ing man. Neither of these would go to see Sarah Bernbardht -herself, rif she discoursed to them in a " furrin tongue." Foreigners are numerous amongst us, there aro five hundred Portuguese alone in Victoria, but nearly all of them beleng to tb.6 working classes. In spite of the incessant imbroglios re- ported by the daily press with regard to the doings of the Exhibition Commissioners those gentlemen must bo- doing their duty in the main, and only indulging in a little quarrelling j by way pf amusement. The huge Exhibition i building is- fast becoming a stately structure. The Exhibition choirs are progressing apace, and Lady Loch has signified her, intention of being present at one of the rehearsals of Mr. Oowen's "Suth."' The members rof < the, choir are to receive very liberal treatment, at the hands af the.Commissioners. Sitting room», cloak rooms and refreshments are to be provided for them, in addition to free passes for the great World Show. The anx- iety to become members of the choir, on the part of our young lady .-amateurs, has boen quite absurd, and there have been f utile at- tempts made to bribe the' conductors, not' with money, but with slighter' favours, to admit untrained voices. . .The conductors have, however, been stern in keeping to their duty, and have bean quite .unmoved by "beauty >in distress."' The erase Cor Bkating-rinks, which' ia in-; creasing, has led, to. proposals being made , to the executive committee of the Exhibition . to erect ice skating-rinks and ordinary rinks in the grouuds, , The applications have been very naturally' refused, as has also been the application of a gentleman. to exhibit as a side-show an .''hairless elephant horse." There has been an animated discussion as to tho advisability of sideshows amongst tho Exhibition commissioners. The decision was arrived.at to have as one of the few side-shows allowed a " switch-back railway." This was, I believe.an attractlve feature at the Manchester Exhibition and also at " Buffalo Bill's Wild West show." Several Australian visitors to London, who have seen this novel and quite American railway, speak in enthusiastic terms of it, and {for those who^ are bored equally by music 'and pictures, it will doubtless be a strong attraction. Visitors ''to the Exhibition àre . promised from all parts of the world, Mr. William Westgarth being reported to be amongst thom. Among the visitors attracted by tho approaching Exhibition, jyho* are already in our midst isjMre. Meredith, author of " Our home in Tasmania." The authoress is a suf- ferer from rheumatism,-, but her mind is as clear and active as «var, and she is still writing and'sketching. Her interest in art and literature is still "keen, and she certainly deserves that often misapplied titi« - "a charming old lady." Sho ¡exhibits nono of tho selfish apathy, so incidental to tho old age of n woman, who is accustomed to be admired, and is unaffectedly genial. Our dramatic critics bare beeb telling us that it ia tho correct thing to admiro Mr. Charles Warner as Hamlet. Many: old play- goers, however prefer the Hamlet of Walter Montgomery, a question that younger Aus- tralians cannot decide upon. Some of ns, prefer to judge for ourselvos, rather than blindly follow the newspapers, and are not al- together ia love with Mr. Warner's dolinatiott of tho character of Hamlet. Charles Warner is always natural and always interesting. He is delightfully natural and free from " staginess " as Hamlet, only on seeing him, the question is apt to occur, " Is this because Warner so completely disappears into Ham- let, or because Hamlet is so entirely absolved tnto Warner ?*' Some of us, who have read Shakespeare with our own eyes, without the guiding hand of critics, find that Mr. Warner, ? though he has an intellectual appreciation and an artistic grasp of the character of the most interesting of the heroes of the Swan of Avon,, is hardly capable of giving a satisfactory rendering of the part. Hamlet appears to the average reader, a . melancholly philospher, a man-whose powers of mind are diverted from action by absorb- ing thought and speculation. In Hr. War- ner's hands he becomes a passionate some- what turbulent and energetic character. Mr. Warner is so brimful of life and energy and I do not tbink he oould be wavering, cynical, indifferent. His display of tender feeling in the scene with Ophelia has boen much praised by tho critics, but wo doubt whether the Hamlet, who sprang from Shakespeare's brain, either felt or showed so much passion. : As Farmer, Allan, in " Dora " .adapted from Tennyson's poem by Charles lïoado Mr. Warner is much more successful ; but "Dora" is too tender and idyllic a poem to bear adaptation for the stage. Tennyson has attempted all styles of political writing with success, except the dramatic. I think you will like Wàrner very much indeed, and will probably como to tho conclusion that his forte lies in the deliniation of strong passions ' which he displays as " Conpoan " in " Drink " and " Claud Melnotte " in the " Lady of Lyons." There is a lull ia high-class dramatic performances just at present in Melbourne, the entertainments of the French comedy company excepted, but as Signor and Signora . Majeroni havo returned to this city we may export to see the talented' niece of Signora Biston again on the stage as " Marie Antoin- ette " or " Elizabeth." i ' Tin advocates of women's rights would have us believe that ladies.no longer look for " tho man under the bod " '^Sid-/ljhat in these, days of automatic protection against 'burglars, fear of the light-fingered gentry amongst women has quite gone out of fashion. Lot thom lay to heart tho following story. A middlcaged lady, tho mother of a family, went to live in a somewhat rural suburb of Melbourne in which, amongst other rustic charms, burglars were supposed to be found. The lady who would have liked to be abovo the weaknesses of hor sex, used frequently to; describe to her household how ene would act in the case of discovering a burglar concealed behind tho curtains of her bedroom. Instead of j. screaming, she would remark calmly, " Ah ! Jane has forgotten to give me any matches " and leave the room to give the . alarm. One dusky evening she wentinto her bedroom. As sho was preparing tb light a lamp she caught sight of^a roan standing at the foot of the bed. I cannot^y. whether, it was the exceeding boldness of the burglar, that multiplied her calculations.- Certain it is that she screamed wildly, ïushed into the adjoining sitting-room and ' fainted - ia the arms of her children. Tho burglar followed her to add one to the family group, and 'turned out to bo pater familias. : The de- cision of tho Victorian Artists' Sooiety^uot tp exhibit at all at the great E^ibitiqn has boen reeeived with regret by all ^elÎ-wisb^rsi to Australian art. However, as' most of the artists will send pictures individually, Vic- torian art will be well represented. Sintiör Arthur Loureirs has sketched wha^^rómúes> to be a- -powerful piotarà^f^^^ppb^âE.,' Bourke with King watching hlâ dJ^jw^LÍ6á(|,V but I fear that if it is Bhowá^^^&Á Exhibition, at all, it will only boj a^a sketch. It is a pity that a national picture, so to speak, could not be shown in a finished condition. The proposal to show ' studies of Buvelot's art in a complete series among the Victorian pictures is ia good pnoj and I hope it will bo carried oatÀ Fou^havfe . beard, of course, of tho death of this veteran landscape painter. Mr. M. H. Davies, who hos just given the Munificent donation of £1000 towards the buUfltog tunds pf tbe bow Hospital for¿Cpn èumptive4iationts,is am instance of a < self* i made man. From being a poor boy, without any very brilliant prospects, he rose " to clutch the golden Rays " . " To mould a mighty state's decrees" And shape tho whisper of the throne." Whether a hospital for consumptives is an institution to be advocated, makes no differ- ence in the generosity of tho gift. It is certain that heart- rending stories of con 1 eumptive patients ^dyin^^n lodgings without . proper care often mflpt ou|*/ears. ; \ Whether I we chould encourage consumptives to come ¡to Victoria by providing an institution for ;tbem, is another side of tho question. Optimist philosophers make a great fuss about the improvement of the human charac- ter now-a-days. But it really seems -when, one roads the daily papers that this improve- ment exists to a great extent in the imagina- tions of these philosophers. A woman of eighty was.recently brought np before a Mel, 'bourne bench of magistrates on "the cliargo of vagrauey. The poor old creature was barefoot aud in rags. Several marriod sons and daughters liviug in comfortable circum- stances, in tho city had refused to support her. One daughter, who makes us réalisa that Goueril and Rogan were probably taken from life, had beon humane enough to suggest that hor mother should be imprisoned for twelve months to prevent her from starving. Thc magistrates could do nothing, such is tho law. on the subject, but send the well conducted old woman to gaol for six months, to ensure her food and clothes. .The story carries its own moral. 