ART SOCIETYS EXHIBITION. SECOND NOTICE. When the eye has bccomo ncouBtomod to the effect of so much colour, and itftor attention baa boen given to tho pictures that more imperatively demand it, tho obsorvor will hardly fail to remark tho way in which tbo landscapes ¡mown group themselves easily and naturally into sections. ?this grouping is, of course, finite irrespective of thoir arrangement on the walls or tho artists' names, and has to do only with tho way in whie-h tbo " fooling " of woro or loss familiar sconos is translated on the canvases. There are viows in which light prevails, and othors cast in demi-tonc« of shadow; still water, and waves in motion; delicacy of touch, and a stiffnoss that approaches heaviness ; bold and sketchy troatmont, nnd microscopically fine detail. There is not a great doal that is very successful in this last, except perhaps in the fruit and flowor pieces, though among tbo watcrcolours thoro aro sovoral examples of careful and elaborate hond l»?_"u The visitor will linger betöre BOHÍO of Mr. J. Mather's pictures that hang in various parts of tho room. This artist puta gentle feeling into his work, and a touch of fonder sentiment that is pleasant te tho eve. A dainty little piece in oils, fancifully named " Tho Weary Sun hath mado n Golden Sot " (No. 131) is a picture of this kind. It is, of course, a sunset scene. Tho sun has gone down, leaving warm tinges of orango in tho oloud-dnft on tho eky, and a mellow glow across tho interspaces. Tho light has gone out of tho dull fore- ground, and out of tbo dim foliage of the treos, but there is a soft pearly reflection on the water, Mid the ghost of a summer's evening still lingers on the landscape, reminiscent of the liRht that sleep* on "soino green afternoon that turns to tho sunset and is loth to dio." This littlo picture is full of a 6oft dreamy suegos tivoness. "A Study: Moonlight" (No. 28) is another view of Mathor's-an aquarelle this one. There is a country road faintly lit by reflected moonlight, shadowy treos, and in the distance a wayside cottage. Tho artist lins painted into thoso simple elements an effect that might ho eerie, and reminds us of ono of thoso scones that aro often Biet with in Australia, whore tho sentiment of tbo place seems to call for n bit of old ruin with its ghost story. Something of tho samo effect is produced by the red-littun " windows of tho cottage in the distance. As a piece of nrlistio composition this little water-colour is vorj* clever. " Laid up for Ropairs " (No. 16) reminds us somôwhat of " A Sheer Hulk " in last year's snow, both in its subject and treatmont. Other pictures by tho ssmo artist are " A Summer Field" (No. 136); " In tho Gloaming" (No. 57), a pretty offect of harmonious colour ; " Landscapo " (No. 51), " Winter, a Sketch " (No. 33) ; " A Swamp " (No. 8),, and a clover hit called "Surf" (No. 3). Looking at tho whole of Mr. Condor's pictures, ono is struck by tho foot that thoir pleasing character is in some dnncer of degenerating into a mannerism, though tho apprehension is discounted by tho different effect ho bus put into tho same kind of work in the picture purobasod by tho National Gallery trustees. All the rest of this artist's pictures, however, seem to bo turned out of tbo same mould-if the expression bo allowable-though tho effect is always undeniably charming. In tho right-band oornor is a picture called " A Golden Meadow on tho Hawkes- bury" (No. 143), which ratbor strikingly *evidencos his tendencj' to be golden, with tho same dashes of bright colour that brighten up the picture previously noticed. "A Shady Hollow by a Dusty Road " (No. 132), though still repeating something of the same effect, is withal a delight- ful morceau, juicy, and rolveshing to the eye in its sugges- tion of a contrast between its cool green grass and pellucid water with the rond which we suppose to lie a little boyuud this last. "To Bicker Down a Valley" (No. loi) is something in the samo style. " Spring-timo" (No 137) is a delicate idyll, tlushod with soft sweet colour, and clear in the orisp spring air. "lea-time" (No. 98) is ohiefly remarkable among this artist's other works in the callory lor the capricious drawing of the fowls shown in the picture; but ''All in a Garden Fair" (No. S<¡) is good amongst his host. There is also a marine view of "Bofore tho Storm, Bondi" (No. Ill), nnd a bright sunshiny bit of "Balmoral Bench" (No 70),showing rippling waves along tho sand, and children plnyingalon? the beach-a bit pleasing in its composition. Besides the fine picture hy Mr. Robert A tensón already noticed, there is a clever little bit of New Zealand character in No. 116, " A Maori Greeting,"' and a »rriking light effect in "An Old Farmyard, Titirnngi, N. Z." (No. 14). The bright tone of this picture stares to an almost uncomfortablo degree, reproducing very realisti- cally the New Zealand atmospheric effect ; it forms" a decided contrast in this particular to the stud}- in oils of "A Flemish Peasant's Home" (No. lol). The two pictures taken in succession show that Mr. Atkinson bas been au enthusiastic student from nature, and a close observer of atmospheric conditions, vaiyiug effects of light and sky, and other details that go to complete the e-ducatioa of the ertistic eye. " St. Helior's Bay, Auckland, N.Z." (No. 83) ia another New Zealand study. Mr. Atkinson is a recent arrival in the colony, and his work in this j-ear's Bhow is full of promise. Mr. Fullwood contributes some good studies besides his more ambitious picture. "Prince Rupert's Glen" (No. 96), is a pleasing view taken on the mountains at Wentworth Falls in this conscientious artist's characteristic style, and his "Sketch near Newport" (No. 30), is a charming bit of watercolour painting. Both Mr. Full- wood and Mr. Frank Mahoney have worked together to produce the picture catalogued as No. 107, called "A Drink by tho Wayside." We recognise Mr. Mahoney's touch in the cattle that stand in natural attitudes drinking at a stream. The fresh tones of colour in the water and in the foliage here are cool and natural, and the picture is one that takes a very prominent place among tho canvases on the walls. It is novel in conception, and vigorous and original in its, manner, and though striking the eye with a certain sense of incompleteness and haste, has all the elements of a very fine picture in its treatment and composition. "Friendship" (No. 134) is another picture by Mr. Mahoney, showing a study of horses. It is in the painting of horses and cattle, and animal life in general, that Mr. Mahoney excels, and his work in this direction is already pleasantly familiar. A water-colour study, " On the Sands" (No. 19) introduces some figures of horses, and it is impossible to look at this little sketch without recog- nising the patient yet instructive observation of tho painter, and his quick artistic sympathy. One of the artists whose work is most familiar is Mr. W. C. Piguenit, whose "Winter's Evening" (No. 127) is a fine pieco of work, though rather too strongly reminiscent of much other fine work of the same character to which this artist's brush has accustomed the eyes of those who have observed the progress of Australian Art. There is sentiment in Mr. Piguenit's work, however, and careful treatment and poetic conception, though it may be somewhat wanting in variety. Signor Arturo Steffani has seven pictures bear- ing his name in the Exhibition this year, and amongst the number are some showing remark- ably good work. Most of Signor Sloffant's marine studies contain clever touchos and the results of close observation, and among the best on tbo walls this year may be named his " Coast of New South Wales " (No. 135). This rather comprehensive title probably refers to a view near Coogee or Bondi. It ÍB a most careful study from nature, wo t.hould say, and is remarkable for the excellent effect of that peculiar emeriild-greeu tint in the curling roller of which the end breaks against a rock in the left foreground, and the pearly tint of the wavo after it has crested and broken into foam. Tbo manipulatiou of the effect of distance is excellent; perhaps tho colour in the rooks is n littlo low intone, and their effect lacking in vorioty. In "Milson's Point at Evening" (No. 126) the BIIUIO artist BhoWK good grasp nnd composition, and in his " Ben Buckler" (No. ISO), "Hoid of Careening Cove" (No. 145), "Neutral Bay" (No. 87), " Careening Cove " (No. 102), and "Head of Mosman's Hay " (No. 122), there is shown a good deal of the same artist's careful and charac- teristic work. One of thoso harbour sketches, showing a hulk lying up on tho shore, and tho pools of water among the rooks reflecting the blue sky, is rema!kable for its very pretty barbour distance showing the ships riding nt anchor, and tho hazy outliuo of tlio distant shore. Mr. Daplyn contributes some very interesting and pleasing work in the six pictures he has in the Exhibition. Perhaps the most noticeable of these is his portrait of himself (No. 84) "Study of a Head." There is excellent portraiture in this picture', which is full of life and character, and, with another intercstiUK study-" A Young Girl" (No. 93) should give bim a good placo among artists who go in for this high class of work. The latter study is one that has a character of its own, quite dissimilar from the other, nnd tho artist, in catching tho impression so deftly, has succeeded in producing a picture displaying au exceed- ingly happy effect. " The Heron's Haunt" (No. 27) is a happily conceived and carefully studied aquarelle, also by Mr. Daplyn, and his view of " North Head from Balmoral Beach" (No. 129) is a good picture, grey in lone and pleasing m effect, and showing considerable skill. A view on the Hawkesbury, too, shows feeling and a good idoa of effect - remarks which have a rather moro limited applica- tion to " In the Bush" ;No. 30) by the Mime hand. The canvas entitled "Sydney Harbour from the Lighthouse," (No. 62), by Arthur Collingridge, is ono of the strongest pictures this artist has given us. The conception is de- cidedly good, the handling vigorous und strong, and nn idea of boldncsB in the composition is conveyed by the great mass of rock flung across the foreground. There is a feeling of atmosphere in the picture, although of a bleak and somewhat wintry kind ; the reflection of the evoning sky on the water' and on the rocks is effectually reproduced-perhaps a little too much so so fur as the rocks are concerned. It would almost bo rather to criticiso n good picture harshly to say that gome might consider tbo sky hard, and wanting in an impression of distance and furawny effect towards the horizon; but any difference of opinion on this subject will scarcely affect ' tho judgmont on the'general quality of the work. Two studies of "Morning"' and "Evening" effects on tho Berowra Creek, Hawkes- bury River (Nos. 56 and 61), aro not so cood in their smaller way, the olfect is not a pleasing one in either, and the arrangement of oolour may seem to cer- tain eyes somewhat injudicious. "King's Sohool, Parra «--»taPark" (No. 81), has nothing very distinctive about it "The Ferry" (No. 91), and "The Giant's Castle, Berowra Creek " (No. 115), oro both in the nsnal stylo of the artist, who seems to have put his best effort into the conception and treatmont of tho first-named picture. Mde. Roth always does good and careful work, and her six exhibits this year form no exception to this rule. The best of this lady's pictures is her "Cottage near Five Dock" (No. 119). which has a good deal of the feeling of a sketch from nature; it is broad in treatment, nnd its ¿rey tone is lightened up by a happy touch oí i- i,*£«înînp n restin" point for the eye. The material but the treatment is thoroughly artistic in its wuv. "Chrysanthemums" (No. 14-t) is a charming bit of colour. Tho brown tone of subdued richnoss in tho background blonds with and marges in the hues of tho_ flowers without any sonso of harshness, pro- ducing a delightful harmony of colour. Tho desifrn for a door-panel (íín. 142) also contains good work, ns well as tho decorativo design entitled "Spring" (No. 15), showing a graceful fcnuilo figure in i a light Wattoau-liko costume. Both of thoso studios uro examples of tho unconventional decorativo art, in which, of colimo, certain departure« from tho strict canons aro admissible. " Kingfishers " (No. 21) is ii vivid picco of colour in the flowers and life in the birds. No. 94, "Bush Flowers," is a oaroful study and pleasing in effect. Mr. R. Godfrey Rivers is not quite a stranger to the Art Society's exhibitions, but this year he is more largely represented, and some of his pic- tures show some exceedingly creditable if somewhat con- ventional work. " Travelling in tho Bush" (No. loft) is most cnrofully done, tho porspectivo of tho bullock team and waggon boing oxcellont, and tho draw- ing very accurate; but the t-cenory is not Australian in character. Tho sky is too heavy," the groen too green, the road too heavy, aud some of tho details not true. Yat tho picture, as well us its companion in tho snmo style on tho opposite wall, will striko tho obsorvcr as an excellont one if bo can only suppress tho titlo in his imagination and chango tho point of view. Tho samo artist's view "On tho Liverpool Plains" (No. 148) is opon to tho siimopmiso and tho simo objection. Tho picture is a good one; but tho artist has failed to reproduce tho starinjr clear sky, and his too - bright yellow landscape would bettor fit tho titlo of tho picture, und bo moro truo to tho parched nppearance of tho district tho artist bud in his oye, had he reduced the tono somewhat to u moro subdued dust colour-the colour of tho parched soil, in fact, bomo tussocky tufts of faded grass recover for tho ob- server much of tho effect which tbo artist has lost m his tone, however. A picture which will find favour with many people for us tliorouuhly English character is No. 147, by Mr. Rivors. Tho title is given in tho linos from au old song : - And this it was that mado her sail, The stilo was there, but not the bid : and thoy convoy well enough tho sentiment of the pieturo of a rustic English girl leaniug hy a stilo with an air ot weary expectancy that tells its own story. " Gracto and Nora" (No 153Í is also a plousant study, by Mr. Rivers. Mr. George Ashton only sonds two pictures,-" Before tho Sitting" ¿No. '¿1), and "After tho Sitting" (No. 39),-both skotohes in nn artist's studio. Both aro full of Mr. Ashton'« peculiar character ; tho flesh tones in tho former uro rather harsh, hut thoy aio handled with skill and t-omo vigour, und illustrated by tho happy littlo urtiRtic subterfuges of which this artist is so fond. Tho bric-a-brua of tho studio in No. 39, and tho .bright lights of scarlet toned off against tho rest of tho colour, aro vory happy. Mr. J. W. Suycr, now of Melbourne, sends two clever pictures. " Corio Bay-A Winter livening" (No. Ml) is perhaps the belter of tho two. It shows a sunset in harmonious colouring, having tho suggestion of atinosphero and a mat-kod feeling ot evening effect. In tho distnnco is seen a picturcscitio bit of tho town of Goolong softly roliovad against tho feeble resistance of n gray sky. Tho other pieturo is " Tho Gulf of Bridcowator, Victoria " (No. 117). and though not exactly equally good, is in its own way a successful pieturo. 'Ihe two marino pieces at tho east end of I ho room aro by Messrs. P. F. S. Spenco and Will A. Ker rospectivoly, -"A neavy Swell, Bondi" (No. So), nud " A South- easterly Galo off Bondi" (No. SSj. Tho latter is not nearly so good a picture as " David Gollatly " (No. 46) by tho samo hands; it is faulty in perspective and crudo in execution, and a poor'attempt on the vvholo at a storm-effect, which has resulted morely in inartistic exaggeration. Mr. Spcnco's work is rather belter. The locks striko one as unreal, but thura is a vvuvo that stands for caivful study, and tho swirl und foam of tho surf in tho foreground is well suggested if not exactly pourtruyed. Thoro is a littlo stiff- ness in some of tho water, and a lace-liKo effect in the foam, but the artist has evidently been painting some- thing ho has Been, ona would think, and not u mero pot- boiler from niomory. "A Rainy.Day" (No. 4) and "A Study of a Cal" (No. 41) havo littlo character. Bosidos his portrait of "John Mardon," Mr. J. A. Bennett gives us two moro clever little portraits, of " Maurice Aron," (No. 05), and another unnamed (No. 75), besides a very poor and crudo view of " Unshipping Cargo, Dibbs's Wharf" (No. 90)-a painful effect ot garish newness and " hard unintelligonco." " The Furze Gatherer" (No. 138), is a good figure study with au inadequate background ; and soveral other pictures by tho same artist (Nos. 76, 77, and 97)-present nothing very distiuctjvo or specially good in their treatment. The ooutrost betwoen Mr. .Dennett's high standard in portraits and that of his laudscupo sketches is a marked one. Mrs. J. A. Bennett has souio very successful groupings of fruit, brcudj aud choeso, which aro real in colour if ratbor stiff. Mr. Smedley has a picture of " Bradley'» Head " (No. 10) that presents somo extraordinary effects of colour. Mr. George Collingridge has sovonil landscape views, showing great nttcntion to detail, and one particularly protty little bit of Alfred-street, St. Leonards. Besides thoso named of Mr. Charles Hunt aro the brigbt-colo-ired " For- saken,''and " Honeymoon" (No. 139).lgivinggoodtroatuient of tho grape-loaf and vine and foliage in tho background. Miss Devino has a characteristic study. Mr. W. Lister sends three thoroughly English scenes, and Mr. Minn shows fairly good work. Mr. Neil sends something te testify to his natural ability and amateur love for art, and the* work of Mr. Commons is bright in colour, und shows considerable promise. None of tbo other pictures exhibited are entirely without merit, and the exhibition as a whole touches a high stuudard for local art. 