MELBOURNE. ',-••;'!;!: ••.-^i'h::- .-. . . May 22: ' CpRHESPOKOKKr ] Tliese words.of deep irony, :" theriytp /rnbet:** for been';pro- - ciniihod- iit la^t, and- Minister 'biitiug .is to .be resuine'd.;6'n' ;the , hinefceerith of June.,. - From three . weeks.; tq; .a; ;mqiiih:,will'!tji!en "jtelwiwU'- fortably. wastedvintdis'ciissihg;^ '.in' ! P]y,' varied by,a. wari"t:;of confidence motion 'order to'.get. th'e; bpinibri of "tIie',Ho"use!qti the Cliinese question, and also probably a special yoterbf.waritof cqnfiden'ca.iii .Mr 'Oow. .whose; adniiriisferatibn .of the Lauds and! Agricultural Departiherit has .given ;.ariythirigrbut>sa tio:i to country members,. A skirm'sh over the sessional orders should -then. be-;f>vliowed by a general ill-round waritLof icbiifid'ericu. motion totsst the Ministerial Corner, arid 'by- that time July will be well advanced,:an<i Mr. Gillies will be allowed to iriake'ih'is Budget statement, -and ^introduce , the Tariff ^.Bi'll. MeiiilKra''irill-teq<i{ie ii$&gtsa; "fortdl^hk'i.'tltne to think this rover- arid : consult their constituents ;'. and- the.', members•' of ; the "'trades affected;' and .'this ..will give Mr D 'aki'ri'an opportunity to bring in tho Ele'ctbrai Bill, and then all the.fat will be inthe'-lire "arid "nothing else will be thought of; Next there will bi an adjournment in cnnsquence of, the opening of the Exhibition, and .the festivitta connaeted therewith, and this -will > biiiollo'ved"'; by some good pldrrough .and. tumble stonewalling, and! all.,night;sittings,; just.to shoiv our guests, frbin foreign.!, nations .rlibw.,;we-,run Pariiameritary.. iristituti6ns,in.!y:ictpria. Finally, in rdisgust,' _ .aubther. wasted ;session, .members, will iusisty,;iripon1,.'a.,.^^prorogation! in . order, that they may get' to the' ebuntry arid,have, the worry over, and the'people will be left very much as they were-at the end of last session, with the status-quo .ante, helium faithfully preserved. -Sir -Biyan used -to say'there'-was nothing like a ypte of" want of confidence to open's session with it m'adb'things go'so much'! brisker, and this year' motions of that character- are-likely.-, to come not as single spies, but' 1 iri battalions. At .the commencement of the contest for the Melbourne Province,,. Mr Byrne's.supporters • were the better organised, and were working much- .the- ;hardest, but - their candidate b-is damaged , his* own .chances day, by day. Altliiugh' Mr Byrne "enjoys the reputation of, being the .man that , put out .M'Uulloch, and gave,.Mr Berry.his first/Ministerial.seat, he is riot a'success njpon the platform. He'hasa. cramped, style .of; ispeaking, ss if .he wiisn't' quite certain of what ..he; was: going .to, say, ahdr,he, appears ,to . be so haunted . with , the :gho'sts.,of> the ..past,that his.head; hasn't room to cmtairi anything -connected with the active living politics of the present. His.addresswas a revival of the opinions he "held in 18S4," arid he. has followed this up by issuing a handbill, wbich is -a leprint of an article in the Age, styled an historical survey of the national effects resulting from the- operations of the systems of , free-trade ..and ..protection. All through the contest he has acted" as though he could not, disabuse-kiiuself of the impression that ,wc . are . still in "the sixties arid the seventies that there has been progress.,. in ... p .litics • since Crownlands rejected him in 1859, and that the battle of freetr.ade and protection has yet to be fought. A gentleman who bases his to sit in the -: Council,'.on his support of the principle of Protection, his desire'for.a free breakfast table, and..his conviction that everyone;shbiild receive a,fair week's wages for a fair week's work, cannot be deemed, a wideawake candidate. It would have been better for him had the fates "allotted to him a guardian of his slumbers, similar to th-it granted-to Birbarossa, who is fabled to bs still iu'his caitle'of Tlmriiifeii, where he is likely to snooze for a few thousand years more. Occasionally he wakes, aud asks "ii it time," but the guardian voice always replies "Not yet .sleep on." There is a little story which most folks remember, about certain boys who mocked the possessor of a physical infirmity, and the bears came out of the wood and eat up those boys, which, as. bears are not as a rale actively ear-" nivorous,, .was: a most remarkable thing 'for them to do. All history and literature teems with Instances of the retributive .punishments that have fallen iipon people .who make a scoff at the misfortunes .'of others, and a very remarkable instance of this kind of.Nemesis, has befallen a member, of tlie Yiclorian Parliament. Last session, Mr Deakiu who always over-works a physique, not naturally very vigorous, snffered froin an impairment cf eyesight which compelled him to wearooloredglaseS' to modify the friction influence of light. Characteristically Air Gaurisoa always made a sport of tliis infirmity," and was accustomed to address Mr Deakin as "gig-lamps " to tell him " to take down those shutters," or to remark on the floor of the Assemb'y "that anyone could.observe that the'Chief Secretary couldn't see as^far as friost' 'people," and indulged in ; other insulting reflections of a similar description..^ But now . the bear^ have oome out of the woods, and infirmity, 'has laid a heavy hand upon the eyes of.the scoffer, who isooinpelled to screen them with the very glasses he derided Doakin for wearing, while if he is not careful the sight may wither f:o:n them altogether. The greeting's of memb-rs with t'ne Premier are beginning to have quite:-an '- Ave Csesar moritiiri tc .salut^nt -'.char.icter, arid it is' but poor cousolation to know tint Caesar may be . himself extinguished by his own El-ctoral Act. At street meetings there is a sense of solemnity now .11 the hand shake. If secret tnoughts were spoken thev would run thus—"How are vou, iG-jrdon.- I suppose we shan't see- vou/ after next session, or—-'sorrv you are going to , leave us. Murphv. or—ah I well Audrows. wo'" shall jmss your, stately form, .but we can't be. all in--it -you know." Generally speaking, members are so agitated about the Electoral Bill and its possibilities, that they cm talk of . notlnng.else.'-although an rim Tessiou is gam-" lng.grouiid-thatthe.number.of.memaersrmthe- Assemblv will be increased by-it to something much nearer one hundred ill order to prevent too great a massacre of the innocents whose constituencies fall to come up to the unit of population. , Anvmcreaseof the As-emb;v -will, naturaliv; be sobieoted to bv the , Council so that it would require a good deal of engineering to get a clause of augmentation through. Another point much discussed is-the, representation,of Meioo-irne: and suourbs which if allowed the number of - representatives thev .could claim on -a population basis would swamp the votes of the couutrv representatives. It is whispered that when the Bill is flungupon the table for members to wrangle over that a determined attempt will be-nnde'to have Melbourne ;aud,its euvirons treated as a single electorate,, returning a -specified numbar .-of': members not necessarilv the number it; would be . entitled.-to.•: . Ihis it is thought would.give the capital .an opportuuitv of havingits lacs iri numbers of representatives compensated for by., their talent as such a system, would belikely- .-to secure a larger numb- ir of Liadmrr and able >men as metropolitan representatives, than the existing local-.voting-^one permits. The idea may not be unfavorably regarded by the Government, one; of. whose .members, ,Mr Wiixon, has several times -advocated in-his', place in Parliament.the.expediency .of-making the whole colony one single-electorate in -.order to. induce "the; beat-men itoontains to submit ; themselves -• to a general suffrage of the electors. . , . I told your readers a week-or two.back.that Mr Joseph Thompson, .the well-known biok-;- maker. contemplated a trip to-Europe at-an early date, and that he-intended, to take Miss Leah-Thompson jwith him 'in order that- she might undergo a complete: course of 'musical instruction.. It turns out that the trip is to be made'.earner, ."than was expected. Already Don' Juan House and its -.migmficent fur-; niture are: advertised for - sale bv • auction Die history, of Don Juanr;House atself is an interesting one. :,Mauv people of a non- sportiiig .turn.of mind or -strangers-to the-icolonyj have-been puzzled to connect tbe name of. Bvron's ; frisky .hero.-with .the horses' heads adorning the gate posts of the house. - Had they lived ,here many »y.ears ..ago. thev would, have remembered that the bulk of'the Thomp'; sonifortune was.-due'to the winning-of the Melbourne Cup :by Don Juan; ione: of :the; 'best . horses rseen. on the colonial turf. I remember a r little meeting that took .place at the, c:ub ,rooms ..between r,the-owner -and, trainer a few days before the race,.when it was!, thought that the Don bad gone hopelessly,, rwroOg-- "To-Mr Thompson therhorse's inability to rable 'start -meant 'the - certain loss rof miny thousands Mf -rpounds: - He had shoven. such,- eood form-at Caulfield that, bar_accident. the s -Melbourne^Cup seemed a gift, -and.here that accident-liad ihappened... ,Long.>and, earnest,, was the discussion,•,'the;outcome.-of,' whicn was i to'rpersevere with him; hofe thatqjerssverance! resulted:.eKer.y;-;spor,tingi.maa''knows., ;,->Bv5 goodness"^Noi l'^onit- think--after all-it-was!; '•goodness;he- 'exclaimed- ".'• 111.-.build :a. houseft , ,'said;®iompsOn"'!v:ind , ,,Wl stick 'hishead al! over it and c ill it Don Juan. . An-1 -he k'-pt-hifiiword'to the tunerof a good manv : tiior,s-Uids and ,now,revervoner ls-iwondermgr 'how he can find -jt-in il::' hear! to sell it oft. md with it all the -beautiful thm?s that oamej from^he Yienna ana-Pans Exhibitions-:.-.v : vf ' -I' have -been favored -with , ,a-,,,look at--.the; adviiuce'sheet.ofT" Victoriaand>its'metropolis.'''i that lsrto,make.its,appearance ,at, the opening.; of •the -Exblbition-orrasrsoon after ,as practice; able: The-rwork, ::a-ihandsom3,^nei.;is to. ^ bound.1utfull3?rench'moroeC'j:;the .whole-of .tlie: bmdmg -,'r takmg r ''6ome-?;--900-; r skms.r It to be-: 'diyided: -aato fwo ; :v.0l0Tties each of some ,650-:pages.-: while tne book itself .is ouarto size. rThe lirst volume is: devoted-to' the^arhestlhistory-''ofi;the:;cobn5'i'deseriptjye;: elates- idone-?by,rHn,:,arti8t,'specially, .-impjrlredr •3rom!fflarpbra:®IagazihB;3ccompany3he4etterr pre s The^Wer 4dited by M Alex' sSniilJ5rland:=iinS;oontribui;ed.to:tby,'BaronrYun siiterarv: ^entlemenK«quaUy'5:well-kuow,iv,', ini 'SKlbourjiefsrv-Some^granhiaiiscenes,- are r^ lng glimpse of Tambo Ri e c nery In •view £ o ent^ nd-b om pie'tufe •it the tftst laud sale held IU 'Melbom-n- ^ interesting llie publisher tell me th t they iava3'alteady;vsecuredis:S00Q&ubsotiborsr;:iiand: ^ese'.ancluder^ianyi<.ofai.ur^foremost, .squatter' fkiu^.-wfav|iose^esidences;*,^estlKfbve:micely; executed photouraplis.;app'eaTyan-the' -second Volume % jJThei^U e ,at,s?em- iSe;|ifiot satiM WhJ the .nu'tojmeof-the Rippiport -case, "tmd ale '4 jtei mmed "to -take Jfh6"3n xter Artl er It ^jlttbesft'.emeifibered#hOT'S®wj'Otel5>)me:^ av.erS!saakingJsirSnUous^fforitsAo*Si!iKC:fthe: anatter^uaibeaifeMhenihe'easeswas,dismissed; ^•jAron^medicflAjsti^ny^yseempiJi'ifa^ t!u' the 1 fix a deSniie date -for these ;affairs, but. the fa.ct is th.at:the. thousand; arid.'on"e."thirig's"to be rdo'ri'e at the', ;'startmultiply i-ita ten's of thbiis-.. ands as the opening .time- approaches^ .-.Arid for,these, no,provision could be made. -Still there is a rumor .a!hroad that , riiuch . time has beeii lost "in bickering and disputes by . the comiiittoe .'amongst themselves, and.that there are. mie or'...twoMneiribsrs ,\vbo : have too much dignity to . m>ke good working. Jbess. "These" arealways to be found in" a,ny public undertakings,'and .they prove, themselves great hin- , drauces 'to quick progress,' And the worst of.- : it is. that these".are thb ye'ry. meri;.who"-will be" sure to' absorb the large share 'of. any honours.. -that , riiay be consequent on our " Great. 