NOTES IN PARLIAMENT. It is a frequent complaint ntnongst glib- .tongncd political pessimists that this colony suffers from a woeful lack of tho genius of true statesmanship. Tho present Govern ment according to these fliounnt philoso- phers is but a one-horse concern. The Premier is the oniy one of them capable of taking n statesmnn's view of tilings. All the others are merely political clerks. Against every Government this is alleged by its enemies, the only difference in the form of Die complaint being tlint sometimes it is denied that the Premier is any more of n statesman than his colleagues. All this shows how ignorant the public are of the great political reforms that Ministers nro every day silently working in their midst-. Who, we would like to know, accomplished tho brilliant Governmental stroke of putting out the fire in the public schools and so saving the cost of the wood and coal, not to speak of lucifer matches. Did that emanate from the mind of a poli tical clerk 1 Turning again to the Postal De partment the work of the statesman becomes equally manifest. Before proceeding to the business on the paper last night, Mr. Hnrnes, by a question to the Postmnster-Genernl, made it clear that this branch of the public service is riot always under tbe guidance of any ordinary man's brain. Recently it was discovered that even letter-carriers were not always above temptation.- They were of muolt the same flesh and blood as politicians or night police men. Some of them had been caught putting letters, supposed to contain money, into their pockets, instead of delivering them to their proper nncl legitimate destination. But if these postmen were smart, they found tbe Postmaster-General smarter still. It did not take him long to formulate a policy for preventing dishonest postmen from pocket ing other people's letters. An edict was at onee issued forbidding postmen to have pockets in their trousers. That circumvented them in a singlo not. It was quite clear that they could not piit letters into pockets unless they had pockets to put them into. A less cute lnttn than the Minister who conceived this postal policy would have tried to achieve tbe same object by engaging honest postmen and leaving their pockets alone. He might have interpreted " Thou shnlt not muzzle the ox when be treadoth out the corn " to , imply thou slmlt not sew up the postman's breeches pocket when he taketh forth tho letters. But tho Minister who initiated this reform believed in no half measures, Postmen steal, letters, but the Minister was determined that while on thoir rounds they should not pocket them. Wo hear of no such diamond-cut- diamond cases os postmen wearing two pairs of pants with' pockets sliiy ddncenled iu tlie uiiddr ones, from which we infer that the Minister had foreseen ail possible contingencies and taken adequate precautions against them. Mr.' Hayhes asked Mr. Roberts whether it wns his intention to restore the postmen their pockets, seeing that the men Were not felons. ' Mr. Roberts could hot say that lio would. These questions of State policy couiti not be answered off-hand, -but he Would give the matter deep and earliest consideration. His decision will be waited for with interest. If it is wise policy not to trust the postman with a pocket in his trousers, we doh't see '.why the pian would not work equally wcil if applied to members of Parliament. The public may And that there aro millions in this idea if properly carried out. After this question was put aside the night's business commenced. Tip till tea the time wns occupied With discussing a bill to prevent the sale of diseased meat. In stating his intentiozi to introduce this measure before closing the session, Sir Henry Parkes some time ago said that there were grounds of special urgency for passing it into law without delay. In moving the second reading of the bill, however, these grounds were but very scant ily set forth. Mr. M'Elhotlc, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Brunker -and others more or less versed in the subject deprecated any scare in regard to the vend ing of diseased meat-. They were not averse to legislation to prevent meat unfit for food or dangerous to heaith from being sold, but denied that the Premier's bill would effect that object. It wouid punish innocent per sons and render any man who owned a beast liable to two years' gaol, without any inten tion on his part to sell diseased meat at all. The feeling of the House was plainly against the bill in its present form, and on the motion of Mr. Brunker its consideration was finally postponed. The Conditional Purchase Validation Bill has all along been a sore temptation to Mr. Abigail, aud how he has managed to sit still with such a measure under his politi cal nose was a mystery which puzzled everybody. Last night, however, liis Minis terial tether could not hold him, and the House was treated to tho singular spectacle of one Minister at the eleventh hour going for a Government bill and another Minister, so to speak, collaring him. He had the stuffing knocked out of one of the cases before his colleagues knew that he had got loose, and a charge of goodness knows what well under weigh against his colleague, the Minister for Lands. Mr. Gurrctt at once pounced on him, telling him he knew nothing of what he wns talking about. That may be. But at the same time it is not in nature for Mr. Abigail to go through a whole session without getting something to tear up. He can't move the adjournment of the House to briug a charge against a private member, so what is lie to do 1 Perhaps it would be as well if an understanding were come to to let Mr. Abigail have a week on the Opposition benches before the close of every session, with the free use of his politi cal limbs. Otherwise is is hard to say what will become of him. He must have exercise, and if lie is cramped up much longer we should not be surprised, after last niglit, to sec him in sheer desperation getLing up a charge against himself, as Minister for Mines, on the principle that a black eye is better than no figlit. The further consideration of the Estimates came on nfter tho Validating Bill. The item for tbe protection of aborigines evoked a long discussion, as it invariably does. There was the usual complaint of uri- pnnctnality in the doiing out of the annual blanket, nnd the usual philanthropic sug gestions as to setting the blackfellow up ou a 40n. farm. This went on us it does every year for a considerable time, and wheu the matter was done with Mr. Copeland moved the Chairman out of the chair with the view of challenging Mr. Mitchell's seat for Newtown. He moved that the sent be referred to the Electionsand Qualifications Committee because it had just transpired that a Mr. ,S parkes, alleged tout for. Mr. Mitchell, had paid under legal threat £30 to Mr. Chalmers, described by Mr. Copeland as "a resurrectionist " for professional services in raising up dead voters. It was a curious charge, and tbe only pity is that it was not founded on some more specific basis. The House had no evidence that the money was paid for political body-snntch- ing, argued Mr. Garrett-, who at once sprang forward to Mr. Mitchell's defence. It might have been given for cab litre, lie sub mitted, witli nn assumption of innocence that was quite touching, Of course it might ; though why a person from West Sydney described as a "resurrectionist" should spend thirty pounds driving about in cabs for Mr. Mitchell's benefit is not very ccsy to conjecture. Mr. Garrett said he did not even know that the gentleman named was a " resurrectionist," nnd wa3 amazed to learn that Mr. Oopolnnd lind taken such pains to know where to put his hand on an cleotioneeering artist of that kind. Besides, had the ghost not walked for the other can didate? This was simply bluff. It does nothing to disprove the charge made by Mr. Copeland, tliat agents of Mr. Mitchell had used improper means to secure his return. The charge was vaguely and loosely drawn, but at the same time the Elections and Qualifications Committee in dealing with a matter oE this kind aro supposed to use their common sense as men of the poli tical world. It is a pity therefore that the Government so vehemently and in such offensive terms objected to having this matter sifted in the interests of rnrliamen- tary purity. 