Fun and Fancy. ' Do you believe in ghosts, Mr. Keepemin ?'' ?' Ghosts ': Spectres? Phantoms':1 Well, I should say so. I've been a Civil Service Commissioner for nearly six years.' Old ledy (stopping open street car) : *' Ye don't allow no smoking on this car, do ye?' Conductor: 'Certainly, madam; take one of the back seats. Step lively, please.' Grandma is pretty well on in years, and Time has left ilia mnrfcfi in tnanv iv)*inlrlpa nn liar ftani* rAA ftinn l.iHL- Lucy was sitting in grandma's lap the other day, and after a Ion?, inquiring: gaze asked: ''Grandma, what make* your lace all so mussed up?' Ed: 'Do you love me, Lena?' Lena: 'I think s.i I dream of you every night.' Ed : '' What is your dream?' Lena: ' 1* see you in Tiffany's— looking nt diamond rings.' Teacher: 'Have animals a capacity for affection:' Class: 'Nearly all.' Teacher: 'Correct. How, what animal possesses the greatest attachment for man ?' Little Girl: 'Woman.' ' Did you know,' said a cunning Gentile to a Jew, ' that they hang Jews and jackasses together in Portland?' 'Indeed !' retorted Solomon, 'den it ish veil dot you and I ish not dere.' Something he Could Do. — Young Tiffles (faint-hearted) : Just think, angel mine, how poor I am. Why, what could I make of your' She (bravely) : ' Well, you could make Mrs. Tiffles of me if you had any nerve.' Groom (to bride ; they are waiting for the minister) : 'Hadn't 1 better skip out aud see what is tbe matter, my dear ? Tbe minister should have been here 20 minutes ago.7' Bride: ''No, George; you stay right were you are.' It Often Does. — 'Gracious me ! ' said old Mrs. Bently, who was reading an account of a public dinner. 'What's the matter?' inquired old Mr. Bently. ' What an awful amount o'toast these men do eat ! I should think it would make 'em thirsty.' Sympathetic Old Lady (to convict) : ' Ah, my uu j fortunate friend, your fate is indeed a hard one, and as she I thinks of you here in this dreadful place, how your poor wife mustsuffer ! ' Convict i.very much affected) : W h — which one, mum ? I'm up for bigamy.' 