f A Russian Ghost Story.; ' When the Winter Palac« wn* finishr.ii the empress appointed a day for taking posses sion of it: and the elite of tho guards, and a corps which wcs composed entirely of noble men, mounted guard in the new * long, dark corridor lend to the middle doorof tho white or throne-room. In the corrido. two young noblemen were posted, it was . approaching ten o'clock and tho arrival of too empress was momentarily expected* ®uc^* denly tho attention of the young men-were attracted by a bright streak of 'wlucli seemed to glide between them in tlio darU passage. Their eyes lollowcd the li^ht, ana tbey saw that it streamed through tho key hole of the throne-room. Who could hftvo anyibusiness [at such an unusual hour in a room which was designated only for the to-.... ception of foreign ambassadors? Ono oUhc, young men considered it his duty to investi gate tho matter, and approached tho. door , for that purpose, but as soon as he nnd ^ glanced through tho keyhole ho called to , ; his companion in a whisper to come ... " The empress has already arrived,'1 jvhifip-... ered ho j she is seated on the throne,directly , opposite to tho door." _ "■> < Xbo other also looked through the aperturo and soon verilled thiB to bo a fact. . Th<? era-. press was seated in a tranquil dignity on. an , elevated golden stool under tho red: velvet t canopy, richly adorned with the imperial annB of Russia, a double eagle. .Tbo room was brilliantly lighted; but it was impos sible to ascertain if any otbor; persons Mvoro present, as tho thickness of tho door-lock allowed no side view of tho apartment. J.ho young men returned to their posts and waited. Not long after ono of the higher ollicers appeared and said,— " You can all now retire: tho empress, will, not como to-night." :■ " But her majesty is already here." "What? Who?" " Hor majesty is in tho throne-room." . . • "Impossible I" " You can see for yourself." .>.. Tho clllcer looked, immediately reoojr-,. nised tho empresB, aiid said woiideringly,--* ."I cannot understand what tho uiarsha.,;. j means, Ho has just arrived, and ordorcd .-i that all tho guards bo withdrawn ;,: tho empress has changed her. mind,! dud will not arrivo to-niyhh. Noycrtlioy,; less, I sec that she is hero. Could she havo come secretly ? At all events L will ascor-:v tain what new order the marshal has isBUed.1!, Meanwhile do you remain here as tho em-., press may pass this way," ■. Tho marshal, Prince Kuratin, was fortu-.'. nately in tho palace, and as soon as he hoard > of tbo mysterious report hastened to tho cor-,v ridor, and , pooped in his turn through tho keyhole. • -: " My God, it is the empress I Hor,majesty.^; herself! What can it moan ?" exclaimed lie.1, "How can this bo possible, when I have justly.; loft he* prescnco ? • She was dressed in .hor^.. usual overy-day attire, and I seo lior In.Jier/^; own royal robes and jewels. There must be ! some mystery bohind this. Lot ■■■■ all^ . entrances to tho throne-room bo'i-,1 guarded ! Lot no one go in or out I I will hasten to report at once." Tho distance between tho two houses being quite short, the marshal soon reached ? / tho small palace,temporarily occupied by tho... empress. * /-*_■. " Where is tho ompresB ?'•' 1 " In her sleeping apartment." " Tho prince looked at tho lady of honor* with suspicion, and said sharply.— " Are you sure that tho empress is bore ?" :- . , " Of course; she is proparing to retiro." v; '' Inform her instantly that I am hero.",;: . In a few minutes Princo Kuratiiij much • , excited, was conducted into tho empress' cbambor. Tho empress atood beforo him in in night negligeo. Kuratin turned pale, ' 1 * ' " Well,"said tho ompress, "you look as !£-• you had seen a ghost. What in Heaven's. name is the matter with you ? Is thero any .1 ' nows from tho army ?" Kuratin hurriedly related- what he had seen. ■ ■■■■.,■: ,• "ltisn knavish trick," cried Elizabeth. < " Wo will tako a nearer look at theso como- ' dlans. I will go in your sleigh, Kuratin ),^: you can mount bohind. Hurry." Arrived at tho Winter Palace, the cas- ' telinn wns ordered to bring'tho' koy of the " throne room; six grenadiers wore : com- ■ matulcd to load their guns, and led by.:tho:v empress tho littlo troop botook themselves to; * tho corridor. , ; The light shone as beforo through the key- >; holo. Tho door was cautiously opened and' a, flood.of light filled, tlio ourridor. ■ The.:-: [.empress stopped within tho room, followed : by hor guard, wlio placed themselves around her. The room was brilliantly illuminated, but empty, On tho throne was seated a shape, the counterpart of Elizabeth arrayed ■ in purplo and ermine, covered with diamonds, and crowned with tho royal dia dem.. One instant Elizabeth gazed steadfastly at her double, then moved for ward a fow stops. Simultaneously tho ap parition stood up, stopped down from thn; throno, and thon romainod standing.as irn-1 movably still as tho ompress. It was a thrilling moment I , -v: "Firo I" cried the empress. .■•■: Tho guards ralsod their guns and all si* aimed directly at tho ghostly visitant. . Tho % triggors snapped., At tho same instant the. s figure, clapped its hands together, and tlia;'; room was suddenly plunged into intonse darkness. Thon followed a great commo tion and confusion, whilo the empress ' ' called,— • "Uriiig lights I" Lights.wore spoodlly produced, and each corner was thoroughly searched, but absli- . lut'oly nothing could bo found to cluuidata tho mystery. Every door was locked Wnd guarded. : The guards had seen no one Icavo the palace. Tlio ompress ordered a m'oro thorough search to bo mado, but in vkin wore all efforts made to discover ih» per petrator of tho trick, if.trick it woio. ' Tlio occurrbnco inado a deeper improssion upon Elizabeth than she would admit. Eight • weeks afturwardB she died. : ~ „i>: Not Good Grammar.—A young lady was sitting with her lovor in.a charmingly dnco- ; rated recess. - On hor kneo was a diminutive' niece.. In an adjoining room, with door open,; were tlio rest of the company. Says the littlo nieco, in a jealous and vory audible" Voice. ' ' ' 0.:vftv \- " Auntio, kiss mo, too." ' Wo loavo you to. imagine what had liapi'v ponod. ■ ■ , " You should say tw^e, Ethel, dear };two>' is not grammar^" was tho immediato .re joinder.' Olevorgirl. ,,. , .,,,1,'.; A Profoasioiial. — " Beautiful •port'-r 'v beautiful," said tho bagman. " Sixty birds in ; two hours and only missed two shots.".: • 1V A quiot pontloman sitting in a corner of li the hotel office, put down his paper, rushed; across tho room and grasped him warmlybyii tho hand. , .. " " Allow mo to congratulate you, sir,", litij said," I am a professional myself." ' " Professional sportsman ?"' K • " No j aprofessional liar," '< i ' Patliar (haughtily)—" Wol), sir I—■" Son (imploringly)—" Forgivo met I know. how deeply I have wronged you; but; I;. am young, and I havo yot timq to.mnko ; reparation. If a future lifo of honesty—'!; - J. Fatiikr (angrily)—" IIorleBty 11 ha, ha |'■ Who prates ot' honesty to a retired lao<). dealer?" .■Ml*;:. 