[coxtin'ckd fllom Wkhm^day's suitle mbnt.] [tub ltlcht o" tuans1.ATIOX is kesekvkd.] SABINA ZEMBRA. A Isovr.t,. \- BY WILLIAM BLACK. Author " Macku.l of Dare,", Princess of Tiiule." ote. OUAPTKR XIII. UErEXT.vN't'B. It is hardly to be imagined that a beauti ful and healthy young woman should have attained to the age of live-and-twonty with out experiencing, at some time or other, and especially in lior earlier years, certain tender preferences for members ot tlio opposite sex ; lui! these love^fancies, if they may be so called, had in "Sabiu Vs ease been quickly absorbed in the cares and active interests of a particularly busy existence.. Her chaiacter was robust ami independent ; she had little time for sentimental musings. Marriago had sieves- entered into her scheme of life. Then she It ad soon one after another of her companions retire into the realm of matronhood, leaving her pretty much alone ; and she had to deal with an cver-mcreasmg amount of business about training-ships, convalescent homes, philantliro] ic societies, and the like; and it is quite probable, M Mrs. Wyarain maintained,' that these occupations of hers, and the almost maternal authority she had frequently to cxercise in tho house holds of the poor and sickly and indigent, had taught her a certain brusqueness and directness of manner, as of one who was too much engaged with the practical needs of the world around her to nay much attention to the reliiuments of etiquette. But when Mrs. Wygram plainly a-cased her of being a downright dirt. Sabiua was entirely startled out of her self- complacency ; and when, closely following upon that, Mr. Foster made lier an indirect otter of marriage, therehj incurring the pain and mortification of a refusal, there was no end to her self-reproach. It was true, then, that she had acted wivh an indiscretion visible to all onlookers 1 It was true that she had encouraged him to believe she was willing to be his wife i "What would he think of her ? \\\ hat would his mother think of her ? She recalled the jvitiont and gentle grace and dignity of the old lady, tho evident and affectionate hope that was in all her words and looks ; her promises of kindness ; and she could imagine tho mother going ba*k to the son and breaking tho truth to him in her delicately cnnsidcrato fashion. Well, there was one ivomaii who had never deceived him. The i>nlv son of his mother,1 ho would nt least retain his f tith in her—-the faith that he was so openly proud of. And he would forget that ho"had ever been trilled with by a llirt. Now SV'inn never did a more foolish thing in her life than when £?iu Mine away fronfBrighton. Had she remained there, her. remorse and self-abasement would have been largely mitigated. She would have discovered that Mr. Foster's grief over his disappointment was not of a crushing nature. He was annoyed, it is true ; but he ■was anusyed chietly by the grumblings of his father, who considered that he had been V dragged away hither oh a fool's erraud. Mr. Fred Foster was of a cheerful temperament; despondency was not much in his way. ' We haven't pulled it off this time, mother,'said he, ' but wait till you see me on inv legs again. You could hardly expect a high-stopper like that to get matched with a broken-down old cripple in a paddock. ' If I live to see you married to a girl like Miss Zembra, Freddie,' said tho gentle mother, ' 1 shall be happy. A girl like that ■would have a good iutluence over you ; you ■would give up your wild life. And I am sure your fa'.her and I would be glad to let. you have the old house ; wc could do very well at Crooktield. ' You need not count on me. I should bo no such fool,' the elder Mr. Foster remarked, with some poii.t. Mr. Fred Foster chose to ignore this chance observation. ' Oh, don't you make any mistake, mother ; Miss Zembra isn't a prig at all. She is just as fond of fun as anybody ; only she has never had a chance. Why, sho her self told me how well she liked looking on at some dancing there was at anartistfellow's house—I forget the name—and she said it was quite line to see a lot of young people— that's the way she talks, you know—romping about and dancing tho Highland Schottischo and on joying themselves without restraint. Oh, there'3 nothing of the stuck-up school miss about her, T can assure you. 1 1 do n >t think '1 should like to see Miss Zeinbra dancing tho Highland Sehottisehe,' the old lady said, quietly, ' though I hardly know why. ' No, no,' said he, with a laugh, 'nothing less dignified than tho minuet in Ariadne. ■AVoll, I don't know that 1 should care to seo her romping aUout either. But I'll tell you what 1 should like to see—1 should like to Bee her drive a dog-curt up to Ascot Heath, two ponies tandem : wouldn't that bo some thing like the thing ? And on the lmvn, mother—just'.hink of hor on the , lawn— why, there isn't one of them would be in it with her ! Think of her ligttre—1 tell you there's not one of chc women would bo in it with'her—except, perhaps, L-idy —, and sho doesn't go to race-meetings any more, since that thing happened. Well, do you know, mother, 1 don't think you would grumble at a littlo extravagauce—a good figure wauts good style—and the : fashions have to be paid for—-— 'My dear,' said tho old lady, with the least touch of remonstrance in hor placid voice, 'you :;peak very confidently.' ' Oh,' «iid he, lightly, ' that is-a fancy picture, yon know. But I am not so sure it won't come oil". Of course, I-htve received my snub, and must grin and bear it ; but while there's life there's hope. Sabina had but littlo idea that ho was accepting the situation in this cheerful frama of mind ; and fclio was alone in London ; and she was very miserable. For,sho had a vague conviction that come kind of calamity had occuriod, for which she was mainly responsible : and her wrong-doing was lioue the less distressing that it was so hard to define. She kept thinking and thinking over it ; wondering what Mrs Wygram was saying to'Janie about it ; hoping that Mr. Foster was not too deeply ofToncUd with her. Had she seut him sufficient assurance of her sorrow over this hapless mistake ? AVould it not have been kinder if she had seen him— to say a word of good-bye ? And the beauti ful and gentle old lady who had asked her in so pleasing a way to becomo her daughter ; ought she not to sit down and write to her and mako some exeuses for her ruuuing away'{ Sabina was very busy on those first days of her return to London ; but sho went about hor duties with a preoccupied air. It struck even herself that sho had less self confidence somehow in addressing people— even those best known to her, and. most dependent on hor. But she guessed that might be tho effect of her long holiday ; she had eonie back strange to her work ; she had not fallen into the way of it yet. Either Mrs. Wygram or her daughter wrote to their beloved Sabie every day. This was professedly a medical report ; but of course it contained all the news of their uneventful life at the seaside. -d .it seemed unaccountable t j S.ibina Au ^either of them should ever mako the ! that *. - --ntiou -of Mr. Foster. Why she least- Hiv hear about hi:n she did not ask wished to each letter that came from herself j riut vned quickly, and each time Brighton *h«'pp. ;ned fvehng of du.-»ppoint thcre was at) uiidsu word was .said about rnent ijpt never a r and father she had ' him. About the uioiiu. heard ; tho old pooplo Iitvd luft a couple of days or so after her dopa'rture -Mrs. Foster calling at Regcncy-Square and leaving some very affoctionato messages for Miss Zembra. But never tho least allusion to tho young man ; and S ihina, though writing ovory other day, somehow did not choose to ask. Tho reason why Janie had nothing to say about Mr. Foster was simply this: She had Lamed f oui her mot'.erwl a'. were his principal haunts, and she took care that liar mother and herself should keep away from theso. They never went out to the oiul of the "West Pier nor to tho end of Hie Chain Pior;: aud they seldom went into Uic O.d Steyno En closures or tho Pavilion Gardens. For Janie's vnguo dislike for tho young man had developed into something like hatred, when sho heard that ho had ftttompted to carry off Sabina from them ; and, tint attempt having boon fortunately frustrated, she wns re solved that it would not bo through hor mother and herself that any communications should be resumed. Aud sho waa delighted to see that Sabina never evon mentioned his name. Sho had feared tho worst from tho curious istorest that. Sabina seemed to tako in the oharacter and fortunes of the strangor whom chance had thrown in hor way. But that was all over now. He had boon sent about his business. Sabina was back in Loudon, andiomor or later Walter Lind say would bo calling in at Kensington Squaro to see Mr. Wygram. Brighton is a small place; Janio was caucht at last.. Her mother had Iain down for a while after lunch ; the daughtor had come out for a bit of a stroll, aud had wan dered down to tho soa-front, where sho took a seat on one of tho bonches. A passing Bath-Chair was stopped for a moment just as it reached her. ' I beg your pardon, Miss Wygram, but I'm afraid you've forgotten me ? She thought it was an intolerable pieco of effrontery that ho should speak to her, aftor what had happened, but she could not be positively rude. ' How do you do, Mr. Foster ?' she said, and sho gave him her hand for a moment. ' I liopa you are getting on well. ' Oh, yes, very well,1 he Baid, cheerfully, ' I can movo about a little now, indoors. I think the Derby week will see mo on nay legs again. And how is Miss Zombra ; I suppose you have heard from hor. And then it flashed upon hor that he was a=suming sho knew nothing of what had occurred, for how else could ho dare to talk about Sabina in this free-and- easy fas hion? ' Oh, yes, I hear from her froquontly ; sho' is very well, I believo. What a pleasant afternoon for going about! If this was not an intimation to him that lie might move on alio did not know what was. But he remained, lliavo fifiiidit veryditleront since she left.,' said he. with a rueful smile. 'Very differ ent indeed. I had no idea wo had beon such constant companions until she loft. Brighton seems quite deserted now. You see you get into tho habit of meeting people in a place like this, one day being just like the day before it; and you don't notice, perhaps, how much you are thrown together. But you find out when they leave. 1 Yes V said Janie ; which \va3 rather oold encouragement. 1 And I'm awfully sorry, sho went away so hurriedly,' ho continued (and Janie wished he would not slare at her so uncom promisingly with his clear, hard,' bluo eyes). ' I don't mind telling you- there was a kind of—kind of--well, something happened, that might have admitted of some explana tion if only she had not gone away so abruptly. I was awfully sorry—if I could havo seen her for merely a couplo of min utes I could have explained a lot. Yes ; and there's another thing I wanted to say to her before she wont back to London—Well j it was talked about occasionally here—but t wanted to impress it on her—don't you. think she ought to look about for some male companion—I supposo sho could not afford a secretary ?—but some male companion, any way, to go with her through all those places ? ' Miss Zembra,' said Janie, distantly (for sho was not going to call her ' Sabie' to hini), ' only goes to places where she is known ; besides, she cau take C6.ro of henself. ' Oh, I do not moan in that way,' he said, and ho accepted her repollant attitude with much good nature ; porhaps he did not liotiee it. ' I mean in tlio way of her gett ing sharpod. I imagine she is imposed on by a whole crowd of cringing, fawning, sneaking wretches. If a man were to go with her ho would lot a little daylight into the whole affair. ' You think lie would get to know more about those pooplo than alio could V Janio asked. ' 1 supposo you are not aware, then, that Miss Zembra is a rnombor of tho Charity Organisation Society 7 ' ■ 'But sho is a woman. ' A woman may have as sharp oyos as a man. ' But sho is sure to have a softer heart— and that's where tho troublo comes in. " Janie remained obdurate. liven that little bit of adroit flattery had no effect on her. And Mr. Foster, seeing that she was not inclined for further conversation, left a friendly messago for hor mother and passed on. That evening's dispatch to Sabina could not well omit all mention of this interview ; but Janie had no scruples whatover about sending a distinctly garbled vision. 'He seemed as cheerful and complacont as you could wish,' sho wrote, amongst other things, and put all the blame on you for having gone away so hurriedly. Every thing could havo bean put right by an ex planation. I suppose he means lie could havo explained why it wa3 absolutely necessary you should beomo his wife. And ho was kind enough to s:iy that Brigton felt quite lonely now that you had gone, and that ho had no idea you and he had been so much together. I supposo because ho had ii jt taken the trouble to notice. This letter—tho animus of nhich sho well understood, and could discard—set Sabie still further wondering. What explanation could ho moan ? Aud so ho had been look ing back over their companionship together ; and perhaps valuing it a little ? And Bhe was glad that he was putting so bravo a face on his disappointment ; for sho assumed that there must have been some disappointment ; a man does not ask a woman to be his wifo without having seriously thought it over and laid far-reaching plans and cherished hopes that ho is anxious to have fulfilled. Anl, of course, so important a choice is a great honour to confer upon any girl ; and one not lightly or ungratefully to be thrown aside. What explanation was it ? sho asked herself j again and again. She knew that he was not a sentimental poreon ; but then neither was sha herself; porhaps she ought to have waited ; and listened to what he had to 3av; and been less discourteous in her summary refusal. It may have been this continual ques tioning of herself that caused S.ii>ina one afternoojj as slit' -.wis g.>inir dn.vii through Kensington - square, t > Walter Lindsay wi rhoiit recognition. He had not been so Mind. He had so^:i her a longway ofl"; and it was as if something had suddenly grasped lib heart and nude it ceaso to beat. He did not know uho had returned t» London. lie was not prepared. The calm and equable friendship he had pro mised himself w^s not there with its quieting influence: and lie only knew that the sight of S.ibina advancing towards him—the real ivibina—here in Kensington-square, in Ke:i sington-sqnare that he had peopled so often with ghosts and visions cf her—this actual tiling bewildered him out of his senses, and I he could not think what he w,>> !■? say to her. ' How was he til nooeuni for her boing in Kon singtou-nquaru at nil? Was some one ill, that she hail so suddenly como back? Sho would bo startled and displeased at confronting him so unexpectedly? 1 Sabina came along, all unheeding. Sho was not looking atanyono whom she might meet.; iior eyes wore absorbed. And when sho passed him, ho was still silont, alnioBt fearing to disturb her; but tho uoxt moment some thing within him took.control of him, and ho advanced a quick step or Woi j ' MIm flemhrol, j Sho turned, with a liltlo shirt; but tho . moment sho saw who it was, tlioro was 'ft quick outshining of friendliness'from tho beautiful oyes, Mid a pleasant smile of wcl- j como. Sho had boon mwoh harassed and , worried thujo last fow days; slid had boeu al- I most alone; liore was an old friend who had boon kind to hor many a time. And sho j did not know that she allowed him to retain her' hand while they wore mutua'ly asking and answering tho usual prolinuniKj ques tions (perhaps ho did not know it either); and sho took no pains to conceal tho pleasure with which sho recoguisod him; and her oyos met his with a frankness that took nd thoitgllt of oonsoqueiicos. In shoft, during theso few seconds her conduct was abominable, Mrs Wygram would have said; but Mrs Wygram waY altogether forgotten in tho surpriso and gladness of this uuexpoctod meeting. ' You aro going down that way?' ho said, looking towards the eud of tho Squaro. ' Yes. I aru going down to Cornwall Gar dons. It is not often I pay afternoon calls; but I am to inset an old Admiral who has been of grea* sor?io# to vrio sovoral times, and I shall hava plenty of opportunity to thank him — that is, to bog for future favours. , . ' Hay I walk as fat with you? • If you like,' she said, without hesitation, ' if ik i* not out of your way. And hosa he was actually walking sido by side with Sa'jina along tho Kensington square pavement, as many and many a tinlo he had vainly imagined and pictured to^ himself. And what a tragic thing that he could only talk to her trWial about matters—about Brigh ton lodgiujj-hoasos; and the crowds at South Kensington of an avenlng, and tho various gossip of the studios—when all tho timo ho was'dying to toll hor of the newly established relationship, the unalterable and porfoct friendship that was to last botwaim those two for over and ever and orcrmore. Of oourso ho could nol tall her; forsho know of no other relationship — and had probably never dreamed «f any;'and se ho had to pretend to bo eagerly Interested In training ships ! and tho like; while all the pleasant and amus ing things he had boon storing up. for her during theflo many weeks hadgouocloan out of ! his head. Kb matter; Sabina was about as close to him asshehad been in tho hansom and ho was koeplng step with her as woll as ho could; and bonding towards hor a littlo bo that he could listen to hor tho m >ro easily, and sometimes ho succooded in making her laugh, and hor laugh was pleasant to hear. Anil he know that for him thenceforth this Yictoria-road would be a blessed thorough favo; he and sho together had passed under neath tho overhanging troo3 of those front gardens; for him at least tho placo would bo for ever haunted. Nor oven when she had passed within tho hatod portals of that houao iu Cornwall Gar dons was ho likely to quit tho neighbourhood so long aB she was there. Of eourae he Oould not wait aud offer to escort her back homo again, 'if she wii3 going homo; that would havo been too significant; but ho could linger unobsorved, until alio came out, and havo at loast a last glimpse of her. And that was all ho obtained; for on Sabina's coming out of tho house sho took tho first cab .she saw, and vas driven away, ho know not whithor. • ' But Ha Was happy enough; nay, his heart was filled with rejoicing. Nor would he- go northward'by. "Victoria road and Kensington square; tho way they had come seemed to him still rich with tho glory of.hdr pros-.nc.ej ho would not go And sflO lw.v Qui ply the thoroughfares looked. No, ho wont away in another direction altogether; and eventually, after many alniloss turnings and wiaderingS found himsdlf) towiWdS foVon o'clock, out in the Addi&on-rcnd; neighbourhood, and at the door of tho sfcodta of an old chum of his. This Willie Meteyard was rather celebrated in hit way as Win# been an unconscionable number of times on the rery edge of being olestcd t« the Academy, and failing at the last moment through somo unoxpeoted com bination; but ho t-ook these disappointments very equably, and worked away at his pic tures of Irish peafiiUH-ltfO with ftii assidtlilj which brought him a fair amount of fanie and the dealers a largo amount of money. He was a bachelor; and ho was sitting down to a bachelor-dinner when Walter Lindiay entered. Artlsta as a rule are not'over-exact ing in their needs; there was soon anothei plate on the table. 'What aro you going to do to-night, Willie!' tho visitor twkedi *' I'm going with those Mowbray girls and their Mothcf te tllS ihtfatra. ' You'll have to dress aud got away imme diately, I suppose? ' 1 Yes. ' What a nuisanee! You'd much better stop whero you aru; and we'll go into thfl studio, and have a pipe and seme music. Now Mr. Meteyard was much fondor oi music than of the theatrel and he kn*w that when Lindsay got Into the voin, lie played very well indeed, and with quite unusual feeling; besides, Lindsay was an old friend; and the Mow brays wero mero acquaintances; and tho promise was not a vory definite ono; and there was a largo party going to tho theatre, and lie would not bo missed. Finally, ho wanted to Stop —^ and ho stopped. Tho evening passed pleasantly enough ; though by degrees the two filands ceased from music, and took riiOatly to smoking, and lounging, and chatting in the comfortable hushed studio. And of course, Walter Lind say had but ono subject, to which he returnod again aud again, by many subterfuges and that subject, of courso, was tho beautiful natureanddisp jsitionof MissZ jmbra, and the ennobling ofiootof an assured friendship with such a woman; the influenc-J it must have on one's character, And on one's work ton, making it sincere, and earnest, and of a lofty aim—all of which Willis Meteyard had heard a few times before. At lftst he I said;— 1 Look hero, Walter, my goou fellow, let's have an end this. It's no use your trying to humbug me. All your talk about friend ship is pure idiotcy. I tell you I believe what you say of thi girl. I oupp-^so it's all true. But 1 tell you this as well—=and it's as plaiil hi a pikestaff to everyone but yourself—I tell you, you're just madly in love with hor. (To 'j; continufd.) Ox the WiXG.—The Lirei'/io/il Post says: — 'Horr Lniwig had a touch-and-go jouilley be fore he caught the Servin. whichiuft Queens town oil October 2.'! for New York, where tho fi.mou3 baritone has an engagement to sing, lie missed the connecting train at Dubiin, lliriiiL' a locomotive, he packed his baggage in the c al tender, and, juyin„'. £.">!) fur tile service, started after tho mail, lie, lio'.vovi-r, failed to recover siilli^ient lime, and, on reaching Queenstown, found to his dismay tint the Servia '.raj underway. There was still a chanus. The peinliy was heavy for failure to fullil his ongage.nent. Ilerr Lud wig crisd out, 'A. fag, a tug ; my cheque for a t;ig.' Ono was secured anJ the baritone jumped on board wiih his basr^a^e ; and out lie went upon the second half of hii adven turous journey. A stern chase isprovorbiaily a long one ; but thanks to much 'hooting' from the tu^'s siren and other signals, the attention ot the C.inarder was attracted and the engines were stopped, the singer iu a feu moments (indium himself on board, but {.'100 pooreo than when he left DuUui. 