THE MELBOURNE' PROVINCE \- ELECTION MR, SERVICE AT THE TEMPERANCE HALL. A meeting of about 150 electors of the Melbourne Province was addressed by Mr James Service at the Temperance hall last night. Mr T K Bennet presided. After some remarks from the chairman highly eulogistic of the candidate, Mr Service, who had an enthusiastic reception, said -Mr Bennet and Gentlemen - If I were now as young as I once was, I should blush very much indeed for the compliment paid to me by the worthy chairman He seemed to feel somewhat disappointed that there was not a larger turn out on the present occasion, but I think those electors who have stayed away are perhaps wiser than those who have come I feel at all events as if I were something very) like the razor grinder I have no story to tell to night. I had the pleasure of delivering a few remark in the Athenaeum on Monday afternoon, and the press has given those remarks so much prominence, and everybody now reads the newspapers so carefully, that when a man has spoken once he really feels that when he tried to speak a second time be can only repeat himself, which is not a bad thing if he had not to repeat himself before the same audience. (Hear, hear ) Now this is not the same audience I purposely have had an evening meeting I had a day meeting to suit gentlemen who could not conveniently come to town at night, and I now have an evening meeting to convenience those who can better attend in the evening But the newspapers have so widely dispersed the remarks that I made on Monday that I feel as if anything I can say to night is simply repeating myself Till POLITICAL SI STATION There is another thing that renders this meeting to me a little more oppres Give than meetings under ordinary circumstances I mean the ordinary cir- existences of an election candidature That is the simple fact with which you are all familiar, that at the present time there is really no serious political cry that is particularly interesting to any section of the community (Cheers ) How, I feel that partly I myself i in to blame for this circumstance because when I was in office on the last occasion one of the great objects I had in view was to bring about a peace, which is the preliminary to a prosperous, condition of things in this colony (Cheers.) So that I am to some extent liable to bear the responsibility of this state of quietude and, naturally, on the present occasion, I find myself (dewing in his own tat (Laughter) It has occurred to in that there is a service arrangement it it could be carried out which was imported from Germany, and is becoming quite acclimatised in this colony I think it is a very excellent innovation in deed It is that it a candidate has one meeting-I mean under such calm and peaceful circumstances-and has delivered himself full) on all the subjects which he thinks will interest the community, and after the press has communicated his news to all sections and members of the community at all events, to the electors-all the other nights should be what is known in some societies us smoke nights (Laughter.) That is to say we might come here, for example, to night, and the speaker might be asked toNja) a few words simply to commence the proceedings, and then we might will much more comfortable than we are doing now But down to our pipes and cigars s(laughter) and in the interval any gentleman could put a question or offer a few remarks. (Hear, hear ) I think we should enjoy ourselves much better. (Laughter.) I feel that my ideas on political subjects are somewhat barren ("No, no.") I am not going to repeat to you the things that SO, 23, W, 15, 10 or even seven years ago used to rouse the population of Victoria into enthusiasts, bat an enthusiasm which unfortunately was divided amongst two distinct and hostile parties, (Hear, hear ) That was all very well whilst we were fighting for the acquirement of those privileges which have come from the bberD-loviug "lands in the northern seats (Hear, hear.) Those islands, however, were very much trammelled and are still somewhat trammelled, by ancient laws, ancient privileges, and ancient tradi- tions (Ltear, hear ). In the troublous times to which I have referred he were trying to free ourselves from those trammels, and bring ourselves into that happy condition of perfect liberty and perfect equality) which we enjoy of the present day). (Cheers.) Now we have got almost everything we want, and a'uio-ever)thing we could think of, and, in a political sense, what room is there for a renewal of the quarrels or mischief? Absolutely none, (flour, hour.) We have got, besides this contain), a condition of material prosperity that has never been exceeded in any part of the world. (Cheers.) What more have we to seek for from politicians or statesmen (Hear, hear ) some few people look back to the good old times when we were fighting each other with sword and pistol, firing at each other at public meetings and across the Hour of tliellouBCsof Parliament, and I have heard one or two express a hope that those times would speedily be reviled. (Laughter) 'Hiegenirul Ruling of the community, I our refer, is that the passing away of those old political discords has been to some extent, if not to the full extent, the cause of the boom of material prosperity which all sections of the community are now enjoy ing (Cheers ) You will all agree that when a man can go to his labour on Monday morning, and know that he will have regular employment till Saturday night, and that that will soon for the 12 weeks of the year almost without any doubt, as he can now, and that his wages are as high as ever they were, and (is high Is the human!, looking to the permanent interests of the colony, could well desire and when he finds his family around him, growing up in every comfort, and has perhaps a good substantial balance to his credit in the Savings Bank 1 say when a man considers all these things, questions of party) politics must be regarded by linn us somewhat obnoxious, and as things only to be cultivated when there is need to llghttoreome erect and grand principle, or for a great reform for ameliorating some unsatisfactory condition of our social life. (Hear, hear.) U líese apologies I offer for what I am sure you will sit at the end of my remarks, are very barren cunning indeed, but which I hope to enliven by adding to the questioning hour that portion of the time which I clip from the t milking hour ALslltALIAN AND IMPERIAL ITDE KA HON. One word of explanation upon a matter which I referred to on Monday in the, At he meara On that occasion, in dealing with the question of the federation of the Australian colonies, and what is known as Imperial Iciltration, I alluded to li gentleman in a neighbouring colony one of the lending statesmen Australasian who has made Bismark wherever he has been, and who is (is well known in Europe as he is in Australia I mean bar near) Parkes, the present Governor of New South Wales I say I made a remark with respect to him which must have been in some way wrongly continual fated to burn - in what way I cannot tell I see in one of the Melbourne newspapers this morning that Sir Henry) Parkes, in referring to my remarks, attributes a statement to.. me in respect to link us referring to Imperial reiteration, whereas my language distinctly referred to Australian federation. (Cheers ) I never had the pleasure of know- ing that Sir Henry) Parkes's views were upon Imperial federation, and, therefore, I could not possibly) have referred to him in connection with this subject. But what I did say, and what I the now-because we had the written word which remaineth, and which I have read and now possesses, that he was one of the most ardent advocates of Australian unit) and Australian federation, and that he was theirs Australian statesman who (drafted a bill for the purpose of establishing a federal Council to deal with Australian rubies I referred to him in this way, in a complimentary million because he deserved it I believe honour should always be given to him to whom honour is due. I referred to earlier) Parties in s complimented) fashion, Emu appealed to him now to do that which he, almost single-handed, could do, and that is to complete the unity of the Australian colonies (Cheers) That is to say, of course, in a limited sense. It is quite impossible at the present time, and it has been recognised by all sections of politicians chen those who are most spread the subject of federation That it is quite impossible for us at two present time to establish what we would call complete federation of the colonies (Hear, hear.) that is, to establish a dominion parliament with the power of taxation, ?. n .' for fullest understanding-hut mu and distinct agreement upon the fiscal 'policies all the colonies, The question of the tariffs of the whole of the colonies in the one question which it is difficult to face will "K t(i """K show the Australian federal n. ,v0,mc(l of" the police 'anything he Seri., feet we should have in view now, in the we causes which the Convention ski "'.' !" S>,,"W I" 1863 land In passing K resolution which ultimately resulted, in the passing by the Imperial Parliament of an act enabling the colonies to federate for limited purposes, was that it was then fully recognised that it was impos- Bible to even consider the question of a, complete federation (Hear, hear ). The condition of the various colonies, financially and fiscally, was such that any attempt at that time to unite them on a question of taxation or a general fiscal policy is utterly hopeless, and therefore the conven- tion ignored that formally and distinctly and intentionally, because they thought that it was a, task beyond their power But what they did not ignore and what they did endeavour to bring about, and what in a perfect fashion they succeeded in bringing about, was to give effect to a suggestion that was made by an English statesman, Lord Derby, in connection with the islands of the Pacific, '] hut suggestion was, that if the Australian colonies would unite together for the purpose of dealing with these islands if not for other purposes, the Imperial Government would then be in a position to deal with the question in view of a unanimous expression of opinion from the Australian colonies, and the object which the convention had in drafting the bill which they drafted and submitted to the Imperial authorities was not then to attempt to bring about complete union No such idea ever entered our heads Our idea was to engage all the colonies in a limited union, affecting questions, such as, for example, that of the French convicts in New Caledonia, and the securing of the islands in our neighbourhood under our own flag, and such questions as that of the Chinese, which has recently cropped up, and which at that time had hardly an) existence. I say) our object was to cultivate the habit of de hills; with such questions unitedly), and thus pave the way in a gradual t nth easy manner tor that fuller and complete federation which is the manifest destiny of the Australian colonies (Cheers-) ) We shall not be long contented to continue as now, one colony fighting against another, and that has happened more than once to the serious detriment of the interests of all of us (Cheers ) Not that one colony is fighting the other, but that we do not draw together when we do not actually tight against each other We do not even on questions on which we are agreed work together in the way we ought to work together if we desire our representations to have weight with the Imperial authorities (Cheers ) What do the people at home tell us' they tell us distinctly, "We are with you people in Australasia in every na) " We have now gentlemen at the head of all' live in Lii"lruicl, perhaps a little slow, as an old country and a big country will be, because large bodies move slowly), excepting the sun and the planets They have told us again and again that if we will formulate our wishes and small)' tell them what we want, they will be delighted to consult r in the most Sensible fashion whatever we desire (Cheers.) Take the recent ne lionontheChiuescquestion, which is perhaps, the most interesting question in connection with politics at the present moment. 'The Government of this colony and of several of the other colonies agreed to address the Im permit Government on this question of the Chinese Mr Gillies communicated with the other colonies, including, of course, New South Wales All the colonies agreed to unite with Mr Gillies in sending home de patches or a united despatch (him not quite clear which to the Imperial Government, expressing unitedly their wishes in respect to the Chinese, except New South Wales New South Wales in place of consulting with the other colonies, and acting with them, hastily penned a despatch, which was sent off by cable, and reached London long in advance of the despatches that were sent by the other Governments Well, the effect of that was to throw everything out of gear In the first instance it may leBtly indicated a want of harmonious action on the part of the colonies In the second place, when Lord Knutsford, the Colonial Secretary, got the cable message, he felt as follows :-" Well, New South Wales is the most important colony prob only of the group at all events, it is the mother colony, and has a right and title to be heard and listened to. But what about the other colonies? Surely this Chinese question is one which affects the whole of them." He said to himself, " Before I take up the question and deal with the subject in the interests of Australia, I should know what the views of the whole of Australia on the subject are." (Cheers.) That was a very cool and rational conclusion. "Tell me what you want," he says, " and then I will speak to you " He is waiting until those despatches re- ich him to get the whole story. In the meantime the New South Wales people are disappointed because they have received no reply to their despatch. I venture to say it is an unreason- able disappointment, and the) propose now to take immediate action without waiting for the opinion of the Imperial authorities. And mind you, am not blaming them for that, because I think that as soon as our Parliament meets it ought to take certain steps. But what I say is lins-this question can only be dealt with by the colonies acting unitedly. (Cheers ) It (5000 or 7,000 Chinese get into the Northern Territory, which is under the rule of the South Australian Government, we Victorians cannot get them out, nor can the New South Welsh- men, nor can the Queenslander-!. We must look to the South Australian Government to go with us in order to prevent the influx of that tidal wave of immigration which has cast so many members of this particular nationality on our shores. (Cheers.) There fore it is all important to get to work as soon as possible to bring about this union. I think the Australian Natives' Association, whose motto w hose chief motto-is federation, and who have worked very hard, and with considerable effect, in the interests of this movement think this association and others who take interest in this subject ought to ask themselves one or two quiet lions. First what are the best means of bringing about the union of till the colonies in as full and complete a manner as pos- sible! What is the best mode of removing the obstacles which now exist to the union .' (A voice "Intercolonial free trade.") 'Unit gentleman is perfectly right, INl'LUiCOLONIAL MIEL. TRADE There is no doubt intercolonial free trade is bound to come. Everybody admits that intercolonial free trade must of necessity be one of the principles upon which a Dominion Parliament and a Dominion Government can be based. Well, now, how can we best help to bring about time intercolonial free trade? What is the difficulty now The difficulty is that we have all different tariffs ; but one chief difficulty is that, whilst we have all different tariffs as against each other and the rest of the world, we have some special taxa- tion in Victoria against our neighbours which is of the most offensive diameter to them ("Hear, hear," and a voice "What is it?") Well, there are various things. One of the chief things is the stock tax. (Hear, hear.) rain not going to enter into an argument either for or against the stock tax. My object, on the present occasion, is to point out that it we are going to be united those taxes between us and the other colonies must disappear. (Hear, hear.) Necessarily, they will disappear. As soon as a Parliament elected bill the colonies comes together in the Federal city, wherever it is. That Parliament willentict fiscal laws which will bind us all, and those particular tufa which are obnoxious to the other colonies will disappear. (Cheers I What I want to point out is this, that the Boom r vie make those obnoxious taxes disappear the nearer we shall be to this intercolonial unity. (Cheers ) I am not now raising the question of free trade and protection. (Hear, hear.) 'That question was settled long ago, and it does not arise in this case at all, because bulli parties go the whole hog for intercolonial free trade free trade from Port Darwin to Port Phillip, and from Sydney to Perth; free trade amongst ourselves, whatever we do as regards the rest of the world. (Loud cheers. The first thing we should do is to get rid of our own legislation. (Hear, hear ) him speaking not only of Victoria, but of the either countries as well, for South Australia has copied our example and imposed a similar tax: against us. You cannot blame South Australia for that. (Hear, hear.) But instead of one colony legislating against another, I hope we shall all strive to bring about such a state of public opinion as will sweep away all the obstacles now standing between us, (Cheers.) It we don't do something of that Sort, the various colonies will become, acting late respected ">ir,Iohii U'shunuBsv once said, something like the dirty little republics of South America." (Laughter and cheers.) Australia will then be a contemptible little knot of petty provinces, or big municipalities, and nothing more, unable to exercise that weight in the world which the extent of our territory would justify and the increase of our population hereafter will demand. (Hear, hear.) Instead of taking our annual in the world us a great nation, exercising it legitimate influence- amongst the nations of the earth, the colonies would sink into the position of those South American republics, which, instead of being the nourishing communities we are amongst a united and great people, are sunk into a condition of power and social misery. (Hear, hear.) 'Take dull and Peru, for example, fighting each other until one has pretty well gobbled up the other. (Laughter.) I am very anxious to see this spirit in Federation growing up between the colonies, and the members of every organisation like the Australian Natives' Association, founded for the promotion of national, (that is to etty, Australian) unity should ask their represent.! lives, whether in the one House or the other, "Will you abolish till taxes against our sister colonies? and will you promise that you will vote or no tax in the future that will raise a 'barrier or it separation between this and the other colonies?" (Cheers.) That is the practical way to help forward intercolonial federation. (Hear, hear.) The electors are the potter, and members of Parliament and candidates for membership are only like clay in their hands. (Laughter ) If the electors express their desires distinctly when they want a thing done, Parliament has to do it, and when the electorates have made up their minds members of Parliament and candidates very soon make up theirs (Laughter ) IMPERIAL raDrRVTION. One word about Imperial federation. There are some people in this colony who won the here in Imperial federation, and those who would like to hope most from it blue a difficulty in knowing what it may become, if it ever becomes anything There is a difficulty in formulating the desire into a distinct formula, because we can hardly understand how two great and powerful nations at different ends of the world can remain as one without the one nation being subject to the other (Hear, hear ) everybody admits that in the future we shall be a great n men which we are not yet Australia has passed its boyhood but has hardly reached its manhood when we shall be able to claim all the privileges and powers of manhood XV here we reach that stage of national existence it is perfectly ci i dent we can no longer be subject to Great Britain 03 we are now Fieri bod) admits that. At the present time we have the power to make our own laws, with very few exceptions Vu. have been permitted na colonies to grow up under the tutelage and protection of England, with a freedom of action on our own part, hardly trammelled many will only trammelled, in fact, in respect of matters which most affect the empire as a 11 hole On oil matters of local legislation, with a very few exceptions we can do pretty much what we like that 13 a pride which the colonies of no other nuts 11 under the sun have ever enjoyed and if we think over it we can hardly help being thank all for it (Be ye, hear ) V generation has almost passed away, and we are growing into a great people, are beginning already to make 11 home in the world, and no power on earth has dared to make us afraid (Laughter, and cheers.) We have been able to sit up for our own line and fig tree, none daring to make us afraid I realise every nation in the world was aware that England would spend her last man and her last shilling if need were to defend our shores. (Cheers) We have thus been enabled to go on peaceably and quietly developing the natural resources of Australia, and enjoying a prosperity which no other nation on the face of the earth has enjoyed (Hear, hear ) I am an ardent devotee of the Imperial idea, and I, for one, would like to look forward to a long continuance of the connection between the colonies and the mother country (Hear, hear.) The traditions of the old country sound sweet and pleasant in the car of my) memory they are pleasant to think iibonL I daresay the same feeling exists to some extent even amongst the rising. generation of Australia, who have never seen the old concur) those of them, at all events, who have read English history (Hear, hear j Some people in this colony say that we are tending too much in the three tion of " Britishing the colony) (Laughter ) It is a curious expression certainly, a newly coined word, nevertheless effective, and, therefore, I like it, but it is a peculiar thing to say we are " Britishing a colony which is five sixths British m 11s origin and its population We can hardly do more towards 1 smalling the colony, it has already been done for us (Laughter) therefore, I wish, whatever may happen in the future, to cultivate this feeling of the utmost kindness and tenderness for the old mother country (Hear, he cr) She has had many troubles to go through, and there are trouble for her in the future-possibly 111 the near future , but there is a steady progress in England towards all those liberties that tend to raise the individual man to the highest level of manhood (Cheers) It is indeed A land of settled Government A land of just and old renown is here freedom 1 readers slowly down From precedent to precedent. (Loudcheers) Inte, her progress is slow, but it is sure, and the tendency is always in the right direction. (Hear, hear) Whilst we cannot formulate, even in our own minds, a scheme of Imperial federation, is there any necessity for making the attempt or, at all events, for doing it in any other fashion but that of theory ? We may fanciful.) amuse, interest, and perhaps instruct ourselves by endeavouring to discover some means by which an empire, such as the British Empire will be in another 20 or 30 years, matter remain as one. At the present moment the question of separation or federation is not a question of practical politics. The question is altogether inopportune and premature (Hear, hear ) But at the Australian colonies as a whole did want to separate from England, I believe England would say "Go, and God bless you." (Loud cheers) That is the position England hollis at the present time. We are at liberty to do just as we please, and when we hate 20,000,000 or o0.000.000 instead of d 000.00 of population, we shall have, if it were possible, more liberty to do as we please than now, because we shall then have the power to do it, as well as the privilege of being permitted to do it. Whenever it comes to be obvious to us that it will he to our interests to sever from the Great British Empire, It is as certain as the star will rise to morrow that no obstacle will be put in our way by the old mother country). (Cheers) Therefore, let us strive, whilst there are no interests calling upon us to separate, to cultivate that strong feeling of attachment which originates in the oneness of the blood between the two countries-(cheers)-and which, I think, may develop itself in the time to come in to some practical shape which will enable us, without the people in this country or the people of England Bitcrihcing their equality), to develop into an empire such as the world has never seen, with its one foot, we may win, on the south pole and minister on the not all, r tiling the destinies of the whole world. (Cheers.) We know that such a rule, judg- ing of the future by the past, and of the tendencies of things in recent years, would be a beneficent rule, and for the go out of the whole world. (Cheers ) but, gentlemen, there is another thing This is not the time to speak of separation or severance. At the present time the whole of the countries of the world-the great empires of Europeans becoming federated more closely than they have been for mutual protection they are compelled to federate themselves. We find the great umpires of Austria and Germany and the Kingdom of Italy have Ictleruted on the one hand], and 1' tunes and Russia, it not entering into distinct treat), live, at all events, a pretty) distinct unders miling between them selves This is not the time, I say, for small communities to talk about casting themselves house from large communities (Hear, hear.) It is not for us to talk of this idea when we might be at the mercy of some of those large communities it diggers! were at war, for us to contend with some of them? large communities would be as a child contending with a cigar. As I mentioned on Monday, supposing Russia, for instance, were to secure that which she has long desired and appears determined to enjoy supposing she succeeds in acquiring Constantinople as her inheritance or conquest, and suppusiiigsliesuccucilsiiidrivingLiigluiid out of ladder-way, with Russia in India, we have no guarantee that she will not be in Australia. (Hear, hear.) There is no doubt at all in the minds of those who have studied the map of Europe at the temper of the Russian people, their desire find determina- tion to extend their to Britons in every direction, and to subject nation after nation to their lives), There is no doubt whatever that it by any means Jumna could acquire India our position here would be one of limneuBe danger, (Hear, hear ) It is said that if we were free from England we would not be subjected! to the (dangers from Jethro pem wars, which I believe to be an entire mistake. We sometimes ask the question, "What have we to do with those was , why should we be involved in a contest which will cost blood and mont) because England happens to go to war"" We put such questions without thought, and without thinking of the position. (Hear, hear ) there is nothing which is more akin to the duty and interests of the Australian colonies than to assist England to the best of our ability in any war in which she becomes involved. (Cheers.) Will you, I am speaking on this subject as a matter of interest to the colonies, but as li matter of sentiment alone, It is a curious thing that people should as), "Let us get rid of the old connection and we shall get rid of wars," Del at the same time, it England gets involved in war, we jump up at once and send our volunteers to her aid. (Cheers) Whenever laughing gets involved in war this idea of Separatists disappears. (Cheers ) THE EDUCATION QUESTION. There are one or two points which I have been trying, it possible, to rake up out of the old political viic.ibulur, which candidates for elections during the last HC or HG years ham plum! before the constituencies they were addressing. I have, however, found it exceedingly difficult. I remember in the olden times when triennial Parliaments, or the abolition of state' aid to religion, on the question of protection, would have roused a fervour and a Zero) which was really) interesting and most agreeable undcrtjouicclri'umstii trees. But those questions tire till settled, and therefore to take them up from the dead would only be like ghosts rev miling the glimpses of the moon. (Laughter ) I don't know of any question at the present time of special interest to you excepting the question of education. That is H living question, and although it is not a burning question it is a question which requires a good deal of watching, because whilst the people of this country, perhaps as uuiiiiimuuilyiu they have done in anything I know of, have declared their determined adherence to the system of public instruction which now now obtains, yet it has not been so universally received on to render the necessity for watchfulness unnecessary. Therefore I only mention the matter on the present occasion to remind you of what you all know who have noticed my Parliamentary action in years past, and in) public action otherwise, that I am a strong supporter of the present system of public instruction (Cheers ) Having said this I feel I have exhausted my) vocabulary I have no doubt there are some questions which are interesting to gentlemen in the room, and there is nothing I like better than to be catechised. I promised at the beginning that it we could not make a smoke night of it, we would make a question night of it. Therefore, with your permission, I shall resume my seat, informing an) one who desires to ascertain my views upon any question which to them is an interesting one that I shall be happy to answer them (Cheers.) In reply to questions, Mr Service said that the extension of the Parliamentary franchise to the members of the police force was a matter which had been discussed during his absence in England. There was a good deal to be said on both sides His feeling at present was adverse to giving the franchise to the police It was not because he doubled the intelligence of the police, but because they were a class of the community who had special functions to perform which sometimes brought them into close connection with the politics of the day, He was not aware that the Government of South Aus- tralia or Tasmania had granted the franchise to the police; but, if it were so, it showed the direction in which public feeling was running He had not, however, thought out the subject, and could not therefore give a definite answer to the question which had been asked. He did not know that the British Parliament had enfranchised the police. The Chairman (who had had several questions in writing handed to himself all the candidate do his best to advance the protection policy 5 Mr SutviCF.- The Legislative Council have nothing to do with fiscal matters The question is without meaning (Cheers.) The Chmkmin -Will the candidate do his best to abolish plural voting'' Mr Services' have always been in tax our of plural voting unless the electoral law is thoroughly) revised Plural voting has no great effect on elections, and personally I care very little whether it is done away with or not. The question has not been discussed for many years, Statistics have shown that plural voting is of very little interest, except as a matter of sentiment, that is to say, making one man better than another because he has Benjamin Franklin's. traditional donkey (Laughter) I will not promise to do away with plural voting The CHAIRMAN - Will the candidate sup ports progressive land tax that will put at end to large landed estates' Mr Sei metering question is based on an entirely fallacious idea (Cheers ). It is a catch question I am an old Parliamentary hand, like a gentleman in the old country, and I know such questions, whence they emanate, and how they come Everyone knows that the big estates are being broken up day by day, by gale and by a variety of causes, including the operations of syndi writes. The question is as ancient as the hills. It has passed away) In reply to other questions, Mr Service said he would do his best, if returned to bring about the opening of the Public Library and National Gallery on Sunday He had as T treasurer, once proposed an absentee tax amongst other taxes, and was laughed at by members on all sides of the House The question was asked "How are you to find the absentees One of the greatest radicals in the country, who was then sitting in Opposition, cried out ' Advertise for them 111 IhcAtuui ' He (Mr Service had not liked to hear the Time 01 absentee tax' since (Laughter ) Mr. W n li.niiKi.p. proposed the usual vote of confidence in Mr service (Cheers.) He had known Mr Service for many years ever since he was the chairman of the first municipality in the colony (Cheers ) Mr. C Li'TEtt seconded the motion no had known Mr Service for 30 years, and respected him more than ever He had always been a consistent politician It would be an honour to the Melbourne Province to have Mr Service as its representative, because it was essentially a commercial constituency, and Mr bence was incomparably the better commercial representative of the two candidates now before the electors (Applause ) The motion was carried unanimously. Mr. Seul let, 111 acknowledging the compliment said he had known and respected his opponent, Mr Byrne, for many years as an estimable fellow citizen and he was sure they would be as good friends after the election as they had hitherto been (Applause A vote of thanks to the chairman ended the proceedings 