OUR STORY. ANGEL. The great civil war was at an end. Brother Lawrence—now Colonel Delance— being at its close suddenly called to Europe upon important business—had placed me—not knowing what better to do with a young sister during his enforced absence of a year—in a finishing school for young ladies. We were orphans, you see, and I, having had no home excepting rooms in this or that hotel with brother Law rence, hailed with delight the house full of young ladies I was destined to live with for half a year. I would be much less lonely than ever before, I; thought, even if my only brother was "all seas over." So I kissed Lawrence good-bye, leaving a briny drop or two on his broadcloth lapels, watched him until nearly out of sight—which took not so long a time be cause of the increasing humidity of my eyes—nearly out of sight, mark me, I was too superstitious to have seen the last of him for anything in the world, and turned to make friends with my fellow-students that were to be. Remember, please, that this was a fin ishing school for young ladies, where no one was under 18, and some, especially two, were quite a goodly distance on their way towards 30. We, the wicked young lings, called them " old maids"—these two poor Misses Smidgeon ! They be longed to the " newly rich"- an odd out come of our war- and, after having had a few finishing touches, they meant to make their vast wealth eland for past faded youth. By night I was acquainted and quite at j my ease; and when the next morning a new pupil came I looked on at her re ception in the study parlour with the ele gant nonchalance of an old habitue. "And what is your Christian name, Miss Orme ?" enquired Madam. " Ainjel." "Angel !" Madame's extreme aston ishment caused an inadvertent echoing of the new pupil's name; and we girls, ga thered about our instructress, caught the sound and Anglicised the little old French name after our own fashion. So it was " Angel" Orme who joined our very se lect band of wisdom-seekers. She was not in the least an angelic ideal as far as her person went; short, thin, sallow; eyes (I wish 1 could, but I cannot help confessing) that, though bright and brown, in themselves, were now, it seemed, afflicted by a constant contraction of the lids—the result of a re cent illness, I learned. The red lips were small and nervous; the hair made us all laugh at our first sight of it, so short and frizzy and scattered it was, with a comical fashion of its own of standing out stiffly from her head. The young ladies, after their first curi ous glance of pity or derision, or both ig nored her almost entirely—not one dared to be rude under the eyes of Madame, and it was left to me to find out the good and the bad of ugly little Angel. My room was the only one with a single occu pant, so we became room- mateB. She studied hard—harder than the rest of us—with an eager devouring of all knowledge that came within her reach. Her desire to become proficient in all her allotted studies would keep her poring over her books until the bell signaled " lights out," when she would raise her white face from between the pages and close it with a sigh. " Tired, Angel ?" 1 asked one evening. ] It was some time before she answered me. ' Meanwhile the rain pattered against the closed shutters, and the wind, blowing down the chimney, made the lamp dame dance. It has been a stormy October day —such a day as made me sorry Lawrence hadn't taken me with him to where Telemachus and Syntax were all un known, and, feeling so, I longed for com panionship. " Yes, thank you, Margaret, I"am more tired than usual, though I cannot account for it—perhaps it is the weather," shud dering and going to the fire. The flames leaped up to kiss the wind, and by their light X saw tears upon the pale rojigh cheeks. Suddenly I said: " Angel, what troubles you?" "To-day is the anniversary of my mo ther's death, Margaret. It was just such a wild day as this has been. When they buried her the dying leaves fell aud laid themselves with all their bright beauty on the coffin lid. The wind iB moaning the sad story over again to-night." The eyes were half shut to keep tho tear back, the Rembrandtish gloom, and glow of the firelight on her face, softened i the too hard lines and made a weird pic ture of Angel Orme, as she knelt with clasped hands before the hearth. "Tell me about her, dear," I said softly. But Angel shook her bead. " There is not much to tell, Margaret, save that she is dead," and a something in her voice bade me spare her further questioning. In time I discovered that she was easily frightened, and would shriek out at any sudden, unaccountable noise in nervous terror. I, too, was nervous, and almost afraid of my own shadow ; and I smo thered my emotions and felt myself every inch a heroine at any sight of Angel's ner vousness. All the bravery I could command—and it was a pitiably small amount—I called to the fore whenever she, with a sharp little ciy, would look timidly towards where a shadow, perhaps, had suddenly shown itself, consequent upon some change in the lamp or firelight. If I'had only kept thiB to myself nothing more serious would have come of it than occa sional sympathetic spasms of terror from me, or great jumpings of my thumping heart clear up into my throat. I am po sitive Angel knew nothing whatever of my weakness because of the greatness of her own. " What frightened you, Angel ?" "The unexpected, and—and—I know 1 some day I shall see a ghost !" But Bhe laughed as she confessed ; for the bright sunshine lay warm and golden across the narrow limit of our little long bedroom, whither we had withdrawn to brush up seme French CoIIot for review, and no thing in the room suggested the superna tural. " I suppose, Angel, the sight of a dead body would drive you mad ?" " And there you are wrong, Margaret. I"—and her voice sounded strangely—" I have had much to do with death—I have fought inch by inch for those I loved— and—and too often he was conqueror!" The voice was no more than a whisper now. " But there—there ; a truce to sad thoughts. All my love and longing will not soften the king of terrors or bring my dear friends back to .mo." If I had only been less communicative —less idiotic. But I was both then to a .great degree; and our fellow-students, soon knew of the quantity and qnality of the fear that was stored away in No. seventeen. The last day of October wa3 spent in diligent practice for the grand entertain ment we wera to give the public on Thanksgiving Day. Angel and I had a duet to perfect ourselves in; and, until the clock struck ten in the music room that evening, we sat side by side pound ing -the. ivory keys of the grand piano until our very nerves were out of trim and tune. "Come, Angel, I pray thee cease. Professor Demitone can't more than kill us if wp bungle to-morrow—let's to bed. I'm sleepily stupid and stupidly sleepy— • wbat's that ?" "—' sh ! —' ah! Whisper!" came came cautiously from a door -opposite to the one leading into the hall. " We are going to have a Halloween party—-you're both invited—come on." " What fun ; come along Angel!" "No, I'll not" " And why ?" " I don't care for such things—that's why." "She doesn't care to see-her future husband by walking backward down the cellar stairs," whispered, qnite audibly, indeed, one of the merry maidens at the door. At this a giggle went the rounds, and " she's afraid" came to onr listening ears. They shouldn't say that of me— even, if it was truth—so off I started, leaving Angel to find her way upstairs alone. A half-hour of silent fan followed. How cautious we were—yet how every individual stair creaked impishly as we each took turns at enacting the simple- . ton. We tried a host of foolish things, and tired out at last we all said " good night" aud sneaked up to onr respective rooms. Angel was still looking over a bit of Virgil, too strnng up and nervous, she admitted, to go to bed without me. To please her I pushed our two small beds closely together, and in another ten min utes we were snugly ensconced, side by side. The lights were out and I had almost launched the dreaming boat upon the ocean of slumber when a short, hard gasp landed me high and dry upon the shore of consciousness. 44 Angel, what is it ?" I cried. No answer reached me; just another sharp gasp, and as I sat up in bed I found Angel sat erect too, and—shall I ever foiget it i—looking with wide, horror stricken eyes at an object that seemed to illuminate the whole room by its mere presence. Between the bed and a dis tant wall moved a tall, thin figure—a figure so transparent that every object it passed could be distinctly Been through it. The room, as I have said, was long and narrow—a sort of dormitory, in fact; but now containing only the two single beds in which Angel and I slept. When the apparition first Bhowed itself to ns it stood in a far corner ; but as we looked with horrified gaze and distended eyeballs "it" left the remote corner and slowly, noiselessly glided towards us, following the line of the opposite wall. I remem ber how frightful it was to see the pic tures of my dear parents which hung upon the wall through this horrible, ghastly, silently approaching shape. I thought of poor Angel and tried to keep my agony of fear from making it manifest to her—for my heart beat like a trip hammer, and the veiy bed shook as I shivered. On "it" came—nearer and nearer. " Angel," I cried in anguish, for from the reflected radiance of that awful thing I saw her face, seemingly wreathed in a strange and unearthly halo—go slowly from my sight and I knew she had fallen backward upon her bed.' I screamed in terror for I know not what dread thing had chanced, and in sudden and immediate answer to my cry « 1""^ nf giflij mating pnll.moll from the corridor, I knew in a second it was a trick of theirs to frighten Angel or me, or both of us. " How dared you ?" I thundered, 44 how dared you ? You knew that Bhe was nervous and you have killed her!" They gathered close about me, holding i aloft their lighted candles, which shed a j soft light over the poor little face I held upon my breast. The brown eyes were ^ closed, the lids for once motionless; the t mouth was open with the lax: look of the j dead, and I, in my grief for the girl I had \ known so short a while, cried out that j they had killed her. j Madame was hastily summoned, and, with her help, our Angel came once more to inhabit the earth ; but a whole week of utter prostration followed—a week which came to show me how much the ! poor little soul had endeared herself to me —for no one except Margaret Delance dared enter that sick room. Meantime Madame's severe reprimand sank deep into the remorseful hearts of the practical jokers, and a dark lantern together with a curiously painted strip of looking glass, explained the trick they had played. In a week's time Angel was in class as us usual. She said no reproachful word —she had no need. Every hair of her I head lay like a horrible weight upon the hearts of her schoolmates for it was as j white as snow. And when, in answer to some query, she sent a little, low, sweet laugh along with her gentle words, the tears would gather in oar eyes, while some of the more impulsive, tender- hearted girls would sob audibly. Minutes, hours, days, weeks, months passed ; and spring was > breathing sweet little odorous promises ofeoming sun shine and birds and blossoms when l felj ill. There was to be a meeting of the class to arrange for our closing exhibition in early summer; a meeting;that never was attended; for, before the hour set for it arrived, it was known throughout the whole locality that a dread -pestilence had made its insidious way into the very heart of the school. There was a frenzied packing of trnnks —a frantic rush from. the house—even Madame herself being among the first to quail before that awful destroyer of all beauty—the small-pox. In one short day the big building was deserted, not a soul remaining in it save my sick self and —Angel. "Go, Angel," I bad cried to her feverishly, " go and leave me to die alone !" Instead of answering my little room mate had barred out the yellow sunlight, thus filling the room with cool shadows that seemed to pour forth blessings from each dim comer ; and the wee hand, drip ping with ice-water, that she laid on my hot forehead waB a voiceless '' amen" to each blessing. J? "It came from your visit to the dye house, Margaret. I had my fears and soon ascertained that two men in the re novating establishment are also suffering from malignant small-pox. It seems the disease was brought in a big bundle of clothes to" be dyed—a bundle brought from the river town below. But don't yon be alarmed, dear, I shall not leave yon one second alone.' I have been visited by the scourge, and have it to blame for my ruiued beauty," smiling a sad smile. " I think I can nurse you safely back to health again, for"—with a strange little langh—" I was used to it, dear, in the army hospitals." " Why, Angel, do yon mean it ?" for getting my doomed self in wonder at her. " My brother had the small-pox when in the army, and I used to weep through the long dark nights thinking of him lying in the hospital ward with none other than careless men nurses to at tend on him. Were there many like yon, Angel?" " Yes, dear, hundreds better, much better than I. I was young in years, too young to know as well as "the others, but I had real experience, too; and I never trusted my Margaret's brother Lawrence out of my own keeping. You look so like him lying there with yonr hair pushed back from your brow, that it is only the most selfish of motives that keeps .me here, catching every , familiar look in the Bister's eyes of him I watched through hours of Bickening pestilence." I heard these words .as if the lips of j some visionary, disembodied soul were speaking, and I dreamily asked : " He loved you, Angel ?" " Yes ; and he sent me to the same school with his sister tha t I might learn to love her—as I have dear—as I have, dear." In the gloom of the darkened room Angel's face was in perfect keeping with her name—an expression of. holiness beautified it. Then, throughout those long weeks of spring, in her patient watching at my bedside, the cowardly little Angel showed a heroic side of her queer character. Nervously fearful of anything supernatu ral, at most times, she seemed to lose all this in her unselfish devotion and anxious care. And, afterward, when brother Law rence came and stayed with me during convalescence, he would hold the snow rift of a head in his big arms, and, with beaming tenderness in his eyes, would bow his handsome head as if in reverence, and tell me long stories of her brave hero ism—her midnight searches for the dying and wounded, even out npon the bloody, death-strewn battlefield. 