* . PAYING.A DEBT. Leonard Halsey had the toothache. That fact was undeniable. Equally undeniable was the fact that it was a pretty bad one nay, if that gentleman had been questioned about it, he would have insisted on it that no. human being had ever been under the sway of such a fiendish pain before-that it was impossible for a man to endure such agony five minutes-and this in the face of the fact that he had been suffering its red hot tortures for fifteen minutes, and was still sufficiently alive to swear like a trooper at each extra twinge. All day long the tooth had 'growled,' and now, in this dismal, little rainy town, where he was to spend the night, it had set in to ache at full swing. Leonard Halsey's teeth were his pride, and he hated to lose them ;.but, being a man of prompt action, he made up his mind that having it out was preferable to the death which would inevitably overtake him, should he suffer until morning. Knowing there was no dentist in the town, he determined to call upon the kindly offices of the first physician. S' Where does the nearest doctor live ' he inquired of the landlord. 'Just across the way, but---'-- Before he could go further, however, the agonised victim was half way across the street. - . There upon the door-plate made of spar, 'so that lie who runs (on a dark night). may read,' Halsey saw the legend in black let ters: 'Dr. E. Middleton.' 'is Dr. Middleton in f demanded he of the Irish girl who answered his ~minmons, with such fierceness that she fell -back, fear ing him an escaped lunatic. 's Dr Middleton in, I asked you ' de manded he again, still more impatiently.' 'Yis, sur; yis, sur.' ' Then what are you staring at I' ' Nawthin, sur. Walk into the office,' answered Margaret with her politest man ner, feeling that any other course placed her in the imminent danger of being scalped. 'Obedient to her order, he walked into the office' without further ceremor~y. Instead of the-doctor, however, 1was only a young girl reading a book. She rose poli tely, and acknowledged his presence, handed him a chair. She waited a second or so, with an expec tant look upon her face, and then asked in a sweet, clear voice: Oan I do anything for you 1 You seem to be suffering.' ' No, thank you. I just want to see your father.' This was at random, of course, but then Halsey was not in a condition- to be very lucid, or anything else that she thought was rational. ' My father,' echoed the girl with wonder in her voice. 'Why, he has been dead ten years.' ' I mean Dr. Middleton. I beg your par don for assuming that he was your father, but thisconfounded toothachemakes meforget everything, my manners included.' A burst of soft merriment made him look angrily at this girl who dared to laugh while be was in such misery. 'It is now my turn to ask your pardon, but I think you will understand my laughing, and excuse it. I am Dr. Middleton. Now can I do anything for you.' ' It was Halsey's turn to fall back a step or two, or he would have done so, but that he had seated himself at once on entering the office; but it is no exaggeration to say that his misery was swallowed up in the momentary shock of amazement. ' But, good heavens---1 hate women doctors and 1 want this tooth out,' he replied, angrily as if he resented her sex, and con sidered himself personally aggrieved thereby. 1 'm sorry, but I don't see how I can help it now, demurely answered Dr. Middleton. ' Help what ' asked Halsey. Being a woman doctor he knew she was laughing at him, though never a ghost of a smile was on her face and she shook her head gravely, as though she deprecated the circumstance. ' Where is the next .ddctor, or is she a woman, too I' asked Halsey, impatiently. ' No, 'she' is a man, and has a dwelling house about twenty yards off, hut is away for the night. If you'd wait till about noon to-morrow ' she suggested, wickedly, in a questioning tone. ' Heavens ! wait till noon ! who don't you suggest my waiting till doomsday ' he re plied, savagely. ' Is there no other? ' Yes, oie other--Dr. Alford! 'Is he a man or woman V'. 'He's a man, too. But---'. 'But what ? Tell me quick. Good graci ous! woman, did you ever have the tooth ache I Hurry up and relieve me.' ' Imperfectly willing to be of any service. Dr. Alford, who is your only remaining hope, is sick in bed. Still, you might try there. If not, come back, and I'll lend yiu my for ceps, so that you may pull it yourself. 'Halsey shot out of the door muttering to himself, 'A woman doctor! Humph ! wanted the job herself, likely. I bet I'll find some body to talke out this.: confounded mass of pain. Lend me her forceps indeedr A woman that will stand and laugh at a man in my misery must be.a perfect fiend.' But then, what could be expected of a woman who would study medicine SMuttering to himself, he wandered up and down the muddy.streets, but all to no pur pose. - Misery finally brought him back to Dr. Middleton's door. * I've come to ask you to lend:me your for ceps. I'm going to getsome man to pull this thing.' Dr. Middleton hesitated a moment, then said, bravely : '1 offered you my forceps in a spirit of mis chief, well knowing you would never under take the thing yourself.. But I cannot put them into the hands of an ignorant person. I am too much of a physician not to be aware of the grave results that might follow frem an injudicious use of them. Yet I hate to refuse you, for I know you're in such misery, and it seems just as if I wanted to do it myself. Halsey could not help admiring the brave manner in which this young lady faced an unpleasant situation. ' Can you really do it ? You don't look strong enough.' 'I can really do it, and I am plenty strdrig enough.' 'You won't hurt me.'. 'That I cannot promise. I won't hurt you unnecessarily.' Doubtfully eyeing the doctor, Leonard took his seat and prepared for the operation which . he persuaded himself, could not be much worse than the misery he was now suffering. In a. moment is was over, but so was Halsey, for the sudden revolution had caused him to faint. In a moment he came to himself again to find soft hands bathing his head. 'Am I dead V he murmured. 'Oh, no,' gaily answered the doctor. ' People don't ask questions when they are dead.' Halsey sat up straight and looked around in bewilderment. Suddenly it all came to him, and he exclaimed : 'By jove. You're a plucky one!' The doctor laughed, and seated herself at some little distance while he recovered his equilibrium. 'May 1 ask you, Mr--Mr--' 'Halsey,' supplemented. Leonard.: 'Thank you. - May I ask y'oi, I'r Halsey, why you'dislike women physicians 1 Is it on principle V - - .. ' It is,-madam- though it sounds ungracioas in.me tosayso. - -. ' But on-what principal, Mr Halsey V per sisted- the doctor.'i 'tAie you icquainted . with many ofhmy profesion whio have proved unworthy the-trustplaced in them ?' \-- 'Good gracious! No; I don'tknow one. Never would become acquainted with any of them.' - ' Ah, then I understand, Mr Halsey. It is prejudice, not principle.' 'John,' touching her tap-b? , get Jerry ii ready now. I'm off.' ' Are ydu gqing out such a ight as this 1', exclaimed Halsey in amazem t. I ' Why not ? Is it not m business to do ii it T 'Well, but I thought won n only kind of i' half did these things. f ' I never half do anything undertake, or c I should, perhaps, have left half yor tooth i in,' she replied, with digni . ' And now I must wholly dismiss you, there is a sick ? baby waiting me two miles way.' Is Bewildered IIHalsey wen' over to the hotel. But weariness overcame is bewilderment a and sleep soon had possess n of him. s Whirling away to t city next day, i Halsey was suddenly st ck with an idea, that caused him to crims , and strike his 1J knees vigorously. 'By Jove !' he exclaim I aloud, regardless I of surroundings. ' I nev offered the woman I z a cent for what she di What must she 'I think of me The ide of going into a doctor's office, abusing r whole tribe, and then, after she had don er level best for me never ever mentioning ney to her. Well, I what must she thik lif e .' And the thought of laine Middleton's mirth filled, as she, no doubt, enjoyed the situation, was almost a hard to bear as the toothache had been. ' I will send it to he as soon as I get to home,' he muttered. Sitting down in his tom to send the de sired money, he founa himself in a quan dary. He did not krow what her charges were. To offer her too little was shameful; to offer her too much looked like ostentation or charity. Further, if he sent it by post, he would never know bhether she received it unless he asked her to acknowledge it; and if he did that-ask a roman to acknowledge the receipt-he woul4look mean. Altogether he fourd himself caring mu.h for the opinion of tbis much-to-he-despised ' woman doctor,' alt4bugh he told himself he didn't care what shethought. He settled-i, thatiho would go down spe cially and see her, ind pay his hill in the 1 course of three or iour days, and ' be done with her.' I But before he ad a chance, important business took him t Europe, and the annoy ing matter was s flowed up in matters of greater importanc After three m ths of hard work he sat down upon the d k of the vessel to rest. Noting the bustlh and confusion of voices around him, there camne to him, from some little distance a -ry, one ' good-bye' that affected him strariely. Turning to noti the owner, he saw a face strangely familiaj curiously unknowvn. Upon the arm of the young girl leaned a sweet faced, white-hailed old lady. 'Be careful, mother,' said the voice he knew, 'you will fall.' But the warning came too late. The old lady tripped and fell directly into Halsey's arms, spread to catch her. ' Thank you. sir, oh, thank you !' exclaimed the daughter, in a frightened voice. Mother, dear, are you hurt ?' SNot.at all, Elaine,' but the mother shook with fright. ' Le. ne take, your mother down stairs,' said Halsey, earnestly. At the sound iof his voice the daughter started (she had not looked at him before) and looked at him quickly. ' Thank you, Mr Halsey,' she said with a smile, ' I shall be glad to have you help me. 'Dr. Middletonl' exclaimed Halsey, en lightened at last as to the resemblance and voice which had baffled him. The voyage was a beautiful one, and these three, so strangely thrown together, and knowing no one else, found much to say to each other. The remembrance of Halsey's mother, ten derly loved, and bitterly mourned, when lost two years before-she thought of what her baby boy might have been, had he lived to be strong and tall and tender as this young man was--drew Halsey and Mrs Middleton closely together. Many times Halsey wished he could speak of that thoughtless act of his, but innate delicacy prevented, and he felt that, unless something extraordinary happenedl, he must forever go round with that in his mind. Halsey had one peculiarity-a hatred of small obligation--and this made him uncom fortable under the present circumstances. A few days more and they parted, with an earnest invitation from Mrs Miiddleton to come and see them--an invitation heartily accepted by Halsey. ' lReally,' he said to himself, ' I must go and see the dear old lady soon.' And 'soon' proved to be at the end of the week. Week followed week, and with it, every Wednesday evening, with unfailing regu larity, was Halsey found at Middletons', visiting the old lady. Elaine flittered in and out, and paid no particular attention to him. But her mother noticed, with a smile, that lately on WVednesdays Elaine sceried in somewhat of ahurry, and managedlto~get through with. her regular visits earlid in the day, so as to give the evenings only lo 'casuals.' But one evening caun when Mrs Middle ton was too sick to ie him. A sudden resolve fired Halsey. 'Dr. Middleton,' he siid, bravely, looking at her with his honest yes, ' I owe you a. debt. Wait!' as she ws about to interrupt" him. A year ago to-nigh)t, and just such a night, I came here for y~ur services. Well, no,' he corrected himself,i with a laugh, 'not exactly that, for your fither's services. I have never settled the deit I owe you.' ' Mr Halsey,' she exclaimed, with a hurt look that nearly distracted him. 'And to-night I am det·rinined to pay it.' ' An. offer of money from you now, Mr Halsey, I regard as an insult, and one which I never expected to receivce at the hands of one whom I had grown to regard.as a dear friend.' .And tears trembled in her voice, showing:l how deep was the wound in her heart. I ' Miss Middleton,' exclaimed Halsey, with an intonation that made her tremble, while the blood drifted slowly away from her face, though she would not meet his eye. 'I did not intend to offer you money, I intended to offer myself. Not,' he added, hypocritically, 'that I consider" myself anything like an equivalent for-the sum due you.' Elaine looked up and laughed ; she could nothelp it. The abject humility of his voice was.too much-for h!er. I..kiov it is very ' You see,' he continued, ' 1 want co pay my debt with interest-nay, more than interest, with love!' ' But you forget, Mr Halsey, that I am a Swoman doctor,' and you ' hate' us all.' 'Oh, no, not all, my darling !' seeing no denial in her face, ' for J love you. ' Oome !' and he held out his arms to her. A second's hesitation, and she went for ward into the shelter of his arms, saying, as she went forward into the shelter of his arms, saying, as she laid her head against him: ' I am tired, Leonard, and you always rest me so! though I would not have acknowledged it before,' she added, roguishly. 'But does not it strike you as being a rather conceited way of paying a debt '' '1 admit it,' he assented with much humility ; ' and even now you have a perfect right, if you prefer'----and his hand sought his pocket book. 'No, never mind,' she replied, laughing. 'A fair exchange is no robbery.' ' To think I should have sold myself for five shillings !' exclaimed Halsey, dolefully. 