THE STORY-TELLER. THE GHOST OF A CHANCE. |By S. Lkes.1 In literal trnth it was that only, yet it haunted me with moat ghost-like persistence. It worried me through the sleepless hoars of the night, and danced between me and the pages of the ledger on which I vainly bent my inattentive eyes, At last I oonld bear its uncanny presence no longer. I flung down my pen, and dragging the phantom ont into the daylight, looked steadily in its impish, mocking face— "Sensible eonl,"I said, derisively, "your dreame are eo likely to be realized. They are ionnded on snch an admirable basis of eolid sense. Naturally yon, with your six-and twenty yeare, your empty pookets, and no prospects at all, think yourself entitled to at least a plaoe in the race matri monial, bat wnen yoa go in for the blue ribbon yoa mast admit the betting is horribly against yoa, aad yet last night—oh, what a fool 1 am 1" And then despite the obvioae trath of the con cluding words my thoughts went wandering off again, basil; reproducing all the incidents on whion my lonatio hopes were founded. Ton see, the way of it was this. I Gerald Errington, being young, poverty • atrioken, and a fool, had fallen in love with a girl, beautiful as the heroine of the last popular novel, twenty timeB better bred, and aa rioh —well, jnst about twice as rich as the wealthy Banker, who, more ont of regard for my widowed mother than appreciation of me, gave me a hundred a year to muddle his books for him, The very powers of mischief mnst have conspired to bring abont a meeting between us, our paths were so little likely naturally to cross. One bright spring morning, now eix months ago, 1 did not know of Evelyn Forteecne's existence, and by nightfall I was hopelessly in love with her. She said I saved her life, and I enppoBO I did save her from some braises, perhaps from a broken bone or so, bat any bricklayer in the crowd might have done the same, and she oonldn't fall in love with him, you know. There I am, at it again. It was at a concert, one of those great crowded popular affairs at whiob the orush is something impossible to describe and ter rible to think about, when you remember how easily things go wrong, and imagine that good-natured smiling crowd moved by one wild-beast impulse of eelf-preservation struggling through the narrow passages and half-oloaea doors. Bah 1 it makes me eiok when I think of it, I had gone early rather to accommodate Fred Presoott, my employer's son, who showed me a persistent friendliness difficult to shake off, and who was a musical maniao, than to please myself: and now, in an interval of the singing, stood turning my glass rather listlessly round upon that eea of unfamiliar faces, suddenly one among them caught my attention and held it fast. "What is it, Errington?" said my com panion with some ouriosity. "Have you lost your heart or your wits, which?" " Look at that young lady in the front row of the etalis." Young Presoott raised hie glass and non chalantly adjusted it. He ia something of the conventional swell for all hie kind heartedness, and wonld save a friend'e life with a etiff- backed slowness of movement or speak hie dying words with a sooiety drawl. " Which girl do yon mean ? the sqninting one in green and yellow, the elderly party in white muslin and bine ribbons, or that severe young person in gold speotaoles, who's doing suoh tremendous pencilling on her soore ?" "No, no," I answered impatiently, "A little to your left; there, now, do you see her ?" He took a good long comprehensive stare, dropped his glass, ana turned to me with a pitying look. " My dear Errington," he said plaintively, " if yonr impressionable heart has any moth like intention of flattering round that brilliant flame, never say yon were not warned in time. That lady is the belle of the season, the licensed heart-breaker for this year of grace, beauty, heiress, and more than all the Bensation of the day; surely even you muBt have heard of Evelyn Fortesoue?" " The Sonth American heiress? " "The same, my friend, and abont as un approachable a young princess as it has ever been my. lot to see; her people have an account with the governor, and I met her the other day, but I don't presume on acquain tanceship, as it is most probable my lady ranks her banker with the ooffee-ooloured servants, who tumble down in reverence before her dainty feet when she queens it at home. So close your eyes and guard your heart while there is yet time, like a sensible fellow!" The pleasant drawling voice fell on my ear, but I paid small attention to the wordB it spoke. Who would have heeded them with Evelyn Fortescue's faoe before his eyes? 1 had seen many beautiful women before now. For in that matter all men with eyes in their head are eqnal, bnt never this girl's equal. You have seen her face on thB Academy walls. Miliars did his best to repro duce its proud beauty. You know the lustre of the dark velvety eyes, the curve of the small scarlet lips, the perfeot oval of the face. . But I am talking nonsense. Yon did not see her sitting like some vision of superb unconscious loveliness within a few paoes of von, or your face would have flushed, your heart beating and gone out to her ,as mine did then. Aye, in spite of every argument that reason could scrape together, in spite of that confounded blotted old ledger and the hundred a year, always spent before it was due. How long I should have stared owl and fool like in the same direction I don't know, bnt Fred touched me on the arm, and looking round I saw, not the mooking smile I was prepared for, bnt a disturbed, almost frightened look in his steady eyes. "Don't start, Erriogton," he said, in his nsnal qniet way, twisting the programme he held between his long, slim fingers. " Don't move or speak, bnt just look at the celling," Obediently I raised my eyes. Shall lever forget the horror of that sight ? Right ronnd the circle of the great glittering gasaUer, set like an immense jewel in the centre of tha vast domed roof, saw a red and increasing ring of flame, from which little jets of smoke were now beginning to issue. "They must see it in a moment," Fred went on rapidly, still bending over the paper, as though he spoke only of the singer named there. " It is a marvel they have not seen it yet. The managers have; they.are on the roof now. Pray heaven they get the doors well open and the passages clear before the rash domes." He paused significantly. I glanced at Miss Fortes cue, and my heart stood still. I knew - the wisdom of Preaoott'a warning. I dared not speck or stir, but inaotion was -terrible witb that angry, spreading ring above. *' Fire 1" with a horrible ebrillnesB, a maddened fury, the terrible cry rang out, and then, as though in answer to some dreadful incantation, the scene changed from one of calm enjoyment to something, worse' than a battlefield, all those respectable men and women seemed possessed by so many devils. The selfish impulse reigned rampant ■ and alone, brutally pushing and striving on its outward way, trampling down women and childten, balking its own desires by the blind' fury with which it pursued' them. The crowds pushed on, choking each entry, and rendering escape impossible to all but the strongest, the shrieks of the women grew more piteous, the curses of the men louder as the fire glowed more hotly, and a gush of blind ing smoke added to the horrors and tbe dangers of the meh. The ball waa about half-oleared now, though by the criea and trampling aounda that reached us we guessed it to be the hall only. The passages and stairs were crowded. I looked acroiB the narrow rows of chain that divided as, and saw with a sharp ridion lous pang that Evelyn Fortescue was still there. The old lady and the blonde hand some man who had been her companions had vanished, swept from her side by the surg ing orowd or oblivions of her in a selfish care for their own safety. Whatever the canBe she stood now alone, and appa rently undaunted by her position. With the mantilla of lace thrown over her dusky head, with determination in her steady eye and set lip, and a flush that was more than the re flection of the ruddy flame above upon her eheok, sbe was threading her way etep by step through the abject shrieking wretches who surrounded her, and making for [the nearest door. fiffSI She had reached, she was about to paBS through, when a cowardly hound—I cannot call him a man—saw her intention; saw,.I suppose, some vaoant place, sprang before her, and pushed her baok with such violence that she staggered and fell—fell in the midst of that maddened trampling crowd 1 I don't know, I never shall know, how I managed it. 1 daresay I was crueller than the oruellest. I daresay J trod ruthlessly on all who stood between us, bat I reached her side at last, and dragged her senseless, but, thank heaven, uninjured, from that terrible seething mass. By Preeoott's advioe I made no fnrther effort to advance. We drew up closely to the wall, shielding the unconscious girl as well as we oould from the crowd, and there we waited our fate. Ere long we saw the wisdom of the oourse we pursued. The orowd cleared away, leaving what dreadful relioB behind I need not say, every one has read the story of that dreadful night. We ledMiss Forteeoue, still weak, trembling, and incoherently grateful ont into the starlit night we had scarcely hoped to look upon again, and took her home to her guardian's onarge. And that is all. An hour's incident is to change the whole current of my life. Make me forget my lowly state and dream—No, I will dream no longer. Grateful 1 Heaven bless her. Yes, she is grateful enough, too grateful for my reason or peace of mind. She sought out my mother and won her heart, won from her that old world story of our past grandeur, our present fall. - Won me even from my stern resolution not to dangle at any fine lady's heels, brought me to balls and soirees, where no one in the least wanted me, and where X found but a sub-aeid sweetness in her fitful friendliness, her ohanging regard. She has tried to benefit me substantially, too, to improve my position with the governor, but I would hare none of that, and so I tola her, angrily or awkwardly J suppose, for her face grew quite white ana then flushed a lovely red. " You are right, she said with a sort of proud meekness. "I will never interfere again." " Oh, heavens; why had she not twopence a year or I twenty thousand, that I might catch her in my arms, and toll her what an awfnl fool I am. And last night I dined at her guardian's. The blonde deserter, who sees the folly of my appearanoe in such exalted company quite as clearly as I do, who is her euardian s son, a captain in Her Majesty's hussars, and as in solent and brainless a puppy &b; I have yet badi, the pleasure of meeting, made himself Consistently disagreeable throngh the dinner, and Evelyn herself was soaroely friendly until just the very last. Then I was standing by a small side table at one end of the long drawing-room, idly turning over an. elaborately gilt and decorated book of " Con fessions'' when I Bnddenly felt rather than, raw that Evelyn Fortescue was beside me, her dark eyes fixed on the book I held. " Your confession," she read slowly, "does it hold yours, Mr. Errington?" " No, Miss Fortescue; I do not believe in confession." " And l ao! l Believe in power tor good to lie illimitable, that is from friend to friend, not from penitent to priest, who knows what hearts it has saved from break ing, what misunderstandings it has set right." She spoke low and passionately under cover of a noisy piece of music then performing, ber eyes glittering like aDgry stars from the. vivid beauty of her face. I did not answer. She caught up the " confessions" and opened them. " Your favourite hero," she read out mock ingly, "tell me yours Mr. Errington f No, I must describe him for you. He must be big, muscular, incapable of bodily fear, for I know you set no store on moral courage. la it not so?" I looked at the bright questioning face. What did she mean ? Was she tempting me " It must be so, sinoe Miss Fortescue says it" "Oh! Miss Fortescue is often wrong. You are a hero yourself. I owe you my life,. my—oh, do not be afraid of my praise; your heroism is not that whioh contents me, or whioh I most admire. You would risk your life, shed your blood in a world-applauded cause. You have not the proud, patient,, courage that would make you follow the impulse of your heart, though you knew it to be an honest one, when men might misin terpret your motives, possibly even mock at you. Ho you know that I go home soon, Mr. Errington?" " Home J" " To my own dear home! Yes. I have few friends, but one home—this"—with a. disdainful glance round the handsome bril liant-lighted room—" this is my guardian's bouse, and my guardian—hush, there is Captain Pentbyn." She broke off and moved bo quickly from my side that I looked round in some be wilderment, On the other side of the oval table stood Philip Penthyn, with a darker scowl than any but a reoently rejected suitor would venture to wear in general society, spoiling the beauty of his insolently handsome face. Meeting my eyehe made an attempt at a supercilious smile, which faded away in a sickly and malevolent grin, the blonde deserter has evidently been deserted in his turn, and takes the desertion very much to heart. I still stood listlessly by the table, staring with nnBeelng eyes at the books and pictures crowding it, hoping, yet fearing, that Evelyn wonld again approach when Fred Prescott. came np, "Time to go, I thiok. Errington," he said, in hie soft! slow drawl. And not sorry to have the awkwardness of my solitary state broken through and my mind made up forme; I hurried through my adieus, and followed in his wake down the stairs. We had not got more than half-way down the street, Fred had just lighted his cigar, and was puffing forth soft spiral wreaths of smoke and languid criticisms on the " dead alive sort of evening we had got through," when another footstep that had been follow ing steadily on our track suddenly chimed in with ours,' and to my great surprise I saw . ~ . -, PeQthyn had joined us. Ifanoy that Captain ] ^ he had been drinking, for his faoe had the un natural pallor, his eyes the fixed glassy stare, rarely seen with a perfectly sober man. "Mr.—er—Errington," he began stiffly, " I have—er—a few words to say to you." ' I bowed. What else could 1 do 1 though I dreaded the purport of those words, and would have given mnch to stop their utte ranoe., " I am glad that Mr.—er—Presoott is with yon." (Fred acknowledged the allusion to him by a oool, prolonged stare through his eyeglass.) "It is aB well that there abould be a witness to my—er—warning." "Warning! Captain Penthyn?" "Yes, warning," he said doggedly. " Look here, air, yon have been my father's guest. Why, heaven knows he doesn't usually pick them up in Bank parlours, and so 1 won't eay what I think of your conduct; but yon Bhall playnormore tricks in his house—Bneaking after a lady who" " Stop," I cried imperatively. PreBOOtt laid his hand on my wrist as 1 Bpoke. " Hush, Errington; don't you see the man is drank?" Low as the words were Philip Penthyn caught them. "Drank, am I?" he eohoed fiercely. "Not so drank that 1 can't eee through yon, aye, and spoil your little game too. Don't oome to onr house again, Mr. Errington. We decline the hononr of your acquaintance, Miss Fortescue deolines the hononr of your acquaintance, or ' if she doesn't she must cultivate it some where else. Now yon know what yon are to do." He turned to go, and turning touched against me with studied insolence, with such force that the lighted cigar i held flew from my hand like a failing star in la balcony full of flowers. I was a fool, I know; bnt passion was too strong for me; my blood tingled in mjr veins. I clenched my fist, and the next minute Captain Pentbyn'e face stared up white and wild from the unsavoury gutter. I need not dwell on the row that followed; in faot I don't remember much of it, thougn Fred Prescott's parting words haunt me drearily enough. " Well, you've done for yourself now, at any rate, Errington." "Done for myself! Well, IsuppoBe I have; she is scarcely likely to be won in a boxing match, However, the ghost and I have had it out now. She'll be gone soon, and then —. Well, then, I hope I-shall earn my hundred a year more honestly than I have done to-day, for it's time $0 be off home." Home 1 This is borne, but matters are even worse with me than I thought. My ghost pursues me : still. This is the homely, \- familiar room in which I have eaten so many hasty meals, toiled through suoh mountainous piles oi figureB, and dreamed suoh frantic dreams. The fire light leaps with, the old welcoming movement upon the barely covered walls, the old grey cat onrls up upon the rug, the canary ohirps in the recess of the window, bnt it is not my mother who oomes timidly forward to greet me. " Miss Fortescue," I orv, and then some thing in her pale face and dark serious eyeB seems to stop my speeah. " Yes, I Mr. Errington," she answers gravely. " I am leaving England at ouoe after what occurred last night. I have heard it ell yon see. 1 knew you would not rail again, so I came to say goodby." 1 took the little hand ehe extended, it waB oold as a stone. " Yon go at onoe, then," 1 repeated awk wardly enough. "At once! Did Captain Penthyn tell yon why my guardian's house was no more a home for me? They are cruel there now. They cannot forgive me that Philip is not my hero—Philip," she laughed melodiously, "who left me to burn, to be trampled to death. Ho matter; 1 did not oome to epeak of that. Sou did not desert me, Mr. Erring ton. Is there no way in which I can show my gratitude to yon before I go?" Something in her look, in the tremulous tone of the last words, seemed to break down all my resolution and reserve, to foroe me into speeoh against my will. " Forget what I am saying. You can do more for me than that. Captain Penthyn did well to forbid me your presence. He guessed that I was fool and madman enough to love you." Ho answer; but the dark beantifnl head bends in the firelight. I hear the quick throbbing of my own heart. I am ungenerous; cowardly, to plead thus aud here; but it is my last chance, and I must speak. " 1 who am penniless and worse,you oallme brave, but I am a ooward here. I cannot decently oover up a pain that you, that all the world, may mock at. With all my heart and soul I love yon. Shall I make my mad nesB complete, and aBk you to he my wife." " Yes. 1 could not be mistaken, lowly as it was spoken; the word fell on my ear clear, dis tinct, decisive, with something even of pride In its tone, and still I doubted the evidence of my esn8e. " Evelyn ! For pity sake do not mook me now. fiave I the ghost of a ohanoe ?" God bless her 1 She did not leave me long in doubt. She eame to me trembling ana bashful, yet of her own Bweet will, nearer and nearer, until I oanght her in my arms and held her fast. And then with her head upon my shoulder, her sweet dark eves up turned to mine, she whispered shyly and with many a flitting blnsh— "No, for it is chance; no more a glorious, happv, and unchanging truth. Bnt, oh! Gerald, if yon bad let me go, if yon had not been brave enough to grasp and hold that phantom ohanoe, of which you were 80 terribly afraid, it would have haunted you and me for ever." 