®fo If yuto* (Somw. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 'M, 1S8S. "AViiKiiFA-Kit carrion is, there will eagles be gathered." The carrion in the present case is represented by the old manure depot at Kelvin Grove, and the eagles are different institutions who aro eager to pounce upon this very desirable tit-bit. The land has been valued at between £10,000 and ¿£12,000, and it is understood that the Government determined a short time ago to offer it for sale in allotments, we presume to the highest bidder. The local authorities, the Ithaca Shire Council, the Windsor Shire Council, and the Boorooelabin Divisional Board, have put iii a claim for it as a municipal reserve or public park ; and the National Agricultural and Industrial Association have deputationised the Govern- ment-directly and indirectly-and asked that the land should be granted to them in feo-Bimple for the purposes of the society. It is to be hoped, whatever tiie ultimate destination of what proved for so long a very unsavoury depût,that it will not bo cut up for building purposes, and that the Government will see tlio propriety of with- drawing it from sal«. To attempt to erect dwelling houses on such a site, which apart from its former uses is low-lying, would be to constitute it a perfect fever-bed and a centro of infection for the Avhole of the northern suburbs. Before the land could be put to any residential purpose it must be purged ; ploughed, cultivated, and n long succession of crop3 taken from it, or what would be best of all, planted with treca and shrubs, which constitute the mort efficient aids to complete sanitation of any plague spot. But it may be further urged that to cut up the Kelvin Grove Depot into allotments would be to destroy one of the few remaining reserves left to Brisbane. There is no capital city in all Australia Avhere unhappily there are so few recreation grounds or public parks as in Brisbane. And the Treasury is surely not so depleted, nor the Government so devoid i if public spirit and interest in the public welfare of the future as of the present, that they are going to repeat Mr. Dutton's mistake of selling Roma-street Reserve. AVhatever he the ultimate desti- nation of the old depot, it ought to be dedicated in some shape to the people, and kept in the hands of the public, or of trustees for the public, "Even if the claim of the local authorities for the land be put aside, it may be judiciously and practically met by deA'Oting it to any of the uses to which it has been suggested it may be put other than for 1G-perch cottage allotments. The grounds on Avliich the National Asso- ciation asks that the land should be con- veyed over to it are that it lias suddenly become aware that it has never been able to carry out its full pro- gramme, anil what was expected of it towards the advancement of agriculture. Among the objects of the association are the propagation, for experimental purposes, of indigenous fodder grasses and herbs, and the testing of their value as fodder ; and the encouragement of the application of science to the general purposes of agri- culture. It is also said that it is desirable that the association should be able to teat somewhere under its own supervision various kinds of manure and methods of cultivation. These are most praiseworthy objects, and if gone about under proper management they might prove of incalculable benefit to the agricultural progress of Queensland. The experimental farms at Roehanipstead, in England, and the operations of the Boyal Agricultural Society in A'arious parts of England have done a great deal to assist scientific farming in the old country, while the reports of the Highland and Agricul- tural Society of Scotland on the experiments made at its stations with soils, manures, green and white crops have played no mean part in raising Scotland to the front rank as an agricultural country. But is there not something behind the desire of the National Association to engage in scien- tific experiments? Mr. Newton, who put the case of the association before the Minister for Lands last week, said that the association had had only a small subsidy from the Government, and that it had never had a grant. In fact, what is really wanted is a grant of land "to give it a start in life." This is an unfortunate expression, because hitherto we liave been accustomed to regard the association as one of our most " live institution», and one which was dolnga really treat and srood work for th» colnnv. It is perfecta ti ne that the association In. never received a grant of land, whereas nthei in- stitutions less jiiatsewoithly md loss national m .tims, aspirations, and genuine laboius, have been geneiously endowed with land The most notable matinee of this of course is the National Association s landlord .At Bowen Park-tho Acclimatisation Society And perhaps it ia only fair that the National Association should be ptit on ill fours with the Acchmitisition Society, which so far ia the general public can per ceivehosnot done a tithe of the work which the former association has pel formed for the advancement of the science and art of agriculture in all its branches The Minister for Limls was wrong in alleging that the National Association is more a Brisbane than a national institution Afore than half its mtnibeis are non íesident in Brisbane md consider ibly more than half its premiums go to country farmers and pastoralists Anil the mere facts of its head quarters being situated in Brisbane anil'ts annual shows being hel 1 in Brisbane do not make it a local concern Moreover, it is the only National Agriculttual Asso ciation in Australia which has not received from the Government n grant of land, and an annual Biibsidy much larger than that enjoyed here The claims of the National Association for a land grant, and a larger annual subscitption from Govern- ment, may be recognised without admitting that it has made out an overwhelming case for the endowmentof the Kelvin Grove depot Although, it must not be overlooked that on general principles an independent association, whether for the advancement of agriculture or any other science, moat fre quently does best work when not coddled with Government assistance in any shape or form Government help n cans, 01 ought to mean, Government control, and Govern ment control, in however slight a manner exercised, deprives the association of its independent character The National Association is no doubt hampered in its operations, first from want of roomimts presentgroundsaud secondfrom the fact thit it is only a tenant and does not care to spend i large sum of money in handsome md permanent Exhibition build inga The association is unquestionibl*, entitled to some consideration, and it was a pity that the negotiations with the Acchtni hsation Society in regard to their site fell through It has been suggested th it the Government should gnnt the Kelvin Grove dep jt to the Acclimatisation Society and that tile latter should hand over in exchange its land at Bowen Park to the National AQsociation It seems to be almitted that the soil at Bowen Pari is not at ill adapted for a garden and th it indeed the soil of the present gardens has had to be made On the other hand report alleges that the soil it Kelvin Grove is capital and rendered all the more valuable for cultural pu rpost s by the uses to which it was formerly put The exchange might then be beneficial to both the societies and the pioject is woithy of serious consider ition As tilt matter Btands the National Association seems to have little chinee of the giant of kelvin Grove The Minister foi Lands told depu tations on Friday and yesterday that he was not in favour of it and Avould not recommend it Apparent!*, that was because ho his a project f his own Ile hinted stiongly that Kelvin Grove might be constituted one of the testing stations which the Department of Agu culture is establishing in diflercnt parts of the colony At these stations seeds and plants of economic value ire t) be sown and cultivated, and when their usefulness is pioved they will be distubuted to farmers ill ovei the colon* lins, of course, is whit the Acclimatisation Society ostensibly do now, what the N itional Asso ciation, Avith newborn .»cal, sa* s it wishes to do And the i|Uistion auses whether it is best that an experimental or testing station should be in the li tnds of the Depattmont of Agriculture, under the supervision of the Mimstei for Lands, oi m the hands of an independent societj Theie is ihngei of no really good work being done if it be at- tempted to be ace ituplislu d by scattered cfloits It is best to concentrate the money and eneigy m one well equipped experimental farm aud nutsery We aie certain that compiehensive experiments of an exhitistiAe aud reilly useful charictei, which would aid in a ti ne md getunal s»nse the farming interests-and we include iu tins the gi owing of new and nnpoited grasses, markt t garleuing and ft mt culture -of Southern Qtuenslmd could not be carrie 1 on so well bj the National Associa taon or the Acclimatisation Society as by one powerful organisation, well equipped an 1 under the dire t coutiol of a Go* ern nient Depaitment fo return to Kelvin Grove, whatevei, as we have said, is to bo done with it, it should be ri sert ed as an open public place-whether gai den, unrsei), testing station, or aiboietum Is the old fable, the moral of the misad venture which befell the foolish shepherd, who caused such repeated ami unnecessary inconvenience to Ins fneilds by audible allusions to wolves, was that jon on0ht not to plaj with dinger Ibis unhappil* breaks down m the case of the foolish people in Euiope who are foi ever raising adust over the imminence of war 1 he) frighten and annoj everyone, but letrtbutive fate seems quite lame in pursuit of those who most de serve ita lash And what makes the thing so insufferable is that our positive certainty of the war wolf s arrival sooner or later, and sooner rather than later, and otu knowledge of the incommensurable in- terests winch it ruiy involve, forbids us to neglect anxiety and vigilance at every fiesh recurrence of the parrot cry True, cloud after cloud has risen and dispersed, though sometimes the heavens have been black with imminent tempest. But who tan sa) that this or that new cloudlet, now no bigger than a man a hand, may not be the veritable presage of the deluge 1 Thus it has been in the post When two nations fear and hate one another, war is merely a question of tune The state of Europe in the early fifties, before the Crimean War, was less portentous than it is now. The Austro French war of 1SV1, the Austro German A* ar of 1RG7, the 1 raneo German war of 1870, proceeded from niatenals less ready than those at hand today in the respectixe conditions of trance and Ger many and Italj, Austria and Russia and the Balkan States The .-eculiar tenor of the present war problem m Europe is its universality We must go back to the da) a preceding the rise of France to a dominant position under Loma XIV, to see so many and so ereit foes all "larme* at one another with clenched teeth. French aggression, 1 whsthor under a Louis XIAr. or XV., a Republic or a Napoleon, turned Europe into two big camps. The. six great powers of to-day, Germany, Prance, Kusjia, England, Austria, Italy, form at least four, and any day may see auotber addeel to the four. AVell did the G'rovvn Prince see in 1870, as it transpires by his diary, that the death- struggle between France aud Germany for the hegemony and preponderance in the central and western European Continent would be followed by a period of colossal armaments and the peace which is the peace of the prison and the barracks. The situation in Europe is being pronounced, first by one and then by another of the responsible leaders in the different countries, to be A'ery critical. Truly, it needs no ghost to come from the grave to tell us that. France, by a com- putation recently made in these columns, is spending £42,500,000 this year as a sheer military vote, and £42,500,000 is not a trifling sum for 30,000,000 people to pay, rich or well-to-do though the vast majority of them may be. A moment's thought opens out huge vistas of the vast and costly system entailed in keeping up a military establishment which, with very little to pay for its conscript soldiers, demands such a sum as this for its working expenses. And as it is with France, so is it with them all-with Germany, with Austria, with Italy, with Russia. They cannot bear this strain long. France, the richest and best organised of them, already groans aloud under it, and only the relentless hand of authority pressed into the mouthpiece of the Press stifles worse than groans in the poorer and more suffering lands. The recent scientific committee, whose wonderful labours during the last few years have been turned to the investigation of the phenomena and causes of the unparalleled violence of the Krakatoa eruptions, report this to be due to the following action. The original explosions were submarine, and the sea pouring into tho great gaps, formed by the expulsion of huge masses of sea-bottom, for a time com- pletely arrested the upward volcanic move- ment. This resulted in a rally, and it is computed that large portions of the detritus then hurled into the air reached the amazing height of over twenty miles. The effects were world-wide in the shape of the celebrated coloured sunsets, blue moons, and the like. The European social Krakatoa threatens us with a like prodigy. The universal dread has already again and again combined far enough to fall upon and overwhelm the outbursts that threatened the catastrophe. The Bulgarian trouble is the last sample of this. Men like the poor old Kaiser Wilhelm went about "ingermi- nating 'Peace,' " as Clarendon says of Falkland, and there was no peace, or any prospect of peace. An idea occurs to one that, after all, would it not be better if war, this inevitable and tremendous scourge, came upon Europe at once? Every year, every month only sees the agony of prepara- tion and suspense on the increase. England has been seized with it. Italy is possessed by it. Even Spain is stirring. Nations like individuals can be driven mad by strain of mind. The intensity and irritability of the European countries is a sign of this strain of mind, or of nothing. Ridiculous mole- hills loom like portentous mountains. Would not war he better than this-war, acute and decisive, and then the peace of exhaustion and utter weariness of the sound of arms? The period 1814-15 was this, and Waterloo was followed by fifty years of peace, the most fecund of progress, material and intellectual, in the history of the world. IT is not possible to at once extinguish the smouldering embers of a fire which has burned so long and fiercely as that of the feud between masters and men in the Newcastle collieries. Ten days ago we reported that the strike was ended by the ballot taken on the agreement accepted between the miners' delegates aud the mine owners ; but wo remarked at the time that ' tho state of the vote indicated very con- siderable dissatisfaction on the part of the minera, anti that some of the collieries in particular were dead against the proposed solution of the strike. On the whole, it must be owned that the miners have proved loyal to the demands of their union, since the great majority of the collieries ineli vidually opposed to the agreement have accepted it in deference to the result of the general vote. A few of the more deter- mined, however, are holding out. In some cases, owing to peculiar circumstances or previous privileges, the new agree- ment, it is said, will entail a positive loss on the miners ; in others there is a keener sense of disappointment than seems generally entertained over the failure of the strike as an instrument for bettering the miners-a sentiment concurred in by the Trades Hall Council at Melbourne ; Avhile a third class are complicating the case by championing the union coal - trimmers against the non-unionist». But two circum- stances aro conclusive as to the futility of the opposition. The masters, on the one hand, are resolute in refusing to open a single colliery till the agreement is accepted by the entire number forming the union. The miners, therefore, as a whole, sick of the strike, and eager to resume work, as their votes indicate, are interested in putting the speediest possible end to the opposition ; and accordingly they have, on their part, intimated to the recalcitrants that, unless they yield to the general wish in the acceptance of the terms offered, they will simply be expelled the union. Such an atti- tude is in effect irresistible. The few can- not coerce the many, and they must either yield or do worse by entering unsupported on a hopeless and disastrous strike on their own account. In either case nothing re-j mains but to lay down their arms. But while the strike itself is thus in reality ended, the trail of tlie serpent bora of it remains to A'ex the eye and lacerate the heart. The miners returning to work not only feel that they have pinched themselves to little purpose during the long struggle whose bitter fruits probably will be con- spicuous in their homes for many a day, bat they cannot forget that some of their mates are in prison or on trial for law-breaking in attempting to strengthen the position. Already resolutions have been passed con- demning tbe severity of the sentences pro- nounced on the three men convicted of riot- ing at Newcastle, and offering them or their families support during their imprisonment And the trial, set down for the 26th instant, of the eleven men committed for rioting at AVnllsend, will intensify and perpetuate the soreness. May we not hope that, as the pressure of excitement lessens and calmer reason asserts itself, the miners will come to see that this rioting was in fact both a folly and a wickedness, and that the most merciful course to all concerned was to sternly show that it would not be tolerated ? Tho South Brisbane Municipal Council lasl night had under consideration a communication from the Government with reference to the construction of a second bridge over the river in which it was given as tho opinion of the Premier that the most suitable place for the erection of the structure -was botweeu Ann and Peel streets. It was agreed-Messrs. Heoslop, Caswell, and Scanlan protesting-that the site should bo that suggested by the Government, and to communicate with the Brisbane Council, accepting their .share of responsibility regarding tho loan, and urging that the work should be proceeded with as early as possible. The tender of Mr. Boyce, Bundanba, ¿2000, for the supply of blue motel at Cs. Sd. per cubic yard was accepted. It was resolved to appoint a valuer at a salary of £300 per annum. The committee of thoBrisbano Sunday School Union held their usual monthly meeting last evening in the lecture-room of the Y.M.C.A. Mr. S. Fraser, president, occupied the chair, and thero xvero fifteen representatives present. The treasurer reported that tho funds of the union were in credit to the amount of £81 Sa. 7d., Inclusive of tho £10 belonging to the Orphanage Treat Fund. It was decided te make arrangements for a river e.xrursion fot the children of the Diamantina Orphanage curly in December next, and the matter was left in tho handB of Messrs. 33. Gregory, J. Knight, D. M'Nab, and R. Bulcock. The chairman announced that he had received fron- an unknown donor, through the secretary of the Brisbane Permanent Benefit Building and In- vestment Society, a gift of £10, to bo expended in prizes for competition among children attending the affiliated schools. After some discussion it was resolved that the conditions under which this money is to be apportioned and awarded should be framed and circulated by a sub-committee consisting of the Roy. AV. Watts, and Messrs. S. Fraser, E. E. Smith, and S. Hodgon, to whom was alec roferred the selection of a text book of the life of St. Peter, for tho guidance of candidates h_ tho competition for the Groom essay prize of £5 Is. It was agreed that with the view of carrying out the resolution passed on the 1 ¡ita, of August, 1SS7, with reference to school visitation, tho officers of the union be appointed a committee to arrange for the visitation o{ schools during the current year of the union. A meeting of tho Anniversary Regatta Com mitteo was held last ovoning at tho Longreach Hotel, Mr. E. Munro in tho chair. Letton wero received from Messrs. J. J. Cohen and Stooko, resigning their positions on the com- mittee. Mr. Davis suggested that as the time was now too short to collect the subscriptions neoossary to form a fund for a general regatta, tho project should lie abandoned. A long dis- cussion ensued on this point, but without definite result. Mr. W. Bertrand was ap- pointed secretary of the committee, and upon his motion it was resolved that sub-committees should bo formed to collect subscriptions for the prizes to bo awarded for the rowing- and sailing competitions. It was also agreed that in collecting subscriptions, tho donors should be given an opportunity of deciding whethet their money should bo devoted to the prizes foc sailing or rowing races. Several now mombers wore elected as members of the Anniversary Committee, and tho following gentlemen wer_ appointed as tho sailing sub-committeo : - Mossrs. R. P. Eade, T. Goodall, .T. A. Beal, C. B. Lilley, A. White, Owon Jones, J. Whereat, P. Woods, W. Slawson, N. Colclongh, and S. H. Smith (secretary). The romainlng mombers of tho genoral committea wero appointed a sub-committoo to look aftet tho interests of rowing. Tho meeting than adjourned till Thursday noxt. Tile Minister for Mines has reeoived a report from Commiasionor Mowbray, stating that ho tocontly patrolled the district of Mount Romeo, near Cooktown, and held inquiries into the recently-reported sorions and fatal accidents. The commissioner found 400 minors at work ou alluvial tin, and they wore for the greater patt totally inexperienced ii mining. Tlio evidence taken at the inquiries into the aooidonts wont to support this state- ment, as it wus found that they were caused by tho mon undermining to a dangerous ox tent. The ground overhead had given way and fallen on the men below, in ono iustance as much as S tons, having fallen on a man. With u view to ameliorating the condition of tht miners at Mount Romeo the Ministei for Mines has given instructions to the Northern inspector to proceed at once to tilt field for tho purpose of ascertaining the extent of tho danger to which the men are subjecting themselves and to render what Bdvice he may think necessary for the futuro guidance oí managers of the mines. Payable tin is being got in the locality of Mount Romeo. Captain Baden-Powell, the late Sir Anthony Musgrave's aido-do-camp, who left BriBbaue with Lady Musgrave in tlio Jumna, landed at Cooktown instead of proceeding direct to Eng- land. Ile intends visiting Now Guinea aud making a short stay in that country. The Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Co uri were commenced yesterday, before his Honoiu Mr. Justice Harding. Tho hearing of the case against Bridget Betts, for tho manslaughter of Catherino Knight, on 12th Septembei, in Margaret- street, occupied the greater part of the day. A A'erdiet of guilty was returned, and tho prisoner sentenced to ten yenis* penai servitude. Ellon AVhite, charged with utter- ing a counterfeit sovereign, was found guilty and sentenced to three months in the Too- woomba Gaol, with hard labour. Charles William Hill, committed for sentence for the larceny of £312, the property of the Q.N. Bank, was sentenced to eighteen months' im- prisonment with hard labour, the sentence to lie suspended under the provisions of the Offenders 'Probation Act. The court adjourned until IO o'clork this morning. Before his Honour Mr. Justice Harding, in Chambers yesterday, Walter Syson, store- keeper, of Brisbane, was adjudicated an in- solvent on his own petition, and on the appli- cation of Messrs. Thynne and Goertz. First meeting Gth December. Up till a late hour lnst night the following cases had been set down for hearing at the City Police Court this morning:-Drunken- ness, 3 : disorderly conduct, 1 ; indecent language, 1 ; Llewelyn Reese, larceny ; Wm. Lane, larceny as a bailee; George James French, uttering gilded coin. The following remand ca«es will he continued:-Bernard Taylor, larceny of 12s. Cd. and 10s.; Edward Thorley, larceny as a bailee of a horse ; and Tilomas M'Donnell, vagrancy. Tlie divorce casa of Bradford v. Bradford wai set down for hearing yesterday morning at 10 o'clock heforo his Honour the Chief Justice, but Mr. Justice Mein announced prior to pro- ceeding with the action Pattison v. M'Micking that the divorça case would not be taken until the conclusion of the case of Pattison v. M'Micking, and as it was stated that this would last the whole of the day, all juro« were discharged until the following morning. In the case of Patrick Wrighter charged with the larceny of a watch and chain belong' fag to Robert Dalzell, which was heard at the City Police Court yesterday morning, John Dalzell, who was called as a witness, caused a great deal of trouble, andas his evidence did not sum* with ti.«» etetenient which Sergeant Dunne stated he had made to him, Mr. Pin Bock instructed the police to make the fullest Inquiries, and if Sergeant Dunne could call witnesses who could prove that the witness ¿Hid make the statement he would havo him ¿prosecuted for perjnry. . The twenty-first concert of the Brisbane Liedertafel is announced for to- morrow (Wed* ; nesday) evening. It will be in the form of one of their smoke concerts, which have hitherto proved so successful, and will be held for the first time in the Foresters' Hall, Brunswick street. An exceUent programme will be sub- mitted, including several entirely new part songs- namely, Garrett's " Hope," Saniti'a "On the Ramparts," "Philosophy," by Reinecke, "The Anvil," and others; also several vocal and instrumental solos. In con- nection with the latter the names of Messrs. Seymour-Dicker, C. A. Caflisch, Rosenstengel, and Lawrence appear, whilst the vocalists aro Messrs. Armour, Ellis, Deazley. and Syme. Additions have recently been made to the hall, giving increased accommodation and at the same time improving its acoustic properties. The concert commences at S o'clock sharp. The death was announced in yesterday's issue of Mr. Thomas Pugh, a pressman whose name will be familiar to many old Brisbane residents. Mr. Pugh commenced his Press career as a reporter on the Brisbane Courier, in which rapacity he was engaged some eighteen years ago. He left Brisbane to join tho stall of the Melbourne Ar¡ju<¡, with which he has lieen conueeted ever since. He was a brother of Mr. T. P. Pugh, at present police-magistrate of Warwick. The sum of £5000 voted by Parliament dur- ing the recent session for tho purpose of pros« pecting for minerals will not be apportioned to various districts, but expended in subsidising parties who may be engaged in opening up new districts. In Victoria the vote of some £20,000 for prospecting is allotted to certain districts, and its expenditure is looked upon as a political matter. The only application received up to the present timo for assistance from the vote has been from the Chamber of Commerce at Mackay. In this case the sum of £500 was asked for to thoroughly prospect the Mackay listriot. The application has not been granted. Owing to the scarcity of feed and the approach of the wet season it is not likely that any attempt will be made to send parties out from the Northern portions of the colony until next year. The steamer Bribie returned yesterday morning at 7.30 after a most enjoyable trip to Caloundia. It is not generally known that the steamer has accommoda- tion for ladies, and those who patronised her on this last trip are loud in praise of the cabin arrangements and the attention paid to their comfort by Captain Tulty and his small crow. A capital dinner was served yesterday at Alder's Hotel _t Caloundra, which is being enlarged to accommodate the weekly- inoreasiiig number o f visitors. A conch or waggonette will meet the steamer In future, and will bo most acceptable to those who prefer a drive to a milo and a half walk to the Big Heads. The lato rains have freshened up tho vegetation, and the place ia now looking simply lovely and will well repay a visit. Horse-owners aro reminded that general sntrles for the Brisbane Tattersalls Spring meeting must be in by 4 p.m. to-day, and at the sama hour acceptances will be due for the Tattersalls Cup and Australian Plato, and second payments for the Jordan Stakes. Acceptances will also be due to-day for the Brisbane Hunt Club handicaps and for thu Beenleigh handicaps. Entries will ho re- vived up to to-day for the Hunt Club Selling Race. it was ascertained yostorday that the handi- cap sailing race from the Hamilton to Redland Bay was completed hy two of the boats-the Vendetta, which finished at 8.40 p.m., and tho Rival at 8.57. The former had to give her opponeut three minutes, but that of course does not alter the position of the boats, and the prize will go to the Vendetta. The steamer Natone made another voty suo cesstul moonlight excursion last evening, the number on board being larger than on any previous occasion. To- night the Bamo steamer will rim her last moonlight trip for tho present. Two ferrymen named M'Carthy and Majah reported to Constable Batoman shortly after 10 o'clock yesterday morning that they had found tho body of a man floating in the river near tho garden ferry. They liad made it fast to one of tho boats with a rope, and towed it to the morgue »tops, where they tied it up whilo they Informed the constable of the adair. The constable at once had tho body placed in the morgue, where it awaits identification. De- based appears to bo about 50 years of age, shout iift. lOin. in height, face shaved with the sxception of moustache, and dark hair. He wore a serge coat, printed moleskin trousers, blue Berge shirt, and blucher boots. A stone weighing about Mb. was found in one of his pockets, together with a pocket knife, a penny, and a white flowered handkerchief. The body appears to havo been in the water about thirty hours, and thero ate no bruises or marks of violence about it. A local option poll on the third resolution, namely, that no new license« shall be granted, will be taken in the East Ward of tho City of Brisbane to- day at the Diocesan Chambers, George-street ; also in the Kangaroo Point Ward to-morrow at Alderman Hooker's shop, Main-itreet, and at the Town Hall, Queen itreet. The poll will close eaoh day at fl p.m. Mr. Wimble, M.L.A., has received a tele- gram from Herberton stating that Mr. J. Newell has been eleoted first mayor of the newly constituted municipality of Herberton. Mr. Newell is a member of the well-known firm of Newell and Jack, of Herberton and Silverbank. A private letter from Herberton under date 12th instant states that the rain had not reached that field. All the crushing mills, except that at Irvinebank, were stopped for want of water, and the Mount Albion smelter was hung np from tho same cause. The stoppage of opera- tions has thrown a considerable number of men out of work ; but it is hoped that the condition of affairs is only temporary. The slab cut from the tree found by Mr. W. H. Abbot in Central Australia, and marked with the letter L, supposed to have been cut in the bark by the lost explorer leichhardt, has arrived in Adelaide (says the S.A. XegisterJ, and is to be gent to the Geographical Society, Melbourne. The Blab is about 2ft. long and Ht. wide. The horizontal half of the letter L has been overgrown by the bark, but the per Pendiçular part is clearly defined. At first sight it looks like a largo natural excavation in the thick bark, but there appears to be what may be taken for the completion of the letter, although the bark covers it. It certainly re enures a slight stretch of the imagination to identify the mark as a letter. Doubt has been cost upon the authenticity of the relio as far as regaras any connection with .Leichhardt, on the ground that the tree is not more than twenty years old, but it is described by the man who eat it down as the largest tree in that locahty. A public meeting in favour of a bridge between Kangaroo Point and North Brisbane will lie held iu the Alliance Hall, Woolloongabba, on Thurs- day evenin*} next. Special arrangements for the holiday traffic on Hie ,s. and W. Railway during the aquatic carni tal and Brisbane races next month, are advertised in another column. The settling in connection with the Humpy- bong and Sandgate Regatta will take place at the Royal Hotel at 8 o'clock this evening. 