' afiseinHB COSSIP. .FBOM OCB OWS COBEESFOHBEMr.) . . :r \- ' " - ' ' Aug: "6. Those, who Bat not the solemn ceremonial attached to tire opening of the Exhibition mart have been mainly impressed by its frigidity of character: Aa a spectacle, the affair was imposing as an entertainment: even from a musical point of view, it was tire reverse -of erhuberating. The day turned out cold and wet and cheerless, the proceedings were delayed in different ways, ao that when the procession traversed tire A venae of Nations, -most of those who had ' been seated in the building for nearly three hours wets not in a very joyous -mood. A ; tremendous crush was expected, and' holders of tickets were warned that the doors would be closed at 11 '30 a.m- Tbe consequence was that most of the guests and the public who had obtained or purchased seats were in their places long before eleven o'clock, aod were obliged, to retain them until 3 p.m., when the performance terminated. Tbe affair was enlivened by one amusing episode which helped to restore good humor to the half-oongealed ainiieiuw, When the Governor and party, having traversed the Avenue of Nations, reached the dais, an enthusiastic rustic councillor of some back bhkm ruuxurapauvy ruee una auiea lor three cheers for His RxiwHeacy, and, suiting the action to the word, he gave one cheer, ,in' which he was allowed to indulge alone. The effect was so amnsing that everyone, despite etiquette, began to laugh. The loyal yokel gazed . round him in as tonishment at the people, and his lace and enfeeMed'yoice so bespoke his astonishment tfiat 'people only; laughed- the loader. The third cheer sunk- dawn to a feeble squeak, so that the chorus of ridicule swelled until even tire vice-regal party had-to join in the general cachinatiou. Lam inclined to thick that if that ardent loyalist belonged to the noble army of Benedicts he received a candle lecture afterwards, he is likely to re member while he lives. The tickets of admission were going a- begging, although at the : outset the Ex ecutive were extremely particular about their issue. In fact none bnt Mr. Sargdod's friends and the friends of the ' principal' officials, were, accorded tbe. privilege. .'A speculative individual bought four guinea- tickets, anticipating a great run. on them. He "advertised them at an advanced price, hoping thereby to turn ah- honest penny, hut -tuerewas no response. He waited till tiie, last moment, arid then in. despair gave three to-some friends arid with them repaired to- (he bnflding, only, however, to find them selves late, as the doors Were closed and '-would riot be opened for any consideration. ' Tbusfpahby lost the grand sight, and his four gaineas into (he bargain. A wiserand -a sadder man he woke the morrow inorri. Talking of greediness aud its.. effieete, it is worth' mentioning that the management of roe rrmcess rneatre compreceiyoverreacnea - themselves in endeavoring to make -some- ahing'Textea out <of the opening of the Ex hibition. Oa Tuesday night, that previous.; -to the ceremony, "the price 'of admission to the dress circle was raised to £leaoh seat. A friend of mine went, on tictpatinggreatrihiazB, and waa warned that nniess he was there early he would not have a ghost of a place. He and bis good lady accordingly pnt in an early appearance and found only a faw per sona eongregsted rounds the doors, and as time wore on the crowd did not materially augment. He innocently imagined being from the country that: the smart people vrhn knew the rapes had got in at the back and filled the interior, others were of the same opinion, and as soon as tbe doors were opened at a quarter past seven there waa a rash for seats. To the surprise o £ the new comers they found the interior perfectly empty, and they .Immediately commenced operations by heartily laugh ing at themselves for their groundless apprehensions. They had a Long ratting without anything to divert them, and. the attendance was at no period up to tbe ordin ary standard. The Governor, accompanied by a number of distinguished visitore, was expected to arrive at eight o'clock, but it was nearly a quarter to nine when they put in an appearance ; and the poor creatures who had all this time been waiting, without even the squeak of a fiddle to enliven things, rose like one man and hissed tire Vice-regal party, tins untoward manifestation bejne so pro- nounced that it could not be. concealed even by the extra energy infused into the orchestral rendering of the National Anthem. On the following day Messrs. Williamson, .Garner and Mnsgrove thought to. turn an extra penny by letting mate on the balcony ofthe Princess Theatre, but- no one honoured - them or appreciated their disinterested action. The result was that the members of tbe Gaiety Burlesque Company and their friends occupied the vacant neets for nothing, not a solitary individual putting in an. ap — nearanceas eager to pay a guinea for what he could see for nothing 