ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. I " IT IS NOT GOOD TO MARRY." (To the Editor of the Maitland Mercury.) Sin-Considering the extreme authority wbicii JB claimed for the exclusive vicegerency of Simon Barjonah on earth by some celibates, and that, "either John Mark nor Luke Medicus has recorded this notable condemnation of the precept recorded (presumably) hythe prophet Moses, who has af- firmed of God that "Ho said it is not good that the man should bo alone" (a monk), your readers may fairly desire to know why "two or three witnesses" are not required in attestation of such flagrant contradiction of Genesis ii., 19, " Ou kalon einai ton »nthropon monon ?" Assuming that to be a faithful account of what was said by the Father of Jesus to His only begotten Son, and prior to the formation of woman for the man-and for no other revealed purpose whatever- even as God made a lioness, a tigress, a leopardeaa, and so on throughout all animated creation, for the express design of perpetuating the race of either species ; and that the Cilician Paul also endorses this com- mandment, " In the mouth of two or three witnesses 3hall every word be established," even as the Nazartean also had said, " If thy brother will not hearken to thee, take one or two more with thee, that at the mouth of two or three witnesses every word of thine may be established," against the offender, we have an undeniable right to demand complete evidence against that hard saying at- tributed by only one man to Simon Barjonah! Moreover, the Gospel, according to John Mark, nephew of Barnabas, ia expressly attested by Eusebius Pamphilus to have been written by him, at Rome, for the Hebrew converts dwelling at Alex- andria, and af terwardB fully approved by Simon Bar- jonah. The testimony ia as follows : " People say the same John Mark, being the first Apostle that was sent to Egypt, proclaimed the gospel there which he himself had written, and that he first established churches in Alexandria." Observe, it does not say Simon Peter carried glad tidings of the Kingdom of God to the Jews in that great oriental city ; but that Mark carried with him there " the book written by himsalf in Rome and endorsed by Barjonah," as in Chap, xv previously, " It was not sufficient for people to hoar but once, or to receive an unwritten narrative of the Gospel of God (the Saviour) ; but they persevered by every variety of entreaties to solicit from Mark, as comrade of Peter, that he should leave a monument in writing of the doc- trines orally communicated. . . and for the purpose of being openly read in the churches of Alexandria." And Philo Judæus confirms that tradition, as well as Clemens Romanus, whose testi- mony concerning the origin and cause of Saint Mark's Gospel is corroborated also by Bishop Papias of Hierapolis. In other words, Egypt was won to Christ by the nephew of Barnabas, whilst Peter tarried behind at Rome ; he being special ad- versary and antagonist of Simon Magna. Chapters xvii. and xviii. of Eusebius are devoted entirely to the confirmatory and epistolary labours of Philo Judous, firm friend of Simon Peter ; and in attes- tation of the labours of Mark in "Egypt, unaccom- panied by any " One of the Twelve." From hence there arise sundry momentous con- siderations, such as imprimis, had Simon Peter ¿Í'J "*Ùn or heard of Matthew Levy's gospel and allowed that eunuchage dialogue, or did he disown his part therein and disallow its authenticity altogether? Was he so craven or so chicken-hearted as to be forward to say in secret what he was afterwards ashamed openly to say, "It is not good to marry .. Again, secundus, when brought face to face with Caiaphas and Annas, and all the kinsfolk of those high priests, the Nazarean Prophet said, " I have spoken openly to all men ; both in synagogues and in the Temple of Jerusalem, and in secret have I taught the Jews nothing : ask them what I have said." Nothing about eunuchage or celibacy " en- forced by vows" occurs anywhere in the Gospel of John, or in the books of Paul or Luke, whose records are sO valuable as attesting to their own personal visits to Rome. And since Jesus of Nazareth, even by the unsupported testimony of Matthew Levy, is made to say that impeifection of virility is the sole ground for admitting an exemp- tion from marriage, does not that establish what Paul wrote to the distressed converts forming a mob of poor men and women in Achaia, "Let every man have his own wife and each woman her own husband." For if it be bad for any man to be a "solitaire," a fortiori much worse was and ever is it for any woman, seeing she was made expressly for the man. As Paul also wrote to the churches of Asia Minor ordering not only younger widows to marry a second time, so as to give no occasion to adversaries to revile them, but also commanding Timotheus of Ephesus and Titus of Crete on no ac- count to admit any polygamists into Holy Ordera, only monogamists to be ordained, as being " Blame- less in conduct, husbands of one wife only, having their children in due subjection, not quarrelsome over their wine cups, and temperate in speech and in general behaviour." Hence, no presumed scarcity of polytheistic .converts, or of Hebrew converts; no poverty amongst believers in Corinth, or in any of the ?cities of Macedonia or Achaia or Galatia, could be justly pleaded as a barrier to marry whomsoever they listed ; only, in his opinion, it would be better to remain without any wife, or any husband, if likely to promote quarrelling and perpetual ani- mosity at home! Wherein he accorded with the Solomonic proverb : " It is better to dwell on the housetop than with a contentious woman in a capa cious house ;" or one step further, " It is better to dwell in the deserts than with a brawling and an angry woman," which Paul extended to both sexes by saying that " A brother or a sister is not under "bondage in such cases," as exemplified by Ezra and Nehemiah, commanding myriads of Hebrew men to pnt away their polytheistic wives, which was mandatory and far more stringent than the per- missive words, " If the unbelieving man or woman depait, and so break the bond, let him or her depart;" and " So ordain I in all churches of the saints. Our God hath called all unto Christ in peace !" Thus it is most clear that the apostle to the Gentiles maintained no vows of celibacy for the clergy; no monachism for males or females "under sixty years of age," obviously thereby maintaining the injunction of the Creator, which was violated by Gentile priesthoods, who accounted themselves wiser and better and holier than the Lord who had made "male and female," because, said Moses (on behalf of God), " It ia not good for the man to be a monk (Monos) !" , Possibly some of your numerous and intelligent readers have read the biography of Samuel Wilber force. If so, let me remind them that the reply which John Henry Newman, his quondam friend at Oriel College, sent, in answer to an entreaty for him to become one of the " selected revisers" of the Julia of the Covenant ot Baptism, was this, viz.: that he (Newman) had never studied the authen- ticity of the commonly received versions of the New Testament; that the correctness or otherwise of the books reckoned "canonical" had formed no cart of his own investigations ; and that conse- quently his presence as a critic thereon would be unprofitable ; declining in consequence to join them. Hence let me here say that in not one of the epistles of Clemens Romanus, or of Polycarp, or Ignatius, or Barnabas, or Hormas, just as valuable for evidence or eunuchage as the epfstles of James, or Cephas, or John, can anyone read one syllable of reference to that impetuous and paganish senti- ment, "It is not good to marry." Early and devout bishops and priests (episcopoi kai presbuteroi) hesitated not to pronounce it "blasphemous doc- trine" to deny or decry the use of women, as God had joined and coupled them together long before priesthoods or any sort of magistracy existed, and want of space only precludes me from quoting their orthodox synodal decrees on this occasion. Now for " celibate" vows amongst " unbelievers" in one God over all who call upon him, and in every nation. For the revisers were forced to confess that the last half of the ninth verse of Matthew xix had no existence in many old MSS. Neither in the Pentateuch nor in any orthodox author can one read thereof. And of course like as were the Levitical Priesthood for fourteen centuries, so also for eighteen centuries Oriental Christian pastors have been compelled to become married men beforo being ordained to the presbyterate ; not ever allowed to be parochials until they had married. 1\. The Eumolpidœan clergy were descended from a King of Thracia of the name Emolpus, who was made a priest by King Erectheus of Athens, just as Aaron was made so by Moses the Legislator, sons of Levi; hence their hereditary name. Now that I hierarchal honour continued in the family of Eumolpus for twelve hundred years in Grojcia. Every question of profanation or gross impiety was absolutely under their judgment, and though their decisions were sometimes severe, yet few could deny their impartiality. Each one of the Eumolpidooan priests was compelled to vow perpetual celibacy ; but it does not appear clear by what means that priesthood continued 1200 years in one family, unless they break that vow never to copulate. In which case what availed the vow ? 2\. Besides these celibate ministers amongst the Greeks, the Latins had a priesthood initiated by Numa Pompilius, who was elected King of Rome upon demise of Romulus. He was fond of litera- ture, and so dismissed the 300 body- guards, which had existed, affirming he had no need of warriors to protect him from the people who had elected him to rule over them. He taught the Romans not to make images of the Invisible Divinity ; and for many generations none were found in their ancient churches or oratories. The vestal virgins were especially one of the cele bate colleges Numa established. Flebamns as well as patricians were eligible, and chosen from the age of six to ten to continue celibates for thirty years; at the end of thirty years from ordination they were allowed to marry if they thought proper. Their heads were close shaven, and during so long historic period as 1000 years, only eighteen are recorded as breakers of that vow of abstinence from men. Their external dress was "a fine white linen surplice," over which a large purple cape reached to their feet. If any vestal virgin died in official harness, her body was allowed to buried within the walls of the city ; and if mau or woman knowingly insulted one of them, the penalty was death ; or if a man attempted any rape on one, he was beaten to death with rods ! Can any man illuminated by the Spirit of Jesus pretend to maintain that either the Eumolpidoan or the vestal ' celibates" were moved by God the Holy Ghost to make such unholy vow P Or that, having taken such vow, they were holier than married priesthoods ; and that, by reason of such heathenish examples, it is lawful to put asunder males from females, baptized into Jesus as the Christ, by making them followers of such pagan monstrosities rather than the Oriental ministers of The Lord of Glory, almost all of whom had wives ? -Yours truly, D. P. M. HULBERT. Manly Beach, 31st October, 1888. 