[BROADBRIM'S 'NB W XOHK tEtfJiR. ' 'Gently and tenderly, last week, 'loving handa;!)i>ve to his last, resting place on', earth all that was mortal of Father John, DrumV goole,; the founder "of ^the-'-Missione q{; the! ImnUculafce. Cotaoeption. for.; Pooi, -Boys, j on Lafayatte placedJin'this city,. He was .only. J an humble, priest; -the.-rlong -flat oi saints which adorn the calends of the Uhurch i of Rome, from-Sfc, Peter to Pius.not one worthier o^.cahonizatibn'?an,be found j thgipL John prlitagtfbieV^'iTo't' among the rich and the'grea!t did this' priest'i missiou lissj but among, the, .wretched waifs,! by man forpaken whom the priest and the Lavite passed by; theinheriiorsof sin^nd'crirae, the children' of the ip8t'." ,'No .'apparent glory here j none of tlie;W6r)a'a.appl^u<e^nir. . lnopqyraioV tine 'c''pfche3l; nothing but the Master's approval of .his work, for tiiathe lived ' aild died; j It is^ : over.twenty years since- he; Tnftrked:I'ou(j the bounds of. his mission. The bid cathedral on Prince street,'";.where.Bishop Dubois J and^ Bishop' Hughes labored for ixtauy.y'jatsJis ii? .the centre of a crifno-infestsd , neighborhood, ;wliere,$in grows tall, ju>cl> .rank by .the;way side, Ou the. south tiie Five Points stretches '■ its tentacles, slimy:and dark, up Mott Street, tilled, with Gluueae vagabonds, ItaUau.lazj.rbai aiid brigands, ragpickers and: 'opium joints; Crosby aud ElizibeUi streets, full of beggars, swindlers and thievse; on the north'and 'east, Bloecker, Houston, ' Bjnd, Sullivan i arid numerous other streets of 'minor importance, reeking with all sorts of infjimy. Bond street, the piradise of swindlers, and Houston street the tramping- grouud of pickpockets | aud thieves. This neighborhood ssvanns with thousands of ragged unkempt arabs of poth sexes, whe were born in sin, who never heard .the name of Christ, or God, . except tyhen uttered by pr 'fane Hps; while still of tender age, drank and.swo.re and gambled and alole, i and who looked with pride and hope towiirds ! the day whoa they might earn a commitment, to the penitentiary,' or perhaps crown a; life, of shamo with the glory of standing beneath', the gallows. Rather an unpromising field this, but it was there John Druinggole; began his work. The young: priest Icauife to Bishop McCloskey, his f.icu beaming with hope, ;aud told his 'story,' anil the good bnhop gave him his blessing and sont.him foqtli ^without itaff "or scrip. In a' few days in a little room, : down iu the lowest porliou of Itfre' slums ho had gathered six little biys. j it was a poor, wretched, gloomy' place, but from that- little grain '.of mustard tfeed sprang the Mission of the ''Immaculate Con ception, ono oi tho most m ignifipaatly-sup ported institutions of charity to be f(5und jou'i the'American continent. Those six 'pqor, rugged, starving, unkempt waifs increased and multiplied till they becamo an army of thousands, well-fed, well-clad, well-housed and well educated happy boys, safely launched iu life, with a fair hope of winning- -wealth and fame. Hid it not beenfor Father Drurai-' goole nine of ten of them would have baen candidates for the penitentiary o: tho gallows. Thonaauds of boys have g'oiie out from this, institution since its foundation whose livesin the future will load up to honor and d'stinc1: tion, and these will be the,witnes3esof Father Drum'goole and his work. He ljVeiJ yto fee the fruition of his holy mission ani to ea,ru that reward-, prized by good Catholics above ail others-, the Papal blessing. Quiet, tin-; ostentatious, humble, trustful,' hopeful, ;he lay peacefully down to re3t and to reap his rich reward. It was a lesson not,to be for gotten to see the room in the stately mansion where John Drumuooli) lived and died. Through his hands passed millions, but it all went to the poor and needy, of . himself he never thought. The furnituco of his humble apartment was of the plainest and cheapest kind, but plain as it was, it was sufficient for all his wants. When thetime c.ime to answfr his Mister's call, there was no doubt, no fear, no faltering; calmly, peacef'.illy, trustfully, his face radiant with hope aud faith, his spirit winged its flight' to heaven. •" ; It is customary to re^ir monuments to men who have distinguished themselves among their fellows; but so long as dn'tvVriclc remains above another iu the IIoU3e of tlia Immacu late Conception, and so long a3 poor home less waifs are gathered into its sheiteing care, Father Jo in Drumijoolo will need no nobler, monument. A sensation of the week has been the re nnrkable association discovered between Lu ther Marsh, one of our moat emiucut and ; wealthy lawyers, and a female adventuress, calling herself Madam Dis3 Debar. V'hat can we say, and what can we do? Mme. Diss Debar.r, who claims to be a genuine countess and the left- handed daughter of a king, pro fesses the ability to paint spirit pictures. She takes a plain piece of canvas, holds it over your head, and before you can say Jack, much l(:3s Robinson, she will give you a portrait of anyone from Julius Ciesar to John L. Sulli van. You say you don't believe it. What of it? Mr. Marsh says he has got ono hundred of tho pictures; that he saw them materialise, and as an evidence of his faith in the lady's ability to rais'c the spirits, he has deeded her his magnificent house on Lexington avenue, and everything in it. What can ono say when a witness likij this stands up ready to swear that all he says is true? Madame Diss Debarr professes to be the daughter of Lola Monti-a and the King of Bavaria. The pub lie may look for a startling revelation in re gard to this matter, which will prove a v.ocht friste to Madame Diss Debarr and a petard to Mr. Marsh. A shocking climax to a double life culmin ated in murder last week, which has involved three persons in ruin. The wife will go down broken-hearted to the grave, the brother ma} end his days in prison, and tho husband is in his grave—assassinated by his wife's brother. Til Brooklyn lived a gentleman and his sister by the name of Green, both persons of com fortable fortune. From the time of their mother's death the sister kept house for her brother, and as their means were ample their lives were peaceful and happy. Near by was a neighbor by the name of -Goldenkircb, a handsome young fellow of about twenty- four, lie was a frequent visitor at the Green man sion, but as there was a wide disparity be tween Miss Green's age and his own, she being forty and he twenty-four, nothing was thought of it at first. At length the brother grew jealous, and thought there was some thing wrong between the visitor and. his sister, and eventually forbade him the house; but this made no difference to Goldenkirch or the sister. Ho came just a.s heft-re. Last week Mr. Goldenkirch callcd at. the Green mansion, and was vnet at tho door by Mr. Green, ffliojforbade him to enter. Golden kirch pushed him on ono side, and Greaiishot him dead on the spot. It then appeared that Miss Green and Mr. Go'idenkirch had been mairied for Hve years. He had concealed the fact, of hi3 marriage from his family, and al'.fi had never mentioned it to her brother thbueli in daily intercourse... with.. him._during. the whole period oHier married life." The fatal secret has been dearly paid for, especially as there appoars to have been no particularreason why-the marriaga should :;ot'h;tve been made public,' Thai murdered man was upright, honest .and industrious, and theJudy of ample .fortune,-forty'years of age, and' accouutaule to no one for her actions. The murderer is in jail'awaiting trial, and the stricken wife now hovers .betweon life and death. . ... Old Johii Ma'guive,, who fell dead at the AntirPoverty meeting three rteelis ago,.", Was" refused Christian burial on the gro.urid ; that ho was a heretic and the follower i of Dr. ,^rcGjyAiin. {They toqk.gld"'John to : Green u'oodjimt lie'do'es not "feel comfortable in tho r teretie t rot estants j and'li e wants to have' his four bones dug jup and ./prflperly-Trintctred':^irir<:can3ecrated [ground1 uwhere he can restin' peace., The^aidj -'of the' courts ha^ becu'' jfiypked, :'ind,;,'£'rc}ibishop 'Corrigiia^nd the Trustees ,o?"Caiva?v Ceme tery hVvc'been made defendants.--. The ghost .o/.yld Jqlm,.Maguir(3 may msko - it wlarm'fbr •hisiiteverence here, b\it the Archbishop iias got old Johnift a mighty tight placed land1 lie may put him in ajliblo where itSvill raquirea half-dozen Salvation:Armies to, get-hiui-: out. I' ; |A |unuy';Ca3eiw.as'tfiat bfGilrforiRtiihehart, j for.;.t\yenty years ft pilot ;bnf JVulton '.Ferry; got off His boat' lie.stejiped ove" to an -adjoining_$harf and j gtole .six :bricks: Now . six" 'bricks iiiffc1 ■ amount to much, but: Pilot1 Rhineh'art5 liad .'dbneUhis'eyerjr- morning Br many yoars, bo, 'being'jjroven ^VAieFthb 'j^crry Company dia .Shargttl. iliffl... Ho had . been, . lining j with a. 1boiij4ly.,widQw[a?i fiis I uiifo io'r oyer t^Suly ,vea.rs.; T.wo.wPCiis'aSfO' lie-WMi 'ialciri crazy, i\\!m r.cted;flo-.wildly that If is-wife 'ran font, of itlio house; ' 'Oflicera werC'seht' for, arldl- the docton^examined -'Him .'and committed liimlto tKeMiltialfc asj'luAi:'' '-lAinWiu the other tests,', they put a bo.ttle'.uf assafoeditaj under' his :.lrinv;lio.»reftsoii 11 -then nppoared.lht-his madneas was assunled' for the purpo&e; i'f getting rid of. the foman ho was living wiili, jaSid who was not*; l.is wife, andJa!so for the purpose of reinstating in his. home hjs real wife whom he "deserted' Ior, wife>Nq.;.J3 twenty-three years': ago. If the original Mrs. Ithinebart is satisfied, I ^UDposo every-one.'else'ought to., be, but if it had benn nie,-I ; would' nave , seen him in J.'richo'before ! would'have ' taken .up with S'uch;a:ihiseral3l0,? ' second-hand1 61d^_thieving .Y HKeSviSoW 'of iord George' Essex P^ntiGx prummond, for, whose, .lqve lib, sacrificed an earldom,*did not wasto much time in grief after,hi^.death. It is'scarcely, six months sirica hor lordly lover died almost a pauper, ,iuJSt.,.Luke',3.hospital, -and- last- weelt her ladj-ship'doffed her widow's weeds for orange blossoms. And let us "hope that with . the honest mechanic that she has now chr.3en, she will be far hiippier than she ever.was with the disgraced and dishonored scion of the noble house of Perth. There lm been a great deal of romance and nonsense written about thi3 lordly scapegrace',-arid whilo the English,peerage may. not be considered a liiat-class school, eitlior-for morals or man-: ners. itis questionable if - anything as bad as LordX>rummond can be foundirom.-thc!Con-: ;<]iieror_tlown to the/present-time, ije was not -altogether -^responsible for this. ! The. stock was bad'; 'his - father was, bad / his' .'m'bther nbt' afrove. reproach;. and his" grand-, father, now-'almost ninetyin his younger days was the associate and friend of Giorge thsJT'jurtli of unblessed memory ; when), as the first gentleman of England, he painted Ldridon town a bright vermillibji nijjht after night;in company with prize.. fighters 'j and bullies. Lord Drummond . ran ;away from | homo with the woman who .was married last iveek, when he was between' fifteen and sixteen years of age. ''He absolutely knew nothing, he could hardly write his own nime. It is seldom iu Amorica that onp meets With sucli a case of benighted and. besotted ignor ance! . When his rank became known, there were several persons who offered to help'him tb position;' but his' fatal ignorance and Hia dissipateS'nabit's drove his" friends< from-ium bue by..oiie, .till-'at-lttat, abandoned' by "every one .exde.pt.his. wife; he died in' extreme pertury in a charity hospital,-' 1 Easter Sunday opened like a benediction,: all the more gracio.usly. prized after the'terrors of bur, late expeiiehes.; The. churches were crowded,-therD- seemed"to be throughout'the eutireloommuuity a general spiritual awakeu ■ iug. And'to 'show the'valuq of early religious 'ttiiniirig—t\yo Jewswho;wcre..in,tlic Brooklyn jail;for'tlleft, iiotiQe'd the jailor that they would like to.have.the means of attending to their religious duties during the feast of:thc Passover. A Itabbi was notified, unleavened bread was..brought! .i.ii; and their consciences made ea3y in the fulfilment of their religious duties... Moral: Bring a child up in the way he should go. • ~ ' Truly yours, •> u. • BROADBRIM. 