SUNDAY SERVICES. Advantage was taken of the presence of four Anglic bishops in Ballarat, in connection with the laying of the foundation stone of the intended cathedral, to secure sermons from them yesterday. The Primate (Dr* Barry, Bishop of Sydney) preached at Christ Church Fro-Cathedral in the morning, and afc St. Paul’s in the evening; the Bishop of Melbourne st St. j Paul’s in the morning, and St, Peter’s in the evening;. 1 the Bishop of Bathurst at St. Peter’s in the morning, and Christ Church in the evening; and the Bishop of Kiverina at All Saint's in the evening. The following are brief outlines of the sermons-:—^ THIS PRIMATE, BISIIOP OF SYDNEY. The Most Reverend the Primate of Australia, Dr Barry, Bishop of Sydney, preached at the 11 o’clock communion service yesterday,, at the pro-Cathedral. The service was full choral. At 11 o’clock a proces sion of surpliced choristers, together with the clergy of the church. Veil. Archdeacon Julius, M.A., the Rev. Geo. Sutton, entered the church-nt the western entrance, preceding the Bishops of Ballarat, Bathur-t, and the primate, the latter preceded- by a clergyman bearing his episcopal staff. Processional hymn No. 4SO was Hung. At its conclusion the Bishop of Ballarat began the communion service, in the course of which the Primate preached the following sermon:—The Ad vent self-devotion in idea and practice;, text,. Gen. xxiii., 21 and z% “ The Lord shall be my God . .- . and all that Thou shalt give me I will surely give the tenth unto Thee.” “' The Lord shall be my God.’ The words are the words of Jacob on uwaking from that great vision which was to him- evidently the critical hour of* conversion, the turning point from a life hitherto bare and selfish to a higher life of the spirit. Now, in the darkness of his lonely and dis-- graccd exile the face of the Lord- had suddenly shone ; upon him in undeserved graciousness of mercy. To use the words of Job; he had heard i of him before by the hearing * of the ear,, i but now his- eyes saw him face to face. There fore, his awakened soul pmred itself out in this heart feit confession, never to be let slip amidst all the changes and .-orrows, the temptations and sins of the future. “The Lord shall be my God.” May not these words strike the keynote of our thoughts to day? The new church year is now beginning. At Advent a great message, pvrh>pstho most stirring in* all the church year, comes to us again, “ The night is far spent; the-day is at hand. Let us put off the works of darkness,.and let us put on the arnimir of light.” Few ever hear the message of Advent quite unmoved. No festival sums up so comprehensively our faith, bscause in it the lirst and second Advents arc blended together, so including in one view all that lies between them. None so emphatically marks the gradual melting of time into eternity; the pass ing away of the night of the world—a night lighted (thank God) by the fiery piilar of God’s presence with us into the dawn of the new and heavenly day. It may call us, as it called Jacob, to “ Conversion,” realising for the first time in living force what ought to have been familiar to ti* from our earliest days. It may call others of us, r.ther, to the refreshment nr renewal of a spiritual lire, which wc know, thank God, as real. It may be, as to the younger of us, a call to the opening, of mature life, in the full member ship of Christ. It may be, to us older men, the warn ing that life is passing, and the end drawing nearer. Whatever mutations the future may have in's ore for us there is one “conversion” that is changeless. “ The Lord shall be my God.” I w 11 lay hold of that. I “The Lord”—to us not Jehovah—but** 1 Jehovah our I Saviour,” the Jesus whom we know and love. In a i remarkable passage in the first chapter of St. John’s ! Gospel, our Lord clearly alludes to the great words of Jacob—“ Hencefor. h (he says) v e shall see the heavens 1 opened, and the angels of God ascending and descend ing upon the Son. of Man.” The dream of the lonely sleeper is become to mankind a waking reality. But it is with a siguificanfcchauge. In the vision of Jacob the Lord “stands above." His voice peals out of the unseen mystery, which wc call heaven—in the revelation of our Lord, He Himself, the Son of Man, in whom “dwells all the fulness of the Godnead bodily,” is- here with us. He Ksoheis pleased to imply, the ladder between heaven and earth. In Him. we know that which passeth knowledge, in Him all the attributes of the uij'storious Godhead are made plain, and,, suprettn* above all attributes, is the love that seeks and saves the loat, In Him. and through Him, there is the power of ascending for us all to our Father who is in he.ven. If the sudden flush of: revelation of God’s love, unexpected and undeserved,, brought Jacob to his knees in an ecstasy of devotion,, how much more ought the unspeakable love mani fested by the incarnation of the'Lord in. our human flesh—to calf out from our souls to-day.the resolution, “The Lordshalt.be my God;” the Lord, known in the manifestation of Jesus Christ as a Saviour indeed;; the Lord, who came down to seek me;.the Lord, who bought me with a price which is priceless;, the Lord who has opened heaven to me, and draws me upwards by the cords «>f h-ve, “ the Lord shall be my God. Each, year shall bring me closer ami closer to him till, the ! death, when, amidst the gathering shadows of life’s j evening, preparatory to the new am! brighter advent, i “the Lord shall be my God” indeed.. Such is the j advent call to the whole church of Christ, emphasized- j to you my brethren, I 'can hardly doubt,.by the special j festival which, you are still keeping, to-day. What- 1 ever else was signified to you by the festal’solemnity ' of St Andrew’s Day,, it must have turned your ! thoughts onwards as to anew. epoch in aspiration and 1 hope; it must have kindled some resolutions of.g> eater 1 devotion,, fuller sacrifice; it must, by its teaching of. i the unity in the life of the church, as of all classes- 1 and races and countries, so also of all, times,, past,, present,, future, ; .have rabed you out of yourselves, arid* out of the narrow: groove of every-day experience,, to that great conception of future perfeotion, embodied, in the second advent of our Lord. The true church, is the chnrch of living souls.. The true foundation of; the order is- a church life, and the true foundation srone, binding foundation and building, in one,, is. Christ Himself. The words of. sympathy and, of en couragement uttered during the-, glad ceremony of. Friday List e riled forth,. I confidently believe,, in. many hearts a fresh self-dedication to- Almighty God. So far the text speaks out the great, advent- message, so for it calls tor the high spiritual devotion of the heart.. The con cluding words of the text bear with singular direct ness on the other side- of devotion, to God's service; The thought also of the >tate* o£ youx sustentation fund, as referred to in the presidential address- to your late assembly, has a direct bearing on this part of my subject—Jacob’s resolution M Of all that Thou gavest me f will give a tenth unto-Thee.” This declaration of the sacrifice of a por fcion of his substance seems, I doubt not, at first somewhat to jar upon one. It was indeed a most characteristic transition from, the* hieh spiritual vo.v* “The Lord shall be my God*”' Butr. ; yet as this translation into the prosaic action of every day of the future of the glo-wing spiritual enthusiasm of the present,, it is at least an unmistakable test of reality in that self*dev«*tion. After sketching the origin of Jewish titles the Primate went on to say— “ But how far does this custom speak to us and, repre sent our own actual duty. Clearly it is not a formal obligation of Uw* The tithe belongs to the Mosaic system, and has passed away with it. In the Christian Church, indeed, it repeated itself as a law by a natural excitation in later days. But in primitive times the freedom of Christian offerings was always contracted by the Fathers with the strict rule of Jewish legalism. The custom of the Primitive Church was then explained, the principle as laid down by St. Paul was stated,'and the principle binding njK>n all now, as of old, of welt-dedication to God of body, si*u\ spirit, and substance stated and illustrated. The Primate continued—“ Who can esti mate the moial force which wou'd be exercised over , our whole society if we who are Christian-* really acted i on the belief that our whole life, not the religious life only, but what is called secu’ar, w as dedicated to God, ! to be used as His gif: and for His will ? Think of the 1 rege .oration of all society that would surely follow*. ' Individual, social, and political life would be gradu | ally purified and hallowed—become in the will st ami truest sense of the word religious. A reality would characterise our religious life, which at present it sadly lacked. Our progress would t *ll upon our work, and our work on our prayers. He (the Primate) was glad to notice that during the past-week a layman in the chH-ch assembly had spoken out as to the re sponsibilities of the possessors of weabh, and had advocated the principle of relativity in the matter of giving. After copiously illustrating this principle in respect to time, labor, gifts of mind, as well as of property, the Primate concluded au eloquent and stirring sermon in the following words:— “There is the grand conception of an absolute de votion of body, soul, and spirit to the Lord our God. Nothing lower or narrower than this can we accept as the true ideal of our life. There is the practical and unmistakable test of such devotion in the offer ing of what is ours (God’s gifts) to His servico. That test-never let us despise; from it never let us shri k. i>o in our own souls and in the Church at large shall the progress of the Kingdom of Christ go on, at once widening and deepening in the onward flow the spiritual waters, till at the second advent the beams of the Son of Righteousness shall shine over a world, filled with knowledge of the glory of the Lord, as the waters cover the se These words endei a , remarkable sermon, listened to with deep at tuition j by a congregation that crowded every part of the j pro cathedral. '1 he offertory, amount ng to over £2S ! was given to the Sn-tentation Fund. Holy Com- I munion was ee’cbrated; there was a very large num* I ber of communicants—Bishop of Ball irat celebrant. I The Primate preached in the evening at St, Paul's , Church, which was filled almost to overflowing with j a la* ge and appreciative congregation. The preacher ! took as the basis of his remarks the texts:—“ln the volume of the book it is written of mo. that I shall 1 fulfil Thy will. Yea, Z am content to do it even unto 1 the end.” “ Behold I stand at the door and knock,” 1 and “ Lo, I come quickly.” From these the Primate i preached an eloquent advent sermon, which was [ listened to most attentively. During the evening the i choir, under Mr Bailey, rendered excellently the | anthems—“ Hearken unto me, my people,” and “ We t shall walk through the valley of the shadow of [ death.” j THE BISIIOP OF MELBOURNE. I There was a very large congregation at St. Paul’s I Chinch in ti.e morning, when the Bishop of Mel* j bourne officiated. The bishop took as the text of Lis ■ address, Romms xiii., 12—“ The night is far spent, J the day is at hand; let ns therefore cast off the works 1 of darkness, and let us put on the armor of light.” I, Referring to the present Advent season, the preacher I remarked that au examination of the collects for each I Sunday in Advent showed that the second coming of | the Lord was referred to in four different ways. The | first referred to personal religion, the second diligent | study of the holy Scriptures, the third the importance j of the Christim ministry, and th- fourth to the in fluence of the Holy Ghost, lie had taken the first, viz., personal religion as a necessary c million for preparing for the second coming of the Lord, as the subject of his address. Let them try to realise more than they had done before that Jesus was coming again, coming surrounded by hosts of glorious angels, to take his seat on the great white throne, and to take account of the deeds done by the body. The more they realised that the more prayer ful they should be. .Personal religion was necessary, | and everyone w»uld be called before the Judgment j seat to give a personal account. Tilings were looked I upon differently here, where they lived in society, but i how often was society mistaken in its estimates of , men. How often were good deeds credited to a man i when if they could see beneath the surface they were i not good at all? How loudly sometimes they praised j h man for au action at the root of which lay an tin* I .worthy motive? The good was not so much the out- J side deed, as the secret motive that prompted that ! deed. Individuals would not escape senriny in tho* j masses. He saw a large congregation before him wha j seemed equally devout, but while they might I alike to him, how different to the eye of God! P» egle* I were too apt to forget their individual responsibilities.. I It would avail them nothing to plead that tyiose j abound did the same* The plea that “everybody does | it” did not make the thing right. In tho days of j Noah everybody outside the ark agreed to socifrat ihe -idea of a flood, but the minority were right, :>ud the majority were wropg. The word religion ajeaut the' tie that bound the soul to God, but there was. another tie to be broketiy the chain of sin. They must pray to be relieved o$ the grave-clothes of sin, ajul put on the armor of lights They could not serve. Qod by proxy. Because a man'H parents were good* or hU» wife, he must not think that he would saved. Religion must bo personal—the armor of light must protect each soul. Christ was the he&<\ of the chmcb, the ciptain of the army, whom Uis, soldiers obeyed* WV not personal set vice in tho field a good paqvva-. lion for the coining oj their Captain? knew not when He would come, but when Zlq oaroe would they not like Him to fi,,d them fighting ? What would the Master, the Capta : n, think U He found them sleeping or running away in plooe of fighting fas great battle’ jjg wrs gyer watchful of their conduct on the battlefield, to scr how 1 boldly they put on the armor of light. Let them ! bear in mind His words, .thou faithful unto j and I will give you a crown of life.’* The sacrv ■ fictrmade 1800 years ago had apevaotial* application to every living- soul. The festival kv- commemoration would not be discout nued till lie same again. Then would the Chrhjti *.n lay down hit* armor, and the King dispense the rewards for faithful services. The bishop concluded his address bv a few remarks in reference to the laying of the foundation-stone of the cath dral. Jt was the viailrfesign of Christian unity, mid would boa source of life and energy to thrwholeof the Christiana in this great diocese. The cathedral, when finished, would be the property of the whole dircese. lie concluded—“‘.May Cod grant that this cathedral, the foundation- stono of which has just been laid, may continue to be more ami more a sign of unitv nmong«t the people of God here, encourage them to lay aside air differences and unite in the great work that God has gpiven them to do, that when the Lord comes they may receive the crown of everlasting life which He has promised them.” In the evening, Dr Coe preached at Sft. Peter’s Church, when there was a large congregation. He chose as his text Ephesians ill , 20and2l—“ Now unto him that is able to* do exceeding l )* abundantly above all that w’e ask or thinly according to the power that worketh in us, unto him be glory in the Church by Christ:Jesus throughout all ages, world without end.” The bishop preached a truly eloquent sermon, which he concluded by a reference to the intended cathe dral. He remarked that they had met to celebrate the laving of the fouuditiou-stoue of the cathedral. ' Tt would l he pre-eminently a house of prayer; the sun would never »et on its worship. What was the glory of cathedrals? Was is that they were beautiful specimens of* architecture, or that they had raised their .heads for centuries, hoary witnesses to God;, or that the w.il’s had echoed to the voices of eloquent? orators as they held audi-nces spellbound by their wonderful power 1 ? No, it was none of these. Though'thesewere not to be despised, the true nobili v of a cathedral lay in> this—that it was sacred so the prayers of those who appealed to God in heaven; it was essentially a house of prayer. He urged his hearers to pray,.as they passed along the street and saw-stone-rising upon stone and tier upon tirr, that the prayers that would ascend from its walls might draw down a blessing on Ballarat, on the bi>hop, and the people. lie. hoped they would offer such prayers as would bring down a blessing such a9 there would not be room enough to contain. After the sermon the choir s*ug as an anthem “ Seek ye th e Lord,” Mr V. Woolcock rendering the beautiful tenor solo it contains with great taste and expression. THE DISHOP OF DAT-iUUST. This prelate preached in St. Peter’s Church yester day morning, when, notwithstanding the great neat of the day, there was a large congregation. The service was conducted by the pastor of tne church, the Rev. W. Flower, M.A. The bishop chose as his text, Phil lippians iv v , 13—" I can do all things through C’h;isf, which strengthened! me.” These words, the preacher remarked, contained the best motto he could g ve the people- on Advent Sunday. Frequently difficulties would be encountered, and at such times the text would have a sweet meaning for them. It would have have a peculiar meaning for the diocese, , which had just-commenced the great work of building a cathedra . .which was so necessary for church life. But a large sum of money was required for the pur pose, and the work of raising it might he found diffi cult by some. To such the text would also possess a tpecufiar meaning. He (the preacher) suppos'd it an -embodiment of strength weie thought of it would be (hut of a youngmui in the full vigor of life. But it was not this strength Paul wrote about, nor yet intel lectual; or moral strength. It was an even higher kind—spiritual strength; the strength that God sup plied through His Eternal Son. Just then Paid was a weak matt, in prison, wont out by many trials; yet, despite nil these things, he could yet rejoice, and Ue el ue to the chuich that he, the p.isoner, could do all things through Christ. If there was one thing more 'thananother that impressed Paul conti-ually it was the presence and assist nice of Christ. Paul felt that he had opposed to him a very powerful foe, and that in him-elf he was actually weak. Yet he felt that though the legions of hell, under their fell leader, gather against a soul, with the assistance of Christ that souls could vanquish the host. Paul derived some of las strength by studying the life of .one who was perfect man and God, who had overcome all the difficulties of his Hie. We in these days had the record of the same life to study, and it wouid guide us in all matters. Christ w«s pourtrayed in the gos pels just as he was, and. his character could be studied knowing that there was no dark side to it. Ilow ofeen had Christians derived great comfort during life and in the hour of death by a study of the life of Christ. Many during his life refused to acknowledge his divinity. Probably only about 50U or GuO persons be lieved in him when he by his own power ascended into heaven. It might bo thought that such a preach ing and -such teaching was a failure when the results were so small. But the effects were felt even now, and .still Christ’s influence benefited the world. When they thought of Cnrist’s resurrection from the grave, death seemed robbed of all its terrors. Eve when we consigned the bodies of our friends to the tomb, we could ?ce by the eyes of faith, the glorified bodies of.our friends raised :.t the last day. There were two errors to avoid. One was that without the aid of Christ they could fulfil the Jaw of God; the other was, that no matter how they tried t .ey could not accomplish their duty. Midway between these two the truth in culcated.in the text shone out. Lo. ked at in all its au>'roundings the text was robbed of all appearance of blasting. What glorious opportunities for Christians it op- rted up. They should take a look at any diffi culties and again at this text, and apply it by the Spirit ot God. While they might feel that they had u*»- dert deena work which toallappearanreseemedbeyond the power of even this rich and flourishing diocese, they should realise that these things could be done if they only made up their minds to apply this text. Though it seemed beyond their powers, they could do it,.not because they had the will and the money, hut because God; gave them the strength to do and the will to accomplish. When they felt that an)' work was beyond them, or that difficulties were likely to arise which mignt discourage them, they should always remembt-r that they could do all things; not in their own might, but in His who strengthened them, The choir, under the able leadership of Mr V. Woolcoek,.led the responses and the hymns, and also rendered two appropriate anthems very effectively. At evensong the Bishop of Bathurst preached at Christ Church. Tiu* text was St. -Matthew xxviii., 19—“ Di the name of the Father, and of the Sm, and of tho Holy Ghost.” After referring to the great and sacred, ceremony of the stone-laying of the new cathedral ui F»id;i>* last, Dr Camidge went on to show, the general use ami significance of the formula as in! the text, the woids above cited being used at the-laying of foundation stones of churches, at their consecration, at baptisms, marriages, and at burials. All life-is permeated by their influence, and in these words are comprised tho deepest truths of th*; Christian religion. Dr Camidge, who is an eloquent and earnest preacher, was attentively listened to by a very largo congregation. The service was full 1 choral. Processional hymns 439 and 101 were sung. THE BISHOP OF IIIVKKISA. AU Saints’ Church was well filled last evening, when the Bishop of l.iverina ocenpied the pulpit. The. prayers were led by the incumh-nt, the Rev. 11. C. K. Morris, and an efficient choir had charge of the musical portion of the service. The preacher took for his text Sc. John xii, .”2 and 33—" If I lifted up I will draw all men unto me.” A most astonishing say-. ing. Here was a mere carpenter going to draw all men unto him. At the time he spoke thus he was re jected by the ruling classes, and there was no evident; signs of success. This iesult would be brought about by being lifted up o i the cross—a m. st unlikely result at the time. Yet when he had been lifted up on the cross the result commenced to he apparent. The disciples were different men after that event, thou sands of Jews were drawn to believe on him. >o to-day. It matters not whether rich or poor, high or low. on all hands this is being fulfilled. We might have reasonably doubted that such a result w. uld : have followed His death. But there is no sub’lmer figure in all hl-torv than Chiist suspended on the cros*. Surely isi Christ we have God and man com bintd. After 200 U years have passed since His death, yet numbers are reaay ’ to lay their lives down for Him in all classes and all countries. There is no soul on earth tnat is shut out from the love of Christ. It is not the will of God that a y should die, but rather that all sh uld draw near to him and live. In Cnrist there is life and hope. We are not only to call on his name, but to become more and more like him. We may bear about with us the knowledge that God do ires us to live more and .more like, him' And each individual present can carry out this and preach the gospel of Christ in living a consis*. tent. Christian life in their everyday life. Is there not too much of the fear of man in our church life ? And uny we soon see what Scripture leads ivj to hope for. All* men living in love and u-dty bars by tnat one common bond—Christ crucified. THE OLD COLONISTS’ SERVICE. ] The annual service of the Old Colonists’ Assocnticn, i of Ballarat, in aid of the local chariots, was held on j the Eastern Oval yesterday, the Hcv. W. Flower,: M.A., of St. Peter’s Church, officiating. At 3//clock’ j the Old Identities, th ‘ fire brigades the Militia,, I Bulch’s, Ballarat City Drum and Fife, and other bands,! a-sembbd in Lydiard street,, opposite the Old; j Colonist’ llall, prep iratory to mat ching in procession I to tlie Oval. There was a large muster of each body.,, and the whole on forming line farmed an impeding spectacle. The old pioneers, who were headed, in the procession by .Mr John Murray, J.V., arid Mr Dan. Fern,, wore their tuedris. On leaving Lydiard street tho line which was preceded by tjie Militia Band marched: downScurtstreetand through Ballarat Ea<t,fol!owed.by many hundreds of spectators. The Eastern. Oval: was reached at half-past 3 o’clock, when the service was. commenc'd. A temporary desk had b.*en erected; in front of the pavilion for the clergyman, who-preached. a. stirring sermon appropriate to tho occasion,, basing his remarks on ehari y. The accompaniments to the hymns were p’ayed by the bands in an effective manner. Unfortunately, before the service was. half ; through the fireballs rang out an alarm, and this had the effect ot causing many persons to hurry away from the ground to ar-certain the whereabouts of the fire. On this account the collection was smaller than, it otherwise would h>ve been. The amount obt*in*i was £5l. PROFESSOR RENTOUL AT ST. JOHNS' PEEL. STREET. The induction or the Rev. J. H. Mnckny as,pastor os the above church* rendered vacant by the resignation, of the Rev. J. Inglis, took place yesterday. The ser vlet's were conducted by the llev. Pr.ofessnr Uenisoul* D.D., of Oimrnul College, Melbourne, ably assfetod-by an efficient choir under the leadership of: Me M. LL Johns The church was well fired with a most atten tive congregation who followed with, evident interest the eloquent sermon delivered by the rev. dituae. Mr Mackay jomes to Ballarat fresh from the- college, over which. Professor Reutoul, presides. He S3 a young mtt?» of a pleasing exterior;, ami possessing a clear enunciation and easy delivery., ilo- ents/e to Ballarat in August last and. qpickly succeeded in g oning the confidence oi the congrigaiioii* which happy result becomes mors- pronounced, as- time goes on.- The subject of the seuaon. was. found-d on the words.swcorded in John ii.,. 1Q» amt in. tho- verse of the 3 coml chap'er oS Luke— *' Wifd; ye-uot that X mush be about my Father’s bueineeb.’'' TLere were I four- occasions o-« whwh* he was. prouibwntly ccn -1 nectJ-J with the temple., 1. On His.presentation at 1 the- temple by His parent*. 2; At the- age of 12, 1 w,b£n found with bhe- learned men, 3. At the 1 nt the age -f 30, at the inauguration M the public . ministry. 4. At hid- death.. On- the- third occasion He found the templn.sadly in need of; cleansing, re ! iMildng the money changers and! others in the word'*, J I Make not my father’s house a bouse of merchan- j ’di«e.” The Jews-asked an authority for such j action, and in reply sajs, in. the words ot tho tex>, j ** Destroy this temple, and in three days 1 will raisc-it’ j up.” Ihree were suggested. 1. The 'jfcs? trnction of tbe temple.. At the time Jesus spoke tile j 1 temple .shoi:£.in all its. splendor. That tyrant f&rod;} h.v* in his desire to win the confidence of t-ha Jews ! tpent many, years in beautifying the temple, bv£, hows ever pieced the people were to gate on the splendor of the out-id* to the Jew the far-ui&r;* 9'-end amt important meaning was symbolised; by the interior. It carried him \k»c*k to the time freod froic, Pharoah’s host, they set out on their way to Palf-sdne. Roupd the ark they had fought and died. ' It, contained taws given them from,bi»mi. It was | to them the symbol of hope and pray wy A nation or Ia church <Mh never be destroyed- from without 1 alone, but Jf the true principj*. of lifo be up rooted, then destruction may soon follow. It was the burning zeal and love of tho Jews for their temple with sill its svtritvoMc meaning that kept them as a people. It is r. principle running through soience that the typical pomes first. In spiritual matters tho same law pervades. Our Lord shows ILfe lO* pointing to the n’.d ‘temple, but let this symbol of VA r Uost spiritual life ba destroyed and hg \vfu»h\ \\*\ three days repbee it by hi-; uH'n bod.^ of a ne.t'ind living church. Temples real meaiimsf. The temple was the_rShg place me., who h*l sinned. It was also the me.!»■'"K lor Gort ai.d nran.. The outside was tj prai of God’s mercy;, and the inside, wish that holy of holies—died God’s me.ey i-£„e iieinir intercession which we has e. .n Ch ■ - „ . are three preat truths here snygesteu.- I‘. , - is not unknown’to rum-, but does comnnwit in. various ways. 2. That, sinful man own strength prasp “fed but must h 0.51» « dlat between God ami man—the man 9 j ~.,”««»*»• to When mturdoe* not come- to God,*God dra\ ‘ - man. Thirrtly—The temple that we shod abide m is Chiist’s body. St. Paul illustrates th.a -vhe 1 says “Ye are living temples Mito God. a..,.-), is the answer and.the cry of hnnmiir.v. aiul - , j opensd up anew and livinjr way of unity * '‘ l ood , the Father.. Chri-f is indeed-She’i.ieetius he tween God and mail. Christ is sweded-still. 'Vith our searchines-on the externals; our kno« led„ - very limited;.but Bin has not chafed; beatnmidthc fear of death are still present "Tith ~y * .vnnld Christ the .same to-day as ewr.and *£? 3e '' _i„ i, e part with* Him have* no covering* rhe „ destroyed is typical of the transitory* nature or . tiling. • The words of the young Qpeen of bpanico the dend-bodv of the King are painfully suggeative-or this—“ Alfonso 1 Alfonso ! Oh,Cod, he In the preacher’s-own history, he found the and fairer go swifter, and this life must surely be bU a mockery unless we have in God that abiding * * * who never leaves us or forsakes us. We build these house-* of r worship to keep alive the sympathy am love which u ust-exist between pastor svnd*eong«cga tion. God’schmeh depends on no apostckcsuccesMOn, but on *that united body of faiihful livmg stones-oc one creat temple that is rising from earth to heaven. In a few well-chosen sentences the preacher con cluded an eloquent snrm ui by rntrodneinis the Ke>. H. Mackay> to the congregation. He would- he-* the voice of the living stones of God’s temple. He win bring you the white flower of- truth, and he coines with a pure life, .fu>] of earnestness. Asa student he had alwavs .-hown himself most diligent ano-pains* hikinj:. In‘Ballarat East there was room- tor one or the Rtronsre'fc churches in the colony, ami he vvas-strre that, under God’s - blessing, anew era of- vigorous earnestness in God’s \vo»k had begun that-day. The evening sei vice,-w«;ich was also conducted by Professor Uentoul. drew f»rth a large congregation. The professor took for his text the words of Nehe* unah i*. ~15 - “So did not I, because of the fear osC-*d. He remarked that s >mecme had said the character* of Nehemiah lacked b,-auty; but he (the preacher) Invert and appreciated that character on account of uhat want of brautv, which was replaced by a plain and practical life—one made up of rough, resolute, and hard uphill work; a life inspired by the love and rear of God If young people in time of temptation could Biv, with Nehemtah, “So did not I,” wnat‘grander, nobler, and purer lives theirs would be.- rfo people thought of the trials and sacrifices only of those lives ended at the stake or on the rack; .but there were those who imm quiet, humble. God-fearing .wa\", bore secret trial and experienced many a self sacrifice- which was noble in the sight of God. These lives were moulded by a deep and passionate lore, and, at the same time, fear of God. The preacher heie remarked that some looked uptm the teaching of the love and fear of God, as contradicting in itself; br.fc he would remind his hearers that the word fear could be applied in two aspects, one denoting dread or terror but as referred to in Uo'y Scripture in relation to God, it wasa “sacred reverence and venerable awe” which inspired -many good and noble deeds. Tim feeling it was that flowed in the lie *rt of such men as Livingstone and Gordon; this it was that made bright and ppre tae noble life of .the Emperor Frederick. Lives composed of sdlidmess and godlessness -cere not found in history, but such lives as were pure and noble and good were handed down from generation to generation; lives id those who, like the prophet, oould say, '* So did not I, because of the fear of God.” BAPTIST CIIUUCH, DAWSON STREET.. The anniversary of the Sumlay .school in connec tion with this church eommeneed-yesterday, by the holding .of special se» vices. The Kev. W. Clark* the late pastor, preached morning, afternoon,, and evening. In the morning the preacher based h;*s re marks on the 2nd Epistle Corinthians, 4th chapter, 4th verse. At the evening service-Mr Clark took iiis text • from the Gt * chapter Ephesians, lSth verse. There was a large c ligregation at each service. Last night the Sacrament of the Lord’s' Supper was dis pensed. Thi<.evening che anniversary will be further celebrated by a floral and choral entertainment,. The latter iwill be given by a well-trained choir oi 100 voices. A large attendance is anticipated. \ WELSH CHURCH SERVICES. The anniversary servi ea-and topiiiing .of the new schoolroom in connection with fcn’e Welsh Church, Armstrong street, took place yesterday, «*hen ser mons were preached suitable to the occasion—hi the morning,.ir. ch., 10 v, Ephesian?; and in the evening, xxxiii. ch., 2, 3, Deuteronomy,, by the Hev. Evan Williams, of Melbourne, who also delivered an address to the parents, scholars, and teachers in the after noon; Miss Humphries ntllciating as organist. There was a large congregation at each service, and collec tions were taken up on behalf of the Sunday school funds. .The anniversary wilL he further- celebrated this (Monday) evening, by the holding of.a tea and public meeting, commencing at G.oO and S respec tively in the schoolroom. 