A MURDI)ERR'S RE.M},\IORSE. A private in the Royal Ilerkahire Regiment, statiuoned at Rteading named l)avid Plllnore, lihas been arrested unaler remarkable circumstances on a charge of murder. On the morning of April 29 there wns a desper.ate poaching affray at Bldnworth, a village five ailes from Pontefract. Two game keleprs,. named lllingworth and Coplev. tracked a ci uple of poachers, on.i. d whomn was Pilmore. and the other a man namled Roberts. Oln of the pinalhers carried a gun, and in the courseof a struggle I between Illingwortlh and hi companion he fired at Copley, whoc was running i?? to hia conmraden ansist. naice. Thie kle-per waon hiJt in thle body, and died soon afterwards. A verdict of murder was retu'ned againat Roberto and Piitmeore. bleth of whnt oeoeeped, and a reward of £100 was offeredi for theirapprehen. sion. Diligent search was made, but the police were never able to come upon the men. The other morning a private in the Berkshire Regiment, who had enlisted not many weeks before under the name of Willman, was on sentry duty at Reading Barrackp. Another sentry, stationed twenty-five yards off, heard him cock hts rifle, and asked him what he was about. Willmnan sad that he had just seen a ghost, and asked where it had gone to. Tlhe sentry laughed, but Willman, who was veryseriour, said it was the glhot of a man whome he ad murdered. Then W\illman, who has proved to be t'iliore, told the story of the poaching affLay, and how lie and Rol erte escaped the police, lie eaid they succeeded in getting away from the locality. but in a wood, somewhere between Leicester and Reading, Roberts was starving and utterly worn out and had died. He further stated that he planted three twigs over the place where he buried RIoherts, and that he could point out the place easily. He said lie continued to live in the wood after Roberts was dead and buried, in order to avoid the police. Then he caile to Reading and decided to enlist. The story was repeated to a corporal, and lilmore signed the confession. Coinmunications were made to the Pontefract police, and a constable identified Pilmore, and he has been removed to Pontefract for trial. 