WIT AND HUMOR. Wife—"You know, mosteverything,George. What should be doDe in a case of drowning ?" Husband—" Have a funeral, of course." "You don't mean to say that yon under stand French, Tommy ?'' " Oh! yes, I do. When ma and pa speak French at tea I know I'm to have a powder." Uncle—"Go and get me a glass of water, please, Tommy." Tommy hesitates. Uncle — u Now, Tommy." Tom—" But I don't like to leave you alone with the cake, uncle 1" Foreman (to managing editor)—" Do you want the sermon ' Feed my lambs' to go on the inside page ?" Editor (absent-mindedly) « No; put it in the 'AgriculturalColumn.'" " And are you really so badly broke, my friend V he said as he tendered the tramp a penny. "Broke!" was the bitter response, "I'm as badly broke as the ten commandments." Laura—" So you are really engaged to him, dear ? He is 40, you say, and you are 20— just twice as old as you, love. Dear me, when you are 40 he will be 80." Clara—"Good gracious! I hadn't thought of that." " Larry, my wife and I have both noticed that the town people stare at us very hard. I hope you haven't been telling anybody that we are newly married 1" " Me tell 'em, sor • is it likely that I'd go agin my express order 1 Why, wbinever anybody tried to pump me, sor, I told them you wasn't married tit all/' Curate (to one of his parishioners returning from public-house with jug of beer)—" Why, what's this, Mrs. Murphy? I thought you had taken tbe blue ribbon." Mrs. M.—" Well, you Bee, sir, this is for my good man. I've took tbe blue ribbon for beer, and he's took it for whisky." INVALIDS.—The mei it men of Sydney retheebqjee old wines [lat^Pqfpw and Co.), ley.BWe •tadeased to an^Co. IB^inost of their young wines fiffi the Albury district.— [ADVT.] A gentleman beinff theatened with an infectious fever said to his little son who, in an affectionate mood, wished to embrace bim : " You musn't hug me, you'll catch the fever." "Willie looked in amazement at bis papa, who, by the way, is a model of propriety, and quickly asked : " Why, paps* who did you hug?" Joys ot American Politics—Mr. Millsap," said the beautiful maiden, as she gently removed the young man's arm from about her waist; " I have only known you ior two or three weeks; you must remember, and I have heard papa say he has sesn many a prominent candidate ruin his chances by bringing too much pressure to bear eaily in the campaign." It iB related that a gentleman, who was trying a horse in company with a jockey, noticed that after having driven him a mile or so he pulled pretty hard, required constant watching and a steady rein. The gentleman enquired, " Do you think it is just the horse for a lady to drive ?" " Well, sir," answered the jockey, "I muBt say I shouldn't want to marry the woman that could drive that horse." Passing along Princes-street, Edinbu»gh, one day a herculean Scots Grey stopped at the poBt- office and called on a street arab to polish hiB boots. The feet of the dragoon were in proportion to his height, and looking at the tremendous boots before him, the arab knelt down on the pavement and called upon his chum near by, "Jamie, come ower and gie's a hand ; I've got an army contract." It is told of a popular solicitor that he recently called upon a brother in the profession and asked his opinion upon a certain point of law. The lawyer to whom the question was addressed drew himself up and said, " I generally get paid for what I know." The questioner drew half-a-crown from his pocket, handed it to tbe other, and coolly remarked, "Tell me all you know and give me the change." A well-known French traveller on bis return from Fiji, happened to call on the late Baion de Rothschild, and the latter, always on the look out-for information, pressed him for matters of interest concerning that country. After much hesitation, the visitor at length remarked that what had Btruck him moBt was that there were no Jews and no pigs whatever on the island. "Let us go there together, dear boy," quickly answered the Baron ; " we shall make a fortune." Mark Twain hasn't got all the good things in his " English as She is Taught" A bright young teacher in one of the American schools says that the other day she explained to her class that the meaning of the word " vicissitude" was change, and then asked a boy to give her a sentence in which the word was used. The urchin, with much pride and evident certitude, immediately sang out—"Me mother sent me to the grocery store for the vicissitude of a 5-dollar bill." PECULIAR ADVERTISING.—A cheap clothes dealer has been driven to a novel expedient by the demand for something new in the advertising line. He has torn out from copies of Dante's " Inferno" and Milton's " Paradise Lost," which are illustrated by Dare, a lot of the most hideous full-page pictures, and has them scattered thickly about among tbe goods in his show-window. Wretched beings writhe under a rain of fire upon a pair of trousers placarded, " Like this, 3doI.!" Demons lash naked ghosts through a forest of serpents upon a suit ticketed, "Imported, only 20dol. !" and Adam and Eve eat their evening meal in Elen against a background of striped cloth labelled—" Pants off this piece only 4dol. 50 cents." He wanted a position in a bank. The president was satisfied with his credentials, but before engaging him put him through a little civil service cross-examination. " Suppose, now, a man was to come in here and deposit 20dol. in Idol, bills, how would you count them ?" " I'd wet my fingers and lift up each bill until I got to the last one." " Why would you not lift up the last one ?" " Because there might possibly be one more bill under it, and if the depositor was to see it he would want it back; but if the twentieth bill is not lifted up, and there should be another bill in the pile, the bank makes it, don't you see ?" "You will do," said the bank president. " You have been in the business before, but I didn't suppose you knew that trick." Nurses in hospitals are rather apt to lay too much stress on the advantages received by the patients and their duty of thankfulness ; but still it is the poor soldier who suffers most from always having his canses to be grateful flung in his teeth. Witness the following story :—Chaplain—" So poor Hopkins is dead. I should have liked to speak to him once again and Bontbe his last moment; why didn't vou call me ?" Hospital Orderly—" I didn't think you ought to be disturbed for 'Opkins, sir, so I just soothed hiin as best I could myself." Chaplain—" Why, what did you say to him?" Orderly—" "Opkins,' eez I, 'you're mortal bad.' ' I am,' sez 'e. ' 'Opkins,' sez I, can ope ~ „- - T can,' sez 'e. 'Well then, 'Opkins,' sez I, 'you'll go to 'ell.' 'I suppose so,' sez e. ' 'Opkins,' sez I,' you ought to be werry grateful aB there's a place perwided for you, and that you've got somewhere to go.' And I think 'e heard, sir, and then he died." " Ma and I," she said slyly, " are more like 1 sisters than mother and daughter." "Yes," he said, with a lingering inflection on the afterguard of the yeB, which rose clear to the esilina. "Yes, indeed P' said the girl, the rosy Sush on ber cheeks making her infinitely more beautiful than ever. " Ma and I are inseparables. We have never been separated a single day eince I was a little baby." " N-no ?" he said, this time with an inflection on the second section of no that went only half way to the ceiling and back again. " Oh, dear, no 1" tbe girl went on in her artless way. " And ma and I always said that when I was married she was going to love my husband like ber own son and come and keep house for us." " Oh-h !" William said, with a circumflex. Then he rose firmly and said he had a note in the bank to take up at 3 o'clock, and as it was now balf-past 9 he would go. And go be did, and he didn't come back again. No, never. And ma said to the girl—" That's where you missed it in not fully trusting your mother. Why didn't you tell me thaJ man had been married before ?" 