PARLIAMENTARY NOTES. By A Carper. “Words, words, words,” says Hamlet, and this about sums up the last week’s work in the Assembly, and the fate of public business still hangs in the balance. The burden of each speech is, that the new bill is A work where nothing’s just or fit, One glaring chaos, and wild heaps of wit; aud while they one and all declare that the new.boundaries are most outrageously con ceived aud Jerrymandered with a view to the complete, extinction of the Opposition, yet each speaker rejoices in the merry thought that no alteration can affect his posi tion. Either the Premier has Jerrymandered very badly, or else the Opposition must be astray in some of their assertions. Mean while the Cabinet aud the greater part of their supporters are “ dumb dogs,” and affect a sublime indifference to the taunts and jibes of their opponents. The Premier takes the gruel which the members on the left ladle out with such a lavish hand with out even a wry face. An Electoral Bill lie thinks w»3— 11 Sure some to vex, but never all to please.” And lets the irate members talk themselves out. The most novel feeling about the speeches upon this bill is, that each member speaks what he really feels upon the subject. It is not often that bon. members have such a personal interest in the'question before the House that they can afford to for get the ordinary platitudes of debate. "Catching the spreading notions of the town” becomes so much a matter of habit, that it is only when their personal interests are really in danger that onlookers have au opportunity of viewing the inner thoughts of their legislators. As it is, amongst all the chaff of personal complaints we get here and there a tit bit that is worth all the waiting and watching. Says one member who is supposed to bos3 the Opposition boat, and who keeps Mr Bent straight, “If the election were to take place upon dif ferent days, I would have twenty .seven votes;” while a ghost of a member, who sat in the House some 20 years- ago, sitting in the galleries was heard to murmur sorrow fully—“Ah! we hadn’t any such show in our day, they used to find—g”bot just then he caught the sharp, stern glance of the usher, and quickly subsided into a sad silence.. “ Words are but leaves, ami where they most abound much fruit of sense beneath is rarely found,” and try as one may it is im possible to find any genuine fruit beneath the complainings of the last week. It is not often that the dove of Ararat emits a Hash of wit; but now and then by some occult force operating upon him he does, much to his own surprise, give forth a satirical saying that would be a credit even to the Minister of Lands. Mr Harper’s address was ad mirably summed up by Mr M'Lellan, and liis handling of the members for East Bourke aud Norinanby Was eminently artistic. Mr Harper and Mr Shiels certainly cannot claim to have been political successes. Both have oil through belonged to the same party, and both have had considerable experience in party warfare; and yet tbougli botli have: as good a claim to ability as most men.in .the- Bouse, neither have succeeded in gaining any personal power. .Their speeches last week were alike in the fact that they were unnecessary, and without point; and the feet that they could descend bo the Gaunso-nism, level of speaking, without any adequate rea son, or having: any definite end in view, has made their chances of success very much less.'.’ V , Said an old politician to his son who. was just beginning to- get his foot upon tlie- plat form,‘‘.Neves get on your feet unless you have something to say.” A' golden rule, which many men ignoring, : have- brought themselves to grief. ..Mr Harper went into opposition because he found ifc impossible to honestly, follow Mr Gillies, and most .'people.'give Mr Harper credit, for integrity; blit a few more speeches that are merely opposition criticism in. the. truest sense of the term will make most observers believe that there was more pique than sense in his action. 1 ' ' Perhaps the most; dangerous gift a mem ber cau-possess is the power of speech.: It is not: an easy matter for a • man who is' alwavs : ready to speak for an unlimited time upon any subject, whether he knows auything about it or uot, to sit quietly by, ind allow the Speaker to put the question Without his having troubled the ffansard reporters.'' A Salvation soldier feels con demned, as he calls it, if he feels an impulse to testify, and omits to do so; but his con -demnation is poor indeed compared to the conscience of an oratorical member who has not orated. Long before Mr Deakin was the important-personage he-'is now,' he used to say that when he entered the House, if a young man'could-speak ho was a Gaunson, and if he.conldn’t he wasa Bent. “ I wasu’t a Bent,” he added, “and they knew I could speak, but "for the first two years I hardly : addressed the House at all.” In this sort of sense lay the secret of his suc cess, and in-Mr Shiel’s erratic and often pur poseless speaking lias lain his non-success. ■ If Mr Munro is going to bounce the Minis try into giving the ancient town he repre sents its trio of members, Mr Andrews in tends to achieve the same end by harrow ing the souls of his hearers with pitiful ap peals to their sense of justice. Mr Munro thinks her antiquity should be'a sufficient protection against latter-day Goths aud van dals; Mr Audrews thinks that the mighty men she has sent fortli to battle in the past should be enough to give her a charter of representation by three members for all time, progress or no progress. Whatever Geelong has done in the past with its Sladens and Berrys in these days, she has given up men who can reason with some in genuity. Burke indignantly wanted to know if the days of chivalry were gone, and Gee long weeps in the same way over the harsh utilitarianism of latter day politics. Next to being a pressman or a member of an aggressive church, the ordinary politician longs to be a hotelkeeper. Footballers, cricketers, &c.;, who represent the major portion, of the native vote, will forgive a great deal to a member of Parliament iu the way of false economies if he will only pro vide a cosy room for their committee meetings; and unlimited smiles from himself and household upon the night of some great win. Some say the natives are not drinkers, and sometimes we see reason for such a belief; but to judge by the hotels after a football match, and the num ber of young men there, one feels incliued to doubt it. “Mr Blank does a good trade after a match, I suppose ?” I once remarked to a constituent of one of these M.L.A. publicans. “My word,” he answered, “ but nothing to what he does on Sundays. Satur day the place gets crowded, and we stay there; bnt Sundays we have to take our beer and go.” Immensely popular these men get, and wonderful is the enthusiasm they evoke from their supporters, an enthusiasm which is as incomprehensible as. it is powerful. Next to footballers tile men who evoke most of the sympathies of these members are the miners; and be tween the two their sympathies are continually, like their beer, on the outflow. The football season beiug well over, Mr Baile3 has very' properly taken up the case of the down-trodden miners. We have had so much of the farmers, with their lugubrious tales of utter ruin, that it was something of a relief to have a change of diet. One would have thought that the sharp little representa tive of Sandhurst, who is reported to have performed the most systematic canvass ever done in the Quartz City, would have bad every mining member, heart and soul, with him in his weli-inteutioned effort to give the miners a more valuable title to their preseut holdings, but there are miners and miners. There are those who delve deep down in the earth, and talk politics at crib time; and there are those who don’t delve in the earth, hut delve deeply in leaseholds and promoters’ shares. To judge by the speeches the former are most powerful at Sandhurst, but the latter control the destiuies of Ballarat. The situation indeed became so seiious that Mr Murphy actually caught the eye of the Speaker. It was a revelation to most mem bers in the House. All know, of course, that a licensing bill could draw out the silent member for Ballarat East, but few knew that the interests of the Sulieman Pasha were dearer to his heart than either miners or hotels. As to Mr Vale, one time he was the bitter opponent of all monopolies; but the Star of the East was not in existence then. Mr Bent is nothing if not original. Lately he has been fired with a strong ambi tion to be tho author of a phrase tliat will live. Unable to pierce the thick skins of Ministers he devoted his attention to that of their supporters. “ The forty gaggers have ineteased to fifty-two 2” he cried. Funny men those forty gaggers were. Splendidly drilled by the stern M'Culloch. Their voting was as precise as Sir James’ dress, and none had much more individuality than the costly buttonhole their leader wore; but where was Mr Bent then 2 He wasu’t one of the stonewall, was he of the forty 2 I pause for a reply. Ever since Mr Reid turned the tables most unexpectedly upon Mr Jones last session, Mr Jones has never forgiven the member for Fitzroy “ the capacity to inter ject” was a rather halting phrase, but it was correct. Picture if you can a very long form, a white head, an interested rather humorsome face, hands stuck iu his pockets, his head where his back should he, &c.;, and his soles exposed to the full view of the Opposition, and there you have Mr Reid. AYateh him closely, and you will see his head give a jerk sideways, and an interjec tion come forth the head goes back again, aud Mr Reid is silent. “ Week in, week out,” you have in that his self-appointed task. “ And withered he the nose that pokes Inter the Guvincnt prenten," ejaculated the pious editor; but the sensa tion caused by such nose-poking would be as nothing compared with the realisition of | Mr Tucker’s threat to expose the promoters of bubble companies. If he can tell the public how many members have received a polite note, or telegram, from some profes sional promoter to the effect that a certain company is anxious to have the lion, member as a director, and that the necessary shares are available, he will do the State some ser vice. It is simply wonderful the amount of money that has beeu made by members without capital, and without effort, such magic is there in their very uame. Well might my ghastly friend iu the gallery sigh over the better opportunities men have to day. 