crumbs, ' « :'?? ' ' . ' '' q^ Bedsteads, cost price, at Fergus's. '? J' - Hospital committee meet to- morrow ; .i-- (Thuisday) afternoon. _ ' -: The healthiest homes, § is said, are the slab huts, where the air comes in and out at ? 4 ?, will. ' . ' ' .Tea meeting on Queen's Birthday in the Wesleyan church.and concert in the Pres byterian church at night. . ' , , The Southern Argus (Uoulburn; yieiaea up the ghost on Saturday, after a chequered ex istence of a quarter of a century. Khedive stars have been presented to Mr. ^^ Fred. Shawelhood, proprietor of the Binalong ^M Argus, and to Constable Mo wbray, Greufell. ^B Last Friday a good load of Mongolians ^ passed on to Tumnt, which is now, a sort of 1 Celestial settlement. Fifty landed from the ' , Afghan and Tsinan in the small hours of .' Saturday morning. Disastrous floods have taken place in the valley of the Mississippi. Thousands of acres of winter wheat have been devastated. ; Hundreds of families *re rendered homeless. , ! he flood-waters have reached 15 miles . bi yond the town of Quincey. ? - , .Au extensive conspiracy, involving the army, has been discovered at Belgrade, the capital of Servia. The main object of the 1' plot was the arrest of King Milan, and many . '{, ' of his trusted adherents. It was also pro- „ posed to proclaim M. Karogeorgevics as ?','?' -, King of Servia. Very Precise. — Judge — 'Did you witneBa - -s the accident?' Witness— 'I did.' Judge— ' At what distance ?' Witness—' Sixty-ieven feet and nine inches.' Judge— ' How do you ^ know so exactly ?' Witness—' Well, I knew that I would be summoned, and I prepared myself for all the foolish questions that I knew would be put to me in a court of law.'1 Lord Eandolph Churchill delivered a .speech at Preston on Wednesday night, in which he dwelt upon the present oondition of the defence of the empire. ? He denounced .%; the Admiralifcy and War Office authorities - ^ for their waste aud extravagance, and de- ? . clared that in the event of England being involved in war the ohaos which reigned in those departments would be fatal to the empire. The ships and fortresses, he as serted, were without guns, and the rifles were obsolete, while there was no war material in reserve. We have had — one might almost say, con temporaneously—on the stage in Melbourne three young Australiennea, Australian born, bred, taught, and cultured of whom we may ' justly be proud— Nellie Stewart, Essie Jenyns, and Amy Sherwin. In different walks they are all three among the best we have heard, and will probably make their mark in a wider field than Australia can offer. As a triumviate of Australian pro duction, none were more charming, more talented, or more fascinating. Last December, says a Paris correspondent, the state came in for a large fortune which was left it by an old man named Meyer, who said in his will that he had no relatives. When the inventory of Meyer's goods and chattels was being made a stone filter was thrown aside because broken and unfit for any use, but the other day when it was be ing carried away as rubbish a bundle of papers fell out. On examination they were found to be debentures and other stook, payable to bearer, and, at the present rate of the stock market, worth £12,000. The Government are being roundly con demned by the press of all the colonies for ? their rash policy on the Chinese question; The Freeman's Journal says :— It is difficult % ' te read the Premier's speech on the introduc tion of the Chinese Bill *ith that perfect gravity of countenance which the occasion doubtless demands. It is a grave occasion, and the Premier's method of dealing with it threatens to make it graver still, but in his speech there was such a curious mixture of , \ ithe patriot and the poltroon, the defier of ' armies and navies (at a distance), and the truckler to a mob (close at hand)— so. muoh superfluous passion and such a preposterous display of quite impotent, if put to the test, resolution— that the first feeling on reading it is undoubtedly that expressed by the popular phrase in frequent use during the last few days, that the Premier in this matter has ' gone off his chump.' Lew Ta-jen, the Chinese Minister in ' London, has informed a reporter of the New York Herald that he regards the refusal of the Government of New South . Wales to allow the Chinese to land as cruel and unjust. Sir Henry Parkes, he says, will discover that such action is not the way to gain favours at the court of Pekin. It would have been better if Australia had tried to nnnniliafa *fco Chinese Government, as in the case of the United states. The Times depreoates any panic in New South Wales over the Chinese question. _ It holds that the legislation which has been introduced into the Parliament of that colony is such as to gratify the most exclusive race passions, and is harsh and irritating. A law of this kind ought to be adopted only after due notice JiaB been given to the sufferers, and by New South Wales acting in concert with the other colonies. It expresses the opinion that the result will be calamitous if the colonies put themselves wrong on this matter at the outset. Since Lord Salisbury, and not Sir Henry Parkes will be compelled to justify broken treaties it is only reasonable, the article points out ' that he should be distinctly heard at an early ' ? stage of the parleying on the subiecft ? ' 