CHAMPION STILL. As llio champion political blunderer of Australia, Mr. Hides l|aa just trium phantly carried off another new laurel. Immediately on the meetin" of Parlia- ment yesterday afternoon he rushed forward with a censure motion in which his instinct for doing the wrong thing right and the right thing wrong fairly surpassed itself. He was seemingly put on his mcltlo by the appearance of a most unexpected - rival in the person of Mr. M 'Mill ax, and the result shows what Mr. Dimis is capable of achieving undor the stimulus of competition in his own special lino. In a moment of Im perialistic plirenzy Mr. M'Mu.lax got himself into a political mess from which, if left alone, ho would liavo had some difficulty in , escaping. The censure motion standing in his namo on last night's business paper could not bo pressed without seriously dis- nrnrllfinrr lita n/-» 1 1 f J#»o 1 -inrl mmnn + !n rM"M"0 44 1>W"V»V€»A jMt.0uiv.uw IU. the eyes of the country. It could serve no purpose whatever but to annoy tho Hopso and obstruct publiq business, sins against which Mr. M'Millan is himself always one of tho loudest, de- claimers. There was not the remotest chance of the motion being carried, and oven if it were carried the victory would he more embarrassing to Mr. M'Mili.ax than a defeat. Under all these circumstances, there was nothing for him but to face - the humilia tion of taking his rashly launched motion back again and for some timo at least to restrain his propen sity for casting the first stone nt tho political wantons on tho other side of the House. But at tho eloventh hour came Mr. DibdS as bis deliverer. All the public odium attaching to the position of Mr. M'Mini'AK in this unfortunate business Mr. Dimis took for himself with a rush which startled nobody more than his own colleagues. Mr. M'Mjllan'b feelings on viewing Mr. Diubs with this now censure motion last night can only be compared to tlioso which may have been experienced by Abraham when he saw the ram caught in the thicket. Tho rashly undertaken sacrifice of his poli tical roputation to the fetish of Imperial ism would not havo to be made. Mr. Diuus would bo his substitute. The subject matter of tho new motion is almost too absurd for serious criticism. What it asks the House to do in plain effect is not to pass a voto of censure on tho Govern ment but to pass ono on itself, Mr. Hums included. Tho motivo under lying this piece of pure nonsense is as transparent as the sunlight. It is simply aclunisy incantation got up for the purpose of laying the political ghost of the old Ohineso Dibbs with which the present protectionist party aro haunted. But the working men of New South Wales are not such fools as to be bamboozled by any device of this sovt. They know exactly all that) this cry of "prohibition " .011 the part of Mr. Hums is intended for. He is the only politician in the colony who dare not say less irrespective of what he may mean. Coming, how ever, to the issuo which Mr.. Bibbs' motion places beforo the House. It involves four propositions, as follows : — 1\. Tlmt ho legislation which docs not provide for the total exclusion of the Chinese Immi grants will be acceptable to this House. 2\. That any legislation in regard to the Chinese should, if possible, be tho result of tho united action of the Australasian colonies. H. That the Government shonld withdraw the bill now before the Legislative Council, which assumes to deal with the Chinese, with a view of adopting the principle involved in resolu tions iios. 1 and 2. <1, That this House is of opinion that it would fail in its duty if it did not express its condemnation of the late illegal acts of the Government in regard to the Chincso. Tho first of these asks tho House to declare unacceptable that which it ha3 just deliberately accepted. Tbo present bill was substantially accepted by oven Mr. Hums himself, who in his capacity as leader of the Opposition let tho second reading pass without division. This bill is now beforo the Upper House, to wbicb it lias been sent for considera tion by tho Assembly. And Mr. Hums affects to seriously nsk tbo Assembly to declare its own bill un acceptable. With regard to tho second proposition that "any legislation on the Chinese question should, if possible, be the result of united action amongst the Australian colonies," no objection requires to lie taken. It lias nover been in dispute and is not so now. But as soon as it is shown that such united legislation is possiblo the timo will havo arrived lor dealing with if. — not before. Meanwhile we must only make tho best of the possibilities which actu ally exist. As for demanding tho with drawal of the bill now before tlie Council with the view of substituting a prohibi tive ono, this, wo suppose, is Mr. Hums' way of doing in disguise Hint which lie did not dare to do openly — oppose tbo passage of restrictive legisla tion altogether. With his roputation as an ex-Chinese importer he dared not givo a vote against the second read ing of the bill. But be now wishes to destroy it on the pretence of substitut ing one of a moro stringent character. He forgots, however, that in talking of prohibition bo is using the same " dis loyal" language for which ho impeached Sir Husky Pap.kks only a few nights ago on this very question. Because, if Mr. Hums means prohibition he must also mean " dclinnee to her Majesty's representative" in the more than probnblo event of bis being instructed to veto a blankly prohibitive bill. To be an earnest prohibitionist Mr. Hums must therefore bo prepared to carry bis " disloyalty " much further than lie denounces .Sir Hexky Parkes for having done. But wo know that with Mr. Biur.s Bowning-strect always comes first, while it is a matter of com parative indifference what comes next. Lastly ho calls on the House to ex press an opinion " tlint it would fail in its dutv if it did not express con- demnation of tho late illegal acts of the Government in rotrard to the Chinese." In other words, this is to say that tho House should declare that it has more than failed in its duty already. For, instead of condemning the Government for those acts, it has deliberately passed a bill to condone them. What Mr. Hums now wants is that the House should turn round and repudiate this ; to put tho Government again on their trial for an offence that has already boon pardoned. Surely such an incoherent jumble of absurd proposals as this singular motion embodies has nover before been sub mitted to an Assembly assumed to meet for seriously deliberative objects. The whole affair has tho inimitable hall mark of Bibbsdom upon it and it deserves to rank amongst tho most brilliant triumphs of his extraordinary political handicraft. 