*" MAGAZINES FOR DECEMBER j ? Fias. NOTICE. Among Christmas numbers the place of honour must be given to the English Illustrated Magazine, The frontispiece, the ". Portrait of Rembrandt, by himself," engraved by M. 0. Labour, from the picture in the National Gallery, is admirably done; and the other illustrations, particularly those of Mr. Herbert Baflton, are of a very high order of excellence. "The- Sea of Galilee" is described by Mr. Lawrence Oliphant, who prophesies for the little town of Tiberias a brilliant future as a winter residence for invalids. " Ornithology at South Ken ( hgton " is the subject of an erudite paper by Mr. >I_Bowdler Sharpe, of the British Museum, who reads the English Government a lecture on its neglect to encourage and subsidise the collection of natural history specimens. " It will hardly be believed," he indignantly writes, " that from all our costly enterprises, in Egypt and the Soudan, we have not reserved a single specimen of a bird in the British Museum." Mr. W. Outram-Trislram continues his delightful sketches of " Coaching Days had Coaching Ways," dealing, this month, with the Exeter Road. Mr. J. Fitzgerald Molloy revives some pleasing dramatic gossip of the days of Mrs. " Abington Foote, and David Garrick. " The Magic Fan," a complete story by Mrs. Stannard, alias John Strange Winter, author of "Bootle's Baby," is quite unworthy of the high reputation of the authoress. Art, poetry, erudition, and romance are all adequately represented in the Christmas issue of Harper's Magazine. The best of the artists is Mr. Edwin H. Abbey, who has reached some admirable illustrations for Winthorp M. Praed's famous poem, "The Vicar." Of the poets the most pleasing are Mr. Andrew Lang,. who, in "Another Way," replies to one of Mr. Matthew Arnold's fancies and Mr. William Black who sends a graceful rendering of one of Heinrich Heine's inimitable lyrics. Mr. George P. Kung is the able representative of erudition. " Precious Stones in the United States " is the topic of his learned disquisition which is accompanied and adorned by a gorgeous coloured picture of many notorious "Transatlantic gems. "Inja," by Amelie Rivers-, His Day in Court, by Charles Egbert Craddock i " Captain Santa Claus," by Captain Charles King; and "Annie Laurie," by Elizabeth Stuart Phelps, constitute the full list of fiction in the number. Mr. William Dean Howells, the editor, contributes a farce, which is not a farce and Mr. Thomas Bailey Aldrich a dramatic poem, based on an incident in Russian life. There is also a long article on " Old Garden Flowers," by Mr. F. W. Burbidge, F.L.S. After comparing and contrasting the . rival charms of poppies, peonies, daffodils, holly- hocks, and flax, the writer arrives at the ingenious and characteristically American conclusion that '' there is nothing in the world more democratic in its tendencies and teachings than is a gardener in his " Easy Chair the editor? surveys the past history of his magazine, and indulges in a particularly rosy retrospect, and an equally prosy gossip about Christmas, and the delights and duties of the season that comes but I once a year." Opening his drawer, however, he unbends, and produces " Shot Through the Head, a musical drama of 1864, after the fashion of " A French Vaudeville," by Mr. Edward Everett Hale. The *' Editor's Drawer," in Harper's Magazine, will probably remind the well-read reader of Christopher North's " Balaam Box." When the accomplished author of the " Noctes Ambrosionce was pestered with contributions from the outside world it was his custom to put them away after perusal, in a receptacle by themselves, not intending to use them. But, on being sorely pressed by the amateurs to give them a chance of appearing in print, he threatened to unlock " the I Balaam box and give the fools a holiday." The public would not be less obliged to Mr. Howell, judging by example, were he to keep his " Balaam box" close shut. longman's gelatine is fairly up to the mark. Mr. Andrew Lang has something to say about ghosts and dreams; and writes a prelude to a " Ballade of Betsy Barnes, the Book-burner," a misguided cook who, according to the legend, destroyed a large collection of old quarto plays and other MISS, many of them unique." "The Goldfields of the Transvaal, are ex- haustively dealt with by Mr. George J. Nathan,-a-gen tleman who writes with a personal knowledge of the various provinces of South Africa. He traces the history and development of the gold-mining industry, from the first discovery of auriferous strata to the present time, and takes a highly sanguine view of the possibilities of the immediate future. " That the gold fields of the Transvaal are a fact," he writes, "is undeniable; and my own belief is that, before another year has passed away, there will be a "boom" in South Africa such as the world has never been before. Mr. Boyd better known as A. K. H. Bothe amusing author of " Recreations of a Country Parson," contributes a short paper on *' Human Incapacity." The author of "Reata" is responsible for a short story of a very commonplace character, and Miss E. Nesbit sends verses, "The Pixies' Gardens," which are distinctly above the standard of the ordinary poetry of magazines. Chamber's Journal deals, as usual, in out of the way information, and tells the ignorant a great deal they do not know on a variety of subjects, ranging from chess to rabbit hunting, and catarrh to hydrophobia. There are also hints to amateur actors, and there is likewise, of course, an opportune appearance of the harmless necessary " ghost At length Mr. Marion H. Sprielmonn, the now editor of the Ifnjacine of Art, has used up all the copy bequeathed to him by Mr. Hall, his predecessor in the chair, and rumour says that the January issue will be full of papers by artistic "men of light and leading. The most important article in the December number is "Studies in English Costume: William III., by Mr. Richard Heath, illustrated with engravings of coats and waistcoats lent for the purpose from the wardrobe of Mr. Seymour Lucas, R.A. The accuracy with which all the measurements of the various garments have been taken will be of the greatest service to stage managers and theatrical costumiers. " Glimpses of Artist Life," by the editor, is a graphic description of the Royal Academy Schools, as seen from the point of view of the students rather than of the academicians. "The progress of English' art, as shown at the Manchester Exhibition," is treated by Mr. Claude Phillips, who deplores the exclusion of all work from the brush of Mr. Whistler, " to whose influence," he prophesies, "we shall awoke next development of English art." Mr. Talmoyr describes "The Forest of Fontainebleau," with illustrations from drawings by M. A. Lepare. Mr. Cosmo Monkhouse the art critic of the Academy) writes of Jan Van Eyck picture of John Arnold, of Lucia, and his Wife," and Mr. Charles Whibley contributes a lengthy criticism of the paintings on exhibition at the Wolverhampton Municipal Art Gallery. Among the minor magazines of the month, the Sunday at Home promises still to preserve the high reputation which, in religious circles, it enjoys for the judicious conjunction of pious sentiments with an entertaining style. Dr. Staughton' and the Rev. Frederick Hastings are the best known of the contributors, Leisure Hour, on the other hand, is more secular and less satisfactory. Its fiction is of an inferior order, and its learning is not exactly " put lightly, like powder in jam," The Rev. Prebendary Jones preaches a short sermon on the duty of " cheerful giving, and the Rev. Henry Solly talks some solid common sense about a Our Vagrant and Criminal Classes, and the possibility of providing them with industrial employ- ment The welcome announcement, however, is made that the leisure Ilovr " will commence the year with an improved issue," including John Strange Winter among its contributors. This is satisfactory news. Evergreen is the title of the Christmas number of the Girl's Own Paper. It contains a variety of mediocre stories and articles, all more or less suited to the genial Mason. The most notable, perhaps, is that from the pen of "Medicus," a discreet physician, who appears, like the proverbial skeleton at the feast, to warn giddy girls against the dangers of excess in Christmas cheer. The editor of the Boy's Own Paper has also pro- need a special Christmas issue, of a robust description, suited to the more vigorous preferences of his readers. Wakes, revellers, plum puddings, and school boys home for the holidays figure on almost every page, while for such as possess and cultivate a taste for horrors there is also a sufficiency of gruesome tales about pirates, wolves, and the evergreen inevitable ghost. The Quiver follows up the success of the new departure, taken last month, with another excellent scabs. The Very Rev. the Dean of Canterbury describe.,- with much, minuteness of detail, "How God Preserved the New Testament." The Rev. Frederick Hastings very sensibly suggests that people who are condemned to make their home in a " second-floor back " should cultivate the companionship of "righteousness, temperance, and piety." The indefatigable interviewer is still engaged in his employment, and has had a highly interesting conversation with the Rev. Hugh Price Hughes, a minister actively engaged in the Propagation of Wesleyan Methodism at the West End. The Woman's World, edited by Mr. Oscar Wilde, has now issued its second number ; but as yet has not succeeded in making any very marked impression. As a matter of fact the field occupied by this venture is fairly well filled by the Queen news- paper and kindred publications. Mr. Oscar Wilde has I been his unwonted career of editorship, apparently with the impression that a long list of names of distinguished persons will induce the public to follow their lead. Before The Woman's World can hope to take rank among the first-class shilling magazines, it must contain something better than anything Mr Wilde has yet favoured us with. Good Words occupies a unique position half way between what Mr. Laurence Oliphant might call the " worldly-holy " and the " wholly worldly " magazines. The religious instincts of its subscribers are adequately provided for by " Short Sunday Readings " from the pen of Dr. Norman Macleod. Their curiosity, on the other hand, will be tickled by Professor Grant's erudite and ingenious speculations, " The Stars : are they Suns ?" while their appetite for fiction could not easily receive better fare than the two serial stories, " Major and Minor, by Mr. W. E Norris, and " Her Two Millions," by Mr. William Westall, author of " Red Ryvington." The announcements for 1888 include a novel by Mr. David Christie Murray, some mountaineering experiences, by Mr. Edward Whymper, and a proper proportion of religious papers, by a variety of bishops, deans, principals, professors, and other notabilities in the religious world. . 