DEAD MAN'S ROCK. A ROMANCE ; Br Q. [Published by special arrangement with Messrs. Ca6seII & Co. All rignts reserved.] BOOK II.— THE FINDING OF TECR GREAT RUBY. Chapieji IX. — Teuls how Two Voices Led mb to Board a Schoobeb, as» what Befell TBE2£.(Continued ) Stumbling in the uncertain light over innumerable timbers, spars, and old oars, we reached the shed at length, and to gether managed, after much delay, to got out the light boat and Ieb her down to tha water. I gave him the two sovereigns, as well as the few shillings that remained in my pocket, and as I descended reflected grimly that after all they were better in his possession : the man who should find my body would have so mush the less spoil. We had scarcely spoken whilsfa we were getting the boat out, and what words we used were uttered in thab whisper which night always enforces ; bat as I clambered down — for the tide was now for oub — and Bagnell passed doim the ' : sculls, he asked — ' When will you be back, sir ?' The same question. I gave it the same answer. *' Not before morning,' I said, and with a few strokes was out upon the tide and pulling down the river. I saw him standing there above in the moonlight still wondering, until he faded in the dim haze behind. My boat was a light Thames dingey, so that although I felt the tide running up against me, it nevertheless made fair progress. What decided me to pull agiinst the tide rather than float quietly upwards 1 do not know to this day. So deadened aud vague was ail my thought, thab it probably never occurred to me to correct the direction in which the first few strokes had taken me. I was conscious of nothing but a row of lights gliding past me on either hand, of here and there a tower or tall building, that stood up for an Inst&at; ? . against the eky and then 6 warn slowly oat of sight, of the creaking of my sculls in the ungreaeed rowlocks, and, above aU» tha trfcite eiummer of tha mo ^ folio wing IdJ 'boat salt swung aownX/ards. j I remember ti^w *hz\ fn *. ?!-i'V''i nr, ! 1 tried '. o «6-2-g3 ts-%1 p^ioia-.-cut t-rUl:auie that still «hiDg to my boat's side with every stroke I took ; that somehow a dull triumph possessed me when for a moment I clipped beneath the shadow of a bridge, «r crept behind a black and silent hull, .All tins I can recall now, and wonder at the trivial nature of the thought. Then I caught the scent of white rose, and fell towoaderinghowit came there. There had been the «ame scent in the drawing-room that afternoon, I remembered, when Claire had said good- bye for ever. Hjw had it followed, me? After this I set myself Kimles&ly; to count the lights that passed, loat count, and b.gan again. And all the time the white glimmer hung at my Evde. I was Btill wrapped up in my cloik, though iiie cape was flung back to give my arois fiee play. Rowing so, I must quickly have been warm ; but I felt it no mare than I had felt the cold as I walked ha me f v.m the theatre. My boat was creeping b(ong the Middlesex shore, by the old SVsuple Btairs, and presently threaded its va-y through more crowded channels, and j-«*ted under the blacknes3 of Londoa B ;dge. How far below this I went, I cannot c' early call to mind ; of distance, as well as of time, I had lost all calculation. I recollect making a circuit to avoid the preea of boats waiting for the early dawn by Billicgsgate Market, and have a vision of the White Tower againet tha heavens. But my next Impression of any clearness is that of rowing under the shadow o! a black three-masted schooner that lay close under shore, tilted over on her port side in the low water. As my dingey floated out again from beneath the ov«r!ianging lull, I looked np and saw the words, 'Water Witch, painted In white upon her pitch-dark bows. . By this time I was among the tiers of shipping. I looked back over my shoul der, and saw their countless masts loom ing up as far as eye could see in the dim light, and their Iamp3 flickering and wavering- upon the water. I roved about a score of BtrokeB, and then stopped. Why- go farther? This place would serve as well as any other. No one Teas likely to hear my splash as I went overboard, and even if heard it would not be Interpreted. I was still near enough to the Middlesex bank to be out of the broad moonlight that lit up the middle of the river. 1 took the tin box out of my -cloak and stowed it for a moment in the stern. I would sink It with the key before I flung myself in. So, pulling the key out of the other pocket, I took off the cloak, then my dress coat and waistcoat, folded them carefully, and placed them on the stern seat. This done I slipped the key into one pocket of my trousers, my watch And chain into the other. I would do all 'quietly and in order, I reflected. I was silently kicking off my shoes when . a thought struck me. In my last struggles !t was possible that the desire of Of e would master me, and almost uncon sciously X might . take to swimming. la ihe ©M. days at lizard Town swimming 'hacL'been aaWtural to me as walking, and I had no doubt that as soon as in thej water I should begin to strikeout. Gould 2 count upon determination «nough to withhold my arms and let myself -slowly drown? Here was a difficulty; bat I resolved to mate everything sure. I took my handkerchief out of the coat pocket and bent down to tie my feet firmly together. 'All this I did quite calmly and mechani cally. As far as one can be certain of any 3hiBg at this distance of time, I am certain of&is; that no thought of hesitation cams Into any head. It was not that I overcame any doubts ; they never occurred to me. I was stooping down, and had already bound ~ ihe handkerchief once around my ankles when my boat grated softly against something. I looked up and saw once ' more above me a dark ship's hull, and right, above my head the white letters, Water Witch. This would never do My boat had drifted np the river again with the tide, stern foremost, but a little aslant, and had ran against the warp by the schooner's bows. I must pull out again, for other* wise the people on board would hear me. I .pushed gently off from the warp and ifeook the sculls, when suddenly I 'heard 'Voices back towards the stern. My first impulse was to get away with all speed, and I had already taken half a stroke when something caused my hands to drop and my heart to give one wild 4eap. What was it ? Sometiung in the voices? Yes ,? something that brushed my stupor from me as though it were »«obweb--- jsometblng that made me hush any breath «nd strain with all my eats to listen. The two volceB were those of a -man and woman. They were slightly raised as If in a quarrel; the woman's pleading and en -treating, the xnan'W threatening and stern. -But that 'was not the reason thatsuddenly set my heart -uncontrollably beating and sail the blood tfofchlsg 'and surging to my temples. ' : For in those two voices I recognised Mrs ? Luttrell «nd Simon Oolliver ! 'Have you abt done enough?' the woman's voice was saying 'Has your cruelty no end that you most pursue me so ? Take thlBtnoney and let me go.' *'I must have 'more,' was the answer. ''Iiftleed,-! have no more just now. Go, ^only go, and I -wilL Bend you some. I -ewe&rlt.;' '':! cannot go,' said the man. 'Why?' ' Never mind. I am watched.' Here the voice muttered some words which I conld not catch. 'So that unless you wish to see your husband swing — and ? believe -me, my confession and last dying speech would not omit to mention the kind aid I had received from you and Clar ? ' 'Hush ! oh, hu&h; ! If I get you this money will you leave ua in peace for a time? Knowing your nature, I will not ask for pity— only for a short respite. I -must tell Clare, poor girl ; she does not ktow yet ? ' Quite softly my boat had drifted once more across the schooner's bows. I pulled it round until its nose touched the anchor chain and made 'the painter fast. Then . clipping my hand- tip the chain, I stood with my Bhoeless feet upon the gunwale *by the bows. Still grasping the «hsin I sprang and swung myself out to the jib boom that, with the cant of the vessel, was not far above the water ; then pressed my left foot in between the stay and the brace, while I hung for a moment to listen. They had not heard, for I could still catch the murmur of their voices. The creak of the jibboom and the swish of my own boat beneath had frightened me at first. It seemed impossible that it should not dis turb them. But after a moment my coinage returned, and I pulled myself up on to the bowsprit, and lying almoBt at fall length along it, for fear of being spied, crawled slowly along, and dropped noise lessly on to the deck. They were standing together by the mls&en-ma;&t;, he with his back turned full toward^ me, she less entirely averted, so that I could see a part of her face in the moonlight, and the silvery gleam of her grey hair. Yes, it was they, surely enough , and they had not eeen me. My revecge, long waited for, was in my graepTat last. ?Suddenly, as I stood there watchiug them, I remembered my knife — the blade Which had slain my father. I had lef & it below — fool that I was ! — in the tin b'jr. Cuuld I Creep back again and return with out attracting their attention ? Should I laza'td the attempt for the Bake of plant ing that piece of steel in Simon G Oliver's black heart? It was a foolish thought, but my erhole soul was set upon murder* now, and the -chalice of ffejing him with, the v&ry; Lmfe left In iny father's wound {teamed too dear to be ligh'fjy gjreu up nI#Bt likely he was armed cow, whilst I had no weapon but tbe naked hind Tet I did tot thhik. -.-i ;:i. it i;i;V-6c evan. -kojarf^id so me that he would defend him self. Still, the thought of that knife was sweet to me as I crouched there beneath the shadow of the bulwarks. Should I go or not ? I paused for a moment undecided, then rose slowly erect. As I did so Mrs. Luttreli turned for an instant and saw me. As I stood there, bareheaded, with the moonlight shining full upon my white shirt-sleeves, I mast have seemed a very ghost ; for a look of abject terror swept across her face, her voice broke off and both her hands were flung up for mercy — ' Oh, God ! Look 1 Look !' As I ru-hed forward he turned, and then with the spring of a wild cat was upon me. Even as he leapt my foot slipped upon the greasy deck ; I staggered backward one step — two steps — and then fell with a crash do srn the unguarded fore castle ladder. Chapter X. — Tells rsr What Matswat I Leaesx the Secret of the Gkeer Key. As my senses came gradually baik I could distinguish a narrow, dingy cabin, dimly lit by one flickering oil lamp which swuig from a rafter above. Its faint ray just revealed the furniture of .the room, which consisted of a seaman's chest standing in the middle and two gaunb stools On one of these I was seated, propped against the cabin wall, or rather partition, and as I attempted to move I learnt that I was bound hand and foot. On the other stool opposite me and be side the chest sat Simon Colllver, silently eyeing me. The lamplight as it flared and wavered cast grotesque and dancing sha dows of the man upon the wall behind, made of his matted hair black eaves under which his eyes gleamed red as fire, and glinted lastly upon something bright lying on the chest before him. For a minute or so after my eyes first opened no word was eaid. Still dizzy with my fall, I stared for a moment at the man, then at the chest, and saw that the bright objects gleaming there were my grand father's key and my watch-chain, at the end of which hung the Golden Clasp. Bat sow the clasp was fitted to its fellow and the whole buckle lay united upon the -board. Though the bonds around my arms, wruts, and ankles caused me intolerable pain, yet my first feeling was rather of abject humiliation. To be caught thus easily, to be lying here like any rat in a gin 1 this was the agonising thought. Nor was this all. There on the chest lay the Golden Clasp united at last — the work completed -which was begun with that un holy massacre on board the BeUe Fortune. I had played straight into Colliver 'a .hand. '. He was in no hurry, but sat and watched me there with those intolerably evil eyes. His left hand was thrust carelessly into his pocket, and .. as he tilted back upon the stool and surveyed me, his right was playing with the clasp upon the chest. As I painfully turned tny : head a drop of blood came trickling down ' into my eyes from a cut in my forehead ; ; I saw, however, that the door was baited. An empty bottle and a plate of broken victuals lay oarelessly thrust in a comer, and a villainous smell from the lamp filled the whole room and almost choked me ; but the only sound in the dead stillness of the place was the monotonous tick-tick of my watch as it lay upon the chest. How long I had lain there I could not . gueeB, but I noticed that the floor slanted ' much less than when I first scrambled on deck, so guessed that the tide must have rises considerably. Then having exhausted my wonder I looked again at Colliver, and began to speculate how he would kill me and how long he would take about it. I found ills wolfish eyes still regarding me, and for a minute or two we studied each other in silence. Then without re moving his gaze he tilted bis stool for ward, slowly drew a short heavy knife from his waist- band, slipped it out of its eheath— still without taking his left haed from his pocket — laid it on the table and leant back again. ' I suppose,' he said at last and very deliberately as if chewing his words, ' yen know that if you attempt to cry out ox summon help your are a dead man that iflEttot.' 'Well, well,' he continued, after wasting a moment for my reply, 'as long as you understand that, it does not matter. I confess I should have preferred to talk with you and not merely to you. However, before I kill you— and I suppose you guess that I am going to kill you as soon as I've done with you — I wish to have just a word, Master Jasper Treno weth.' From the tone in which lie said the words he might have been congratulating me on some great good fortune. Ha paused awhile as if to allow the full force of them to sink in, and then took up the Golden Clasp. Holding the' pieces together with the fore finger and thumb of his right hand, he advanced and thrust it right under my sight — ' Do you see that ? Can you read it ?' As I was still mute he walked back to the chest and laid the clasp down again. 'Aha!' he exclaimed with a short laugh horrible to hear, 'you won't speak. But there have been times, Mr. Jasper Trenoweth, when you would have given your soul to lay hands upon this piece of gold and read what is written upon it. It is a pity your hands are tied— a thousand pities. But I do not wish to be hard on you, and so 1 don't mind reading out what is written here. The secret will be safe with you, don't you see ? Quite— safe — with— you.' He rolled out these last words, one by one, with infinite relish ; and the mockery in the depth of those eyes seared me far more than my bonds. After watching the effect of his taunt he resumed his seat upon the stool, pulled the clasp towards him, and said — ' People might call me rash for entrust ing these confidences to you. Bat I do not mind admitting that I owe you some reparation — some anterior reparation. S 3, as I don't wish you to die cursing me, I will be generous. Listen !' He held the buckle down upon the table and read out the inscription as follows : — START . AT . FULL . MOOS . ESD . SOUTH. POIKT . £7 . FEET . K K W. . 22 . FEET, W. OF RDiO . KORTH . SIDE . 4 FEET . 6 . INCBES . BEEP . AT . POINT. OF . MEETIK8 . LOW . WAXES . 1J . HOURS. He read It through twice very slowly, aid each time as he ceased looked up to see how I took it. ' It does not seem to make much sense, dees it ?' he asked. ' But wait a moment and let me parcel it out into sentences. I should not like you to miss any of its meaning. Listen again.' He divided the writing up thus : — ' Start at full moon. End South Point 27 feet N.N. W. 22 feet W. of Ring. North Side. 4 feet 6 inches deep at point of meet ing. Low water 1J hours.' 'You still seem puzzled, Mr.- Treno weth. Very well, I will even go onto explain further. The person who en graved this clasp meant to tell us that something — let us say treasure, for sake cf argument — could be found by any one who drew two lines from some place un known ; one 27 feet in length in direction K.NW. from the South Point of that place ; the other 22 feet due West of a certain Rirg on the North side of that tame place So far I trust I make my meanirg clear. That which we hare agreed to call the treasure lies buried at a depth of 4 feet 6 inches on the spot where these two lines intersect. But the person (you or T, for the sake of argument) who eetlis this treasure 'must start at fall moon. Why ? Obviously because the spring tides occpr with a fall moon, consequently tbe low ebb. We must expect, tnea, to fiud cur treasure buried in a spas which is 1 o)j}y uncovered at dead low water'; and to tiia conclusion I am also helped by the Iftst pentertce, xrbieii s»tf, 'Tjow wi'if.r ll L^uifc ' lt.it-ui«.iJ,i.-aUbimt-,Mf. Trenoiwech, . in some such place that we must look for | our treasure ; the only question being, ' Where was that place V ' I was waiting for this, aud a great tide of jr-y swept over me as I reflected that After all he had not solved the mystery. Tbe clasp told nothing, the key told no tliirg. The eecret was safe as yet. He must have read my thoughts, for he looked steadily at me out of tho3e dark j eyes of hie, and then said veiy slowly and j deliberately — j *' Mr. Trenoweth, it grieves me to taunt j your miserable case : bus do y ju miad aiy Eayirg that you are a fool V I simply stared in answer. ' Your father was a fool — a pitiful fool ; atd you are a fool- Which would lead me, did I not know better, to believe tbato your grandfather, Amos Trenoweth, wa3 a fool also. I should wrong him if I called him that. He was a villain, a black- hearted, murderous, cold- blooded, damnable villair ; but he was only a fool for once in his life, and that wag when he trusted in the sense of his descendants.' His voice, as he spok« of my grand father, grew suddenly shrill and dis cordant, while his eyes blazed up in furious wrath. In a tecond or two, how ever, he calmed himself again and went on quietly as before. ' You wonder, perhaps, why I csll you a fooL It is because you have lived for fourteen years with your hand upon riches that would make a king jealous, and have never had the sense to grasp them ; it ia because you have shut your eyes when you might have seen, have been a beggar when you might have ridden in a carriage. Upon my word, Mr, Jasper Trenoweth, when I think of your folly I have half a mind to be dog sick with you myself.' What could the man mean ? What waa this clue which I had never found 1 And all the time it was written -'pon this key here, as large as life ; not only that, bnt, to leave you no excuse, Amos Trenoweth actually told you that it was written here,' ' What do you mean ?' stammered I, forced into speech at last. ' Ah ! so you have found your voice, lave you ? What do I mean 2 Do you mean to say you do not guess even now ? 'Cpon my word, I am loth to kill bo fair a fool.' He regarded me for a moment with pitying contempt, then stretched oat his hand and took up my grandfather's key. ' I read here,' he said, ' written very clearly and distinctly, certain words. You must know those words j but I will repeat them to you to refresh your memory : — S31I0S: 31153 ^D £j©pi£S «?D 'Well?' IaEked, for— fool that I was even yet I did not understand. ' Mr. Jasper Trenoweth, did you ever hear tell of such a place as Dead Mau'd Rock ?' The truth, the whole horrible certaiaty of it, struck me as one great wave, and rushed over my bent head as with the whirl and roar of many waters. 'Dead Man's Bock I' 'Dead Man's Rock !' it sang in my ears as it swept me off my feet for a moment and passed, leaving me to sick -and battle in the gulf of bottomless despair. And then, as if I really drowned, my past life with all its follies, mistakes, wrecked hopes and baseless dreams shot swiftly past in one long train. Again I saw my mother's patient, anxioua smile, my father's drowned face with the salt drops trickling from his golden hair, the struggle on the rock, the Inquest., the awful face at the window, the corpses of my parents stretched side by side upon the bed, die scene in the gambling-hell with all its white and desperate faces, Claire, my lost love, the river, the theatre, Tom's death, and that last; dreadful scene, Franceses- -niili -the -dark - blood soaking her white dress and trick ling down upon the boards. I tried to put my hantfs before my eyes, but the cords held and cut my arms like burning tteeL Then in a flash I seemed to be striding madly up and down Oxford street while Btill in front of me danced and jflew the yellow woman, her every diamond flashing in the gaslight, her cold black eyes, as they turned acd mocked me, blazing, marsh lights of doom. Then came the ringing of many bells in my ears, mingled v ifah silvery laughter, as though the fiends were ringing jubilant peals within the pi|. Presently the sights grew dim and died awey, but the chiming laughter still con tinued. I looked np. It was Colliver laughing, and his face was that of an arch devil. *'It does me good to. see -you,' be ex plained ; ' oh, yes, it is honey to my soul. Fool ! and a thousand times fool ! that ever I should have lived to triumph thus over you and your accursed house !' Once more his voice grew shrill and his eyes flashed ; once more he collected him aelf. ' You shall hear it out,' he said. ' Look here !' and he pulled a greasy book from his pecket. ' Here is a nautical almanack. What day is it ? December 23, or rather some time in the morning of December 24, Christmas Eve. On the eveniDg of December 24 it is full moon and dead low water at Fal month about 11.30 p m. Fate (do you '. believe in fate, Mr. Trenoweth?) could not have chosen the time better. In something under 20 hoars one of us will have his hands upon the treasure. Which will it be, eh ? Which will it be ?' Well 1 knew which it would be, and the knowledge was bilter as gall. ' A merry Christmas, Mr. Jasper Tretiowetb. ! Peace on earth and goodwill ? ? You will bear no malice by that time. So & merry Christmas, and a merry Cnri&tmaB-box; ! likewise the compliments of the season, aid a happy New Year to yon ! 'Where are you going to spend ChriBtmas, Mr. Trenoweth — eh? I a-n thinking of passing it by the sea. You will, perhaps, try the sea too, only you will be in it. Thames runs swiftly when it has a corpse for cargo. Oho ! ' At his rf d, red lips the merrymaid sip^ For the kieu that his sweetheart stole, my lads Sing ho ! for the bell shall toll ! ' I'm afraid no bell will toll for you, Mr. Trenoweth ; not yet awhile at any rate. Not till your s sreetheart is weary of waiting — 'Arid the devil has got his due, my Is! 3 — Sing ho ! but he waits for you ! ' Both waiting for you, Mr. Trenoweth, ycur sweetheart and the devil — which ehall have you ? * Ladies first,' you would say. Aha ! I am not so sure. By the way, might I give a guess at your sweet heart's name ? Might it begin with C ? Might she be a famous actress 1 Claire, perhaps she calls herself '{ Aha ! Claire's pretty eyes will go red with watching before she eets them on yon again. Fie on you to keep so sweet a maiden waiting ! And where will you bo all the time, Mr. Jasper Trenoweth ?' He stopped at last, mastered by his ferocity and almost panting. Bat I — for the sound of Claire's name had maddened me — broke out in* fury — ' Dtg and devil 1 I shall be lying with all the other victims of your accursed life ; dead as my father whom you foully murdered within sight of his home ; dead as those other poor creatures you eley upon the Belle Fortune; dead as my mother, -nhcee pure mind fled at sight of your infernal face, whose very life fled at sight of your handiwork ; dead as John Railton, whom you stabbed to death uptn' ? ' ' Bush, Mr. Trenoweth ! As for your ravlngE, 1 love to hear them, asd could listen by the hour, did not time press. But 1 cauEot have you talking so loudly, you understand ;' and he toyed gently with his knife ; '*also remember I muse be at. Dpad Man's Rocfe by half- past 11 to-r'ght.' j 'Fiend!' I continued, 'you can kill me if you Hke, but I will count your o'itaes rrhh my I3.it, breath. T-tks my liio as you took my friend Tooa Love day's life — Tom whom . jou knifed in the dark, mistaking him for me. Take it as you took Claire's, if ever man ? ' i 41 Claire— Claire dead !' He staggered back a step, and almost at the earn 3 moment I thought I caught a sound on ; other side of the partition at my back. I , listen* d for a moment, then concluding : that my ears had played me some trick, went, on again — 'Yes, dead— she killed herself to night at tbe theatre. Oh, God ! Dj you think I care for your knife now ? Why I was going to kill myself, to drovn my self, at the very moment when 1 heard yourvoite and came on board. I came to kill you. Make the most of it— show me no mercy, for as there is a God in Leaven I would have shown you none !' What was that sonnd again on the other side of the partition 1 Whatever it was, Colliv«r had not heard, for he was musing daiily and looking fixedly at me. '* No, I will show you no mercy,' he ans wt rt d q uietly , for I have sworn to show no mercy to jour race, and you are the hut of it. Bat listen, that; for a few moments before you die you may shake off your smug complacency and learn what this ; wealth ip, and what kind of brood you ? Trtnowetha are. Dog ! The treasure that lies by Dead Man's Rock ia treasure weighted with dead men's curses and stained with dead men's blood — wealth won by black piracy upon the high seaE — gold for which many a poor soul walked the plank and found his end in the deep waters. It is treasure sacked from many a gallant ship, stripped from many a rotting corpse by that black hound your grandfather, Amos Trenoweth. You guessed that? Let me tell you more. '* There is many a soul crying in heaven acd hell for vengeance on your race ', but your death to night, Jasper Trenoweth, shall be the peculiar joy of one. You guessed that your grandfather had crimes upon his soul ; but you did not guess the blackest crime on his account — the murder of his deareBt Mend. Listen. I will be brief with you, but I cannot spare myself the joy of letting yon know this much before you die. Know theu that when your grandfather was a ri*h man by this friend's aid — after, with this friend 'a help, he had laid hands on the secret of the great ruby for which for many a year he had thirsted — in the mo ment of his triumph he turned and slew that friend in order to keep the ruby to himself. ' Tiat fool, your father, kept a jour nal — -which no doubt you have read over and over again. Did he tell you how I ?caught him upon Adam's Peak, sitting with this clasp in his hands before a hideous, graven stone? That stone was cut in ghastly mockery of that friend's ; face ; the bones that lay beneath it were : the bones of that friend. There, on that ' very spot where I met your father face to face, did his father, Amos Trenoweth, strike down my father, Ralph Colliver. 'Ah, light is beginning to dawn on your silly brain at last ! Yes, pretending to protect the old priest who had the ruby, he stabbed my father with the very knife found in your father's heart — stabbed him before Ms wife's eyes on that little lawn upon the mountain-side — and when my helpless mother called vengeance upon him handed the still reeking knife to her and bade her do hex worst. Ah, but she kept that knife. Did you mark what was engraved upon the blade ? That knife had a good memory, Mr. Jasper Trenoweth. ' Let me go on. As if that deed were not foul eiiough, he caused the old priest to carve; — being skilful with the chisel — that vile distortion of his dead Mend's face out of a huge boulder lying by, andthen murdered him too for the ruby's sake and tumbled their bodies into the trough together. Such was AmoB Treno .iretfa. -Are y on proud.. o£ your -descent).? ; 'I never saw my father. I was not born until three months after this, and not until I was ten years old did my mother tell me of his fate. 'Your grandfather was a fool, Jaspsr Trencweth, to despise her, for she was young then and she could wait. She was beautiful then, and Amos Trenoweth him self had loved her. What is she now ? Speak, for. you have seen her.' As he spoke I seemed to see again that yellow face, those awful soulless eyes, and hear her laugh as she gazed down from the box upon my dying lovs. ' Ah, beauty goes. It went for ever on that flay when Amos Trenoweth spat in ler face and taunted her as she clung to the body of her husband. Beauty goes, but revenge can wait ; to-night it has come ; tonight a thousand dead men's ghoets shall be glad, and point at your body as it goes tossing out to sea. To night — bnt let me tell the rest in a word or two, for time presses. How I was brought up, how my mad mother — for she is mad on every point but one — trained me to the sea, how I left it at length and became an attorney's clerk — 'all this I need not dwell npon. But all this time the thought of revenge never left me for an hour ; and if it had my mother, would have recalled it. *'We!i, we settled in Plymouth and I was bound a clerk to your grandfather's attorney, still with the same purpose. There I learnt of Amos Trenoweth's affairs, but only to a certain extent, for of the wealth which he had so bloodily won I could discover nothing ; and yet I knew lie possessed riches which, make the heart faint even to think upon. Yet for all I conld discover his possessions were simply those of a struggling farmer, his business absolutely nothing. I was almost despe rate when oDe day a tall, gaunt, and aged man stepped into the office, asked for my employer, and gave the name of Amos Tzenoweth. Oh, how I longed to kill him as he stood there ! And how little did he ?guess that the clerk of whom, he took no more notice than of a stone would one day strike his descendants off the face of the earth and inherit the wealth for which ne had Eold his soul — the great ruby of ! Ceylon 1 'BSy voice trembled with hate as I announced him and showed him into the inner room. Then I closed the door and listened. He was uneasy about his will — the fool— and did not know that all his possessions would necessarily become his son's. In n-y heart I laughed at his igno rance ; bat I learnt enough — enough to wait patiently for years and finally to to track Ezekiel Trenweth to his death. ' it was about this time that I fell in love. In this as in everything through life I have been cursed with the foulest luck ; but in this as in everything else my patience has won in the end. Lucy Lut trell loved another man called Railton — John Railton. He was another fool — you are all fools — but she married him and had a daughter. I wonder if you can guess who that daughter was ?' Be broke off and looked at me with fiendish malice. ' You hound !' I cried, ' she was Janet Railton — Claire Luttrell ; and you mur dered her father as you say Amos Tre noweth murdered yours.' ' Right,' he answered coolly. ' Quite right. Oh, the arts by which I enticed that man to drink and then to crime ! Even now 1 could sit and laugh over them by tie hour. Why, man, there was not a touchrof guile in the fellow when I took him in handj-acd yet it was he that afterwards j took your father's life. He tried it once j in Bombay, and bungled it sadly ? he did : it reatly euough, though, on the jibboon ? t'f the Belle Fortune. I lent him the ; knife ; 1 would have done it myself, but i I 1; ail toil was nearer ; and besides ic is ! always beuer to be a witness.' j ] What tms that rustling sound behind j the partition ? Colliver did not hear it, \ I at any rate, but went on with his tale, '. j and though his eyes were dancing flames I of hats hie voice was calm now. as ever. \ i 'I had stolen half the clasp before- ; hand from the cabin floor where that afcu- i peLdous idiot, Eztkiel Trenoweth, had dropped It. Pai?fon ciughfc him bafore i ? be droj.'peu, bur. 1 aid uoukiiu* he Ji*d time to get the box away, for just then a huge wave broke over us, and before the next we both jumped for the rock. I thought that Railton mnst have been Bncktd back, for 1 only clang on myself by the luckiest chance. It was pifceh caikjacd im possible to see. 1 called his name, but he either could not hear for the roar or did not choose to answer, so after a bit I stopped. I thought him dead, and he no doubt thought me dead, until we met upon Dead Man's Rock. 'Shall I finish? Oh, yes, you shall tear the whole story. After the inquest 1 escaped back to Plymouth, told Lucy that her huBband had been drowned at Eta, and finally persuaded her to leave PI} moutl] and marry me. Sol triumphed there, too. Oh, yes, I have triumphed throughout.' 'Yon hound !' I cried. He laughed a low musical laugh, and went on a gain — ' Ah, yes, you are angry of course ; but I let that pass. I have one accoaut to settle with you Trenoweths, and that; is enough for me. Three times have I -had yon in my power, Mr. Jasper Tre noweth— three times or four — and let you escape. Once beneath Dead Man's Rock, when I had my fingers on your young weasand and was stopped by those cursed fishermen. Idiots that they were, they thought the sight of me had frightened you and made you faint. Faint 2 You would have been dead in another half minute. How I laughed in my sleeve while that uncle of yours was trying to make me understand — me — what was my name then ? — oh, ay, Giorgio Bhcdojani. However, you escaped that time ; and once more you hardly guessed how near you -were to death when I looked in at the window on the night after the request. Why, in my mind I was toEEisg up whether or not I should murder you and your white -faced mother. I should have done so, but thought yon might hold some knowledge of the secret after your meeting with Railton, so that it seemed better to bide my time.' ' If it be any satisfaction to you,' I in terrupted, 'to know that had you killed me then you would never have lain hands on that clasp yonder, your are welcome to it.' 'It is,' he answered. 'I am glad I did not kill you both ; it left your mother time to see her dead husband, and has given me' the pleasure of killing you now ; the treat improves with keeping. Well, let me go on. After that I was forced to leave the country for sometime ? ' ' For another piece of villainy, which your wife discovered.' ' How do you know that ? Oh, from Claire, 1 suppose^ — however, it does not matter. When I came back I fonnd you ; found yon, and struck again. Bat again my cursed luck stood ia my way -and that damned friend of yours knocked me senseless. Look at this mark on my cheek.' ' Look at the elasp and you will see where your blow was struck.' ' Ah, that was it, was it ?' he said, exa mining the clasp slowly. I suppose you thought it lucky at the time. So it was— for me. For, though I made another mis take in the fog that night I got quits with your friend at any rate. I have chafed often enough at these failures, but it has : all ccme right in the end. I ought to have killed your father upon Adam's Peak ; but he was a big man, while I had no pistol and conld not afford to risk a mistake. Everything, they say, comes to the man who can wait. Your father did not escape, neither will you ; and when I think of the joy it was to me to know that yon and Claire, of all people ? ' But I would hear no more: Mad as I was with shame and hom-r for my grand father's cruelty, I knew this man, not withstanding his talk of revenge, to be a. vile and treacherous scoundrel. So when he spoke of Claire I burst forth — ' Dog, this is enough. I have listened to your tale. But when you talk of Claire — Claire whom you killed to-night — then, dog, I spit upon you. Kill me, and I hope the treasure may curse you as it has cursed ine ; kill me ; use your knife, for I wUl shout ? ' With a dreadful snarl he was on me and emote me across the face. Then as I con tinned to call and shout, struck me one fearfol blow behind the ear. I remember that the dim lamp shot out a streak of blcod-red flame, the cabin was lib for one brief instant with a flash of fire, a thou sand lights darted out, and then — then came utter blackness — a vague sensation of being caught up and carried, of plung ing down — down .... Chapter XL and Last. Tells how at last I Found mv Revekge and the Great Ruby. ' Speak— speak to me ! Oh, look up and tell me you are not dead !' ~ Down through the misty defiles and dark gates of the Valley of the Shadow of Death came theBe words faintly, as though spoken far away. So distant did they seem that my eyes opened with vague ex pectation of another world ,- opened and then wearily closed again. For at first they stared Into a heaven of dull grey, with but a shadow between them and colorless space. Then they opened once more, and the shadow caught their attention. What was it ? Who was I, and how came I to be , staring upwards so ? I let the problem be and fell back into the easeful lap of unconsciousness. Then the voice spoke again. ' He is living yet,' it said. 'Oh, if he would but sj.eak !' This time I saw more distiactly. Two eyes were looking into mine^ — a woman's ey es. Where had I seen that face before ? SnreJy I had known it once, in some other world* Then somehow over my weary mind etole the knowledge that this was Mrs. Luttrell — or was it Claire ? No, Claire was dead. ' Claire — dead,' I seemed to repeat to myself ; but how dead or where I could not recall. ' Claire — dead ;' then this must be her mother, and I, Jasper Trenoweth, was lying here with Claire's mother bending over me. How came we so ? What had happened, that— and once more the shadow of ob livion Bwept down and enfolded me. ? She was still there, kneeling beside me, chafing my hands and every now and then speaking words of tender solicitude. How white her hair was. It used not to be so white as this. And where was- I lying 1 In a boat ? How my head was aching ! Then remembrance came back. Strange to tell, it began with Claire's death in the theatre, and thence led downwards in broken and interrupted train until Col liver's face suddenly started up before me and I knew all. I raised myself on my elbow. My brain was throbbing intolerably, and every pul sation seemed to shoot fire into my temples. Also, other bands of fire were clasped about my arnui and wrists. So acutely did they burn that I fell back with a low moan and looked helplessly at Mrs. Luttrell. Although it had been snowing her bonnet was thrust back from her face and hung by its ribbons, which were tied be neath her chin. The breeze was playing with her disordered hair — hair now white as the snowflakes upon it, though grey when last I had seen it— but it brought no color to her face. As she bent over me to place her shawl beneath my head,- 1 saw that her blue eyes were strangely bright and prominent. ' Thank God, you are alive. Does the bar dage pain you ? Can you move ?' 1 feebly put my hand up and felt a hand kerchief bound round my head. 'I was afraid — ob, so afraid — that I tad been too late. Yet God only knows how 1 got down into your boat — in time — and without his seeing me. I knew what: lie would do — I was listening behind the partition all the time ; but I was afraid he would kill you first' ' Then — 50a beard ?' ' 1 h- ard all. Oh, if I were only a man — bnt can you stand ? Are you better ? iiuw i For we must lose no time.' I weekly scared at her in answer. ?' Don't you see 1 If you ca.a stand and walk, as I pray yon can, there is no titna to be lost. Morning is already break icg, acd by this evening you must catch him ' 'Catch him?' ' Yes, yes. He has gone — gone to catch the first train for Cornwall, and will ba at Dead Man's Rock to-night. Quick ! see if you cannot rue.' I sat up. The water had dripped from me, forming a great pool at our end of the boat. In it she was kneeling, and beside her lay a heavy knife and tad cords with which Simon Colliver had bound me. ' Yee,' I said, ' I will follow. When does the first train leave Paddiugton ?' ' At a quarter past 9,' she answered, 'and it is now about half past 5. You have time to catch it ; but must disguise yourself first. He will travel by it ; there is no train before. Come, let me row you ashore.' With this she untied the painter, got out the sculls, sat down upon the thwart opposite, and began to pall desperately for shore. I wondered at her strength and skill with the oar. ' Ah,' she said, ' I see at what you are wondering. Remember that I was a sailor's wife once, and without strength how ahould I have dragged you on board this boat V ' ' How did you manage it ?' 'I cannot tell. I only know that I heard a splash as I waited under the bows there, and then began with my hands to fend the boat around the schooner for dear life. I had to be very silent. At first I could see nothing, for it was dark towards the shore ; but I cried to heaven to spare you for vengeance on that man, and then I saw something black lying across the warp, and knew it was you. I gave a strong push, then rushed to the bows and caught yon by the hair. I got you round by the stern as gently as I could, and then pulled you on board somehow — I cannot remember exactly how I did it.' ' Did he see you ?' 'No, for he must have gone below directly. I rowed under the shadow of the lighter to which we were tied jast now, and as I did so, thought I heard him calling me by name. He must have for gotten me, and then suddenly remembered that as yet I had not given him the money. However, presently 1 heard him getting Into his boat and rowing ashore. He came quite close to us — so close that I could hear him cursing, and crouched down in the shadow for fear of. my life. Bat he passed on, and got out at the steps yonder. It was snowing at the time and that helped me.' She pulled a Btroke or two in silence, andthen continued — ^' When you were in lie cabin together I was listening. At am point I think I must have fainted ; bat it cannot have been for long, for when I came to myself yon were Btill talking about — about John Bailton.' I remembered the sound which I had heard, and almost in spite of myself asked, 'Yon heard about ? ' 'Claire? YeB ; I heard.' She nodded simply ; bnt her eyes sought mine, and in them was a gleam £hat made me Btart. Just then the boat touched at a moul- ? dering flight of stairs, crusted with green ooze to high water- jnark, and covered now with snow. She made fast the boat. ' This was the way he went,' ahe muttered. 'Track him — track him to: his death ; spare him no single pang to make that death miserable !' Her low , voice positively trembled with concen trated hate. 'Stay,' she said, 'hare you money ?' ; I suddenly remembered that I had given ! all the money on me to Bagnell for getting out my boat, and told her bo. At the same moment, too, I thought npon the tin box still lying under the boat's stern. I . stepped aft and pulled it out. 'Here is money,' she said; 'money that I was to have given . hiin. Fifty pounds it is, in notes — take it all.' 'But you?' I hesitated. ' Never mind me ' Take It— take it all. What do I want with money if only yon kill him?' 1 bent and kissed her hand. ** As heaven is my witness,' I eaid, 'it shall be his life or mine. The soul of one of ub shall never see to-morrow.' Her hand was as cold as ice, and her - pale face never changed. ' . ' Kill him !' she said simply. I turned and climbed the steps. By this time day had broken, and the east was streaked with angry flashes of . crimson. The wind swept through my dripping . clothes and froze my aching limbs to the marrow. Up-the river cams floating a heavy pall of fog, ont of which the masts showed like grisly skeletons. The snowstorm had not quite ceased, and a stray flake or two came brushing across my face. So dawned my Christinas Eve 1 As 1 gained the top, I turned to look down. She was still standing there, watch- ; ing me. Seeing me look, she waved her arms, and I heard her hoarse whisper, ' Kill him! Kill him! Kill him !' I left her standing so, and turned away ; but in the many ghosts that haunt my : solitary days, not the least vivid Is the . phantom of this white haired woman on t the black and silent river, eternally ! beckoning, ' Kill him !' ; 1 found myself in a yard strewn with timber, spars and refase, half hidden beneath the snow. From it a flight of , rickety stone steps led to a rotting door, ; and thence into the street. Here I stood for a moment, pondering on my next) I step. Not a soul was abroad so early ; but I must quickly get a change of clothes somewhere ; at present I stood in my torn dress trousers and soaked shirt- I passed up the street, my shoeless feet making the first prints in the newly-fallen snow. The first ? No ; for when I looked more closely I saw other footprints, al ready half obliterated, leading up the street. These must be Simon Colliver's. I followed them for about a hundred yards past the shuttered windows. Suddenly they turned into a shop door, and .then seemed to leave it again. The shop was closed, and above it hung three brass balls, each covered now with a snowy cap. Above the blinds were drawn down, but on looking again I saw a chink of light between the shutters. I knocked. After a short pause the door was opened. A red-eyed villainous face peered out, acd seeing me grew blank with wonder. ' What do you want ?' enquired at length the voice belonging to it. ' To buy a fresh suit of clothes.** See, I have fallen into the river.' Muttering something beneath his breath, the pawnbroker opened his door, and let me into the shop. It was a dingy nest, fitted up with the usual furniture of such a placed The one dim candle threw a ghostly light on chairs, clocks, compasses, trinkets, saucepans, watches, piles of china, and suits of. lef t- off clotheB arrayed hike rows of suicides along the wall. A general air of decay hung over the denl Immediately opposite me, as I entered, a stuffed parrot, dropping slowly into dust, glared at me with one malevolent eye of glass, while a hideous Chinese idol, behind the counter, poked out his topgae in a very frenzy of malignity. Bat my eye wandered past these, and was fixed in a moment upon something that glittered upon the counter. That something was my own watch. Following my gaze, the man gave me a quick, suspicious glance, hastily caught up the watch, and was bestowing it on one of his shelves, when I said — ' Where did you get that?' ?'Quite innocently, sir, I swear. I bought it of a gentleman who came ia just now, -and would not -pawn it. I thought it was. his, so that if you belong to the Force, 1 hope- ? ' ' Gewtly, my friend,' said I; ' I am not in the police, -eo you need not be la such a fright. Nevertheless, that watch is mine ; I can tell you the nuaibar if you don't believe ib' He pushed the watch across to me and said, still greatly frightened — ' I am sure you may see it, sir, with ^ all my heart. I wouldn't for worlds ? ' ^ ' What did you give for it ?' He hesitated a moment, and then, as greed overmastered fear, replied— 44 Fifteen pounds, sir ; and th9 man -would not take a penny less. Fifteen good pounds! 1 swear it, as I a-.n alive !' ^ Although I saw that the man lied, I drew out three five pound notes, laid them on the table, and took my watch. This done, 1 said— ' Now I want you to sell me a suit of clotheB and aid me to disguise myself. Otherwise ? ' 'Don't talk, sir, about 'otherwise.' I am sure I shall be only too glad to rig you out to catch the thief. Yoa can take your pick of the suits here ; they are mostly seamen's to be sure; but you'll find others as well. While as for dis guises, I flatter myself that for getting up a face ? ' Here he Btopped suddenly. ' ' How long has he been gone ?' ' About half an hour, sir, before yoa came. But no doubt you know where he'd be. likely to go ; and I won't be more than twenty minutes setting you com pletely to rights.' ^,. (To le continued. J 