ESSAYS, SKETCHES, g'o. [UsnOorm tu t lordlng we propose oocnoionally insertleg oontrl 00u(|ll0 froar plersoon trot on tho slifR of (rIl paper. '".'iey mtoot Ovoid dlnotodlg ]oonl or prrooreoo Inatottorn, rlod detl ololy wrllli * general quasltons. The essayt hhoold be sent oliy througho tie lost. Thoy will beoomo our properiy, nod will obe rmobjoot to Orsiouo or rejootlon.] SHAKESPEARE'S HAMLET. SWnr.Nu giving an inotruction on biblical inspiration 3 to some) fairly woll.eduoateol ndl intelligoent boys thle 0other daly I a~bked thleor this questio : Hlow world I you ditiunguisrh.botweeo n theo inspiration of Paul and that of Shakespearo? Ore replied: Shakoopearo wrolo fOcliono, IPaul wroto factls. Another snid : aoul tenacros morality and roliion, SIhncspearo doon not. These replien correotly represeront one alienot truth, viz., that the Bible does, both in inteontrioo and fct, teach mnorality and religion. But, at tilhe name time, they disclose a mistakren view and oro far too pro. vrlent; viz., that Shntkeponaro' characters were evolved out of hi own crontive imntgirnation;r it other words that theoy are more flictions doevoid of on actuarl historical bania. Such nu idea matny oorve to olovatle our oestirnmate of tihe poet's gorniu, but it rmurt nseuredly lessoen if not annihilate the forco and in fluenco of hIis delivorunceso; for men live on facts, not on fictions. It in far from my wish to lower by a single inlch thIe lofty podestal on whioh his admirero have placedl their William, but, nas in my twro previtous popera, no in this on IHamlet, I must bo allowed to hrow that hris unique renoownt is not dueo to hlis cr'oation of thie dramatis personm, but to his incomparable method of treating tohem. He did not invent the manterials, but tillcfed themm. Thie characters wero ready to his hand; what the had to do was to cnrve out of tllem, ae ort of n block of nmarble, otatuoe, with houman form and vinpgo, oact andl voice, for the admiration and eduolation of man to the end of time. Am I wrong in thinkinglC thtot tlhos Shakslln pearian statuoes weill noever dlin?--that tlheir irmago andol likte nt!ota have oeen so tanmped urpon men's nodrying ooanl by "tlhoought that breathelo nd worda thet1 burn " tohat they mtrt and osholl live for over ? I thinrk ntrot. But to our first point-the eoorces of his characters. They may bt fooud in tin Arciont IlIietory of Denmark wCritten by Soxon, tIr gram maeria, whilch Belloforeot trornlormud into hiistorical tragedies. Thlseo were soon trannlated and ecaomo popoular in Engiuland in thie 10th etntury; and seven yearn before nShakespearo, Thomas KIyd wrote a tragedy onlled Itamnlot vtwhich was noted in' a London theotre. IHere Sharkesopenre foound Horewondille, thelo noble king who was sa' viloly sloin by his trenoberoune brother Fongon: Fongon, the ignobln, who first wronged his brother's wife and afterwards mado hetr bis qtueen. HIero he found Hamlet, Ophelin, Polonius, Iptoncrants, and Guildenstern, Those w:re thle quarries wheelooo h dug. But who but Shaketspeare onuld haove made of Saxon's dry ard prooy ohoaraotors suchl interating porsonrrngue f01 tltnoen it in oevident to the most, superflicin reader that HIamlot was tlhe oltarnaoteor lwhioh moet powerfully otrooki tire mind and soized upon Oth linmitllos imagination of tile poet. Fronm axon'o hintory it would appear tlrt HaImlot had boon trughrt not only the art of writing but also the mysteries of thelo blak art--othe art of hIoldiug coonvorso with thIe evil opirit. A hint at this is given in thIose wordts: "Tlroughl tihe violoneot of Irie molanhololy the evil spirit nntmade him divine wltr no man itrld over rovealed to him." Hero was a neduotivo subject for snuchl a mind na that of our poet. oSuch a charactor no Hamlet's, Shaltespoaro, who was o teen and enrions arn oexplorer of tihe inward troubloes antd secorot movements of tbe hIuman soul and of homan htrstiny, could not but eann and coan again. Hamlet, as we haove him in his tragedy, in a prorf at one of the facinaotion of the charactor, of theo powerful grip of the poet's mintd, of the airy vweird ness of bhi fanoy, and of the maoterly tonrh of Itis vocal pencil. As tIamlet sayo of his father, ao may we say of Hamlot as drawn by Bhalkspouro, \- Take himo for all in all, I shall not look Ulou ol oH likO o ohot. But what is it in the poet's Hamleto that moves ts so powerfully, that arouses our wonder and rivots our attention from his ountranoe on t sttoage to Iis tragiot death ? Is it the pitiablontss of hisl position ? Are we saddoned at tie sight of a handsome, noble, gilled,. popular young man's dlstreos--a diotreas by nor means of his own creation ? Or are we atuateo d by more cnriosity to soo the ond of anooh a onso no tli ? Or in it the natural desire (oecited by the moystorious rtlo assigned for him to play by thbo poot) to krowo wheother he is really or only apparently mad-mad by design-fou par calcuto-to a Frenloh oritio hns uoggoted ? Many and variouns ansroer hove beeon given to this Inst question. I orave permission to offer a solution of ltho problem which, as far no I am aware, I have not met with olnowhere. Thoro is ra mandnoos of spirit and thlqro is a madness of mind; a moral inosanity and an intellectual insanity. Ophlolia, after her rojection by hIr loverr and the deathll of lher fatlhor, is an illustration of tim laIttor; IInerlot of the former. The tomoent hler brothler Laortes beholds Ophelia hr orion out in bitter lagony O toot, dry op my oaonl ; trne, ooern tihnoo sult, utn out the e to lno and vtrloo ol mso oyo l Theo mind unhingod, tie intolleotual boat drifting with no one at the helm, io bofore him, and he groano to high heaveo, "Do you seo this, O God 1" We nnither expeot nor most with anything lirke this in the easne of Hamlet. In hin lharnaotor tbo poat unfolds a grave moral problem, and draws a soul-pleturo which under given conditions of morals and of sooioty may develop into somethling very like intolloctual dernugement. Hamlet's madnoesson is tlat of a possimistio view of lifo, whiolh nt the sight of a world full of evil, of unrightooos toffering and pros poroneo crime, of burdoneood innoconce and (apparently) painless wiolkednons, nskrs with a voien hoarse vitlh aundnes, "Ia life worth living?t" The poet has not left no without an nntidoto to this moral inaanity. The prilrked, unuonsy coon soionce of thie kinug, the over-pronout speotro of hie oevil deods, his stinging quostion IMay ono bo pardoneod aood oetaIR the3 offoonen 2 thie quoon's sotse of guilt nod misery, the doneath of theo unsurper by Hamlot's poisoned dngger, all cry aloud Shall not the Joudo o all the oearth do right ? There ie confusion in the world, bit it is due to man's nolfiohneon and greed of wealth nod power. Tihe junt do often suffer, but not in vain; tite unjnt do ofteon prosper, but not in soul. In thoi hearrt's inner chamber is "thu worm i' the bud," over nUdermining the 0111soul's peaco. The goovern ment of the world is moral, splite of all appoearances to thie eoontrary. longone can never bo roeally bloseod even hero--what of the groat hereaflter ? I kuow not whethebor your rneadorn will agroo wits my vieows, but suOch as theloy are I offer thoemn for their consideration; and should they hlave beon antioi pated, I eloulod be thankful to learn by whcaeoe. To theo quaotion wherother Hamlet be Bhakusponro's finoost drnmn I shouonld bn inolined to sty, no: I thinkl Macbeth is superior toit; and, all things considorod, porhaps Otlrollo. But it contaits thoughts anod word-pioturaoe, winged fanoios, and noul andnt mind ananlyaen, hbo equal of whlh no other writoroano bonst of, and the likto of which not oven trhe poet' hIim self hasne blesoed ls with oleowhero. Ao to dramatlie uffect, tho manner in which he hIas suenodod in malting his roandors or horors consoious of tho eover present speootro of Deaonth is of itself proof enough. In all thae various soons owe teol its proaeneoo. We nro not loft without that algn of the true dramatist here; I moan, unity in variety. No matter who apponrs on the lstago, no matter whatm the notor's words or doeds may bo, tho bhadow of dueathr is thoro \--conntant, dominant. Personifieod in the king's ghost, pnrtorming its hidonau dance in tihe soono of the gravoydiggers, felt in thie thoughts and words of all thie notors, in the affotions of thon whlo loved and in thIe remors of thoneo who no vilely wronged the murdered Jing, Death reigns throughout the play, and at the drop of the ourtoin in theb last not, Danth ia left mostor of thim ecno I And Ivonture to any that no eoarmpetont student over road or naw tlo play noteod without partnaking to some extont of Hamlot'n ooul;endneons, witlhout a touch of that moral insnity caused by tie anomalies of a world which, in hloe inmont soul, ho yet knows and feeil it tnder the dominion of a rightelous and moral Governor. I said abovo that Bhalrospoaro provides an antidote for the ore of this moral disoeaso; this, however, in only partially ofncative. Tlhe perfeot remedy can be had only Ifrom Him in whoso plhilosophy nothing oithelor in honavet or earthl was nndroamt of or un. lnown; from Him whoon advent we are at this very tilnu celobrationg; from Him of lbo season of whoeo birth (Obristm.) bhnhkesoponr o so boautifully sinuge in Act I, do. i: somo roy tlt.t everw'tltnt Lthat n?saon moomo 'Wlloreleohr BVnloUr'A blrlth In elanolbrtodt, Ihbi irotd ol dswningc ottotRObh sil tIht lont o \- Atm thon, tb.oy sn), no splrit dore o.tir abronal; ho nlghlrts asholoson Ito o noola astrlko, lNo fatry abIsto, tssrto o ltt pownor to oIltIm I Bo hllowwn ansrno socaloas In hes time. ~D. rx. PL/£a?. 