*' WITNESSES FOE CHEIST.' (Sermon Preached at the Christmas Ordination, 1887, bit D. M. Berry, M.A.) Having therefore obtained the help that is from God, I stand unto this day, testifying both to small and great, saying nothing but what the prophets and Moses did say should come. — Acts xxyi. 22. Ir it were possible to describe in one word the life-work of a Christian man as far as it regards the world, that word would be the word which is used by the Apostle Paul in our text to describe his own life-work — the word ' testifying,' or ' witnessing.' It is a part of God's plan in giving a revelation of Himself to mankind that that revelation should be communicated and propagated by means of human agents. God's \- revelation of Himself is embodied and incarnated in the Man Christ Jesus, who is therefore Himself the first and original witness. ' To this end was I born,' He says of Himself, ' and for this cause came I j into the world, that I should bear witness to the truth' (Johnxviii. '37). And all who have ever been Christ's followers and disciples have been, each in his own measure, Christ's witnesses in the world. And if this is the life-work of every Christian, more especially is it the life-work of every Christian minister. St. Paul, in describing a ministry of more than twenty years, sums it all up in these words of our text : ' I stand unto this day witnessing.' I have now the privilege of addressing those who are consecrating themselves to the work of the Christian ministry, and I therefore invite you, my brethren, to attend to the words of the apostle regard ing his own work, and to consider how they apply to that work for which you are now about to be ordained. Observe, first, how St. Paul accounts for the continuance and success of his ministry amid all the difficulties, the opposition, and the dangers which had assailed it for more' than twenty years : 'Having therefore obtained the help that is from God, I stand unto this day witnessing.' Now, it will seem the merest commonplace to tell you that, if you are to be firm and unshaken witnesses for Christ, you too must obtain the help that is from God. Already you have sought and obtained that help. Already you trust that you are inwardly moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon you this office and ministration. This congregation are assembled for the express purpose of joining their prayers with yours that you may obtain that help. You purpose to seek the same help daily in the use of all the private and public means of grace. You are fully convinced that your help standeth only in the name of the Lord, who made heaven and earth. And yet, brethren, it is not superfluous to warn you that you may, to a greater or less extent, forfeit the help that is from God by losing sight of the conditions on which alone His help can be given._ There is such a thing as a false help that is not from God, and which consists in making some compromise with the manifold forces that are opposed to the witness of Christ in the world. If you would form a just estimate of those forces, you have but to consider how much there is in your own nature that is opposed to the truth which yet you have been brought to believe and love. All that is selfish, all that is impure in you is dead against that truth. Think of the world as consisting mainly of men constituted like your self, and you will not be far wrong. You need not think of your fellow-creatures as worse than yourself, but it would not be wise or safe to think of them as being much better. You know that smooth things and attractive things are not always the best for you to hear about yourself ; that the faithful wounds of a friend are often neces sary for you. As it is with you so it is with other men ; and therefore the best 'preparation for conflict with the. evil of the world is to be in conflict with the miniature evil world of your own heart. Thrust the sword of the Spirit resolutely through your own secret faults, and you will learn how to use it against the strongholds of sin. The life of St. Paul supplies us with a noble example of consistently refusing the help that comes from compromise. How much easier he might have made his path, and how much greater his apparent success, if he would have yielded to the prejudices of unenlightened men. If, for example, he would have conceded to the Jews that a Jewish Christian, with his circumcision, his rules about food and drink, and his various ceremonial observances, was a more complete kind of Christian than the Gentile Christian who had nothing but his connection as a sinner with Christ as his Saviour — if St. Paul would have admitted this, how many thousands of Jews would he have con ciliated towards Christianity ; or if he would have consented to make the Christian religion a mere improved system of moral philosophy, arid to treat such a doctrine as the literal resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead as not an essential article of the faith, he might haye gathered a large and highly intellectual congregation of quasiClaxiB tians at Athens, instead of being dismissed with ridicule from among them. But St. Paul knew nothing of compromise ; his duty was very simple. It consisted essentially of witnessing to the reality of certain events of which he himself waB personally cognisant, and to the significance of those events, as shown by the light of an Old Testament revelation. And this leadsooieto touch briefly on the subject matter of the apostle's testimony, and of yours. Without going into details, it is enough to remind you what is the great purpose of that testimony? It is to bring everyhuman soul face to face with a living Saviour and a coming Judge. Whereas by nature men live with their backs turned to God, or at least with their eyes more or less averted from Him, the purpose of your testimony is to bring men face to face with God as manifested in Christ, and to lead them to walk in the light of His countenance. It is, as St. Paul expresses it in this very chapter; ' to turn them from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan unto God.' But here we must not fail to notice a very important difference between the apostle's way of proclaiming the Gospel and your way of proclaiming the same Gospel. It is obvious that,, considered as witnesses for Christ in the world, the apostles and the contemporary disciples of Christ occupied a very distinct position, higher than the position of any that have come after them. They alone were eye witnesses of those great events which accompanied the first coming of Christ; they were the eye-witnesses of the foundation facts on which the Christian Church is built, and in particular of that great resurrec tion of Jesus Christ from the dead, which is the very foundation-stone or unnstianity. xney coma say, nice »t. .ram, 'nave not l seen Jesus our Lord?' or, like St. John, ' That which we have seen and heard declare we unto you.' You, on the other hand, cannot speat with the authority of eye- witnesses; you belong to that much larger class of believers to whom Christ alludes where He says, ' Neither pray I for these alone, but for all who shall believe on Me through their word' (John xvii. 20). Strictly speaking, it is the apostles, and not you, that even now are the witnesses for Christ in the world. Your office is to take up their testimony and repeat it. When you preach, they must be the preachers, and not you. You are authorised to be the mouthpiece of their testimony. You must expound it ; you must translate it, so to speak, into the language of modern life and thought, but you are not authorised to add anything to it,, or. to take anything from it. It is only by faithfully fulfilling this con dition that you can hold an impregnable position against the opponents of the faith. You can say to those who contradict your testimony, ' My religion is not mine ; it is not even merely the religion of a Church ; it is the religion of St. Paul, St. Peter, St. John ; the religion of the witnesses of Christ. Do not argue with me.' Here is their testimony, take it and argue the matter out with them. Here is the very witness concerning Christ which His apostles gave in the first century. It has been opposed by every species of unbelief, from ancient Judaism down to modern Agnosticism, but it has never been refuted, and never silenced. The words of Christ are now more manifestly true than ever, ' Ye shall be My witnesses. . . . unto the uttermost part of the earth' (Acts i. 8).' Next, observe that the apostle testified equally ' both to small and classes. No man ever showed more earnest determination to adapt himself to his hearers. In witnessing to fanatical Jewsand philoso phical Greeks and supercilious Bomans, St. Paul always finds some common meeting-ground from which he can start with his hearers. He invariably begins with some joint which they can understand and appreciate equally with himself. But he will not let any escape without a personal application of the subject. In the speech from which our text is taken he is addressing a king ; but he does not ask this royal personage to patronise Christianity, or to take him, a Christian teacher, under his powerful protection. He lets him know very plainly that he wants nothing less than to bring him to Christ. ' I would to God that not only thou, but also all that hear me this day, might become such as I am, except these bonds' (verse 29). You will find, brethren, in the course of your ministry many men kindly disposed towards yourselves, and good-naturedly willing to encourage you, and to support your Church, like buttresses, from the outside. Let them know, respectfully, courteously, and with brotherly love, that what you want from them is not donations and local influence and patronage, but ' repentance towards God, and faith toward our Lord Jesus Christ.' Observe, again, how carefully the apostle defends himself against the imputation of bringing in any novelties of doctrine, ' saying nothing but what the prophets and Moses did say should come.' Here we have the apostle of the Gentiles, the daring genius as some would make him, who originated Hellenic as distinguished from Judaic Christianity, declaring that there was nothing in his teaching which was not anticipated in the writings of Moses and the prophets. I have already insisted that bur work as Christ's witnesses is to transmit only the testimony that we have received from Christ's apostles, and now we find St. Paul declaring that this testimony is the very same as the testimony of all the prophets from Moses downwards. The message with which you are entrusted has been in the world for at least thirty centuries. We could not have more emphatic apostolic testimony than our text : contains to the inspired prophetic character of the Old Testament. St. Paul had never had the advantage of hearing those, modern critics who have told us that the prophets never did foretell the advent of Christ, or the still more recent information that the Mosaic author Ship of the Pentateuch must be given up. What we are to receive in exchange for it these critics do not so clearly tell us. If I remember rightly, they have about ten distinct theories, so mutually conflicting . that if any one of them be true the- other nine must be false, and meanwhile the sculptured ruins of Egypt and Assyria are uttering with ever-increasing clearness a silent but impressive protest against , them all. Now, it is one of the most fashionable forms of compromise in the present day to ventilate novelties, such as these from the pulpit without committing ourselves to pronouncing for or against; theni. , If you are tempted to do this, remember that you cannot- produce apoBtolic authority for what you are saying. You are not teaching a0 the apostles taught, and, in. God's name, what right have you to teach anything else? The pulpit is the place for saying 'none other things' than those which Moses and the prophets and the apostles have by divine authority delivered to us. It is God's message to mankind. It is not your message, though it is entrusted to you. For the most essential parts of that message it is not enough for you to produce even the authority of the Church. Eemember the seven times/ repeated admonition of the faithful and true witness: 'He that hath an ear let him hear' (not merely the voice of the Church, but) 'what the Spirit saith unto the Churches' (Eev. ii. 3). And lastly, brethren, let us remember that public preaching and public ministrations are after all only a part — though a most important part — of the work of witnessing to which you are called. The most difficult and the most effective witness, after all, is the witness of a consecrated life. When you have taken off the surplice and left the assembly, you will still be preaching, and your congregation and parishioners will mark that . preaching. And woe unto you if it contradicts the truth which you have been publicly proclaiming. But ' without absolutely contradicting, you may seriously impair the force of your testimony by inconsistencies of personal character and life. Sooner or later men will come to estimate the force of your preaching by what they observe of your practical example. The longer you live the more will you experience the necessity of having the truth, not onlyon your lips and in your understanding, but in your inward parts. ' Let your loins be girt about with the truth.' If you call on men to believe in Christ as their Saviour, let them see that He is your Saviour, saving you from your sins. And He is your Saviour. By virtue of your, connection with Him you have the forgiveness of sins ; as a member of Christ you are a member of the family of God. Hpw unworldly, unselfish, humble, forgiving, patient, charitable, this faith ought to make us ! If it does not — if our temper and conduct are not penetrated by the spirit of this faith — how can we be witnesses for Christ in the world? If He is the future Judge of the world, He is your Judge now. Submit your ministry and your life continually to His scrutiny. Eemember that not the most popular, not the most apparently successful, of Christian ministers are always the truest and the best. These things may be evidence of the help that comes from God, but. they may, on the other hand, be evidence of the false help that comes from compromise. Study to show yourselves approved unto God. So shall you, both by your life and doctrine, set forth His true and lively word, and rightly and duly administer His holy sacraments. So shall you turn men from darkness to light, and from the, power of Satan unto- God, that they may receive remission of sins, and inheritance among them that are sanctified by. faith in Christ Jesus. ' 