AN .; N ?=L. PE m &~d flam, a~idenly broke from s J smealdering logl.; Bal~eslii aiows, With Bern. b-randt effent* pieroed the enrorbshing gloom, wor inter gloamingt aud softly kisseand greythat. A streth , "of eastern' country open and wooded,' highd lied low, ,hlevel end broken, beautiful in summer,' but just now deeply hidden beforn her a antl aetitude of now, and aboe -siena grace . .. .. ' .' . H "er. areca exteands& high to the warm| it heranging a dome snow-laden.s of soft wite oeh embledA faint western lywind stirring the arven image of a ,devoat, rapt young saint; out from CLrar orchard'sble, or the minidesolature ofheart, and fillingrospt its aisles with uncPrianny whipone.r. ro wan invisible somewng up there gaunt pussed just outside the ,vidow an iuetans sith baed brtealgth forthei andlowly resumed.hhing out athey withold, bar arms to darkly embraclike a sigh of rs ithin gl.oldfashined homestead mansion. ; I wish it was over,' beb murmored, r'Evei unwindingher s'and ganl ngers cloe together inas they approashed, thrseint spectralhe shadenly silently stalked into a quaint, luw.oetied. "apartment hefpre', whose, 'open chasm' of a fireplace sloud a young girl. inShe ws In, apparat ui salmost a childur *or I ash I had never. some, or that I was ieams' or youthful tamarack, and gracefu,I wish- wit-bah a' weet, of cond frtemptsh, daoopintily ter' buweet hardly up to te lasaoal ideal orner *What se, to wish ? Oh. thio gnawing ofin at my heart I tos burning dry'tempts nglyf daringly lovable, yet wondrous sade, wiprete.hal, I -,use go home, else l habdl go mad ; but to inAy, to presenit repoI WhaS of it " oRod flameshe only have foresenthe fromevents a he darkglsg of thtiarltrrws, wl the have. oasted on the morrow shus? " •The bonging of a distant door, then the bresand effect, pierced thone encapproachlng gloom. forcing' itst her heart std still wised that vagirlish fnesefnsablthe rhopeaaj, veild, eyes, arning fear, two little PsIdly Paul Gr dwn anleigh herly cousin, her king amnong men, yet who in al pew hours would ber n an attitude of another womran I samoas grace. Ah, no, she had seended him ide toway in the warm throatl and, loosely m oi. ined at the watst by n atletin hb med to hostbb, nfell stral home to wellher would noft ben folds of soft wt ehere.ach .sesr...' Like th thang csauht in gult, oae glaoedr under the spellarou fo n avenue of deep thout, she I embled strangelyonded an thage corridorf a outlide, devout, rapm yet younlight saint cut presently theCrao door was fiung ajor, ndmitting a tall youngt marble, aord withe miniatu frosre of an infropcm thev outer world. SBeAphrodite in Pari our steeds prne at t door. No woder to the wedding,' the rie randilo paused just outside the ldow a in lthat with bated breath then 'slowly resumed-hie sole, siln ocoaopent Sway withk, something veforward, you look like u reIt wszh it was ovtrated after the Gmurmureek.d I Wheresi on ear 'small fiman'gers ualse together in on 'agony oi self-restraint ;' theyta uddeoly woman's artistic dress-love--'did you find fihat bgg eshapart withapa onate gstur Sizh shot him a g1sanc of overwhelmingi " relf wish I had nevering ;teeds are worthat Sir w Igndead, orance. thatCom, tht'Ga good boywi --s Bat- bahk!' a smails of, contempt drooping. her, sweet lauippeding. mouth at the cwrape from yonder sofs, Sand-" ' 'Oh, so husery,' fwisinh? Oh, thimself gnawinto g chain at my heart I This goveburninorg your rynespees of Ayle, the lonoky ht Whal of tyour humbe rvntCould shesill weg only have foeseathe ggravat in he darkae I heard of thim nlght, would shtole pa ivei room. As it is nearly, six boar to mid--, By Jove old msa l' hiseayes suddenly lihtin counted o n mrrowthuse doorway. Ejcted, ehb? What's up !' His br~ther siowly entered. * I forgot my purse, sad--well, you know Thone angng of a disto do Europe othen hie sound of someone approac-ang. An wedding stant hirh empty pstooked still with a vaguelow, mirthle laubl, hope, a wild, yearoom in some phoe. Wiar. you fetch it while warm Coulp. it be Paul Paul Granleigh her cousin, her kseeing it' your nigtof doom. yet who in 'a but'--wish a heart free laugh--'you're pollh, g few hours would be the husband for an prother speetive groom. Cheer up. ][ife ie short sad fall of chingese. Ms belle? will be in a dewce of alcimpor if you dun't cltivate a happner look for the ilar.' . A, When the had seen him ried upon him Pathe early gloaming. When he returned to h i whits ancestral home-si. ' 'Let; me look as you.' he exelaimed i devouriow her with bhi dark eyes ' Heroe_ well, shhere woue hldve been eo sppy together, letbe e Like a thing caught tio-n guilt, ishe glancedes fr bot it God never hdlme iseeour, tempt Thurriedlling around fohi lin aternately she a soods before hint waisiees and motionless a step-Rick's- pasounded In the corridor SYou do e. e, h onine mehaially. ' I never dreast.-you did swtill to nigth. I A firm yet light step, and presently Seb "ou f•e O, rc, "rc " fony we ha door was lung ajar, admitting a tallyou -n man, and with him a frosty breionately.h from the outer world.tort ad ntiltme o' SForg 7 e 'I-I am mad, I think, Good-bya.,,e ,.. B haaed, our steedily to leaves prne at the room. He pa'sd, a eoming bahk stooried beforeandilo quently, Toer. His fhis pleasant eyesi, but somehowat agge, silent of fee rccupant:int. He was a strong man wi ng forward, 'you look like ad great wax do Iroas will to eond afterol the Geekm. * Will you singitOr ma that ~ong you stau when re you earth'-a man'sl usi' scoff atked s I haves apreentiilent that it, will be' the Iwoman's artisthll evedr hlove-' did you fld I ° 'ry sob rose in her throat;. Beatrix| thatEvelyn wbkiayish alffaih in apper?'only hokin downt him a glance of overwhelmd tog thern, o ad moremney than your self auveringly prancing rst heeds are worth Sir then weot seadily o to the end. '' TIgnorance. Come, that'ds at gd g doaed ytn sweet, laughtng.tonos- latch my~wraps from yonder sofa, and=' 'Oh. no harry!' flinging himself into a chair nfar. 'The goverbor, year rrepetetr uncle, and the childre of yotheur h mbthe d servant, is 'till swearneg over an aggravainci .raatb. I beard him as I stole past hi room.I aa it y ne'llaly. six bors 'Eo mid-. tBy Jest, old manl' his eyes suddd lk. linting. to a i-1l term .'in the doorway. 'Ejected, eb? What's up?' H I brothe dr slowly entere d. 'I wilforgot my pre, and -wnd i myself, heyou know 00e cannot rexpect to do Europe on his adding e tourd owith empty pocket I with a low, mirthlesgs laugh.to snow. See thatrom some pw e. Wll you fetch wiare t while I w rm Then hi, was gon~e and Trlok shlyerd.;, I * Pit bi l'.'wied 't his isn't more lit- for a :loosto ailium thlln a bridal toar,' gtrambledi up. Eerie?2 '. Well, seeing i your night of doom, yenletr pbut'-ians tha eart fret laughe p-you're pol, inadg a midhty long face, old man, for a proin lpewtive groom. Cheer up. Life is short and Tell of cbaees. la belle' will he in a deuse of a temper if hyou duon't cultivate a. happier look for the altar.' r When the door had etosed upon hire, Paul turned to his slim, e whits-faced eoasin. 'Le tht he look at byou. he lormed,I devouring hsr with hls dark eyes 'H or where we have been so happy' together, let us part ; sad' alter to- nigh;, it' will' be' bent for both if God never lets me see yunrtempt [nie fees again.' Thrilling and chilling -alternately. the stood before bins voiceless and motionless under his imam.s passionate eyes. ' You do oars,' he nonatoneta meehanioally. 'I !wesr dre.amtyou, did until So-night. I L_ have a ntea..seo-e telegram for, you,' he whispered. oget of our. servants riuskl brought it ov. n ear.midnight now 1'ry ,dmind wens baok to the andind. In few minutest. deal? perhaps . Perhnps i wa froma dy. Behind her in New Tasra ak:a * * .four father dangerously itl. Come im mediately if you would see hti a i bewildered.' aWith a low try she winfted nher eyes i Erri' i fae. She swayed, aend would have Why---' faen ad nt smen caughter and wenr. It waskly Paul. he hardly edd, otin heri brieflyk explained. ' wil drive her over to he station,' beod said. ' We can catch the midntght train.to.' 'lVery welll There is no use pedrivking about t; is would but eat a dtureanee, and I caneasily explain afterward. ito no rBlaherk; e he said, Ses io my tter. Erioed cry as p toresible. She is a safe animal. ' Where i ri A few minutes ater, wrped in fog e to the, ee and nearly. ad. Iwaedk was liftedeyou, into th esore wErie was about torgive. aoopay b e n, the cloakroom unlessd him aside, and both retnbefore the ho'-ru only Even through her anxiety she felt grieved.'o olmdnight so-- Why edad Paul sooy parted with heram t Bshing to her eyes the tears frae hl Batre. She had no desire to speak, a death canne r. the evr reasg storm.ible for anyone to get fuenn b eeame, deeper andte midnighted the snow. We shal never get hare I' cried Trikng ntch-face, sad speaking in wildly. ' s It inear half-past now I' And her tortured minued went sioaktely, Ith mansion ong left baried-gl. In a few mithes hl woutd. at will perhaps do? Whapst em he waseuaarried'atseady. Behind boe. Sn fife y he nigthey ave.eeay of mehappi dare say a word of you '- Beoer-God wha wase would both die hereloed ree'.er Bk Be ad stood at lel ast if bewild together ed. rtus. But although it is iThrough a groe near the wind moand there in pafing uln store for us.'aents 'Are we t, Erriback,' she cried wildly. don't you speak?! Why--' e ape . Ifrot ct mmter and wenit. Tqkly aforward.e me here. You 2 lgh rendy. I forbid ye ,Go, go I And pray God: BlakB pon your fto e again.'ks Pesently he returnedso wer ide ofand stood vail n an bade him leave her. herete wind owlight under the shelter ofut thorn bth, the now falling fTkEv alynd wa faster.uddered when she It i useless. Wse eme an freternity she hslest the road,! ha said: At the voe Trik outed a cryling anda gtare wnhe veile went into thc ' Pau n Ih hre r fatWhere New YErrie edon a aea~b, very pale, Why did you do this mad thing!' t 'ieeleI w ith a look of cotseo on, to ay alastword before we parted-forgive.oo Forgive me.' 'Whsherred eiin soErnei me!n 'L abked safely up In, the cloakroom unltess they hve liberated him before this '-griom tly. ' Weat will you do ?'-dazodly.: 'Yom aot back by midnight, the ghost oo-' Sha d not intended to. hIndeed, I am ; re I ever Intendedond hakeld them in hisBat • O tears. Smarriage c bt we had dloped-athat I knw if t were possible for aytrionk.' she saido gt you to Zudwik found Erric b fore midnight express I could. I have failedn that fit of rmusio-master, how dif* ve been for us.' match to s his waisfd spoiled ourspeaking inve, a ind of bitter despair. 'It I shalf-pl alwys nigtwelve, and,' he ontined pasonately, 'In am glad I am not married-glad I am with you. darling. some what may.' ' Hush I Oh, what will i do? What eon I doI What will ihey all say of me?' 'They will nut dare say a word of you fiercely. ' I-I wish we would both die hers 'o~night. We would at least be together I No ose amild part us. Bob although It is wild and stormy, it is not sold, and there Is no snob luck as fretzing tn store for no.' Yon most go back.' shs cried wildly. T on etust go btck. I command It. Take Black Bees, and leave ma here. You bave wronged me enough already. I forbid you staying here now. Go, gal1 And pray God I may novar look upon year fare again.' All his mad entreaties- were of no avail. She only repulsed and bade him leave her. Boa that long night under the shelter of so overturned cotter was speut Triek Evelye never forgot, hut always shuddered when ehe spoke rifIt. Bot alter what seemed an eternity ses thougot seh heard voices ca°liog at a great distance ; then' down she went into the A month later, In her father's New Took houee, ohs reclined on a oeorh, very pale, wan, and frail, hut with a look of content on her sweet faro. Her father had but juot loft the room when a servant ushered In anotoer man none other than PaulGranleigh, but, from the awful events of that awful sight, the ghost of hie former self. With a blnsh, Trick bold out, her hands; then, as he gladly took snd held them io hit, enree into a storm of tears. ' 'And they thought we bad sloped-that papa's illness was only a irisk.' ohesoaid, later. ' It they had found Errie b fare mid o gbt-brfore Miss' Eaton, in that fit of 'sneer, married her musie- master,- how dif ferent it would have been for us.' 'Perhaps It would, and spelled our liver, my pet'-eoftly. 'Sweetheart, I shall always think I was matd that night. and,' he eon. tinned, softer yet, ' bless m- e nnoese I' 