MYSTERIOUS MENTALCPHENOMENA. De Quinoey has had tho moral courago to tell tho world of tho wondorful effoots that opium had on his mind, whilo ovorybody knows the greon dovils caused by tho abase of alcohol. Not that I havo tho slightest intention of insult ing my readers by implying that thoy havo any poisonal acquaintance with these aloholio appari tious; I only moan to say that thoy probably havo heard of thorn. Any medical man of ox» perionco will bear witness of the spootral illusions .to which some of his patients have boon liable* and also how ofton thoy havo been /caused by ioobriating stimulants, which prevent the ordinary action of tho brain, 'and engender the most startling^funtasics, and the highest flights of imagination. It was this fact that made Dr. Johnson say that if a man would write well ho must driuk wiuo, if he would write as a genius bo must drink^brandy. I) presume tho doctor inoant that brandy gave to the author the faculty of a vivid imagination, and carried him from tho land of dry fact inH the land of dreams. Thoro ^ is a vaatjrdifforence botweon those mysterious phenomena for which wo can discover no known cause, and for which, therefore, wo have to find & purely theoretioal explanation, and tho ?phenomena caused by 'the' ordinary laws of nature. Too much importance cannot be given to this difference, moro especially since within . thelabt few years spiritulism has beceme so confused with natural magio, that men aro pcoptical as to the possible existence of disem bodied spirits. The exhibitors of phenomena beyond tho comprehension of the spectators as sert that they receive aid from invisible sources; but, as their seances constitute their means of livelihood, they wisely rofrain from publishing tho details in regard to those invisible sources. Tho mere fact of a man saying that he holds communion with a spirit does not improve by ono iota.. the position of psychological science, but on the contrary, is apt to bring it into redicule as being a high soundiug name, by . which imposture may be scrooned. Insane credulity on tho ouo hand, and arrogant in credulity on the othor, causo our minds to become lost in a whirlwind of doubt. Tho various stories, which wo either rogard with the horror of the vulgar or tho dis dain of tho sceptic, should bo examined ac curately so that wo might ascertain their exact rolation to tho state of tho respective physical organs. It is the mystery involved in a spiritual visitation which is tho causo of terror, not tho actual spirit itself. If it were not for this mystery, wo should converse with a ghost as calmly as with an ordinary fellow-creature, and apprehensions of tho visionary could be readily quieted. In short, those sights which we now rogard as marvellous and incomprehonsiblo would cease to excite our terror when they as sumed tho character of scientific phenomena. — G. F. Undejuiill, 