LIKE AND UNLIKE. BY M. E. BH ADDON, Author of "Lady Audley'a Secret," "Wyllari'a Weird," &o.;, &o.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XLIII.-"LET ME BE YOUR SERVANT." Valentine Belfield did not go to the Great Western Hotel after he left the house In Lisson Grove. He wa3 too deeply agitated to go quietly back to hi3 hetel and eat a good supper and drink a bottle of wine and go to bed and rest. He knew that sleep was impossible, unless he could bring it about by sheer fatigue, as he had done when he walked from the abbey to Bideport and had slept the sleep of exhaustion in the bottom of the little sailing boat. His only chance to-night was to walk down the devil of restlessness that was in him; so he turned his face northward and walked to Hampstead, and then struck off towards Finchley and Hendon, and roamed about among fields and lanes all night, and at 7 o'clock breakfasted at a little public-house by the side of a canal} somewhere between Finch ley-road and Child's Hill. It was a house chiefly affected by bargemen, and nobody took fany particular notice of him, the barmaid merely remarking that in all probability he was a swell who had been on the drink last night, and had been walking about to sober himself. He was Bober enough this morning evi dently, and was proof against all the bar maid's blandishments, though she had taken the trouble to take her hair out of paperB before she carried him his break fast of eggs and bacon and strong tea. He had eaten nothing yesterday except the dainty little plate of bread-and- butter supplied by Madge, and he was faint and sick from the unaccustomed fast. He fell asleep by the fire in the public house parlor, slept through the entrances and exits of several relays of bargemen, slept amidst the odor of beer and the jingle of pewter pots, dozed on till the afternoon, and then paid his score and went aw8y. He made his way across the fields to the Edgware-road and thence to Lisson Grove, where he went into a slop seller's shop and bought a complete suit of such clothes as are worn by the lower order of working men- an Oxford shirt, corduroy trousers, fustian jacket, and hob nailed boots. He changed his clothes on the premises, and reappeared in Lisson Grove in corduroy and fustian, leaving his own things to be kept till called for. The shopman wondered not a little at this transformation. "It's a lark, sir, I suppose ?" he Baid. " Yes, it's a lark," answered Mr. Bel field, as he walked out of the shop. " Well, I must say that I never laid eyes on a less larky-lookiog gent to be up to such a move as that," said the young Israelite to his fellow shopman, as he put Mr. Belfield's clothes away. " There's a lady at the bottom of it, I make no doubt, Benjamin," replied the other, dismissing the subject, which re mark was more accurate than speculative observations are wont to be. It was dusk when Mr. Belfield rang the bell at the Forlorn Hope. Madge opened the door and did not recognise him as he stood facing her silently, with his back to the light. " What do you want, my good man ?" "I want to be your servant, as I told you last night." "Mr. Belfield, why are you still hang ing about here ?" cried Madge, in an ago nised tone. " This is sheer madness." " I believe it is next door to madness," answered Yalentine, following her into the parlor, " but it is madness that only yon can cure. There's no use In my going abroad, Madge, without you. I should only carry my guilty conscience and my misery with me go where I might Africa, Asia, the North Pole-it would be all the same to me. There is no place so strange, no life so wild and full of danger, excitement, occupation, that would make me forget, so long as I were alone. You have the power to comfort me. You have the power to lay the ghost that haunts me. You alone can tell me that 1 have re pented and have expiated my sin. You have the faith that moves mountains, and by your faith I may be fiaved. Leave me to myself and I shall perish inevitably. There Is no help, no cure, but through you." " You are mad," she said. " Yes, it is all madness. I have a good work to do here and I cannot leave it." 11 Let me stay here then, and work for you. That is what I have come for ; to be your drudge, your slave ; to be what Caliban was to Prospero. I am dressed for the part, you see. You will find how handy 1 can make myself, cleaning win dows and scrubbing flag stones, doing work that you and the sisters cannot do, with all your willingness to toil. And in bad cases, when a patient wants watching at night, I can do my part as a watch-dog. Y"ou don't know what I can be under your transforming power. Madge, I have no friend in the world but you." "You have your mother, a nearer and dearer friend." " No. To my mother my life has been a lie. She only is my friend who knows my ain and my repentance. Let me stay here, Madge, and when I leave the country go with me as my guardian angel and my wife. Test the truth of my re pentance, if you will, before you trust me. See how changed a creature I have become. How all that is vilest in my nature has been purged out of it by the horror of my secret sin. Test me to the uttermost a3 your servant before you accept me as your husband." Madge began to waver. He who wa3 pleading to her knew not how urgently her own heart was pleading for him, how fondly she loved him even in his degrada tion, stained with the shedding of blood. " I believe it would be for your own safety to leave England instantly," she said. '' There is no knowing when danger may arise, but if you are bent upon stay ing in this house and helping us in our work, I will talk to the, sisters and see what can be done. Our fort nightly committee meeting will be held to morrow afternoon, and most of the sisters will be here. If they consent to your being employed here-as a servant 1 have no objection. There is a little room on this floor at the end of the passage which you might have as a bedroom. It is Email and rather dark, but it is dry and well ventilated." "Give me any den, any cell," said Yal entine. " Do you think I care how I am lodged ? I want to be near you, Madge ; I want to feel the support of your pra« sence. That is all I ask." "You must not call me Madge here. I am Sister Margaret." ''You shall be Sister Margaret until you are wife Margaret. And now order me about ; let me begin my slavery. Give me any work there is to be done.'1 " I don't think there is anything you can do to-night, but you shall clean all the windows to morrow if you like. Our win dows have always been an affliction to me. We have done our best, but women are not good as window-cleaners. To- night you can take a holiday, but on future evenings we can give you some penman ship to do for us, letters to charitable people who help us. What must we call you, by-the-bye? You have a second Christian name, I think ?" " Yes. I was christened John Yalen tine, but I was always called by the second name, because my mother preferred it." " Then here we will call you John." She began to prepare the tea as she had done on the previous evening, and two of the sisters came in to fetch the trays for their patients. One was an elderly woman, the other a girl of two-and twenty, a pale gentle-looking creature, with a wistful expression in her large blue eyes. Madge introduced Valentine to them as Mr. John, a person who in the outside world had been a gentleman, but who offered himself to them as a servant. " If all the sisters approve, I think we may keep him here and find him very use ful," she said. " In the meantime he will stay here for to- night, and he can help you both in carrying round the coal-scutties after tea." Sisttr Agnes, the fair girl, sat down to tea with Madge and Valentine. She had a slightly nervous manner, and spoke rarely, but Valentine was interested in her appearance, and enquired her history by-and bye, when she had gene back to her dutits on the upper floor, " Her's is a sad story. She belongs to very rich people, and three years ago her life was a round of gaiety. She fell in love with an army doctor, and her family were all opposed to the match, and made her break off her engagement. He went to Egypt and was killed. in the Soudan. She heard of his death unex pectedly from her partner at a dance, and for six months afterwards she was out of her mind. When she recovered nothing would induce her to resume her old life of fine clothes and parties, nothing would induce her to hear of another lover. She devotes her life to charitable work, and all the money her father give3 her is given to the poor. He is veiy liberal to her, although he disapproves of her way of life. She spends only one day of every week in this house, but she works for U3 out of doors, going about the streets at night and talking to wretched women whom few girls of her age would have the courage to approach. That fragile looking woman has penetrated the darkest alleys about Clare Market, the most dangerous streets in JRatclifF Highway, where even the police go at the risk of their lives. She has never suffered any harm, has hardly ever been insulted by a coarse word. She has done more good than auy other mem ber of our sisterhood, although all have worked well." " She can take your place when you have gone to the other Bide of the world, Madge." (To be continued.) I 