Pi R-L I A M E N T. . legislative assembly. V'l-ir.oUAv, 19T n The ShKAKBit look the chair at 3 o'clock. 4 ANSWERS TO GUESTITiVS Mr. GILT.JES, in reply to Mr. i3.\u.KS, said he was now considering whether the code of ' signals agreed to bj' the united conference of miners, engine drivers, &c;«. should not be mode universally applicable, wit-h the exception of Ballarat, which district did not agree with the rusolutiom; «of the united conference. Mi. CULLIES, iu reply to Mr. M'COLL, said that an officer of the Mining department would . next week bo sent to report on the covering of land iu the Huutly district hy sludge from the BonJigo mines. Ar. GILLIES, in reply to Mr; Brows, said , tho report of the Sludgo Commission dealt with tho whole colony, and made some recommenda tion, which it would bo impracticable to carry out in some parts, especially some portions of the Ut>n. member's own district. Mr. JX)\V, in reply to Mr. Retd (for Mr. Tuckkr), said that a survey would immediately to made of the Yarra Jlcnd and Kew Asylum sites, and that the area to be sold would depend largely on the report of the Surveyor-General. Mr. DOW, in reply to Mr. Joxkk, said the survey, of the asylum sites would not commit purliumcnv to selling the land. Mr. GI LLIES, in reply to Mr. MuxRO, said he hoped to he able to distribute the Electoral .Bill cither on Friday or Monday. SANDHURST TRUSTEES' BILL. Dr. QUICK brought up the report of the select committee on tho Sandhurst Trustees, Executors nnd Agency Bill. The bill was ordered to be read a third time on Wednesday next. PAPER. 'Hm following n?,,?r mn,. rcr.tcd : upon proposed resumption of land for public purposes i.e., drainage of Elurood swamp. THE MINISTERIAL CRISIS. Tho .debate on the quest ion that the order of the dayfor reporting resolutions 011 Customs duties, agreed to in committee, be discharged, mis resumed. The SPEAKER -reminded lion, members that the debate had been taking a wider aspect than he was entitled to allow. The question ocforo the chair was not a vote of want of con fidence motion, and hon. members must confine themselves to the proposition. Mr. MT.TN RO submitted that as the Premier in introducing the subject referred to n wide number of topics and charged hon. members with certain things, some latitude ought to bo allowed. Mr. GILLIES : I made no charges against hon. members. Mr. MTNTYRE expressed his astonishment at the Government supporters consenting to take up their present position. Never had a better piece of juggling been performed by any Government tlian that which had just been accomplished, and it was astounding to him that the Government supporters could not see through the trick. Y\ hen the stock tax was remitted to _ the country the Government would be in opposition to the views of at least 13 of their present sup porters. It tine country members, thought tho Electoral Bill would benefit the country they were grievously mistaken, because it was de signed to increase the voting power of the large centres of population. The Government got a majority to vote against the amendment of the bun. member for Geelong by promising that thero should be no dissolution before February, and audi a contemptible act was never before known under responsible government in any coun try. From the very first the Government had no iutention either to assist Mr. Rees or the farmers, and the representatives of the latter had sacrificed their principles for a broken reed. The Government were totally unwarranted in the position they had taken up. It was their duty to have retired the moment they found tho resolutions imposing additional -taxes carried against them. But instead of doing so they took . the unheard of course of calling a caucus . of tlicir supporters and begged to be allowed to live a little longer. It was a most dishonorable action. Tho death knell of tho Government had been rung, but they refused to be buried. It was a fraud and a sham for the Premier to say that tho Govern ment could not appeal to the country until the electoral law hfld been amended. . Tliie SPEAKER: I cannot allow tho Electoral BiU to be discussed at the present juncture. The Premier was permitted to mako reference to that measure when making his statement last evening. A little latitude is always allowed to the leader of a Government under such circum stances, but tlio same privilege cannot be ex tended to every member Because it would tend to prolong the debate to unreasonable limits. Mr. BENT said that a motion to discharge an order of the day covered every subject of a debatable, character. The Premier touched on several subjects in his statement, including the umendmont of the electoral law, and surely members had a perfect right to criticise his remarks. Mr. GILLIES said lie did not discuss the Electoral Bill generally, and only referred to it In answer to interjections. Mr. JONES said that the Premier in his itatement expressed an opinion that any attempt to poll the country at the present juncture would be a fraud and a sham. Surely members had a perfect right to traverse that state ment. Dr. QUICK said the motion virtually dealt With the whole political situation, and, there fore, members had a perfect right to speak ou oil subjects. Mr. GAUNSON said the motion was to all intents and purposes a vote of want of confi dence in the Government, because they knew that if it was lost the Government must either resign or dissolve'. If the Premier was allowed to say that it would be a monstrous thing for the country to be polled on the present electoral basis, members should bo permitted to reply to such an assertion. 'Qhe SPEAKER : The Premier and leader of tho Opposition are allowed a little latitude in making a statement, but the same privilege cannot be claimed by other members ; therefore, the hon. member for Maldon is not in order. Mr. M'INTYRE : Ho did not think it right that he should be debarred from speaking when other members were allowed to do so. The SPEAKER : 1 cannot allow reflections to . be made on ttie chair. (Hear, hear. ) Mr. BENT, at this stage, drew attention to the fact that whilst standing behind the Speaker's ' chair, . talking to the clerk of the House, a pen was thrown down from tho reporters' gallery, and nearly struck the Clerk on tho head. .He did not mind the strictures of \- the .Press, but he certaiuly objected to pens being thrown at his head. (Laughter.) He was informed that it was done on purpose. (No, no.) Mr. GAUNSON (holding up a pen) : It is a curious thing that two pens came down from the reporters' gallery. The SPEAKER: I am informed that the pen slipped out of the hand- of one of the reporters whilst dipping it into his ink bottle. (Hear, Mr. M'lNTYKE remarked that the feeling was so strong in the country against those members who had preferred to Bupport the Government rather than the principles which they wore re turned to uphold, that no explanation would be sufficient ."to excuse them in the eyes of their constituents. Dr. QUICK said that he did not entertain the desire that the hon. member for Maldon enter tained, that those members should give an ex planation- of their, conduct ; but if they did not give an explanation it was their own lookout. There were three fair courses which the Govern ment might have taken. The first was to adopt the resolutions carried ; tho second to rvsigrn, and the tliitxl to 'dissolve, but by a species of manoeuvring and scheming, they saw their way to a course that involved neither of those forms of procedure. He would like to kuow in what direction the House-was drifting. Were they going to give up responsible govern ment and to support Ministries without policy or principle? Mr. M'LELLAN : Tlint would be nothing new. Dr. QUICK: The Government anxiety about electoral reform ought to to looked upon with suspicion and distrust, whilst tlio action of the Ministry and their supporters, ho could only denounce as unholy and unrighteous, for which there was consideration on both sides. The consideration on the part of the Ministry was to remain in oflicc, perhaps, until February next, whilst the consideration on the other side was to be allowed to go about the departments picking up crumbs Until then, and to continue receiving £25 per month. Mr. TUCKER called upon tho hon. membor to withdraw that remark. Dr. QUICK; said it was only a question of fact. Mr. TUCKER : It was a disgraceful insinua tion. . Mr. M'LELLAN said the hon. member had imputed unworthy and corrupt motives to every member on the Government side. The SPEAKER remarked that if tho hon. member said that unworthy inllueuccs lmd induced hon. members to act as they had done it was clearly out of order. Dr. QUICK said he merely said what was the obvious infcrcnco from the facts. There was no imputation intended. Mr. GILLIES remarked that the hon. member had npt the courage to repeat what ho said. Dr. QUICK said ho would repeat it. AYcro it not for payment of members the compromise made by the Government could not have beon effected. Mr. M'LELLAN : You could liot have lived without payment of members. Mr. GILLIES moved — That tho words of tho lion, member for Sandhurst be. taken down. In this case tho imputation was as clear as pos sible, -namely, that were it not for tho pnymont of money to lion, members this compromise could not have taken place. Mr. BENT said it was strango that tho Pre mier had' not moved in reference to wlmt Mr. HI'Lellan bad said. . Could not tho matter be v passed over, quietly. L- Y Mr- GILLIES : "We will not put up with this ? ir language. cry/ v. Mr-MUNRO: "We'll sco if you'll stand it or N/ - not, " \- -V,\ -Mr, BENT 'hoped tho motion Urould not bo seconded, or that the Premier would not pres3 The SPEAKER said that he desired to inter vene to avoid unpleasantness. He hoped the hou. member would withdraw what he had r-n id. Dr. QUICK replied that he withdrew his remarks wholly. He was not aware that they could possibly be offensive. If they were offen sive lie was sorry. He was only arguing on political grounds. (Hear, hear.) Although lie gave the Government credit for having aban doned their budget proposals, it was deeply to bo regretted that a dissolution had not taken place. \\\ hen the ap)>cal came to be made to the country the real issue would be obscured, and the votes would bo cast, it was to be feared, oil a false issue. Ho trusted, however, that hon. members oil both sides of the House would exert themselves to prevent Ministers from placing a false issue before the country. "Were they to be governed for another three years by a Ministry without any political individuality — a Ministry in which tho views on tariff questions of the Minister of Customs wcro diametrically opposed to those of tho Chief Secretary ? How could such a Government go to the country with anything like a uniform or consistent issue. Tlio issue put before the country ought to be, not "federation or no federation," but "pro tection against free- trade." He hoped that before long the Chief Secretary would see his way to withdraw from his present colleagues, and take up his proper position as leader of the Liberal party in this country (Opposition cries of No), and that he would not any 'longer allow himself to be made use of by liis Conser vative friends, Mr. ANDREWS regretted very much the course proposed to be adopted by the Govern ment. He assisted the farmers' representatives in the matter of the stock tax, believing that they would be consistent, and apply their pro tectionist views to other items in tho tariff, but now revision of the tariff was to be remitted to the position to him was that the Government were ashamed of their budget proposals. Cer- tninlythcy contained such anomalies that they could not find acceptance with the country. The Government had led hon. members into a perfect cut dc s«c, and their abandonment ot The tariff was one of the greatest blows that a Ministry had ever inflicted upon tho commercial and industrial community. A great many industries waiting to be established must now stand over for six or nine months. The Elec toral Bill he could not support. Mr. YALE remarked that it had often been said that coalition spelled conservative, and that conservative in this colony meant frec-trado at any cost. If any keen political schemer had endeavored to contrive a series of circum stances to carry out the policy of free-trade and politically ruin his opponents, he could not have contrived a better scries of circumstances than had taken place in Victoria during the last three or four weeks. The protectionist members of the House were to be politically assassinated, and there was no probability of an amended tariff being placed before the House for 12 months, though it hud been clamored for for the last six or seven years. The coalition Ministry had simply shufiled with the question. .The members for nearly every goldfield in the colony voted solid for tho farmers' interests in tho recent divisions. The vaunted surplus comprised a balance of £604,000 carried over from the previous year, and the difference, £182,000, represented tho extent to which districts that had not returned Ministerial supporters to Parliament had been punished by the Government in being deprived of money for expenditure on public works. There were some constituencies, however, that would not sacrifice their independence, and his own would not have the Premier as its representative oveu if that fact were to procure for it advantages to the extent of £100,000. Mr. L. L. SMITH said hon. members ought not to allow themselves to he deceived by the falla cious argument that the stock tax was a barrier to federation. So far as retaliation was concerned, they wanted New South Wales to retaliate, for it was only by tlio sister colony becoming protectionist that a customs union could'be hoped to be estnblishedbetweenthem. The other colonies were practically protectionist already, and it was only such old fossils as Sir Henry Parkcs and Sir J" ohn Robertson that retarded the adoption of tho policy in New South Wales. To sum up the whole situation, the farmers representatives had been completely gulled by tlio Government, and when they went before their constituents they. would find it difficult, if not impossible, to justify their action in refus ing, in the selfish interest of the Government, to accept the increased protective duties neces sary to assist in the development of the agricul tural industry. Mr. BROWN said the House had been tricked by tho Government into a position unprece dented in the history of .yict'oruuCpvlities.Jl The farmers had cried out for additional protection to enable them to profitably develop tho agricul tural industry, and when their Representatives had the power of giving this assistance they incontinently threw away the opportunity in order that the Government might live a little longer. It was a state of affairs not at all creditable to the Government or the fanning reuresuiitatives. SIR BRYAN O'LOGHLEN said that the affairs of the country might be settled in caucus for this occasion by the Government, but it would not be the case much longer. The con stituencies would not let them play fast and loose with their representatives after next election. His experience was, in Belfast and other parts of the country where lie had travelled, that there was an overwhelming majority of electors who were in favor, not only of protection to the manufacturers, but also to the farmers. Upon that feeling he relied as likely to interpose a difficulty in the way of certain members on the Government side satis fying their constituents as to their recent action. The increased duty on cereals was practically carried by 56 votes in a House of 68 members. There were only 12 who would have opposed it as a matter of form if there had been a division. How long were tho farmers to wait before receiving the benefit of tlio victory gained for them in the House? They were asked to wait until the Electoral Act was passed and the estimates carried. It would thou require three months — .say January, Febru ary and March — to gut the machinery of the new act into operation. April would be taken up with the elections, and the House would meet in May. The Victorian market was in the meantime being flooded with New South AYales and Queensland stock. "Were the profits of local farmers to go into the pockets of growers in the other colonies for the next six months in spite of the resolution arrived at by the House to the con-' trary ? Were the fanners to be denied every thing that had been proposed iu tfic tariff for their benefit simply because they had asked a little more? Audwereallthe increased duties pro posed for the advantage of the industrial popula tion to be cast aside because the farmers had de manded too much? All these advantages were tobe sacrificed for the federation fail. Commercial arrangements consequent on the anticipation that tho budget would bo carried in the ordinary course— for at least throe-fourths of the nro- posals would have been carried — were all to be disturbed. Was there any precedent for a Government giving up all its budget proposals in the maimer this Government intended ? They had collapsed. Why did they not resign ? That was the question which was being asked all over the country. Tho Electoral Bill had never been distributed, its principles had never been enunciated, and how the Government could advance that hill as an argument for puttiug aside the whole budget, disturbing trado and disappointing the fanners, was what he could not comprehend. If the Government carried this motion the House would get completely bogged in ' any other measure that might be put before it. There was a ghost in the coalition cam), and that ghost was plural voting. That ghost would stand a living and palpable thing, and it would tax even the ingenuity of the creator of the federation flag to find some other flag to smother that ghost. Mr. JONES said the precedent quoted for the course adopted by the Government in submitting this motion was the procedure of the M'Culloch Government in 1876 in discharging tho order of the day for the consideration of the lmd Pro perty aud Income Tax Bill ; but lie had looked in vain in the records of the House of Com mons for any precedent justifying a Govern ment continuing in offico after it had abandoned its whole financial policy. The result of Sir Jas. M'Culloch 'scourse of action was his dismissal from office, notwithstanding that he had suc ceeded, as he thought, in gerriinaiulering the electorates of tho colony, a process by which the hon. member for Ararat was considerably affected. Mr. M'LELLAN : You were considerably affected as well. Mr. JONES : If the lion, member would state openly what lie alluded to he would give him the opportunity of listening to a complete defence. It was well known iu the House that the hon. member had declared time and again that he would vote against the Ministry as soon as he saw that his vote would unseat them, in order that ho might gain some of the advan tages of tlicir retirement. Mr. M'LELLAN : I challenge you to prove a word of that. Mr. JONES : It has been said in the presonco of several members of this House. Mr. M'LELLAN : It is a lie. Mr. JONES : And to mo personally, as late ns last Friday. Mr. M'LELLAN : It is a lie. Mr. BENT directed the attention of tho Speaker to the fact of tho hon. member for Ararat having used the expression, "It is a lie." Air. M'LELLAN : So it was. Air. BENT supposed that the Chief Secretary would be as anxious to have these words taken down as he was to have words taken down a few minutes before. Mr. M'LELLAN : I move that the words bo taken down myself. Tho SPEAKER: I did not hear the expression complained of. Mr. MTNTYRE : I move that the words be taken down. Air. M'LELLAN : I second that. The SPEAKER : Tho words ennnot lie taken down because a speaker has intervened since they were uttered. Mr. M'LELLAN claimed tho right of being heard in explanation. Mr- M'INTYRE insisted that tho objection able expression should bo withdrawn. . Air. DEAKIN : Tho reason why I did not call attention to .tho objcotionnble expression was that after the lion, member for Ararat had con tradicted the statement of the hon. member for Ballarat AVcst, the latter continued to repeat it, which is n breach of the standing orders. The SPEAKER: If the lion, member for Ararat ucd tho expression complained of, it was out of order; and if the hon. member for Ballarat West repented his -.statement after it had been contradicted,- that- was also out of order. I hope the debate will now lie allowed to proceed. \ Mr. JONES said ho did not hear the expres sion attributed to the lion, member for Ararat. Ho (Air. Jones) was merely stating what he knew to be a fact, and what was known to be a fact by several members of the House. Air. M'LELLAN : Is this in order? I have denied the truth of it. The SPEAKER : The. lion, member for Bal larat AVcst is bound to accept the ddninl. Mr. JONES would then say that he thought the lion, member for Ararat said what lie had attributed to hiin, and that several other mem bers of the House thought they heard him say precisely tho samo thing. Air. GAUNSON : I will swear it. (Laughter.) Air. JONES accepted the contradiction of the hon. member for Ararat in a Parliamentary sense. The time for private members' business having arrived, the debate was adjourned. A CLAIM FOR COMPENSATION. Air. PEIRCE moved that the House take into consideration the case of John Smith, who, whilst employed ns a locomotive cleaner at tlio Spencer-street engine sheds, was knocked down by a AVilfiamstown passenger train, and had both his legs cut off. After receiving half pay for six months, Smith was granted £300 compensation from the Railway department. The accident was not due to any carelessness o:i the pnrfc of tho un fortunate man, and ho (Mr. Peirce) therefore considered the case was one which called for the practical sympathy of Parliament, in the Air. GRAVES seconded the motion, and urged the Government to give the case further consideration, with a view of seeing whether any light employment could be found for Smith in the Railway department. Air. GILLIES said the case was one that appealed to the sympathies of every member of the House. Even if the unfortunate man were to blainc for the accident, the sufferings lie had endured more than counterbalanced any carelessness on his part, and called for the sym pathy of the House. (Hear, hear.) The Rail way department was desirous at all times of acting in a kindly spirit towards any employe who met with an accident whilst in the execution of his duty. (Hear, hear.) He had communicated with the Railway Com missioners on the subject, and they had promised to find somo light employment for Smith. (Hear, hear.) Air. PEIRCE : On that assurance I withdraw my motion. The motion was withdrawn. CLASSIFICATION OF FEMALE TEACHERS. The postponed petition of .tho female teachers was taken into further .-consideration, and the House divided on the motion of Sir Bryan O'Loghlen — That this House is of opinion that the petitioners should be forthwith classified, ami instructs the G overnniont accord i ngl.v. Tho division resulted ns follows : — Ayes 24 Noes 35 Atajority against the motion ... 11 The following is the division list : — AYES.— 24. Air. Bniles Air. Jones Mr. Peirce Baker Langdon Dr. Quick Rent Lnngridge Hose Feild Dun-ens Air. Smith, L. L. Gaunson j/ovicn Toohcy Graves Mimms -Tucker Harper Aturpliy Talc Hunt Sir B. O'Loghlen Young, C. NOES.— 35. Mr. Anderson. W.AIr. Gordon Air. Reid (Creswjck) Graham Russell Anderson. W. Hants, A. Shackoll (V. aud II.) "-Harris, J. Smith, C. Bosisto , Highett Staughton Bourchicr M'CoIl Uren Cameron M'Lean AYnlker Davies, D. AI. AI'LcIIai "Wheeler Deakin Alurray "Wright Derham Niramo AVrixon Forrest Outtriin Young, A. Gardiner Pearson Kox. Gillies THE CALIFpRNIAN THISTLE. In committee, Air. MURPHY moved— That an address be presented to his Excellency the Governor, requesting him to place on the addi tional estimates a sum of £1CC0 for the purpose of assisting the Biuigavee and Buninyong shire coun cils in eradicating the -noxious weed known as the Californian thistle. Mr. ANDERSON (V. and H.) said that if this motion were carried every other shire in the colony would apply for similar assistance. Ho would move an amcudinent, that the words Bungurcc and Buninyong be struck out. unless the mover would adopt such a proposal. Air. L. L. SMITH : Would the hou. member support the motion if that alteration were made? Air. ANDERSON : Yea. Air. DOW suM that this weed, the Bathurst burr and St. John's wort were dealt with under the Thistle Act, by which the onus was thrown on the owners of private lands to destroy them. The shire councils ought to see that the act was carried out in that re spect. It was a very simple thing to pass money to spend in all sorts of vague means to eradi cate the pest, hut the question would be raised if this were done as to why the men who had spent money on their private lauds to kill off the rabbits were not to receive similar considera tion. He luui been, informed by letter that a farmer in the Alyrniong district had successfully dealt with tho thistle "by using a skimming hoc. If on this land at Dungaree the owners were, to grow green crops and refrain from growing hay for a time, or were to sow it with artificial grasses and heavily graze it, the thistles noon it would soon die out. If this money were passed whore was the principle to end ? Air. C. YOUNG agreed with the Minister, that it was wrong to puss money to clear off the weed. He suggested that a select com mittee lie appointed to take evidence on the best means of destroying the weed. The Minister's correspondent was wrong about clear ing oti the weed by the skimming process. Air. RUSSELL said that he was not aware of tlie method intended to be adopted, hut if the vote was passed they would undertake to get a method to lie approved of by the Minister, aud have it carried out. Air. ANDERSON (Oreswick) said he had seen thcthistleat the depth of 5 feetor6 feet, as thick as a man's thumb, arid spreading in every direc tion. The smallest particle would grow and produce a new plant. Common salt had been found by practical farmers to he tho only practical remedy. Air. LKVIEN said £1000 would be of no use for eradicating the nest. Air. YALE said- it was scarcely likely the Government would expend an adequate amount' of money ou eradicating the thistle, iu \ icw of tho very large sum that was being devoted to the Exhibition. The only way to deal with the thistle was the same as they should treat every free-trade candidate at the next election— cut off his head. (Laughter). Air. WHEELER said that cutting down tlie thistle had been of no avail. Air. O. YOUNG : The more you cut it the more it grows. Air. WHEELER: The vote should be a general one, and not restricted to Bungaree and Bumnyong. Air. DOW said the debate showed tho neces sity there was for further investigation. The Government would be prepared to adopt the suggestion that a committee of practical men should bo appointed. Air. L. L. SMITH said that no vegetation could resist tho action of gas tar. It would des troy the thistle root, but would not vitiate the soil for any length of time. Air. J. HARRIS recommended tlmt a com mittee should be appointed to report on tlie subject. Ho was sure that the thistle could be killed by constantly cutting off the leaves. Mr. WRIGHT remarked that tho weed in question affected rich lands: It would not grow on poor land, and why should the poor fanner be taxed for the benefit of the owners of rich land, worth £50 per acre? There were other weeds besides the thistle, and he did not approve of offering n premium to slovenly farming. Air. BOURCH1KU supported the proposal to appoint a committee to investigate the mutter. Air. BENT said the remitting of this subject to a committee would only mean putting it off. Air. MURPHY" objected to any unnecessary delay. The farmers were being ruined by this agricultural cancer. Air. ANDERSON (Yilliers and Heytesbury) said that, before voting for the proposal, ho would like to know how tlie money was to be expended. Air. L. L. SAIITH : That will be left in the hands of the Minister of Lands. Mr. ANDERSON : Ho would not trust the expenditure to the Alinistcr. (Oh !) If it was proposed to expend tho money in carrying out experiments ho would not object to the proposal, but if it was intended tlmt money should be voted in this way for the whole colony he could not support it, because it would take at least £100,000 to do the work of eradication effec tually. lie quite agreed that the most urgent necessity existed for some steps being taken to eradicate the thistle, and he thought that if the hon. member would allow tho money to be placed in the hands of a committee of practical men, to he expended as they deemed best, a great deal of good work would be. accomplished. (Hear, hear.) Mr. M'LELLAN said it-Was the duty of tho committee to learn- how - far tho thistle had spread throughout the 6olo/'y, what effect it had upon the farming interests, and, in fact, to learn the best means to be adopted to eradicate itfrom both public and private lands. (Hear, hear.) Whilst they might reasonably vote the sum asked, he was afraid that very little eradication would be donn outsido : the boundaries of Bun inyong and Bungaree. The opinion was that they should appoint a committee, and enquire into fli.» wliobJmat.tor, and in that wnv do good ser vice to the whole of the farming dist ricts ot the colony All. CAMERON said he would hko to point ojitjlhat thero were other parte of the colony overrun with obnoxious weeds entirely different from the tlustlc. ! In his district a great deal of damage was don«| by briara, docks aud winze. Air. GAUNSQX : Could the thistles not be paired off with tlie docks? (Laughter.) ALr. CAMERON: He considered that tlie municipalities were armed with sufficient power to keep the lands within their juris diction free of obnoxious weeds. Under those circumstances lie could not see why two shires should be benefited by a special grant at the expense of the other portions of the colony. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN said that as every member appeared to havo something to say about weeds, be would draw tlie attention of the House to the fact that in his district they hod anew weed called the "Alilesin." (Laughter.) The Government had done nothing to eradicate the Californian thistle, and, therefore, he was in favor of the motion, because it was a prac tical step towards grappling with the diffi culty. Air. AI'LEAN thought tho hon. member for Ballarat had done much to introduce the yiatter. If £1000 were to be expended in experimenting as to the best mode of destroying the thistle, under the guidance of a special committee appointed to take evidence on the matter, ho would support the proposal. Air. DOW said there was no opposition to finding out the best means of destroying the pest through a select committee, nor to voting money afterwards in accordance with their report, but the Government did not see the propriety of arming that committee with £1000 to start their investigations upon. Air. BENT : If tlio Government would vote that sum to-night tlie mover and the Govern ment could consult as to the personnel and duties of the committee. Would the Govern ment agree to this ? Air. DEAKIN : Very well. Tho motion was agreed to in its altered form — That an address be presented toliis Excellency place on the additional estimates tho sum 'of £1000, for the purpose of assisting in eradicating the noxious weed know as the Californian thistle. The resolution was reported to the House. RAILWAY ROLLING STOCK. Tho debate on the motion for increasing the railway rolling stock was resumed. The ques tion was — That seeing the demand for rolling stock is far beyond what the Railway department can supply, and that it is necessary that additional stock for the conveyance of live stock, timber and goods he at once obtained, this House now instructs the Commisssioners of Railways to nrcparo a schedule price at which those can bo made by contractors in the colony, and at once order such stock us shall meet present demands. Mr. WHEELER said it was a standing dis grace to present and past Governments that they had not kept up a sufficient supply of rolling stock. He and his colleagues lmd been at the Railway department times out of number on behalf of his constituency requesting tlmt additional trucks should be provided, and the invariable answerv- was, "You gentlemen at Parliament House havo the matter in your hands. You supply the money, and we'll very soon have the trucks for you." Every station throughout tho country was blocked with produce, and it was disgraceful that the traffic should not have been got clear. Alen lmd been thrown out of employment, and contractors on Government work hod been fined as much as £1 a day. On account of not . being ablo to get supplies of timber carters lmd been compelled to turn their horses out. A great deal of misery anil suffering had been coused. If 2000 trucks extra were put on immediately they would scarcely more than meet the demand ; and he understood thero were shops ready to execute contracts. The produce of other colonies lmd been carried to AEclbournc at a dead loss, whilst trucks could have been profitably employed on behalf of local industries. Air. GILLIES moved the adjournment of the debate. The chairman of the Railway Commis sioners had been ill during the last few days. He lmd been expecting n statement from him tlmt would completely answer tho random statements tlmt had been made, both in aud out of Parliament, with regard to this matter, many of which were without foundation. He had authorised the commissioners at the begin ning of the year to call for tenders for £300,000 worth of additional rolling stock. So far as he himself was concerned he was prepared to make his defence at once, but ho preferred to deal with tlie whole question in a complete form. If the House desired to increase the rolling stock to any greater extent after they had heard the report of the commis sioners the Government were quite prepared to do so. Mr. COOPER, in seconding the motion, said the complaint lie made way thnfc during tlie five years the present Minister of Railways had been in office he had allowed the roUing'stook to get into arrears. - (Hear.) He had practically starved the railways when he had a large sum in the Treasury, and had dot .jnade reasonable efforts to supply the requests frequently made to him for relief. ( FtenvV Air. BROWN said he was advised by prac tical men that the railway authorities could ease the traffic very considerably by loading the firewood trucks on end, two trucks being innde to take the place of three as used ou the present system, and thftt without «any risk being incurred. Air. YALE contended that the Premier was to blame for the defects iu the Railway depart ment which had been complained of. Air. ANDERSON (Creswick) said lie regretted the Alinister of Railways had not gone fully into the question, because it was one in which his district was vitally interested. A great hard ship was inflicted upon poor wood carters sim ply because there was not a sufficient number of trucks to carry firewood. The difficulty had reached such proportions that not a moment should be lost in taking some steps to remedy the evil. Air. LANGDON said the Creswick district was not the only one interested in the matter, u» tlie difficulty was experienced along -.the Alaryliorougli, Dimolly and Wcddcrhuvn railway linen. Air. AI'COLL said he trusted tho House would have an early opportunity of discussing the matter, which was one that seriously affected a large number of people in the countiy districts. The debate was adjourned. ADJOURNMENT. Tlie House, at 11.25 p.m., adjourned until 2 p.m. tlie next (this) day. 