The Mission of Abuse. Two experienced politicians and a neophyte of the chameleon specieB are iioW itinerating the central district. Their obiect is to counteract the snlendid reception recently accorded to the Premi-r in the same district. Their methods ar abuse, misrepresentation, and vitupera tion. The chief of the trio has no poli'y of his own to put before the country, so he gives himself to the task of vilifying the administration of those whom lie seeks to displace. He dare not attempt to .exhibit for public admiration the nerveless, invertebrate ghost of a poli'-y which he has drawn in faint lines with trembling hand, but he tries to reduce to a ghostliness akin to his own phantatm the substantial work of his opponents. He does not attack the advanced polh y indicated in the. programme of his rival, he assails with the savageness of an ira' •• giant the work which that rival has alrea'1; accomplished. However congenial icon; - clastic work may be to a certain elms of minds it is not always politic, becam e it is not always serviceable. Ambiti- n for power should not make an aspirant utterly unscrupulous as to the methc s hy which power is sought to 1 e acquired. If either are friends gratified nor opponents won over hy harsh and unpleasant attacks on the work, or the ability for work, of the opposing side. Then, again, the leader who is con scious of his own strength should m t deride nor underestimate the strength rf his rival. Mere strength in a case of this sort may mislead the strong man. less requisite are honour and patriotism. The exercise of injudicious or uncon trolled vigour in dealing with a country's finances may he full of peril. Sir Thomas M'llwraith is posing magnificently as the giant financier. He is "the incom parable " in this respect. And he is over-brimming with contempt for th alleged incompetency of his opponcn'-. Fortunately he has not presumed to assail the honesty of the present administration. On this point they are unassailable. A" t even the man who is so eager to dispossess them of their seats and deprive them of their power, ventures to hint at ar.y prostitution of office for selfish aggran disement. They have not sought t.> benefit themselves or their relatives1 y wholesale alienation of the public estal •, or hy contracts in which their friends ni >i relations have benefited. Ho, Sir Thomas M'llwraith cannot find a vul nerable point for assault of this kind. Jr" has to content himself with the congeni 1 gratification of sneering at their incoi - petency, and of misrepresenting lie results of their work. In this congenial work he has been assisted hythe com pttent Stevenson, and the incompetent Paul. If John Stevenson he strong on any one point, it is on that of vituperatio-. He is strong on that. He has graduated in the academy of political abuse. Paul is' a neophyte; hut he is now in efficient hands, and if he he an apt scholar he will, ere the new Parliament meets, he qualified to take his seat on the belligerent side of the House. On the 23rd instant, atEmerah', Sir T. M'llwaith said to a public meeting, "He would not refer to any work he had done himself, hut to the errors and de linquencies of his opponents. That was a great deal easier." Might he not have added, "and a great deal more to his taste ?" Is not this a noble mission for a man who is extolled as the " greatest statesman in Australia?" Ha cannot expatiate on his own policy f<r the future; ho has none. He still has preferences; one especially, for land grant railways, which he was not hold enough to enunciate in his published address to the electors of Brisbane Horth. and to which he does not venture to give prominence in his electioneering speeches on this torn-. Surely a great statesman who travels the country for the express purpose of depreciating the work of his opponents should have enough moral courage to preserve him from expedient compromise with his own con victions. It borders closely on cowardice. Or, if not cowardice, it is expediency with an! element of disingenuousness in it. If Sir Thomas Wll wraith intend to re-introduce proposals for land-grant rail Trays why does he not say so plainly and honestly ?. Let this hattlc be fought on well-defined h'nes- battering and be spattering of character by the respective leaders is neither dignified nor decisive. If the Leader of the Opposition be dubious about his policy he is not dubious about his capacity. The burden of his harangues in the central district is: " Tne men in power are duffers; I am the man to lift the country out of themire and set-it on a hill." .Anyway, lie puts no bushel on the light of" his own conceit. This self glorification, combined with the vilifica tion of his opponents, would he amusing were it less emphatic. But it is neither dignified nor convincing, nor even im pressive, when it is so manifestly rancor ous and so conspicuously interested. If the knight were zealous m another man's cause, or sipply and solely in his country's interest, his exaggerations of merit on one side and his depreciation of merit on the other side might be tolerated, aye,. might he persuasive; hut when accession to power is his primary object, unprejudiced people may be pardoned if they discount his zeal and deplore his oversight of dignify and courtesy. In effect.. he says: "Turn., out these doltish crawlers who have muddled your finances; put me in; I will make things boom and square your income with your . expenditure." The public might reasonably look for this boastful ness of conceit on the part of some of the third-rate candidates who, self impelled by the force of self-conceit, are offering their unwelcome services to an unappreciative public. Sir Thomas WI1 wraith's abilities are not unappreciated. There is, therefore, the less need for him to proclaim themandto enforce their worth on the public ear. But, by many people in this colony, ability uncontrolled by patriotic purity is not absolutely approved. In our political leaders wc want strength so thoroughly combined with honesty that suspicion of corrupt use of power shall be impossible. "We want also that these leaders shall, he so disinterested in their patriotism that there shall he no need for any one of them to have to call attention to his worth, his honour, or his integrity. To earn confidence by integrity is infinitely better than self laudation. To win adherence by an appeal to the intelligence is better than to gain votes by an appeal to the passions. The irony of contempt may gratify men who are already prejudiced against the objects of the contempt, but it , will exasperate unprejudiced men who, while asking for a fish, have a seipent thrown at them. A- sti-ong man weakens his physical force, his reputation for sagacity, and his cause, when in the blind fury of his frantic zeal he engages in pugilistic encounters with shadows. Sir Thomas is setting up bogeys for the sake of knock ing them down; and he calls this elec tioneering ! 