THE WANDERER. OH THE WORLD'S HIGHWAYS. Bi J. H. IN MIDDLE EUROPE. SALZBURG'S SPECIALTIES. The greatest genius in music was born to lelight the world a ears, where some o! ita pleasantest scenery exists to please the eyes. r|'hp vagaries of Nature to be seen about Salzburg culminated in Mozart's creation there. Salzburg is a beauty spot on the world's face, nest!in? in the heart of Europe, on the banks of the Salzach, as Stratford does limil&rlr; in the heart of England, on the banks of the Avon. Vv'ondroosly appropriate places do they both appear for each produc tions as the first of the world's poets and its greatest master of music. The "Swan of Avon"' has Enng undying songs, and that at Salzach stnick chords, to vibrate for all time, of an unequal lei ar.i heavenly kind. For what Siiakspeare an i Mozart nave given to the world do we honour these places of their birth, and thus al.ke pleasurable to the syes and the intellect are both Stratford and Salzburg. Ail musical Europe lately aroused itself to a celebration ot the centenary of the pro duction of the treat master's masterpiece. Aswith "Macbeth" in dramatic composition sran-ls "Don Giovanni" in operatic ones— ahead of all others. Surh has been the de tision of those best capable of giving such judgment—the German and English biographers of its composer. Salzburg has, therefore, the double honour ol boldtng the grave of lbirecelsa*, the father of modern medic'.:.", ani of cradling Mozart, the c»nius of modern music, all of which gives mo-Is of glamour to whatever is to i»e seen iu this picturesque Austrian town. The wry thereto from Vienna Is to l>e ma-ue in a pleasantly short two hours ride by rail. The scenery much helps to make it agreeable, and claims equal attention to either side of the liae. Salzburg wins one at first glance as an ingratiatingly ana meaitevahy built place. It receives on? in this way as might a white h aire J, venerable, ruddy-cheeked grand father. It ts white in its stonework, ami ruddy in its bricks and tiles. A glory of a river runs through its centre, the rocky wal.s ct which tower to great heights here and there on either Eide. This rirer, the Salzach, is as fine a stream as is the Maine at Frank fort, and rapid in its flow as is the Rhone at Geneva. A grand change this in the watery way from the ditch-like \S ien of Vienna. Oa the wide, stone-built bridge which spans this Salzach the stranger will stay for best part of an hour indulging in a long look around. There is that to be seen np and down tiie stream, and in town surroundings, which wlii hold the attention of anyone. Much of the time wiil be given to an effort to conjure up what place it is that Salzburg most recalls. We seldom see anything that Joes not bring something else to recollection ts seen by ourselves in our present form, or in that previously existing one of which we now and again have strange reminders. There is no modern hotel in Salzburg. The best to be found is a delightful old place that would be called in England "The Tabard '* or "The Talbot," as of the Elizabethan era. lis name is equally old-tashioned as "The Erzherzog," and it fronts to a platz, or square, with antiquated cobble-stone pave ment A coach and four might be driven into the doorway of this hotel, down the hall, and up the etairs. Falstaff, who wished to take his ease in his inn, could have done so here with Daniel Lambert for company, and a gross of other such overgrown beings. Reau Brnmmei's idea of iuxury was "clean linen and plenty of it" The idea of the builder of the Erzherzog was evidently space and plenty cf it The guest, seised with this notion, finds it carried out in all departscsafe as he gets to know his bahi^sios and the wide ways about it "*!Tse Erzherzog" of Salzburg will n in memory thenceforth as the rtost roomy of ail bouses giving '.caging room to travellers anywhere about the world. In the centre of the cubble-stoned square is a atanbild, or statue, which gives the name of " Mozart Platz ** to it This representa tion of the master musician is by Schwan thaler, and is as effective in arresting atten tion as is that of Grattan, by Foley, seen facing to the gate of Trinity College, in Dublin, 'i'hoee regarding both works do so with satisfaction. It does not occur to them that, had the work -been placed in their hands, they could bare done it any better. Nor that they could have given the sculptor any valuable suggestions lor the bettering-of his artistic efforts. You see Mozart here as you see Grattan in Dublin, and stand, wait iogly, expecting to bear biin speak. 'J'be record, as inscribed, ia a simple one of name and dates only. It gives Mozart's birth as in 1736, and his death as in 179L It so adds to the record another on the sad Jist of those children of genius who have been sent to show us how little is length of life needed to the making of an immortal name— who in the first hah of an ordinary lifetime have done work which no length ot lifetime given to others could produce—going hence, as they hare done, at that early and fatal age for genius and talent, of 35. "A life too short for friendship—not for fame." Mozart's death was dne to decline, the medically called phthisis, ordained for re moving hence of so many of the best of ns. There are those who have questioned whether genias is anything but the outcome of disease—as is the pearl in the oyster. They arge that it was the cancerous stomach, which was his paternal inheritance, that made Bonaparte the restless, insatiable being that he was. In this way such theorists point to then amber of those who dieyoung when so muuaelly endowed, and the poet puts it but mote poetically when saying that it is the iJWRpThaWtaUoji which lets in the light. ita broken-up irregularities, ishUof tfae face of nature as Men around Salzburg. Ode's head is being continnally tbirowtiback to look upon this or Out height -n8 to*Sderifcow pfebjplecan fancy the toil 1,4 urn danger the) ':%s6'ifaa". In tba itp&Jsvftrr; Edin mmf heights, one to either 6ide of the river, much j recall those of CasUe-hill and Arthnr's Seat h People to live aloft like tbia must .have in j < them something of the nature of the birds f which soar out of eyesight such as the swift' and the condor, and there remain teiescopi- j C&Wt; visible on:jr. | It is on one of these heights—the Ca-1 puzinerbera, looking down upon the rapidly , roiling Salzbach, that a building, strange and ; out oi place in its appearance, is to be seen j perched. As the soaring spirit fails to take •, one so high, the inquiring mind seeks inior-j rnation about it. The " MozarsSsaaclien" is ji | the name given to it, in the German ias hion oi j I long names. It shares honours with the j: i Cass Saucta " at Loretto on the Adriatic, j< I in that it is a house removed hither from a ; j distance, and in remembrance only oi one j who had dwelt in it elsewhere. It was j Mozart's dwell me during his longest stay in j j Vienna. Why Vienna ever allowed its re- j j tnoval seems as woadrons, bat I recall that j . the Americans were once very nearly com-1 I pletiug the removal of Shak-peare'e house j i bebi-re Mr. H&iijwei;! stirred in tiie matter of j [purchase by and for the English nation. ■ Salzburg, lieeiy enough, moved quietly in i the matter, ana bought and brought j ! away the house before the Viennese j knew of its intended removal. Iiaviaz got it here the Salzburghen hare put I sibie out of the reach of every- { ; it as far as passible out of the reach of every- j body. The Viennese can take their share j ' of it now in the long look—in the nature of! [ looking a long way "up—with which, also, j ! most other people have to be satisfied. j j ttrailing about defighu'u! old Saizburg and j ' up and down its quaint-looking struggling 1 i streets, I come opoa the Market Platz. which J ! is underwritten as lately caiied the Hannibal j I Piatz. On a house situate here, at the 1 j corner of Taeatergasse, I read on a tablet, j I that it was once tiie " tVohnhaus" or dwell- j j ing, of the " divine Mozart," a native (the [ ! inscription goes on to say; ot this town. j ! In another street of Salzburg, the Getried- j [ gasse. I had the Chiemseehof—a name signi- j i fyinz, I believe, a lakeside house. Br a j j tablet on its trout it is the "Geburthaus," or j ! birthplace of Mozirt, and by repute it holds ' a museum of ail that can be collected to illus trate the Lie and hit's work of this king of icjmposers ail. Libraries, picture ciiiee ' lions. and museums are too oiten thucd i-! a be " closed for cleaning," or on some one ! excuse or other, when you wan: to see them iand have but limited time for doing so. It ; was so with this Mozart museum, or j " Mczartenm," chasing this afternoon for a ! week : but the curator was open to eonvic | tion, and accepted s-Lii reasons for making < my visit an exceptional one, with a promise ! net to do it acsui. | Here, in this birthplace oi this genius of ; music, is tiie clavichord, or apiunet, on which ' his childish fingers plated, au i the piano to i which he advanced at live, and played upon J so well at nir.e years. Here are portraits of j the youtiiiui v. under, b.-r such he then was, f at the ages o: four,, at six, at nine, and at (fourteen. At litis last named age he played j before the G.urt. and was recognised as die [ promising genius he soon proved himself, j The portraits of his father, mother, and * brother are here. Of such souvenirs of his | youtiita! days, and probably the most in j £ cresting, sre some compositions scored by i itis own band at that early age of five, when | be had thus far mastered music. Very carefully preserved here, with other | souvenirs of bis youthful years, are letters of | Mozart to his father beginning '"Man tres | cher pere," showing him to be then a: a dying [other things than music. Here am the I original scores of the '* Magic Plate'' and the I world-famous ''(Requiem," which he finished [as for himself but a day or two before his | deatu. Here also is rbe model of the house ; in the Wahring suburb of Vienna where lie ■ died. It is known that he jras buried in the cemetery of St. Marx at \ lenna, but of the place of bis interment alt identity was ' strangely obliterated. This was occasioned by a etorm of great violence and two days' duration. The cemetery was flooded, and remained as of mudpit appearance tor some time afterwards. When it was sought to erect a monument the spot was so question able that the municipal authorities arbitrarily selected out the best situated for the display of audi a memorial. The most notable thing in this museum is in the anatomical way. . In a glass case opoa the wail are two wax models of the human eax. One of snch represent! the ordinary ear seen ; upon ordinary mortals ; toe other one shows, the wondrous ear given by Nam re to Moz*z±,i The opening to it—the outer ear—can''to' be but a third of thesizs-at^^c-hpening to the ordinary ear._ It ij-pSars as aa oblong slit bat ap. ia^-'nl Tengih and the third of an in width. Into oar outer ears I ffe top of the thumb can be put, hut into this ear of Mozart's the little finger's top could scarcely be squeezed. Are we tq seek in this curious formation any cine to the wonderful "ear lor music" possessed by Mozart? Those who have placed these models tor oar in spection have apparently done so .to etartseeb question. To Mozart's great rival as master of harmony happened a curious circumstance connected with the ear. Beethoven was deaf for greater part of his life, and when about to be buried bis ears were surgically removed for anatomical examination. They were, however, strangely stolen from the surgeon's etndio, and their whereabouts has hitherto remained as undiscovered as is Mozart's grave. A fine day is selected by mine host of the old-fashioned inn where I am housed, for an excursion to the salt mine of Berchetagaden and the Konigsee. In this jaantof a day's duration I snail pass from Austria into Bavaria and- back again, ail as unknowingly as we cmss the equator on a sea voyage. I. should know of it probably quickly enough did 1 curry luggage, in the chaise with me, but the Cnstoms officials on the border line take so notice x>f a mere overcoat .and um brella wisely taken along, and that all re gardless of the fine morning. A succession of mountain torrents are passed on the fonr or five faonrs of driving j occupied in reaching the great aalt mine; We1 have water in some shape or other, either in j parallel stream or in bridged crossings, for nearly the whole way. By such the swollen stream of the Salzbach is to be accounted lor, as also its rapid current Starting at 8 a.m. we reach Berchetagaden by noon, to find, by the number of vehicles round about^ that we are not the only visitors. In writing in the plnral number I include a genial Ameri can and his most pleasant wife, who have come with me on this excursion. We find this salt mine to be now all of a 6hcw place, whatever it may have Been aa a mine, or may yet be in that way. A large hotel"and dressing-rooms are here, and the t be visited whether the former be latter mast so or not. We have to apparel ourselves in strange attire, and ladies have to assume a hsbit thoroughly masculine in character, add one which not all of tbem will readily adopt Of three adult sisters who are here one de clares resolutely against going now into the mine she has come so far to see. She will not pat on " those odious things," the articles alluded to being those which some ladies are, erroneously, supposed to be desirous (fignra lltivelri to vemr. Aa there i| HOicoiltKinto the mine otherwise attired, she hisustana ent of the company, who now g* 'ui a !0'3 dosen in number. The necessity for the bifurcated arrange ment, "the divided ektrt," is seen at once. YVe have-to tide astride wooden hordes, or something of-that name, down a Im- bne <;l tramway. Six of us are put u;ion eac.n " horse " cicely hoUm? e icli other around the waist in a manner compelling earne-t . protestations against any ticfcimg. Tiic <ii»e; of tramway is narrow and the motive power j < is that of gravitation. We are et.irte : br a I strong pns.i, and we progress a; an increas- i ing sperd, turning the corners jmte cleverly, j: and going on witu a momentum wn;c;t be coahs quite a rush when we ar-* hriugiit up i< at the terrains* by font miners in w aittiigitisre. j« Had anvicing in the lic.'ire oi a block or , banik occurred there w as tiothing t-' f•»'<• vent; i the second borseb.»aJ, e.'aii: »j ■i..t y l£-, hind, from scattering us as an espr.ss ttai.i , i woaid in collisiou witii a s.'o»-r one. . j The Berchetsgaden mine is qa.te an under- j ground little township, o: two hundred in- ii habitants, and a we.'.-i'ichtei one. 'ihej; narrow roadway lead*, a:ter a pj.ie or so, j to a large platz, in which a deep puol j appears all tailed arrant It has the ap-). pearance of an iminense swiniininc- bntb. | Lighted all aroond, a- it ■?, it recalls Beck-1 witb's lath at the Wefttaduster A {tiar.oni |, on an extended scale. We are to row, how- j ever, and not to swim, ar -und, and boats are { provided tor those taking sucti eiercise, while j others of as look 011 or p.v tnenade about j in lite pride of oar novel dresses. j From this first level of the mine we descend i to another at some great depth below. To | get there we see again the necessity ot the 1 divided 6kirt and oar peculiar attire- We j have to slide down au inclined pi irw—and a : very much incline! one. At the head ot it tiie miners place as in position on a sledge—a sitting position, with our legs now, instead of onr arms, atound each others' waist and our feet in each outers' lap. When all in position, the foremost cue, who has been hitherto held back by two miners, is released, and down we go. We do g '. too; and for evermore each of ns w.l; now in ,w some thing c-t the sensation ci failing, feet lure most, from a four-story window. We are caught eomeliu- at the bottom , and pat upon our feet again. An illumi nated open space appears here as before seen above, but no water is in the deep exca vation into which we go. I: is an awlul looking pit, with sides gradually receding for thirty feet upwards. Martin h.;s painted 1 a picture called " Satan in Council," the j print of which is common enough. The ! autocrat of Hades is represented enthroned | on a globe in the centre of precisely such a J pit as we are in. li s Parliament are siittng 1 around the sides of the pit, winch is terraced , for the purpose. Satan's council chamber, , so represented, is lighted much as ours is here, and the whole scene was well repro duced—"devilishly iikc-1"' as cue ci cur number suggested. From this level we are aga:u packed as before—spcoa fashion, and seat down to a similar scene ou a loner story. Tnose who have done any Canadian " tobogganing' will know exactly the sensations of these slides, by which we are pitched from one part of the mine to another. We get nsei to them after doing one or two, and take it as easily as the excursion is taken by the gravity or switch back railway, to which it is near akin. At this lower level we are taken to see the work ings of the mine, and presented with speci mens of the rock salt in all its varieties of colour, in none ot which it seems at all like salt until tried by the test of the tongue. We are banled back through the mine by a cable line, and by a circuitous route to that by which use came, but again by the same mode of the wooden boree. At the entrance or exit we are met by the inevitable plioto-; grapher, who has his rooms adjoining to the dressing ones. By the specimeus shown it is seen how much the novelty of the dress has to do with the extent oi his business, -the ladies greatly fancying their curions attire, and especially, perhaps, its lower part. We are again place! upon the wooden slide, or .an imitation of it, in the pho tographer's room, onr legs packed aronnd each other, and are pbotograpaeo as a com bination or limited company on one We "come out" so well ttiat our nJ&erjCah; lady leaves a large order ror>q«es, which will have to be j»iis»F-sfia sent alter bet. It was toijcdBtSsea, in explanation, that she fifo better advantage ri"»n the rest of tue carious looking lot, We find the advantage of the hotel now, and also of its table dkdte. Hashing about m twdergtoand workings, in a salt-impra hated air, has made ns all wolfishly hungry. But for having to dress again we should have gone to eat Before the photographing foolery, but now there was no holding ns, and the quickness of onr redressing was moat con | epicnous. The call of the inward monitor is not to-be slighted after a five hours' drive on ! the road, with a finish off of another hour in I ia salt mine. Adding the wooden bone and E tobogganing exercises for farther stimalantsJ it will be understood bow often and how ex cnsably the plates went np for replenishing. A further drive of an hour brings ns into Bavarian dominions and to the Konigsee and the end of oar day's exenrsion. This Konig, or King's Sea, is an inland lake six miles in length, surrounded by perpendicular and picturesque monntaina The extent of it is not to be seen from the end at which we stand, as projecting rocks shut oat all views beyond a mile ahead. A little village has grown op about the landing-place, and mnn. are offered for sale fashioned from deer's feet . In this way pretty bandies are made both for table and pocket knives. The lake excursion is managed by women only, who take six -passengers to a boat Hard labour doeslnot improve the appearance of womankind. It ia sad to think that all the nlce things said of them apply only to the nice-looking ones. Them was nothing in that way to be said of onr two rowers, or of the coxswain. None of the three appeared to be nnder 90 in years, and one of them had no traces of life left except in her powers of palling. It was fortunate that they spoke and understood only, all of tbem, another tongne than oars, or the remarks forced from some of us might have been thought to be rude. Oar American lady bad full play now for bet wit, and condoled with ns on onr afflicted state-dor such it was with anch boatwomen. It was u being rowed over the Styx by Charon's sisters or maiden aunta. By fnll agreement we cut short this exenr eion of an honr at the end of the first i.*ir, It was too dull work altogether after the tobogganing, the photographing, and toe dinner fun. I have an idea tost we woe not the only boatload coming to such iwiMiim with anch boatwomen. It was not a bad idea to send ns along in anch immmiit u . way of getting paidfnll price for woto bat half dona. Wtat to ere may be at toe end ofthe Konigsee will remain unknown to ns,nnd what we saw of the pictnraaana will SSL-SS WittiiSingtheiwd, coming, but not to the foil extent. A rattling t crash or two of live thunder leans along and ( reverberates among the hills by way of over- 3 tore to the coming storm. And it was a t eturm !—the rain descending in sheets. The 1 condition oi h.ilf"Jr.<wu-;d rata was as that I o; our party as ive drove op again in lite late 1 evening to the Mozart Httr of Salx'fUfg, t 1-".- m one of the upper windows of a i huuse ;n this Salzburg was 1*4 race *s us, the I famoits ie:onner in physic in the sixteenth < c-ntorv, ti:ro*n headlong and killed, fie I ha i dared to promulgate a tie* theory that 11 niiist diseases are aggressions upon thsj < eyrtero from Without, and require to be ■ treateJ by antagonistic medicine. In this : doctrine, now accepted, he was tlie precursor, < of the modern "'genu" theory, forwnich and j 1 the like he ineiirNd haired and malice and "' gji-h>red tiie rei'triner'rt fat*-. Mis house is honoured by n plate upon it, and his nionu* hi ant ay-pears in tiieCnurch of t>h Sebastian. Lty the inscription thereou his real name ap pears u> have been " i'iieophrastus." In the little Church of -St. l'eter's, in the M.-zut I'laiz, is aeen the tomb of Mozart's tvite, who sur vived her husband for SI years. As with all else in the lirzlierzag Ifote', 8 ) with the bedrooms, which arc of a bigness beyond belief. My American friend com plains that b.mseli and his wife h se each other in the va-tness of their dormitory. 1 > have none to lose but myself in m.v room, but there is a danger even of that much : among the three large b-ds—all lour-p>>sters i —trotn which 1 may c'uooee. Why three such < lug beds should be put into due room is , net easy of understanding, except to help to ; ; Gli up space,, for which reason alone many j i more might have been added. Ivtch bed j shows a strange substitute (or a quiit. it consists of tsvo counterpanes bcwii together and padded out with feathers or some each stuffing to a thickness of two ieet or 6o ot putfiness. Kven with two caudles—of church altar size—in such a wilderness of a room 1 feel alarmingly lonely, 'the candles light up but half of it, and there are awful black-covered wardrobes and a tall and white monumental like stove that give things a tunereal np pe.irance. Then i have to chocs,: a bed from among the three, and am in the dilemma ot the donkey among the trusses of bar. It requires lite aid ot :> chair to get into either of these beds, and when inside how to keep that iirobdignxgian counterpane in its place all night is quite beyond me. As 1 lie down it rises above me i<ke a night mare, eu that 1 cannot see over the apex ot the mound away to the picture beyond, the which 1 had previously noticed on the wall. Kxtinguisliing the candles is out of the question. They will have to be paid tor at trie rate ol 7b kreuczers each, and so may as well be burned, lint they must be put far out oi the way oi the falling avalanche which this bed covering will be when its f.dic noes. It w aid be impossible to attempt sleeping in the dark in such immensity oi space, and yet the candles only help to make such more visible, as they stand there like two white sheeted ghosts on the black mantelpiece. It is oi no nse ! The night is tine, and not yet midnight, so I get up, and go out and wander about in the moonlight. Salzburg looks well ia that way, and ,4 can explore it all round, as I do for an hour, in the nope of tiring myselt sufficiently to sleep. 1 get leg weary by the end of that time, and more weary by the time I hare rung up the sleep ing-porter of the old.inn, who had long since lucked me out. Just as.-i expected—that avalanche of a bed-cover is lying withe floor when I awake in the morning. touriiy old manners prevail in Salzbnrg. My hotel bill is brought to me.in an envelope, addressed with-ifie word " Wobigeboreti" m the left hand upper corner, followed, a line lower, by "Ilerr Jay jiaitch." In France it would be "A Monsieur" in the same left hand corner, before' the lower written "Monsr. Jay lfeitch." litis " Wohlgeboren " or " Wellborn," bas become debased taUs usage. It no longer implies thii-mfiCj«fson so addressed is what ou:«ngg*>ofa called a "person of quality. "Jfrcoar "esquire, ";t is now yliytjt.^cSrn very low—scattered abC£jjj3u»?tK>w, without inquiry aa to ita >»q5er applicability. My guide takes it that X am discontented with the title because i am laughing at it. He proposes to go a point higher to please me, and otiers to get -" Hoch wohlgeboren" substituted, which 1 tell him will do for next time. 