MUSICAL & THEATRICAL. The performance of tb;it interesting mixture of4- innumerable sensations " Youth," was witnessed on.. Saturday qveriing-by a bquao that, despite the vile heat, gave to)en of' its high appreciation by iiisistipg qt the conclusion of each pot upon the appearance before the drop of each and every one of the principals. In this, his latestv production, Mr. Rignold has excelled qll previous efforts in the direction of mountiug scenory and auxil iaries, and in this bianoh of the work we ' desire to ufid our commendation to the verdict of tho public. The big battle scene, which, to receive justice, demands all the skill of manager and mechanist, is capitally worked out, and a large hunk of limelight thrown on at the moment of victory brings with the shouts ot triumph an exceedingly realistic and smoky scene to a close. Wo can seo in " Youth" a long and successful career, for in the bright lexicon of the piece there is no such word 03 " bust." , To judge by tho reception and continued success of "Hands Across the Sea," it would seem as if tho high reputation which heralded its cbming amongst us is to be maintained and solidified in this city. In the earlier portion of tho piece there is bo much in the scene of- action that appeals especially to those who know what English country life is ; and the fidelity with which every small detail is observed says much for the ability of the manngenient. Than the " Harvest Hom ing" scene 'we have in our recollec tion nothing finer. Again, there _ is something so bright an<|- refreshing in the scene representing- the deck of an ocean steamer, and so capitally is the representation contrived, that we were broken up by an apoplectic elderly party located near us, remarking audibly to her daughter. " Mv dear, do .vou know I feel positively Beasiok." Well, when it's like that 'the picture must he pretty faith ful. As a display of stago mechanism, there is much in " Hands" that is marvel lously clever, and to everybody concerned in the working of those splendid changes much kudos is due. In view of the certainty of a long run for " Hands," we will go Blow, for in course of the many weeks of its season yet to come we shall have opportunities of further remarking upon the various points principally to be noticed in connection with its production. The performance of " Hans the Boat man," 'at the Criterion, on Saturday evening, was witnessed by a full house, and the frequent indications of delight manifested by the audience plainly showed that the story of "Hans" is going to be a very popular theme for even ings amusement for weeks to come. A noticeable feature in the work is the very beantiful scenery, upon which so much praise has been bestowed, and of which Messrs. Spong and assistants have so much reason to be proud. The last picture of the lake, with the snow-capped peaks of the Adirondacks in tho rearground, iB a thing of great beauty and artistic excellence. It is unlikely that Sydney audiences will weary of Hans and Co. for a. long, long Despite the promise of a damp after noon and the felling of a gentle rain, the patrons of tho Botany Sunday Concert turned out in numbers, and by the hour of commencement Mr. Frank Smith's splen did pavilion was as usual filled to the doors. The charming gardens that stretch away down towards the water's edge, are just; now looking) delightful in their summer garb of floral beauty, and at every turn the eye is gladdened by a view of green lawns, verdant slopes, luxurious foliage and lovely flowers. Amongst these beauties of nature the visitor may wander for an hour or so in the enjoyment of them, or if he be a lover of manic he may have it m plenty and of excellent quality in the pavilion. Yesterday themumbers of Mr. Frank Smith's company united in providing the visitors with a programme ofifirst-rate items, rendered in a capable and artistic manner, and all for tho moderate ont'ay of one shilling, which, added to the expense of the trip out and back, bringa the cost of a really pleasant afternoon to one florin, and we do not thinlc it can be done more reasonably anywhere. Yesterday's concert, like its predecessors at this place, was particularly enjoyable, the following artists contribut ing to tho general good result : — Messrs. Frank Walton, Barrington, Ryan, Spencer, Hazehvood, and Mesdames Florence Ne ville, Amie Blackie, Lorrio St. George, . Bertha Faning, and Marie Mackay. Mr. Lockhead may be congratulated on having nnder his control so eilicient an orchestra, which helped considerably by playing several popular selections to make the atfcernoon pass enjoyablv. We wore in duced to try the get-back railway as a means of deriving amusement, and _ wo came away stulfcd with joy and resolutions for future rides. To-night Mr. Frank Brewer has arranged for a musical treat to be given to the inmates of the Convent of St. Vincent, "Victoria-street. Several of the Sydney Liedertafel members will assist the soloist, including Miss Moon, Mrs. Riley, Mr._ F. Brewer, and several well-known aud kind artists. Mr. Frank Lincoln still goes on like the proverbial brook, and still as he goes men come— -but theyidon't go until the National Anthem reminds them that the air outside is ever so much cooler and more balaiy. - Still they ".long to go, yet linger." It is a great wonder to ns how the girls of Sydnoy : ever let that gentleman go oil the stage quietly, or even at all, he is such a duck, . and oh, so nice ! Yum. I heard two ladies saying so only the other night. In Bpite of a change of programme, F. M, Clark's AH Star Combination showed to moderate business on Saturday night at the Academy of Music ; why, it is hard to understand, as the intrinsic merit of the entertainment should secure ib a full share of public patronage. The probability iB that, this class of amusoinent being nearly always with us, the theatre-going public are just now devoting their attention to . the "grand spectacular" a3 more in con sonance with the period of the year. In the first part the vocal eifortB of Mr. Chas. Palmer, Mr. Tom Hol land, Miss Laura Roberts, and Miss Dora de Vere were very acceptable, .and it is almost unnecessary to say that when Will. Whitburn and Oscar Smith get their turn at the corners the audience have a very lively time. Tho finalo to the first part was one of Whitburn's original funni- ments, entitled " Down for the Holidays," and brought the curtain down to screams of laughter. Following the interval came Sylvo, who was more wonderful than ever in his balancing feats; E. A. Glover in a little entertainment of his own, and those wonders in human nature, the Donaldson Brothers,' .These were succeeded by Whit burn as the fat, funny little fellow, a song by Alf. , Lantley, Miss Laura Roberts, who charmed her hearers in a serio-comic illus tration, and then Mr. Oscar Smith intro duced liia " Half-way" finale, which appro priately brought an evening's howling amusement to a close. The present pro-, gramme will be repeated during the weok, gWI11|nnMrannrirTTTB'«BUllMI | a and as this is the last week ef the present season 'those who waut some good fun for their money , should take a loqk iu at the Stars, prior tg> their departure. ' Iii the Opera Houtfc on Saturday, night ' Mr. Miln repeated that performance of ' Hamlet" iu which hd created so favour able an. impression during his late season at Her Majesty's. On that oocasion we had .to speak iu terms of warm commenda tion of Mr. Miln's representation of the character, anefwhat w.esaid then we oan but repeat now. At the same time we doubt whether his' departure from the generally accepted text in one or two trifling instances can be regarded as an improvement. Mr. J. "P. West mado( Claudius what he probably was-14 coarse, , seifish,' sensual, and even brutal, but a ' king withal, with his grosser qualities hidden beneath a thin veneer of tho outward dignity and refinement of court life. Mr, J. B. Athol- wood was a very fair Horatio, and Mr. A. E. Greenaway a commendable Laertes, but Mr. R. Grevillewas much more effective as . the First Grave-digger than he was as the Ghost. The Ophelia of Miss Maggie Knight was marked by a graceful bearing, pretty costumes, and evidently careful study, but there was an occasional tendency to 'listlossncss which seemed to mar what was otherwise a very satisfactory performance. Miss Kate Douglas, as . G.ertrnde, had . a part which was in every way suited to her. In the great closet scene, where Hamlet brings his terrible accusations against the Queen, she rose to a high degree of tragic power, and for a time the acene was almost painful in its realism. The other characters do not call for special mention. The scenis arrangements were similar to those at the former representation of the play, except for some alterations which were necessitated by the more limited stage area. "Hamlet" will be repeated to-night. If you cannot get to the Alliambra Music Hall before 8 o'clock, it is no use going at all, as there's sure to be- no room. Every night since the Christmas pantomime has been running numbers have been turned away from the doors, while others, rather than not see the show, have been content- to stand throughout the evening. But it is worth the inconvenience ; one is repaid by the capital music and a good, hearty laugh. Each week the same things have to be said of the entertainment provided by Frank Smith's favourite music hall. It iB a really first-class entertainment — that's all that can be said. But everybody kndws this, or night after night the building would not be crammed to a suffocating pitch. The trouble of squeezing into the' building, and the crowded state of the hall, are not thought of ; people are willing to put up with it. They want to see the show, and they will put up with any amount of inconvenience to see it. The Tyrolean warblers warblo »s sweetly as ever. They render some capital songs, both comic and sentimental, and receive the applause to which they are fully en titled. The pantomime is very funny, and hundreds come away with aching sides. The transformation is really good, and calls forth loud applause. It is unnecessary to tell people to go and see the show, for everybody will go. At the invitation of their president (Sir Patrick Jennings) and their vice- president (Mr. Sydney Burdekin, M.L.A.), the performing members of the Sydney Liedertafel bad a thoroughly enthusiastic and most enjoy&blo; outing down the har bour on Saturday afternoon. Shortly after 1.30 the guests were invited to proceed on board the Alathea, and when one put his foot upon deck a very agreeable surprise awaited him in the shape of a small appetiser. It was then noticeable that tho strength of the company was not nnder 100 right jolly good fellows. The arrangements were most elaborate and complete. In the first place the Alathea wub trans formed into a .dining car, and the com pany transhipped into the Bunya Bunya, which was pro tem. the drawing-room, concert-room, and refreshment bar, all in one glorious combination. Meanwhile the alathea, with all her freight, of appetising eatableB and good things, hastened to her destination in Bantry Bay at Middle Harbour, and lay to. The Bunya Bunya took the most onjoyable course, and a trip round the harbour sufficed to whet the edge of the epicures aboard. Prior to leaving the Alathea, a pianoforte was transhipped, and every one aboard knew that a good time was in store. Amongst the guest 3 were Mr. W. J. Trickett, M.L.C. (President Metropolitan Liedertafel), Mr. Ashcvoft Edwards . (Conductor Metropolitan Liedertafel), Mr. Fraser (Vice-President of the Philhar monic Society), Mr. Churchill Otton (Orpheus Club), Mr. Sydney Dickenson, Mr. A. J. Riley, M.L.A., Mr. W. H. Trail), Mons. Horace Poussard, and Mr. W. H. Paling. En route to their destination, several of the more beautiful of the part songs of the society's repertoire were given by the members under Mr. Delauoy, and then Mr. A. Edwards wielded the baton as in days of old ; and, for auld acquaint ance, Mr, J. "VValeott sang splendidly "The Skipper." The Alathea, meirawhilo, hid been transformed into a supper-room or banquet-hall, where luncheon was served in the excellent style of Mr. Baumann. The guests, glancing nt tho toast list, were for the most part exceedingly pleased to find that "The Queen " and " The Governor" were the only two. Oh, felso security ! for even the promoters could not restrain their inclination to tell what right good fellows some of the company were. Luncheon hein finished, Sir Patrick rose and gave the- lir3t toast, " The Queen," which was drunk with enthusiasm, and the chorus sang heartily. Tho toust of "The Governor" was proposed by Sir Patrick Jennings, who stated that hid Excellency had recognised and patronised every' musical venture that was worthy. He also stated that his Excellency was retiring from tho vice-regal position two years henee, or a year before his term ot office expires. The Governor's healch was enthusiastically drnnk, and the sock-ly gave Kiickcn's "Loyal Song," from the Chickering Collection. The toast list proper being finished, it was but natural to go straight along, especially as tho pre sident and vice-president merited sonic consideration in the toast- making, Au ex tension of timo was, therefore, sought, and the following toasts were duly honoured : — " The President and Vice- president," " T'lie Conductors of the S. and M. L. (Mr. J. A. Delanoy and Mr. A Edwards)," "The Hon. Secretary (Mr. A. E,' Harper)," "The Press" "Tho Visitors" and "The Ladies." After this the home ward course was shaped, tea and coft'eo being served on board the Buuya fiuuya. Songs and mirth, likewise debates in ro "The National Policy," occupied tho time of tho returning excursionists 'until Farm Cove was reached, and, with a fixed determination to serenade tho Rue- sian -man-o'- war with a name calculated to make every Engjisli-speakiug man t-neege and bend double, " Spin Spin," " Tars'SSong," "O, Carissima," and the Russisn National Anthem were launched out upon the evening breeze by willing PMB- ""MCttiaaagiamcr-a-Tw.mfir.iTiatti'cri-nKaTijprraiaia.ai hroat8, every man vieing with each ether as to who should send along tho words of each item in pure English to the Russian sailor for'ard. or the Russian officer in gold lace aft. The Russians, however, '.stood the ordeal excellently, and, thank heavens, kept their guns silent. Apparently they were delighted, as tho deck and every available spot of vantage was soon crowded. The English gunboat was not altogether left unnoticed. It was certainly a very suggestive picture of the arts of war applied to peace to see the foreign sailors crowding on deck, mile3 from their native land and amongst a foreign power, to catch a fleeting Bound of their national hymn. This was a mo3t befitting and happy conclusion of the society's seventh year, and we may justly claim that such good results will attend this method of hospitable enter taining. The society may feel justly proud in the knowledge that their president and vice - president have not only demonstrated infinite interest in the musical attainments and snocess of their society musically, but now we find them dispensing hospitality to the mem bers and friends of the society, and, work ing for that grand result, the close binding in ties of friendship not only those of. the society over which they preside, but also those of kindred societies. IVe trust that the good work so nobly initiated by these munificent gentlemen will he carried farther by the members themselves, to whom must bo left not an inconsiderable option in this now friendship. We wish the society a very happy and successful " New Year." 