'Wharf Street Congrega tionalists. ? ; ? The anniversary services at the W harf1 street i Congregational Church took place yesterday. In the morning the sermon was preached 'by 'the Ktv. Henry Youngmiin, of Albert street Wesleya'n 'Church. ; His disconrso was' ba»ed ou tho wordi, 'Tor His Mike,' and thonhle sermon he duavered was received by tho crowded dongH-gation present with miirWed attmitiou. ?' iSermon by Rev. Vf. Watts. ? ' ijiioi. evening mo a.iw». vy . »v . vraiu9.oil.llo Hilton Congregational Church, conducbid'the tufivice; There was a large congregation. The rev. gentleman choRii for his text soveriil verses from 'tlio 28tli chapter of St. Luke, be ginning at the 1 8tli verso, 'And Jesus oaioe and spake with them, saying. All power liatli been given unto Me in heaven and on oarth ; go ye, therefore, and make disciples of all nations,' boptioing them, iu tho ? nuinn of the 3?ather,andofthoSou,audoftheHoly Ghost, and. teaching them to obaerveall thiugs whatsoovor I have coramuiided you, and 16 ! I am with you , alway, even unto the end of the world.' The pri iiulier said ;.t. was hia intention to speak on the ?' Mibxion of -Christianity.' The subjeot w;as ?weU- worni but Christians wtre in danger of Kinking into a semi-complacent oouditiou, aud they needed to bo continually reminded as to then- duty, und he thought the present a fitting ( time to bring tho subject boforo them.' He ?wue thankful to say that Christian churches . -were spread upon ulmost all lands, and i- the followers of Christ could be counted by the million. ChriBtiunity wus ex eioising an inilueuce upon indiriduul life, upon tocial oustoms, and on political institu tion.*. ? The text oarried them buok to the germ of tho Christian movement, whoii ii handful 'of mea was omimnnded to go into the world und preach tlio gospel their master had taught them, and who were ready to obey his com mand, not knowing what the conns- ! qtfbntfen mi)»ht bo:. Tho first point he ?would' notiie wai Christ's authority. He claimed to have all authority ill heaven and onUeartli. :In 8t. 'John's gospel He said;: . 'ylrhaVe power'to lay down My life, and I have power- to take it again,' and if Christ had all yower it was-thelr duty to oboy Ilis commands, and to dp His will. Tho next point was tho 'jiJu-jon.- To* the disciples ho said: *' Go ye,' which .had a ring of urgonoy about1 ? ity tina- the 'disbipleB went to persecution sad. some of' them to death. He thought thnir hearts ought to bo drawn out- towards tho braver men, who had sacrificed eo much, and should Btrivo to emulute them by Walking in their-1oot»teps. The men wortf to'g6 und' make -dimples of all- nations. --It - wai u unit oisal commission, embracing all men every ?while. Die message- was Just as true uni urgent to-day aswhon delivered to tho apostlos. Thoy -wero ablo to rojoioo over heroes likb Livingstone and Moffut, who had done a great dial in fulfilling this great command. 8aoh uiMi wero missionaries in the truost and noblest sense of tho word. Tho world has had its heiot-s, men who have done grand service iu th * world ; but ho would ask, wero tho followers of the Cluster doing their duty in rospect to this commission ? In England, (or every £1(1 -ptnt in mission work, £1,000 wero spont in ?mosioating drinks. Tho question was whether tqev were spreading tho gospol with sufficien'. enthusiasm. He thou/ht thero was too much selfishness in the churohes. It was not their church but Christ's. They wero to mako disciples by moral suasion, and by a practical exhibition of what religion really was, in their every duy 'liven. Nations wero to bo made die.iplfK by molting dcciples of individuals. Men wero not to be saved in tho muss, but rather as units: That was tho Mnstcr'sjini thod, and he thought it cummendcd itself. A nation fcould not bo made Christian by Act of Parliament. If a natioti is to be made Chrittian it is by tho moral influence of tlio gos; el upon tho individuals of that nation. Vi'hs thoro any need for churches in the wi rid to. duy, or wus their workdono? Was thereno room for Christianity iu politics, in business, in tho streets. Grout as the success had been in tho .pust ho thought thut overv department of life- needed the influence of the gospel to purify and raise it. This is an age of mateiialism, when inon aro engrossed in cares ;and anxieties of business* activity and commercial speculation; Mr. Watts urged upou the churches to bo up und doing to bring in tlio wanderers to work, in tho name of tlx ir Master, till tho hack of sin was broken, and tho great commission was fulfillod. Tho rev. gentleman concluded by reminding his hcurers that tho gospc-l is a message of forgive ness and salvation for all who will roocivo if. Tho anniversary tea will bo held on Wednes day, in tho Protestant Hall. 