CHAPTER XXXV.-AFTER THE WRECK. It was now 110 longer a question with the Brandons of leaving Whiteshinglea forthwith. The wreck seemed to have dissipated Evelyn's forebodings, and given a new color to her thoughts. She was deeply gratified by the part which had been played by her husband, and the praises of his intrepidity which everybody was sounding, were very pleasing to her, "Dear George !" she said, putting her arms round his neck and looking at him with beaming eyes. " Dear, dear George ! Heaven Is very good to us. If I could have asked for anything more it would have been this : that before our honey moon was well over you should save a human life. The risk was terrible-it makes me shudder to think of it-but the reward is great." " To be so thanked, I would risk ten times as much everyday," said George, returning her caress. " And the risk was nothing to speak of, after all. I was fastened to a rope, you know. Lucky the poor fellow knocked against me, wasn't it?" " Something more than lucky, darling," returned Evelyn, gravely. "Say rather, providential." "Providential, then. I think *"lucky' expresses my meaning better, though. Wouldn't it have been equally the doing of Providence if he had been drowned? When shall we continue our journey south ?" " That is for you to decide. I am in no hurry." " Well, I should like to stay until this sailor fellow is well enough to go away. 1 hat will be Friday, the doctor thinks. I want to do something for him -the sailor I mean, not the doctor." "I should like to see your sailor. Do you know his name ?" " Isaac Roper. Yon can see him, of course, whenever you like. But you had perhaps better wait a day or two. He needs rest, the doctor says-and he takes it-sleeps nearly all his time. Besides, he is not presentable. He came ashore almost as naked as he came into the world. I have ordered him another rig out. Suppose you see him on Friday he will be up and clothed then-and we will leave the day after ?" " As you like, dear George. Yes, let it be so. The weather seems to be taking up, and we may spend two or three days here very agreeably." In the meantime George had several talks J will Isaac Roper, who seemed sincerely | and almost abjectly grateful for his ) rescuer's kindness. The ship he had belonged to, the A ram in ta, hailed from Liverpool and was bound for New York. To complete her cargo she had to call at Belfast, and was on her way thither when she was driven out of her course and wrecked on the Horse Bank. " Bad seamanship and drunkenness were the cause," said Roper. "Most of the crew were drunk when they came on board at Liverpool, and the captain was three sheets in the wind when we struck. It was him that ordered the boat to be lowered." " A most foolish proceeding. A pity he was not in her himself." ! "He was, and got drowned for his stupidity, and worse, d n him. He caused the loss of those three poor fellows! liveB, and I had a narrow squeak for mine." Despite Roper's roughness and bad grammar, it seemed to George that his language and manners were not exactly those of a common sailor, but the man's antecedents were no business of his, and when the doctor pronounced him convales cent George gave him a new kit to replace the one he had lost, and five pounds to help him on his way. The sailor was deeply moved, but George put a rather peremptory stop to his ex pressions of gratitude by asking him to Btep into the Kelson. "My wife would like to see you before you leave," he said. "When would you like to start ?" " To-night, with your permission, kind Bir, The sooner I get back to Liverpool the better. The owners of the Araminta will, maybe, find me a berth on one of their other ships." '' This is the seaman who was so nearly drowned and badly hurt-Isaac Roper," said George, as he led the way into the sitting-room. Cn this, Evelyn, who had been sitting at the bay window watching the sun a3 he sank majestically into the purple sea, rose from her chair and cam3 towards them. " I am very glad " she began. Then she stopped short with a gasp, turned as white as a sheet, and she and the sailor (who was in the act of making a bow and a scrape) stared at each other as if both had seen a ghost. "iBaac Roper! Isaac Roper!" cried Evelyn. "No! It is Wilton Con roy." " Evelyn Waters ! My " " No ! no ! no ! I am not your wife, Wilton Conroy !" exclaimed Evelyn, j springing forward as if she would strike him. "I am not your wife; I am this gentleman's-I am George Brandon's wife, and will be his till death, death- " Here she stopped short again, and fell fainting into George's arms. He carried her to the door, and called for Ali. Ali came. "Watch this man," he said, "and for your life do not let him go until I re turn." Then he bore Evelyn to her room. George was not the sort of man who fools because a woman faint3. He laid her on her bed, applied restoratives, and. in a few minutes she came to herself. "You are still with me! Oh, thank heaven !" she sobbed. " Don't, don't leave me." " Only for a short time. But are you sure you are not mistaken. Is that man really Wilton Conroy ?" "Oh, Giorge, I am not mistaken. I was only too sure. And did you not see that he recognised me ?" "If I had known that he might have perished a thousand times before 1 would have raised a finger to rescue him. I will have a few words with him and then come back to you." " But, George dear," she exclaimed fearfully, taking both his hands in hers. "George, dear, yon are not going t- i "What?" j " Kill him." "He deserves it." j "But you won't. For my sake, for Christ's sake. He is bad, very bad. Bat j you won't imperil your soul; you won't stain your hands Leave him to I God Promise ! Promise! I won't let you go." And she clung passionately to him, her eyes flowing with tears, her voice broken with sobs. i George lovingly and gently loosed her hands. " Don'c fear !'' he said. " I ntvtr yet killed a man except in fair light, and you may be sure I shall do no thing ot what a man who has worn the Queen's uniform need be ashamed. You must let me go now. I shall be back pre sently." When George returned to the Nelson he saw at once the Conroy had been try ing to get away. The Indian had his 1 nife drawn, and the other was standing opposite to him and near the door, in an altitude half-threatening, half- imploring. " Go outside, Ali, and wait till I call," said his master. "And now, Mr. Conroy, for that appears to be your right name," he said, addressing the soi disant seaman, " I want a little explanation. You were sentenced some five years sgo to fifteen years' penal servitude for a series of felonies. A little more than three montliB since you were reported to have died at Portland, and now you turn up as iBaac Roper and call y( uieelf a sailor. What does it all mean ? No hesitating, please, make a clean breast of it at once, or I will send for the police end give you in charge as an escaped con vict. What does it mean, I say ?" "You need not threaten," answered Ctnioy sullenly. " I will tell you with out. But you have a righb to know. After my trial and conviction I was sent with a lot more first to Newgate, then to Millbank, lastly to Dartmoor. Just be fore we were turned over to the wardera who conveyed ub to Dartmoor I contrived to change identities with a fellow prisoner. Jt is a thine not easily done, but it is done. The man I exchanged with was called Isaac Roper, a professional thief, who was in for five years, and spent more time in gaol than out of it, and when he got out did not expect to be more than a few weeks at liberty. Well, for a considera tion-I got something done for him through a friend-he agreed to take my name and lend me his. The chances were, of course, very much against the thing going through, but it did, for, aa it hap pened, we were nob very unlike. -So at Dartmoor I became Isaac Roper, in for five years; he "NVilton Conroy, in for fifteen. He died a short time since-about the same time that I, having got Bome good marks, was released on a ticket-of-leave a few months before my time. " As Isaac Roper had been convicted at Liverpool I was sent there to be dia charged and turned adrift, with a suit of shoddy clothes on my back and a few shillings, which I had earned at Dart moor, in my pocket. "What was I to do? I durst not for the life of me make myself known. All my friends but one-and he waa in Ame rica-thought I was dead. There wa3 not a soul to whom I could appeal without risking recognition. I waa bound to get out of the country at all hazards, and then it occurred to me that aa I knew a good deal about boating, and used to sail my own yacht, the best thing I could do would be to work my passage out bo Ame rica as an ordinary seaman. So for my shoddy suit and the greater part of my money I got a second-hand sailor's rig out, and then got a berth on board the Ara minta. Yon know the rest." y Yes, I know the rest," replied George grimly, " and I wbh it had been a very different rest. I wish I had never come here and that you had either carried out your intention of going to America, or been drowned the other day in the breakers." " I understand," said Conroy inso lently ; "you have married Evelyn " "Stop! How dare you speak of my wife as Evelyn ? You have forfeited every claim to consideration or respect. Miss Waters and I married when we heard you were dead, not before.'' "Don't let that trouble you, Mr. Brandon. We can easily square 'that little difficulty. There is nothing I want so much as to get out of the country. Give me a little money to start with on the other Bide-say a thousand pounds and you will never see me or hear of me sgain, and nobody shall know I am alive." "You scoundrel! Why yon are a greater cad than I thought you. Give you a thousand pounds ! Is it not enough that I saved your life ? Not a thousand farthings. And, look here ! If you are not gone to-morrow morning I will tell the police who you.are. You have money in your pocket. There is a train to Liver pool to-night." With that George turned on his heel and left the room. At the door he found All. " Let him go where he will," he said. Then he went to poor Evelyn. She was in a state of excitement bo intense that he almost feared for her reaEon. One moment she would twine her arms round his neck and declare that she would never, never leave him, that nothing but death should part them. Then ahe would say that Bhe was a wicked woman, that they were living in sin, that she muat go, go at once-go where she could hide her shame and nobody knew that she was married to two men. It wa3 quite im possible to discuss the question on its merits or think whatr they should do. George watched by her the night through, consoling and comforting her as best he could. An hour or two before dawn she fell asleep, and though unutterably wretched, he. was. so exhausted by the emotion he had undergone that after a while he slept too. When he awoke the sun was shining brightly, yet Evelyn still slept. He looked at his watch. It was past 10 o'clojk, George rose and went into his dressing room (he had lain down with hia clothes on). The matutinal tea was there, qaite cold. Ali had doubtless brought it at daybreak, and his knock had failed to wake him. Then, with mind so pre occupied that he scarcely knew what he was doing, he slipped into the corridor, and at the same time Bagshaw passed with a tray. " Oh, Mr. Brandon, how you frightened me," exclaimed the butler, letting the tray fall with a crash and looking terriblv Beared. " What the mischief-why should you be frightened %" " Oh dear. You have not heard then ?" "1 have heard nothing-only just got up. What is the matter ?" " Matter ? Murder's the matter. That sailor you rescued, Isaac Roper, wa3 murdered near the station some time last night. They found his dead body lying there this morning- throat cut from ear to ear." "Roper murdered?" gasped George reeling against the wall. "Impossible. "5 ou rave, man." " No, Mr. Brandon, I don't rave, 1 only wish I did. The terrible news is only too true. If you don't believe me go and ask the police." " I will." And without another word George put on his hat and went straight to the police office. ^ The sharp walk and the fresh air soothed his nerves and restored hia presence of mind, and he managed to talk to the in spector on duty without showing more emotion than was natural in the circura Btances. As Bagehaw had said, « the terrible news was only too true." Conroy had been murdered, but by a stab between the shoulders; not by having his throat cut. "Somebody must have crept after the poor chap in the dark," said the inspector, " as he was on his way to the station, and taken him unawares, The strangest part of the affair i3 that he does not appear to have been robbed. Anyhow, there wa3 nearly five pounds in his'pocket. I sup pose the villain that did it heard somebody comir g, and was too frightened to finish his work. But we are making every effort. I think we have a clue already." " Of course, and if you find anything out I shall be gl&d; if you will let me know at once. I thought of going away to-day, but I shall not go until after the inquest. The coroner may possibly like to have my evidence, though 1 don't think it is likely to throw any light on the affair. A\ hen will the inquest be held, do you suppose ?" " Probably on Monday." "Very well. I will wait until Tues day." After a little further conversation with the inspector George went back to Bagot's. He found Evelyn awake, but looking as wretchedly ill and woebegone as the day before she had looked radiant and happy. " I was beginning to fear you had left me," she said, with a painfully pathetic smile that went to his heart. "Why should I leave you," he asked, sitting down beside her. "Never, while I live will I leave you." " But you must, must not you ? Or I must leave you. It is not right. But I cannot think. My head is in a whirl. You must think for us both, darling. Bat about one thing I am quite clear. We must submit to God's will and do right, whatever it costs." "I quite agree with you, and it is righb for Uf. to remain together. The man is no longer your husband, even in the eye of the law. "How can that be, George? Am I not married to him, and does" not every body eay that themarringewas quitelegal ?" l£So ifc was, Evelyn. But the marriage has been dissolved. Conroy is dead." | "Oh, George, do not trifle with me." ! "I am not trifling with you." And then he told her about the murder. "It seems all a dream ; I cannot realise it," she murmured. " What, what ! Do you think" - sinking her voice to a I frightened whisper- "is it not possible they may suspect-suspect youV" " It is not possible. I left Conroy in our sitting-room last night at G o'clock, came here to you and stayed with you till 10 o'clock this morning. Besides, who could possibly suspect me of taking the life of the man whose life I saved only the other day ? All the same, 1 am not hypocrite enough to pretend to regret his death. "You said that my saving his life was providential. Try and think that his death is equally so. At any rat9, neither of us is in any way resoonsible for It." "You are right, George. What shall we do, then?" "Stay here nntil the inquest is over; then go back to Scotland and get married over again. We can do it in such a way that nobody will be the wiser, yet be able to prove the second marriage if the first should ever be called iu question. ***** * When AH heard that his master was returning to Scotland, he said that ha should like to return to Bombay. " Why ?" aaked Gtorge. "It is so cold," said the Indian with a shiver, and the English climate does not agree with me. I think it would be good for my health to go to Bombay for a while. But I will come to the sahib again." " Perhaps you are right, Ali The climate here might not agree with you this winter, and it would be a pity for you to be ill. Yet I shall be sorry to part with you. You saved my life, and you have served me faithfully and svell, almost too well, some would think. I will pay your passage out, of course, and your wages will be continued just as if you were with me. As for myself I am not sure that, escept in one respect, my visit to England has been quite a success. The climate, as you say, is cold, and life is hard. I dareBay nest year will see me back in India." And then they parted. Ali went away in good spirits, for according to his ideas he had done neither more nor les3 than his duty, and he knew that he should soon see his master again. THE END. 