Tm Sands of Couras*. General Horace Porter contributes an! ^article to the -' Outory ' on ' Hie Ehil 'OROpliy of Oarage,' from whiuh we quote as ifollows-— ' Indifference to danger is not always t3ie ?form of courage which should entitle its pos sessor te the hicbest etwiit. It is a negative virtue as -compared whrth tlie quality which ?enables 'one to perform a dangerous duty -while realising the full measupe of the peril ?encountered. ?' These two traits are test illustrated by ttne'dld;fltory of the two soldiers whose regi ment whs charging up a hill in a desperate Attempt to capture » battery. When half way up, one of them turned te tlie etherand :said ; * Why, yeiTre as pate as a sheet ; you look lite a ghost ; E believe you're afraid.' ' Yes, I am,1 was the answer ; ' and if you -were half as atuch afraid as 1 imyotfd have run B»»g ago.' It is ssmething 'higher than jriiyneu courage, it is a species of moral ?conrasa, which recognises the -dancer and yet wermastera tlie sease of fear. When the famoas mine in front of Petersburg had been «enplntnl, aad the National troops drawn vp ready to charge the enemy's works -as ?soon «s tihe mine bad done its work in creating -a. 'breadb, -£he signal was given just before daylight, «he faee was lighted, and ?the 'cpmiDandercteed waiting wifeh intense anxiety for the explosion which was to follow. But second*, then minutes, then tens of ?xnziiTA.. (»Gsed,»nA stiJl nosoonfl from tjie '?.'.'.::?. 'ri suspense 'became painful, and .'in' glo-m of disappointment overspread the . ' rrnjllirrn of officers and 'men. The fase : .'! ; - -r. spiioed about midway. It was now -'i:;:nL rnBre was a oeiecx m wm spmce^ aoa . ? \\. -!.i -..i^this point tint die fuie was sang-' \- fira-^-fche day wasVeatmg, tfce enemy was becoming alert at sight of onr omnasked ?columns, there was not a. moment to be lost. Lieutenant Doufjhtly and Sergeant Bees, of the Forty-eighth Pemnsylvania In iantry, now volunteered to examine the fuse. They -entered a long dart R»ll«ry which led to the mine, and wtlfcoat stooping to calca Sate the chanoesof life, oJmry exposed them setwestoone of (he «ost horrible forms nf dea*. Witino excitement to lead them its intoxication, with nothing to divert their uindB from the fate which seemed to await them, they followed the course of the Case through the long subterranean passage, found the defect «t which the spark had been arrested, sao1 made a new spfice. On their reftntm fl» Matoli was again *].plied, and tlie traia vaaaow prompt to A- ifcsdeaolly work. Tbess awn display ed even* liighsr order of courage than those who afterwards charged into the breach.' Earl Lacan, the officer who misunderstood Iiord Raglan's orders-mt the bfttUe of Bala kalavj^ and caAHBtFt&B; heroic bnt fatal charge of the'Kght Brigade, has just died *ged 88. - - 