Swansea, Lake Macquarie Entrance A most enjoyable evening's entertainment was given in Talbot Hall, on Friday, by' the Swansea Amateur Minstrel Troupe. About two months ago this troupe was formed, chielly by the crew of the Government dredge, Minos, but on account of several of its members being transferred to other parts the troupe became slightly disorganised. They, however, carried out the following programme in a most creditable manner, promising well for the future. The troupe comprises the following gentlemen :-Inter-' locutor and general manager, Mr. J. C. Davies; bones, Mr. A. T. Oswin; tambo, Mr. W. Harding. Chairs: Messrs. R. F. Talbot, J. E. Dedman, A. Anderson, .T. Mallett, J. Loutet, W. King, T. Tyrrell. Pro gramme: Oveerture, "Prince. Impeiials;" opening chorus, "Strike, boys, trike,' 'the' troupe'; song, " My Nellie's blue eyes,',' R. F. Talbot; song and chorus, "Climbing up the golden stairs," W. Harding; song.and chorus, " America's emblem, the Violet," J. E. Dedman; song and chorus, "Razors in the air," A. T. Oswin; song, "Together we wandered by the river," A. Anderson ; song iAnd chorus, "Little sister's gone to sleep," J. Mallett. A most amusing little episode, entitled " The Ghost," concluded this portion of the entertainment; after which Mr. D. A. Talbot played a'selection of old Scottish airs upon the violin, which proved a real treat to to those hailing from " The Land o' Cakes." Mr. C. A. Bydder then gave a song in char actor; entitled " Far, far away," with banjo accompaniment. The next part of the enter taininent was an. amusing farce, entitled, "Dramatic Talent." This was placed on the boards in a most creditable mnanner, bringing to light the latent talent of our nautical friends. Theatrical Manager, in want of talent, Mr. A. T. Oswin; Sam, the manager's factotum and "chucker-out," J. C. Davies; Patsy Boliver, the acrobat, Mr. W. Harding; Walking Gentleman, 'Mr. W. King; Prima Donna, Blcek Swan, Mr. J. Loutet; German Songster, Mr. R. F. Talbot; Tragedian, Mr. T.. E. Dedman; Cornetist, DMr. T. Terrell; Violinist, Mr. R. F. Talbot. "The March of the Mulligan Guards," concluded this side splitting -.production. The immitable 'Sam then gave one of his favourite break-downs,' which simply brought the house down. :A vote of thanlks having been accorded the troupe, especially to Mr. D. H. Talbot, for his excellent performance on the violin. Mir. Oswin, in replying, stated that this being their first performance, hle hoped any little deficiency would be overlooked ; that they were-all working men, and most of the> proceeds of the entertainment would havo to go towards defraying the expenses of -costumes and 'other' properties plurchased for the use of the troupe, but in the future they would always be willing to give their services to any charitable object. Dancing till 3 in the morning concluded this really enjoyable entertainment. 