Death in a Golden Shaft. . BYB.L FABJEOX i Among my lew friends aad many acquain- ' fauces on die goldfield* w»s a man of the n&meblllickl;'aterson. My impression was , that tiie Same' was assumed, and that he hut passed through some land of trouble at : home in the old country. In those days i ^'^flrinrl ' #aaf *hrt ys eppken of by the gold sninen .as *' home ' and ** the old country/' and always in tones of affection. ' I&eS; Rick Paterson, and he Eked me. J. ? was a xnungafter then, almost a boy, and 1 1 tSSHf^ie-wka drawn to me because I was ' «Ml*»«a»BrBf afew booke— Shakespeare, i Oraian, Shelley, Pope. «nd otters. Hie age, ? I should judge, would be between thirty and ' thirty-fire, and it was evident that he bid j mov,ejl itrgopd society in England. We all looked upon him as a bit of a fl*eU, though ! he wasjthe last nan in the world to give hjmnalf airs, j It is necessary to mention that*t that ! time I was what was called 'a. gentleman ' gold digger.' Topog as I was, I had made I a little money, and was spending it in pros ryqrjng tot a golden net. I employed two ) men, one of whom, Tom, a Welshman, I in- ? trodnced into my firet novel, ' Grif.' i T^efivpd, of coarse, in tent*, and a jolly Iits'tt twas. My .money was ranitbing fgwUdj, bat that gave me no concern. I was young ; I was bubbling over with ani mal ?pints; I was confident of the future. 1 Ko double and feats, springing from faint- j heartedness, oppressed me. ' 1 was leading ; a life of freedom and xdrcntoreisjiiiew and j wonderful world. { ~lty tent was pitched on the top of a I range, where mj men and I were following ! in£o the bowels of the earth a ?' spur,' in j wiucfi, orncn we firet spotted it, we found a j speck or two of gold. This 'spur.' which] was about the lhicknras of Welsh Tom's lit- i tlst finger (he was an snormors 'i»'- And e|rong as Samson), was to lead ui to the main tmi, eay, as a. matter ot pleasant specu lation, eight feet thick, and running twenty ounces oT gold to the ton. I used to cod j ore up visions of monster cakts of gold cooling in immense retorts, all the colors of the lainbowplaying on their surfaces. B/ the ' sjfle of the f ornace in which the gold bai bten smelted were pails of quicksilver, I which had fallen therein from the lotg pipes of =tbe retorts, in showeis of tiiver elan. There was not only freedom on the gold- j fields, not only adventure — there was ro mance, there wee fear/land. For thes: won- 1 drons rainbow colirs playing like living j spirilf upen the surfaces of great cakes of j mo' ben gold, these showers cf silver 6-a-«. , dropping from a height into clear ira'er, '? were veritable — to those who wsre lucky i enough to discover a quartz reef e'git feet ] thick, crnfiliiog an average of tvrcatj ounces \ at gold to the toe. Such things happened, | and to men who have been savvies and | bricklayers in the old country. It fell to | ray share todreamof teem ; but I wa;hsppy I enough, j golly. Sometimes, of an evening, I would go I down to him ; £omet£mes he would come up to i me ; sometimes we met on the war. 1 think 1 e ' enjoyed the hoots we spent together ; I know I I -did. We chitted upon aU manner cf sub- '? jecls, and he .learnt from me everything con- 1 cerning my private life which wts wor'.h the telling ; tt his own private concerns he never Epoke un'il the evening he came to wish me good-bye. The overland mail was in, and he had received let! ere at the pert office. One of these letters contained a draft for one thousand pounds. ' I must go to Melbourne to get it cashed,' he eaid. ' An agreeable surprise to receive a dralt for a thousand pounds, eh, young Hi I'es,' I said, smiling ; ' shouldn't mind one myself.' ' I hope yon will never have a like ex perience,' he said gloomily. I looked at him in wonder. ' The money is mine,' he continued, ' but it is filing at me, and the letter containing it conveys -the sweetest news. I am not a Baiit-rJ know tbat well enough — bat I am not a scoundrel either. I hare been my otto enemy chiefly, but 1 thought there was one who would have stuck to me. When I bade her gocd- bje she wept a river of tears. * I will be true to you,' she laid, ? to the last hour cf my life.' I heiieved her, and I turned my back upon Old England in the hope that I would return one day an-1 make her my wife, I had got into scrapes, and a large eum of money was necessary to clear me. Till that was done. I conld not sctite down ; her people would net hear of it. Well, my scheme was to corns here to the gold-fields and shovel out the gold. But luck has bsen against me, bo to carry out n idea of mine I sent home for money. Here it is, and with it the rewB that, if I still wished to marry Hie faithful woman, I shall have to wait till ehe is either divorcd or a widow. 1 shall have my revenge, tbomrh. I am haunted by a drram of gold, end there ate mere unlikely things than that it will come true. I shall hit upon a golden reef that will be the wander of the world. I've dreamt it, yomg 'nn. Then Til go back ta England, and my money stall bs wormwood to nex people ; they rordrp it, and so docs she. What do yen say to coming prospecting with me 7' ' No,' X raid ; ' I shall stick to my reef heze. Don't you intend to return to the gnUy?' pennyweight to the tub will scaic«ly yay for tobacoo. No, I stall go and find my reef, ana' wten I do yen ehaU hear from me. If ever you pet back to the o!d country look rce op. Here's the address of a legsl firm in* Ijondbn ; they'll tell yon wfcere to find me. I'm sorry to part witb you, yonng 'on.' ' Not eo sorry as I am,' I raid. «' 1 shan't kaow what to do with, myself of an even ing;' Ve«icpped op 3aie talking. It was a most lonely night, and we strolled about the range, opening our nearcs to eacn outer. * rom toe height upon which we stot. ' we saw the lights of the distant township and the gleam ing white teals of the gold-diggers. It was with genuine sorrow I bade him good-bye. i bid feopss that be wou'd write to me tram Helboome, bnt I did not hear anything of him. I can say with troth that I felt keenly the void which his departure caused. Bnt tie active life I led kept me from breed ing upon it Welsh Tom sad the other man I employed, whose name I forget, and I fol lowed the spur deep and deiiocsly into tbe daack caverce of the rasge, always buoyed up by the hope of coming upon the golden reef for. which we were prospecting'. A nice dance iiatepur led us: and at last we lost tt altogether.. We were a hundred and thirty feet down; digging through a bed of iron sandstone, which played the very dence with gads and picks, and consumed no end of gun powder, and then it was that Welsh Tom ad vised me to gfre Tip the hunt. Then it was, also, -that Xom told me s piece of news about Biek Peterson. Ml heard in the township,' eaid Tern, ' tfcat Rick acd Loo Bivers are prospecting toeetha.' . \ opened my eyes at this. Loo Bivers, who had been working in the cully close to Rick PiteTBoti'e claim, was the last man I should hare-tbeoghtmy friend wouidiavechumbed with — a low-brrd, quarrelsome fellow, and Biy parlicnlar aversion. 'I want to come' auoBsIxm,' said Welsh Tom, ' 1 11 lake rny-oath he stole that short hamUedjiicfeof mine the «Jay before he made tracks for another diggings. I'll make it nm for him if I catch him.' jfefellto talking atoat the rtef in the Tajb hunt for which I had spent bo much money, and I said we would work for another. ? four weeks, and if we saw no indications we would torn it up. That is what we did at the end, not of four, bnt of eight weeks. ' What sball you do, Tom J' I asked. ' I shall go to Ararat,' said he. ' I've been thinking of it a long time. There are golden reefs in the ranges thereabouts.' It wa* ihs common dream — the golden reef) eight feet thick, averaging twenty on- C3 to the ton. I doubt if there was a rcn^ir in all Australasia who was not bit by that seductive serpent. ?? Will yon take me u a mate, Tom 7' I caid. The mason why I did not propose that we should remain on the old terms of master and man was that my funds were running low. I had barely eighty pounds left, and this I offered to throw into the venture. Welsh Tom could have saved much more than that in my service had it not been that he want on periodical sprees, during which he frot gloriously drank, to tbe last shilling he possessed. It happened, however, that he bad not indulged in one of thece sprees for the last two or three months, and tbat he could call himself master of some twenty torn and tattered one pound _notet. My eighty pounds aeaiojt his twenty would equalise for a JitUe while the disparity in our physical powers. But I am snre he did not consider that ; he held out bis great horny hand, and the bargain was struck. The nest morning wo started for Ararat. It ni not Tom's intention to pitch our tent where diggers most did congregate. He had his eye on a range of hills which he had crossed same three yean ago, and thither we directed oar Btepf. We walked for two days without Beeing a hnman being butonnelves, and then Tom Eaid ' Here we are.' It was a wonderful range of hills, and literally strewn with quartz. My heart beat fact at the prospect, and after the fashion of gold-diggers I commenced at once chipping and breaking the stone and looking for gold. I came across a speck here and there, bnt Tom would not allow me to lingsr long. Pointing to the higbut range within vUw, be eaid it waa there we would put np our lent. It was evening when we reached the indicated spot, and then Welsh Tom, clutch ing my th3ulder, eaid — 'I'm damned if somebody hasn't been here before us 1' Sure enough there was a shaft which bad been sunk, and from the earth piled around it we judged it could not be less than a hun dred feet deep. ' They've been at work quite lately,' raid Tom, examining the indicatioas. ' We'll see wbat'6 at the bottom. Bat first I must go and get a windlass.' He assisted me to pnt np onr twelve by eight canvas tent, and then he started eff atane. mctp 1m wnnld ha foaf-k nn the third day. 1 was qnite content to be left theie by myself, end I pegged ont a claim, sixty-four feet cquare, end employed myself during Tom's absence in rambling over the hills and chipping quartz for gold. On the the third clay Tom returned, and by that time I tai convinced myself tbat there was mere tlan one rich golden rtef waiting ibere to be ncmasted. Tom brought a windlass, rope, and buckets with him, and the flour and meat as well. The meat consisted of half a sheep, for which he had paid three shillings. Early next morning the wicdlsss was rigged, and the rope fastened on it, with the tucket attached to the end. I stepped into it. and holding the rope with my left hand, I gave the signal to lower down. In my right land I bad a lighted candle. Dnwn, down I went, and landed at a depth of about a hundred feet. But within a minute cf my taking my foot out of the bucket I gave the singnal to be hoisted np aga:n. When I reacted heaven's light I was as white as a ghost and trembling like a leaf. ' Wtat'fi the matter?' asked Tom. ' Tern,' I said, ' there's the body of. a dead man at tte bottom of the shaft.' ' What's to be cose ?' asked Turn. i -nnt Know, i replies. ~ i aon t oare to go down agair.' ' Ton couldn't lower me, I suppose J' he Eaid. I looked at him — a great boned man, over six feet in height. '1 couldn't trust myself, | Tom.' ' All right,' he said. He lowered the rope and bucket, and then, by some means, made the upper end of the rope fast to the windlass. ' B? ready to give me a hand if I want it,' he Eaid, 'and see tbat the rope doesn't slip. Keep tight hold of the handle of the wind lass.' He strong himself into the chasm, and hand under band let himself down. I wa? in great fear for him. A slip, a frail strand in the rope, and he was a lost man. But he reached tbe bottom in safety, and remained there some time. When his n-ork below was finished he raised himself to the top, and I tare a great sigh of relief at his sifely. 'Well, Tom?' I said. ' Its true enough,' he replied. ' There's a dead man at the bottom, and I've made him fast to the buck-t. What's more, he's been murdered.' ' Murdered !' I cried. ' Nothing shortof it. A pick driven clean into his skull, and with such force that the point of it got fixed in the Eton?. It was as much as I could do to get the pick ont and release the body. It must have be;n a plaacei thing.' ' How do you know that, Tom !' ' Weil, the two men btiog below, one of them to be murdered, the d ? i villain must have made fcii preparations to get up again after he'd killed his mate. There was no oae to pnU him np, and he mat have fattened the rope to the windlass, as I did, and eot np and down that way.' Ait the while he was talking be was at work unfastening the rope which he had firmly Eecored, and he now began to haul op the body of the dead man. ' There'esometbiiig more yet,' eaid Tom. 'WbatT' The men, whoever they woe, were pros pecting for a ? reef. Down a hundred feet, and no trace of one. Now if the murderer had waited another day ? ' 4i WelL Tom r ' There would have been no murder done, that's all. The pick with which he killed his mate was fixed so tight in the side of the shaft that I tad a jib to get it oat, as I told you. 1 daresay the murderer tried to get it away, bnt couldn't. Now, when I did get the pick free, Ifound it had been driven into a mas of quartz, and that the sime blow which killed a man opened oat a golden reef. Look here 1' He rested from his labour, and showed me some pieces of quartz with lumps of gold sticking in them. At first my eyes glistened at the sight, bnt the next moment a shudder ran through me at the thought of the discovery nndcr Bach circumstances. ' Careful, careful, now,' said Welsh Tom, as the blocdy burden came into view. I aedsted to eieer it out of the death chasm, and there it lay upon the surface of the hill, with lumps of golden qnarlz all around it. ' He insn't been long dsad,' said Welsh Tom. ' Not two days, I should eay.' 'All the more chance of catching the murderer,' I said, as I stooped over the deal bed y. My blcol ran cold 'as I gazed at the ghastly face. 'My God!' £ cried. 'Its Kick Faterson 1' ''Sure enough,' said Welsh Tom; 'and the man who murdered him is Loo Rivera. Here's the pick he stole from me. I could ew»ar to it, becanee of the ' X.' cut into the handle. I did it myself. He shall swing for it, as there's a God in Heaven 1 We most make for the township at once. I don't like leaving the claim, bat nobody knows we're here, and it will be safe enongh for a few days, till we retain, htt us start at once ; there's not a minute to lose.' Wrapping up the horrible burden as well as we could, we made our way to the town ship, some forty-eight miles off, aid there, ?s luck wsuJd have it, almost the firet mas we met was Lto Bivera. Bsfore he had time to speak Welsh Tom seized him, and held him as in a vice. I conld spin the story out, bnt I will content myself with caving that justice wai done upon the villain Biven. He diedby the hangmaTi'fi rope. The business kept us in the township for some days, and then we xetsrned to the claim in which we expected to make onr fortunes. Onr hopes were dashei to the gronnd. There was a goidfUlds law that, if for a certain number ot hours no vi -rk was done on a claim, it became the property ol any person who close to tale possession of it. This process of taking potsession of a claim was termed ' jumping.' Well, during onr absence our claim had bten 'jumped,'' .and when we got back to it we found four Cornish miners hauling np golden quarU. It was hard lines, bnt there was no help for it. The law was on their side. The reef thai was discovered in the shaft in which Bick Pater-oa was fonHy ranrdered torned ont to be one of the richest in Australia. . I have often wandered whether Bick Paterson's people at home ever learnt what became of him. 