The Story of the Gold Jacobus. I was journeying northwards in * firet elass compartment of one of the comfortable carriages of the London and Narth-Westem Railway Company. There was bat one other traveller in the eomnartznent with me, and at first I took but little notice of him, having ? certain amount of literature in the shape of papers and migannes t3 get through ; bat after an hour or so I got tired of this occupation, and began to look about me. We were flying through the country at a great pace, and the landscape flitted by the windows In a way that made it tiresome to -watch, so after a while I fell to contempla ting my companion* He appeared to be a man part middle age, but hU hair and moustache were so plenti fully streaked with gray that he might hare looked older than he really was. His face a handEome one, and in one respect was remarkable, for it wore what I may term a tacred look, sa if ite possessor had experi enced a endden fright at some time or another from which he had never quite re covered. He wae well and -juietly dressed, his whole appearance being that of an intelli gent, well-bred gentleman, and, indeed, his looks were so attractive that I felt a strong disposition to enter into conversation with him. I think he noticed thin, for he pat down the paper ha was reading and made come casual observation, and with this intrednc duction the conversation soon became brisk. We had many subjects in common, I fonod, and from one to another we passed till we came— why, or wherefore, I know not — to the supernatural. I was led to ex press my disbelief in it, in its main features, and here I found my companion and I dif fered materially. He became graver as he argued, and gave his ideas with a seriousness that surprised me. At last, half laughingly, 1 exclaimed, ' Well, ft u all very well talking abaut ghosts, but I should ieel far more inclined to believe in them were I to sea one myself, or even meet some one who had seen one 1' He, too, rrT'^d. and detaching a gold coin which was hanging from his watoh chain, handed it to me and begged me to examine it. X did so, he watching me all the time, and having some knowledge of coins I recognised it as a ' gold jacobss ' of the reign of the first James. ' Yon were saying just now that you would be more inclined to believe in the wptrnatural if you met some one who had gBen a ghost,' he said. ' Supposing I were to say that I were snch a person? That coin has an old history, and I should rather like to tell it to yon, but as the story is all about mytelf I am afraid perhaps it might weary yon.' I assured him, on the contrary, that I should like to hear it of all things ; and then, p anting for a few seconds to tdink, he told me the fallowing extraordinary nar rative : ' Some few years ago I was miking a wsJking tour through North Wales. ' It was Ute in the afternoon of a glori ous autnmn day, and X intended f pritng up with a six-mile walk over the hills to a little village, not well known to the ordinary louritt, bnt where X was given to under stand that very fair board and lodging wts to be obtained. ' At first I foond the path easily enough, and followed it into the wood. For a time all went well, bat as I mounted higher the track became less ecsy to make out, for the dead leaves, which already at that season were filling in prof osion, lay thickly strewn over it, thereby tendering it scarcely dis tinguishable from the rest of the wood. 'At length, when an hour and more had gosw by, and I did not get clear of tLe wood, I began to think that X must have lost my way. ' To my relief it presently became lighter ahead, and through a break I conld make out something of the distant landscape. 'I increased my pace, and in a few seconds found myself in the full evening light. 'At once X recognised the fact that I most have lost my way. ' I cast about me for a shelter, and at length came suddenly upon a grey stone wall, forming the angle of a building, which, till that moment, had been hidden from me by a clomp of sombre yew trees. 'A piece of luck, this,' thonght I. ' Here, at any rate, is a night's lodj,irg, and possib'yBOme thirg besides ; ' but when I looked again X conld see no smoke issuing from the quaint, old-fashioned chimneys, and though for a few seconds I listened attentively I failed to detect any sound proceeding Jrom the building. 'A high wall, ivy-mantled, ran from the side of the house, and an archway bad been constructed in it opposite to where I stood. I crossed over to this archway through tall overgrown weeds and long grass to find that it was closed by a rustic iron gate, but the gate us I tried it yielded to my pleasure, and fell inwards with a load clang, sa scaring a large owl from his lair in the ivy that he swept by me uttering a succetsion of startled eriec. To tell the honest truth, I was be ginning to have a f teteng that there was something not altogether 'canny' about this place. The boose itself was gabled, but ; its architecture was otherwise plain. The win dows were mullioned and had been diamond paced, bat the glass was mostly gone, and in placte only the fragments of tiie setting remained. The doorway receded somewhat lrom the face of the house, and to my aatis faotion I saw that the door itself, of massive oak studded with great nails, half open. 'As I looked suddenly the sky became overcast, and without warning, for X had not noticed Low the clouds had gathered, a vivid flash of lightning lit up the sky and illuminated the whole home. ' And in that Instant I caught eight of something which rilled me with surprise, and tent involuntarily a cold shiver through me, for as I was about to mount the steps and enter the poicb f felt positive that I saw the figure of a man standing in the doorway ! *' One hand tested upon the door, the other was cutfpriad, and with his head slightly inclined te seuned by bis attitude to be inviting me to enter. ' His face was curiously pale, and be wore a grizzled peaked beard and monsUohe of antique cat, bat his expression I did not like, for though tie greeted me with what was meant to be a smile of welcome, his face wore a conning look that bespoke treachery. I was surprised to notice that he was clothed in garments after the fashion of the early part of the seventeenth century, and in fact his attire and appearance generally belonged rather to the period of Eiizaleth or the first James than to our own times. ' For a moment I hestitated, bnt as the rain commenced to fall briskly J fan up the steps and passed through the doorway into a small stone hell. ?'The figure had disappeared, bat as I entered I thought that I heard e. low laugh echo through the building, and again for au instant the same disagreeable feeling came ovirme. I looked round quickly, bat noth ing was to be seen. X was fortunately provided with a small travelling lamp and matches, eo I lost no time=in raising a light, and then by the lamp's lays I took a. brief server. It was dear Oat my fancy most hare played tnea trick, for not only was the hall empty, but I could Bee at a glance that the house iai not been occupied for a very long lime past. 'The «oor of the ball, thickly esreced with the dust of ages, was of stone, while the walls were panelled with dark oak. At one end a great open fireplace stood almost choked up with rubbish, and on the right hand side a narrow staircase with ancient carved balustrades led to ths next floor. Three or four doore opened into the hall, and the handle of one of them I turned and with difficulty forced the door open. Hold ing my lamp high above my heal I entered the room, as 1 did eo scaring a party of rats from the floor so that they scuttled sway to their holes in wild alarm, making me jump almost as much &s; I made them. 'The room I had entered was long and low roofed. Xt was lighted by three windows, twi Vtalnrr ol +I10 sMp tfiP Other &t; the I8X end of the room in a kind of alcove opened out on to the glaSe before the wood and formed a garden entrance to the room. I wassurprised to see that this room contained several pieces of old furniture — a heavy oak table, a few chairs, and a rude Bqnare-backed sofa or settle such as our ancestors loved (and even certain persons in oar own day love) to make themselves uncomfortable in. ' The walls were panelled, but in several places they bore traces of decay, as did also the floor and the ceiling. ' There was the tame kind of open grate as in in the hall, bat on a smaller scaUyand I thonght by clearing ont the rubbish which here too had fallen from the chimney I might raise a fire and make myself as much at home under the circumstances as was pos Bible. '?I set the lamp on tie table and went out of doors in search of fuel. ' The storm had passed off now, and the moon, shining pleasantly through the shift ing clouds, glistened upon the leaves which the rain had just sprinkled. Without going far I fonnd what I wanted, and soon re turned to the house laden with an armful of dead wood. But to light it, moist as it was, was not so easy, and it was some time before it conld be got to burn. At last its hissings and splntterings became less demonstrative, and a good blaze roared up the chimney, casting a rnddy glow to the farthest corner of the room. ' I felt now if I had only something to console the ' inner man ' I could be content. The warmth and glow of the fire were quite cheering, and I drew the rickety old sofa close np to the fire, and propping my head with my knapsack demolished my biscuits and commenced preparations for the pipe of peace. Under its soothing influence 1 be gan to feel quite resigned, and gazing com posedly into the flames I Bet to work to con jure np a history for the former dwellers in this place. I tried to imagine the rooms peopled a=ain with figures in the quaint costume of three centuries ago — figures dressed after the fashion of that qneerlook iug old fellow I thought I had setn greeting me in the doorway. ' By the way, what odd tricks one's fancy eometimts plays 1 Bat I must not go on thinking and dreaming in this way or there will be no end to the qneer people I shall see ! And so my thoughts ran on. The smoke rolled unceasingly np the chimney, and as I watched it through the vapour of my own pipe there stole over me a soft dreaminess, and I closed my eyee. Clink— clink— . I awoke suddenly. The fire had died down, and only a few hot embers burned in the prate, yet there was plenty of light in tbe room, for the mcoa was streaming in through the casement with remarkable brilliancy. Clink — clink — clink. The sound was quite distinct this time. I raised myself to look. I could distinguish nothing at first, but as the sound seemed to come from the long window in the alcove, I glanced towards it, and then X plainly saw a dark shadow across the window. ' Some one was trying to force their way into the room, but who could it be — lor it was hardly likely robbers would select this empty placet I felt carious to see what wonld happen. ' Presently the fastenings gave, the win dow slowly opened, and as it did so the figure of a remarkably tall man, closely mnfBed in a long cloak, and with a large slouch hat drawn well down over the face, appeared at the entrance. Standing out darkly against the light, be paused for an instant as if to listen, and then turned and gave a low peculiar wbis'le, thrice re peated. Xt was answered, and almost imme diately two ether figures came out from under the shadow of the wood and ap proached the window, bearing between them with difficulty a heavy burden. ' They paused at the entrance to the win dow, and again seemed to listen. 'Satisfied spparentiy, the figure I had first seen stood asidp, and 61 agger ing under the kad, the others came slowly into the room, and tilently with a great effort raised and laid it upon tbe table, ' As lh*y did thi» the burden gave a kind of shiver, and something escaping from the covering which enveloped it hong down over the side of the (able. 'There are moments in one's life when the shock of s.rne sudden discovery seems to paralyse the nerves and deprive the body of all action. It was so with me then, for as the moon's lays fell upon it to my intet.se horror and alarm I saw that that something was a human hand and arm I ' That I was the witness of some tragedy I could net bat believe, bat I also felt that were I not to remain unobserved there would be danger to mysslf. However repugnant to my feelings, I mast watch and wait with out attempt at inteif erence. Tdree to one were odds I did not care to face. ' The two figures paused after their exer tions, and drew their arms across their fore headr. They were standing in the full moonlight now, and I noticed with surprise that the face of each of them wore a ghastly pallid hue, which seemed scarcely natural in living beings. ' I was even more surprised to Bee that the cat of their garments was strangely old fashioned. They, too, wore slouched hate, long cleats, and antique riding boots, and these latter wtre splashed with mud as if they had ridden baw?, 'X concluded that the tall figure I had first seen most be in authority over the other two, for now, obedient to a gesture from him, one of them moved to the door, and, opening it, looked oat, and gave the low peculiar whistle I had heard before. 'An extraordinary stillness prevailed throughout the house, bat from some distant portion of it I thought that I heard the signal — for such evidently it was — faintly answered. 'Then a door slammed, and presently a steathly step came down the staircase and crossed the hall towards our room. Alight danced upon the old oak panelling, then nickered and spread gradually, as, shading a Ump with his hend, a fourth person entered the room. Hooked at the face of this new comer, and could scarcely believe that I eaw aright, for who should it prove to be bat the very man whom by the flashing light I had eeen — In my imagination as 1 bad be lieved — beckoning me to enter at the hall door. Betting down the light, he glanced first at the figure lying still cpon the table, then from one to the other, rubbing his hands tbe while, end smiling with grim satisfaction, which seemed to me perfectly atrocious. ' As for the others, they scarcely deigned to notice him, and he, whom I judged to be the leader of the band, gave an impatient gisttre -towards -the body lying ?before iliom Appalled, I watched them roughly tear away the covering, and -expose to my hoirified gaze the tlood-fctained body of a man with a frightful gash in his throat, richly dressed, but in a fashion long gone by. 'I watched them ai they proceeded then to rifle the body. I watched them empty out their victim's pockets, and tear *way tbe breast of bis doublet in their search for any valuables he might possess. X watched them clutch with fiendish glee a well-filled money bag, and pour ont its contents — a golden pile — npon the table ' It wes all too horrible ! 1 became per fectly sickened, and more than ever alive to what my own fate would be were tbess murderers to discover my presence. I slid quietly off the sofa with the intention of concealing myself behind it, bnt in doing bo I slipped, and stumbling against it the whole fell with a loud crash upon the floor. Sever in my dying day shall I forget the agony of that moment. There was an awful pause. The party at the table stopped in their unholy work, and I heard a coin fall from the table and roll along the floortowards me. ' I drew myself up and fa^ei them. ? And what did 1 see! AU tbe previous horror of that night was as nothing to the horror ol tbis moment, for as they turned towards me, the ghastly light fell upon their faces, I to th-at Iicas looking vpon the features of men mint had been long Stead .' ' My eyesight became dim. The room, the furniture, those awful figures grew misty and indistinct. .... ' At last I awoke, shook myself, and was walking to the window when my foot kicked against something, and stooping down 1 picked up, to my great Burprise, a gold coin of the reign of James I. I have kept it ever Bince, and it is the very coin which I at tracted your notice to just now. I shoald like you to examine it closely. ' Gathering together my traps, I took a last look around tbe room, and crossed to the window in the alcove, intending to make my exit by that way, but I found that not only was the window tightly closei, but the amount of dust and cobwebs over it showed plainly that it could not have been made use of for Borne time past 1 I had, in fact, to return to the ball door in order to get oat of the house. I crossed the glade, and, climb ing the hillside, entered the wood once more. ' It was only by following the track for a longdistance back that I fonnd where I had gone wrong, and without farther delay I proceeded to rectify the error, with the re sult of reaching the village in the course of an hour's time. 'The inn was of a very primitive descrip tion, bat anything I thought would have been preferable to my hateful quarters of the night before. '? Dr-_an or no dream, what I had gone through had evidently affected me, and my nerves, I was obliged to confess to myself, felt iu anything but a satisfactory state. Indeed, I felt as I had never felt before. ' I was naturally curious to know some thing about my quarters, and I tried to elicit some information from the landlady of tbe inn, who, indeed, seemed nothing loth to dis cuss the subject. ' She opened her eyes widely when I first told her where I had parsed the night, and frankly said that nothing would induce her cr any of the neighbours even to go near the plaoe after nightfall, for it bore a most evil reputation in the district. ' The house itself had not been occupied for many years, but in the early part of the reign of King James I. it hai became notorious as the taunt of a band of robbers. 'The attention of the authorities of that day was called to the constant disappear ance from tiie King's highway of travellers and others whose fate always remained a mystery, for in no case was the body of a missing man found. ' At last the scandal became so great that the sheriff and LU posse comitatvt set to work to scour tbe district, and finally ran the robbers to earth in a lonely manor hoase up in the hills, which they had made their head quarters. ' A desperate fight ensaed which ended in the destruction of the band, those who sur vived tbe fight expiating their evil on the scaffold. 'On searching the hoes? and premises the remains of no less tban twenty-five human beings were found, for in every iaie where a murder tad been committed the body had been conveyed to the robbers' headquarters, there to be stripped at leisure. To say that I was amazed at the particulars of the story, would be to put it mildly. X had been witness of a scene that mast have taken place hundreds of years before, and here was the gold jaco bus to prove it !' 