THE JULY REVIEWS. In ihe Nineteenth Century Mi. Glad stone opens with a paper on the 'Eliza- bethan Settlement of Religion.' In the ereat movementof thesiiteenth century the msuncTi oi national unity was more powerful than the disintegrating tenden cies of religious controversy by the civil power. The ground taken by Catholics is that by changes of doctrine, of rite, and of law the jurisdiction of the Roman See was destroyed j bat that these changes were not made by the Church. Mr. Gladstone tries to Bhow that the Anglican Bishops and clergy believed themselves competent to deal with the ordinary juris diction of the Pope, and voluntarily severed themselves from it. Sir William Hunter, on 'Our Missionaries,' speaks in the highest terms of the work done and the influence exerted by Christian missions in India, especially of late. The Cambridge Mission at Delhi and that of the Oxford brethren in Calcutta, carried on by un married men of somewhat ascetic life, im press the Indian mlndmore than the friendly neighbour who keeps an excellent cheap school, and drives about with his wife and children in a pony* carriage. The old hankering after unctuous declamation must be Bteadily repressed. The mis sionary cause must be purged of bigotry and cant, such as the tirades against caste, which without State aid supports the poor in India, and the injustice which some pious people do to the Roman Catholic clergy In India, who are quietly educating, disciplining, and consoling a Christian population three times greater than that of all the Protestant converts put together. In connection with this we should read the excellent article on ' Buddhism' by the Bishop of Colombo. He has closely studied the sacred books, and notes that there ars two Interpretations— the higher taken by Mas Mailer and exaggerated hi the translations and paraphrases of Edwin Arnold in the tl Light of Asia' and else where, and the lower as understood and amplified by the priests and the people. It 1b a parasitic religion, ready to thrive where it can without displacing others. A Christian cannot be a Mohammedan or a Hindu, a Mohammedan cannot be a Hindu or a Christian, but a Eaddhist can ba a. Confucianiat or a Taoist or both, and, what is more, to a great extent a Hindu or a planet- worshipper. This is the case In China ; the case in Ceylon is equally instructive. The statues of the Hindu deities are found in the pre cincts of the Buddhist viharas. At Budd hist festivals, Buddhists visit Hindu and Buddhist temples alike ; when they are sick tha Hindu or devil priest meets the Buddhist monk at the door without offence. Further, what is really meat vital, what Is practicaily the refuge of a Ceylon Buddhist, ia not anything truly Buddhistic, but the Bystem of astrology, charms, devil-dancing, and other low superstitions which cling to the lowest part of Hinduism. It is this that the Christian convert must abandon ; it is this that the flatterers of Buddhism are fostering. Bishops Bickersteth and Williams's report on Corea might almost stand for Ceylon. Neither Buddhism nor Confucian philosophy touch any but the learned classes ; the unlearned have no religion, unless we call excessive reverence for and dread of ghosts and evil spirits religion. A Buddha, strictly speaking, is the highest of men, but in no sense what we mean by God. The earliest chronicle of Gautama is the Tipitaka, the threefold collection of sacred books, date about 250 B.c. The later biographies of the first, fifth, and sixth centuries are the chief source of Arnold's ' Light of Asia.' His central fact— the great Renunciation — is not the centre of the earliest record, which takes much credit for heroic acts done in a pre- existent state. Gautama persuaded himself, persuaded millions, that he had found the secret of sorrow and the way of escape, partly by extraor dinary sympathy or capacity for teaching, partly by a personal sanctity which seemed to prove that he possessed a moral secret. By sanctity we understand gentleness and calm. He added very little to the existing doctrines taught by the Brahmans, and what he added was mainly false. The strange moral doctrine of the evilness of taking life was in force ; the question of the day was how to be happily born or how to escape unhappy birth. The methods of austerity, of meditation or trance, of monastic life and mendicancy, were all methods of his day. Other teachers had said— 'This life is suffering, but satisfy the gods and you will obtain a life in their heaven, which will be happy.' Gautama said ' the misery is inherent in existence. End all, and that is bliss. Buddhism seeks no heaven.' Other teachers had said—' This life is illusory, because there is only one true Being from whom we are mistakenly separated by the illusion, of personal individuality. Return to the One Being is happiness.' Gautama says — " There is no being at all that is not illusory.' Buddhism seeks no absorp tion. Strive— was the first and last, word of the Buddha— strive to attain deliverance from, existence. There were many beauti ful moral lessons no doubt taught, and many beautiful accretions ; but the Bishop holds that no adequate prospect is held out for the future, and no assist ance offered to man's weakness to induce him to conquer temptation ; and still more ruinous is the conviction that the nreeent life is not all important, but a trifling unit in an immense series.; In Ceylon, when a criminal is asked why he committed the crime, he will reply. 'I suppose it is from evil doings in a former birth;' and if asked, ' Will you not suffer from it in another birth 1' he replies, 'It will not be I that will suffer.' Nirvana, however, is habitually spoken of as happiness. This the Bishop explains thus — The crisis oc. Nirvana is not death, the dissolution of the last life, but the attainment of the condition in which re birth is impossible, and a final death within reach. Mr. Frederic Harrison says 'A Few Words about Picture Exhibitions,' and. the words are strong. He does not think that the custom of holding Exhibitions tends to the advancement of art, At no great epoch of art were they ever dreamed of. Our modern wealth, luxury, and facilities of travelling have evolved them with many other things good and bad; but good pictures look better anywhere else, and unfortunately nearly all pictures are nowadays painted with a view to possible exhibition, and this leads to glaring, vulgar, and commonplace work. What can the painter paint? What ought the painter to paint 1 are serious questions. Mr. Ruskin, to whom we owe so much, has done much to weaken the control of good sense over the subjects of art. Intent on his central idea of good work he lavishes extravagant praise on mere enfantillage, and dwells on the painted surface and not on the painted mind. We see examples of sound traditions in the work of Leighton, Watts, Poynter, Ar mitape, Long, Richmond, and others. The business of a painter is not to tell a thrilling story — he leaves that to the novelist — or to paint spasms — he leaves that to the medical journals. Hia busi ness is to present a subject which is simple, familiar, noble, and beautiful. The Salon shows more infamies on canvas than the Academy — subjects brutal, inde cent, horrible, unspeakable. Yet there are also grand specimens of the very best modern art — Detaille's 'Soldier's Dream,' J. Lefevre's 'Widow with her Orphan Grandchild at Church,' and Humbert's ' Mother in Three Ages' are grand. There is one school In which the French are still almost supreme— the majestic simple pathos of the humblest, saddest life, with out grace, without weakness, without puerile sentimentalism, and with no con cession to prettiness. This we may see a specimen of even here in Millet's 'Angelas.' ' Dr. Kidd writes on the summer and winter climate of the Engadine, and Pro fessor Tyndall tells the interesting story of our lighthouses, and commends above all the gas lamp that can be multiplied in strength at will in foggy weather. Mr. H. H. Champion, though an employer of labour himself, is thechampionof the 'New- Labour Party' which is fighting for re duction of hours. The Freetrader is right in his axiom that commodities should be produced where they cost least in labour, but our present competition drives pro duction to where they cost least in toages. Mr. Walter Hammond -writes on the ' Liberating the Slaves in Brazil,' which is going on most successfully. Lord Eustace Cecil says that Sinbad was not more tightly held in the clutches of the Old Man of the Sea than 'the War Office' and the Admiralty in the- grasp of the Treasury. M. Waddington concludes his information on 'Local Government in France.' In England' there is no officer analogous to the French Preset, who represents the general executive power of the State ; but it would be well to consolidate and place in fewer hands the duties and responsibilities of officers, justices, guardians, and commissioners. Lord Armstrong's 'Vague Cry for Technical Education' should be read side by side with Mr. Runciman's vigorous article in the Contemporary, 'The New Departure in Education.' In 1870 we were going to regenerata the British workman with books; we now propose to regenerate him with tools. While regarding every Beard School as a centre of civilization, the real teacher's heart is grieved to t,bf'fr how the revised code, with its purely literary aims and standards} has cramped and misdirected bo much of this force. And Mr. Bunci man, we think, speaks -with a powerful following on tha part of thousands of thinking people when he protests against the waste of time employed in making children spell accurately. Good spelling is a general sign that a man has read many books, but the children who have only read the standards are required to Bpell every word of these correctly. Sir John Lnbbock says that 2,920 hours of a child's school life are now spent on reading- . and \ spelling alone ; 1,500 of these might be spared if the spelling were not made the crucial test, not only in reading and dictation, but writing. - - The-newreadlng sheets in troduced into our South Australian schools are the most intelligent first steps ever presented to simplify the learning of the Engliah language, not only as being easy in themselves, but as giving holding ground from which the pupil will attack difficulties and exceptions. And the same intelligence which has simplified for our young South Australians the beginnings of reading and of arithmetic will, wetrasD, see that it is better that a child of 9 should be quick, intelligent, and eager than that he Bflould be abie to spell caught and brought, cow 'and plough, tongue and hung, out and doubt. A New Zea land Inspector says he:, rather likes to see mistakes in spelling if they are phonetic; but children 'are so much drilled In the difficult words that they lose all hold of the normal sounds of the twenty-six letters of the English alphabet. German children can learn to read and spell in halt the time that English children take,, and the decimal system of France eaves elementary education half the drud gery, in arithmetic Mr. Runciman says that inspection in English schools is mainly done by an over-worried assistant, and it is far easier for him to mark mis takes in spelling, in grammar and analysis, in geography, in arithmetic, than to gauge the Intelligence of the children. We re joice to see here a wholesome departure from the geography of ? a few 'years ' baek, which still obtains in England. ' Hqw many thousands of weary little mortals chant over the capes of England, the rivers of Europe,theheightsof English, European, and Asiatic mountains, day: after day, week In and week out. Clever teachers often make models of river courses, moun tain ranges, and the physical conformation «* n/wiTitvfao Thosui -frirnCTH l^plicrhf. tllfl children, and if a clay model is glazed ana arranged bo as to hold water a boy is ravhhed with joy if he is asked to sail a piece of wood from London to the Dar danelles. But when results were wanted ! The usual flurried assistant said — ' Whatis the next cape southward: oi Ortegal? Write out the rivers of India, giving their, sources, tributaries, and lengths,' and the ; intelligent boy might be foiled. _ In geography, grammar, and arithmetic the official maxim is— suppress intelligence, dwarf imagination, cultivate the verbal and statistical memory. The official never remembers that atlases are cheap, and the information may be bought if it is wanted. Broad physical features, and not bays and capes, are what should be taught at school. We are a nation of fighters, inventors, ..toilers, colonizers, rulers, and we have chosen to educate our masses under a system which is almost Chinese. Sir 3 ohn Lnbbock is mournful, nay savage, because he finds only 25,000 children 'out of four millions and a half who learn science. If he -were a teacher in an elementary school and depended on the grant for a great part of his living he would see sufficient reason. And where science iB taught it is examined by In spectors who aak such questions as — Give .six different kinds of inflorescence. Define pistil, style, ovary, corolla, raphe, f unicle, involucre. * It is bookish botany, not like ttat which the boys belonging to nnr TTTftiri TCktnraliBtB1 Club mav learn here. Mr. JRundman aoes not oeiieve in teaching languages at elementary schools. The payment by results as administered in England means that teachers are unpaid for their hardest work. The clever boy is made tmhappy by idleness and nauseous repetition, the dull boy by relentless efforts to force him .to the next standard. If the clever boy skips : one stage he misses the Government grant for that stage. And this^is called payment by results 1 Fortunately there are Bigns of discontent and hopes for Improvement. The Kindergarten is not now regarded as a harmless theorist's folly. -In ' another year it will be an integral portion of the elementary education running through every English Board school. Mr. Runclnan doeB not believe every child can learn to draw, but nine out of ten take to the hand ling of raw material. Woodwork is gene rally preferred as simple and cheap, a single standard of wood, costing £12, will serve .five classes of thirty each for a year ; the tools for each Bhop will cost £46. The Sheffield boys work admirably in iron, and the Birmingham boys seem; ready to turn, their hands ? to anything. If iio ? more fancy-book BUbjecta'are invented andthe teachers are relieved from .some of- their drudgery for pastes in what, may be called the 'Mediaeval' system, . thfltotal cost of a more practical'* and ' more intelligent course, need not be greater 'and may be less than at' present. Many charlatans whd'soxQd not ; teach a class to save, their lives, get up 8nd~spin platitudes about education, so, that the real teachers are . bound !'1^- assert themselves and have a ,^ fair hearing from the world* , V'\ M. Emile de Laveleye 'writes mourn fully on the 'Future of Religion' with regard to the present outlook, though he hopes that a new emanation of Chris tianity will again arise with power over the heart and the conscience. A kindred article by Miss Cobbe on ' The Scientific Spirit of the Age,' drawing a mournful inference from the atrophy of the religious as well as the aesthetic side of the nature of the otherwise admirable seeker after truth, Charles Darwin, will be read with interest by all who are interested in the complete development of our human nature. Sir James Paget says, ' Nothing can advance human prosperity so much as science.' Miss Cobbe acknowledges that science has given us many precious things, ' but she takes away things more precious still. Professor Stokes reviews ably some 'Recent Work in Ecclesiastical History,' ind the Rev. Sir George Cox criticises "Hymns, Ancient and Modern,' especially objecting to the sensuous, almost erotic, language applied to the passion of our Lord. It is the heathenness of the weeping for Thammuz, the myth of the death of the sun, carried through the Latin Church into tha Ritualistic Churches. Sensuous sacerdotalism is not Protes tantism, and it is not the doctrine of the Church of England. Mr. J. Scott Keltie is anxious for the conservation of 'British Interests in Africa.' At present we have 14 per cent, of the total trade of '5 millions sterling, and France has 26 per cent. Mr. Keltie thinks we should have annexed up to the Zambesi ; in fact, the dark continent is regarded by trim as a spoil to be divided among Euro pean races. The important work done, and the still more important aims brought forward at the three Indian National Con Egresses held at Bombay, Calcutta, and Madras, shows that our largest depen ieocy iB striving after some share of self government. It is a pity that thesa Con gresses receive so little attention. ; The Rev. 3. Guiness Rogers writes on 'Mr. Chamberlain and the Liberal Party' very adversely to Mr. Chamberlain of to day allied with Tories, and' extolling their measures, and Professor Seeley contri butes a paper read before the Social and Political Educational League on the 'Im- partial Study of Politics,' a study never more needed than now. MiBS' Emily Crawford tells- us how well the fair Bex was represented at the Paris Salon, which is much bigger than the Academy, and has room- for display of clcthes on the spectators as well as for thousands of pictures. American artists, male and female, exhibit at the Salon, and . American millionaires and mil lion air eases go there to select an artist who can da justice to their faces and their Beery. Lord Hobhouse's weighty paper on the 'Local Taxation of Rents in London' closes the Contemporary. In the Fortnightly an unsigned article, ostensibly by a soldier, on our 'True Foreign Policy,' recommends our making it once our' navy so strong that it will be equal in alliance to 300,000 men to Italy, and 200,000 men to Germany, and. for this, protection we might demand an aid to help us if Russia attacked us on our Indian frontier, for on that side we are no longer an Insular, but a continental power. Captain Eozier, in MacmiUant thinks England's real danger is commercial, and that to retain her distributive trade she should have either a railway bridge to the Conti nent or construct and use the Straits of Dover Tunnel, thus making her a conti nental power in Europe also. It Is Eng land's wealth that in his eyes is her defence, and the cost of transhipment makes other nations import for them Belyes. To return to the Fortnightly, Colonel F. Maurice ..defends his Official History of the Campaign of 1882 from the attacks of a Blackwobd reviewer in a vigorous paper * called ' Critics and Campaigns.' A savage cry arose in EDgknd, denouncing the delay which pre ceded Lord Clyde's decisive blows after the Indian mutiny, and when Lord Napier, of Magdale, was preparing his advance on Abyssinia, and when Sir Garnet Wolseley was about to move towards Coomasaie. Criticisms appear in England which appear most plausible. The impatience of officers and men who, playing pawn, know less of the working of the game than even friends, in England, fans the excitement ; the House of Commons, truly reflecting the feeling of the: country, begins to be agitated. The consequence is, 43 re ference to ' Hansard' will prove, that in each of , these campaigns during all tiiat period oft preparation which Is essential, to rapid action the Governmbnt continuously more and more loses the support of the country. Ministers become alarmed, and write or telegraph to the General to do : something for heaven's sake, though that something may imperil all. : M. Henri Rochefort writes strongly in , favour olthe 'Boulangistmovement,' which he says has in reality a twofold character — it is at once patriotic and antiParlia mentary.. Boulatger'a public utterance is ? — ' If I wished war I should be a foci ; if I did .not prepare for war I should be a currish traitor.' He when in office got the Lebel rifle manufactured for . the army at : the rate of 1,000 rifles per , day, his : ?uccesBors are satisfied with 300. Ab General Boulanger is convinced that the ; revision of the Constitution ia the first; moat ; urgentandmostindispensableof all reforms, he will not cease to demand it in season and out of season. His Parliamentary opponents will reject any reform which he ? proposes. Three years ago almost any: Radical or Oppositionist would have: agreed that the safety of the Republic, ; perhaps of France, depends on this reform. The French Senate, based on restricted suffrage, is Invested with powers equal to those of the popular Chamber. No second Chamber In Europe has such extensive rights. The House of Lords has no voice; on money bills. The Boulangists pro pose to educate the electorate through their voices and their few, but influential,; newspapers, up to the recognition of the fact that the many and grievous faults of the existing Republic are inherent in the Monarchist Constitution of 1875. r Mr. Swinburne continues his studies of 'Ben Jonson,' and Professor Dowdeh's; address to the English Goethe. Society On u finflfchfi in Italv' ia a literary article of great insight and delicacy. Although nothing essential was added to the poefs nature by his two years' residence in Italy, that was the time when he came into full and happy possession of himself ; then for the first time he was at harmony with bimBelf and the world around him, and the two parts of his complex nature were, organically united. . :.,.:...'.[ Mr. Andrew Lang writes appreciatively, on 'Lucian,' and there is also an excefc lent article in 'MacmSlaw by Mr. Traili; called forth by the publication of a trans lation' in .Bonn's . series. . Mr. 31 D, Bourchier gives notes of a journey or progress through Bulgaria with1 Prince Ferdinand.' Miss F. Mabel Robinson writes on f 'Pawnbrokisg in- England and Abroad.' Mr. E. Carpenter writes a short pithy article on ' Custom' and the veteran Herbert Spencer 'concludes the Fortnightly with a characteristc study of the Ethics of Kant, criticising keenly his conception of moral worth. The concluding paragraph will causa regret to many who, agree with, and many who differ from hun. 'I had intended to criticise, with kindred results, I think, three other cardinal points in Kant's doctrine, but am obliged to abandon the intention. A state of health such that the foregoing pages, commenced in the middle of March, I have been unable to complete till the first week in June, compels me now to desist.' : , 