A trick elephant in Chicago, United States, t has died of a broken heart, owing to the death of an elk which, the elephant was partial to; Imagine ;the strong, able-l=odied elephant. stricken with the tender passion, and pining s for a sign of recognitions from the elk in the menagerie. Observe the :two animals, with eyes for no other animal, just contented in each other's company. Love looks love to eyes which spake again, and all that. Imagine the jealousy of the elephant if the polar bear should wink at the elk, or throw a kiss with his great paw at the elephant's ownest own. Only the chain around the elephant's leg, and; the cage of -the bear, would prevent a tragedy. And then think of the suffering of the elephant when his beloved elk was pining away from having I swallowed the wire band that came around a bale of hay. At first the elk, perhaps, was only pale, and refused feed. The attendant would mix a grand mash, and some delicious cut feed, warm.'with' steaming dish water, but the elk would smile her thanks to the attendant,, and decline to eat. The end of the elk was nigh, and the loving elephant could only wait for the end, giving such loving attention to the stricken one as the rules of the menagerie allowed. Thosewho visited the show, and saw the elephant perform his tricks in a mpechanical way, little knew the burden he bore. His thoughts were with the dying elk, and when his duties were at' an end, how he hurried back to his beloved elk, to hold her in his strong embrace as life went out. Tenderly he laid her down and then went to work to die on his own hook. The cheers of the audience had no charms for the elephant after the elk was dead, and he laid down and breathed a sigh, ,gave up the ghost, and both were buried in the same grave. Who is it says, with beaming eyes, She thinks a cottage paradise, And scorns the proud and worldly-wise? A lady-love. Who is it pouts and, glancing down,:. Says "We must leave since Neighbour Brown Has taken that fine house in townI ? " A wife. Who is it cries with modest tone Tbat all her care for dress has flown ; She wishes for my love alone? A lady-love. Who is it weeps and thinks it mean That I should view with slightest spleen Those bills for silk and crinoline ? A:: wife. Who gazes oft from star to star, And says, with smile more brilliant far, She "rather likes a good cigar ? " A lady-love. Now, when I smoke, who rings the bell To bid them open the windows well- The room has such a horrid smell ? A wife. They were walking home from the lecture, discussing the merits of the able and scholarly discourse to which' they had been listening. "'Tis seldom," said the young lady,. "that I have been carried away by a speaker. He was so logical--so 'clear and convincing. Don't you think so?" "I do indeed," replied her escort, "and furthermore it is not often that you find a man with such a perfect and ready commandof language. It was a treat not soon to be forgotten." " Yes, :he talks like a book. " " That is not at all surprising," the young man went on to say, "because, he is a-tome on the sub ject." "Just so ; quite at home on the sub ject, as you say." "Yes, at home-a-tome l Ha Ihal Don't you see?" "Yes, Isee; you mean he is thoroughly acquainted with what he was talking about, But I don't see ! what there is to laugh about it." He gave a despairing groan and lapsed into silence. He has since been heard to remark that a women never can catch on to a joke, any 1 how. A swede, Peter Anderson' bly name, is the champion eater of this country, and physicians who have examined him say ;that le has a double stomach. To people Swho enjoy a good meal and are able to in Sdulge themselves to their heart's content, a double stomach would undoubtedly be looked upon as a blessing, but it would be rather Sunhandy for an Arctic explorer or a sun downer to have concealed under his vest. It is bad enough to get hungry with one small, nimdersized stomach, but to have two Sadult stomachs singing a duet would be more than a man could stand. Peter can consider himself in luck that providence sawfit to' cast his lot in a land of abund ance There are men who believe that the pick ing up of a pin will bring good luck, and will go out of their way to pick one up. A man named Griffin has, up to very recently, 'held very rigidly to this belief, although to his knowledge, no pin has ever brought him luck. He was passing the post office the other day, and while bending over to pick up a pin his bat fell off and rollel into the Street, his collar split, his suspenders gave away at the r-ar, and his false teeth fell:out on the pavement 'and were shattered. Now when he sees a pin he grinds it with his heel. A prominent woman's rights advocate says that the coming woman will have her own bank account. It has also been re ported that the -coming man will have neither teeth nor hair, but this.bank account business'will even the things up nicely, and the, youth of to-day-need not pity the com ing man, foi if he marries 'the. coming woman he can use part of her bank account with which to purchasei teeth and hair, and still have enorigh left, probably to live upon in comfort. -.' - A somnambulist,.in Gippsland got' up in his sleep on a recent night and nloughed half an acre df ground' belonging to a neighbor. Since then every farmer within five miles has taken down his fence and left his plough out in the field with the horses harnessed to it, in the vain hope that the sleep-walker will give.him a call. There are men in this world who, when they filnd a party who is ignorant on a sub ject with .which- they' are familiar, take a fiendish' delight in enlightening him, but sometimes these' smart gentleman' make blunders. A New Zealand judge 'did not know what a cartoon was, and a young sprig of the law, with his hair briushed back from his forehead, undertook to enlighten the dignified judge.- Now, he might'have done this in a few words, but unwisely thought to be funny, and, taking a pencil and paper, drew a picture of a jackass with the judge's head attached... His face was wreathed in smiles as he handed his work of art to'the old man, but it changed to a look of esadness when, a moment later, he was fined five pounds for contempt of court. "John Russell was sentenced at Birming ham to 15 years' penal servitude. Prisoner bad been twice sentenced to penal servitude for life."--Daily" Paper. Two terms of penal servitude - For life this thief has had,' And now another 15 years Should surely make him glad. The virtuous and the honest man 'But oine short life has got ; i Yet he who robs with violence Wduld seem to have a lot. 