RETURN OF THE ROMAN CATHOLIC BISHOP OF BAL- LARAT. RECEPTION CEREMONY. FeOM ODB CORBKarO.VDENT.J BALLAKAT, SATUHDAT. Dr. Moore, Human Catholic Bishop of Bal- who had boon absent froin tho colony for o\ >r 12 months, returned to Bnllarat to-day, R» jm 1 Hu lied hy about 40 prieiLi and nuns for the diooeso. Among tho ocole3iaiitioa arc the Hon. and Kev. Plunkett, brother of the Karl of King 111, and tho Rev. I'vufu, and other Fathers of the Holy Ghost, who aro about to establish a Roman Catholic oollogo in BuUar&t.; Thero are atso a numbor of .ooular priests aud nuns, among the latter being a number of Sisters of Nazaret h, who are to take charge of an otphanugo at Lake Wendoureo, whioh institution will ha open to all croods and nationalities. Tho Hon. anil Kev. 1'luukott, who belongs to the Uodemptorist Order, will join tho Rovs. O'Fuircll, Halson and O'Noil in founding a monastery at AVindermere, a rural district a short dis tanco from Ballarat. It may he added that the purchase of tho college, the monastery and tho orphanage has been defrayed from the private purse of Dr. Moore, the whole oosting about £9000, aud theso institutions were to-day formally handed over to the Roman Catholics of the diooeso. About 7000 porBons assembled at the western railway station to ro- otlve the bishop and party, who camo by the train arriving froin Melbourne at 4 o'olook. On tho platform were the reoepcion committee, in cluding Mr. D. Brophy, J.P.; Mr. K, Murphy, M.L.A; Mr. j. J. Fitzgerald, J.P.; Mr. J. Oognlau, J.P.; and other leading ' members of the Roman Catholic Church. As the train steamed into the station loud cheers Were given by tho large assemblage. Subse quently a prooession was formed, lieadod by the H.A.C.B. Society, carriages containing the bishops, ecolesiastics aud nuns following, tho whole in&rohing; -through tho streets to St. Patrick's Cathedral, which was thronged by a congregation Whioh embraced representatives of many Protestant denominations. Tho oercmouy of enthroning the bishop having been performed, the priests, anus and attendants took up their positions in the aanotuary, immediately in front of tho altar railings. Hero his lordship was presumed witli a numbor of boautifui aud oostly addresses from the clorgy of the dioocse, the laity, the Holy Family, tho Hibernian Society, tho female branch of tho lioly Family (who also gave a purse of sovereigns for the Sisters of Nazareth Orphanage Fund), and from tho Christian Dootrinu Sooiety. Bishop Moore, who was robed in purple, and woro tho gold chain and cross of the urelato, was then esoortod to tho pulpit by the Rev. Fathers Cleary aud Doyle. in reply to tho kindly expression of feeling oontainod in the addresses, his lor dub ip, who appeared extremely ner vous, returned his warmest thanks. Ho expressed gratitudo to God for boing ouco moro among ills people, who had been in his thoughts and constantly remombercd in his prayers. He then reviewed the work dono by him for the diocese during his absence in Europe, and referred to the Jubiico of tbo Pontiff and to the orowned heodB of Europe souding envoys to his Holiness with nrusents and cordial grcoting. Speaking of education in Viotoria, Bishop Moore raid " If we mean to keep up our Catholic schools — a determina tion, I think, whioh facts abundantly tost — it is obvious we must rely on ourselves for the re dress of our griovanoes. Wo must uso tho power put into our hands by a just and well balanced constitution. In that constitution even minorities have a plaoe und an importance. IVe are a strong minority, whoso strength should not be ignored. United, disciplined aud resolute Catholics can at the polling booths and iu Par liament vindicate rights wliich, bused on even justico to all, threaten neither country nor Govcrnmont. Consider thu excmplo presented in thoso past years by tho land from which many of us have corns. The systematio misgoveramcnt of that country was notorious to the world. Vet it was only when its people took up their own cause in a constitutional way, and in good earnest, that a change began to ap pear iu the attitude of thoir rulers. 1 have looked closely into tho electoral organisation of Iroland. It is simply perfect of its kind. 1 could wish we had ono or two Buoh men to register and organise the Catholio votos of this diocese." Altera few more remarks his lordship, alluding to his visit tolreland, said, "1 witnessod with unbounded satisfaction tho strong faith and undying patriotism of the Irish people, but I was pained and shocked to behold tho barbarous treatment to which thoy are sub jected in the name of law and order. In no land, muoh less in these pros perous colonies, have I seen such distress and misery amongst the people, and yet this condition, so far from awakening sympathy in tho hearts of the administrators of the Govornmont, seems hut to intensify their hatred and con tempt At tho same tune, when I saw all that was neing done hy good men throughout Great Britain, I felt as you do, that this is just the dark hour before the dawn, Meanwhile I con sider wo ore bouud to strain every nerve, con tributing towards the triumph of that sacred cause. Iu thiB oonnoction I cannot help expressing satisfaotiou that the Irishmen of my diocese took no senseless lino of action on a recent occasion whon tho Holy Seo deemod it advisable to commuuicato certain decisions to tho bishops of Ireland. Truo, tho cnomios of Ireland and of the Papacy sought to mako capital out of that event, but havo failod. No word, no wish, emanating from Loo XIII. can be construed in condemnation of Ireland's con stitutional efforts to recover her Parliamentary freedom. He has been pained buyond concep tion that any of his Irish children oonfd havo been misled for a moment to enter tain tile merest suspicion ou that point. Iu my lost interview with tho Holy Father beforo leaving for Australia, I iiad occasion to know his seutimonts on tho Irish question. I can assert that ho ia our truo friend, aud that much he does for Ireland is not uow duly appre ciated becauso cireumstanoos prevent it from being genorally known. Having referred to the very groat Interest tho pontiff takes in the progress of tbo chureh in Australia, Bishop Moore concluded his address by stating that he hod purchased in Europo a number of valuablo statues and ornaments for St. Patrick's Cathe dral. It may be added also that whon in Italy he scoured a painting for presentation to tho Ballarat Fino Art Gallery, of which he is a vice- president. To-day at St. Patrick's Cathedral there was Pontifical high mass. Tho Rov. Prof. Keffo, a French divine, preached, and at the conoluslou of his sermon he made an apjioal on behalf of the Ballarat oharitios, to-day. being the Sunday on which collcotious are mado at all tho churches in Ballarat on behalf of the local oharitios. 