Amateurs. Mil, S. J, Fergusson, a well-known amateur vocalist of Parramatta, Now South Wales, who has beon ovor ready to lend his services for aharitable and other purposes, has arrived In Melbourne, where he intends to reside permanently. MB. Montagu Pym, who has arrived from Dunedin, and intends to stay in Molbaurne, is a highly accomplished amateur in aomlc opera. Miss Johnson, who has come over to reside witih Mr. and Mrs. Pym, is also a distinguished New S^aland amateur, TriB annual Shakespearian revival by the Boscians takes plaee, under dis« tinguished patronage, at the Melbourne Theatre Boyal, on Tuesday next, when " As you like It " will bo produood with the following oast i-. Banished Duke ... Mr. Hector TG. Hall Dnke Frodorlek ... Mr. G. M. Greor Amiens ... Mr. T. W. Thompson Jacques Mr. P. J, Duggan Lq Beau ... Mr. D. IS. Bobertson Ohnrles Mr. 13. W. Oamm Oliver Mr. O. M. Davles Jaoques de Bola ... Mr, 0, Vordant Orlando Mr, A, G. Staeh Adam . ... . Mr. D. Patterson Touahstone Mr. Jas, Dawbarn Oorlu ... ... ... Mr. W. Danyer Sylvius ... ... Mr, D, CJosgrovo William ., .. Mr. D. Walters Bosnlind .. Miss Maggie Knight Audroy ,, Miss Flora Anstoad tlytnon .. ,, Miss Sam Lewis "Hamlet" is to follow, and tUo oast will bo as follows i-> Claudius Mr. 0.10. Groon Hamlot Mr. P, J, Duggan Horatio ... .. Mr. A, Gf. titaoh Potonlus Mr, Jas, Dawbarn Liurtaa Mr, Ueatorli), Hall Ghost , , .. Mr O. M, Davies Bosonarants'. Mr. 10, Adams Gulldonstom ... Mr, W, Dangor Marcollus ,,, ... Mr. D. I'nttoraon Uornardo . Mr. .D, Walters Franulsao Mr. J, CJosgrovo Osrlo ... Mr. D, Jamas First Gmmllyiiar ... ,,,Mr. J, Dalton Second GmvoUlggor Mr, D, 3i). Bobortson FlrHt l'layor... . ,,, Mr. H, 1:1, Jklwln tiocond Player ,,, Mr, O, Q, Mtilouhy Priest ... ,,, ... Mr, M, Allan Ctortriulo ,,, ,,,Mlsa Flora Anutoad Gphollii ... MIbb Mngglo Knight Wii) have roooivod the following from ono who judges without projutlloo i "Doing u groat admirorof fclio Australian pootiH, I wont to tho Juvonilu Inhibition on Friday night to hoar tho roultuin of tho ohosott hIX who wore oompoting for tho ton utul IIvo yulnou prlaoti, ami must, llirouglt thu uohnnuH of your j juriml, ux« proHH my astonishment at tlio result jml>« Ilshod In tho AV(/HH, I am ([ttito lit a loss to understand upon what qualifica tion of elocutionary exoellenoe the firat was awarded to Miss Dunn. If loudness and improper emphasis, added to awkward and meaningless gesticula tion, counted as suitable requisites, then was Miss Dunn entitled to be first; but,. if quality, ra*ge, and management of voice, natural and unstudied delivery, with graceful and appropriate actions, form qualifications for good reciters, then were Miss Ellis and Miss Smith unfairly treated, and Miss Harris, though paying more attention to dramatio effect, per haps, than to the manly seatimenti of the poem, still it was most praiseworthy, and deserved to be placed, but this com petition, I suppose, like most competitions now-a- daya, went not by merits but by f≀" A DBAMATIO performance by the members of the Warner Amateur Dramatic Olub took place at the North Melbourne Town Hall, on July 24, when they produced a flve- aot drama called Held by an Oath to a fair attosdanoe. Miss ifttia Yere played the heroine Olive with great faithfulness and taste, whilst the part of Bruoo Kingston was taken by Mr, G, W. Sutherland, an ama teur of great promise. The other parts were filled very creditably by members of the Glu»>. The play was a genuine Bucoess, and was loudly applauded, The small part of Peggy, an amorous servant maid, was made the most of by Miss Ada Beaumont. THE) production of Dion Bouolcault's drama Colleen Bawn, by a combination of Northaoto and Olifton Hill Dramatic clubs on Friday and Saturday evenings last, was a success in every sense. The following was the oast i-MUes-na Ooppaloen, Mr, 0, Phillips. Danny Mann, Mr. A. Waterman, Ivyrle Daly, Mr. Oyril Young. Father Tom, Mr, F, Daniels. Mr. Oorrigan, Mr. J. W. Haoketh Hardress Oregan, Mr. J. Qal vln. Shoelah, Mr. A. S. Groom. Iflily O'Connor, Miss Lena Waterman. Anne Ohuto, Miss S, Plant, Mrs. Oregan, Miss Halett. Bertie O'Moore, Mr. F. Wicks. Mias Plant may bo aomplimontod for her spirited impersonation, and lino stage presomia as Anne Chute, this being her first appearance Bho may bo considered a docldod. acquisition to the olub. Miss Lona Waterman, as tha peasant girl, Iflily O'Oonnor, looked simple aud pretty, tho character suiting her thoroughly. Miss Halett played In a capable manner the part of Mrs. Oregan, Tho acting of Mr. J. Galvln. as Hardress Cregan, was highly effective, but his dollvory was rather marred by an ovor desiro to bo distinctly hoard, Mr. Wator man's portrayal of Danny Maun shows him to bo a very aapablo amateur, Shoelah, dopiotod by Mr. A, S. Groom, ! was, ns rogards dressing, tho gem of tho ulnae, but rather ovor aoted. Mr. Haolcolt and Mr. Phillips woro very oomloal. Much orodlt is duo to the Boorotary, Mr. A, II. Holnboekol for tho gonoral arrangements, and to tho stage manager, Mr, Ualvin, for tho excellent manner In whloh tho drama wan stayed. Altogether the production wan something momborn may well fool proud of, 