A MOUNTAIN PICNIC TO THE EIGHT-OAR CREWS. After the work is over the play begins, and work, so far as the rival eights were con- cerned, ended with the contest of Saturday afternoon. They went to church, of course, on Sunday, but Sunday over they were fit for anything, and ready, as any good man must have been, to accept the invitation of Messrs. G. W. and J. M. Bruce to a picnic at their mountain home of Fernglen, in the Dandenong Ranges. It was somewhat wet on Monday morning. " There came a wind up out of the sea And said, Oh, ye ships, make room for me! " And the wind brought mist and rain, and claimed room amongst the houses and over the tops of the mountains, and shut in the horizon, near and grey, and chill and sad, opening a day which looked anything but en- couraging for a picnic. "Shall we go ?" was a question asked by at least a score of fellows as they looked out of their bedroom windows, and saw the clouds drive, and heard the rain patter down But they were all good men, and most of them good watermen They knew that their hosts were expectant, and scorned to inflict any disappointment on them or possibly on themselves Moreover, there is an old English saying which some amongst them re membered doubtless If It rains before seven. It clears by eleven," This, at least, seems to testify to something of the sort-they turned up to time at Prince's bridge, and the train started to time, and by 10 o clock they were all on the platform of Ringwood station, with an abundance of traps in waiting to take them up to the mountain. The rain had all gone then, the sun was shining gloriously, and in a very few minutes four traps, well horsed, were rattling away along the road which leads to Fernglen in a valley on the breast of Mount Corranwarabul Mount Corranwarabul is the last bold bluff of that section of the Dandenong Ranges which begins at the One Tree Hill, overlook ing the Ferntree Gully, and extends to the valley of the Yrara. The railway now in course of construction from Ringwood to the gully will skirt the base of these mountains, and a station will be made at Macaulay, from which an easily made road will lead up to all the heights and out to wonderful Sassafras Gully, which will become the crowning glory of the great national park to which the Dandenong state forest must immediately be converted. The Messrs Bruce came up here years and years ago, and pegged out selections, and set about to establish a home, having found for it as fair a site as Australia knows. How they worked at the perfecting of the beauty there, developing everything, destroying nothing, is too long a story to be told here They found a knoll on the great mountain breast (there are hundreds such in the rnnges) with gullies near about clothed with such garni ture of ferns mid lustrous foliage as could not have been woven even in " The roaring loom of time " in less than thousands of years. And they cut the gum trees into building timber, nnd sowed grass benenth the ferns, and taught all manner of heaths and flowers to grow in the place of the bracken carpet, and compelled the creek to flow through a bath house, but still hindered and marred not its music over the pebbles and beneath the ferns, nor de stroyed one of the beautiful lightwoods which keep the perpetual lustre ot their foliage, and yield the odours of their annual blooms within touch almost of the balcony rails In Melbourne not one man in a thousand dreams that so much beauty can exist but 20 miles away, and loud and frequent were the exclamations of surprise as the oarsmen and their companions drove up through the avenue of ferns, and alighted amongst the flowers, with well spread tables on the balcony, and a view over the tops of the lightwoods, and the masts of Sandridge, to the You Yangs by Corio Bay, with the blue water distinctly visible The oarsmen are hungry Everybody is hungry. Nobody but a bricklayer can eat breakfast at 7 o clock inthe morning, and even the bricklayer is beginning to recognise that it is an inopportune time tor eating, and "puts in" a half hour of pretence at work early in the morning, breakfasting at 8 like nny other non society man. One of the chief duties of a host is to anticipate the wants of his guests, and in this duty the Messrs Bruce had not failed There were rounds of beef and roasts of beef, and mountain butter and Gippsland cheese and beer and whisky, and then an invitation to go right up to the mountain head. The way to the mountain head is by the gully, and what a mistake it is to sup pose that there is only one Ferntree Gully in the mountains. Here is a cranny cut out of the mountain face, a mile in length und fair three chains in breadth, which is clothed with such a growth as no gully in Australia could surpass. Here are tree ferns by thousands and tens of thou sands, and beneath them all manner of tender plants of tho fern tribe, luxuriously soft and green, and above them lightwood and gigantic gums, and around them sassa fras and blanket wood, and musk and hazel scrub, and through them a mountain brook, purling and rippling and babbling But there is a stiff climb up the gully, and a stiffer, perhaps, up the cleared brae which leads to the mountain head. We leave the gully half way up, and strike out into the open, the view broadening at every step. Yet the hill is steep- and what are our oarsmen made of? It is a fact that they puffed and blowed when yet a quarter of a mile from the summit, and thought about drinking and talked about sore heads as if they had not been to church on the Sunday. We made the summit, however. We got out on that point which is seen from the sea by every traveller entering the Heads, and which sees the sea and every ship that enters through the Heads, and how much besides ' The Plenty Ranges and the Yan Yean, and the beginning of the Yarra Flats, and all the country that intervenes be- tween the Daandenongs and the coast line " Ah, it is a marvellous view, ' said an oars man right off his training, " but did any man bring a whisky bottle " They are altogether worldlings the watermen. It is a fact that a quarter of an hour later they were playing duckstone around the trig station on Mount Observatory, while the rest of us were overlooking the field of the Magic Lake on the Yarra Flats, and watching the glint of the spicula like dead trees on Mounts Riddell and Juliet, and noting the blue of Westernport seen far away to the right, and the faint blue caps of the Baw Baws on the other side. We could see over more than three-fourths of a possible field of vision, and the oarsmen played "duckstone " Afternoon came to us on the mountain with a blue and white sky and drifting shadows of clouds over all the low lands, and while yet the day was warm we started down the hill, and came so on a new track, to such a dense and lustrous bank of foliage that one of the party - he was not a waterman - stopped, and remarked "And they say there is no colour in the Australian bush." It was the outer edge of an old clearing, and there was an absolute jungle growth before, with all the scrabs of our richest soils intermingled; fern fronds nodding above the lower boughs, and gigantic gums towering far alolt. Mr. Bruce, who has just returned from a travel to the old world, admitted that he had seen neither colour nor form to excel it, and Mr Phil Robinson, who has seen everything, began to talk about Mauritius. If they have to go to Mauritius to beat us, we can afford to indulge in a little blow. But our oarsmen were scourging each other with a bush called Prickly Moses then, and rollicking through the bush, and playing such antics as joung horses play when full of oats, and young men when going down hill and -to dinner. We made easy way down hill, making only one deviation to look at a huge tree, which in some long forgotten age had fallen down of its own too great weight, and stretched across two or three gullies and three or four hills (so Mr. Bruce said, and it was before dinner), and remained there in the bush a relic or a monument of the gigantic power of nature in these prolific regions. Dinner came on the balcony, draped to windward with hangings of a barbaric pattern, looking out on the lawn where the dhalias burned, the heaths glowed, and the chrysanthemums clustered in masses of soft rich colour, with the creek a warbling past, and the potatoes steaming and the turkeys waiting and the champagne fizzing on the board. Heavens! How we ate and drank and talked! No-nobody cared a bit about talk , let the Victorians' victory talk for them, and the New South Welshmen's stiff and gallant struggle for them, and the festive board and the beauty immediately around us for our kind hosts, and the matchless panorama around and before to us all. Still, we did talk a little. Englishmen can't cat without talking, but sometimes cherish a belief that they can't talk if they eat. Mr. G. W. Bruce told rather a good story about this. It was of a gentleman who loved a good dinner, but believed that he could make a good speech, and also that a good speech could only be made on an empty stomach. He said no to soup and fish, entre and joint, ate a spoonful of rice pudding, made a speech that lasted a minute and a half, and then sat down all palpitant and hushed, saying, "I do wish dinner was just going to begin!" It need hardly be said that none of our party practised abstinence, or cherishe vanity of that sort. We ate the turkeys, and we emptied the bottles, and drank to the Queen, and to our hosts and ourselves, like good men and true Oarsmen (out of training) can drink very well, and carry their liquor in seemly fashion too. But I do not know that there was anything said through the drinking that is worth remembering or recording. Our hosts had already spoken by deeds-by their splendid hospitality, their perfect courtesy to us, and their kindly welcome to all citizens and visitors who desire to see what nature has done for Australia, and in their quest come to the gates of Fernglen. All are welcome to the estate of Fernglen, and it is only re quested that they will destroy nothing, and rigorously abstain from that cockney, cad- dish, vexatious, and abominable habit of inscribing their names or initials on any trunk of any tree, or any other object what ever which will bear an impression or permit an incision. We were away about sundown, and a couple at least walked down through the forest, full of memories of a glorious day, yet in sympathy with somewhat strange sur- roundings. How drear and dark seemed the hut there in the gorge, with the wonderful ferns drooping their great leaves to the water Do fairy folk come gliding down them, and drop with laugh and carol to the pebbles below, as of old, when all nature joyed at the nuptials of Arthur and Guinevere, they came " Dashing down on each tall wayside flower" ? Is there no legend of the black bush that mantles the high, steep mountain side? Look at the ghostly trees on the flat. They are, white in the gloaming as spectres, but when the moon shines and the mists rise they clothe themselves as sheeted ghosts, so grey, so spectral, so weird. A marvellous creature is man, and ter ribly easily tired! Who is that coming behind? They are of our party. We are up and away. The moon is bright, the roads seem good, the boys are merry, and in 53 minutes from the time they started from the house the horses rattle into the station yard at Ringwood. And there we get the train, and find a special carriage reserved, and bowl along to Melbourne, and arrive by 8.1 We have been but 12 hours away, and but four of these have been occupied in travel. Truly this colony ot Victoria holds marvellous treasures ot scenery and holiday opportunity of which the vast majority of Victorians know little or nought. 