[AIX RIGHTS RESERVED.] [NOWWRSTPUBLISHBD] THE ARGONAUTS OF NORTH LIBERTY. BY BKET HARTE. Author of " The Luck of Roaring Camp," " In the Carquinez Wooda," Ac. &c.; CHAPTER VIII. {Continued) Following oat an ingenious idea of hie own, Ezekiel called the next day on the Demorests, and in eorae occult fashion obtained an invita- tion to stay under their hospitable roof during his sojourn in Buenaventura. Perfectly aware that he owed this courtesy more to Joan than her husband, it is probable that his grim enjoy- ment was not diminished by the fact ; while Joan, for reasons of her own, preferred the constraint which the presence of another visitor put upon Demorest's uxoriousness. Of late, too, there were times wben Dona Rosita's naive intelligence, which was not unlike the embarrassing perceptions of a bright and half- ¡ spoiled child, was in her way, and she would , willingly have shared the young lady's , company withherhuBbandhod Demorestshown . any sympathy for the girl, lt was in the , faint hope that Ezekiel might in some way , beguile Rosita's wandering attention that she , had invited bim. The only difficulty lay in | his uncouthness, and in presenting to the , heiress of the Pico's a man who bad been j formerly berowo servant. Had she attempted , to conceal that fact she was satisfied that , Ezekiel's independence and natural predilec- f tion for embarrassing situations would have , inevitably revealed it. She bad even gone so . far as to oonsider the propriety of investing < him with a poor relationship to ber family, , when DoSa Rosita herself happily stopped all further trouble. On her very first introduc- , tion to bim, that charming young lady at once j accepted him aa a lunatic whose brains were , turned by occult, scientific, and medical study I | Ab t she. Rosita, bad heaid of such cases | before. Hod not a paternal ancestor of hers, , one Don Diego Castro believed he had dis- c covered the elixir of youth. Had he not to , that end refussd even to wash him the hand, ( to cut him the nail of the finger and the hair , of the head I Exalted by that discovery, , bad he not been unsparingly uncomplimentary £ to all humanity, especially to the weaker sex ? Ï Even as the Señor Corwin I , Far from being offended at tbis ingenious j interpretation ot his character, Ezekiel ex- . hibited a dry gratification over it, and even : conceived an unwholesome admiration of the \ fair critic ; he haunted her presence and pre- c occupied her society for beyond Joan's most , sanguine expectations. Jtteeat inopen-moutlied , enjoyment of her at the table, he waylaid ber f in the garden, he attempted to teach ber , English. Doña Rosita received these extra- , ordinary advances in a no less extraordinary J I manner, in the scant masculine atmosphere B of the bouse and the somewhat rigid New . England reserve that still pervaded it, r perhaps she languished a little, and was not averse to a slight flirtation even with a e madman. Besides, she assumed the attitude . of exercising a wholesome restraint over bim. . " If we are not found dead in our bed one morning, and extracted of our blood for a ( cordial you shall thank to me f os it," she said , to Joan. "Also for the not empoisoning of . the coffee ?" So she permitted bim to carry a chair or f hammock for her into tbe garden, to fetch the ¿ various articles which she was continually , I losing, and which be found with his usual ¡ penetration ; and to supply ber with inform- , ation, in which, however, be exercised an un- ¡ I wonted caution. On the other hand, certain naive recollections and admissions, which in ¿ the quality ot a voluble child she occasionally c i imparted to thu> " madman " in return, were in the proportion of three to one. It had been a hot day, and even the usnal ¡ sunset breeze had failed that evening to rock " the tops of the outlying pine trees or cool the J I heated tiles of the Pueblo roofs. There was a j hush and latent expectancy in the air that re- ¡ I acted upon the people with feverish uorest and uneasiness ; even a lull in the faintly j whispering garden around the Demorest's casa j bad affected the spirits of its inmates, causing them to wander about in vague restlessness. Joan bad disappeared : Dona Rosita, under an olive tree in one of tbe deserted paths, and . attended bytbefaithlul Hzegiel.hadsaiditwas ( " earthquake weather," oed recalled, with a sign of the cross, a certain dreadful day of her , childhood, when el temblor hod shaken down ' oue of the Mission towers. " You shall see it now, as be have left it, so it bas remain, always," she added with superstitious gravity. "That's just the lazy shiftlessness of your folks," responded Ezekiel with prompt un gallantry. "It ain't no wonder the Lord , Almighty hez to stir you up now and then to , keep you goin " Dona Rosita gazed at bim with simple childish pity. " four man ; it have effect j you also io the head, Ibis weather. So I It was even so with the uncle of my father. Hush up yourself, and briog to mc the box of chocolates of my table. 1 will gif to you one. You ebal! for one time have something , pleasant on the end of your tongue, even if you must swallow him after." Ezekiel grinned. " Ye aint afraid o' bein' left alone with the ghost that haunts the , garden, Miss Rosita? " Aftei you-neverr-r." " I'll find Mrs. Demorest and send ber to ye," said Ezekiel, hesitatingly. "Eh, to attract here the ghost? Thank you, no, very mooch." I Ezekiel's face contracted until nothing but ' his bright peering grey eyes could be seen. ( " Attract the ghost ? be echoed. " Then you , kalkilate that its-" he stopped, insinuât- , »ugly. . ttosita brought her fan sharply over his , knuckles, and immediately opened it again over her half embarrassed face. "I comprehend not anything "toekalkalate." Will you go, Don Fantástico ; or is it for me to bring to you ?" ' Ezekiel flew. He quickly found the chocolates sud returned, but was disconcerted on arriving under the olive tree to find Dona Rosita no tonger in the hammock. He turued into a bye path, where an extraordinary circumstance attracted his attention. The air was perfectly still, but the leaves of a maiuaulitia bush near the mis-shapen cactus were slightly Agitated. Presently Kzrkiel saw the stealthy figure of a man emerge from behind ft and approach the cactus. Reaching his hand cautiously towards the plant, the stranger detached something from one of its thorn-, and instantly disappeared. The quick eyes of Ezekiel had seen that it was a letter, his unerring perception of faces recognised at the same moment that the intruder was none other than the handsome, reckless-looking man be had Been the other day io conference with Mateo. But Ezekiel was not the only witness of this strange intrusion. A frw paces from bim, Dona Robita, unconscious of bia return, was gazing io a half frightened, breathless absorp- tion in the direction of the stranger's flight. " Wa'al !" drawled Ezekiel lazily. She started and turned towards him. Her face was pale and alarmed, and yet to the critical eye of t zckiel it seemed to wear an expression of gratified relief. She laughed faintly. " Ef that's the kind o' ghoBt you hev about yer, it's a healthy one," drawled Ezekiel. He turned sud fixed hie keen eyes on hnBita's i face. " I wonder »hat kind o' fruit grows on . the cactus that he's so fond of ?" j Either she bsd uot eeeu the abstraction of | thc letter, or ber acting was perfect, for she > returned his loth unwaveringly. " The fruit, eh ? I have not comprehend." j "Wa'al, I reckon I will," said Ezekiel. ; He walked toa ania the cactus ; there was '. nothing to be reen but its thorny spikes, He \ was confronted, hon-cver.by the sudden appar- i itiou of Joan from behind the manzavthia at ! its side. Mte looked up and glaDced from Ezekiel to Dona Rnsita with an agitated air. "Oh, you eaw him too?" she said eagerly. I "I reckon," answered Ezekiel, with his eyes Btill on Rosita. " I was wondering what oo airtb he wu so taken with thst sir cactus for." Hoe!ta had become slightly pate again in the presence of her friend. Joan quietly pushed ezekiel aside and put ber arm around Ker. " Are you frightened again ?" she asked, in a low whisper. "Not mooch," returned Rosita, without lifting ber eyes. " lt was only some peon, trespassing to pick blossoms for hts sweetheart," she said signifi- cantly, with aglance towards Ezekiel, " let us go in." I She passed her hand through Rosita's passive arm and led her towards the house, Ezekiel's penetrating eyes still fulloning Rosita with an expression oi gratified doubt. Kor once however, that astute observer was wrong. When Mrs. UemoreBt bad reached the house she slipped into ber own room, and, bolting the door, drew from her bosom a letter which ehe had picked from the cactus thorn, and read it with a flushed face and eager eyes. It may have been the effect of thepnenomenal weather, but the next day a malign influence seemed to pervade the Óemorest household. Doña riosita was confined to her room by an I attack of languid nerves, superinduced, as she was still voluble enough to declare, by the I narcotic effect of some unknown herb which the lunatic Ezekiel bad no douot mysteriously administered to her with a view of expert- , mooting on its properties. She even avowed j that shu must speedily return to Los Osos, ' before Ezekiel should further compromise her i reputation by putting her on a coloured label i in place of the usual Celestial Distributor of tbe Panacea. Ezekiel himself, who had been singularly abstracted and reticent, and bad i absolutely foregone one or two opportunities j of disagreeable criticism, had gone to the pueblo early that morniug. The bouBO was I comparatively silent and deserted when De- i morest walked into his wife's boudoir. It waa a pretty room, looking upon the < garden, furnished with a singular mingling of I her own inherited formal taste und the more i sensuous colouring aBd abandon of her new I life. There were a great many tugs and hangings scattered in disorder around the j room, and apparently purposeless, except for i colour ; there was a bamboo lounge as large I as a divan, with two or three cushions 1 disposed on it, and a low chair that seemed i the incarnation of indolenoe. Opposed to c tbis, on the wall, was the rigid picture of her i grandfather, who bad apparently retired with < his volume further into the canvas before tbe i spectacle of this ungodly opulence ; a large < bible on a funereal trestle-like stand, and the j primmest and barest of writing tables, before < which she was standing aa st a sacrificial altar. I Witb on almost mechanical movement she < closed ber portfolio as ber husband entered, i and also shut the lid of a small box with a ] slight snap. This suggested exclusion of him from her previous occupation, whatever it i might have been, caused a faint shadow of c pain to pass across bis loving eyes. Ble cast j a glance at his wife os if mutely asking ber to sit beside him, but she drew a chair to the . table, and witb her elbow resting on the box, t resignedly awaited his speech. c " 1 don't mean to disturb you darling," he 1 said, gently, " but aa we were alone, I thought t we might have one of our old-fashioned talks, ' and-* " Don't let it be so old-fashioned as to e include North Liberty again," elie interrupted, e wearily. " We've had quite enough of that 1 since 1 returned." i " I thought you found fault with me then 1 for forgetting the past. But let that pasB, dear ; it is not our affairs I wanted to talk to i you about now," he said, stifling a sigh, "lt's < about your friend. Please don't misunder- 1 stand what I am going to say ; nor that I « interpose except from necessity." i She turned her dark brown eyes in his f direction, but ber glance passed abstractedly < over his head into the garden. < "It's a matter perfectly well-known to me I -and, I fear, to all our servants aleo-that 1 somebody is making clandestine visits to our * garden. I would not trouble you before, . until I ascertained the object of these visits. It is quite plain to me now that Doña Rosita ? is that object, and that communications are ' secretly car.'ied on between her and some un- ? known stranger. Hehss been here onceor twice I before ; be was here again yesterday. Ezekiel ? saw him and saw her." . "Together?"asked Mrs, Demorest,sharply. ? " No ; but it was evident that there was < some understanding, and that some communi- cation pasBed between them." < " Well ?" said Mrs. Demorest, with re- < pressed impatience. I "It ts equally evident, Joan, that this < stranger is a man who does not dare to < approach your friend in her own house, nor 1 more openly in this ; but who, with ber con- 1 nivancs, uses us to carry on an intrigue which may be perfectly innocent, but is certainly i compromising to all concerned. I am quite 1 willing to believe that Dofia Rosita is only 1 romantic and reckless, but that will not 1 prevent her from becoming a dupe of some 1 rascal who dare not face us openly, and who certainly does not oct as her equal." I " Well, Rosita is no chicken, and yon are not ber guardián." < There was a vague heartlessness, more in ber voice than in her words, that touched him 1 as hvr cold indifference to himself had never 1 done, and for an instant stung his crushed, spirit to revolt. "No," he said, stern!]',' 1 " but I am her father's friend, and I shall not allow his daughter to be compromised under my roof." Her eyes sprang op to meet his in hatred as promptly as they bsd once met in love. " And since «ben, Richard Demorest, have you become so particular?" she began, with dry asperity " Siooe you lured me from the side of my wedded husband ? Since you met mt clandestinely in trains and mode love to mt under sn assumed name ? Since you followed me to my h"use under the pretext of being my husband's friend, and forced me-yes, forced me-to see you secretly under my mother's roof? Did you think of compromising me then ? Did you think of raining my reputation, of driving my husband from his borne io despair? Did you call yourself a rascal then ? Did-" " Stop I" he said, in a voice that shook the rafters ; " I command you, stop !" She had gradually worked herself from a deliberately insulting precision into a hysteri- cal, and it ia to be feared a virtuous, convic- tion of her wrongs. Beginning only with the instinct to taunt and wound the man before her, she hsd been led by a secret conscious- ness of something eLe he did not know to anticipate his reproach and justify herself in a wihl feminine abandonment of emotion. But she stopped at his words. For a moment she was even thrilled again by the strength and imperiousness she had loved. They were facin* each other after five years of mistaken passion, even as they had faced each other that night in her mother's kitchen. But the grave of that dead passion yawned between them. It was Joan who broke the Bilcnce, that after her Bingle outburst seemed to fill and oppress the room. " As far as Rosita is concerned," she said, with affected calmness, " she is going to-night. And you probably will not bc troubled any longer by your mysterious visitor." Whether he heeded the sarcastic signifi- cance of her last sentence, or even heard her at all. be did not reply. For a moment he I turned his blazing eyes full upon her, and then without a word strode from the room. She walked to the door and stood uneasily I listening in the passage until she heard the I clatter of hoofs iu th< paved patio, «nd knew ; that he bad ordered his horse. Then ehe turned back relieved to her room. I It waa already sunset when I iemorest drew . rein again at tue entraucc of the corroí, and , thc la>t stroke of the ángelus was ringing j from the mission tower. He looked haggard -, and exhausted, and bis horse wa« flecked with ' foam and dirt Wherever he bad been, or for ; what object, or whether nbjectlcBS and dazed, i be had simply sought to lose húrwelf in aim ! lesaly wandering ox-er the dry yellow hills or Itu careering furiously among his own wild cattle on the arid brittle plain ; whether he bad lieaten all thought from his brain with the jarring leap of his horse, or whether be hsd pursued some vague and elusive determination to hú own door, is not essential to this brief chronicle. Enough that when he dismounted he drew a pistol from his holster and replaced it in his pocket. He had just pushed open the gate of the corral as he led in his hone by the bridle, when be noticed another horse tethered among some cotton woods than shaded the outer wall of his garden. As he gazed, thc figure of a man swung lightly from one of tbe upper boughs of a cotton wood upon the wall, and disappeared on the other side. It was evidently the clandestine visitor. Demorest was in no mood for trifling. Hurriedly driv- ing bis horse into the enclosure with a sharp cut of his riata. be closed the gate upon him, slipped past tbe intervening space into the patio and then unnoticed into the upper part of the garden. Taking a narrow byepatk in the direction of the cotton woods that could be seen above the wall, be presently came in sight of the object of hts search moving stealthily towards the house. It was tho work of a moment only to dash forward and seize him, to find himself engaged in a sharp wrestle, to half draw bis pistol as he struggled with his captive in the open. But once in the clearer light he started, bia grasp of the stranger relaxed, and be fell back in be- wildered terror. "Edward Blandford ! Good God !" The pistol had dropped from his band as he leant breathless against a tree. The stranger kicked the weapon contemptuously aside. Then quietly adjusting his disordered dress, j and picking the brambles from bis sleeve, he said with the same air of disdain, " Yes t Edward Klandford, whom you thought dead 1 There I I'm not a ghoBt-though you tried to mske me one this time sure," be said, point- ing to the pistol. Demorest passed his hand across bis white face, "Then it's you-and you have come here fo.- for-Joan f" "For Joan?" echoed Blandford, with a quick scornful laugh, that mode the blood now back into Demorest's face as from a blow, and recalled hie scattered senses. " For Joan," be repeated, " Not much !" The two men were facing each other in irreconcilable yet confused antagonism. Both were still excited and combative from their late physical struggle, but with feelings so widely different that it would have been impossible foreitherto have comprehended the other. In the figure that hod apparently risen from tbe dead to confort him. Demorest only saw the man be had unconsciously wronged-the man who bad it in his power to claim Joan and exacta terrible retribution 1 But it was part of this monstrous »nd irre- concilable situation that Blandford had ceased to contemplate it, and iu his preoccupation only saw the actual interference of a man whom he no longer bated, but had. begun to He glanced coolly around him. " Whatever we've got to say to each other," he said deliberately, " hail better not be overheard. At least what / have got to say to you." Demorest, now as self-possessed at his adversary naughtily waved his hands towards the path. They walked on in silence, with- out even looking at each other, until, they reached a small summer-bouse that stood la thc angle of the wall. Demorest entered. " Wc cannot be heard here," he said curtly. " And we can see what is going on. Good," said Blandford, coolly following him. The summerhouse contaiued a beach and a table. Blandford seated himself on the Iwnch. De- morest remained standing beside the table. There was a moment's silence. *' I cime here with no desire to see you or avoid you," said Blandford with cold indiffer- ence. "A few week ago I might perhaps, have avoided you, tor your own sake. But since then I have learned that among the many things I owe to-to your wife, is the fact that rive years ago she secretly divorced me, and tliat consequently my living piesonce could neither be a danger or a menace to you. I see," he added dryly, with a quick glance at Denoreste horror-stricken face, "that I waa also* told the truth when they «aid you were as ignorant of the divorce as 1 wat." He stopped, half insurpriseat his adversary's shame, hali in surprise of bis own power. Five years before, in the tumultuous conscious- ness of his wrongs, he would have scarcely trusted himself face to face with the cooler and more self-controlled Demorest. He won- dered at, and partly admited his own coolness now, io the presenoe of his enemy's con- 1 fusion. " AB your mind is at rest on that point," he continued sarcastically, " I don't suppose you care to know what became of me wheo I left North Liberty. But as it happens to have something to do with my being here to-night, and is part of my business with you, you'll have to listen to it. Sit down ! Very well, then-stand up ! It's your own house." His half cynical, wholly contemptuous ignoring of the real issue between them, was more crushing to Demorest than the keenest reproach or most tragic outburst. He did not lift his eyes as Blandford resumed in a dry business like way : " When I came across the plains to Cali- fornia, I fell in with a man about my own age -an emigrant also. I suppose I looked and acted like a-fool through all tbe journey, for he satisfied himself that I had eouie secret reason for leaving the States, and suspected that I was like himself-a oriminaL 1 after- wards learned that he was an escaped thief and assassin. Well, he played upon me all the way here, for 1 didn't care to reveal u.y trouble to him, lest it should get back to North Liberty-ir" he interrupted himself with a sarcastic' laugh-"of course, you understand that all thu while Joan was get- ting lier divorce unknown to me, and you were marrying her-butas/didu't know any- thing about it I let him compromise me to save her. But-" he stopped, his eye kiodled. and, losing his self-control in what to Demo- rest seemed some tncof- erent passion, went on excitedly ; " That man coolinued his persecu- tion here-ye», fuere, in this very house, wtieie I was a trusted and honoured guest, and threatened to expose me to-to a pure, inno- cent, simple girl who had taken pity on me - unless I helped him in a conspiracy of cattle stealers and road agents, of which hs was chief. I was such a cursed sentimental fool then, that, believing him capable of exposing me, beleving myself still the husband of thai, woman, your wife, and to spare that innocent girl the shame ot me, I putchased his silence by consenting. May God curse me for it." He had started to his feet with fLahiag eyes, and the indication of an overmastering passiou that to Demorest, absorbed ooly in the stupifying revelation of bis wife's divorce and the horrible doubt it implied, seemed utterly vacant and unmeaning. He had often dreamed of Blandford as standing before Lim, reproachful, indignant, and even desperate over his wife's unfaithfulness ; but this implacable fury over some trivial wrong done to this plump, baby-faced, flirting DoBi Rosita, crushed him by its unconscious obliteration of Joan and himself more t thau the most violent denunciation. Dazed and bewi dered, yet with thc instinct of a helpless man, he clung only to th it part of H andford's story which indicated that he had come there for Rosita, and not to sc. crate him from Joan, and even turned to his fjrincr friend with a half-embarrassed gesture of apology as he stammered " Then it was you who have bren here to ! see her. Forgive me, Ned-if 1 hal only I known it." He stopped and timidly extended Iiis hand. But blandford put it aside «¡th a cold gesture aod folded his arms. ) " Von have forgotten all you ever knew of ' me, Demorest ! / am not in tbe habit of mak I ing clandestine appointments with helpless womeo, whoBe natural prospectors 1 dare uoi ? face. / have never (UrsueJ an innocent girl 1 to the house I dared not enter. When I found ; that I could not honourably retain l>,.fia ' 1 Koita's affection, I fled her roof ; when I i believed than cr« n if 1 broke with this r scoundrel-as I did-1 was Btiil legally if not , morally tied to your wife, and could not marry Rosita, I left her never to return. Aud r I tore my heart out to do it." 1 The tears were standing in bis eyes. De e morest regarded him again with vacant e wonder. Tears !-not for Joan's uniaithiul i ness to him-bnt for this silly girl's transitory a ' sentimentalism. It was horrible ? And yet what waa Joan to him now ? Why should he weep for the woman who had nevor loved him-whom he loved no longer ? Th« woman who had deceived him-who had' deceived them both ! YOB ( for Joan must I have suspected that Blandford was living to have sought her accret divorce-and yet she had never told him-Wm-the man for whom she got it. Ah I he must not forget tltat ' It was to marry bim that she had taken that step. It was perhaps a foolish caution-a mistaken reservation ; but it was the folly the mistake of a loving wuman. Ile hugged this belief the closer, albeit he was conscious, at the same time, of following Blandford's story of his alienated affection with a feeling of wonder and envy. " And what was the result of this touching sacrifice ?' continued Blandford, trying to resume his former cynical indifference. "I'll tell you. This scoundrel sc t himself about to supplant me. Taking advantage of my absence, his knowledge that her affection for me was heightened by the mystery of my life, and trusting to profit by a personal resem- blance he is said to bear to me, he began to haunt her. Lately he has grown bolder, and he dared even to communicate with her here. For it is he," he continued, again giving way to his passion, " this dog, this sneaking coward, who visite the place unknown to you ; and thinks to entrap the poor girl through her memory of ms. And it ia he that I came here to prevent, to expose-if necessary to kill ! Don't misunderstand me. I have mode myself a deputy of the law for that purpose. I've a warrant in my pocket, and i shall take him, this mongrel, half-breed Cherokee Bob, by fair means or foul !" The energy and presenoe of his passion was so infectious that it momentarily swept away Demorest's doubts of the past. " And I will help you, before God, Blandford," he said eagerly. "And Joan shall too. She will find out from Kosita bow far-" "Thank you," interrupted Blandford, drily ; " but your wife has already interfered in this matter, to my cost. It is to her, I believe, I owe this wretch's following Kosita here. She already knows this man-bas met him twice in San Francisco ; he even boasts of your jealousy. You know beat how far he lied." Bat Demorest had braced himself against the ohili sensation that had begun to creep over him as Blandford spoke. He nerved himself and said, proudly, "I forbade her knowing him on accouut of his reputation solely. 1 have no reason to believe she bas ever even wished to disobey me." A smile of scorn tbat ba l kindled in Bland ford's eyes, .darkened with a swift shadow of compassion as he glanced at Demorest's hard, ashen face. He held out bis band with a sudden impulse, " Keough, I accept your offer, and shall put it to tbe test this very night. I know-it you do not, that Rosita is to leave here for Los Osos an boor from now in a private carriage, which your wife bas ordered especially for her. The same information tells me that this villain, and another of his gang, will be in wait for the carriage three miles out of the Pueblo to attack it and carry, off the young girl." '. Are you mad !" said Demorest, in un- feigned amazement. " Do you believe them capable of attacking a private carriage and carrying off a solitary defenceless woman. Come, Blandford, this is a school-girl romanos 1 -not on act of mercenary highwaymen least of all Cherokee Bob and his gang. This is some madness of Rosita's, surely," be continued with a forced laugh " Does this mean that you think better of your promise ?" asked Blandford drily. "I said L was at your service." said De- morest reproachfully. " Then hear my plan to prevent it, and. yet take that dog in the act," said Blandford. "But we must first wait here till tbs lost moment to ascertain if he makes any signal to show that his plan is altered, or that he bas discovered be is watched." He turned, and in his preoccupation laid hts hand for an instant upon Demorest's shoulder with the absent familiarity of old days. Unconscious as the action was, it thrilled them, both-Ixoro ita very unconsciousness-and impelled them to throw themselves toto the new alliance with such feverish and excited activity in order to preclude any dangerous alien reflection, that when they rose a few moments later and cautiously left the garden ara-and-arm through tbs outer gates, no one would have believed they had ever been estranged, least of all tue clever woman who bad separated them. It was nearly nine o'clock when the two friends, accompanied by the Sherill of the County, left San Benuaveniora turnpike and turned into a thicket of alders to await the coming of the carriage they were to hence- forth follow cautiously and unseen ia a parallel trail to the main road. The moon bad risen, and with it the long withheld wind that now swept over the distant stretch of gleaming rood and partly veiled it at times with flying dust unchecked by any dew from the clear cold sky. Demorest shivered even with his ready hand on his revolver. Suddenly the Sheriff uttered an exclamation of disgust. " Blasted if thsr ain't some one in the road between us and their ambush." "lt's one of their gang-scouting. Lie cloBe." "Scout be darned. Look at nim bucking round there in the dust. He can't even ride 1 lt's some blasted greenhorn taking a pasear on a hose for first time. Damnation ! he's ruined everything. They'll take the alarm," " I'll push on and clear him out," aaid Blandford, excitedly. " Even if they're off, I may yet get a shot at the Cherokee." " Quick, then," said Demorest, " for here comes the carriage." He pointed to a dark spot on the road occaaionaly emergutg from tho driven dust clouds. In another moment Blandford was at the heels of the awkward borsemsn, who wheeled clumsily at his approach, and revealed the lank figure of Ezekiel Corwin I " You here 1" said Blandford, in stupefied fury. " Wa'al, yes, Squire," said Ezekiel lazily, in spite of bis uneasy seat. " I kalkilated ef there way sutbin' going on, I'd like to see it." " You cursed prying foot You've spoiled all. There !" be shouted despairing, os the quick clatter of hoofs rang from the arroyo behind them, " there they go I That's yours work, blockhead I Out of my way, or by God -" but the sentence was left untioiBhed, as joined by the Sheriff, who had galloped up at the sound of the robber's flight, ne darted past unconcerned Ezekiel. Demorest would nave followed, but Blandford, with a warning cry to him to remain and protect the carriage, halted bim at the side of Corwin as the vehicle now rapidly approached. But Ezekiel was before him even then, and aB the driver pulled up, that enquiring man tumbled from bis horse-, ian to thu do,r and opened it. Demorest rode jp, glinced into the carriage, osd fell back ,u blank amaze- ment. It wa» his wife who was BÜ'ing there alone, pale, eicct, and beautiful. By some illusion of the moonlight, ber face aud ligure, covered with soft white wrapping for H journey, looked as he remembered her to have looked the first ninht he had met her in . he Boston train. The picture was completed by the travelling bag and rug that lay ou the seat before lier. Another deadly child seized him ; bia brain reeled. Was tie going mad ? "Joan !" he stamered. " You? what is the meaning of this Ezekiel-whom but for his dazed condition he might have Buen vcolently contorting his features iu Jean's face, presumably in equal astonishment-brokeintiia seiiesol discordant chuckles. " Wa'al, of that ain't Deacon Salisbury's darter allover. Hat Herc ari;ye two m-n folks makin' no cud o' fuss to save that Mexi- can gal with pistols an<l HinUushcB and plots and counter-plots, aud ycr's Joan Salisbury I shows ye the way h.iW to du it. And so, ' ma'am, you succeeded in fixiu' it up with I Dofia KoBita to take bur pl cv and just sell 1 them robbers cheap ? Wu'al, ma'am, yer sold . this yer party, too-for-"' he advauoed Ibis lace close to hers-" 1 never let a word, though I knew it, and although they nearly knocked me off my boss in their fuss and fury. Ht I Ha I They wanted to know whit /wast doin' beret bel he! Tell 'em. Joan, tell 'em." Demorest gazed from one to the other with av troubled face, yet one on which a faint relief was breaking. " What does be mean, Joan !" Speak," he said almoBt imploringly. Joan, whose colour was e ightly returning, drew herself up with her old cold Puritan precision. " After the scene you made this morning, Richard, when you chose to accus« your wife of nnfaithfulneas to her friend, her guest, and even yonr reputation, I resolved to go myself with Dona Rosita te Los Osos anti : explain the matter to ber lather. Some ' rumour of the ridiculous farce I have jost wit . nessed the poor girl so that sbe declined-and I properly, too-to face the hoax which you and some nameless impersonator of a disgraced fugitive have gotten up for purposes of your own 1 I wiBb yo» joy ot yow work >. If tin play is over now, I presume I may be allowed to proceed on my journey T" " Nat yet," said Demorest, slowly, with a face over which the chasing doubts had at last settled in a greyish pallor. "Believe what you like, misunderstand me if you will, laugh at the danger you perhapB comprehend better than I do, but upon this road, when- ever-or to iosotswTttwau (ead j/ou-tonight you go no farther !" ""Then I suppose I may return home," she said,, coldly. " Ezekiel will accompany me book to protect me from-robbers. Corns, Ezekiel. Mr. Demorest and bis friends caa be safely trusted to take care of-your horse."' And as the grinning Ezekiel sprang iota the carriage beside ber, she pulled up the glass in the fateful and set face af her once trustier husband ; the carriage tamed and drove off, leaving bim like a statute in the road. The belt of the North liberty Second Presbyterian Church bad just ceased ringing. But in the last five years it had rung out the baas viol and harmonium, and rung in an organ and choir ; and the old austere interior had been subjected at the hands of the rising generation to an invasion of youthful warmth and colour. Nowhere was this more apparent than in the choir itself, where the bright spring sunshine, piercing a newly-opened stained glass window, picked out the nsw spring bonnet of Mrs. Demorest, and settled upon it, during the singing of the hymn. Perhaps that was the reason why a few eye* wera curiously directed in that direction, and. that even the minister himself strayed from, the precise path of doctrine to allude with ecclesiastical vagueness to certain shining examples of the Christian virtues tbat were "again ia our midst." The shrewd face and white eyelashes of Ezekiel Corwin, junior partner in the firm of Dil worth and Dusen bary, of San Francisco, were momentarily raised towards the choir, and then relapsed into an expression of fatigued self-righteous- ness. When the service waa over a few worship- pers lingered near tbe choir staircase, roicfnl of the spring bonnet. " It looks quite ndt' ral," said Deacon Fairohild, "ter see Josa Salisbury attendin' the ministration of the Word agin, And I ain't sorry she didn't bring that second husband of her's with her. It binder looks like old times-afore EdwaroV ? Blandford was gathered to the Lord." " That do say ez ba'ow Domoreat got morst ' powerful worldly and unregenerate in that ; heathen country, and that Joan ez a professing Christian, had to leave him. I've heerd tall that he'd get mixed up, out thar, with ' somer half-breed outiaw, of the name o' Johnson, ea . hez a porty, high-flyin' Mexican wife. It waa f ort'nit f of Joan that ehe found a friend int grace in Brother Corwin to look after her share in the property and bring her back ta bum." "She's Iookin' peart," said Sister Bradly, " tho', to my mind, that bonnet savors still o' heathen vanities," " Eta the new idees-crept in with thu* organ,"groanedDeaconFairchild, "but- sha* -thar sbe comes." Soe sbome for an instant-a charming viaiont. -out of the shadow of the choir stairs, .anal then glided primly into the street. Tbe old sexton, still in waiting with hist. hand on the half closed door, paused.,andi looked after her with a troubled^ brow. As. singularand utterly incomprehensible recollée tion and rssemblanoehad just crossed bia mind. TUB END. 