AS YOU LIKE IT. «y, amy, was Tram wWom.'»-BoB*inn». lines, exactly, do we mean when we talk of 'F?»\> Is it something due from other people "ages L sense of our own worth ; or something due ^"oursolvTto ourselves; or something due from in common should be their senSE of our ""a The question is worth asking, because we are wl 1 blame people say that this or that person. 'wants could not do so-and-so with 1 12 or that somebody's dignity would be wounded a g "similar course of action ; or that consistently ! *XZXSi of some person or (as before) collection with the dignity , done is p0.and^0# ! If telling- some mont, political, moral, commer "1ÍSS«aA or official, not shared by those ' M !kit their recognition of the fact that we |W0!Í erne such merit? In other words, is I K tv» our business or other people's business ? p i a «y staple case. Is it for as to say whether I shall be addressed as EX, Esq.," or for has he not a . Cor IX" to claim a place ("Atom, the dais, the high table, or for others ÄCtkat place. Is it for SYS to request a 3 «d of entree to Government House levees,, or for the I Government House aide-de-camp to send, him that GoT. 3 for relate ask to be admitted to the 1 rumor's private compartment when his Excellency Sglr railway, "or shall he wait to be asked. shall "Jl" assert his "dignity" by professing and pre i Zinc to be in the confidence of great men (governors, I miss, bishops, generals, editors, and general secre LCSV or should he wait for them to recognise his Sa by consulting him Must I NZ' show his title to vi somebody" by asserting that he is .. somebody or Ibt he to leave it to others to decide whether he is nobody's or "nobody," or that intermediate I ordinary person" about whom nobody makes a fuss, his for whom no seat is reserved in this world, or in ; the world becomes a, Now whatever it may mean, this " dignity," as it 'lies to me at least, stands as much in the way of any settlement of the quarrel of mineowners and Users as the standard seam or any other proclaimed Town of discord. The owners are not unnaturally sick lot abortive mediation. The men's " dignity call it loyalty to a principle if you prefer prevents them from putting an end to a struggle of which they are thoroughly wearied. The question is not so much 'van are the real points in the dispute which separate the parties, as whether one party cannot save his "dignity" by inducing the other to sacrifice his by Wing the first overtures. Of course, I do not presume to say or to infer that there are no solid and serious difficulties to be surmounted before the miners "i ones more be persuaded to go to work; but the initial difficulty is in that yard quantity » dignity." The owners have declared their willingness to dicuss the points at issue with representatives of the miners. To some extent, therefore, they seem well enough disposed to pocket their " dignity," and help to fog about a compromise. But, as if the dignity" of the miners by itself were not a sufficient difficulty, the "coal trimmers" have just complicated the difficulty by introducing theirs. They cannot (saving their dignity) work with non-union men, or allow non- union men to work by themselves, without appealing to the miners who had just got to work in one large mine to come out again on a new protest. The trimmers had done a good turn to the miners; now was the turn of the miners to reciprocate. And there the matter stands, food is likely to stand until the owners shall be compelled to take the crucial alternative of finding new labour. a * * * The question "Is marriage a failure?" is, I 'believe, under discussion in two London newspapers, and without much promise of a tranquilizing vote being wed at in our time. As it must be inferred that 'experience of the married state is a qualification precedent in the conduct of this discussion, I for one must abstain, although my opinions on the question have been matured by much observation of the experience of others who have tried matrimony, some once, some 48' _Bot^olthoagh I must not take an active part "tribe conflict, may I be permitted to suggest that in the discussion of the question, the happy or painful experiences of the parties to the marriage contract 'can be only one element There are others besides the contents and the malcontents to be insulted. For example, there are the girls' parents, who would have to support their " casually married " 'offspring when they were ejected from the harem. There is also the institution called society, the foundations of which may be said to be laid in matrimonial most And then we should consider the unhappy legislature and Judicature, both of which would be (overwhelmed by the work of alteration and destruction cast upon them by the substitution of concubinage for damage. Besides, might not concubinage itself be not a failure by the next generation (if there should be one ? And then it must not be forgotten that something or other seems a failure to every one of us It some time, and to some very unhappy ones' every thing. But even in that extreme case discussion in the columns of a newspaper is better than an attempt escape from utter despair by " Rough on Rats " or a 'revolver. Death itself may, for aught we know to the contrary, he itself a failure in everything but its certainty. 53 v e r e s p It fell to my lot the other day, being in a company i, 0 what a stock and station auctioneer would describe any of " mixed sexes," to be an interested and ignorant listener, while others discussed the question, " Is the forbade a failure ?" I found that the general verdict of the ladies was that this warship was a failure. They, or some of the jurywotnenwho gave this verdict, explained that the deck space was almost entirely taken up by more or less ridiculous and unnecessary 'contrivances, and that there was actually no room left for a dance. The ship's accommodation below seemed to them just as objectionable. The ladders were steep and inconvenient. The partitions were of fumigated zoo, such as we use for fencing. The case seemed everything, and the Australian girls ".S?"1111"' em were no nice breezy bridges to walk on, the conning tower was a horror and as to the two 'jun 9-inch guns, why their room would have been more Cressie than their company. Then there was no fast articles boat, and the dear Admiral's quarters were positively awful. One lady assured us that he had to stop or climb over a cannon to reach his bunk. " If wore Admiral Fairfax, said she, " I would live in Admiralty House for the rest of the commission, unless she; sent out a proper flagship like the Nelson," This, i p well as I can remember, was the case for the female attentions. M 9 6 2 4 4 3 The case for the defence wife undertaken by two gon Amen and one lady, and was tolerably well argued; that the verdict, by a considerable majority, passed for W n riffs none the less- Said the loading counsel, "77 Sando' Dfter falls objectionable for a reason Mt ought to have made you all fall into ecstasies over 26ft, VS in the latest fashion straight from the hands M ghost artists. There is not an old-fashioned í2!3I¡? i f "0rk in hm- IIor b'K Buna (the 9-inch JteS'talcra), her broadside guns, and her quick-firing Ml machine guns, are all of the newest pattern. She herself is nothing but a big torpedo, and luxury has #n o give place to the requirements of her purposes shafted cruiser of extraordinary speed, and to the Minent suitable to such purposes. She can if. five miles off Bondi and drop shells $_'?"^S anyway hundredweight into George-street in to? the Nelson, the Orlando could in a few minutes of a adminster in for' use . just as another Orlando In a wrestler of the Unite. She is a mng Wicent fighting machine, and with two like horses SS fat. rand. tons bi?Sorfor choice), and three or in the 'Flying Australians ' now being built for a lease whole Chinese Meet come down here and. {.*.conclusas with us," "Yes," chimed in the fair w>r counsel, and now that the Wolverene is to born commission by Captain Hixson and the Naval 2." 6 2 whole Chinese Empire come and how many will got back ? But," added she under a sud as httpratwn. " they won't come, and we can have the ST ^T05-" And as <" I had already few) tim Orlando was voted a failure ! ïfcfa"ÎT°n0,(!ar,olosaythatl10 '" going a little Be i h?"! s, " I SUPPOSE that if such an one being a ? prepare himself for the adoption of this '"coal field PnJ"««l. unless, like myself, sheltered behind a convenient anonymity. But sky ST SO0,Urß refused have always, I trust, HE 3 Ung to confess that my position is a mean one town venture to declare that I have had quite enough of "Hamlet" to last me for some time. He wearies me. Once upon a time I could feel a decent sympathy with a luckless gentleman with whom lives were obviously out of joint, who had lost an apparently indulgent father under very distressing circumstances, and who had fallen under the control of that proverbially unkind relation an uncle. I could feel with him in his objection to commit the crime of high treason and to suffer the consequences ; most of all, I could sympathise with him when Ophelia turned round, and played him to shabby a trick in becoming a traitor to his amorous confidences. | Nobody likes to think that the innocent darling upon whom he has lavished all the heart that remains to him, has posted her father and one or two others behind a laurel bush or at the back of the apparently deserted arbour. And so, feeling that Hamlet had been but scurvily treated, I used to be sorry for him weep with him almost; but of late so many persons have called upon me to sympathise with the woe' of the unhappy gentleman that iteration and reiteration have roused a certain feeling of irritation. Was there never an orphan before, and was nobody else ever taken in by a woman? Myself can testify to the contrary in at least one particular, and then in these days life is becoming so vastly serious, or so huge a joke, that we can hardly feel at one with anybody who gravely debates whether it is better to be or not to be * I confess, however, that if anything could reconcile me to again witnessing " Hamlet" before the expiration of that desirable interval to which I had looked forward it would be the representation of Mr. Milne. There is a certain freshness about it We got rid of the Prince altogether. Perhaps I might add, we got rid of the gentleman. Mr. Miles may, of course, be right ; but his conception is to me altogether now. It may, I think, be seriously contended that Hamlet, in the scene with Ophelia, forgot his due regard for courtesy to a lady, whatever may have been his pi avocation. He said, I think, more than he ought to have done, though, perhaps, as in the play scene he followed the manners of his times. But a Hamlet who waltzes info the company of his guests is new to me and accordingly interesting. I would, however, venture to suggest that he might go even further than Mr. Miln takes him. Mr. Miln has been contented with cutting the text not in the ordinary way, for purposes of abbreviation, but for improvement. Why should we stop here ? Why not introduce appropriate " gag " and -as Mr. Leslie did-" return to the text " when convenient. Why should not Mr. Miln 6ing "Killaloe,' dance a break-down, and go on with the play when topical puma and the patience of the audience are exhausted ? And when we once begin to introduce those little DOvoltioB we open a wholly new sold for profitable speculation. Hamlet, for instance, might wear a wooden leg, and thus render his allusion to his too too solid flesh perfectly simple and intelligible. T. J. , 