The Story Teller. THE GRAY MAN'S TATH AN ARTIST'S ADVENTURE ON THE IRISH COAST SIXTY YEARS' AGO. ( Continued from last isstie). \- The short twilight was settling down, and irresolute at first, he presently be thought him he had best make his way homo ero his exhausted strength failed him entirely. A multitude of ideas whirled through his brain — the escape for life that he had had — the unprovoked yoked attack — the mystery of it all. And tlien ho tnougnt ot tne ODjecc wnicn naa broiuglit him into the danger. This steadied him — his art — his sketch. He left the still motionless body where it lay, and returned for his materials, but pick ing up the dagger as he did so. He had slung them over his shoulder and was just about to hurry away when a groan arrested him, and he once more re turned to the prostrate form. As he bent over it, the dark eyes glared up at him with as fierce and savage an expres sion as evor. Tho lips moved, but ut-. tered no sound, and one sinewy hand clutched wildly at him. ' You dastardly seoundrell !' said the young artist, ' you deserve that I should fling you over the cliff, .but you shall lie where you are till the morning. I don't get within your reach any more.' The lips moved again rapidly, as if making a defiant answer, but the hand now found its way towards an inner breast pocket, and began slowly drawing forth a pistol. The moment tho painter saw what it was, lie seized it and dragged it from the . enfeebled fingers. Doing this rapidly and angrily, he tore open the . pocket and pulled out with the weapon a dilapidated-looking and limp leather case or pocket-book. The hand mads a des perate effort to recover this, and the body writhed in its futile endeavor to move the artrt toward it. . But the artist was too quick, ; and he had possessed himself of both pistol and pocket-book in a moment; 'No, you don't ; I'll keep these for the present,' he muttered, hastily thrust ing them into his pocket. 'You will be safe where you are ; I don't think you can move far and indeed the eyes were closing as he spoke, and the blood was soaking the grey hair the more freely from the recent movement. Casting a final look at his assaliant, the young man v turned away, and without more ado began to retrace his steps toward the vil lage. He had not descended the hill ▼ery far ere he found great difficulty in seeing his way. The darkness had rapidly increased, large drops of rain fell at inter vals, and forked flashes of lightning, quickly followed by peals of thunder, half blinded and deafened him. The threatening storm was breaking over his very head, and in a few minutes a deluge of rain poured from the inky clouds. Stiff and aching, and soon wet to the skin, he nevertheless continued his des cent but it was long ere he dimly dis cierned the feeble glimmer of a village light, while the darkness grew momen tarily more and more difficult to steer through. At last he had cleared the trackless heather and bowlders and reached the rough way at the commence ment of the ascent to the Gray Man's Path. He had kept his course fairly well, and when, half dazed with the roar and confusion of the elements, and over whelmed by fatigue, he arrived in the village highway, and in a few minutes at the inn door, he had hardly strength left to stagger in. X)nce there, however, he soon recovered from his buffeting, changed his clothes, and disclosed his penlous adventure to his friends the fishermen. They ap peared to regard him incredulously at first, though the landlord muttered some thing about its being no use warning ob stinate folk, and that it was nothing more than might have been expected. The pistol and dagger created profound interest, and while a hot supper was beint; prepared the articles were subjected to close examination. ' The weapons both are foreign make,' said the landlord, as he passed them round to . his mates with a sly look. ''Deed, and I'm sorry to touch 'em; but what will we do ? I'm na' for going up to the Head on a night like this, an' I take it none o' ye will be inclined that ?way.' 'Na, na,' was the general response ; ' the gray man must bide where he be, if gray man it was.' This view was unanimous, and although the thunder had somewhat abated, the wind howled and roared as it only can howl and roar in such a region. A thousand questions assailed the tra veller while he was eating his meal, but not till he bed finished did he attempt to answer them in detail. Then he said : ' Whatever he was he was no ghost, that's settled, and now we'll see what we can make out of this case and he produced it accordingly. It contained something heavy, and was fastened securely by a spring catch. As he weighed it specula tively in his hand the men peered at it inquisitively, but seemed to have a great objection to touching it. . 'Men alive, it won't bite you,' ho con tinued, as he spread the strong pocket case open on the table. From an inner recess he then extracted two strange looking keys, ono very large. 'Foreigners too, I expect,' he said, examining them ; 'but that's all the thing con tains.' Curiosity of rather a forced kind, as it seemed to the painter, was assumed by tho landlord and the rest as the keys were scrutinised, and he could not help fancying that the men eyed, each other significantly. Still, he ordered a brew of toddy, and as it was partaken of, an . agreement was come to that a burying I party ought to go up the next .morning with the traveller to the spot. ' He'll bleed to death, if he's not dead already,' hinted the landlord somewhat anxiously ; and the fishermen seemed to Bhare in the feeling. I 'Well.' said the artist, 'he brought j his fate on himself ; and for the matter of that, it will be a good job if this is tho last you hear of the gray man, I should think.' There was a faint echo of this senti ment' which struck tlio guest ar some what odd, not to sa£ominous ; but after a while he pleaded fatigue ond the smart - ing of his wounds,' which proved not voiy serious, however, as a roasoq for going to bed ) early. So he loft tho ha bitues of the bar to discuss this affair without him. Even the hardy inhabitants of Ballygar ran could scarcely have slept much more than did our traveller, in tho face of such a storm as that which raged during tho night almost until dawn. It was the most terrific ever remembered ; and soon after he went to bed the roaring of the wind, sea, and thunder reached such a pitch and so shook the very foundations of the place that the artist, as he lay in his snug little bunk, fully believed that he felt more than one shock of what seemed very like an earthquake. Prospero might havo 'called forth the mutinous winds and, 'twixt the green sea and azure vault set roaring war.' For assuredly the firm based promontory must have been made to shake ;' and if there were no stout oaks to be rifted by Jove's own bolt, anything which lay exposed beneath that frightful tempest would have stood a fair chance of being riven to the core. Save that the' wretched being, whoever he was, fully deserved his fate, his young victim might have relented as his thoughts wandered again and again to that power ful and vigorous form lying helpless, probably dead, out onjthe brink of the fear ful cliff. The scoundrel deserves no pity, he thought ; but if anything could excite it, such a nig'it as this would. However, the night and the storm, like every thing else in this world came to an end, and the morning broke clear and bright, but with a terific sea of course still running. The traveller while dressing betimes, saw . from his window, which overlooked the bay, that the effects of the hurricane were exciting profound attention from the few knots of people gathered along the shore, and looking and pointing in the direction of the cliffs. Soon joining that where his landlord stood, he was met with the salutation : {To be continued in our next.J 