THE DEVIL'S DIE. BY GRANT ALLEN. Author of" For Maeihb's.Sakb," " Pinus- ita," "Strange Stories," "Babylon," " In All Shades," Kalke'sSihunjj," &c;, ' i Chatter XXXIV. , 4 Meanwhile, within, iu the adjoining bedroom, I Harry hail been growing steadily weaker and H. worse for somo hours. Collapse had set in ; he had been sinking gradually. The diseaso was < now running its hideous course with frightful rapidity. But just towards the end ho improved \- somewhat, as often happens in a dying flicker. Sense and thought and speech returned to him for a while— returned fitfully, with incredible vigor ; and then, with a final feTcrish effort, : ho used up all his remaining powers in one last rally of spendthrift vehemence. lie talked ' and looked liko a strong man again. The tcrriblo force of an accusing conscience Was goading him forward now with all its awful energy to say what lie must to 'Mohammad Alii : Ho know ho was doomed. Ho knew ho must die. Ho know it was the recoil of his own vile and incrcdiblo crime. But no womanish terror seized him for himself. He was utterly ; absorbed in the consciousness of his guilt. He thought only of the wrong he had done, tlio > tcrriblo wrong ho had done to Olwcn. Weak men in their moments of remorse think -> of themselves. Strong men think of their crime j and their victims. Weak men try to escape J from the penalty duo to their ovil acts. Strong uienlioponnd piny to avert from others the worst consequences of their own misdoing, i Lizbeth knelt still at tlio head of Harry ; Chichele's bod, and tlio neighboring doctor ; tended liim unceasingly. But ns the forco of that gnawing repentance grew stronger and stronger at length within him, ho cried out in his agony for Mohammad Ali. A few hours earlier Ali had seemed his bitterest foe ; now Harry felt ho must see him and explain to him, ho must ask bis pardou, ho must implore his help, lio must beg his silouco, ho must confide in his discretion, Ali hod always been Olwen's friend. To snvo Olwen' pain, to save Scota ; misery, ho must talk with Ali, ho. must-bargain with Ali, ho must buy over -All's final assist- I ance. Weak men aro vindictive to the last. Strong men kuow when they aro beaten. Harry Chi chole gave in as a brave geucral'gives iu to his victorious enemy ; he yielded up his sword without one passing paug of feeble resistance. Fato woe too strong for him, and ho sub mitted manfully to its inevitable masters'. Mohammad Ali came up and stood by tho bcdsido, still stern and resolute, but melted somewhat by tho ovident signs of IInrry'8 pro found rciuorso and agitation. With his duskv baud lie motioned the doctor siiontly from tho room, and signed with a nod to Lizbeth to fol low linn. But when Lizbeth rose and cast a mute appealing look at licr master, as if to say, "'Must I really "go?" Harry answered from tho bed, "Let her stay. Let "day. She cau help to clear this matter all up. _ olio knows as much about it ns you aud I Mohammed Ali Eet a chair by the bed, seated himself thero, and prepared to listen to what ever Harry might havo to say to him. I ho dying man bogau with a burning throat. All, as soon as I'm gono— and I'm going soon— Olwcn must marry Ivan Hojle. Mono can put mo fairly out of her i'was 'on ti0 > bu"er for hcr than over l was. 5oo that sho marries him. She would lovo hint. And bo loves her. Sho must take poss'iblm'""1 Il's th0 ono tlline ,, A1' he?<1 in solomn acquiescence. herfomnUV, ' "if ever wo caa "Hike hcr forgot tho man you aro not and never wore, wfihcmt revealing tho wbolo tcrriblo truth to "You will never do that?" Harry cried in f/v ra!f,1DE hnnscif on his elbows as ho spoke, poison licr "UCVer tC" >'U I trTod to wouhll!! rVCr i0, iba! Never. It would bo too cruel. It would simply kill lii'wiTh Pv,nUEC,J' \nd moistened his parched ui .. ,ry furrC(J tongue. " Nor to riiriukinw ,r' ; L ?idJ,at last- with timid her name fi hardly dared to pronouueo ,lvsl 0 nama of Olwen's uuconscious echoed" t®,>.ce,a either," Mohammad Ali noblo a ivnm 3 ayao 18 not so truo aud f„,J l. ns your own wife, but she is told tho'fuV"1! Uo 8 woman ever to bo She elmVnovor hMrit/'Ur "ickcduc63' new'loLn" l " lcns Hrcnt1'- " Ir 'hoy two ,' ii v a' h? answered after a brief pause, want t,S 89 t i9' . 1 ""a fiM'o contont. i ,, t, d I can dio less miserable." 18 bo8t in it is," Mohammad Ali that nnrn 1 " W1,il y0Ur "'ifo liven— Z hle whose wliolo existence uoLnn, mb,'tcrcd nad ruined by your up to earlh?J J- C0Ul<1 S0V0r bavo giveu yu removed thi nsce-, Bat a higher court has She will b« « i h1aPP,Iy 00 1 of my hands, her Yn,! ?aved' andyu. wi'1 ho taken from jour erimn . i y?,ur Punishment ; yon dio for end thi!n »h„ ?!'?ra W"1 suffer less in tho nffcreil p y 'U15ht othorwiso porhaps havo with vo'u ;„ L -r 8af?'. 1 eonsont to couspiro secret M. nP!n£ ,thl8 matter a profound thing' o««n>8'.i , Dcod uovcr know any- S> XCQpt that her died, as ovory- bolywill say, aiimtjn to sciouco. She will still believe !m iyou ; she will still be proud of vnn do 1 r 1 "a1 rCePcct J'011 i 'ho will lovo you bettor than sho could' ever havo loved , r'"e' Fr sooner or later she must havo found fyou out; and no one could ever kuow yon ns you really ore without hating and despis- you;, rou may take that consolation with you to the grave. It is all you have. In your endeavor to make yourself guiltily happy, you havo covered with misery, and almost covered with endless shame, the two women who, each iq nor way, most truly loved you," Harry covered his face, horror-smitten, with his hands, an! answered nothing to tlio accu sing black man. Bat Lisbeth, rising from the head of the bed, hor whole face -flushed and crimson with rage, confronted him fiercely, like an angry tigress, with unflinching wrath and indignation. "How dare you?" she cried, glanug at him with wild eyes. " How daro you speak so to 'im ? How daro you attack mi on is dyin" bed ? If '0 was well, 'o'd make yourblack skin smart for it as you deserve, you liar. Who says 'e done it? Who says 'o tried to kill 'or. It wasn't 'im. It was ine 1 It was 1110 1 It was me as done it 1 An' I ain't ashamed of i t I 1 changed tho glasses. I poisoned er with the germs. It's me as is the true murderer. " So llicro, Blackamoor.! " Sho spoko with a concentrated scorn and hatred in bor voice that fairly astonished both hor hearers by its profound intensity and depth of fooling. Harry was tho first to break the stlonco of surprise that ensued for a moment. " You did it, Lizbetli ! " he cried incredulous. " Ao, no, yon didn't. You make somo mis take You don t menu to deceive, but you decoive'yoursclf. This is a tinio to toll tho whole truth. There's something to clear up. What did you do? Before I dio, tell mc, tell mo 1" " Yos, there's something to clear up on all sides," Mohammad Ali said as quietly as his conflict of emotion would allow him. "Harry Chichclc, before you dio iu your sin, confess tho truth ; tell us everything just as it happened. Don't go to tho gravo with a lio upon your lips. This is your last chance to speak ; speak now, and savo tho innocent from suspicion. You lied to 111a below ; don't lie to me still. But first listen to what I have to cay. . . . When you had loft tho labora tory that day, after arranging the infusions, 1 wont back to tlio room by myself — Lizlielli hero saw mo, it seems, from tho dark chamber — I removed tho labels you had put on the watch glassos ; I gummed them on to a fresh set; and I. filled tho glasses with tlio labels on the hack with santonin and water. - I wanted to baffle you and to hold you in check, I wanted to savo your wife from you. Thero, so far ns I know, the matter rests. " I thought thoro was nothing deadlier in tlio glasses than santonin. Later ini tho evening, as I watched and lay hid at tlio laboratory window, I snw you come down with a candle, in your hand and fill tho pipette from tho very glass that I myself had just before placed thoro. How it ever come to contain cholera germs 1 don't know and I can't imagine. So far as my own know ledge extends, Mrs, Ghichclo may have caught tho infection independently." Harry drew another long breath. Could this bo so? Could lie havo CRrried tho infection oil his ' clothes albiio ? Perhaps, after all, lio had tried to no purpose. Perhaps bo was less .near being a murderer than he himself had at first fancied.- If oalv lie could boltevo that and Lizbcth's story it would bo Borne sinall comfort! Accident would havo relieved him of part of his guilt. He would have died merely a victim to Ills scientific research, not to Mb own vile and murderous intentions. But Lizbeth rudely broko that last dream. " Sho didn't," tho girl cried, starting up liko a dog, with fiendish exaltation in hor voico and oyes. "You're wrong. Sho didn't. It was -me as dono it! Mo as poisoned lier! Mo as watched yon 1 Me' as changed 'cm 1 ' Me ns got the better of you all round! - I'd back myself ngen a Blackamoor any day o' tho week. I was 'iiliu' thero in the dark chamber. I saw you a-meddlin' with tho doctor's germs, an' as soon as you was gono I up an' I changed 'cm all back again, the same as they was afore ever you touchod 'om. I dono it becauso I knowed what the doctor wnuted 'em for. I knowed 'c wanted to get rid of that woman. I wanted to 'olp im. . . . An1 I'd do it again, just to spite you, Blackamoor. . If I could. I'd put 'cm in your own dinner I I would, you black deril youl . . . Au' I wish they'd killed 'er — that I do, so as tho doctor could 'avo married the tall 'uu. . , . Oh, yes, I knowed what it was all about. You don't hide notbink from me, I tell you. I knowed it exactly. . An' I'd say so if I-wns to dio with the cholera myself (his instant minnit. Au' I wish I may now the doctor's goin'. . . . An' what's more, I'm goin' to, I'm goin' to." ' ' Harry groaned a tcrriblo groan.' " Ali, Ali," he cried, "there's fato hero again. You would have saved mo from myself, and this child pre vented yon. Tho deril has held tho dico all through, Ourcursobas workod its own way out. . , . I'm dying 1 I'm dying 1" "Before you dio,". Ali cried solemnly, " confoss it all. Toll us what wo kuow. Tako back tlio ' lio you told' me down stairs. Don't go unforgiven, Do you confess it ? Do you admit that you tried, to poison Mrs. Chichclo ?"' " I tried to poison hor," Harry answered, looking him iutho faco with a dazed look, as the spasm seized him. "I tried to poison hcr. 1 did it deliberately. I give hcr cholera germs instead of morphia." "And you did it bccauso ?" Harry groaned again. . " Will you drag it all out of mo, word for word," he cried, in an agony of shamo and remorso. "Ob, Ali, you'ro pitiless I you'ro cruel 1 you're merciless 1 You shall havo it then. ... I Cid it, be causo I wanted to marry Secta !" As ho spoke, n torriblo cry pierced the air besido them— the long, loud, agonised cry of an utterly hcart-brokca and mangled creature. It was such a jarring grating sound as none of thorn had over heard iu their lives before. It shot through their oars liko a thrill of pain. Tlioy turned to look. Olwcn Chichclo, in her whito night-gown, and with bor whito faco pale as death, stood rigid and immovable as a statuo before them. Hor hands wore clasped tight ono over tlio other, and her eyes wore open, big and dilated, but thoy saw noth ing. She gazed straight in front of hor with a blank staro, fixed on infinity, and scomod as if rooted to the grouud wlioro alio stood, in tho first full horror of that ghastly revelation. Harry looked at her, flung tip his arms, cried ! wiib «o answering cry liko her own, and dropped, as an animal drops when sbot, on to the bed behind him. Sho knew it all. Sho had heard it all. She drank it nil in, in its unutterable hidcousness, Tho secret they were just conspiring to keep from hcr, she had learnt of herself— irrevoc ably. damningly. Intent upon listening to what Harry had to say, tho others had never noticed the faint rustle of her bedgown against tho door outside ; they had never heard her softly turn tho handlo ; they had never ob served hcr gliding liko a ghost into her hus band s room. , And now they stood face to faco with tho very worst. Olwon know it— know it all ; and everything was lost for every ono of thorn. For a second sho stood a statue of ficsli Then she staggered and fell. Mohammad Ali. darting forward, caught her, tottering, in hi« strong arin3, and lifted her back tenderly into her own bedroom. There bo laid her onco more at fulUeoglh on licr bed, cold and stiff and called for Seeta. The shock had sont licr back into delirium once more. She did not rave, but she knew nothing. Mohammad Ali had hut .ono prayer— that she might never awako to realise hcr husband's shame ; that «lie might dream away life, there as she lay, in happy insensibility. Secta and.ho composed her iu her bed with tender care. Mo did not tell Seeta nnyihin" that had happened, except that Olwcn had got out of bod in a delirious fit aud gone into Harry's room to, find him dying. That alone would have been amply sufficient to account for her condition. AVliy disclose the rest? Why make one more, woman needlessly wretchoil? Scota had onongK to bear of hor own ns it was. Guilty though she might bo iu tho lessor degree, he. would liot williogiy increase the weight of her lonely burden. As soon as he was able ho went back in baste to Harry's room. There, Lizbeth was hang ing over, the bod, crying bittc-rlv. Great sobs convulsed hor prostrate, form, iler two arms were clasped in anguish above licr unkempt head, which lay between them buried deep in tho bed clothes, Harry's neck hail fallen back listlessly upon the pillow, pallid and rigid as a block of marble. Mohammad Ali hold his hand reverently bofore tho half open lips. No breath, was issuing forth from mouth or nostrils. Not a hair stirred. He was stone dead. He had died at onco with tho sudden shock of Olwen's recognition. Tho girl lifted hor faco from tlio clothes for a moaicut aud met. tlio Indian's oyes au"rily. Her checks were deadly palo uow. " Yonshall 'ang for it 1" sho cried with a vehement out burst,' and relapsed onco inoro into silent sob- king. Mohammad. Ali took her by tlio hand and tried to lift her from the dead man's bed. She resisted as a dog might resist tho attempt to drag it away from its dead master's body. Strange 1 Her hand was very hot and feverish. Mohammad 'Ali looked hcr hard in the faco. Dark rings surrounded her swollen eves ; tlio pupils were small and contracted vertically. A faint odor breathed from her body. lie recog nised those, deadly symptoms at a glance. lie know what .it .meant. Sho, too, bad fallen a victim to hor owii fearful stratagem. " My girl," he said, with no trace of unkind- nessor cruelty in his voice, "vou are ill your self— seriously ill. You must go to bed. Come with mo immediately." "I shan't," the girl cried, with passionate resolution. " I shall dio 'ere. 'B was kind to mother. 'E was kind to mo ! I shall novcr leave 'im— novor while I live. None of 'om over cared for 'im one bit like mo. It was mc as killed 'im, and I shall die beside 'iin." . Tho curse had wrought itself out all round. Harry was dead. Lizbotli was dyiug. As for Scota and Olwen, heaven help them; heaven help them ! Ciii.rTER.XXNV. AU London rang next morning with the stalling news thojt'a fqmous doctor mid a great authority. on zymotic diseases had fallen a vic tim to his scientific ardor, and that a form of enteric disorder very closely resembling Asiatic cholera was actually among us. Alarmists en joyed a perfect carnival of terrorism. Flaring posters assured the public of the disquieting fact at every news agent's. Printer'6 ink was lavished like water. People gathered together iu little knots in the crowded streets ami dis cussed tho probability of what Harry Chichole would himself placidly bavo described as a good, swingeiog, sweeping epidemic. The nir was all alire for a while with conflicting rumors. " The Cholera iu London" became a nine days' wonder. It floated, lambent, on the breeze, of heaven. Twenty Levantine sailors had died, it was solemnly declared, in an East- cud lodging house. A crew of Lascars hud sickcued to a man ou n schooner just arrived at the Pool of the Tower from Rio Jauciro. Three fresli cases of tho suspicious typo had occurred in Queen's Anuo's-road itself. The condition of Bcrmondscy baffled description. A hospital was to bo opened for tlio sufferers at Hemp stead. A floating lazaretto would be stationed at Greenwich. And so fortii and so forth, with the usual marvellous evolutionary vigor of every fresh aud sensational report. Talk of germs 1 no germ on earth can equal it for rapid multi plication. Before evening Harry Chicliclc's dentil had reproduced a hundredfold, and the cholera had established itself as a visible and audible reality of life over all the 21 quarters of London. Tho scare died away in a week, of course. It died a natural death, of pure inanition. Com mon sonse aud common courage speedily re asserted themselves. People who at first had spread exaggerated reports soon pooh-poohed with sagacious noses tlio very existence of any possible source of danger. London was the most sanitary city in Europe. Tho rumors had all been immonsoly overdrawn. Spor adic cases of Asiatic cholera, my dear sir, or something very like it indeed, were always happening among foreign sailors. Bat only among them, poor dirty souls ; our own people were perfect models of the most scrupulous cleanliness. Tho papers which at first had hurled anathemas at the heads of the oxccutivo authorities for not establishing a vigorous quarantine iu the Thames were now unauimous in asserting tho insano impossibility of boxing up tbo commerce of a city liko Lon don. The ono fatal coso had been admirably isolated by Dr. Mohammad Ali, tho nnfortuuaic Dr. Cliichclo's ablo and enthusiastic Oriental colleaguo. Evory precaution that scienco and skill could suggest to practical wisdom had bceu enforced and carried out under this excellent modical gentleman's personal supervision. Dr. Ali, fortified by. his Indian experiences, had drawn an efficient sanitary cordon round ; tbo infected houso from the very first moment ; and thou;h this needful step had involved great danger to that brilliant aud distinguished lady novelist, Miss Seeta Mayne, whose peril had proved a source of the liveliest apprehension to thousands upon thousauds who had never seen her and would never see her, " We believe," said the Times lender with its oracular gravity, " that but for his firm, judicious and imme diate notion, London might havo boon visited by such an epidemic as has hardly been equalled in any European capital within the memory of tho present generation. To Dr. Ali, indeed, aro due the thanks of society for tho promptitude with which, at a critical moment of great danger, bo took upon himself unsolicited the task shirked by the constituted authorities, and preserved from a desolating and destroying pestilence tho greatest, wealth iest, and most populous city of modern Christendom." Mohammad Ali smiled sardonically to himself when he read those linos, ns he thought how small an accident of fate might havo turned that lavish praiso into contemptuous condemna tion of his stupidity and incompetence. Kis met, Kismet 1 it is all destiny. Everything depends ou the tossing of a penny — especially in the caso of pablic opinion. Heads — yon are' a hero of nnexarapled fortitude ; tails— you aro at once a fool and a coward. ' _ " The world will learn with pleasure," the. \- Times wont on, in its dignified way, " that Miss Mayne has not suffered in health or strength from hor devoted nursing of Dr. Chichclc and his unhappy widow. ' Liko her favorite heroine,' sho has passed through tho crucible of danger unscathed. The brilliant novcliss may be congratulated upon hor escape from a deadly peril no loss striking, dramatic, and singular in its accessories than any of thoec with which even her own grnjihic and vigorous pen has mado us familiar. Wo arc glad to welcome back Miss Mayne to tho restored free dom of the outer world after the brief period of enforced seclusion to which Dr. Ali's admirable sanitary regulations havo for a while consigned hcr," . As Seeta Mayne read those words, in tbo soli tude of her own room at the Chicheles' widowed house (for she still stopped there), thoy brought home to her with more awful clearness than ever the utter loneliness and inexpressible misery of hcr false position. No one could sympathise with hcr ; no ono could pity hor. Her grief was locked up in her own bosom. For Olwen, the newspaper writers had their glib expressions of conventional sympathy and commonplace condolence — ' hcr husband liud lost his life nobly iu a lioblo causa" — "each victory of scienco demanded its victims" — " how could mau dio hotter than for the good of humanity" — and so forth, aud so forth, with sickening reiteration ; but for her, shattered and lacerated, aud utterly broken hearted, they had what ? — congratulations, congratulations, congratulations ou hcr lucky escape from that longed for death, which, to to hcr, would have bean most welcome far of all things. Ob, rain conceit of man, to fathom or divine the hopes and motives of your fellow creatures 1 Condolence to Olwen, happily insensible oil hcr bod of illness 1. Congratulations to Scetn, gnawing hcr own wounded heart in silence, and looking out henceforth upoua blank universe, from which all tho joy aud hopo and happiness- had faded away irretrievably for. evcrl So things are meted by oar infallible mentors. For Olwcn still remained quite insensible. Long after all the cholera scare was dead and buried in back numbers ; long after Ali had relaxed the strict quarantine which be kept for throe weeks over tho whole house and every one in it ; long after Seeta bad bceu scut buck to the world, if sho cared to cater it ; and Lizbeth had been cured aud remitted for convalescence to a remote seaside cottage hospital ; and tho other servants had been pronounced secure from all taint of in fection — Olwen still lay rigid and immovable on her sick bed in hcr own bedroom. For hor, everybody's sympathy was warm and vivid. Though tho Chichelo hypothesis, that feeble .fledging, had expired on the spot with .the death of its iurcntor — ' — for " physician heal thyself," is still the popular philosophy of medical criticism — all the world' admired immensely tho unconcious heroism which had led "the late Dr. Chichole" to his lamented death ; and all the world' praised him as ' a single-hearted martyr of science, whose minute investigations into the obscure causes of disease (was ho not a pro fessor of medical totiolog)?1 had proved fatal, at last to himself, and all but fatal to bis unfortunate widow. That dear little Mrs. Chichelo so ill and insensible iu bed you kuow 1 Her husband's death quite unstrung her. She was recovering, they say, before lio died — cholera and that sort of thing quite' subdued : wbeu Miss Mayne (of 1'ercivul's Tryst, that sweet novel) imprudently left hor for a moment iu a room by herself ; and up slio got, delirious of course, quito mad Willi fever' and fright, and agony, and crept barefooted into the next room — to find her husband thorc actually dying. Tho shock mado hor go jnst senseless on the spot 1 That is how much \ver all know, from the outside ouly, of all theso intimate domestic tragedies. Even Secta bcr- solf knew and guessed no more. Mohammad Ali and Lizbeth alone could tell tho whole truth, and both their mouths were sealed for ever. The' world, as usual, saw tho externals and nothing more ; aud on tho strength of the externals — which wore nought, after all — the World said, in its easy way, it was a very sad aud pathetic story. ' ! : Thoy buried Harry Chichelo with full scientific honors. Tlio Royal Society stood nucovercd beside ' his open grave, and the College of Physicians waxed loud and eloquent in his praiso as an enthusiastic discoverer, whose one object and idoal bad .been to savo life for his fellow creatures. In humbler circles, Lizbeth, sobbing, re peated over and over again, E'was kind to ine, an' 'e was kind to mother" ; and Bill the periwinkle man, a boro still at tho freo-and-' en6ies in his London gin-palace, on tho strength of having so narrowly escaped hanging, ob-: served to his pals as ho road tho account with many stumblings in his weekly paper. " That's tho covo as got me off at the 'Ouic Office wen the judgo an' jury wc.v a-goiu to 'ang me. 'Is 'eart was in tho right Aluco auy otv." And so the real Harry Chiolie.\: was dead and buried safely in tho gravo ; and a false Harry Chichclo, an ideal good doctor, who was ail heroism, and devotion, ond philanthropliy, and gentleness, lived on witli a covtiiin transient objective immortality iu other men's mouths and lioarte aud praises. Our idols, iuaeeil, bavo foot oi clay. How little we, any of us, really kuow what passes anywhere beneath the surface 1 When I am not engaged in writing novels for filthy lucre, I sometimes take a turn foi my own pleasure at a modest biography. At such times, ns I've just finished my most glowing eulogy of So-and-so's virtacs, I often lean .back reflective in my study chair and say to myself, with a too cynical smile, "But what was tho real So-and-so liko, I wonder 1" A man's lifo is just what does not come out ; tlio rest is tho mere shell and outer crust. That is why novels aro so much- more "real' and agreeable" than history. Wo see in them, not only tho acts of people, but also their characters, their motives, their hearts, and their feelings. Aud for this digression, tho ouly ono I have ever permitted myself in the course of an otherwise blameless life, may tbo critics of tho Saturday generously forgive me 1 I promise, on my honor, it shall never occur again; ; A granite obelisk in Kcnsal Green Ceme tery still informs the infrequent visitor, in chiselled letters, that Harry Chichelo, M.B , F.R.C.P., F.R.S., Died for sciouco, on the 7th of August, Eighteen Hundred aud Eighty something. But of all this Olwen knew nothing. Secta waited and. watched her tenderly. Mohammah Ali watched her,' too. Her convalescence : was . long and doubtfn). For weeks sho hardly scorned to got at oil bettor. Not, indeed, that ber case was dangerous. They feared uo probability of death or serious bodily derangement. Sho sufforod simply from a stale of utter mental imbecility; Sho took food at intervals readily enough, as 'a baby, might take if; in between, sho lay, like n baby in a cradle, motionless and helpless, crying at times, but never moving, or looking, or speaking. Sense aud thought and language had left her ; she remained the more outer bodily wreck of tho Olwen Chichclc that had ooce been. As time went on, however, she mended gradually. The world began again, ns it begius in childhood. Thoy taught her to speak; taught hor from tho first, word by word, almost as they might havo taught a young baby. Sho learnt rapidly, but it was real learning, not more remembering ; her vocabulary to start with was narrow and simple ; and it enlarged only by regular and gradual stages. Sho remembered nobody ; she remembered nothing. They had telegraphed to Cornwall for her father to como when she was first taken ill, but he arrived only after Harry's death ; and when Olwen saw him, she didn't for some svoeks appear even to recognise him. Sho spoko of Alt as " the good black man," and of Seeta as "that dear girl;" but otherwise she never seemed to recall anything personal at all .about tbom. For Harry, she never ercu asked, and no ouc aared to mention his name before hcr. It seemed as though the shock of that awful revelation, sweeping through hor like light ning, had wholly altered and obliterated avast tract in- Iter brain, tho entire tract that dealt with Harry and with her memory of everything that had happened to them both since she first knew. him.- No wonder it was so. The Hurry she had onco known nud loved, indeed, had disappeared utterly as though ho was not ; and his disappearance, in the gulf of that horrihlo discovery, had blotted out the eutiro conscious ness of all that-had ever in any way relatcd-to - him. In its place had arisen n vague and ter rible shrinking dread ; a dread that grew like a mushroom in her brain ; an unfailing horror of being left alono in the rooms where she had lived with him aud had heard his forgotten coufcssion. Bit by bit it spread . through bor soul till it had taken possession of every coll and fibre of her being. Where Harry Cliiclielo's image had onco beeu, a nameless horror now seemed to sit thibucd and supremo within hor. ! The confession itself was forgotten with all the rest ; but not the abiding aud ghastly terror of the empty room in which she hod first heard it. Gradually, as Olwen's senses aud ideas returned, there grew up within her an appalling consciousness of some horrible entity in the adjoining room — some grisly being that perpetually weighed upon her with an iueradicublo sense of its awful nearness. She didn't think it .would get out and hurt her ; slio didn't give it auy name or bodily shape ; but' she know it was there, by day and by night, whatever it might be, - and Unit it was deadly and venomous like a serpent.or a pesti lence. When Secta or Mohammad Ali were not closo by her side it specially haunted her. She didn't see it, but sho felt its proximity. < It wns iu thoro, for over, intaugible but real, unknown and uukuowabje,-nn awful shadow, enveloping and darkening her entire existence. Sho. vaguely connected it with murder and wjtli.cholera. . She. thought at times it was a sort of sound or noise ; n form of words ; a terrible cry ; a killing sentence ; an embodied cqrso or audiblo . destiny. Whoever went, iu there would.liear. it and die — die in inexpressible mental agony. It wonld sweep through their bruin like im angel of death, like a shock of disintegration, like a wavo of despair, like a torrent of oblivion ; and thoy would lose at onco all light aud lifo and sense and feeling, and come out from the room, mere living ghosts, with a sunless, joyless, hopeless universe stretching illimitable on every side of them. Its- shapelessness was ghastlier than; any mortal shape. .Its emptiness was worse thus auy form or.substauce. " Papa," r lio- said ono day, holding his hand iiglit, ' as soon as I'm- well .cnouglg toko mo away. 1 Do' takq me away, away somewhere. l'm'so -afraid of iE It keeps there always. It novcr goes out,-, it-nev'or ceases, oven wlicn I'm asleep. I feel it there, fixing its awful eyes upon me. fits- frightens mo horribly. 1 don't like it." Her father soollicd Hor hnnd gently. "My child," lio said in a tcntutivo voice, for Moham mad Ali had ' suggested to liim what lie ought to cay, " would you liko sonic day to go homo to Cornwall ?" ' " Olwen turned tho word over aud over in licr head, '.'Cornwall," sho. repeated. ; ".Is it pretty thorc ? Is it a nice, place ? Is it liko tho country ? Aro thero trees aud rocks and flowers and water ?" Tears trickled slowly down the rector's face. " Olwcn," he said, "don't you remember. Corn wall ? Don't you know Polperrnu ? Dear old I'blpovrau. You must remember your mother's grave ? You must remember l'olperrnu, surely ?" " Doar old Polperrnu," Olwen answered with a smile, as if tho words somehow awabcucd a faint chord in hcr lost memory. "Dear old- Polperran 1 Is that in Cornwall ? Aro there trees thero ? Are there rocks and flowers ? . . . Aud ob, will It bo thore, when wo go, father?" Mohammad Ali, standing in the background, . framed with his lips an emphatic No. " No, . no, my darling," tho rector answered boldly, j ' ; It will stop hero. It shall never follow you. . As soon as we can move you, you shall go to .. Polperran." -. " That will be nice," Olwen answored, with & faint smile. She very seldom smiled now. . It seemed to have taken all the gladness and laughter out of her. "And there's sea at Polperran, you know, ' her father went ou, in a pleased voice, as one talks to a child. " Sea and cliffs, and pobbles . and sands. Oli, such dear little coves, with lovely sands in them, as whito and smooth and hard as marble." "And shells?" Olwen asked curiously, looking up in his face. Her fathor nodded — ho could hardly speak. "Aud shells, my darling, that you used to pick up when you were a little girl, and bring homo ia your frock for me and mother." " I remember," Olwen said simply. It was tho first timo since that awful night she had ever said she remembered anything. \- So from that day forth it was firmly settled that thoy should all go in a body to Polperran, as soon as Olwen could be moved with safety. A day or two later, when she was able to he carried down in their arms into the drawing- room, Mohammad Ali laid in her way, is if by accidcat, a dark blue velvet photograph frame, \- ia which there bad formerly stood a cabinet portrait of Harry. Ho wanted to try his experi ment vory gently and tentatively, for fear of oxciting her, and bringing on a relapse ; so he had removed tho portrait, and replaced it by another of Seeta Mayne, in the fancy costume she had worn at the Artists' Ball, when she wont there a year before with Olwen and Harry. Olwen's eyes fell upon the frame with a caro- less glance ; oh, strange; she never seemed even to notice the substitution. Curious 1 It was in deed like a lightning stroko. Her memory of Harry appeared to have died out altogether 1 Heaven grant it might he so, AU thought to himself. Allah is wise; Allah is merciful. The brain is a delicate aud wonderful mazo. Perhaps in his inscrutable wisdom this was his strango and chosen way of blotting out that hideous past for Olwen. As the caterpillar lies in its chrysalis frame work, the nervous system of its grub stago melts and dissolves into indistinguishable pulp, from which at last the brain and eyes and organs of the butterfly are developed anew in unlike combinations. Even so, Olwen's brain seemed reduced by that ouo fierce blow to a childish coadition, out of which, as it slowly evolved again to sense and thought, all memory of her hapless married life had disappeared at unco as if by magic. After an hour or so Mohammad Ali took the frame away from the little octagonal table on which it stood, and gently replacing Harry Chicholo's photograph, laid it down without a word within sight of Olwen. She raised her .eyes, and let them rest carelessly on the portrait for a second, Seeta and her father, standing behind tho sofa whero she lay wrapped in her white woollen shawl, scanned her face with intense interest. She gazed at the photograph for a moment with a look of childish unconcern and won derment ; then the scared expression came over her once more ; she cast up her oyes, and said to Ali in her sweet gentle infontilo way, "Put back the other one, will you, please? It's so much prettier. I like it better. That ouo seems to frighten me and worry me some how. ... I like yours best, dear," turning to Seeta, "because you know you've slways been so kind nnd good to me." To Seeta Mayne the words seemed terrible indeed. She covored her face with her hands and burst into tears. It was hardly possible for her to understand so strange a forgatfulness. His own wife ! the woman who had carried of! \- that coveted prize 1 who had been privileged to caH Harry Chichelo husband 1 And that she should wholly forget him thus ! While she herself — Seeta — a mere friend — an admirer from outside — could never, never, never forget him ! Her heart ached with a void and hungry aching ! What was Olwen's grief to hers, she cried to herselt, passionately and blindly, iu her utter agony. Only Mohammad Ali comprehended it all, aud thaDked God ia his heart for that happy oblivion. A terrible change had como over Olwen's brain ; tho moro complete and final, the better iadeed for her future happiness. He ventured on a further and more crucial test. Holding tho photograph frame iu his hands before her very eyes, he begau slowly to withdraw the second portrait. " Wouldn't you rather have this ouo left ?" ho asked as he withdrew it, " I think you'd rather. . . . You know it's Harry's." " Whose?" Olwen asked in a sharp voice, ' with a quick little turn of her wasted neck. " Why, Harry's," Ali answered, with trembl ing lips, fixing his keen eyes watchfully upon her. "Harry's, of course. . , . Harry's Harry's I . . . Yon remember Harry." Tho frightened girl paused for a second ; then she shook her head dubiously, aud looked pained and puzzled. " Harry," sho repeated, with the air of one who tries hard to recall some forgotten detail of no real importance. "Harry? Harry? I suppose it's Harry's. ... Oh, Harry, is it ? , . . Ah, yes, I dare say. But take away the man's and give me hers. I like it best. . . , It's so much prettier. , . , You know, dear, you've always been so kind and sweet to mo." Seeta lifted up both her hands to her face, and rushed, horror-stricken, out of that . desecrated diawingroom. 