Wiiiti!& iu SRE 11YSIKRY. Y I am one of a large and cheery family. so Myg father is a doctor in the brisk little town sc :of Langford,. and year by year his. olive 'branhes. have so flourished around his table oi thatLhis comfortable income has. narrowed to somewhat small dimeusibons. f I donot, however, feel- sure that people in are any the less happy for being obliged to. t eut.and contrive a little.. My sister and I w had: to. turn our dresses, instead. of having IB new ones, but even in. that there was. a w pleasure, for the family group.would assemle b to, admire and congratulate, and protest that the costumes looked as 'well, if not better, c than. new ones,, and. the tender-eyed mother ti wonuJd whisper that we should have new ones. r assoon asshe could manage it, t In such a household, there- was not much cl time for- fancies, as may be. supposed.. Our g lives are. thoroughly- busy ones.. Each mem ber of the. family, old, and young, had. his, or e her-daily duties; Our parents, wisely made• 2 us all useful, and so. we- were all happy. f I was. not the. eldest. A brother and a u sister- had. been born before- me,. but if- my .c dear;, just parents had. a favorite- child,. I g belie:e. it as. myself: Perhaps.it was that I tj was, totally unlike all the rest.. In a family I of brunettes I was the. only blondei, and. I a was.ery fair indeed.. The fair Miss Ray- s mand was. my soubriuet., wherever we went. I' Doctors, are obliged. to. entertain, even if s they are. poor ;: their- patients. expect it, andi t my father made a, point of giving a dance i v every Christmas; All these parties I had v attendel year after year, but that which took P )jaoe-on my eighteenth. birthdisy proved! the: laIgest landmark in.my short, career-the t tfrst milestone. upon the new road I was to, f *tavel. It all. came about so. strangely,, too,, I just as.if it was to be;. b Our rooms, were looking very pretty;. We- i had. twined the gasalier with. evergreens,,and. a festooned. the rather shabby wall: with holly c andl mistletoe ;. and the great bay- window a was, turned. into. a. bo~wer,. with pillars: and. d trellis, work; of greenery and flowers, and. was t hung with, tiny lamps. of varied: hues,. while a w. Turkish,lanterns, within, aided the. effect; d and on. this, bower, was hung a gift for every i guest---nothingmnuch, worth. having. you, may e be sure,. but just little souevenirs.tmadel by our- I girlish, hands.. The people of Langford,.being s easily pleased, accepted. our trifling offerings, C and, treasured. them. for our-sakes.. ?erhaps; I am conceited,, but. I think we. were favour- I ites iu. Langford:. , When, the. first peal was.heard aitthe bell, a little beifre. the proper time,. iwe ran. down. helter skelter to.receiv.e our-guests, but only- I found. young lRobert IIilyer,, the law.yer's son, waiting in.the. hall: ' Oh~, Miss. Lily,' he said' as he sighted' me, I 'do'you; think Mrs.Raymond.would object to ouP- briigng a. friend T '.Lady, or gentleman I I eplied;,cautiousljyi "A.nice. dancing- man would be an acquisi- ' tion ;,' then suddenly remembering manuars fi I ended politely, ' but any friend of yours. will be welcome,. and, mamma, will, not. object ; enebit." f '-Thank- yon-I- tbihk you wilt like- him," and; our old. play-fellow,. Bob, turned. to;the, I o be stopped i nd added sheepishly,. I t dob't youa. lik, t ito nEmuci for my sake, Lily"' Poor Bobd' le. was perpetually- vexihg; me. with foolish: speeches, yet I do, not know. -why- I should• have. been. really; vexed;, for Il do.not thinkthey wouldha.v.e annoyed.Mary? at al. . I went in and: told: my- mother- that we. were to, haye an, addition.to, our-party,. and the. guestrs. came dropping in, one by. one.: The.Hily.ers, were rather- late,, but we had. not beg-n to,dance when- they arrivedL ' Mi~s Lily Raymond---Mr Fairfaux.;' that was.our. introduction, and. we both. knew each. Perliaps Mir Faiifiax was not. liandsome..< People say that Bob's features are far better,; bunt I thought his. the-best and: liindest face. II Bad! ever- seen. Tvio, honest grey eyes, Iboked intomy owni. and:a.well-shaped mouth: smiled at; me;. diSiplaying sound;. powerful. white teeth,.with. no.moustache to hide-the, a3weetness. of the expression,;; and! as.I met those eyes. my lheart fluhttered like a. caged: Bird; as.ikihad. never done before`. \- es, it;was.love at first sight on biotli.sidies. \- and. befosre the evening- was. over we- each, knew thatsuch was the case.. The presents in.the bower had' been. distri-. 'Buted,.and there- wae not one'left,. when Mr F'irfax stood; before me;: there was: no; one I nean enough. to, hear- his-. w~ords,., and I was. just then taking aS pin from. a small;. heardt .s.ahped pin-cushion to. fasten, a. rent which someone: had, torn in. my gossamer white dress. '-And wliereiir my gift,. Miss,~ ymond:7. le asked, stepping beside me.. '-I.did not think you; would, crare fbr such. trifles,? I answered~, my- faceaglow. ;; and I fear- everything has gone: ' 'KNb.. inoteverything-;- youlhiavenot. gien away your heart,' and: he stretch'.dl out his land. to.wardsv.the. little- pin-cushion which.I Beld. "You: wouldh't care, to: have that would Zoua..: I asked;, my eyes, filling beneiath.his geze:. 'Try mej he replied; and in, another -moment my fingers; mere. imprisoned, in.his, aYuom will never aslc fbr it back,, darling,. lie .pleaded.. "... n.vinL secured: my- scarlet bernouse, which lay nears·at-hliand,, he. led; me out by the e*pemwindow-into.the moonligh~t beyond.. 'Lily, I love- ~o n,i he whiispered;, and wrapped an. operm cloakaround. me- with.ten der liands., .. .Then. there- was silence- bevtween. us--the silence: of happiness. too great for words;. The- following autumn we- were married. SIt was somewhat a trial to me that.my hus land?l's;mothier was to.share our home,, but to this arrangement L certainly could make no objection,, as she had. lived: in. that. ihouse-all the days of her married life. .My, Walter's- father like mine liad: been a doctor,. and. he had. first been.his partner, and ai&:tte.old man's death, had succeeded to- his ?eactice. Our home was, in, the-village of Mears.Norton,. and yet it could; hardly be saidto, be in it; it did not stand in the- main street, as so, many doctor's houses do, but wa-the- very? last. of that straggling little Splace, and virtually stood alone. -? husbadld's:practice did not depend upon theinhabitants, of Mears. Norton only,. for •. father and hie. were' well- kniown in, the contry both s.follbwers of the hounds as tell as of Esculapius., Oar- pretty dotain was called the Grey House,, but who. had so named it I cannot w say.. Mrs Fairfax told me it had been, called ci so. before her time, and the oldest inhabitant of the parish had never knowna it by any a other name.. a The Grey Rouse must have been very old, for no-one knew. when it had been built ; it a might have been, there for centuries but for fe the- wonderful state of its preservation.. It ti was of grey stone, and well clad. with ivy. a Being an. old.house, it is little wonder that whispers were afloat to. the effect that it was I haunted- :b That I heard those whispers is a matter of q course, but I had never been. of a meditative m turn, and these robbers found no. echo in my mind. Ghosts. seldom. appear in a family of h ten, where the father and mother are not s Scounted,. and I thought nothing, about the 3 ghosts;. a The loneliness; of the. Grey louse, how- b ever, did fall. upon me somewhat like a pall. My husband was.busy. The November fogs,, d followed, by December- chills,, had- played an. ugly tune upon. the vocal chords and bron- ( chial tubes of old and' young, and it was a good time for the doctors, but scarcely so. for a the doctors' wives, t SMy husband did. not thinkme- very strong,, v and his great love. made him careful of me, so. I had. not began. to- go. those promisedd 'rouems' with: him. I must, wait to, the. spring for that, he. told me, or, at any rate, a till my cough was gone, So. the. days were . very long to. me, and our evenings and nights were often. disturbed--Walter was so often. wanted.. . I did not regret my marriage; but life-in the- Grey-I House. was. a wonderful, change I from; the-dear, old. busy. life in. our home at t Langford:. There was no solitude there,. and bus little time for thought.. Now there- was noonet-o,talk to. but my mother- in law,. and , she was-in a, low state of health,. and almost c confined, to her room, This.I did. not mind f at all when, my husband, was. at home, but during; his.many hours of. absence [ regretted I the fact.. There. was no. need; now, for me- toturn dresses ; my trousseau had, been. a good one, for all. my father was not wealthy, aud,. had enough, good: clothes; to, last me for- years. My stockingsw.ere-new and did, not want one 1 stitch,. Walter's- shirts, were all perfect ;. I couldn't find. a. button offL All my calls.had I been, returned.;. the few festivities. in: my 'honour had, been, attended;. and Christmas 1 was. drawing near.. -We- wer& to have given a. party to. acknowledge. the. civilities, of our neighbors, but Mrs Fairfax's. state of health, Specluded the possibility: of. anything, of. that sort" As the-year- waned: so, did: her strength,, and" Walter was seriously alarmed about her.. Onn Christmas Eve he passed, hisarm. around. meo Lily, darling,' he: said; I am, sorry- you have such, a. dulL season;. 1 fear you: must feel it after your own bright home.' -I fee. nothing- but happiness, love,, when; youn are- with me,' I answered;, raising, my face for the kiss he did not fail to.give.. '-`I fear my. mother is. very. ill,. little wife,. but please God, she may pull through.. I havedee al?? ll;my work for" ton and w be pleasant to do. that. our. first year in. our own. home.' '-1 thought of that,. and: waited,; I: answered him, with. a smile;. '-Of course- you. did; little- one;: lbve's intuition: told: me. so,' and. he smiled,. too;. During that evening. we, went, up, to, see-i Walter's mother many. times, and we 'stirred the pudding' when we-came down again. I The last. piece-of holly- was, being, placed. behind' one of the pictures, when: a violeut? peal of the. surgery bell tol, its-own. tale.. SMr-Fairfax. was. wanted: immediately. ' I thought I had: visited: everyone whio could" by; any possibility-needi me,' he said,, ii a. vexed: tone, as he-listened;to its clanging. '-They seen.:ih a hurry;; II had: better. see Swhat, is the- matter." He left. the: room, accordingly,, but- soon returned agaih:. 'I mustgo, little-woman !' ie-said, regret fully, 'andil shall; be-lucky if-l am, home by midnight. I shall: have ridden, twenty miles. before we shall: meet agaih;; look. after- my Smothlieri, there's ai darling !. '-Yes,. dear, and' shall I· send tte- servants tobed.?: I can let you. in.." '-It would be as well;. perhaps;; I'll' rihg for Martin to put away. the- horse -when, I Ireturn. He- will: get. half. a. night'S, rest before then, and .with: one kiss. he. was gone. Itwas-the first Christmas Fv.eI had ever Sspent virtually albne,. and 2 felt, very dull indeed; Every. sound seemed: to-increase in volume and intensity;: the very- tick: of the clock upon the mantelpiece- seemed to. bear aneunusual meaning-seemed like the beating of a.human. heart,.of humnan pulses,, to have Shuman. ?ears: I went up to lbok- at. Mrs Faii-fa ;: she was.asleep. :L came downmagaini and played Sa.game- at solitaire, struck a few notes upon the piano, and.shrank from, the noise- I had made.. At nie. Irang for prayers, and read them, then. ga.ve. my. two.maids, and.the lad their dismissal; telling: them all .o-go. to bed;.and that Mir Fairfax would ring the night-bell for Martin, when.he-returned ;. and. once again I was alone,. The tire was getting low; L. re plenished. it with a. log, which threw-out fitful gleams,. while 1: sat beside- it, thinking of my dear oldhome,. and, wondering if. they- missed Sme this. first Christmas that their number Shad not been: complete:. From:tliem-I began to thin- of5rM'rs-Fairfax, and. questioned; whether she still: slept.. It certainly was a. bitter cold. night, -and a shiver would, run,. every now and: thenm. down my Sback;: but somehow IL did not think, it was altogether the cold which- kept me crouching over the fire, watching the- gas-jets- and the Sblinking flames. I wanted to get upstairs to see my mother-in-law,, but something chained me where Isat.. SSurely- it could not be fear !! SI had never felt afraid,, that I could re E member,, during those- eighteen years of life Sin the old home at Langfordi I had listened \- to-ghost stories,. and had. laughed at them ; t and yet, as.I sat there 'that Christmas Eve,,L recalled, the- rumors; I had. heard: of there being something: uncanny in, my. present Shome,, and: I felt uncomfortable- I could. r not remember any definite- tale or legend;,but Svague, stories. came- to- me- of their lbeing Ssomething amss, andsettling, upon. my mind almost parualy.sed it. ' Am I myself ' I cried, atlength. 'This will never do,, Lily Fairfax; you. are a si coward !7' Thus. self-accused I sprang from my chair, a and shook myself as. a Newfoundland: dog might do after indulging in. too.long a nap, whenhis master's promises wantlooking after, and with a feeling akin to. fear- if not of if fear itself,, which, contracts the heart and N tightens the- nerves-I crossed the room. and ascended the stairs.. h How gladI was that I went. Mrs Fairfax was. awake, and wanted: some beef tea,. and t her fire needed replenishing;; she was in. quite a talkative mood, and I forgot myself v while attending to her various wants.. It was. eleven o'clock when I left her; I I knew the hour, for the kitchen clock had ii struck it out as I bade her good night. h Mrs Fairfaxliked a warm room, so that s above the kitchen had been appropriated to a her use. '-I shall very soon be asleep again, my 1I dear,' she said, kindly, as I left her.. '-Give my love to. Walter,. and wish him a happy Oristmas, Lily, and the same to. you, dear.. I You are a good wife and' a good daughter, and- when.I am gone it will be a satisfaction to me that Walter has. made such. a very wise choice. t I kissed; my mother-in.law, and' went C downstairs, vaguely wondering, whether Mrs. 1 Fairfax. would have the satisfaction, she had spoken of, or whether in. the. rest- of the c grave;.her sleep. would. be too. sound for any t earthly thoughts, to. reach, her;. but work, slight, as it had been, had had its good. effect I upon. me.. E I walked: downstairs, withf a firm, step, ansd' locked;alU the doors in, the house,, or saw. that they wece- bolted-kitchen and all;. and: pur. my husband's slippers to. the. fire.. Then. I went into the larder and fetched a. cold chicken and a tongue,, which I spread. out upon a white- cloth, with, knives, and forks, and a tumbler and a wine glass,. and i surveyed, my efforts; with, satisfaction.. All 1 looked fresh, and clean,. and.home-like, 'A vase of. flowers to, complete it,' I mur mured to:myself,. as. I put some Christmas roses,, mixed. with, red-berried, holly,,in. the centre of the table:. '-There. it doeslook nice,. and Walter. will. be hungry after hi, long ride. Once more I seated myself by the firelis- \ tening only to the.eontented: whispers.of my, own, heart, and- for. the footfall of my. bus band's horse, till once more my senses.began. to feelstrained, and my nerves, at their, ut-. most tension,. I had, left the door- of. the. dihing-room! open, and I could hear the dull, monotonous tick: of the kitchen clock;, whichi somehow refused: to. keep. pace with; the one on, the mantelpiece, and in vain my pulses strove to, beat in unison, with, both; when suddenly a sound; I could not understand smote my ears. Knock-knock--knock ! If' ] had been in bed I should undoubtedly have put my. head. under the clothes;: as it. was,. my hearing, seemed to grow. doubly, acute,,and I sat bolt upright to listen. Had .I then possessed a. dozen, ears IL should have . listened: with them all.. After a time, hearing no further sound, I ; jeiao the_ fw iJQW7 t -Ad. ax ar a een T I so,- . onugt to go. to her; but if, on the contrary she Iwere. asleep, I should do wrong to disturb liher;. What ought I to dbo ? No sound whatever came to.me now but the even tick, tick, tick oft that old clock in the kitchen; so, with Squiet footsteps, I returned to. my easy chair beside the dining-room fire. Half-past eleven, had struck out'from: the village church tower.. I had heard it borne upon.-the-frosty night air, and I had heard it echoed in my own. kitchen.. ' How distinctly that clock dobes ticjt to night,' I thought, yet I h-id never noticed the fact before ; nothing else broke the silence and both silence and tick became, painful to I me.. I bore it till a quarter to:1'2;: then.the d'sire to scream-grew. upon me, yet I could not tell why, for was I, not in, my own home, sitting by. my own bright fire, awaiting the return of my own husband 1 It was simply absurd to imagine that there, could be the faintest possible cause for nervousness. TW'Ilve o'clock ! Stroke by stroke the hour was. tolled, out;- then again those mys terious sounds I-had heard.before. Knock -knock-knoc kr! My. heart gave a great bound, a- sense, of fear paralysed me, and then I determined to combat it I: braced:cmy nerves and rose; rose, and: walked, with. firm: step but beating heart into the passage; Once more I listened at the foot of the stairs, at.the patient's.door, but there was no-sound& Then I descended and searched'theikitchen but there-was nothing unusual to, be seen. there;' the cat lay before the dying embers and the old clock ticked on.monotonously. I ,even went into the scullery,. but there, too, silence reigned, and not a thing was out of plee. I listened at the outside door,, whiclh led into the yard; and'could hear tile snore of the-dbg. in.his kennel as he lay dreaming of his. last day's.sport,. or his much-enjoyed bones. With this exception everything was still in the yard. Perhaps, after all, my m'other-in-law was very ill. I ascended the stairs again, and j again I listened at the door. I was afraid to disturb her, for I knew how much my hus I band' had wished that she would sleep. Slight as was the noise I made, she heard me, and spoke.. S'Lily, is anything the matter T'" So 3I opened the door and went in.. She had not slept since IT had left her, but had" been. tossing about with, pain,- she informed me, and she also had heard those strange and mysterious sounds, and wanted me to explain them.. That, unfortunately, I could; not do; but I gave- her her medicine, and smoothed her pillows, and after a, while she turned her face agnin to the wall, as if to compose her 1 self to sleep, and I gently closed her door and left her once more alone.. Yet again I sat down by. the fire, and the \- kitchen, clock announced a quarter, past twelve. What occurred: after that I can 1 scarcely tell you; for the- next thing I heard ; was a fearful crash4 I thought the very L -ralls of the house must have given way ;-and a then, oh !. what an awful silence followed. b It was; impossible to. bear. it alone-my 1\. heart beat as if it would. burst, and with one b wild; cry I rushed, up the stairs and! into-the ; sick womanii's, room,: without a single thought i as. ha, the- consequences: of" her- weakened nerves. t There- sat Mrs Fairfax bold upright in bed, m suddenly aroused from sleep- sleep: which se was. of suchl value to her-with: her eyes o almost starting from their-sockets.. n "Lily, what is it ? she gasped.. Her-fear steadied mine.. c 'I do not know, mother' I replied;: 'but s it cannot be anything very dreadful,, and Walter will be home soon.' r ' My dear,'"she returned,.' the kitchen: wall ' has certainly fallen in.' '-Oh, no, mother, it has not;. I went in ' there just now, and it was all right, She pondered for a while, then. in an, awed' c voice she said :. e '"Lily, I have often heard' that the Grey House is haunted, and I have laughed at the I idea. I have lived here thirty years, and I t have never heard, anything until to-night. It sounded like the clanking of a chain, and seemed to-be under my bed. Miy dear,. maniacs do sometimes escape; I think you had better lock the door.' But when I looked there was no key.. So we sat together clasping each others I hands until; the sound. of a horse's. hoofs struck upon my ears. Then, I did- not wait for my husband to I ring, but I rushed: down. the stairs,:.. flew through, the- kitchen, opened: the scullery door, and flhng myself into. his. arms, just as he dismounted.. 'Oh, Walter, Walter, thank Gbod you.have come ' I cried, and. burst into, a. flood, of tears. '"Little woman, what is the matter 7" he asked, gravely,, as he clasped me in' his strong arms.. ' Oh, I do, not know.. It is something dkreadful, I replied.. For a. moment he held'me ftomnhirm, and:I saw' in the.m oonlight that he paled.. 'Lily, is it my mother ?. Is she worse 7' '"No,, I hope not ;:only frightened, L think. He kept hold of me with one- hand,, and with the other, rang the. bell. for Martin, the boy; ' Will you go in, darling ' lie asked';: you. will' catch cold if you. remain, out, here in. the yard. '"No, no!' Let me stay with. you?" I pleaded.. '.I am afraid to go in.' He looked at my white face with wondber as?I stood, with.the moon's rays.shining, full. upon me, and' said no more. When. the lad came down, he. asked;. very quietly : 'Erverything right ?, 'Quite right.' '-Nb.calls I' '.No, sir." 'Re handed Martin:the-bridle andspoke.to. him once more. ' Don't forget to: lock.the diors." Then. he led' me in, and: when we. reached the dinir.g-room he looked at me. '- Well,.darling, what is it "'he 'itid. ' Walter,' I replied.grayely,. ' this hodse-is haunted.' 'Is that all ' lie returned; and'his:hearty laugh well nigh dispelled my fears, though at the very same time it somewhat aroused my temper.. ' It's all very well,.but-y6u di ~not'ear it,:" 'fcourse, I idn't, little oman ;,tell me what you. heard.' ' Oh, there were several dreadful' sounds 'knocks and thumpings-and then the clank ing of a chain, as if a madman had broken loose, and then all the walls seemed to. fall cdown:" ' Well, I will walk round' the house- and see if I can find anything, to.account for it. Go. to. my mother; darling, if she too, is frightened; and tell her Lam home.' Some minutes later hejoinedus. 'I cannot find anything to account for your alarm, my dear people,' he said, with an' amused smile, 'but I have learned one lesson; it will not do to send the servant to, bed when I'm away. You two nervous crea tures will frighten each other to death.. Mother, I will mix you a composing draught; and now, little wife, go.to bed. You will Sget no beauty- sleep if you sit up so late.' 'I have set out the supper for you,. Walter,' I whispered, are you not hungry ? ' As hungry as a hunter, small woman, come and, see.'" So w' went down; but.still I felt cross with my unbelieving husband. Aswe sat down to the tal?l: hecaught sight of my face, and rose hastily again 'Lily,. darlingr you are vexed with me,' he said, more as a question than an assertion. ' W'ell,.yes, I am; you should.not laugh at I my fears. They are well founded.' ~' My wife, I donot say they were not; all I do say is that natural ca?uses.may be fOund to account for most things.' 'I shalL be uncommonzily glad, Walter, if s you can find' any natural cause for the awful [ sounds I listened to to-night,' I replied, scornfully. 'I tell you the house is haunted.' ' I shall live in hope of unravelling the Smystery,. dear," he repliedi good-humoured; "'and now listen-there are some some other sounds.' I The Christmas waifs were singing beneath our windows, and a great calmness came softly over my spirit. s'Kiss me, little wife; do you hear those I words words.of peace and good will ' I I kissed him with a full heart, and the \- cloud passed between us then and forever. , The next morning, as was my worint, I went into, the kitchen to give orders. ' Why, cook, your clock, has stopped !' I , remarked; I 'Yes, ma'ami that it has, and I can't do more with it till it has a new cord. It broke i before, and I fastened it on to the weights 1 again, but now it has gone right through, 4 and it is- altogether past mending. I told 1 Mary' (that is our housemaid) 'that it r wouldn't last, but I never thought it would go so soon; and what a noise it dlid make. :1 I heard it evenlin my room, and it fell down in the night with such a crash. e ''Lor, Mary,' I says, ' if that rope ain't t gone already., ' Then I turned and went to s!eep again, ' and forgot all about it-; but when IL come y down this morning I see'd. as it had. stopped I at a quarter past twolhre..' 'A quarter past twelve," I echoed;. and ' mentally added;. 'thist was my, ghost.' e My husband was right.;: most things can e be accouuted for by natural causes.., t The strands, of the rope had supapedi one I by one with a sharp, crack,, and, thea. the whole chai had. run noiaily.- downi, a?itt~ . weights had fallen with a heavy thud, re sounding in the hollow clock case ;. and, my. i own highly'strung nerves, added to the still ness of the night, had done the rest.. 'Lily,; Lily, here's the postman,' called a: cheery voice, 'and there are cards.enough to,. set up a fancy shop.with.. 'Here's. something better than. a card;' I replied,. taking a budget from my husband's: 'hand.. 'Here is a letter from my dear, old ' mother,' and quickly broke the. seal.. '-She wishes us. both happiness, dear ;. and, oh, ! what do you. think 1 There's.going to be an- other wedding in the family; Bob.Hilyer is. engaged to. Mary.. I am so glad.' ' The traitor i This time last year hie was. breaking his heart for you. I don't mind,, though.. if Mary doesn't. 'ŽNor 1, and.mother says they are.as.happy as children.. ' So am I, darling,' replied' my husband;, earnestly. and he clasped my hand and held. it tenderly in his own.. '-Walter,' I said, rather- shamed-faced,. '.I have found out last night's, mystery.' 'And what is it-----' 'Only the breaking of the rope.of:the. old kitchen clock ;. but you can't think what a terrible noise it made.': 