OUR STORY. THROUGH DEVIOUS WAYS. *Ehb wind was laden with promise of a bleak and rainy evening. At the door of the house the wind waited like a bailiff to force an entrance. Within, four cousins sitting together in the gray dusk were talking on a subject as full of matter to them as the evening was damp. The muslin curtains hung limp at the windows, and the colourless walls looked like moun tain sheets of niist, shutting them out from all warmth, and comfort, and gaiety. A smell of mildew came up from the hay under the carpet—a red and green carpet, polluted by the touch of feet only on Sun days and company days. A black walnut centre-table, uncovered, with four pain fully bowed legs, supported the literature of the household—a photograph album, a Bible carefully preserved, a collection of ethical essays known as the "Golden Treasury of Thought," and supposed to be adapted to all the needs and tempta tions of the human soul, and a volume of miscellaneous poems which bore, embla zoned in gold on its faded blue sides, " Pearls from the Poets." In one corner of the room stood a black horsehair sofa, •which Bloped so violently towards the front that any one trusting himself upon its slippery surface was obliged to cling to the back as a sailor does to a rope in high seas. The cane-seated chairs, placed geo metrically against the walls of the room, were somewhat disarranged now by the Bhivering persons, two of whom sat wrapped in plaid shoulder shawls, with their elbows upon the centre-table. A girl little older than these paced up and down the room with her arms folded be hind her. She did not look cold J there . were an activity and animation about her j that seemed to defy even the encroach ment of cold. The last member of the j quartette was a thin young man with a patient, cadaverous face, such as isolated farmers often wear. | " The land ain't worth a pound an . acre," he was saying to his companions, "and I don't know that we'll have an other such an offer as we've got now. We might as well sell and be done with it. I never was no hand for breaking up new lands, anyhow." '• Jfor I," exclaimed the girl who was walking the floor mischievously. But no j one paid any attention to her. "It might give Hattie and Nora a start ; down in town in the millinery or dress- I making business, or something light and j genteel. Neither of *em ain't much on j farmin', an' I don't know s I blame em j much." The girls referred to sat silent, j with that irresponsiveness of which only an Australian woman is capable when she j demurs. " I don't suppose David cares much what is done with the land, but it wouldn't be right for us to close the agree ment till he gets here, and he'll be here to-morrow night at the latest. I thought he'd come to-night. My share will give me a help over the winter, for I'm not in a state to sneeze at ready money. What Margaret will do with her share I cannot say-" , i " I shall endow an asylum for indigent cats," said the girl called Margaret. " It might go quite away if it is expended for diluted milk, but I don't think there will be enough to do much else with." The cousins all looked a little shocked at her flippancy. She was town bred, and they had never gotten over the idea that she might be a little dangerous. For a long time after her mother's death she kept house for her father, when he too died she came to the country to live with j her cousin Bill. He and his sisters lived on a tract of land which their father had dignified by the name of farm. When, worn out with his fight with the elements and the soil, his narrow old soul left his toil-worn body, his children found that his farm was to be equally divided be tween them, their orphan cousin Marga ret, and the son of his youngest "brother. This son was David, of whom Bill had spoken, and he was in his last year of course at the Melbourne University. None of the cousins had ever seen him, but tliey knew that he had sufficient money to relieve him from the pressure under which they laboured. "You speak as if you didn't want to sell, Margaret. Now, if you don't, why, just speak right out and let us know all about it." "I can't help wondering, coz, what makes this man so anxious to buy. I'm sure the land doesn't present an attrac tive appearance at present. I can t get over the idea that there is more in it than appears on the surface." " Well, I ain't no judge of that, Mar garet. I'm a fair dealin' roan, and I don't look for noth'm' but fair dealin' in others." The two sisterB looked at Margaret as much as to say—See there, now 1 BluBh for your suspicion. But Margaret con tinued to look wise. " There is no use waiting here longer to-night for David. If he had come on that train, surely he would have reached here by this time. I'm going to the kit chen to fry sausages for tea," But the brother and sisters still clung to the unaccustomed splendor of the best room, and Margaret was forced to go to the kitchen alone. In Gippsland one may lack many things, but never fuel. Margaret tied a wide gingham apron about her—sure am I 'twas proud to be belted about that shapely waist—and coaxed the languid fire to a generous blaze. She brushed the hearth, lit the lamp, drew the curtains, softly singing all the while, and then sat down before the fire, and proceeded to fry the meat. A few minutes later a shivering wayfarer pausing by the outer door heard the merry sizzling of chops in the frying pan. He knocked. "Come in 1" He entered. The glow of the fire lit up lier bright young face. The warmth, the crackling of the fire, and the frying meat made a beneficent welcome. " Are you cousin Nora ?" " No, but you are cousin David." " I was never called David in my life. I am Dave." " I am Margaret. Are you well ? Is it raining ?" " Baining? It is doing nothing half so hearty or pleasant. The wind is like a j wet sheet. I am shivering." He threw j his coat off ana' revealed the slenderness ! of his figure. His eyes were quick and ; sharp, his mouth firm, his expression re | served. " He lodkB like a proud man," I thought Margaret, as she went out to call her cousin from the parlour. " I wonder • how he'll get on with Bill." "My!" exclaimed Norah, "to think of his goin' right into the kitchen." " It seems a very good thing to have some relatives." said the young man, spreading his hands to the blaze when Nora and Bill had sat down beside him, and Margaret and Hattie moved softly about preparing the coffee. " Now, tell me about this sale." Bill and his.guest did the talking, David drinking the brown steaming coffee. Margaret, moving about in stately self-consciousness, felt David's eyes fixed upon her and grew hot and red. She was a little shy of this dapper young college critic. Too loyal to show by word or action that she was not of the same stuff as her simple-hearted country rela tives, she yet felt piqued at the thought that he doubtless confounded her with them. "Why is it you do'not wish to sell, Cousin Margaret?" he asked at length, when Bill had finished his stoiy. " Because he is too anxious to buy!" said she, colouring at the emphasis of her ! remark. 1 " I see you are a true woman." " If I am, I have borrowed a masculine quality of being suspicious." " Margaret's a leetle too sharp with her tongue," said Bill apologetically. " To make up for being so slow with her wit," said she, and vanished through the door to return no more that nigh. Whatever David Scott did he seemed to do quickly and easily. He was a man eminently fitted to get on in the world. The next morning he left the bouse and was gone to the neighbouring township two days. When he returned it was nine o'clock in the evening. The household was just on the point of retiring. Norah Bat by the hearth pensively doing up her hair in curl papers. Bill was putting the finishing touches to a harness which he had been oiling, and which filled the room with a sickening odour. Hetty was fold ing up the ironed clothes, ready to be laid in the drawer. David saw all this as he entered, and he saw, too, a glimpse of a skirt of blue which disappeared as he en tered the door. "So I have made an enemy of my untamed cousin," he said to himself. " Well, if she declares war, all I can do is to make an. honourable re treat." " Well, man, what's the news 9" cried Bill. "My boy, we're made. The news is gold ! gold ! ! gold ! !! Here, under our feet, all about us, is gold. We're rich, 1 tell you. I've a little fortune to risk on it, and to-morrow we'll begin. What do you say ?" Bill's quiet face lit up with a deep flush. He could not speak. Success did not seem natural to liim. " The man who tried to huny through that sale represented a syndicate. I got on to his little game in no time." Hattie ran from the room to tell Mar garet, but when she told her Margaret only said : " Well, I suppose we'll find it more agreeable in some ways." Margaret Scott!" cried Hattie indig nantly, "you are a regular stock and stone." Coz," replied Margaret with a myste riouB shrug, " I would give this fortune which is coming if yon will turn me into a stock and a stone." David Scott did not go back to college. He stayed at the township and conducted the work which went on at the farm. The profits were not long in coming, and when they began to come they came thick and fast. ' Yon are the goose," said Margaret to David on one of those rare occasions when they met, " who laid our golden eggs." "Thanks," said he; "but don't im agine I was disinterested in it. I did it for a reward." " Did you get it, sir ?" " Not wholly. I hoped for the good will, or at least the small thanks, of my cousins. Three of them have given me both heartily; one of them withholds everything from me save her dislike." " I thought yon were too busy getting rich to notice such small things," said Margaret spitefully. She was sorry the minute she saw how hurt he looked, hut she would make no amends. The young are never averse to a picturestue misery. Margarett Scott nursed hers as a mother does a puling child. She took long walks in the paddocks when the wind blew cold as man's ingratitude. She meditated for hours in the large, sparsely-furnished room where Bhe slept. Her vigorous personality was inexpressibly irritated that her fancy should so easily and lightly have fastened itself upon a man who was a total stranger, and one at that who seemed to have no j wish or time for wooing. Margaret would watch him from the window. He seemed j to be everywhere at once. No shirking | escaped him; he was orderly, capable, ingenious, and practical; his clearness \ and decision challenged her admiration J anew each day. j " What will we do with all this money i j of ours ?" she said one day to Nora and Hattie. "I suppose we might as well j spend some of it." J i " I'm not sure I know how," laughed [ Hattie. | " And there is no chance here, any how," said her sister regretfully. " Well, I think I may as well go where it can be done. I'm going to Melbourne," said Margaret. She was one of those women who can start on a journey short of a month's pre paration, and the next day but one she 1 started when her cousin was away in the next township looking up some miners. Yet she stealthily watched from the car riage window in the hope that he might be returning. But though among all the figures that loafed in lop-sided attitudes about the platform there were many fami liar ones, she did not find his. How he would have dashed in among those gaping f idlers with that fiery impetuosity of Ms. ! It is not the fashion to consider the aver | age man of business picturesque, but to Margaret there came an idealised vision of the Knight of Commerce as he had his lance in rest for Fortune. But he did not return till the following day, when he came to find Margaret gone. He was not what one would term a senti mental man. The directness, the candour, the educated common sense of his mind precluded anything like morbidity in hiin • but all the same he found it a difficult matter in the days that followed to keep his mind upon his work. He felt deeply chagrined. He could not perceive how he made himself obnoxious to Margaret, but that he had in some way done so he could not doubt. The dull farm-house, with its desolate garden, its commonplace interior, grew distasteful to him. His cousins, Hattie and Nora, going on about their domestic round were utterly savor less to him. With inherent frugality they still thought only of saving, and had not the remotest realisation of the possibili ties of their possessions. Bill was filled with a heavy sort of pride at his new im portance, but it seemed to weigh upon liinj and take from him what little light ness of heart he ever had. David Scott plainly saw, however un conscious it may have been, that it was the fascinating hope of seeing Margaret, though he received no welcome from her, that had taken 'him so frequently to the house in the intervals of his busy hours. But he would allow liimsolf no tender day-dreams. " Am I a man to waste the best in me on a woman who cannot love me ?" he protested with himself. " I am ; no barbarian that I should pursue a wo man with attentions that she resents." But the longing for her grew almost in supportable. He could not rid himself of a haunting, ghost-like Margaret that seemed to dog his steps and to vanish whenever he turned his eyes upon her. Her strong, active frame, her clear eyes, her taunting mouth, her musical voice, seemed to pervade his atmosphere, and he felt them about him unceasingly. j " It's simply because Fm a human be ing," he told himself cynically. " My j time has come for mating. My scornful cousin Margaret chanced to be within range of my vision—and thereby hangs j tMs tale." After all of this comforting ; philosophy it was somewhat humiliating ' when, a week later, he passed the farm house on his way to the works and saw | her at the rear window, to have every j drop of blood iu his body suddenly stop and then race madly through his veins like surging waters of a spring-time flood. " You are back again 1" he said stu- : pidly. I " Yes," she answered. " I hope you are well, sir," Then, without waiting for a reply, she hurried away. After this David never ventured beyond the thres- i hold of the house wheu necessity took him thither. "Come in," Bill would say to him. " Ye wouldn't know th' house. Margaret brought a whole truck-load of furniture home with her, besides two fellers to do th' fixin' for her. Th' very walls is like i piclurs, and as fur th' chairs, I swear they'd make a loafer of a man in no time. An' carpets, man, an' rugs, an' curtains. I Well, I be hung if she ain't the greatest on curtains I ever see. Blow me, man, ef ] they ain't up at th' doors as well as th' , windows. Then th' bookB. That's what you'd like, now. Why, the room the j girls kep' for kumpaney bedroom is quite ' papered with 'um. We set there most! now, an' mighty pleasant it is." But j these chronicles had only the effect of keeping David at his haughty distance. "She makes sunshine for all but me," he complained bitterly to himself. He saw Nora and Hattie in. unaccustomed splendor, and noticed that their place in the kitchen had been taken by a buxom servant girl. "I'll stay here till I've made money enough to invest in some thing that will give me a comfortable liv ing, and then get as far away from here as possible," he vowed. That night, as he was about to huriy home in the early dreary dusk, Bill met him with a very anxious face. " Margaret is down with a fever," he announced, " I am going for a doctor." " Let me go," cried David. "You go and stay with the girls." In two hours the doctor was in Margaret's room. David paced the parlour below, waiting for his verdict. " She's bound to have a run of typhoid," said the doctor. " But she's got a good constitution, and I trust she'll pull through all right." Then came days of suspense which made him ashamed that he had called the sentimental moodiness of the last few weeks misery. At length one day Nora rushed across the cold paddocks hatless, and begged him to come to Mar garet. " She's been callin' for you, Dave, for the last two days, bat Hattie and me thought she would be best pleased when she got well if we didn't call you. But I can't stand it; really, I can't. Trem bling in every limb, he reached the room. Ghastly as moon when it breaks through storm-clouds, the girl lay tossing in the shadowy gloom. What did he hear ? " David! David ! Dear love ! You are tired. Rest, dear one. Do they think you never tire ? You are growing pale. 1 am watching you, dear one, though you do not guess it. Ah, yon must carry me by storm, my knight. I will not coax your favour, A staunch heart or none will I have. Yet, do not look so grieved, love. Oil, Nora, what a fool I am ! I've lost my common sense. See if you can find it for me." Suddenly she became j wild and raised herself in the bed, tossing j her arms about and screaming for David. I 1 " You will die, David, and never know 1 I loved you. Come David, David!" jje 1 could restrain himself no longer,. but j folded her in his arms, and with every I soothing device love could conjure laid j her back upon the pillow and lulled her into a peaceful sleep. " God bless you, j David," said Hattie, with tears in her ! eyes. "I believe you have saved her." j The days that followed were filled with J all blessedness for Margaret. She de i lighted in her weakness Bince it brought • such loving solicitude, such loving watch | fulness. And when the deepening blue I of the sky and the profuse wild- fiowers j told that summer had come, Margaret made the home of David Scott all that he had imagined she would. 