Mr. Hodgkinflon at Croydon. [Bi Telegraph.} . Cbotdoh, Aonl 20. • vV' •u°?on}'SO!» arrived on the Croydon W His committee received a wire when 10 left Creen Creek, and accompanT^ by large number of supporters in twn?n.„..;„_t£..5 arags, and other vebiolea, with a bmaa band went out and met him at Station Creek, On entering tho town Mr. Hodgkinson received, u > perfect ovation. The streets were lined with people. At O'Brien and Carter Bros.'a iron wonts a triumphal arch had been erected, bearing the words "Welcome the miners' friend,1' and 11 £4 per week wages," on each ride being large portraits of Mr. Hodgkinson and Mr. Hunter. On reaching Tomple'sHotel a tremendous gathering greeted Mr. Hodgkin boo, who in too course of a few remarks to them, said this was a duel between Macrossan and himself. He had come up to fight Macros san, and intended to win. It was no use returning him without Mr. Hunter, as they , wene the only two reqognised Liberal candi dates. The others might be very good men privately, but politically nothing hut "political aunt sallies*" for Mr. Mac rossan. Mr. Hodgkinson's remarks were loudly cheered. Immediately afterwards his committee rooms were crowded with his sup porters, 'and here Messrs. Hodgkinson and Hunter's health was enthusiastically drunk. Both gentlemen responded, and three cheers were . given for both together, with hearty cheers for Sir 8. W. Griffith. Great excitement prevails in town to-night, and party feeling is high, ' but the Liberals are confident of success. Cboidon, April 23. '•Mb. Hodgkinson addressed the electors in a J marquee in Samwcll street on Saturday after noon. The marquee, which is used as a boxing ; saloon, is tho only place largo enough to hold : the audienco. More than 1,000 persons were present. Mr. Hodgkinson, on entering, was greeted with enthusiastic applause. Mr. \- Richard White, an old miner, presided and ; briefly introduced the candidate who, on rising, was received with three hearty cheers. •- - Mr. Hodgkinson said there was no disguising : the fact that this election was a political duel between himself and Mr. John Murtagh • Macrossau. Ho appeared before them in reply to a requisition signed by 1,438 of the electors, asking him to contest the election in j the interests of the miuing community, and in -'the cause of- Liberal progress throughout • the world. No man in Queensland had • .ever been honoured by a spontaneous . tribute of confidence so great. He was, as they knew, a poor man and a plain-speaking man, but he knew that no oajolery and no out lay would have Becured him those. signatures. • Hei mentioned that merely to hurl the truth iu the teeth of those cowardly calumniators. who had vilified him, and tried to disparage that requisition. . (Great cheering. A voice: . wXou will get the, lot and more.") ' He had received requisitions from other ~ electorates, hut it was his desire to again represent the electorate he represented 14 years "ago. He felt sure that with the aid of every free agent on the Etheridge his election was a foregone conclusion, as no California Gully ghosts or dead and buried voterswould drivefrom tho poll or outnumber his promised supporters. There was a great issue at stake, and though it 1 might not seem to'them of much importance, so long as he was returned, what majority might suffice, he eould assure them it was of supreme importance that every man, for or against him, should record his vote, so that. in the declaration of the poll the country might 'learn the true sentiments of its free exponents of opinion. He desired also that as worthy upholders of Liberalism they would support Mr. Hunter, whose return was of .equal im portance to his. Mr. Hodgkinson then ' reviewed his actions since his appointment as a Minister, and claimed that all promises made *by him during his recent trip had been ful " filled where they affected his own department, and had been brought under the notice of his 'colleagues where they affected theirs; and in "each case he had received a distinct promise 'they should be granted. Referring to the [grant "of £1,000 to the Croydon Divisional Board, he said it was accompanied byasug 'gestion'that it should he employed in the main tenance of main roads, but the money be longed to the board, and it was for them to decide how to dispose of it. .He advocated the establishment of coach communication between the east coast and Normanton. There was, as they remembered, a break in the continuity of some 160 miles lying between Herberton and Georgetown, and there was a rival claim, supported by all the influence of Townsvillo, to throw this district overboard altogether and run a coach lino from Hughenden to Croydon, a distance of 3-56 miles. But one tender was received for each service, and both tenders were from the same firm. The Hughenden and Croydon service was for £1,800 for 366 miles ; the Herberton-Georgetown line wasfor £2,200 for 167 miles. Ho thought it was eiasy to see what influence was at work, and what they might expect when Mr. John Mur tagh Macrossau became dictator of the North, with Townsville as the hcadcehtre of Treasury patronage. (Groans, and cries of V He won't.") After stating it was his duty as Minister for Mines to make himself ac quainted with every mining centre, he said what he had done had been characterised by • Sir Thomas M'll wraith, with true-born ele quence, as a tour of slobbering promises. Sir Thomas M'Hwraith was a man who, after a long interregnum of political 6lumbtr, was again raising bis corpulent structure after noting thnt tho land wan recovering from tho effects of a series of severe droughts, and that his renewed appetite was promised succulent enjoyment of fat national nu triment. Was not his henchman Macrossan a peripatetic political petrel, crying "Woe, woo" throughout tho laud ? Happily thoro were few to listen to or heed his interested jeremiad. Touching his (the speaker's) political creed, Mr. Hodgkinson said ho was in favour of driv ing Asiatic and other aliens from the gold fields as a preparatory ttep to their exoliision from Australia. Tho last census returns showed that ono-sixth of our total adult male population were coloured aliens who, under existing Aots, could swamp any goldfield, just as thoy had swamped the Palmer, and ho asked thorn to mark how they were distributed. When tho lust census was completed the present system of electorates had not been adopted. Forty-four electorates only existed, extending in an alphabetical list^ fruni Aubigny to Wide Bay. With the addition of then disfranchised district of Somerset, in those districts* out o£ the total number, 17,922, thero wore 13,175 adult aliens. Who repre sontcd those seven electorates, and where wero they situated? Mackay, with 2,253; was represented by Hume Black; Cook, with 3,254, waB represented by John 'Hamilton; Townsviile, with 1,062, was represented by John Murtagh Macrossan; Burke, with 737, was represented by Edward Palmer ; Somerset, with 564, was re presented actually, though not directly, hy Mr. John Hamilton; Musgrave, with 2,760, represented hy Mr. Kohort Philp; Kennedy, with 699, represented by Mr. Isidore Lisaner; and Mulgrave, with 1,576, represented hy Mr. W. Adams; and these men—these Hamil tono, Macrossans, and Palmers—were the apostles of freedom, the slavish satellites of Sir S. W. Griffith, the determined opponents of Sir Thomas M'Hwraith ! (Groans and uproar.) Poor blind enthusiasts, they were again going to sacrifice themselveB, hut it rested with the electors to say yes or no to this. (Loud cries, "No.") He hoped that answer would he endorsed at the poll. He would not go into the tissue of lies about Sir S. W". Griffith being responsible for the influx of Chinese or blacks. They knew it was a tissue of lies or they would oppose Sir S. W. Griffith. Speaking on the question of abolition of the sale of Crown lands on goldfields, Mr. Hodgkinson said he had already stopped a sale at Charters Towers and one at Cape River, and his colleagues, who were in full accord with him in the matter, had issued stringent instructions to prevent any further Bales. Regarding the amendment of the gold mining and mineral lands regu lations, after taunting Mr. Macrossan with his falsity on the matter, Mr. Hodgkinson said they might see hy that day's Croydon Miner that ho had, though Parliament was not in existence, published by command of his Excellency the Governor some regulations extending to mineral lands and giving to miners for minerals other than gold ani coal the privileges of a protection area with the right of conversion into a reward claim or lease. (Applause.) Ho could not publish the proposed gold mining leases regulations, because they virtually affect the Gold Mining Acts in force. These must be amended by Parliament before the regulations could he adopted by the Governor-in-Council. The exist ing . regulations were incomplete, but ho had submitted them to public opinion on every goldfield in the colony, but be bad not had time to digest or make use of the many suggestions offered. Speaking on the estab lishment of local mining hoards, Mr. Hodg kinsoa said they had been tried in Victoria and found wanting. Grave objections exist to relegating judicial powers to elective bodies, which are liable to he swayed by existin g currents of popular opinion, hut as there was a strong de mandforsuch boards in some centres of mininghe proposed to introduce them, say at Charters Towers, as a tentative measure. A cardinal feature of his proposed policy was to expedite the formation of a railway connecting the east coast of Queensland with Normanton. (Local control over local matters formed a noticeable plank in the platforin of tho Griffith Ministry, and it would not have to want any support he could accord it. The water supply question was of grave'importance and had eDgaged his attention since he had been in office, but if he did his duty it was thrown in his teeth that he was slobbering the electors with promises, but where the lives of 7,000 people were at stake nothing would deter him from doing his duty. On the question of protection, he could say he was as firm an advocate of it as he was an opponent of separation, hut he would further address them on both subjects. It was difficult to make any distinction between the policy of the two parties, as the Opposition had quietly usurped the popular tenets of the Ministerial programme without acknowledging them. Mr. Hodgkinson referred to a paragraph which had appeared in a local paper to the effect that his electioneering expenses were being paid out of the public purse. He dared the author of that paragraph, who was present at that meeting, to standout and make the charge to his face. (Prolonged applause.) Though tho subtlety of Mr. Macrossan bad left its track behind him, he exonerated that gentleman from such grossneBS. If he had to purchase his seat he would decline to contest. (Cries of " No.") He could not fight the Opposition canteen, backed by a species of ecclesiastical bushranging with a theological blunderbuss pointed at the heads of those who declined to give up. He was prepared to give his time and what ability he possessed, hut he would not pay one shilling for the honour of representing them beyond the legal aud just cost of travelling and absolutely necessary ex penses. Ho would not inBult tho electors by supposing they wished to penalise his pocket, but in the face of such cowardly inueudoes it was just as well to make an open declaration on the subject. Mr Hodgkinson resumed his scat amid loud and prolonged applause. In answer to questions, Mr. Hodgkinson said ho was strongly in favour of the Naval Defence Bill, which was met with strong expressions of disfavour till he had eloquently pointed out his reasons, when tho feeling of the meeting ohanged. A vote of confidence was put aud carried with acclamation, only two holding up their hands against it. 