Sotott Calk. UsBouly Heineken's Pilsener Lager Beer. See it has a green label. — ADVT.j The Flinders arrived in Geraldton from D erby en route to Fremantleon "Wednesday last. She brought no very important news from , the northern porta. Derby is said to be very dull bub ->> : Roebour d e, owing =>mo the annual race meeting and the success which is general ly hoped for in connection with gold mining in the district, is very lively. IN order . to provide for the suitable accommo dation for the number of prisoners in one par ticular case to be tried during the present sit- . ting of the Supreme Court at Geraldton the felons dock has been considerably -enlarged. . There is so many cases to be heard during the sitting that in all probability it will last until Wednesday next if not for some days longer. The Government must surely be in a very bad way financially when they cannot supply an ensign for the Geraldton Government flagstaff. This staff was quite bare till a late hour on Thursday the Queen's birthday while bunting was being displayed in almost every available stick in the town. Ashamed no doubt of such a state of things the police sometigie during the day actually borrowed a flag for the occasion. Last Sunday being Whit-Sunday there were two celebrations at the Church of England and in the afternoon the prizes were distributed to the Sunday School scholars. At the evening service Att wood's setting of " Come Holy Ghost " was sung as an anthem by the choir, Mrs. Gale tak ing the solo, and the second verse being, sung as an unaccompanied quartette % Mrs. Gale, Miss M. Baston, Mr. Wells and Mr. Garner. Mr. Justice Stone was. present at the evening service. Another highly successful meeting of the Working Men's Mutual Improvement Society was held last Monday evening. Two hours were very pleasantly spent in impromptu speech making on current topics selected by the committee. Mr. Wiltshire the Chairman of the Society displayed much tact in controlling t he meeting and in encouraging young mem bers to come forward and to give their ideas on the subjebts dealt with. Next Monday evening Mr. C. P. Re'lly one of the most prominent members of the society will read a paper oh " How £100,000 can be s curely and . profitably invested in the Vietoiia District-." . We take the following from the W-A.C. Record: — -'The Captain Commanding the Fremantle Rifle volunteers has decided to retire from his present military duties. He sa-- s, in a circular which'he has issued to the officers, noa-commis- sioned officers, and members of his company, that the recent Easter Encampment revealed to him the fact that what -was formerly a great pleasure had become a mere matter of duty and therefore he has forwarded an application to - the commandant askiug that gentleman to re commend his retirement from the duties of. the command or the "corps. It is impossible to learn from the words, of the- circular the real cause of Mr. Humble's withdrawal from the company of which he has been for so Icing a period the zeal ous Commanding Officer. . Mr. Humble has : served as a commissioned Officer for fifteen , years and is now entitled to be placed on the Retired List. . In the matter of advertising charges as in most other things our American cousins may reason ably claim to " lick creation." "A column in the Chicago Tribune " it is said " costs the ad vertiser £6,200 per annum. . The New York . Herald receives for the lowest price £7,300, and for the highest £12,600, per annum for a column. The New York Tribune for its lowest ' gets £4,250, and for its highest £17,000 for the same space, and these papers, it is said, never lack for advertisements to fill their columns." It ; is needless perhaps for us to state that we would require very little pressure to induce us to let our entire advertising space in these hard times for the sum paid for one column of any of the above mentioned advertising mediums. Under date of April 5th Messrs Helmuth Schwartze & Co report concerning the wool sales that both the Home and foreign trades were well represented, , and . there was good competition. The selection of Australian wool offered was hardly representative, "a large proportion being crossbred, while of Capes there was but a small show. As far as - could.be judged however prices for both Aus tralian and Cape wools showed no changes from the closing rates of last series. The ar rivals in time comprise about 68,000 bales. Deducting what has been forwarded direct,, but adding the wools held over from last series, the total available amounts to about 34<0,000 bales. As at present arranged the series will last till the 15th May. Messrs Dalgetty & Co., report under date of April 12th.: — "'The second series of colonial wool sales, for 1888, opened on the 5th inst, with an estimated available total of 340,000 bales after deduction of what has been for warded direct, but inclusive of the wools held over from last series. The attendance both of home and foreign buyers was large, and has continued so up to the present date. The de mand appears good, and biddings are general ly very spirited up to a certain point, export ers so far taking about two-thirds of the quantity sold ; practically prices show very Httle alteration from those ruling at the close of last series, the finer grades of good comb ing merinos, shewing in some cases, a slight advance on the decline then submitted to, whilst medium, short and faulty clothing wools, (especially Scoured,) are at best up to closing rates. The biddings for crossbreds have been very spirited, but prices are barely as last series, especially in the case of the coarser grades. Lambs wool appers in very large supply the best lots, when of fair length, and free from fault, make good prices, but short wasty and faulty parcels, are very hard to quit even at low prices. Accounts from most of the woollen manufacturing centres are fairly satisfactory, but the political distrust which has so long exercised a depressing effect on trade is yet far from removed. On Thursday afternoon last a football match was played on Victoria Square between teams composed respectively of volunteers and all comers, the former being captained by H. Car son and the latter by A. Meadowcroft. The sides appeared to. be remarkably even and con sequently considerable interest was evinced in thi match. Owing to the day being a holiday and to there being a. number of visitors in. town the attendance of the general public was unusually good. The volunteers won the toss for choice of goals and of course elected to kick with the wind which was, however, very light and gave them little or no advantage. Meadowcroft kicked off for the civilians, the ball beingtakenby Bryant and kicked straight through the goal posts. This evidently put the volunteers on their metal as they had it all their own way for the rest of the game, during which they seeured two goals and 8 behinds. There was no horse play we are glad to say during the match and considering the fact of i:s being the first match of the season . the play was very creditable. Among the promin ent players on Thursday may be mentioned Cope, Miller and Kelly for the volunteers and Meadowcroft. Rowe, Bryant and Sampey for their opponents. . Our Perth correspondent telegraphed the following city news last evening : — The election meeting at the Town Hall was very large. Mr. Burt Spoke for over an honr, and although greatly interrupted by the noisy section of Mr. Horgan's supporters, was listened to . with general attention and warmly received. Mr. Bnrt pointed out that Mr. Horgan had not given his views on the leading question of the f day, viz, Responsible Government. Mr. Horgan followed Mr. Burt with another tirade of foolish abuse which disgusted many of his own sup porters. The-feeling in favor of Mr. Burt has gained greatly in strength since he addressed his constituency, and it is now. hoped that, he will be returned by a large majority. Mr. Horgan addresses bis constituents again again on Satur day night. It is believed Mr. Hepsman will also speak on the occasion. By supporting a man incapable and unworthy to represent the leading constituency the member for Greenongh considerably injures himself in public estimation. Mr. Riseley reports valuable gold discoveries to the south-east and sixty miles from Golden Valley and he has put in an application for a reward, "Gold .news from Eastward is generally satisfactory. The nam- . ber of prospectors out iB large, a quantity of stone being raised, especially by Payne and Anstey. Gold and silver in payable quantities have also been, discovered on the Hentys' estate, nearBunbury. Lady Broome reef, is being very succossfnlly floated and prospects generally, are much more hopepul. The Chief Justice was ; presented with an address- df congratulation from the Guildford people on Wednesday last. — .. ... - Mr. Barratt in opening the <case gave a general idea of the nature and extent of the evidence which he would producej and then ctiled upon his first witness. Sim Poo who said : I was in 'January last in the employ of Mr Grant of Newmarraearra; Siang was working there at the eaine time; he and I were working at a tack : we were each using a pick ; I took Siang'e pick during .tbe morning in exchange for my own ; Siang swore at me' for doing this, and was angry ; about half-past nine I went to make some tea and asked Siang to have some, but he would not come ; he.. afterwards went away and made tea for himself ; I threw his pan- nican off the fire and we both went to work again ; Siang said 11 1 must be the b master;'" I said I was only cook, aud not at all master j we . working one. behind the oth.er ; Siang. being in the rear; I was work- rSTg with a spade ; Siaug hit me in 'the back he did not say anything/prior to hitting me; X was stooping down shovelling sand into a cart when Siang' struck me in the back with the pick produeed ; after Siang struck the blo w be said he wanted to. . MU me so that I would not be able to go to Singapore ; Siang knew I wanted to go to Singapore ; Sam Parker and Badger were present when Siang struck me ; Sam Paiksr was quite close, and' so also was Badger ; they Btood on either side of the cart into which we had been sbo veiling, eaud ; Siaug said be would kill xne in English ; Siang ran away after he struck me ; i ran and caught hold of Sara Parker ; I was bleeding at the time from the wonnd through my back, and also from my mouth ; X did not say or do anything more than what I have already stated to annoy Siang ; I remember seeing the doctor at Mr. Grant's ; I forget the day on which I was struck, but think It was Wednesday. The witness was . then cross-examined by Mr. du Bonlay, but the evidence in chief was not effected and no fresh evidence was elicited. Badger, a Malay, said he was working for Mr/ Grant on the "18th Januaiy last, at a place about six miles from Newmarraearra ; Siang, Sim Poo, and Sam Parker, a teamster, were working with me; we were -making a tank ; Sim Poo was cook; we had as early breakfast, but at half-past nine we had a epell for tea and smoke. Sim Poo made the tea because Sam Parker told him to do so. He brought four cans of tea to the tank where we were working ; three of us had a drink 4 but Siang was not there , I called Siang, but he would not come ; early that morning Sim Poo took Siang's pick, and they had a bit of a quarrel over it ; tye reason he took Siang's pick was that he was working at stone aad Siang was -only working at clay:;. Siang's pick was the better one ; Siang Asked Sing Poo why tie took .the pick, to which -he replied the old .pick was good enough to work in the sand ; nothing-more took place before tea. At half-past .nine, after tea;- Siang had his own pick, and we all went to work, again ; Sim Poo and X were shovelling . sand Into the cart ; four or five minutes after tea Siang went over to the fire, he stayed a short wile and then came back and. told "me he had , a bunged eye ; Iexamined his eye, but saw nothing the matter; with it ; he remained. at work for a short time and and then went across to tbe fire again 4 he put a can with some water on the fire; Sim Poo went up to xhefire to light a cigar, and as they knew that Siang and Sim Poo had had a row that morning Sain Parker and I watched them. "They saw SimPoo kick Siang's pannican off the fire; Sim Poo said to Siang yon had better go to work, master don't want two cooks, I made yeu tea at half -past nine, why did you sot have -some then?" Shu Poo then came; back himself, aud he and I went on loading the cart; Siang, when he came back, said he had been malting water hot to bathe his/ «ye ; be left'the place be was working at be fore and came to work close by Sing Poo ; jat that time X was working at a lower level than Siaug aud Sim Poo ; I wasnotin a position to see well what took place above me ; I saw Sim Poo run towards Siang, and on seeing him said do you want to kill that Malay ; 'Sim Poo then threw the pick away, and ran to Sam Parker and said " You see what Siaug has done to my back." Park er called me and said, " Gome and see what -this Malay has done to Sim Poo ; I saw where a pick was put through Sim Poo's back, the blood came from his "mouth and shoulder blade ; I- then-took Sim Poo to the tent. Siang followed ns, but did not say anything; before "this the Malay said to Stmpoo, You are too cheeky, if you want to fight you -can come here and fighL" Siang said to me and Parker " Give Sim Poo to me and I will kill him dead." The pick pro duced Is the one Siang used ; when I saw it first, after the blow had been struck, it had blood on it. . Sim Poo never struck Sang at nil, nor tried-Xo hit him ; Siang and Sim Poo were before the 18th of January very good friends. Cross-examined by Mr du Bonlay: 1 would aot go to the trouble of mating hot water to make a bunged eye better;- we expected to see a fight that morning because the two men had had a slight barney ; there was no rule as to the ownership of the tools we used ; the assault was made about four or five minutes after Siang came back to work. Samuel Parker, a teamster in the employ of Mr. Grant, at Newmarraearra, was next called. His evidence was in a general way substantially the same as that of the last witness. He, however, was in a position to swear as to the act of wounding itself. He said he saw Siang strike Sim Poo, and judged that the blow was struck with as much force as Siang wonld have used had be been' using the pick iu loosening the "stone in the tank. He farther deposed to Siang running away immediately on striking the blow, add to his coming back again, as well as to having marked the pick shortly after, to show how far it had entered the back of Sim Poo. I Charles Bolton Elliott said i I am the Go- vernment Resident Medical Officer at Gerald ton, on the iBth of Januaiy last I attended Sim Poo at Mr. Grants station at Newmarra earra ; I found him lying in an out room in an extremely exhausted condition ; 1 fonnd a deep wound under his left shoulder blade, this wound was about an inch in : diameter ; I could not feel the bottom of the . wound with ray finger it passed through the thorax in to the-lung, the wound had penetrated through the muscles of the back, through the wallB of tbe chest, and into the substance of the left long ; Sim Poo had been bleeding from the mouth and also from the wound ; the bleed ing at the month indicated that the wound had reached the lung 3 it was not safe to move him tnat day and I did not expect him to live through the night ; the wound was sncli as under ordinary circumstances might be expected to produce death ; the wonnd was such as might be caused by such a wea pon as the pick produced ; on the 19th I abrongbt Sim Poo into the hospital: he waB V in the hospital between two or three months under toy treatment ; he remained in danger of Ins life for about two weeks ; he made a wonderful recovery and I do not think he is in danger now. Mr. Barratt seeing that the prisoner's counsel had had no opportunity of working up the defence, said he wonld not in this address the jury. Mr. dnBonlay on behalf of the prisoner asked the jury to give some consideration to the fact that the punishment of the crime for which the prisoner was charged in the first connt was death, and pointed out that the issue of this important case was left with them, that if they found liim guilty of that first charge the man wonld be banged ; he sSKfid thfiDK to consider tlio n&tion;&liiy; of the man, and the fact that what was considered amongst us as a comparatively slight provo cation, was frequently regarded by these darker races as a deadly provocation. He sub- mitted that Sim Poo's conduct towards Siang was very provoking and irritating. They had a quarrel over a . pick which apparently belonged nominally at least to Siang, but which Sim Poo took for his own use, and later on Sim Poo insulted Siang by ticking over a can of hot water which lie was pre paring to bathe his eye. It was only about five minutes after this that the wound w&b; inflicted by Sang on Sim Poo, and was no - donbt done in the heat of pasBion, and was not a cool, calm, and deliberate act. He, Mr dn Bbdlay, submitted that the prisoner did not intend to murder Sim Poo, lie intended al most to inflict grevious bodily harm. The prosecution, the.: ' jury would notice, laid great stress on the words used by Siaug, "Let me" kill him dead," but three words were: used after the wound was inflicted. The jury would not Jo6e sight of. the nationalities of- the two men, the one was a Malay, the other" Chinaman; and Malays and Chinese did not, OS a rule agree well together. The Malays looked downupon the Chinese and for Sim Poo to ties over a can of water belonging to the Mislay Siang -must have -been pro voting in the ex treme and was no doubt; regarded as a deadly insult. They could not under the circum stances, the learned cousel submitted, find the prisoner guilty on the first charge. That be intended to inflict grievous bodily harm was quite possible, In any case they would he was sure give the prisonerthe benefit of every donbt. - : His Honor then proceeded to sum np which he did briefly, but" with his usual care and thoroughness. . He impressed upon the jury the gravity and importance of the issue now placed in their hands and begged of them to-give the evidence their careful and conscientious consideration. If they could fall in with the view of the learned counsel for the defence he"; felt sure they .would gladly reduce the offence from wounding with intent to till " to " wound ing with intent to do grievous bodily harm," and so save the prisoner's life. But they must not allow themselves to be guided in this matter by sentiment. That Sim Poo was wounded there could be no doubt. They had the doctor's evidence to show that he was very dangerously wounded, and that he made a marvellous - recovery. That the pri soner was the man who committed the assault there was not the slightest question or doubt. The matter which was left for the jury to convince themselves of was the "intent." In determining this they would "be assisted in arriving at a just decision by studying ..the words, of the prisoner, his manner .and; his conduct generally towards tfaeman he as saulted. The weapon with which the wound was inflicted mast also be taken into calcu lation. ThS learned judge then went carefully through : < the . evidence, and after dwelling upon the brutality of the crime committed concluded by saying that it was. ' his duty to tell the jury that the provocation alleged to have been given was , no justifica tion whatever of the crime, nor were they at liberty to take that provocation into consid eration except with a viewtoany recommend ation they may desire to make to the executive with a view to a mitigation of the sentence. Whatever verdict they would arrive at would he was sure be -a conscientious one. The jniy then retired and after a few minutes returned with the following verdict namely that they fonnd the prisoner guilty of wounding with intent to inflct grevions bodily liann. His Honor 'then addressed the following, words to the prisoner through the interpreter: — Siang you have had a narrow escape if the jury had found you gnilty of wounding in tending to kill yon would have been sentenc ed to death. . The juiy bave beenvery good to you by ' saying you did not intend to kill Sing Poo. You have however been a very' bad man in hitting Sing Poo as you did and I must.punish yon severely, yon are sentenc ed to 20 years penal servitude. 