TALES AND SKETCHES. THE FATAL THREE. A NOVEL, BY M. E. BRADDON Author op '"Lady Audley's Secret," "Vixen," "Isiimael," "Like and Unlike," &o;, &c.;, &c.; BOOK THE SECOND-— LACHESIS, OR THE BEGINNING OF DOOM. Chapter I. — A Wife and no Wife. air, Castellani'a existenco was ono of those social problems about which the idlo world loves to speculate. There are a good many people in London to whom tho idea of a fourth dimen sion is not half so interesting as the notion of a man who Iivc3 by his wits, and yot contrives to get himself dressed by a good tailor, nnd to obtain a footing in somo of tho best houses at tho smart end of the town. This problem Cesar Castcllnni bad offered to tho polite world oi London for tho last three seasons. Who is Mr. Castcllnni wa3 a question still asked by a good many peoplo who invited tho gentleman to their houses, aod made much of his talents. Ha had not forced an entrance into society ; nobody had over denounced him as a pushing person. Ho had slid so insidi ously into his placo in Iho social orbit that people had not yet left off wondering how he cauio there, or who had been his sponsors. This kind of speculation always stimulutes tho in vention ot the clover peoplo ; and these affected to know a good deal more about Mr. Castellani than ho kucw about himself. " Ue came with magnificont credentials, and an account was openod for him at Coutts's be fore ho arrived," said Magnus Dudley, the society poet, flinging back his long hair with a lazy movement of the largo lauguid head. " Of course you kuow that ho is a natural sou of Cavour's " "Indeed— no— I never heard that. Ho is no! liko Cuvour." " Of course not, bat he is tho imago of hie niothor— ono of tho handsomest womcu id Jtalr— a duchess, and daughter of a Roman nobleman who could trace his descent in a clear !Ln\, ,tl10 ImPcrittl house, Castellani has tho blood of Germanic in his veins." " lie looks liko it ; but I havo hoard on pretty good authority that ho is tho son of a fteapohtau music muster." "There are people who will tell you his lather whoeled a barrow and aold penuv ices in . Wlntechupel," rotorted Maguus. " People Will 6ay anything." Thus and in much otherwise didsocioty spccu- Jato ; and m tho meautimo Mr. Castollaui'a circle was always wideuing. His book had been just audacious enough nud just clover w!E„ c "Ulku it8 mark- Nepenthe had becnonoof thesuccosses of tho season before jest, and Mr. Castellani was heucoforth to be ?n„"Vs author of Nepenthe. Ho had ik Up0nu many ll'inKa hclow tho stars and somo things beyond them. Ho had writton of had )2» if3 Wlth,"' confidoneo of a man who the »r n . . 0 ,'lad written of women with l„of a do Puris Solomon : and of metonc f PK0U who had ncTor anmfn Wih COl!1J. write a successful hook, to be Z d P'lya.aJ dug divinely, was a person to cultivated in feminino socioty. Very few fflen cared to bo lntmuito with Mr. Custeflani able lie (wol? ence whirl, ) 0n? with a courtly dofer- his sW. w'UOi "10,nl a,ld bo mado them w ® Orioutul despot ever ruled hSfY,rP rly(lthan tV3ar Castellani did in tho t'n»T\a S0 drawiugrooms which give be w rS kT0 rrea of uthor drawing rooms and Earls Court. Ho con- closeotthn Tn fr'U tho dawn <® tho favor of coinw i»'eat i' and ho had raad a it united h! Hivordtilo, aud now, although favor nil- P1rposo 10 ho there, ho mado a urn, Pro'ugod visit I .bnni 1 1 C-r0 "ot for lh0 delight of being hero Tyrol "ho tn. ? m 01 5 loubest "Hoys in tho staved in E . ? T"'iaa' have never season ami 60 s after tho oad of tho the bonds rf Phiiui"8"8 l broak loo, ,rom attbis tln nf 'vr t,niSm Bonerally seizes mo -——-I—. yar' f want to go away, and away, and evor away from my fellow men. I should liko to go and livo in a tomb, like Ouida's Italiau hoorine. My thirst for solitude is almost a disease. lhis from a man who spent the greater part of his cxistouco dawdling in drawing- rooms and boudoirs sounded paradoxical ; but paradoxes are accepted graciously from the man who lias written tho bcok of tho season. Louise Hillorsdon treated Castellani liko a favorite son. At his bidding she brought out the old guitar which had slumbered in its caso for nearly a decade, and sang tho old Spanish songs, and struck the strings with tho old dash ing sweep of the taper hand and graceful curve of tho rounded arm. " When you siug 1 could believe you any ago you liko to call yourself," said Castellani, lolling along the sofa beside the low chair in which she was sitting; "I ccaso even to envy tho men who knew you when you were a girl." " My dour Castellani, I feel old enough to bo your grandmother ; unless you aro really tho person I sometimes take you for " 1 ' Who is that ? " " The Wandering Jew." "No matter what my creed or where I have wandered, since I am so happy as to find a haven here. Granted that I can remember Nero's beautiful Empress, and Faustina, and all that procession of fair women who illumine lire dnrk nges — and Mary of Scotland, and Emma Hamilton, blonde and brunette, pathetic and espieglo, every type aud every variety. It is enough for mo to find perfection here." "If yon only knew how sick I am of that kind of nonsense," said Mrs. Hillersdon, smiling at him half in amusement, half in bitterness, " Oh, I know that you have drunk tha wine of praiso aud worship to satiety. Yet if you and I iiad lived upon tbo samo pleue, I would have taught you that among a hundred adorers one could love you better than all tho rest. But if is too late. Our souls may meet and touch perhaps in a new incarnation." " Do you tulk this kind of nonscnce to Mrs. Greswold— or her niece ? " " No ; with them I am all dnlncss and pro priety. There is nothiug siinpatica in cither of them. Miss Ransome is a frank, good- natured girl — much too frank — with all tho faults of her species. I find the average girl always dctostuble." " Miss Ransome has about £1500 a year. 1 suppose you know that?" " Has sho really ? If ever I marry I liopo to do better than that," auswered C&ar;, with dolighlf ul insolence. "Sho would be a very nice match for a country parson ; that Mr. Rollinson, for instance, who is getting up tho concert." " Then Miss Ransome is not your attraction at Enderby It is Mrs. Greswold who draws yon." " Why shouta a no drawn r' no asked, with his laaguid air. " I go there in sheer idleness. They liko to hoar ma play or sing ; they fool mo aod praise mo ; and it is nice to be fooled by two pretty women," "D-ies Mrs. Greswold toko any port in the fooling ? Sho lookB liko murblo." " There is flame under that inarblo. Mrs. Greswold is romantically in lovo with her hus band ; but that is a complaint which is not incurable." " Ho is not an agrcoablo man," said Louise, remembering iiow long George Greswold and his wife had held themselves aloof from her. " And he does not look liko a happy man," " Ho is not happy." " Yon know something about him — more than wo all know ?" asked Lonise, with keen curiosity. "Not much. I met him at Nico before ho carao into his property. Ho was not a vory fortunate person at that time, and ho doesn't caro to bo reminded of it now." "Was he ont-at-elbows, in debt ?" " Neither. His troubles did not take that form But I am not a gossip. Let tho past bo past, as Goothe says. Wo can't chango it ; aud it is charity to forget it. If wo aro not sure about what wo touch, aud hear, and see — or faucy wo hoar and touch and soc — in tho present, how much less can wo bo sure of any reality of external existence in the past. It is all dono away with— vanished. Iiow can wo know that it over was. A gravo hero aud there is the only witnoss, aud even tho gravo and the name on I ho head stouo may bo only a projection of our own consciousness. Wo are such stuff as dreams are inudo off." "That is a politely circuitous manner of refusing to toll mo anything about Mr. Gres wold — wlion his naino was Ransome. No matter. I shall find other people to tell mo the scandal, I liavo no doubt. Your prevari cation assures mo that there was a scandal. " This was on tho ovo of tho concert at Enderby, at about tho same hour when George Greswol I showed Mildred his first wife's portrait. Castellani and his hostess were ulouo together in tho lady's morning room, whilo Hillersdon and his other guests were in tho billiard room on tho opposito side of a broad corridor. Mrs. Hillorsdon had a way of turning over her visitors to her husband whon they bored her. Gusts of noiso and laughtor came across tho corridor now and again, as they played pool. There wore times when Louiso was too tired of life to endure tlio burden of common- plnco society. Sho liked to droara over a novel. Sho likod to talk with a clover young man liko Cestollum. His Batteries amused her, and brought back u fniut flavor of youth, a dim remembrance of the day when nil men had praised her, whon sho had known herself secoro in tho pre-eminenco of her charms, without a rival. Now other women wore beautiful, and sho was only a tradition. Sho had toiled hard to livo down bor past, to muko tho world forget that sho had ever been Louiso Lorraine ; yet thoro wore moments in which sho folt angry to find that old per sonality of hers so utterly forgotton, when alio was tempted to cry out, " Wlmt rubbish yon talk about your Mrs. Egremont, your Mrs. Linlcy Vurden, your professional beauties, aud lino lady actresses, liavo yon nover hoard of mo — Louisa Lorraine ?" Tho drawingroom at Enderby Manor had boon so transformed under Mr. Castollani's superintendence, ond with tho help of his own doxtorouB hands, that thoro was a unanimous expression of surpriso from tho county fitmi- lioa as thov onterod tho region of subdued light aud soslhotic draperies bctwoon 3 aud half-post 3 on tho afternoon of tho con- cert. Tbo Broadwood grand stood on a platform in front of a largo bay wiudoiv, drapod as no other baud could drape a piano, with dark Oriental cur taint and Algoriun fabrics, striped .."'.."im-il with gold, and against the sweeping folds of richest color rose a gronp of tall goldon lilies out of a great yellow vase, ono of Mioton's chef if teuvrcs. More flowers were massed near the end of tho piano, and a few of tho most artistic chairs. in tho houso wore placed about for the performers. The platform, instead of being as other platforms in a straight lino across one sido of the room, was placed diagon ally, so as to present the more picturesque effect of an angle in the back gronnd, an angle lighted with tall lamps and clusters of wax candles, a stage which looked like a shrine. All tho windows had been darkened save those in tho further drawingroom, which opened into the garden, aud even these were shaded by Spanish hoods, lotting in coolness and tho scent of flowers, but little daylight, Thus the only vivid light was on tho plat form. The auditorium was arranged with a certain artistic carelessness ,- the chairs in curved lines to accommodato the diagonal lino of tho plat form, and this fact, iu conjunction with the 'rettiness of the stage, put everyone in good smpcr before the concert began. Tho concert was as other concerts, clover amateur singing, decent amateur playing, fine voices cultivated to a certain point nnd stop ping just short of perfect training. Cesar Castellani's three little songs — words by Heine— setting by Schubert and Jenson — were tho hit of tho afternoon. There were few eyes that were unclouded by tears, even among those listeners to whom tho words were in an unknown language. The pathos was in the voice of the singer. Tho duet was performed with aplomb, and elicited an encore, on which lfamola and Cas tellani sang the old-fashioned "Flow on, thou shining river." which pleased the elderly people, moving them liko a rcminiscenco of long vanished youth. Pamela's heart bent fnrionsly as she heard tho applause, and sho curtsied herself off the platform in a whirl of delight. Sho felt that it was in her to be a great public singer — a second Patti — if — if she could be taught aud trained by Castellani. Her head was full of vague ideas — a life devoted to music three years' hard stndy in Italy— a ik'but at La Scala — a world-wide renown achieved in a single night. She even wondered how to Ital ianise her name. "Ransomini? No that would hardly do. Parael∋ — Pameletta? What awkward names they were— Christian and surname both." And then, crimsoning nt tho mere thought, she saw herself announced in largo letters Madajie Castellani. How much easier to make a great nnmo in the operatic world with a husbaud to fight one's battles and get the better of managers. " With an income of one's own it ought to bo easy to make one's way," thought Pamela, as sho 6tood behind tho long table in the diningroom, dispensing tea and coffee, with the assistance of maids and footmen. Her head was so full of theso bewildering visions that she was a little loss on the alert than she ought to havo beon for shillings aud half-crowns, in so much that a few oldcrly Indies got their tea and coffee for nothiug, not being asked for payment, nnd preferring to consider the entertainment gratis. Mildred's part of the concert was performed to perfection — not a false note in on accom paniment, or a single fault in the tempo. Lady Millborough, a very difficult nud exacting per- aonage, declared sho had never been so well supported in her checul de btitaillc, tho grand scena in La Garza Cailra. But many among the audience remarked that they had never seen Mrs. Greswold look so ill ; and both Mr. Rollinson and Mr. Castcllaui were seriously concerned about her, "You are as white as marble," said the Italian. " I know you are suffering." " I assure yon it is nothing. I have not been feeling very well latoly, and I had a sleep less night, Thoro is nothing that need give anyono tho slightest concern. Yon may be sure I shall not break dowo, I am very much interested in tho painted window," sho added, with a faint smilo. "It is not for our concert that I fear," said Castellani, in a lower voice. "It is of you— and yonr suffering I am thinking." Goorgo Greswold did not appear at the concert. Ho was engaged olsewherc. "I cannot think how Uuclo Goorgo allowed himself to havo an appointment at Salisbury this afternoon," said Pamela. "I know he doats on innsic." " Perhaps ho doesn't doat upon it qnito so well ns to liko to see his houso turned topsy turvy liko this," said Lady Millborough, who would have seeu every philanthropic scheme in the county collapse for want of funds rather than liavo allowed her own sacred drniviugroom to bo pulled about by amateur scene shifters. Mrs. Hillorsdon and her (tarty occupied a prominent position near the platform ; but that lady was too clover to mnko herself conspicuous. Sho talked to tho pooplo who were disposed to friendliness — their numbers had increased with the advancing years — nnd she placidly ignored thoso who still hold themselves aloof from "that horrid woman." Nor did she in any way appropriate Castellani as her special pro- t him. She took ovorything that happened with tho rcposo which stamps tho cast of Vero da Vero, and which may often bo found among women whum tho Vore de Veres despise. All was over >. tho last of tho carriages had rolled away. Castellani had boon carried off in Mrs. Hillcrsdon's barouche, no ono iuviting him to stay at tho Manor House. Mr. Rollinson lingored to repeat bis effusive thanks for Mrs. Greswold's help. "It has been a glorious success,' ho ex claimed; "glorious. Who would have thought thoro was so much amateur talent available within 30 miles ? And Cnstollani was a grand acquisition. Wo shall clear onr £70 for tho window 1 don't know how I can ever thank you ouongh for giving us tho nso of your lovely rooms, Mrs. Greswold, and for lotting us pull thorn about as niuoh as wo liked. " " That did not mnttcr — much," Mildred said faintly, as sho stood on tho threshold of tho hall door in tho ovoaing light, tho enrato liugering to roitcrato tho assurauco of his gratitude. "Everything can bo arranged again — easily." Sho was thinking, with a dull aching at hor heart, that to her the pulling about and dis arrangement of those familiar rooms hardly mattered at all. They wcro her rooms no longer. Enderby was nover more to bo her home. It had boon her happy homo for 13 gracious years — years clouded with but ono natural sorrow, in the loss oi her belovod father. And now that father's ghost roso up before her, a palo and awful figure, and said, " 'J'he sins of the fathers shall bo visited upon tho children, and because of my sin you must go forth from tho homo you lovo and forsake tho husband of your heart," She gave tbo curato an icy cold hand, and turned iroin him without another word. "Poor soul, she is dead beat," thought Mr. Rollinson, as ho trudged home to bis lodgings over a joiner and builder's shop, airy and com fortable rooms enough, but odorous with tbo scent of sawdust, and noisy with tho noiso of carpenter's work. Ho_ could but think it odd that ho had not beou asked to stay and dine, as ho would have been in the ordinary course of events. He had told tho builder's wifo that he should most likely diuo out, whereupon that friendly soul had auswered, " Why, of course they'll ask you, Air. Rollinson, they're alwavs glad to see you." And now ho had to go home to solitude and a fresh killed chop. It was seven o'clock, and Georgo Greswold had not yet come home from Salisbury. Very few words had passed between him and his wifo sinco sho lell fainting at his feet last night. Ho had summoned her maid, and between them they had brought her back to consciousness and half carried her to her room. She would give no explanation of her faiuting fit when tho rnuid had left the room, uud she was lying on her bed, white aud calm, with hor husband sitting by her side. Sho told him that she was tired, and that a sudden giddiness had come upon her. That was ail he could get from her. "If you will ask mo no questions, and leave mo quite alone, 1 will try to sleep, so .that I may be fit for my work in tho concert to-mor row," she pleaded. "I would not disappoint them for worlds." " I don't think you need bo over anxious about them," said her husband bitterly. " There is more at stake than & painted win dow ; there is your peace and mine. Answer mo only ono question," he said, with intensity of purpose, " bad your fainting fit anything to do with tho portrait of my first wife ?" "I will tell you everything— after tho con cert, to-morrow," she auswered; "for God's sake leave mo to myself till then." " Let it bo as you will," ho answered, rising suddenly, offended by her reticence. He left tho room without another word. She sprang up from her bed directly ho was gone, ran to the door and locked it, and then Hang herself on her knees upon the prie-dieu chair at the foot of a largo carved ivory crucifix whicn huug in a doop recess beside the old fashioned firoplaco. Here she knelt, at intervals, in tears and prayer half through the night. At other times she walked up uud down the room absorbed in thought, by tho dim light of tho night lamp. When the morning light came sho went to a bookcaso in a little closet ol a room opening out of tho spacious old bedroom, a case contain ing only devotional books — aud of these she took out volumo after volume — Taylor's Rule of Conscience, Hooker's Religious Polity, Butler, Paloy — one after another, turning over tho leaves, locking through tho indexes — searching for something which she seemed nn- ablo to find anywhere. " What need have I to see what others havo thought," sho said to herself at last, nftor repeated failure, " he knows the right. I could have no better guide tlmn his opinion, and bo has spoken. What other law do I need. His law is tho law of God." Not once did her eyes close in sleep all through that night, or in the snnny morning hours before breakfast. She made an excuse for breakfasting in her dressieg room, a largo, uiry apartment, half boudoir. Sho was told that Mr. Greswold had gono out early to see some horses at. Salisbury, aud would not be back till dinner time. He was to be met at tho station at half-past seven. Sbo Lad her morning to herself to do what sho liked with it. Pamela was rehearsing her part iu tho duct, and in "Flow on thou shin ing river," which was to be snog should there be an encore. That occupation, aud the arrangement of her toilette, occupied tho young ludy till luncheon — allowing for half hourly rushes about tho lawn aud shrubberies with Box, whoso health required activity, and whose social disposition insisted upon companion ship. "He enn't get on with only Eossnndra. She hasn't intellect enough for him," said Pamela. It was only ten minutes lioforc tho arrival of tbo performers that Airs. Greswold wont down stairs, palo as ashes, but ready for the ordeal, Sho had put on a white gown with a little scarlet ribbon about it, lest black should make her pallor too conspicuous. And new it was nearly soven o ciock, and she was alone. Tho curato had been right in pronouncing her dead beat, but sho had some work before hor yot. Sho had been writing letters iu tho morning. Two of these sho now placed on iho mantclpieco in her bedroom : one ad. dressed to her husband, tho other to Pamela. She bat a bug packad — not ono of thoso for- midublo drossiug bags which weigh 15 to 20 pounds — but a light Russia leather bag, just largo enough to contain tho essentials ot tho toilet. Sho put on a neat little black bou nd aud a travelling cloak, and took her bag aud umbrella and went down to the hall. She had given orders that tho carriugo should call for her before going to the station, and she was ut tho door ready to step into it when it came round. " Put mo down at Ivy Cottage, Brown," sho said to tho coachman, aud was driven off, unseen by tho household, who were all iudulging in a prolonged talk and tea drinking after tho ox- citouient of tho concert. Ivy Uottago was within 5 minutes' walk of Rotnsoy Station, a little rod cottage, nowly built, with three or four ivy plants languishing upon a slack-baked brick wall, and just enough garden for the proverbial cat to disport himsolf iu at his ease — the swiugiug of cats being no longer an Euglish sport. There was nothing straugo in Airs. Greswold alighting at Ivy Cottage— uuloss it were tho hour ot lier visit — for tho small brick box wa3 occupied by two maiden ladies of small means, ono a confirmed invalid, tbo other her constant aud pationt nurso, whom the lady of Enderby Manor often visited, aud iu whom sho was known to bo warmly interested. Brown, the coachman, concluded that his mistress was going to spend a quarter of an hour with tho two old ladios whilo ho wont on I and waited for his master at the station, and that ho was to call for her on his return. He did not even ask for her orders upon this point, taking the thing for granted. He was 10 minutes too soon at the station, as every well conducted coachman ought to be, lest by leaving no margin for accidents ho should bo too late. "I'm to call for my mistress, sir," he said, as Sir. Greswold stepped into tho brougham. " Where?" "At Ivy Cottage, sir ; Aliss Fishers'. " " Very good." Tho brougham pulled up at Ivy Cottage; and tho groom got down and knocked a resounding peal upon tho Queen Anno knocker. Hardly possible now-a-days to find a knocker that is not after tho style ot Queen Anne, or a newly-built £25 pound a year cottage in any part of England that does not offer a faint reminiscence of Bedford Park. The groom mado his inquiry of tho startled little maid-of-all-work, 14 years old last birth day, and already aspiring to better herself as a vegetable maid in a nobleman's family. Airs. Greswold hnd not been at Ivy Cottage that evening, George Greswold was out of tho brougham by this time, hearing the girl's answer. " Stop where you aro," he said to tbo coach man, and ron bnck to tho station, an evil nugury in his mind. Ho went to tho up-platform, tho plat form at which ho had alightod ton minutes bofore. "Did you seo Airs. Greswold here just now ?" bo asked the station-master, with as natural an air as ho could command. " Yes, sir. She got into the up-train, sir ; tbo train by which you came, Sho came out of the waiting-room, sir, the minute after yon left tho platform. You must just have missed her. " " Yes, I havo just missed her." He walked up aud down tho length of tho platform two or three times in the thickening dusk. Yes, ho had missed her. She had left him. Such a departure could mean only sever ance — some deep wound — which it might tako long to heal. It would all come right by-and- by. There could bo no such thing as parting between man and wife who loved each other as they loved — who were incapable of falsehood or wrong. What was this jcalons fancy that had taken possession of her, this unappeasable jealousy of the dead past— a passion so strong that it had prompted her to rush away from him in this clandcstino fashion, to torture him by all the evidences of an inconsolable grief. His heart was heavy as despair itself as ho went back to the carriage, helpless to do anything except go to his deserted homo, and see if any explanation awaited him there. It was half-past 8 when the carriage drovo up to the Mauor House. Pamela ran oat into the ball to receive him. "How late yon are, uncle," sho cried, '."and I can't find aunt. Everything is at sixes aud sevens. The concert was a prodigious success — and — only think — I was encored." " Indeed, dear ?" " Yes, my duet with him ; and Hen wo sang the other. They wonld have liked a third, only we pretended not to nnderstand. It wonld have mado all tho others so fc&rlully; savage if we had taken it." This speech was not particularly lucid, but it might have been clearer and yet unintelligible to Goorgo Greswold. " Do you mind eating your dinner alono to night, my dear Pamela ?" ho said, trying to speak cheerily. " Your aunt is out — and I — I bare somo letters to write, and I lunched heavily at Salisbury." His heavy luncheon had consisted of a biscnit and a glass of bitter ale at the station. His important business had been a long ramble on Salisbury Plain, alono with his own troubled thoughts. The horses were purely imaginary. ' ' Did yonr mistress leave any message for me ?" ho asked the butler. " No, sir. Nobody saw my mistress go out. Whon Louisa went np to dross her for dinner she was gone, sir — bat Louisa said there was a letter for you on tho mantelpiece. Shall I send for it, sir'/" " No, no — I will go myself.- Serve dinner al once. Miss Iiansomo will dine alone." George Greswold went to tho bedroom — that fine old room, the real Queen Anno room, with thick walls and deep set windows, and old window scats, and capacious recesses on each side of the high oak chimney piece, and richly moulded wainscote, and massive panelled doors amidst which it is a privilege to exist — a spacious, sober, old room, with old Dutch furniture, of tho pre-Chippcndalo era, and early English china, Worcester simulating oriental, Chelsea striving after Dresden ; a glorious old room, solemn nud mysterious us n church iu tho dim light of two wax candles which Louisa tho maid had lighted on the mantelpiece. There, between the candles, appeared tho two letters. " George Greswold, Esq." " Mire Rausomo." Tho husband's letter was a thick ono, and tho stylo of iho peninauship showed how the pen had hurried along, driven by tbo electric forces of excitement and despair. "My beloved, "You asked mo lost night if tho photograph which you showed mo bad anything to do with my faiuting fit. It had everything to do with it. That photograph is a portrait of my un happy sister, ray cruelly -used, unacknowledged sister ; and I, who havo been yonr wifo 14 years, know that our marringo was against tho law of God and man — that I have never boon legally your wifo — that our union from tbo first has been an unholy union, nnd for that unlaw ful marriage tho hand of God has been laid upon us — heavily — heavily — in chnstiscmont, and tho darling of our hearts has been taken from ns. "'Whom Ho loveth Ho chastcncth.' Ho has chastened us, George — perhaps to draw us nearer to Him. Wo wcro too happy, it may be, in this temporal life — too much absorbed by our own linppiuess, living in a charmed circle of lovo and gladness, till that awful chastise ment carao. "There is bnt ono course possiblo to rao, my dear and honored husband, and that courso lies in long life separation. I am running away from my dear homo liko a criminal, bocauso I am not strong enough to stand face to face with you aud toll you what must be. Wo must do onr best to livo out our lives asunder, Georgo wo most nover meet again bb wedded lovers such as wo havo been for 14 years. God knows my affection for you has grown and strengthened with ovory yoar of union ; and yet it sooins to mo on looking back that my heart wont ont to yon in all the fulness of au infinito' lovo when first we stood, hand ilaspcd in band, bosido the rivor. If you are ingry with mo, Goorgo— if you iiardeu your ' heart against me because Ido that which I kuow , lo bo my duty, at least belicvo that I never loved yon better than in- this bitter hour of acting. I spent last night in prayer and . hought. If there were any way of escape- any possibility of living my own old bappy life with a clear conscience, I think God would havo shown it to me in answer to my prayers ; but .there was no ray of ligbt.no gleam of hopf- Conscience answers sternly nnd plainly. Oj the law of God I have never been your wife, and His law commands rao to break an un hallowed tie, although my heart may break with " Do yon remember your argument with Mr. Cancellor? I never saw you so vehoraont in flay such dispute, and you took tho side whicn I can but think the sido of tho Evil One. That conversation now seems to mo like a strange foreshadowing of sorrow— a lesson meant for my guidance. Little did I then think that this question could ever have any bearing on my own life ; but I recall every word uow, and I remember how earnestly my old master spoke- how fearlessly he held to the right. Can I . doubt his wisdom, from whoso lips I first loarnt tho Christian law, and in whom I first saw the Christian liie. ... . " I have written to Pamela bogging her to stay with you, to take my placo in the houso- \- hold, and to bo to you as an adopted daughter. May God be merciful to us both in this heavy trial, Georgo. Bo sure Ho will deal with us mercifully if wo do our duty according to the light that is given to us. " I shall 6tay to-night in Qneen Anno a gato with Mrs. Tomkison. Please send Louise to me to-morrow with luggage for a long absence : - from home. She will know what to bring. Yon can tell her that I am going abroad for my health. My intention is to go to some small watering place in France or Germany, where I ean vegotate, away from all beaten tracks, and from the pcoplo who know us. Yon may rely npon ino to bear my own burden, and to seek sympathy and consolation from no earthly com- forter. " Do not follow me, George —should yonr boart urge you to do so. Respect my solemn resolution, tho result of many prayers. — Your gver ldving Mildred. " 