ftHOST-'i OS TUB OP KAN. I In Iho twenty years of my seafaring lifo I lind two Mipeririii'i'H with Imutitorl ships. Tho term may provoke 11 smile, but. if tlicro are hauntrd houses why shouldn't there bo haunted ships ? Ah to tho question of tho supernatural, I may or may not benholieior. I will givo yon tho incidents just us they ooflurrcil, and if von aim explain everything satisfactorily to yourself I shall l>o irrntifiod. An ISnglish brig called tho Charles, in milking her lir.sl; Yuyngo from .Liverpool to Boston, luitl t-O'ttti trouble with hor crmv, mid in putting it down tho Captain shot n Hiiilor nameil <Tnuk Wallace. Jiiok 1 ivo.i about. an liour after being hit, iind ho cursed tho Oaptnin high and low. anil ho vowed liy nil tluit was good thill, ho would haunt, the brig no long rri sho floated. I'm blessed if ho didn't begin 1 ho haunting burmics tlint very night, emu ing un nliirin which mtido , oven tho first male shako in bin hootH. On getting into Boston overy mnn but tho second mate dosci'ted her. Sho loaded lior cargo, whipped another crew, and on tho way to England .Tack's ghost kicked up such n row that tho mou we.ro for taking to tho boats in mid-oeean and doserting tho brig. Kvery mnn of thorn, mato and nil, loft hor at Liverpool, and it wan two weeks after she wns ready to pail again, (his timo for Now OrlonuH, boforo sho oonkl got a orow. Now* of an iilfnir of this sort spreads about sooner or later, and further thin von would iiinigino, ovon without tho hoi]) of tho newspapers, and .Taolc Tar will not nail iu a haunted ship for any man's monoy. Tho brig reached New Orleans after a long paisago, and had scarcely been tied to the wharf when overy body deserted her, tho Captain going with tho rest. Tlicro wim a regular stampede, and tho vessel was left in tho lmnds of tho consignees at. the drop of tho bat. I found hor two weeks after thin with licr load of cotton all nbourd mid her .sails bont for sailing. Her old crow had talked more or less, and doublo wages were being offered for a crew. First mate's plaoo was ollered me, wliilo an Knglish sea captain had como down from New York. We regarded tlio ghost business as all nonsense, ami wero prepared to grnpplo with any spirit or investigate any mystery. .By our own personal oil'orts wo finally picked up a orow, getting bold of men hero and thevo, who lmd just; oomo into port from long voyiiges and hud heard nothing to t.lio brig's prejudice. Wo dropped down the rival- and Rot to sea without a singlo sailor having heard anything, and none of them was looking for tho mysterious. Wo wore well out to sen before night; of tlio first: day, and when I oamo on deck at, midnight to stand my watch thoro wns a steady breeze and a inoderato son, and tlio captain's watch had hud an easy time of it. Tlio men of my watch took a pull at n brneo hero and there, and inside of a quarter of an hour all except the lookout wero stowod away horo and thoro to catch cat naps. I was pacing the dock with everything very quiet below and aloft, when my attention was attainted to tho sight of a sailor coming aft. I wns on the starboard quiirtor, and ho camo along down closo to tho port rail, and made as if to go to tho wheel. His footsteps gavo out 110 sound, and ho oamo along with a sort of a glide I never could describe. It was a breauh of discipline for n foremast hand to appear on tho qunrtor- deek without a special errand or without saluting, and when I saw this man making his way along tho quarter toward tho man at tho wheel it struck mo that ho was walking in his sleop. I picked up a ropoV end and Btarted for him, but ho glided ahead like a shadow, passed within two feet of tho man at tho wlieol, and wont out of sight lileo a flash. Next instant tho sailor let go of tlio spokes of tho wheel and staggered about, and tho brig would liavo como up into tho witid had I not jumped for tho wheel. I yelled out and raised an alarm, and tho men throw a buoy over, and wo presoutly stopped our way and mado ready to lower a boar. It was then diswored that no ono wuh missing, livery man aboard of that craft was there to answor to his name. Tho Captain set out to givo mo a keelhauling for creating suoli an alarm, but I took him aside, called to tho sailor who had seen all, and wo told our story in a way which put tho old man into a picklo. While ho hud to beliovo us, ho wouldn't believe in tlio supernatural, and no man could have been moro uneasy. ' Hero is what I saw, sir,' replied tho foromnst hand when asked for his version of tho matter. ' I think I saw tho spook bei'oro Mr. Temple did. I thought it. was ono of the inen coming bnek tomnkearoport to him, but ■wlion I saw him bear oil' to port, and saw Mr. Templo start for him, I bt lioved it wuh a caso of sleep-walking. Tlio t.liing camo so close that I oould havo touched it, and thoro was a smell of dead folks about it. There was a sailor look to tho face—it; being a youngish ohap—and his two hands were clasped on his sido.liko this. Ho fetched a sort; of groan as ho passed mo, and ho wont over tho stern as softly as a leaf falls to tho ground, and without a splash. This is a haunted craft, sir, and I give ' ' Shut up!' hissed tho captain. ' Tell tno that again and I'll clap you in irons.' * But who wns it, sir ?' ' Both of you woco dreaming, and if I hoar any moro of it somobody will hear from mo.' IIo further requested thai, nothing bo said to tho men, and, although ho tried to make light of tho matter, I knew that ho wiib deeply puzzled. Tho sailor was as good lis his promise, and said nothing, and nothing further happened until tho third night. Tho second mate, as you may know, iu renliy in charge of tho Captain's watch, and this oflioer, Mr. Graves, was on duty, ana the time wns 11 o'clock, with my watch all bolow when something happened. His watch bad just beon trimming tlio yards, and could not therefore, bo charged with dreaming. All of a sudden a figuro appeared among them. II; was first seen at tho Seattle butt, and ono of tho men, who was after a drink of water, spoko to it under tho impression that it was ono of his shipmates. It glided away, and at tho same moment his nostrils wero greeted with such an odor that ho cried out in disgust. Tho strango iiguvo was seen by four men of tlio watch as it glided to a. point, a fow foot abuft tho foremast, and thero stood for two or threo lniuutoswith hands pressod upon its sido, and its body waving to and fro. A man of tho namo of Will Ketch—a clinp who had never feared man or devil— called out to tho mysterious personago ; ' If you are playing a trick on us look out for yourself.' With that ho picked up a bucket, or belaying pin, or weapon of somo sort which was handy by, and ;;.ivo it a fling at tho figuro. and tlio mysterious personage vanished at. tho snap of your finger. Thoro was a row which brought us all on deck, and now tho fact that thoro was a myslorious something aboard tho brig could bo no longer compiled. Tho G'aptuin raved and blustered, but tho men had seen what tlioy had seen, and it was no uso to brow-beat thom. The wiitoli below refused to turn in again. The Captain under-,* took to drive them at the muzzle of his rovolver, and they tbroatenod to jump overboard. Thoro may be a haunted houso in a neighborhood, but no ono fears it unless ho passes it. Hero was a ship belioved to bo haunted, and yot no one could get away from it. I confess that things did look at least' quoer ' tome, and while tho Captain pooh-poohed and talked in a loud voico, I realised that ho was a bit shaky. Mr. Graves also blnstored about, swearing at tho men and advising a doso of belaying pin to euro tlioir nonsenso, and wlieu tho Captain told him to turn in ho wont down to his berth with a laugh and a swagger. Threo ininutes later ho returned to us with a face as white as chalk, and it was a full mitiulo boforo ho could uso his toiiguo to Btammer out: 'Tho—tho thing ia in tlio cabin !' Without a word in reply we descondod tho coinp'anioDj -with him—the Captain going [ first, I next', and Mr. Graves bringing up tho rnnr. Af< wo passed along tlio hall and pushed open tho cabin door, tho figure of u mini could bo nmdc nut on thn fur sido of tho oabin, where tho shadows wero darkest. It was nh plum iih any human figure could be, though wiw.onld not multo out t)>o faco nnd other details. Wo stared at it for half a minute, ami ihen thu Captain pulled his revolver and bunged away. Thero was n curt; of groan following his shot, nnd when tho smoku clouted away wo took a light and searched in vain for truces of our mysterious visitor. ]lo hud departed. It whs confessed to tho owners, ulid to tho press, ihitt, tlio otliucis and crow of that brig slept oil dock every night after that, until tho end of tho voynjro. linked, thorn woro only two sailors among tho crow who would venture into tlio forri'iixtlo in tho daytime, and tho .steward oould riotbavo been kept in his plneo exeunt by threats. Wo were ridioided and laughod at as it crciv, but it is a matter of history that tho Chorion never mndo another voyngo. Shu could not Rot. iv Charter, nor could sho h.'ivo got a. (.tow if she had, and after rotting in ordinary for a. cuuplo of yours h1)o wan knocked to piocos. My Hcoond oxporioneo was on tho whip Homeward. I shipped on her at Liverpool for a voyage to tho Capo ol Good TIopo and return. I had not net eyes 011 bur, and know her only by tho iiamo when I wont aboard with my traps. I had it first mute's berth, and undor.stooil that tho officer filling thai phioo had been taken suddenly ill, two days boforo tlio ship was roady to sail, and I had to bustle away without making inquiries. Ah I approached her I encountered a man skullriug invay, and believing liim to bo a deserter, I reached out for him. I got bin collar, but; lio broke my hold, and as lio ran away I heard him cay : 'Ayo, but I'd sooner mil tho sen 111 a coffin.' I gavo this remark littlo attention, oven when I found out, aboard that ho was a. dosertcr. Ho was 0110 of tlio six men who had como olT to tho ship in tho morning, and nobody could tell why bo had cut sticks. Wo hud a pretty good idea three or four days later. Thcro woro only flvo men aboard when I climbed over tho rail—only flvo sailors. Tho cook and steward woro thoro, as also a cabin boy, but tho Captain was ashore, and no one could tell mo whether a second mate had been shipped or not. About,midnight theshipping agents sent mo eleven or twelve men, ovory 0110 of them helplessly drunk, and 11 little Inter on onmo thu Captain. Ho hiul been drinking heavily, and uftor trying to toll 1110 his namo and failing to understand mino, he wont to his cabin with tho order that I should call him at six o'clock. Wo woro nll'rauly to warp ou<-, tho work of only half an hour from our berth, and tho tido would not servo until midforcnoon. I appointed a sliipkeopor and turned in myself, but tlio drunken fellows woro bound to liavo their farewell carouse, nnd I got no sleep through tho night. Less than half of them woro of any uso next morning in warping the ship out. Tho Captain 0111110 on deck perfeotly Bobor, and when I said somothing about thu condition of the crow he replied: ' Yos, it's beastly, Mr. Templo, but wo couldn't have got, 'em aboard sober, you know. Lot a whisper got out about a craft and sailors not liko fools.' I had my mouth open to ask what stories woro in circulation regarding tho Homoward, when the Captain, whoso iiamo was Robinson, gavo 1110 an order and walked away. Tho second mato, who seemed to have been on a spreo with tho men, came up and introduced himself. His namo was Anderson, and ho apologised for his prcsonco by saying: ' I hung out to tlio very last, hoping to get auothor ship, but I hud to take tho berth. D? rou think thoy aro very bad ?' 'What?' ' Tho ghosts.' ' Is this a, haunted ship.* '.Didn't you know it wasp Thoy say slio hns been dcscrterl in ovory port and that slio changes Captains overy trip, but perhaps it is only sailor talk. I hopo we shall liavo no troublo, sir.' Ho sidled away in a, half-ashamed manner, nnd all hands, or all who wero of uny use, at once began warping tho ship out, nnd beforo noon wo wero on our way out. After wo woro fairly ofT, tho men begau to knock themselves together, tho Captain and second mato acted liko different men, nnd when tho watches woro sot, I had forgotten tho words dropped by Mr. Anderson. Ilo was a thorough Bailor ana full of disciplino, and 0110 would liavo judged by his fueo that he had great forco of character. Nothing occurred to creato an alarm for three days. Then, 0110 night, during my wntch, it mini in the Captain's watch, who was below, caino on deck and said to mo: 'Mi-. Templo, it must bo that wo have a sty waway aboard. Wo have heard gronns and sighs mid sobs for tho last two nights, and sumo of tho men d eel aro tlio ship is haunted. Thoro comcs tho watch, sir, driven out by tho noises. Won't you pleuso mako a search ?' It was true that overy man in tho Captain's watch had tumbled up, nnd I know that thoy mutt bo badly frightened to thus exhibit themselves. I took a long look at tho weather, .saw that everything was fair and then descendeded to tho forecastle alone. Not n man dared to follow mo downthero. .1 •wasn't even nervous. If thero wero groans. raid cries, they must como from somo poor dovil who had secreted himself in tho hold, and who was now ill and starving. I had only reached tho foot of the ladder whon I felt tho touoh of un icy hand on my faco, and next instant my hair was on end. , Somo ono was sighing, groaning, and weeping. Tho sounds did not como from any ono direction. At one momotii thoy seomod to como from tho very oyes of tho ship, nnd tho next thoy woro heard at tho bulkhead which divided tho placo from tho hold. I folt too, all tho time as if somebody w as moving about 111c, and I put up my hand to prevent my throat hoing eliitolied. I frankly admit to you that I was scared, but I was determined not to show my feelings to tho men, and ns I wont on deck again I carelessly said to them: ' Tho noises como from tho hold. Some ono lias stowed himself away, and wo'll havo him out to-morrow.' I left it with them to go back or remain on deck, and not ono of thorn, nor yet a man in my own watch, would go below until daylight eumo, whon, strange to stay, tho noises died away. Tho Captain and Mr. Anderson both sa<v that something was -wrong as soon as thoy camo on deck. Tho Captain received tho news very quiotly, asking a question now and then, and when I had finished I10 replied: ' Vory well, sir. After tho men havo hud their breakfast we will search tho hold. Wo had one, but it was fruitless of result. It was thorough enough to convince us that 110 person was hidden away. Tho Captain ..had very littlo to pay, seeming, as I thought greatly" distressed in mind, but I finally brought Mr. Anderson over to agreo with me that tho noises wero produced by tho rubbing of the cargo, though why wo should not hear them in tho daytime as well I could not explain. Tho noises began about II o'clock the next night. Both Mr. Anderson and myself went down nnd listened to thein, but wo could not prevail upon tho Captain to acoompuny us. Jjeforo It) o'clock tho men wore in suoh a state of trepidation that it was impossible to separate them to do duty, and an hour later, when I wont into tho cabin to consult with tho Captain, ho looked at me in tho queerest manner and said: ' Mr. Templo, wo must go back to Liverpool. This ship is haunted, and if wo pursue thovoyagowo aro lost.' With that ho burst into tears and went oil' ' to his stateroom and locked himself in. It was a hard position to find myself in, for I now ' lioliovod Hint tlio Cnptnin lind gono dnft, mid tho second malo was so rnt.tlcd that, bis rnlvico wu'i 110 good. I d^tormhicd to hold tlio ship on lior nourpc, however, und «lio was pursuing ft whan, nt. 2 o'clock in tho morning, tlio Giiptjiin suddenly rushed on dock and sprung overboard wil.li n yell, nnd though wo laid thoehip to mid lowered a bont, we found no triico of him. I thou put Iho whip about m:d nnrrind lior into TjivrrnonL nnd it was tlio lnafc voyiige hIio over inndo. —jYeta Yoak ft ft It, 