CiriiTEn IX.—I Loss anr Boajl I lingered, X daresay, iibore twenty Bjinutes contemplating tliis singular crystal \- fossil of a ship, and considering -whether I .. Aonld go down to her and ransack her for whatever might answer my turn: But she looked bo darkly eocret under her white garb, | *«nd there was something bo terrible in the j Xt of the motionless snow-clad sentinel' loaned upon the rail, that my heart -afflod me, and 1 very easily penmadod myself _• to.believe tliat, first, it would take me longer ~ tp ‘penetrate and ecarch her than it was proper I should bo away from the boat; that, yiseoond/it was bcotoc to bo supposed her crew ’ *had left any provisions in her, or that, if stores thero wore, they would be fit to oat; , ^nd that,. finally, my boat was so small it \- would bo rash to put into .her the most trifling matter that was not essential to the • jpresorvationof njy life. ; ; So, concluding to .havo nothing to do with the ghostly sparkling fabric, I started far tlie . tfiody nnder the rock, and,-with some pain • oind staggering, the ioe being , Terr jaggod, Imnpish, and deoeitful to the tread, arrived fUhibtisfeed by special •.riaa^eiwiat with the autW. Nothing hut the desire to possess the flue worm cloak oould have tempted me to handle or even to cant my eye upon the. dead man again. I found myself more Beared hy him now than at first. His attitude wu« bo life like that, though I know him to be a corpse, had lie risen on a sudden tho surprise of it could hardly have shocked mo more (Julu the astonishment his posturo raised. As a akeloton he could not have ho chillod and awed mo; but so well preserved was his flesh by tho cold, that it was hard to persuade myself he* was not breathing, and tliat, though ho feigned to he gazing downwards, he was not secretly observing me. His heard was frozen as luird ns a hush, and it crackled unpleasantly to tho inovemout of my hands, wliich I was obliged to force I under it to unhook the silver chain that 0011 fined the cloak about liis neck. X felt like a thief, and stole a ghuiuo over cither shoulder, as though, forsooth, somo straugely-elad oompauiou of his should ho eroeping upon me imawares. Then, thought I, since X have t?io cloak I may its well hike the watch, flask, and tobneoo-box, as I had before resolved; uud so I dipped my hand -into Ins pockets, and without another glauoo at his fierce, still face made for the boat. X now noticed for tho first time, bo. over whelmingly had my discoveries occupied my attention, tliat tho wind hod. freshened and w.lh blowing briskly and piercingly. "When I had first started npou tlio ascent of the slope, the wind had merely wrinkled the swell as the large bodies ran; hut those wrinkles had become little seas, which flashed into foam after a short race, and. the whole surface of tho ocean was a . brilliant blue tremble. I came to a halt to view the north-, east sky before tlio brow of tho rocks hid it, and saw that clouds were congregating tlioro, and some of them blowing up to -where tho sun hung, these resembling in shape and i colour tho compact puff of tho first discharge of a cannon before the smoko spreads on tho air. What should I do'/ I sank into a miserable perplodty. If it was going to blow what good could attend my departure from, tills island ? It was an adverso wind, and when it freshened I could not choose but run before it, and that would tlrivo me (dean away from the: direction I required to steer in. Yet if I was to wait upon the weather, for how long should I ho kept a prisoner in this horrid place? True, a southurl^ wind might spring up to-morrow, hut it might be otherwise, or coine'in a hard gale; and if I faltered now I might go on hesitating, and then my provisions would give out, and God alone knows liow it would end with me. lies ides, the presenco' of the two bodies made the island fearful to my imagination, and nature clamoured in me to be gone, a sum mons my. judgment could not resist, for reason often misleads, 'butunslinctri never. I fell again to my downward march and .looked towards in}’’ boat—that-is to Hay,'X looked towards tlie part of tlie.ico where the little haven in which she lay had! been, and I found both boat and haven goub 1 I mbltcd my eyes and stared again. Tush, thought X, 1 am deceived hy the ice. I glanced at the slope behind to keep me to my bearings, liiid once more sought tlio haven; but tlie rock that had formed it was gone, the blue swell rolled brimming past the line of shore there, and my eye, following the swing of a fold, I saw the boat about tJrrco cables length distant out upon tho water, swinging steadily away into the south, and showing and disappearing with the heave. The dead man’s cloak fell from my arm; I uttered a cry of anguish ; I clasped my hands and lifted them to God, and looked up to Him. I was for kicking’oft1 my boots and plunging into the water, but, mad as I was, X was not so mnd as that; and mud I should have been fd attempt it, for I could not swim twenty strokes, and had I been the stoutest swimmer that ever breasted tho salt spray, tlie cold must speedily put an end to my What was to ho done? Nothing ! I could only look idly at.the receding lioafc with reeling brain. Tho full blunt of the wind was upon her, and helping tho driving action of the billows. I perceived that she was irrecoverable, and j'et I stood watching, watching, watching l my head burning with tlie singings of twenty impracticable schemes. I cast myself down and wept, stood up afresh and looked at tho boat, then cried to Clod £or help tvuil mercy, bringing my hands to my throbbing temples, and in tliat posture straining my oyes at tho fast vanishing structure. Sho was the only hope I had-—my sole chance. Hy little stock of provisions was in her—oh, what was I to do f • Though I was at some distanoo from tho place where what I have called my haven had boon, there was no need for me .to approach it to understand liow my inis fortimo had oomo about. It wius likely enough that the very croviee in which I had jammed the must to 800111*0 tho l>oat by was a decq) crack that the increased swell hiul wholly split, so that the most had tumbled when tlie rock flouted away and liberated tlie The honor that this white and frightful scene of dasolatiou hnd at tho beginning flllod mo with was renewed with such violence when I saw that my boat was lost, and I was to be n prisoner on tho death-lmimtod waste, that I fell down in a sort of swoon, lilrc one partly stunned, and laid any person come along and seen mo, he would have, thought nie ns dead as tlie body on the hill or tlio corpse tliat kept its dismal look-out from the dock of the schooucr. My senses presently returning, I got up, anrl, tlie rock upon which'I stood being level, I fell to pacing it with my hands locked be luud me, my head sunk, lost in thought. The •wind was steadily freshening ; it split with n howling noise upon tho ioo-crags uud un equal surfaces, and spun with u hollow note past my ear ; and tho thunder of tho breakers on the oilier side of tho island was docpeiiing its tone. The sea was lifting and whitening ; something of mistiness had grown up oyer tlie horttou, that made 11 blue dnhicss of the junction of tlie elements there ; but though a few clouds out of tlio collection of vapour in the nortb-caflt had floated to tlio zenith and were sidling down to tlie south-west heaven, tho azure rowuinod pure and tho sun very frostily white and sparkling. I am writing a strange story with tlie utmost candour, mid trust that tho reader will not judge me severely for my confession of weakness, or consider mo ns wanting in tlio stuff out of which the hardy seaman is made, for owning to having shed tears and been stunned hy the loss of my little lout and slender stock of food. You null euy, 4 It is not in'the power of the dead to lmrt a man; wlmt more jiitiful and harmless than' a poor unburied corpse f’ X answer, * True/ and declare tliat of the two bodice, as doad men, I was not afraid; * hut this mass of frozen solitude was about them, and they took ! a frightful character from it; theyoorammii- ] ented on element of death to the desola- : tion of the snow-clad island ; their presence made ft principality of. it for the souls of dead sailors, and into their lifeliko stillneos it put its own supernatural spirit of loneliness ; so that to ’my imagination, disordered by suffering and exposure, this melancholy region appeared a sccno without parallel on the face of tlio globe, a place of doom and madness, as dreadful and wild as the highest mood of the poet oould roach up to. By this time tlio boat was out of eight. I lookod and looked, hut she was gone. Then oamo my good nagcl to my help and put some oounLge into me. * After all/ thought I, * what do I drondf Doatlif It can but oomo to that. It is not long ago that Captain Itosy cried to mo, ** A inan can die but once. Uc'U net perish the quit:Jeer for eon templating his end totih a stout heart.'1 He that so spoko is doad. Tlio worst is over for him. Were he a babe resting upon hia mother’s lironst he oould not sleep more soundly, bo more tenderly lullod, nor bo freer from such anguish ns now afflicts me who cling to life, us if this—this/ I criod, looking around me, * were a paradise of ■warmth and beauty. I must be a man, ask God for oourage to meet whatever may betide, and stoutly endure what cannot bo evaded.1 Do not smile at tlie simplo thoughts of u poor castaway sailor. I hold them still to l>c good reasoning, and hod my flesh boeu as strong ns my spirit they had availed, I don’t doubt. But I was chillod to tho marrow ; tho mere knowing that there was nothing to eat Hharpcnod my appetite, and I felt os if X had not tasted food for a woek; * and hero then wore pliysicial conditions which broke miu.iu.sly into philosophy uni fckiggcrcd fceligious trust. , _ . M3' miiul went to the schooner, yet I felt uu extraordinary roooil within me when? X thought of Heeking an asylum in her. I had tlio figure of her before my funcy, viewed the form of the man on licr dock, and the idcuL of penetrating her dark interior and seeking Hhcltcr in a iubriu that tiino and frost and douth had -wrought into a black mystery -wiih dreadful to me. Nor was this all. It Boomed like the very last expression of despair to board that stirlosa f nnno; to make ^ a dwcl liug- plftoe, without prospect of ddivcnmoc, in that hollow of ioo; to become in one House as dead hh her lonely mariner, yet proservo all the sensibility of the living to a condition ho was (us unoo use ions of as tho lee tliat enclosed him. It must be done nevertheless, thought X; I hIulII certainly perish from exposure if I linger here; borides, how do I know hut that I may discover in that ship some moans of escaping from tho island? Assuredly .there was plenty of material in her for tho building of a bout, if I could meet with tools. Or possibly I might find a boat undor hatches, for it was common for vessels of her class and in her time to stow their pinnaces in the hold, and, when the necessity for using them arose, to hoist them out and tow them astern. These relloctions somewhat heartened me, and also let mo add that the steady mounting of the wind into a small gale served to reconcile me, not indeed to tho loss of my boat, but to my detentiou ; for though thero might bo a miserable laugiusliitig end for mo here,_ I could not but believe that thero was certain (loath, too, out thero in that high swell and in those sharpening peaks of water off whoso foaming bends the wind was blowing the spray. B3’ which I mean the bout could not have played in euuh a wind ; sho must have run, and by running have carried mo into the stormier regions of tho south, where, even if she had lived, I must speedily have starved for victuals and perished of cold. Hope lives like a spark amid tho very blackest embers of despoudone}*. Twent}* minutes beforo I had awakened from a sort of swoon and was overwhelmed with misery; and now here was I taking a colleoted- view of my situation, even to tiio extent of being willing to believe tlmt on tho wholo it was perhaps as well that I should have been hindered from putting to sea in my little egg shell. So at every stop we rebel at tho shadowy conducting of the hand of God ; yet from eveiy stage we arrive at wc look back and know tho road wo have travelled to bo the right one, though wo start afresh mutinously. tord, what patienco hast Thou ! I turned my back upon the clamorous ocean and started to aseenu tho slope once more. When I reached tho brow- of the eliifs I observed that tlio clouds had lost their fleceiness and taken a slatish tinge, were moving fast and crowding' up tho sir}’, inpo ' much that tlio sun was leaping from one edge to another and darting a keen and frosty light upon the scene. The wind was bitterly cold, and screamed nl willy in my emu when X met the full tide of it. 'Tho change was sudden, but it did' not surprise me. I knew these seas, and that our English April is not more capricious than tho woathor in them, only* that hero tho sunny smile, though sparkling, is frostier than the kiss of death, and brief as the flight of a musket-ball, whilst the frowns are black, savage and lnstiug. I bore the dead man’s cloak on my arm and helped myself along with ' tlio oar, and presently arrived at tho brink of tho slope in whoso hollow lay the aliip os in a cup. The wind made a noisy howling in her rigging, but tho kickliug was frozen so iron hard that not n rope Stirred, and the vane at the mast head was as motionless as any of tho adjacent steeples or pillars of ice. My heart was clis uuiyed again by* the figure of the man. ' XXc was more dreadful tlum the other lieeausc of tlio size to winch tho frozen snow uxxm his head, trunk and limbs had swelled him ; and the half-rise ’ of his ‘fdoewas particularly startling, as' if ho werfp in tho act of running his gaze softly upwards'. 'That ho should > have died in that easy leaning posture was strange; however, I supposed, and no doubt righth*, tlmt be had been seized'' with a sudden faintness, and ‘ had leaned upon , tho rail mid so expired. The cold would cjuiikly inako liim rigid mid 'likewise preserve liim, and thus ho might luvvo Uotm loaning, teropluting tho ico of the blilfs, for years and years I i ’ A wild and dreadful tfiing for one in zny condition to light on mid be forced to tliink of ! M3* heart,‘ ns I have said, sank in me again at the sight of him, mid fern' and awe and superstition so worked upon my spirits that I stood irresolute, mid would have gone back lmd there been any place to return to. I plucked up after a little, and, rolling up the cloak into a compact bundle, flung it with all my strength to the vossol, and it fell' cleverly just within the rail. Then gripping the oar X started on tlio descent. Tho depth was not great nor the declivity Hha.rp; but th,e surface was-formed of blocks of ice, like the collections^ of big stones you sometimes encounter on the sides of mountains near the base; mid I had again and again to fetch a compass so as to gain-ft smaller block down which to drop, till I was close to the vessel, and hero the snow had piled and frozen into a smooth face. The ship lay -with a list or inclination to larboard. X had come down to her on her starboard side. Sbo hud small channels with long platen, but her list, on my side, hovo them somewhat high, beyond my reach, and X perceived that to get aboard I must seek an entrance on tho larboard hand. This was not Imrd to arrive at; indeed, I had hut to walk round her, under her bows. .She was so coated with hard snow X could see nothing of her timbers, and was therefore unable to' guess at the oondition of her hull. She had a most absurd swelling bilge, and her buttocks, viewed on a line with her rudder, doubtless presented tho exact appearanoo of an apple. She was stink in snow to some planks above tho garboard-streaky but her lines forward were line, making licr almost wedge-shaped, . though the flair of her bows wus great, so that she swelled up like a balloon to the catheads. She had some thing of the look of tlio barca-lougers of half a oentury ago—that is, half a century ago from tho date of my adventure—but that which in sober truth a mau would have taken her to be was a vessel formed of snow, sparred and rigged with glass-like frosted ice, the artistic caprioo of the genius or spirit of this white and melancholy scene, who, to complete the mocking illusion, had fashioned the figure of a mau to stand on dock, with a human faoc toughened, iuto an idle eternal contemplation.,.^} On tho larboard hand the loo pressed close against tho vessel’s side, soino pieces rising to tlio height of her wash-streak. Tho face of tlio hollow was precipitous hero, full of cracks and flaws and sharp projections. In? doed, had the hrcndtli of tho island been as it was at tbe extremity I might lmvo counted upon tlio first violent commotion of the sea snapping tliis part of the ioc, and converting the northern part of tlio body into a separate I climlnxl without difficulty into tho ■ fore chains, the enow being so hard tliat my feet and hands made not tlio least impression on it, 'and B.cicwhnt wnrily—feetng tin govern ment of a poculiar awe, mounting into a sort of terror indeed—stood awhile peering over j the rail of the bulwarks; then entered the ; ship. I ran my cyce swiftly here and there, for indeed I did not know what might steal or leap into view. Jjefc it be remembered that I was a sailor, with tho superstitious feelings of my calling in mo, and though; I do not know that I actually bcliovod in ghosts and apparitions and spoctrumfl, yet I fe3t as if I did ; particularly upon the dock of this silent ship, rendered spirit-like b j the grave of ioo in which she lay and by the long years (ns I oould not doubt) during winch she had thus rested. Hence, when I slipped off the bulwark on to the dock ana viewed the ghastl3*, white, lonely scene, I felt for'the moment ns if this ntrango disoovery of mine was not hi lie exhausted of its wonders nhd terrors b3* the mere existence of tlio filiijv—an other wonls, that I must expect something of tlio Bupcnmhiral to outer into tliis icy sepulchre, and bo prepared for rights more marvellous and terrifying than frozen oorpsofl. So X stood looking forward and oft y‘cry swiftly, ami in a way I daresay that a spec tator would have thought laughable enough ; nor was my imagination .soothed by tho dear, harping, ringing hoiumIh of the wind seething through tho. frozen rigging where the moats rose above the shelter-of tlic aides of the hollow. ' Presently, getting the better of my per turbation, X walked aft, and, stepping on tho poop-deck, fell to an examination of the com panion or covering of the uftor-hntoli, winch, as X have elsewhere said, was covered with (to BE OOKTTK0KD.) 