•if LITERATURE. AN INTERESTING STUDY.— TELEPATHY.* It is an old allegory likening the mind •of man to a walled city, with its eye gate, -ear gate, and other inlets of sense; but in the last great siege the invested inhabi tants looked upwards to the open sky and sent and received messages by balloon and pigeon posts. Would it bestretching the allegoiy too far to suggest that the mind of man can receive messages in a supersensory way ? That there is, in fact, a "telepathic" post open when the senses are closed ? To furnish evidence of this possibility the authors of the work under notice have -collected in all nearly 1,000 cases of com munication from one person to another under circumstances excluding the action -of the ordinary senses. They have broadly divided the subject into two -parts—" Experimental Telepaphy" and -"Unconscious Telepathy"—the first being the one moBt readily brought under scien tific treatment. Here the agent pur posely endeavours to convey a mental impression. The percipient lays him self open to receive such impression. Contact during the reproduction of the mental impression is avoided, the ordi nary exhibitions of "thought-reading" being put aside by the authors as *' muscle-reading." Under the influence of this conscious telepathy, words, names, -numbers, cards, diagrams, tastes, odours, pains have been named, reproduced, or -indicated with a general correctness far exceeding mere chance. Experiments in this branch of telepathy can readily be made, the only two requisites being ex treme care that all sense avenues are «topped and perfect honesty in recording results, failures as well as successes. Upon the basis established by experi mental telepathy the authors proceed to build up the second part of their sub ject, "Unconscious Telepathy." Here impressions are received in dreams, in the -waking state, and in the border- land between sleeping and waking, the agentB -(or persons about whom the impression is received) being usually in some crisis, distress of mind, severe illness, or most frequently, at the point of death. It will lie at once seen that here our old friends the "ghost stories" find place, but in lieu of "apparitions of the dead'* the authors seek an explana tion in "phantasms of the living." It muBt not, however, be supposed that the cases brought forward are a mere un critical compilation of the old stories to be found in works devoted to these pleasing horrors; on the contraiy, the cases upon which the authors rely are authenticated by full nameB and addresses, are recent, are supported by collateral testimony and documentary evidence, and tested (as to dates) by public registers. Such only are admitted as first-class. (Some of the cases are supplied by well known South Australians.) In most cases, too, the authors are able to establish that the percipients were not subject to similar impreBsionB, the one circumstance standing out as a unique event in their lives. Sometimes the " im pression" is so vivid as to give rise to "hallucination," the percipient seeing his friend's form or hearing his voice, but for details the work itself must be referred to, as it is the accumulation of evidence ibat gives its strength. Any one case may be explained away by chance coinci dence, but scarcely many hundreds. If the person in peril exhibits extreme anxiety as to how his death will affect his relative or friend (dying, perhaps, with his name upon his lips) it may not be sur prising that the distant percipient should he affected; the case is not much unlike experimental" telepathy. But when a man's head is unexpectedly cut off, or he is suddenly rendered insensiole by a blow, it is hard to see what opportunity he has to send a telepathic message ! Again, the percipients are sometimes strangers. Why should the agent trouble himself about them, or why should his influence affect them when no previous bond of con nection had been established ? Then there are the " collective" cases, where .several percipients are affected at once. Is the message addressed to each, or is only one affected, and he in turn affects those near him ? Another point not touched upon by the authors is, what is the medium by which telepathic influences are conveyed > A distant sound sets the air in motion and by its mediation the ear is affected. For the conveyance of light and electricity .a hypothetical aether has had to be in vented ; are we to burthen it still further with telepathic work. But whatever may ■be the difficulties of the subject, our thanks are certainly due to the joint authors for a very carefully collected mass of evidence for some very interesting in troductory matter, and for at all events a .good working hypothesis. We subjoin one case (No. 17, p. 188, vol. 1) as an -example. "The parties concerned are Mr. Arthur Severn, the distinguished landscape-painter, and his wife, and the narrative waB obtained through the kind ness of Mr. Buskin." Mrs. Severn's letter is dated October 27,1883, and the ■occurrence took place about three years before. "I woke up with a start, feeling I hod had a hard blow on my mouth, and with a distinct sense that I had been cut and was bleeding under my upper lip, and seized my pocket-handkerchief and held | it, in a little poshed lump, to the part, as I I sat up in bed, and after a few seconds when I removed it I was astonished not to see any blood, and only then realized it was impossible anything could have struck me there as 1 lay fast asleep in bed, and so I thought it was only a dream ! but I looked at my watch, and it was 7, and finding Arthur (my husband) was not in the room I concluded (rightly) that he must have gone out on the lake for an early sail, as it was so fine. 141 then fell asleep. At breakfast (hilf past 9) Arthur came in rather late, and I noticed he rather purposely sat further away from me than usual, and every now and then put his pock ethand kerchief furtively up to his lip in the very way I had done. I said, 4Arthur, why are you doing that?' and added, a little anxiously, ' I know you have hurt yourself, but I will tell you why afterwards.' He said, 4 Well, when £ was sailing, a sudden squall came, throwing the tiller suddenly round, and it struck me a bad blow in the mouth under the upper lip, and it has been bleeding a good deal and won't stop.' I .then said, 4 Have you any idea what o'clock it was when it happened ?' and he answered, 4 It must have been about 7.' Z then told what had bapoened to me, much to his surprise, aud all who were with us at breakfast." Then, as usual, further enquiries were made, and Mrs. Severn states that she even 44 looked under her lip to see if there was any mark," and Mr. Severn, under date of November 15, writes a letter de tailing the circumstances from his point of view, and mentions the care he took to hide the matter from his wife. 