Keep Out of the rust. -Keep out of thd post! for its highways Aro damp with malarial gloom ; Its gardens arc sere, and its forests arc drear, And everywhere moulders a tomb : . Who seeks to'regaln it3 lost pleasures Finds only a rose turned to dust, And its storehouse ot wonderful treasures Is Covered aud coated with rust.' Keep out of the past, it is haunted, ? . He who in its' avenues gropes . Shall find there the ghost of a joy prized the most, ? And a skeleton throng of dead hopes. 'In place of its beautiful rivers : Lie pools that are stagnant. with slime, ' And those graves gleaming bright in the phos phorous light ? Cover dreams that were slain in their prime.* -Keep out of tlie past 1 it is lonely Aud bamn and bleak to the view, Its fires' bave grO'\vn cold, and its stories are old, Turn, turn'to the present, the new! To-day leads you up to the hill tops, That arc kissed by the radiant sun, To-day shows no tomb — all life's hopes in bloom— And to-day holds a prize. to be won. , , — JZ/fit IVhcckr iVtkow Saw tho Thing Through.— 'How 'are » you, Charley,' said; one t.vavellcr : to another in New South Wales. 'Where have you been V . ' , ? Jicen visiting.' V Where ?'-' v 'Tn Sydney.' ?'.Indeed! I suppose you went' all tho rounds.' ♦ 'You bet I did.' ' S*aw the Parliament Houses .and went' down the harbor and all that sort of thing 7' ' Yes, and I wa£ down in bed for tyro week^ with malaria. Oh, I tell roil I didn't mis* any of it.' ' * ? - - Tho Other Ono. — ' So you havo got' a „ =lte^)'mother / n she said to the little girl of icvcn. - - % ? ' 'Yes.' ' Well, I feel sorry for von.' Oh, you needn't do 'that,' replied, the little one. ' Please feel sorry for pa !' ' ? ? A chcap th'ing in summer bats— a dudo's -.head. Philosophy That Means Well—' My dear friend, how wore j'ou able to acquire such an immense fortune ? ' . ',tty a very simple method.' .... ' What method is that ?!' vnv-,J When £ was poor I, made out that I was i£b» aml jjvn I got rich I made out that I ' ^-POOT^? 