STAGE CELEBRITIES. I [BY C. W ]" • Mb. Thomas Hudsow, " If that man who makes two blades of" rass grow where only one grew before is'» enefactor < f his race, assuredly, as 'ailiilosopher said, he who can rub < ut one wrinkle -from the brow of care. o>" beguile-- he desponding from on • moment- of sorrow,. »r who can raise a s nile to remove theaatherin^ film of misanthropy, must be- »cceptedi as a friend to l is kind—and Mr. ^homas Hudson is this n ai, Once when* he famous comedian Lists n was struck with i fit of nervous despondency he called upon Dr. Abernethy for advise; the medical' gentleman at once told him to go and see Liston ! If there should be any hvnocboniriac in our midst who wished to have their* depressed spirits relieved, in the spirit of renowed doctor, they shou'd spend a night at Garner's Rooms with Mr. Hudson. On one matter the English and Australian, comedians differ. Mr. Liston, I have peard, was a church warden ; Mr. Hudson-, is not. Again, both these artistes are rehowed as punsters. Once at a naval station a mashing juvenile officer made % ^reat noise while passing down the hall, which so >annoyed the performer that he shouted out—" You ticket-takers, why don't you attend to the announcement at thedoor? Can't you read —* Children in arms are not ad nitted!'" By daylight Mr Hudson seldom developed even the ghost of a smile; he seems often wrapped up with business anxieties and responsibilities incidental to an imprcssario having charge of a large staff of artistes. But on the platform h is quite another man. Here he resembles Fal:-taff, not only humourous himself, but the cause of humour in oth -rg. Here he seenrra to r«Vise those fine lines in Milton's. "L'AlJegro"— Jt« and youthful Jollity. Quij B. and cranks, and 'wanton wiles. Nods, and beeks, and wreathad smiles, Spurt tliat wrinkled Care derides, And Laughter, holding both his sides; And, it I give thee h nonr due, Mirth, admit me of thy crew. The e delights, if thou canst give, Mirth, with thee I mean to live! One of his characteristics is gravity, and heseems astonished that the audiences laugh *t him, because there is nothing remarkable often in what he says, but the roar of" merriment is created by the way a story or an anecdote is told. Thereis nothing of the buffoon about his style; in tecfc, he is a quiet comedian to some ext -nt. but he moves the house by calm drollery, and the laugh he raises is seldom exhibited in himself. It is astonishing with what ease he fires his facetiousness, without aiming at anyone. His versality is also remarkable. In the four-fold capacity of singer, dan er, manager, and proprietor, "none but him* 86lf is his own parallel." Amusement seekers who have only heard him sing in connection with the " Surprise Party " have but a fault idea of his vocalisation. Some years ago his song of "Babylon's Fallin'" used to attract crowds nightly to the Theatre Royal, and it seems strange that he does not revive this doggrel ditty. As a ludicrous step dancer it is no stretch of the pen to state that he never had a rival in this colony. One of his present Company told me that he was surprised at Hudson's agility, and though age is creeping on him,, he can still show the "boys" how step dancing should be done. 9f his judgment and ability as a manager, space will not allow us to touch upon, except to stale that he evidently has a taste for the young and pleasing, as shown by the attractive youngladies who take part in his entertainment. What concerns the public most with Mr.. Hudson is as a caterer for their amusements,, and no one knows this more than he does.. For the last five months he has changed the programme every Saturday night, though in this respect he has not been always successful. This is the fate of all show proprietors, aud the many business changes he experiences, it would seem strange if he did not have his »hare. More than once it has occurred to me that with all his ability it seems strangethat he should continue to endure the worries of business, pecuniary anxieties, and unexpected misfortunes like the losses he suffered by the fire at the Academy of Music, when the large field of the English stage is open before him. Within a small circle of years, by acting alone, several comedians have made their plum, and then retired into private life. Liston netted £100 per week, made his pile, when the stage lost him for ever. Managers complain that at the present time there is a dearth of low comedians like Buckstone, John Reeve, Paul Bedford, ai-.d Gompton. They are like angels' visits—few and far between. In early life none of these held a high position ; Buckstone was a printer, Bedford was a saloon singer, Reevs was a porter, and dear old Robson—inimitable Robson— (who used to electrify audiences at the Olympic Theatre, and according to the Quarterly Review, " wanted a cubit added to his stature to have made him a second Edmund Kean I have frequently heard him at the Eagle Tavern singing comic songs. With such and a number of other facts I could adduce, and without flattery, I can state that I can see no objection to Mr. Hudson occupying a foremost position on the Metropolitan stage (that apex of an actor's ambition) if he wishes it. Printed and published by the proprietor Feedehick Wallace Kennedy and John Samuel Jones, Jun., at theiroffices, Todd and Divett Streets Adelaide, Soutb^Austcalud Port 