MY UNCLE'S GHOST. ! BY FRANCIS FOOTE. . I One rainy evet.ing lail week I lounged. I into my uncle's bachelor apartments at the : hotel for a talk and smoke. One of. my uncle's hobbies was to be surrounded at all i timi-s by young men ; and, indeed, be seemed j little more than a boy himself in feelings. . although lie had passed his fiftieth" birthday, i And we were all devoted to " the major," as j wo called him-I believe that was bis title i during the war. There was no one so willing to offer a i helping hand when we were in a college i I scrape;-no one who would loan money so i j readily when an allowance fell short; there j I was no one with such a fund of experiences ; I from which to draw for amusing or thrilling , j tales; and then his wines and cigars were j unimpeachable. ; On this particular evening I found him stretched out before the fire, his eyes lived reflectively upon the ceiling, as he blew huge rings of smoke from his pipe. .. How are you, Tom ?" he said, lazily; "you've saved me from myself by coming in. It has been such a nasty sort of a day, and au evening like this I always mope, and think of my ghost." " Your ghost ?" I.echoed. "Why, yes ; you know I have the.pleasure of owning one. DJ you mean that I have never told you the story ?" I say ,s No," emphatically, and the major's face grew radiant with the anticipated pleasure, for the one thing which ho enjoyed above all others was a good story told by him self ; and they were always good. . .' Order whatever you wish, Tom," he said. "I'll take a drop of brandy straiuht, and you will find the best cigars on the top shelf." At last we were comfortably settled, and after a preliminary swallow of brandy he j | began. j 'It wa9 about fifteen years ago. and I was I on my way to Chicago. The trains didn't go i right through as they do now, and stopped 1 oftener. It might have been five o'clock in [ the evening, and we had one more night to i ride, when the train be»an to slow up, finally i stopping at a small station, and a young | woman came into the car. j " The sea's were pretty well occupied, and I when she reached me she asked if she might j have the other half of mine. Of course I i said 1 Yes.' There was plenty of room, and I she only had a bit of a bag with her. ! You know I never wa3 much on women, j but I can tell a pretty one when I see her, l and a lady. She was both, although her I dress WAS plain and black, and her gloves bad j been neatly mended in several places. I had l a number of books and papers, the most en i teitaining of which I offered her, and when i she thanked me. her voicc was the sweetest i I have heard-low soft and musical. | " By Jove 1" said the major, excitedly, as i be reached for the brandy, "I know 'that i woman would sing with her whole soul; shs j couldn't have helped it with that voice. ! " Well," he continued. " she took up & I book, but she didn't read much ; just turned I the pages at random, and sighed softly to I herself every little while, as if she were un | happy or in trouble. When the conductor j came through she called him and asked about a berth. " ' I am sorry,' he said; 5 you should have telegraphed. We arc very full, and there is nothing but an upper one left. You would like a whole section?' \- "' I would,' she replied ;1 although a lower berth would do. You are sure you cannot ac commodate me ?' "'I'm sorry, .miss, but I don't see how/ i and that burly conductor did seem sorry> out i of sympathy, as he saw the troubled cxpres i sion in the girl's face. I «5 Then I spoke, j ,:;I have a whole section to myself,' I i said, !and I always prefer the uppe r berth : ! so if vou will take the low I shall be most i happy, to resign it to yon.' This was a lie, for I had never slept in one before, but she was pretty enough and unhappy enough to warrant a lie of that kind. " I shall never forget the glance she gave me. 1 had not noticed her eyes before, but now they lit up her whole face. They were a deep violet, almost purple, with dark depths, and thick black lashes which cast shadows on her pale cheeks. Yes, she was very pale, you .would have called her ill until you saw her lips, which were like a strip of scarlet on the snow. Another thing I noticed was a tiny sear, which looked as if it had been made by some sharp instrument, just below her left temple. " I tried to talk with her, for she interested me deeply, but although she answered me pleasanlly, she said nothing by which I could discover who she was, where she was guing. or why she was travelling alone. "Just before it was time to make up the berth she grew very nervous, twisting and untwisting her hands, and tapping her foot. Shu glanced at me once or twice, but to all appearances I was deep in my book, ..' I've got to do it,'" I. heard her say in the faintest possible voice. Indeed, poor child, I don't believe '-be knew that she spoke i aloud, so occupied was she with her own ' thoughts. . . | " In a few moments she spoke again, still j j talking to herself,- ? i \- " They must never find him about me. It I j would spoil all, and I vvoull never-' I " i41 lost the nL'Xt two words, but they ! i sounded like 'disgrace him.' She seemed ! aware then that she had spoken aloud, and I looked quickly .it me. 1 turned a page of i my bock and settled back farther into my l corner. ' . j > Then she opened her little bag. and took i i from it a picture. As near as I could make ! i out it was the likeness of an aristocratic j young man with blue eyes and smiling j j lips. : *" She looked at it for about fifteen minutes I I longingly, passionately, then she kissed i it fervently under cover of her handker i chief. ! "After that, she covered it with both | hands, gave one little sob, and then began to ! ! tear that picture into inch bita. i j '"Ah, ah, a lover's quarrel T I thought:! j and yet it didn't seen like that. It was too j serious; like a parting forever. j " In a little while she turned to me. Sbs 1 was paler than ever, and the old scar wa9 brighter. "'Will you please open the window?' she asked. '1 have something to throw i away.' _! "I did as she wished, and' she scattered i the fragments of that photograph to the four I winds. She drew a breath of relief. "4Now that is over the rest will be comparatively easy,' she said this time to j me. j " ' What will be easy,' I ventured, j "' l'ardon me for speaking my thoughts to I a stranger,' she replied. 'I suppose I mean I life will be easier while we live, and death 1 i when we die.' ] "' Life should always be easy, for one as I young as yourself,' I said, gallantly. She turned her beautiful eyestowaTd me again, and her glance was like a shock from a battery. In their depths I saw both joy and sorrow, passion and pain, while she said, slowlv, "'Life to be easy must be sweet. Mine has been sweet,' with an emphasis on the 'has been' 'too sweet to last; but now well, all will be right in the future, I have no fear.' And she turned away. " After that I could only make her speak in monosyllables. "?At last that whole car full had settled. | down for the night to try and gain the little i rest which might he found. Everything I was tolerably quiet, and I shut fny eyes and I tried not to notice the jar of the train, or the j i occasional groan of the engine. I 48 There .was a little, scraggly, psle Novera I her moon, which gave me a chili as I looked I at it, and made me imagine all sorts of j crcep'y things. I thought I heard a stifled I sigh once or twice from the berth below. I | even seemed to notice a faint, unpleasant I odor. ? All my senses were abnormally i active, and as I was an old traveller I was i very much ashamed of myself. j " Wben finally I did sleep a little it was to I dream of a frightful accident, in which that | pale, yellow moon and I had ia hand-to-hand I fight to see which of us should save the I pretty girl, and during our struggle she bad i been crushed under the car. ! " I had important business a "few stations I this side of Chicago, but I had made up my i mind that I would have a little talk with the ; young lady before I left the car. In the i morning when I arose I went to the front | platform for some fresh air. When I entered j the car again almost all my fellow-pass- jn I gers wt-re visible, but that berth under mine was just as it bad been all night, the girl bad 1 not yet appeared ; could she be ill 1 I was i very near my stopping-place-I could not go I without saying good-by. The porter passed I through. 1 called to him and told him that I there was a la ly in that berth who had not | j yet been heard from. She might be sick. i i" " lie went to the berth directly, and made i I one startled exclamation. The passengers I I began to crowd around. There she lay, the \ lashes resting thick on her checks, her lips still that wonderful dash of red, but her face | was like marble, her hands were ice, and her I heart-ah ! there was no action there. She was dead I 41 By her side was a bottle half-filled with laudanum', which showed that she had taken her own life. " I did not wait for anything more, to hear the criticisms and the questions as to who j she was, and why she did it. I ju3t took one i j lornr, parting look, and touched her pretty i I brown hair; then 1 went out to the platform 1 I again, and remained there until I reached my station." The major smoked violently for a few moments. "But where does the ghost come in?" I asked at length. " The ghost 1" he said, with a suggestion of passion in his voice, which I had never heard there before; " she is the ghost. Her pale face, black dress, and violet eyes, have haunted me more or less ever since. I can j hear her sweet, musical voice as plainly to-j day, when I will allow myself, as I did then, j and it wa3 fifteen years ago. There is a place i in my heart now for those poor little mended 1 gloves, which were in themselves a pathctic I story. ] 44I am never on duty at night that she does not stand before me with that little troubled expression, and that pleading look, until I I reach out my arms to touch her, then she j vanishes, and I know it was-you will say an j illusion, a fancy-I call it her ghost. ^ | " How many times have I wished that in some way I had gained possession of that | man's picture. 1 would have pasted them i | together if it had taken half a lifetime and j ! then I would have found him. I would have j i revenged that poor girl for the wrong he had j i done. Yes, wrong, for I know that in some way he had driven her to her death. Per haps that is why I have never married. I can't tell. I only know that I have never yet met a women who could be to me what her memory is ; and I saw her but once; she was not even a name to me; of herself, her j character, I know nothing, and l am called a j man of the world. 44 And yet, boy," he exclaimed, turning to mc. his face gray with passion," I am happier on' a dark, stormy night like this, in the prospect of coming home to be with her spirit, her memory, if you will, than I should be if I knew another, a real woman, was waiting to (ling soft arms about my neck, to kiss me with tenderost lip3. Forgive me, Tom ; I seldom speak of my own feelings and emotions, but perhaps now you can faintly understand how much reality there can ba even in a uhost." The major had gained complete control of himself once more, and was nodding good humoredly over his pipe as if romance, women and he had always been, as they always would be, strangers. 