POETRY. KEEP OUT OF THE FAST. Keep out of the past ! for its highways ' Are damp with malaria! gloom Its gardens are sere, and its forests are drear. And everywhere moulders a tomb. Who seeks to regain its lost pleasures Finds only a rose turned to dust, .' And its storehouse --f uonderful treasures Is covered and coated with rust. Keep nut of the (Met ! it is haunted, He who in its avenue yropes ' Shall find there the ghost of a joy prized the most, And a skeleton throng of dead bopee. lit place of its beautiful rivers Lie pools that are stagnant with slime. Ana inose graves gleaming Briglit in tne phosphorus light Corcr dreams that were elain in iheir prime. Keep out of the past 1 it is lonely And barren and bleak to the view, Its 6res have grown cold and its stories are old. Turn, turn to thje present, the new 1 To-day leads yoa up to the. hill-tops, Tlrat are kissed fey the radiant sun ; To-day shows no tomb— all life's hopu in bloom — And to-day bolds » prize to be won. ?CA|riJOCU W lillG UUIlMVbl Ul HIW UIL. 1U Ifllt] life which has quitted it succeeds life under other forms. And it we were to suppress the work which is thus going on the surface of the globe would «oon be ?uninhabited. Dealing with the question ? i if spontaneous generation, Pasteur saysj i hat there its not one circumstance known - .a* the present day which juBtifieB the assertion that microscopic organism come into the world -without germs, or without parents like themselves. He {declares .KDontaueOus cencration to bo a chimera. be wonderfully appropriate to the culture of the microbe of fowl chuKra. The little organisms are described as being of an extreme tenuity. sVigbtly strangulated at their centres. They have no movement of their own, and in some days they change into a multitude of isolated specks. In a medium uusuited to their life they perish. This shows that a microscopic j»'guiiis!» proves inactions in an animal which has been inoculattni with it, because it cannot drvelop itself in the hody of the animal, or because its development being arrested it cannot attain the vital organs. The decoction extracted from the muscles of the fowl is the only medium which really suits the microbe of fowl -cholera. It suffices to inoculate the fowl with the hundredth or even -tfce thousandth, part of a drop of this nriKtare to produce the disease and canse ?death. Strange to say. howtver, guinea-pigs hardly ever die with this disease. Abscesses form at the point of inociilathw. When the jowls are inoculated with €he contents of nihe abscess they die rapidly; whilst the guinea-pig which has furnished the virus gets well without the least, sufleriii*. ' A curioue instance this of the local evolution of * very virulent microscopic organism, which | produces neitlwr internal disorders nor! the death of tihe animal upon which it lives and multiplies, but which can carry death to other species inoculated with it. Fowls and rabbits living amongst the guinpa-pigs suffering from these abscesses might in u moment be Bmitteu and perish, whilst the health of the guinea-pigs re mained uitciianered.' To Drodoce the disease, it would suffice that a little of the discharge from the abscess of a guinea pig should get smeared over the food of the fowls or rabbits. The disease penetrates by the intestinal canal. There the little organisms increase in Biich great abundance that inoculation with the excrements of the diseased fowls produces death. It is thus easy to account for the propagation of the sickness. The action of the disease is eery rapid. Like the bacillus splenic fever, the microbe of the fowl cholera is an aerobic organism, but it differs essentially in certain respects from the parasite of splenic fever. If the system i if shutting nut the air be employed, the microbe can be preserved with its virulence for weeks, months, even years. But a culture which has remained for three months in its flask, protected from the introduction of all foreign germs by a stopper of cotton wool, which allows nothing but pure air to paes through it, will render fowls more or IhsbUI, but does not cause death in any of them. After some days of fever they recover ; an-l if, after they cure, they are inoculated with a very virulent viruB they will become ill, but will not die. The conclusion is that the -disease -can protect from itself. It has evidently the character of all virulent diseases, that it cannot attack a second time. This weakened microbe, which does not cause death, behaves like a real vacciac relatively to the microbe which kills, -producing a malady which does not cbubb death, bat which iB a protection from the same malady in its more deadly iform. Pasteur made his enfeebled vires pass from one cultivation to another. He established the fact that the virulence may be entirely gone whilst yet the microbe lives. It remained a real vaccine. TrialB made with it by the poultry farmers succeeded beyond ex pectation. Later still he has taken up and examined with success the terrible and mysterious disease of rabies or hydro phobia. Experiments are now in full swing, and it is even suspected that there is a microbe of hydrophobia. For the present, however, Australia is not conoerned in this matter, but has enough to do to think about its rabbits, and to wonder whether the microbe of fowl cholera can be trusted, and whether, if it b« trusted, it will eventually get rid of the scourge. 