I BLACK SKEEP : SOME EPI- SODES IN HIS LIFE. By A.C. Chapter IX.— Defiance. The surface of things was calm during the threo weeks that elapsed between, the accident and Rhoda's wedding. In tlie Tillage not much was heard of the former affair, outside the circle of those immediately concerned in it ; and Rhoda became of so much public importance as to eclipse all rivals for local fame. Annie stayed ' in tho bouse, helping to tnako curtains and table-clotlis and other preparations for the home coming of John's wife. Only the call of duty drew her out. Sho went to tho morning ser vice in a kind of surreptitious way, slipping into a bock scat and out of church the moment prayers wcro over ; and sho took her class in vuxulay school as bofore, teaching the children "out of her head," unmolested and ostento- tiously unnoticed by tho roctor, to whoso house, af course, sho went no more. But below the jurfaco there was considerable disturbance, all on her account, and by reason of tho incalcul- ible temperament of her young admirer. Mr. Delavel-Pole was at deadly foud with his cousin, wd had laid the farm house under an interdict similar to that laid on tho Quirmal by tho Pope when Victor Emmanuol went to live there- Foe their independence and their presumption tlie Morrisons were punished by tho withdrawal of his gracious favor ; and ho pleased himself by thinking that the deprivation would bo peculiarly distressing to Annie, which certainly it was. Lady Susan had slcopless nights on account of that danger which the rector had pointed out to her; nr»1 same cause kopfc John Morrison sternly alert and watchful. Dicky himself did not go to the farm, lest Annie should be made to suffer for it ; and be did not go to church on week days because, ns he said, U sickened him to seo Max playing tlu> hypocrite. 3e attended on Sundays, as a duty to his fomily »nd the State; and then alone did he get sight »f the farmer's daughter— a luxury the more vdently appreciated because it was so rare. Over the uncurtained doorway of the squire's tew he looked down upon tho lowly benches riicre she sat beside her school children, and even when his eyes appeared to be fixed upon bis buuk Iu lost not one movement of her supple young figure, nor one turn of her graceful head. She certainly was alarmingly protty for a girl in her class of life, as poor Lady Susan also con- vinced herself bymnny surreptitous investigations from her own cushioned throne ; and on Sun days Annie never failed to emphasteo that moat .'fatal of her attractions — a faculty for looking so like a lady that a stranger would not havo dis tinguished her from one. Duiing this summer weather she wore delicate muslins in pale blues or lilacs, and a little straw bonnet with white strings tied under tho chin — and sometimes she . added a white muslin ficlivr, crossed over her breast and tied at tlio waist behind, all edged with virginal little frills — a siinplo but dainty costume, that marked her out as a person \- of refinement and good taste. Moreover, tho girl could not have sat or stood to better advan tage had an artist ocoupied the squire's pew and posed her for Iris own observation. Tho con trasts of tho dark oak, tho cold stone and the coarser specimens of humanity around her, threw her into fine relief, aud the light from tho stained windows, whether tho sun shono or not, always seemed the right thing for her soft com plexion and her burnished brown hair. Hor attitude and behavior wcro modest to a fault, sho did nothing that ooirid offend the most severe or jealous critic. . And this scrupulous ness of propriety aud self-respect was more potent in its effect on Dicky than tho most allur ing devices of the most experienced Biren of tlie ordinary type could havo been. It inflamed while it cnobled his admiration. Every minute that ho watched her aud saw how delicately and how discreetly she bore horself his first impres sion tliat sho was a lady deopcucd in him — tho sense that she was worthy to be loved by a gentleman, and that he was ready to love her ' upon those terms. Yes, it bad como to that, though he had only spoken to her oricc. He was young and 'of au ardent temperament, and, long before sho had appeared to him in her charming womanhood ho had been like a thirsty wayfarer at tho public house who is solicited by his friends to "givoit a name" — if tho reader will forgive so coarse a simile. If he had not yet drunk of tho wine of life he scented its aroma, so to speak and was conscious of a capacious appo- tite for its consumption. To a certain extent it did not muoh matter what tho nectar was, or rather, to modify the metaphor a little, it did not much matter what the goblet was out of which ho drank it, so long as it did not obviously discredit its sacred office. Ho wanted to love somebody as much as ho wanted somebody to love him indeed, a great deal xnoro ; ho was impatient for an 'opportunity to let his young passions, that : had begun to feel their strength, go free. Several times ho had thought himself provided with an object for his adoration, but violent disparities of taste or sentiment had arisen at an early etage and nipped all those fair illusions in the bud ; this was tho first attractive woman who had captivated the innu in him without immediately thereafter rubbing his ajsthetio susceptibilities tho wrong way. Therefore ho plunged into love, not falling accidentally, nor yielding to external dnfciccmcnts, but like a diver taking a header into deep watcr--into what ho imagines to bo deep water. It was what goes by the name of love with girls and boys, whoso claim to know all about it is so preposterously supported by novelists, poets aud other presumably experi enced people who ought to know better ; a very fine and vigorous sentiment certainly, but with veiyjittlo bottom to it as a rule. "When the threo weeks wcro nearly over, and he was coming home to dinner from one of his fruitless walks ubout the village, taken daily Sn the hope of getting a glimpso of his Annio Bomowhero, he met John Morrison and his sweetheart sauntering side by aide through a peen lane. Rhoda had been to tho farm to inspect the new improvements, and John was escorting her home to tlie coastguard station. " Good evening, sir," saiu John respectfully, touching his hat. "Good evening," repontrr>c ifcsxy. with a brief nod. He had no soitening herf towards cither of these two. who wore ao unpleasantly near to Annio and had modo themselves so objeotiouable to himself, and his set faco did uot relax a fine. Rhoda smiled her most engaging smile, hesi tated, said, "Good over. nig, Mr. Uiohard," and passed on with evident reluotanco to thus con- b, ? . i"tCrri0W' 0u joiriiug John she began to talk rat, idly, l,cr distant voice Bounding , m '%'s ears as ho strodo towards his home ; and presently she turned and ran back, arresting htm at a door in tho park wall, the " wuicn he carried in his ®1F' abo exc'aiffled breathlessly, but with all her wanted atr of self- possession. "I beg your if beU0V yU Said aomuthi!'S to Mrs. l£3Sir moment 'tl'10 He think for a something about ad'mtted d !>7e0<lcd Rhoda. nrehly, "tho asKrKSSfi: evening" adanCe tb ba « tho nentml groundof !v rtUnco 1 the he would go to ohurchf «.,> b ' b<S pleasure, and would hrin i mnrrlod t!l come to the vctldiny, sir 5" you wouU " And isn't that ts'„ . you'll give mo an invitation fi But if shall be delighted to accept itr tb,du,no 1 ho looked gmvo and cool as he 'spotaf t gh what he said very thoroughly ' ,nCaDt Rhoda gave liim tho invitatim, .1 nd ho did accept it, subject only JthT ? tion that it should be euiWt Morrisons, who wore to givo tho . .. . y tho .lids preposterous' so was 't 1111'- com by tho bride elect, who w. to roif to assure him tliat the Morrisons Ti i" only too much honored by his cmwl ? but under tho cirourastances li0 insfcta " tire formal guarantco that John would mT ium wolcome. taake And the samo night an elaborate invitation indited by Annie, was brought to the Hall bvTnl . himself, who was uot only wiUfagte fadukfo , Rhody, and make things pleasaaVt occasion, but was gratified by the pZ | .pint shown by Master Richard in the matte! j,-,; | : - - \ o;: .>' For John assumed that hia character of watchdog was understood, and flattered himself that, owing to his prompt measures, the squire's handsome son had abandoned his fancy for Annie and his pernicious danglings after her. " I've taught hiin his place," said the young farmer, with a sombre smile. " It's hands off, and he knows it. O, yes, ho may come to the dance and tho supper, Rhody, aud tho dinner too, if you like. I don't think he's half so bad as they make out, and of oourso I shall keep a sharp eye on lrim." So Annio consulted her manual of etiquette and composed a polito note, her maiden heart all a-flutter within her ; and Mr. Richard Do- Invel hod great pleasure in accepting Mrs. Mor rison's kind invitation, and went about for some days with a sense of treading upon air. Tlio wedding 41 wont off " in tho most satis factory manner, its moertbrilliant feature, not even excepting tho brido in hor bluo silk and orange blossoms, being tho presence of Mr. Richard in tho group before tho altar in tho morning and amongst tho guests who dancod in tho Morri son's born at night. His parents, to Bhoda's Intense relief, did not objoot to his thus des cending from his high estate and demeaning himself to tho level of tho common hard (be cause they did uot know anything about it); and his discreet and affable boliArior woe such that the " woddingors," as they styled thomsolvos in the idiom of those ports, not only felt honored to the last degree by Iris oompany, but oven at ease and ahlo to enjoy thorn calves notwith standing. Ho walked across tho park to the church in the morning with his sisters and their governess, tho scdato Barbara carrying a littlo packet of half a dozen silver teaspoons and Katharine a bouquet for the hrirlo. They wont through their own church yard gate and ohancol door into their great pew, where they sat and gossiped behind tho curtains until the bridal party arrived, aud the rector stalked from his vestry to receive them. Then, as tho little procession passed up the church (as they had walked all tho way from the coast guard station), two and two, -K&thcrine;, sigualled by her brother, stepped from tho door of tho pew into tho chancel aislo and beld out her bunch of white flowers to Rhoda. Tlio bride accepted them with a whispered "Thank you, Miss," and a curtsey — for if Dicky had lost some of tho divinity that hedged a Delnvel, the rest of the family had not — and hesitated about passing on until Bbe saw what direction tho young lady meant to take. Katherino politely waved her on, and turned to rejoin hor governess; but Dioky pullod her sleeve and said " Stand bore, Kitty — wo can sec hotter." Ho did not particularly want to pandor to Rhoda's vanity, and he wa9 as exclusive for his sister 03 ho was eclectic for himself ; but h© saw an opportunity to annoy Max, and it was too precious to be thrown away. bo ho stood up with tho wedding party, botwccu protty Annio in her whito muslin and pink ribbons and Katherino in lier brown holland and garden hat ; and as soon as the 6orvjco was over — read by tho rector in his most distant and stately tones — hastened to shake liands with bride and bridegroom and all tho plebeian party, and to conduct him- solf generally as if ho was their nearest and dearest friend, Mr. Delavel-Polo had himself meant to unbend and be gracious, to relax some what tho rigor of the interdict, in considera tion of tho occasion, Qiid perhaps pavo tho way for a gradual reconciliation with tho Morrison family, and a return to favour of his interesting young Sunday school teacher ; but when he saw his cousin behaving in this manner, altogothor forgotting Iris position and encouraging tho poor to forget theirs, ho felt that somo counter action was necessary for the support of Church aud State and of tho honor and dignity of tho Delnvel House, and stiffened into a rigid hautour that waa enough to froczo tho marrow of all around him. Ho did not radiate tho palest gleam of sympathy for any body— happy bride or tearful parents— no more than those effigies of Iris dead and gono ancestors that lay, stood and knelt in stony stillness all about them. Ho would offer no congratulations ; ho would tako no part iir — Uo would not oven appear to notice — the little flutter of pride and impor tance that animated tho now-uiado wife and hor relations, when the deed that they had como to do was done. He hoped t Rhoda would do her duty, ho said, in the new state of life to which it had pleased God to call her. That wan all. Dicky was delighted. Ho went into tho vestry and insisted on signing tho register. He introduced Iris sisters to Annio (though they know her much hotter than he did), and insti gated the kiud-hearted governess to say pretty things and bo friendly to tho agitated and wet- oyed mothers of the newly- married pair, and ho presented Lady Suaau's teaspoons with a littlo speech in which ho told Rliody that ho hoped ho ahould stir with thein manyaoup of tea brewed by her fair hands ; and so on and so on. When it wasall over, he marched backacross tho parkhand in hand with Kathcrine, in tho highest spirits at having succeeded in putting Max into "one of his infernal tempore." At lunch he was very lively ; in tho afternoan ho was vory restless ; at dinner ho was so silent and abstracted tlmt no ono could got a word out of him. And the moment dinner was over and Lady Susan had left the diningroom, he slipped from tho table and dashed up tlie shallow, dark, old Jacobean stuircaso that led to his bedroom, half a dozen steps at a time. "Why, Dicky, what is tlio matter?" exolaimcd Barbara — a very proper and staid young lady who was descending from tho schoolroom to join her mother. " Where are you going ?" " Nowhere — to bed — for a walk — nover you mind," he replied iu breathless gasps; and, leaping headlong into his chamber, ho banged tho door behind him. Soon ho emerged in his morning clothes— his best morning clothes— and liko onoof tho ghosts of tho house, of which thcro was an assortment, flittcdlightly up and down corridor and back stai r- . cases until ho reached tho stable yard. There ho found a. horso saddled and waiting for him, on which he sped forth into tho night. Chapter X.— Danchr. It was a soft, starlit summer night, Dicky observed tliat thcrd was no moon, and reflected tliat tho light— or, rather, tho want of light would bo agrecablo-to dancers who might wish to cool themselves iu the opon air. He rodo through tho park at a epood that should have aroused tho suspicious vigilance of goto and game keepers, but did not ; and, dismounting, let himself out by that door in the wall which was supposed to bo opened only at certain seasons of the year, aud for special purposes of woodcraft,' of tho key of which lio had un lawfully possessed himself. Along tho whito high road for a littlo way, rousing clattering echoes as ho went — in and out of grassy lanes, where his Uorao'a hoofs struck tho earth with muffled thuds, and where tho full-leaved trees darkened the twilight over his head ho passed like a pursued Irigkw&yman; ; and soon arrived at the farm houso, where lights and voices and tho shrill scraping of a violin indi cated that tho revelry was at its height. Though the stars as yet were few and pale, and the daylight still lingered in translucent green and golden streaks in tho western sky, this wedding guest was late. Thoy lunl waited for him, as in higher circles we wait for the Governor or tho Prince of Wales, for a long timo after tho tea party had come to an end and tho tea tablo been cleared for supper. Then thoy had given hira up on tho supposition that his parents had interposed, and gono to tho barn to danco with out him. As he quietly walked his horso from tho road gato to the stock yard, whioh lay between tho house and tho barn, and was contiguous to tho cart Bhcds and stable, bo could hear tho merry thump and scamper of many feot in Sir Roger do Coverloy— a dance that mostly marked the olimax of those entertainments. Not a soul was about, that ho could soo. Everybody was in the barn, and was so absorbed in Sir Roger, and mado so muoh noiso with foot and voice, that his arrival was unheard and unnoticed. Qo dismounted in tho yard, found an empty cornor in ono of the shods (tho stablo being full) where ho put up his horse, tying its bridle to a waggon wheel ; and then ho stood a fow minutes, in tho gradual darkening of tho day and brightening of tho stars, to take his bear ings and decide whither ho should bend his stops. As ho stood, looking round him. and listening he saw that tho window of tho keeping room, across a little corner of yard and garden, was opou ; that tho room itself — as woll as tho parlor boyond— was lit up, and Bkmlows passing tonnd fro witlrin. Probably Mrs. Morrison was hi the house, on hospitable oaros intont, wlrilo tho guests were rovoUuig in tho barn. Dioky thought the proper thing would bo to go to tho house, therefore, and pre sent himself to her Lightly he turned and loft the yard, passed through a littlo green wicket into a path bordered with dahlias and foxgloves and with clumps of Indian pinks that smelt very sweet in tho moist nir ; and took his way round to the porch entrance. And there he stopped suddenly, while ho stared before him with bright eyes, and held his breath. All the doors were open. In the furthest room a moderator lamp Btood on a beaded mat in tho middle of a lughly polished centre table, round which books and shells and other orna ments were disposed in the fashion of wheel of fortune at n fair. A card table stood open near the gaily apronod hearth, with two candles in old fashioned plated candlesticks at two oppo site cornors and packs of cards and a cribbage board symmetrically arranged in the middle The piano, which was vory old, high and shallow, with faded green silk fitted into a central rosette, from which hung cord and tassels, covering tho primitive and worn out mechanism above the mcagro keyboard, also stood open, its few narrow yellow keys shining undor tho soft glow of two mora candles in two more plated candle sticks. The thrifty linen cloth was removed from the drugget that covered tho floor flowers bloomed from tho vases on the mantel piece, aud bunches of dried grass adorned tho yellow-gauzQ-swathed framed of tho pier- glass ondpictures. Antimaccossars, freshly woshedand starched, abounded in unprecedented profusion. Tho best parlor was in full dress for oompany, displaying all those evidences of gentility and prosperity which mado tlio man-lago such a rocognisod social promotion for the coastguards- man's daughter : but no company was thorn. Young and old had deserted the decorous house for the irrcsistiblo jollity of the b&ru.; Tn tb« kcopinor room, howover, two Btops from tho threshold on which he stood, Dicky saw tho ono solitary person who had stayed behind — and that one was not Mrs. Morrison. The keeping room was lighted only by the caudle9 intended for tlio illumination of the supper table ; and the supper table, composed of several tables joined together nearly filled ail the available space. It was loaded with fowls and hams, and jellies and pastry, and custards and creams, so that scarce an inch of tablecloth was to be seen ; aud Annie was busily flitting around it, like a pink and white butterfly, touching up tho flowers and cut paper frills and adding little garnishing hero and there where thoy eoemcd to be needed — surveying her operations from timo to timo critically, with her head on one side. Her bIccvcb wcro turned back over her arms, and her book- muslin skirt pinned np round her waist. Her hair waa unruffled, her pink bows and pink roses unoruslicd, her face calm and BeriouB. Sho had not yet taken her share in tho prevailing excitement. Dicky watched hor, and she did not seo him for a minute or two ; tbon a turn round the table brought him within her range of vision. The surprise was bo Budden and complete (for, like tho rest of tlie party, olio had given up cxpeoting him) that sho was not able to guard herself from tho betrayal of her delight at his appearauce. Her lips parted ; hor bosom heaved ; her oyes brightened aud glowed. " Oh— h 1" eiio cried, under her breath, with a quivering sigh of satisfaction that was beyond words. It was her only welcome, but it was more than sufficient. (To he continued.) 