HIS SACRED PROMISE, (concluded,) " Bravo ! Bravo !" cried Henri, laughing at Herbert's enthusiasm, which sent the contents of his pipe in a fiery shower ovar his beard. The Count smilingly watched S Herbert refill his pipe, then his gaze- rested on tho weird beauty of the scene before him. The chill night air as it swept hot tho brands, created a line vapour, in which the glimmer ing campi fires were strangely rellceted. Above the moon sailed in majestic splondour through the deep cloudless blue of the sky, and the stars shone like glittering beacon lights. The cry of the night-bird on its lonely flight awoke no echoes, and stillness reigned supreme. The little group round the firo watched for some time in silence. Herbert had often beheld a mirage before, but to the Count and Henri it was a wonderful novelty. At last the Count spoke : . " If one had the power to invoke the . spirit of some long dead priest of the sacred worship; what more appropri ate time or place than this — a night in the heart of the Groat Sahara !" Aa he ceased speaking he picked up a small billet of wood lying near.-. Holding it a moment in his hand, he appeared to he repeating some words over it and then cast it over the glow ing eifibers. Soon a faint blue flame crept alowl v round the billet; the flame grew larger and deeper until the wood glowed with an opalescent light, then a thin line of whito smoke curled round it. It slowly expanded into a resemblance to some mummified sub stance. All the while the Count's companions gazed spellbound at the strango work of the smoke and flame. They beheld the sub stance change into a vivid amber and. again to a pale yellow, which seemed to mysteriously gather shape until a human form ascended from the fire and stood before tbem. It was a figure of a majestic old man, clad in a robe of gleaming white ; a long mantle caught at each shoulder by jewels swept behind him. His face' was noble and serene, the eyes gleamed like fires from beneath their heavy brows. As his gaze rested on the Count, who addrossod him in a few words in a strango tongue, the figure seemed to extend its arms and began a low chant, swaying its armi to the rhythm of the measure. Herbert and Ilenri were Bilont with amazement at the sight of this wonder ful vision in the firo. A cold air laden with aromatic fra grance and heavy with a white vapour seemed to surround them; the embers burned dimly, casting a dull glow over the form of the priest — then a wave of darkness swallowed up the scene. # # It is the eve of Mardi G-ras in Paris. The foyer of the Grand Opera i3 filled with groups of masked dancers. The auditorium is one brilliant mass of colour, whirling in the measured gyrations of the dance music. Prom a proscenium-box Lady Sin clair overlooks the gay scene. There is a smile playing in the dimples round her lovely lips as she listens to the talk going on around her ; hut her eyes wear a dreamy, absent look. She is thinking of one far away. Her heart aches longing to see his face, to bear his voice again. But she is sud denly roused from lier reverie by the sound of his name. " The Count de Beam ? Yes, he's been away from Paris a year. He gave a farewell ball last Mardi Gras, I remember." Lady Sinclair looked at the speaker with a smile and toss of her fan. " Has any one heard from him ?" she said. " Oh, yes," he replied, surprised at her calmness, for every one knew that it was on her account tho poor fellow banished himself. " Whom, pray ?" This very care lessly, as she raised her glass and scanned the crowd of dancers below. " His friend the Count Nord re ceived a letter from liim some weeks ago. He wrote to say that he did not expect to reach Paris to-night." "Indeed!" exclaimed Lady Sin clair, with a start. " And why co- night?" " That I do not know." " But there he stands !" They looked round in surprise, but saw nothing. "Look, there he is ; how pale he lookB ! His eyes shine with a strange light. Oh, how sweofc is this feeling of joy to see him again !" And Lady Sinclair's heartbeat with a strange thrill as she held out both hands. "Don't break the spell ; let me feast my eyes on the beauty, of your sweet face. I have hungered so long for it." She trembled with a strange chill. She could hear him whisper again anct again ' ' Porever — forever " — thenjsh e felt his arms around her ; they seemo.l to lift her and bear her away. Then all was dark. The gay strains of the waltz broke out, filling tbe box with melody, but Lady Sinclair sat motionless, her face hidden in the shadow of the velvet hangings. In a few moments her husband en tered with some friends. He picked up her bouquet of violets which had fallen by her side, and placed the /a on her lap. lie took her hand, and a cry of surprise burst from him as he felt it cold as ice. "My God! What is this ?" bo exclaimed, lifting her in his arm-'. The beautiful head sank heavily oh his shoulder. She was dead ! '» # The moon rides majestically through the zenith of the heavens, her silvery light flooding the desert and lighting all the subjects with weird splendour, softening the ungainly outlines of the camels, and gilding the brown, wea ther-beaten bodies of the slumbering Bedouins. Tho mellow rays pale the light of the watch-fires and seeni to linger caressingly on the upturned faceB of the group asleep around the smouldering camp fire. Soon Herbert moves uneasily in his dreams and awakens with n stare. Ho looks in surprise at the smoulder ing fire. "By Jove, we have all been asleep!" He roused out one of the Bedouins to rekindle the fire and then awakened Henri. "I say, Henri, give the Count a shake, and let us turn in for the rest of the night. We must be on the move at sunrise." Henri called the Count, but he did not awaken him, as he seemed to be in a deep slumber, "I say, Henri; I had a strango dream. It must have been the moon light streaming on my face as I slept that made me dream a great white- robed figure stood before us, waving its arms and chanting an unearthly sort of tune, and Leon seemed to join in it. I heard him ask to see some one or go somewhere; then I saw them glide away like two ghosts across the plain and disappear. I say, give him a shake and wake him ; this strong moonlight is not healthy to sleep under." Henri seized the Count by the shoulder, and gave him a vigourous shake, but he uttered a cry oE sur prise as he felt tho count motionless and still. Herbert sprang up and lifted his head. " Some brandy ! - Quick, Henri, he's in a fit ! " He forced tbe brandy between his set teeth, then, he felt for his pulse — it did not heat ; he placed his ear to his heart — it was still. The Count had died while 'they were slumbering by the fire. Henri and Herbert were over whelmed with grief, and passed the remainder of the night in a death- watch. At dawn an old Bedouin rudely embalmed the romains of the Count, and the caravan set out to retrace its course. A few weeks afterward the Count was laid in the family tomb amid the ;solemn rites of the church. All Paris marvelled at the strange Btory-of his death. The undoubted proof of his death in the desert simul taneously with the mysterious do ir,h. in Paris of Lady Sinclair, with wh im he was known to be madly in lo.re, gave rise to many wondering specula tions. Was it some mysterious dispensa tion in tbe order of nature that united these lovers in death — or wa i it only a coincidence ? — San Pjian- cisco Call. 