How were tlie Primitive Churches constructed. Internally ? From " The Great Architect." So admirably was the basilica adapted to< the Christian ideal of a place of 'assembly, that it was adopted without change of name or parts. Tho bishop or presiding elder, sat on the chancel platform, at itB extreme end, on a raised seat built out of the wall—the people sitting in the body of the room ; in the centre of which, and in the midst of the people, stood the Communion table, always of wood and moveable, When the Lord's Supper was to he administered, the presiding officer left his seat on the chancel platform, to Btand and serve the assembled " kings " seated at the hoard of the " King of Kings." It is im possible to imagine any arrangement more completely adverse than this to any caste pretension. The open hall spoke openly equal rights ; tho bishop or overseer of his brethren during one portion of tho proceedings, be comes the minister to wait on them at another part of the service. The significant fact that the people during the chief chris tian rite reclined, while their officers stood as servants to help them, iB conclusive proof that the dignity of a christian waB held to be far higher than any official rank. The right of every christian to be his own " king and priest," is inherent and inalienable ; it is not given as a permission, but a command, to " let no man have a dominion over your faith " ; for the greatness of eaoh and all is part of God's glory, and the reward of Christ's work. The head of each christian honse, is the officer of the Ohnrch that is in it. In the publio "household of God" the official head was always elected by the people, and the laying on of hands was simply the many joining in an outward act, significant of prayer, that the man thus chosen might be endowed with the spirit of truth. It has been objected by an eminent living papist, that although the primitive christians undoubtedly exercised the privilege of electing their own ministers, they did it " by invitation of the Apostles," and that " the right to invite implies the power to retract." As usual with Jesuit arguers, the point in dispute-priest-caste succession to apostolical powers, is assumed, because it is too great an outrage on truth to be safely argued. On the side of the people it may be replied that the apostles also " invited " them to pay their ministers, and that if one invitation can be retracted, the other need not he accepted. The apostles moreover claimed to speak by inspiration of the Holy Ghost, and the right to elect their own ministers, can only he taken from the people by the same supremo authority that conferred it. If any reasonable doubt existed of the light in which primitive christians regarded their places of publio worship, it must be set at rest by the significant resignation givon to them when the basilic was at last christened, and named " conventus " the LatiD word for " meeting hall " or place of assembly. This word has descended to us in two ways curiously opposite, " convent " and " conventicle," both however originally implying meeting houses. If additional proof iB required of the fact, which the whole Bible builds up — and eaoh primitive church in its arrangements confirms, that the truth in Christ was to make all men spiritually free and equal-, it is supplied in the circumstance that no distinctive dress was ever assumed by church officers while con ducting church services. (To be continued.) 