Centenary of the Colony. RELIGIOUS CELEBRATION. As previously announced special religious services were held in All Saints' Cathedral on Sunday, in celebration of the centenary of the colony, and of the Church of England therein. A very large congrega- tion attended the Cathodral in the morning, when his Lordship Bishop Camidge preached, and special prayers were introduced into the service, the follow ing among others being said : — For the Colony. O Lord, our heavenly father, who ordained it to all the nations of the earth the time of their increase, and the bounds of their habitation, we heartily thank Thee, thut, in the past century, Thou hast granted to this Colony an abundant growth, and hast made us to enter upon a noble heritage. We confess, that, through our many follies and sins, we have too much neglected and missed Thy gracious gifts. But, Thy mercy triumphing over our sin, Thou hast still continued to us Thy manifold blessings : Thou still openest to us the gates of prosperity and greatness, and callest us to enter in, and to let our light so shine before man, that they may glorify Thee, our Father, which art in heaven. For this Thy great goodness, 0 Lord, we laud and magnify Thy glorious name, through Jesus Christ our Lord, evermore praising Thee and saying, Holy, holy, holy, Lord God of Hosts; heaven and earth are full of Thy glory. Glory to be to Thee, 0 lord most high. Amen. For the Church. O Loud, let Thy continual pity cleanse and defend Thy Church, and, because it cannot continue in safety without Thy succour, preserve it evermore by Thy help and goodness ; through Jesus Clirist our Lord. Amen. O Lord Jesus Christ, who hast promised to be with Thy Church always, even to the end of the world, we, Thy humble servants, thank Thee, that from a little seed, sown in tears, Thou hast granted to our Church in this land to reap in joy an abundant harvest. We glorify Thy holy Name for all Thy faithful servants, whose labours and prayers Thou hast blessed in the past, and who are now at rest in Thee. And we beseech Thee, O Lod, in the years that are to come, to pour upon us a continual increase of Thy Holy Spirit, that we may more and more enter into Thy truth, seek Thy righteousness, and be kindled with the fire of Thy love ; and that so, under all trials and duties which Thou mayst lay upon us, we may find in Thee the victory that overcometh the world ; who livest and reinest with the Father and the Holy Ghost, one God, world without end. Amen. His Lordship chose for his text a part of the fifth verse of the 16th chapter of St. Luke : — ' How much owest than unto my Lord ?' Our blessed Lord, he said, had just been delivering several very touching and beautiful parables, one being that of the lost sheep, another that of the lost piece of silver, and another that beautiful parable of the prodigal son, the deliverance of which must have touched the hearts of those who heard him ; and now he turns to his disciples and addresses them in particular in the parable of the unjust steward. That parable was somewhat difficult of interpretation, but they must not think for a moment that the Lord Jesus Christ ever intended to commend unjust or dishonorable actions ; he simply wished to teach he disciples, and others through them, that they must be as wise and prudent in matters of religion as wordly people were in the things of time and sense. He (the preacher) wished to take the part of this parable he had chosen for the text and apply it to all in the cathedral church ; for if he could prove his point he knew there would be no difficulty in obtaining a full and hearty support for the Centennial Fund which was being raised throughout the colony. In the first place the question ' how much owest thou ?' came to them as members of this great colony — the mother colony of the Australian group. He was not going into the history of the colony, for it would be imperti- nent for him, a stranger, to do so, as they must all be well acquainted with the details, and the papers at the present time were teeming with information on the subject. He would endeavour, however, to bring out two or three thoughts which struck him as being the most conspicuous, and the first was the great increase of population which had taken place in the colony in a comparatively short space of time. One could hardly realize that a hundred years had elapsed since Governor Phillip entered Sydney cove with those under his charge and planted the English flag on the land, as an indication that the country belonged to the King of England. From that day the increase in the population of the colony has been most remarkable, for, although in 1851 Victoria was separated and in 1859 Queensland was taken away, the records shewed that the population of New South Wales at the present time amounted to some- thing over a million people. They could also gauge their obligations by considering the position of the colony, with its 800 miles of seaboard and its magnificent harbour, its vast tablelands, its im- mense mineral and material wealth, and its beauti- ful climate. It had been said that there was no sky so blue and no climate so healthy as that of Aus- tralia. Then, let them think of the progress made in education— primary schools spread all over the land, their University nourishing with its affiliated colleges. Let them think also of the charities estab- lished— the splendid hospitals which studded the land, notably their own beautiful hospital building. They could also look at the political progress which had been made, and as they thought upon these things he was sure they would see that they owed a great debt of gratitude to God, who had cast their lot in this beautiful part of the world. What would be the future of Australia, neither he nor they could say, but it must be a factor in the future of the world. Australia must have a mighty influence on China, Japan and India, and they must thank God that he had made them a religious people. Time and again efforts had been made to destroy their faith by the circulation of pernicious literature, and by other means, but the churches were still thronged with worshippers, the sacrament was taken often by increasing numbers, and God had prospered them. This, he believed, was largely due to the Church of England and other Christian churches, who had done their parts faithfully and well ; and God had blessed their efforts, so that they could still say they were a religious people. In the next place, the question, ' How much owest thou unto my Lord ?' came to them as individuals. In their prayer- book these duties were given them in detail, and he was greatly pleased at observing how heartily his congregation had joined in that beautiful thanksgiving prayer. With them, he thanked God for his creation, being one of those old-fashioned people who believed that God was the first great cause of all. He also thanked God for his preservation and for all the blessings of this life, but he thanked him above all— and here they took a higher stand— for redemption. They could look back upon the world as a great prison house, one time the scene of degradation, darkness and misery, peopled by wretched slaves fast bound in the chains of sin and death, having no hope of re- lease. But suddenly the door opens, a bright light shines around the prison, and the Redeemer stands on the threshold. Some of the prisoners look upon Him with contempt and scorn, but there are others who look upon him with love. He stands there and demands from justice the release of the prisoners, but justice says ' No, somoone must find a ransom, someone must pay the penalty.' Then Christ said that he would pay the penalty, and forthwith they see that men have taken Him and nailed him to a cross, where he suffers and dies in the room and stead of the prisoners. He comes again to the prison demanding the key and the release of the prisoners, with the plea that He has died for them and re- doomed them ; and this was tho grand fact referred to in tho prayer book in thanking God for their re demption. They also thankod God for tho means of grace, that thoy could moet to pray and worship un molestod, that thoy could continually celebrate tho sacrament of tho Lord's Supper and find refreshment for their souls. And also they thanked Him for tho hopo of glory. It was a groat comfort to the Christian to think in this world of trouble and turmoil and strife that for those who believed in God and faithfully servod Him tbero was not only hopo of glory but assurance of glory, lines Christ himself had obtained it for them. But let them look at tho other side of tho question, and thoy would ask if it was possible that they eould thank God for pain, God did permit bis oreatures to suffor pain, and those of thorn who wero called upon to visit tho sick chamber from which all light and comfort seemed shut out had frequently Been how tho sufferer had beon mado to thank God for his affliction, when through it he had been lod to booomo a follower of the Lord Jesus Christ. And tho same with bcroavomont, which was hard to boar, but tho voices of tlio dear ones takon could bo hoard calling them tff'corao up hither and leading thorn to fix their thoughts and affections upon a land that was bolter, brighter, purer than this, It seomed Btmngo also that they should havo oauso to thank God for Bin, which had brought so much misery into the world and nailed tho Son of God to tho accursed tree ; yot ho believed that at ono poriod of thoir existence thoy would thank God for sin, for in tho brighter and the purer world ho bo lievod the saints would bo higher than tho angels bo oauso thoy had fought with sin and gained tho victory through tho might of Christ ; and looking back upon tho timo of sin and troublo through whic thoy had passed thoir hoarts would bo filled with gratitudo to God through whoso graco thoy had con quered Bin and won tho immortal crown. And they could also thank God for doath, which would tor minato thoir warfare and open tho portals for thorn to bo for over with tho Lord. A quaint wntor had said that although it was possiblo for tho woaknxt to doprivo us of lifo, tho strongest could not dqirlvo us pf doath. In tho light o| thoso things, as tho juostion came to them ' How much owest thou unto my Lord?' they must sec that they owed to Him, whether as colonists or Christiana, more than they could pay. What then, realizing their obligations, was their duty ? First, then, they should give up themselves, body, soul and spirit, to that God who had givon Himself to die for them, henceforth to be His true and devoted servants. If they had done this or now determined to do it, he was sure they would work zealously in bringing other souls to Him. They were celebrating the centenary of tho colony, and an excellent movement had been made whereby the people of the Church of England could show their gratitude to God for His goodness to them. They should all remember that they were members to gether af this great colony and members also of this great Church ; and in making their thankofferinp.s they should remember that they were not merely members of tho congregation or tho parish but ot the diocese, and their gifts at this time (mould be specially to the Centennial Fund. They should try to remember their obligations to God who had bought them with a price, nnd he was sure they would then prove that they were sons and daughters worthy of the mighty Empire and the Colony and tho Church to which they belonged, and humble, teach able, loving followers of the Lord Jesua Christ.' In the evening a large congregation assembled to hear the Very Rev. Dean Marriott preach. The Dean took for his text Psalm C, d:— 'Enter into His gates with thanksgiving and into His courts with praise ; be thankful unto Him and bless hi3 name.' The reverend gentleman dealt with his subject in a masterly manner and rivetted the attention of bis audience, lie said that they had met, not only for public worship, but also to celebrate in a way befitting their Christian profession, the one hundredth birthday of our colony. What proportion of its full age of 100 year3 will prove to be, none could tell, but they hoped that it would be as Ies3 than one year to the whole life of an aged man. Under any circumstances the colony was in its youth, though none of his hearers were present at its birth. At the first it was ill-favored and of a bad constitution, but notwithstanding that, it wa3 now possessed of a well proportioned and improving physique, and sound constitution, upon which the parent and relations may well look with satisfaction. The good providonco of God had opened in a wonderful way the development of the resources, institutions, and population of the land, so that the people of New .South Wales might well respond to the invitation of the Psalmist. Blessings which they socially enjoyed required social acknowledgements, and mercies which were publicly bestowed demanded a public recogni tion. It was ' meet, right, and our bounden duty,' therefore, that as a people they should adore and magnify the Author of their national, domestic and individual privileges and prosperity. What should bo tho character of the Centennial celebration ? Speaking generally, it should be' an occasion of national and temperate rejoicing of the community as a whole, and of mon as individuals, in body, mind, and spirit. A thankful acknowledgement of the blessings vouchsafed in the past, including an out ward and liberal expression of the samo -, wise resolutions for future guidance should necessarily occupy the first place with Christian people. When considering some of tbo blessings which required their grateful recognition, they were called upon to ronder thanks to ' tho Author and Giver of every good gift' that they had enjoyed. They had had peace and freedom, and all tho happy fruits arising therefrom. Without peace and freedom, property was not safe and improvements of all kinds languished ; the smiles of comfort and the song of joy ceaeed. Humanity lost its benign influence over the hoarts of men whero the peace and freedom of a country wero destroyed. Even tbo kind voice of religion was lost in the din of strife, and hor benevolent hand was palsied by oppression. How blest then was their condition when compared with that of many of the older nations of the world, which wero burdened with tho support of enormous armies, and distressed by internal divisions and treasonable associations. In its pre servation from such evils, their country had hitherto been peculiarly favored by tho Almighty. How long this would be tho case they did not know, but they did know that His good Providence could restrain the provocations and injuries of misguided and designing powers : and that the way to deservo a continuance of their peace and freedom was to be grateful to God, and to use them wisely in the ad vancement of His glory, and the virtue and happi ness of their species. They were also called upon to render thanks and to give praise to God for their material prosperity, which was doubtless equal to that of any other community, and greater than of most. It was true that they had not in their midst the extremes of wealth and poverty which wore to bo found in somo countries, but they had a more general and equal distribution ot prosperity, which was a much safer condition. They had a splendid climate, and labor received generally a sure and sufficient reward. Tho Almighty was unwearied in this active munificence. ' Ho rides forth gloriously in the sun; Ho descends silently in the dew j by tho influence of His power He secretly fertilizes the earth,' that ' all things living may be filled with plenteousness.' Although they had sometimes suffered from extrrmes of climate, yot God had been vory bountiful to them, and had not loft Himself without witness. To abuse these bounties, or to receive them with in gratitude, would be to make themselvc3 utterly un worthy of them. The heathen offered to Cores— tho Jews waved their first fruits before Jehovah ; and unworthy indeed would they all bo to be called Christians, who felt no gratitude and expressed no praise, when tho Benevolent Creator had crowned tho century with his goodness. Anothor cause for thankfulness was that the moans of education were increased. Tho improvement of the higher faculties with which man was endowed was pleasant to bubold, and honorable to promote. Tho cultivation of mind and manners, the diffusion of knowledgo and civiliza tion, was a matter of primary consideration, and an important publio care. In spite of an extravagant expenditure for public instruction, every patriot must be thankful that the diffusion of knowledgo was so general, and the means of education of various grades: so extended and multiplied. The last and crowning blessing to which ho would call attention was an open Bible. All nations must possess some religion, and hippy wero they in having that religion whioh, by its divine truths, touched tho heart anil was the purest source of public virtuo, of order, of prosperity, and the only safe guido through this life to the next. The Gospel was tho greatest blessing which a God of infinite wisilow and lovo had given to this world. It camo to them in the dignity of its own simplicity and truth, without violenco to enforce its authority or explain its doctrines. Happy fur them, as a pooplo, would it bo i£ they built more nnd more on its sure foundations. Such were some of the blessings for which they had c.'.uso to be thankful at tho present time, and they might .veil say with tho Psalmist — ' How prcat is tho sum of them. Where with shall we acknowledge fitly His love ? ' They could do this by giving him their hearts, their services and their devoted lives, and willing offerings. While they had so much cause for thankfulness and praiso they had also ground for anxiety. Some amid their prosperity forgot God who gave them tho power to get the wealth they possessed, while others blasphemed His name, profaned his Sabbaths and neglected his laws. There was a growing tendency to yield to luxury and effominaoy ; and there was cause to fear that many woro more intent upon the pursuit of vain pleasure than upon securing a title to thnt ' inheritance which is incorruptible, and that fadcth not away,'1 and in which 'tlioro is fulnoss of joy and pleasure for evermore.' They should therefore remember that ' Righteousness cxalteth a nation, but sin is a reproach to any nation. 