We give the members of the Home steads League credit for their persis tency in the promulgation of their views. They evidently believe that placing a large number of families on small holdings is the proper way to benefit the working men, increase the population, and permanently enrich the colony. Conld we persuade our selves that the plan they advocate would be productive of good, we would join in the endeavor to hasten its accomplishment. But so thoroughly satisfied are we that the league is attempting to do what is impracticable and hurtful that we deem it our duty to urge working men to act with caution. The Homesteads League held its annual meeting on Monday last. It was not largely attended, and it is noticeable that the stanchestof its members are persons who practically know little or nothing of cultivating the soil. They therefore have no idea of the labor required on a homestead where the work has to be done by hand. As little knowledge have they, to all appearances, of the value of the annual produce, which, of course, wonld greatly depend on what the holders sought to produce, and the quality of the soil, and the situation. Under the most favorable circum stances we are satisfied that the league could not place a large number of families on small holdings with a ghost of a chance of their supporting them selves. The working men are not making a fuss over this matter. That is being done done by a wellinten tioned coterie who are trying to be friend the laboring classes. The way in which they agitate their pet scheme may tend to unsettle some and make them dissatisfied with their lot ; conse- . quently the league may actually be, doing harm instead of good. What we should like to see is a detailed statement showing the articles to be produced on these small blocks, toge ther with their average annual value — articles for which there was not a constant demand and ready sale to be excluded from the list. This would be a guide to all interested in the ques tion. The Hon. G. W. Cotton, in his annual report, refers to two cases, which must prove misleading, especially to persons who are strangers to the colony who may chance to read them. It says — 'The inspector found the husband an invalid, and his wife said that had it not been for their home on the block her husband must have been in the hospital and she and her five children in the Destitute Asylum.' It would have been more satisfactory to the public had the report given the size of the block, the situation, the labor bestowed upon it, and the return for the labor expended. Here we wish not to be misunder stood. We have never discouraged working men from providing them selves with a home in a locality where they are likely to obtain employment. When out of work these men may, and many oi tnem ao, mate comrortaoie places for themselves. But that is altogether different from what the league advocates. It would have hundreds of families placed on small blocks, to sustain themselves by what they produce. In the ordinary way of settlement there is no doubt that a proportion of the people will occupy small holdings. That natural and safe occupation is recognised by the Government, and blocks are available for those who may choose to make their abode on them. The other case mentioned to which we wish to refer is this — ' The wife was suffering from an incurable disease, but the husband by working on his block was able to maintain his family, and to attend to his sick wife also.' Here, again, we ought to have been told where the block is situated. It may be planted with fruit trees in bearing, and conta gious to a township where the produce can be disposed of. But the husband may have toiled on that block during his spare time for years ere it yielded much return. The way in which such cases are referred to, however, convey the impression that if a man can get a block of land he need be at no loss for a living. The Rev. A. Honner sub mitted a motion which of itself proves that the league is trying to foist on working men what they do not want. The motion is as follows : — ' That in consequence of the tardy recognition, both by the Government and the people, of the importance of establish ing over the colony settlements of working men's blocks/ it is needful that all working men should see that their names are duly registered and effect given at every election to their views upon this question.' If the working men wanted homestead blocks they would not need the pressure of the league to induce them to take the matter up, for they would soon make known their wants. The report also complains that the league has received but little pecuniary aid from the more intelligent portion of the community. That is evidence that the public mind is not in sympathy with the proposals of the league. The Rev. S. Knight mentioned that the London Times reported a meeting at St. Albans re commending the formation of a million two- acre fruit farms, the land to be bought by the Government, a cottage built, and trees found by the Govern ment, and the whole let at 2s 6d per week. These were designated 'per- fect homes.' No doubt these gardens were recommended for England. We know there are two-acre fruit gardens in this colony the produce of which last season would barely cover the 2s 6d weekly rent, and this season there are others little better. In a recent issue we called attention to the fact that the Government intended to remodel the House of Assembly electorates and make them one-member districts. In this we gave the members of the Ministry credit in advance for being actuated by a deBire to economise the public funds and do away with some of our superfluous legis lators ; but we now find that that idea was the very furthest from their thoughts, for the number of members, instead of being reduced, has really been increased by two. For what reason, therefore, the Bill was been introduced we are at a loss to know. The taxpayers are not in a humor to pay another £400 a year for nothing. Neither have the electors asked for it, and as the session is drawing to a close and there are a few important measures which require con sideration it would be a positive injustice to the colony to waste the time of the House in discussing the Bill. Besides, the pro posed alterations should remain be before the public for some time to allow of objections being made in cases where the divisions are unsuitable, for in matters of this kind Parliament must be largely guided by the expressed wishes of the people. The Bill was read a first time in the Assembly on Tuesday, and the Attorney-General inti mated that it would be pushed on as quickly as possible with the view of having it passed this session. It provides for the division of the colony into 54 districts, each to return one member. The intention of the Ministry is to have the Bill in operation by the next general elections. We publish in our local column the definitions of the districts in which the generality of our readers are interested, and it will be seen that the protest of the Snowtown electors has been effectual, for that place is now at tached to Clare. Had the Attorney-General introduced a measure having for ita object a reduction in the number of legislators and left the matter in abeyance to be discussed by the people until the next general elec tions, it would have been favorably received and the new divisions easily adjusted. However, it is not likely that the Govern ment proposal will be seriously considered this session ; but as most unlikely things happen sometimes, we would urge upon electors who are not satisfied with the par celling of the districts the necessity of at once making their voices heard in the matter. One measure that requires to be pushed forward is that relating to munici pal Corporations. By section 126 of the District Councils Act of 1887 all license fees, &c;, have passed to Councils since June 30 last. The Treasurer, -when that measure was before the House pledged him self to bring in a Bill for Corporations under which those bodies would receive similar fees. The Bill has been introduced, but it is in some respects objectionable, and on Tuesday the Treasurer, in reply to Sir E. T. Smith, said he could not say when the second reading would be moved, it entirely depending upon the progress made with the Crown Lands Bill. But there is also the Electoral Districts Bill. It comes into existence at the eleventh hour, and is to be nourished and brought to maturity while the Corporations Bill and other measures are delayed. Those hon. members who spoke on the subject of the proposed new electorates appear to be of the same opinion as ourselves — that the people should be given ample time to consider the matter — and it is probable that the Bill will be dis cussed and adjourned alternately until the session closes. Postal Matters. — A short time ago a petition was sent to the Postmaster-General asking that a mail might be dispatched and received by the express train to and from Broken Hill, and Mr. Todd has replied in the following terms : — " I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your com munication that a mail might be dispatched and received by the express train from Broken Hill. I would inform you that I am unable to comply with your request, as the express train does not stop at Saddle worth." This is rather a thin excuse, as it does not require any great engineering skill to bring a train to a standstill, and the delay is not worth mentioning. Aemagh School Picnic. — The annual picnic in connection witb^the above school took place on Friday, October 26. The weather was delightfully fine, and there was a strong muster of juveniles. The floral display was not equal to that of last year, but the show of flags was very imposing. After perambulating the picturesque village the children assembled on the school ground, where a distribution of cafce, oranges, and other good things was con ducted by Mrs. W. Creasy and Miss Gordon, who afterwards ably assisted in making ample amusement for the young people. Meeting at Rochester. — A meeting was held at the Rochester Hotel on Satur day last to consider the advisableness of holding sports during the Christmas holi days. A good number of persons interested were present, and a strong Committee was formed to carry out the object of the meet ing. Clabe Rainfall.— The following shows the rainfall in New Clare during the years and months named, in inches: — 1884\. 1885. 1886. 1887. 1888. Jan. . . 1.355 0.525 0.710 0.270 0.220 Feb. .. 0.000 1.400 0.000 0.655 0.000 March.. 2.435 0.450 0.000 0.275 1.100 April .. 1.945 1.560 1.220 4.305 0.495 May .. 4.675 1.925 1.275 1.660 2.495 June .. 4.660 2.900 0.645 5.600 3.565 July .. 0.460 1.935 2.480 3.485 4.195 Aug. .. 1.530 2.215 4.370 2.090 2.000 Sept. .. 4.205 2.275 1.660 4.050 1.505 Oct. .. 1.660 2.185 1.985 4.400 0.370 Nov. .. 0.575 O.300 1.360 2.125 Dec. .. 1.580 1.590 0.900 1.020 25.080 19.260 16.605 29.935 15.945 Buggy Accident. — On Monday last Mr. Caddy, a commercial traveller, was driving to Clare from Farrell's Flat, when he met with a mishap. It appears that the reins got under the horse's tail and caused it to bolt. The occupant escaped unhurt, but the trap was badly injured and had to be left on the road until the following morn ing, when it was brought into Clare for repairs. The Pilbington Mining Ventube.— On Tuesday last we had an opportunity of visiting this mine, which is situated about a mile north of Mintaro. Two men are em ployed there sinking the shaft, and they are down some distance in a lode about three feet wide, containing ferruginous quartz, iron pyrites, and a little manganese. As depth is being attained the lode, which is between two elate walls, appears to be widening, and for the sake of the promoters and the district it is to be hoped that the venture will turn out a success. Travelling- Allowances. — On Tues day, October 30, a return at the instance of Mr. Hopkins, M.P., was laid before the As sembly giving information of the amount of travelling allowances received by police officers from January 1, 1883, to January 1, 1888, as follows : — Inspector Saundera re ceived £512 5s ; Inspector Hunt, £217 18s 4d ; Inspector Woodcock, £215 10a ; Sub Inspector Shaw, £198 Is; Sub-Inspector Rollison, £363 19a 2d ; and Sub- Inspector Field, £513 11s ; total, £2,021 5s 2d. Suicide op a Young Woman. — A telegram in the Segistert dated from River ton October 30, reports the following ead case: — An inquest was held at Giles's Corner to-day by Mr. James Kelly, acting as coroner, and Mr. R. Cadd, as foreman of a jury of 12, on the body of Flora Oer mann, single woman, aged 25, who was found drowned on the evening before in the dam at Marocara. Her mother had only left her two minutes, and when returning found her daughter delivered of a child and the daughter missing. She searched for her, and the son found the body in eight feet of water in the dam. A verdict was returned that the deceased drowned herself while in an unsound state of mind. The Clabe Mayoral Chaie. — On Wednesday last a requisition signed by over 60 ratepayers was presented to Mr. W. Kelly, J.P., Mayor, in the Town Hall, Clare, asking him to allow himself to be again nominated for the position of Mavor for the ensuing year. Mr. Kelly, in an ap propriate speech, acceded to the request of the requisitionists. The Weather and the Chops. — The prevailingdrought is the topic of theday, and rain is anxiously looked for. The dry weather has had a damaging effect on the crops, and they are getting from bad to worse for the want of moisture. A good soaking rain wonld assist to fill out the ears in this dis trict, but in any case the average yield will not be large. Cable News. — The following London telegrams are from the Adelaide dailies : — A plot for the murder of the Czar of Russia has just been discovered by the police. His Majesty was engaged on a visit to the town of Kubaie, and every means had been taken to afford him a loyal welcome. Just aa he appeared on the scene the attention of the police was attracted by the movements of a person clothed in the uniform of an officer of Cossacks. This person was arrested, when it was found that he was a Nihilist in diBguise, and that in his possession were explosives of a dangerous 'character. — General MacQueen, in command of the Black Mountain expedition, has succeeded in crushing the Hazaras tribes and in reducing them to submission. The demand is now made that the British forces should be recalled, and this demand is supported by the English Press. — It is reported that Stanley and all his followers except two have been massacred. — The trial of McKill, for the murder of King in a railway carriage on his return from Australia, has been held, when the jury returned a verdict of not guilty. — A great landslip occurred on the Naples-Brindisi railway yesterday (October 21). An excursion train passing at the time was set on fire. The greatest confusion prevailed, and it was found on examination that 90 passengers had been killed and 50 more or less seriously injured. — Notwithstanding Presi dent Cleveland's suggestion the American Treasury has decided to authorise its officers throughout the States to exclude all Chinese laborers, whether they could or could not piove that they were on passage from China when the Chinese Exclusion Bill became law. — Prince Bismarck is preparing for sub mission to the Powers interested in the development of East Africa a scheme which he asserts will restore the prestige of the Sultan of Zanzibar. His aim is to increase the power of the Sultan and to raise him above the level of the minor potentates in the neighborhood. He would accomplish this aim by uniting all the Powers in terested in Africa in a strong crusade against the slave trade, which, if successful, would destroy the power of men like Tippoo Tib, whose alliance has now to be sought by European expeditions, and whose influence overshadows that of the Sultan. — The total quantity of wheat afloat is 2,219,000 quarters. Australian wheat, ex warehouse, is worth 42s fid to 43s. A Pbesent fbok the Late Kaiseb Wilhelm, — About two years ago the officers of the Lutheran Church at Blyth wrote to the Emperor William, and asked him if he would give a souvenir to the church. The Emperor ordered a bell to be cast, which was done at Hiidiesheim. The bell was sent out by the German steamer, which arrived last week. The bell is 2 ft. 6 in. in diameter, and weighs 375 lb. On it is inscribed in German — ' Present from his Majesty Emperor William to the Lutheran congregation at Blyth, South Australia, 1887.' Besides, there is the first line of a German hymn, and the name of J. P. Niquet, the paetos of the church. — Register. Vehicle Accident. — On Thursday last Mr. H. Boschert, a farmer of Lochiel, was driving a spring cart through Port Wake field, when the horse swerved suddenly round a corner, throwing the occupant on to the hard road and fractured his skull. Vital Statistics. — The Upper Wake Geld District Registrar reports having regis tered 6 births (5 female) for the month of September. Deaths, nil. New Electoral Distbicts Bill. — This Bill was introduced in the Assembly on Tuesday last by the Attorney-General, and its first reading was assented to. The object of the measure is to divide the colony into 54 districts, each returning one member. The following are some of the proposed divisions i — Kapunda — Town of Kapunda and Districts of Kapunda and Bel videre. Riverton — Districts of Gilbert, Saddleworth, Rhynie, and Upper Wake field. Wooroota — Town of Port Wake field, Districts of Balaklava, Dalkey, Alma Plains, Hall, and Districts of Port Wake field, exclusive of the Hundred of Cameron. Clare — Town of Clare and districts of Clare, Hutt and Hill Rivers, Blyth, Stanley, and Snowtown. Burra— Town of Burra, Dis tricts of Burrs, Apoinga, Hanson, Mount Bryan, and all County Burra not included in any district. Eudunda — Districts of Hamilton, Wallaroo, Julia,- English, Neales, and Morgan, County of Hamley, and all County Young not included in any district. Tanucda — Districts of Angaston, Tanunda, North Rhine, Truro, and Blanchetown, County Alfred, and County Albert not in cluded in any district. Moonta — Town of Moonta, District of Kadina south of Wal laroo and Port Wakefield railway, and west of portion of Hundred of Kulpara, in cluding lighthouse on Tipara reef. Wal laroo — Towns of Wallaroo and Kadina, Hundred of Cameron, Districts of Kulpara, Ninnes, and all District of Kadina not in cluded in the Electoral District of Moonta. Maitland — Town of Maitland, Districts of Yorke Peninsula and Clinton, and including Wauraltee Island. Pirie — Town of Port Pirie, and Districts of Crystal Brook and Broughton. Gladstone — Towns of Glad stone and Laura, and Districts of Booyoolie, Gladstone, and Georgetown. Terowie — Town of Jamestown, Districts of Booboo rowie, Spalding, Belalie, Terowie, Hallett, and all District of Caltowie included in Hundred of Caltowie. Germein. — District of Port Germein, portions of the Districts of Davenport and Wilmington, included in the Hundreds of Winninowie, Gregory, and Willowie, and District of Caltowie not in cluded in Electoral District of Terowie. Petersburg — Town of Petersburg, Districts of Yongaia and Coglin, portions of Counties Kimberley and Herbert not included in any district, portion of the province north of the Counties of Young and Hamley, east of the Counties of Kimberley, Herbert, and Lytton, and south of a true east line from north-east corner of County Lytton to east boundary of province. Orroroo — Districts of Orroroo and Eurelia, Counties Lytton and Derby, and all County Glanville not included in any district. A Legislatob in Pyjamas. — It is said that during last week an energetic M.P., who was on bis way to Melbourne in the interest of the colony, got out at Serviceton for the purpose of inspecting some of the new buildings, and as he had prepared to retire for the night previous to reaching that station he had undressed and had attired himself in his pyjamas. His in spection occupied rather longer than he in tended, and when he was about to return he had the mortification of seeing the train moving out of the station. He struck an attitude, and was heard to exclaim in dramatic style, ' Ate you aware of the im portance of my mission ? They dare not proceed without me.' But they did. A few minutes afterwards one of South Aus tralia's only orators stood at the door of the stationmaster's office, and demanded a special train, but the official was unmoved, and even when asked, ' Do you know who I am f' did not evince any strong desire to be satisfied on this point. And when the information was volunteered a few seconds afterwards he informed the M.P., with all the assurance attaching to a Victorian rail way official, that there would be another train going on the next day. — Wallaroo Times. Suicide at Gladstone. — We learn that Ellen Sergeant, a servant residing at the Bank of South Australia, Gladstone, committed suicide on Thursday, November 1 by shooting herself with a revolver. An inquest was held in the evening. Kybunga School. — On Thursday last Mr. E. C. Rix, Chairman of the Clare School Board of Advice, forwarded a peti tion from residents of Kybunga to the Minister of Education, asking for two addi tional rooms at the above school for the accommodation of the teacher and children, as at present the space is inadequate. Aububn Rainfall. — The following is the rainfall registered at the Auburn tele graph station during the years and months named, in inches : — 1884\. 1885. 1886. 1887. 1888. Jan. .. 1.730 0.610 1.540 0.130 0.250 Feb. .. 0.000 1.750 0.040 0.370 0.010 March.. 1.820 0.540 0.070 0.520 0.180 April .. 1.650 0.640 1.270 1.530 0.290 May .. 3.626 1.690 1.470 1.910 3.340 June .. 5.300 3.000 0.450 5.460 3.670 July .. 0.420 1.640 1.690 2.920 5.640 Aug. .. 1.886 2.640 4.000 2.300 2.320 Sept. .. 3.350 2.060 1.730 3.200 1.590 Oct. .. 1.810 1.980 2.570 3.670 0.310 Nov. .. 1.290 0.230 1.280 2.740 Dec. .. 2.020 1.670 0.750 0.730 24.890 18.450 16.860 25.480 17.600 Entertainment at Watebvale. — By a notice in our business columns it will be seen that an entertainment will be given in the Foresters' Hall, Watervale on Monday, November 5, in aid of the new proscenium. ' Major and Miner,' a new domestic drama, will be staged and performed by the leading amateur talent of the North. Miss Hhein hardt, of Adelaide, is engaged to sing, and Mr. J. J. Duncan, M.P., will undertake the opening ceremony. Received. — A copy of the Dawn for October — a monthly publication printed in Sydney in the interest of ladies. 