CURRENT TOPICS. The attention of advertisers and sub scribers is again directed to the announce ment in onr advertising columns with reference to the holiday arrangements in this office. The Chronical will be issued on Friday morning, 30th inst-, in lieu of Saturday, 31st inst., and advertise ments to be inserted in next issue should reach this office before 6 p.m. on Thurs day. There will be no issue of this journal on Wednesday, 4th April. The autumn show of the Hampden and Heytesbury Horticultural Society will be held to-day in the Mechanics' Hall. The show, it is anticipated, will be a great success, both as regards the quantity and quality of the exhibits. The number-of entries is greatly above the average. Tbe season has been extremely favorable for fruit, and it is expected there will be a magnificent show in that section. There will be several new exhibitors from the forest country, which, for perhaps the first time in the existence of the society, will be fairly represented. The entries for the special prizes offered by patrons of the society, are fairly numerous, and there are altogether signs of progress. According to the regulations exhibits will not be received in the hall later than 11 o'clock this morning, at which hour judging will be commenced. The stewards are expected to be in attend ance from an early hour to assist in the task of allotting space, and placing the exhibits. The public will be admitted from 2 p.m. to 5 p.m., and from 7.30 till 10 p.m. Selections of instrumental music will be rendered during the even ing by members of the Camperdown Musical Association. As there is no counter attraction in this district on Easter Monday, the Terang Athletic Sports meeting is likely to draw a large number of visitors from Camper down. A suggestion has been made that in order to develop traffic, a special train should be run between Camperdown and Terang on that day. There is a spare engine stabled at Terang, and if no better accommodation is obtainable, a few trucks could be used for the day. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Hampdenshire Council will be held on Wednesday, 4th April, at the usual place and time. The attention of, our Scotch readers, and indeed of all sections of the community, is regar gard to the lecture to be given in the Presbyterian Church, on Wednesday, April 4th, by the Rev. Dr. Marshall Lang, of Barony Church, Glasgow.The subjec of the lecture is"Heroes and Heroism."Dr. Lang, who has been officiating at Scotts Church, Melbourne, with great acceptance for some time past, is recognised as one of the ablest ot Scotch divines. He is returning shortly to Glas gow in order to resume his duties at, the historic Barony Church, and no other op portnnity of heariug him will probably be afforded the residents of Camperdown. and district, after next Wednesday night. The Leura cricket club and the South Purrumbete C.C will meet on Good Friday on the ground of the latter. The visitors will depart from Stansmore's stables in a drag on Friday at 10 am; -The team to represent the Leura will be selected from the following players:—Allpress, Flowers, Morris, Upton (2), Ford, Pilkington, Walls, Greig, Raw bon, Wilson, Harrison; Henderson,. Walker, Hudson, Jackson. Some additions are about to be made to the local post and. telegraph offices at Camperdown, and it has been found necessary to make other arrangements for the transaction of telegraphic business. The shop in Church street, opposite the post office, has been rented from the Messrs Webb, and will be used as the telegraph office until the additions are completed. The weather during the week has been fine, and judging from the appearance of the barometer there is every possibility of it continuing so over the Easter holidays. Farmers and graziers are anticipating a further downpour, in order to help on the growth of grass, which took a wonderful spring upward after the last seasonable rains. The members of the survey party now engaged in making a trial survey of the line from Camperdown to Lintons, have suspended work until after the Easter holidays. Operations will be resumed in a fortnight's time. The Rev. J.. Chenhall, resident Bible Christian minister in Camperdown, leaves for Castlemaine this week. He preached his farewell sermon on Sunday evening, when there was a good congregation. There was a farewell tea and public meet- ing held last night in the church, at which suitable valedictory addresses were given. Many statements have been made with regard to the amount given, on behalf of the Melbourne syndicate, for Gnotuk estate, the property of Mr. R. D. Scott. We are reliably informed that the exact ] figure was £28 10s. The intentions of the buyers with regard to the disposition of the property have not yet been made fully | known . Yalesttse's Minstrel and ' Burlesque Company is announced to perform in the Mechanics'. Hall to morrow night: En tertainments of the kind are generally well patronised in Camperdown, and no doubt the company to appear on the stage to-morrow night will be met with a good house. The promoters of the Cobden Cheese Factory Company are not allowing grass to grow under their feet Applications have been made for 700 out of the 2000 shares proposed to be issued to the public The prospectus will be printed and is sued in due course. The company should be successfully floated, as similar under takings in less favorably situated parts of the colony have proved highly profitable to all concerned. Eleven tenders were received on Mon day for the construction of the line of railway from Ballarat to Buninyong. The lowest, was that of Messis. Lewis and Roberts for £34,825 0s 8d. Tbe same firm was successful in securing tho engine sheds at Ballarat, for £23,255 17s 3d, which was the lowest but of eight tenders received for the work. The length, of the Ballarat and Buninyong line is 6? miles 52 chains. The earthworks for such a short line are heavy, comprising 240,000 cubic yards of earth, besides which the contrac tors will have to fill up all the old gold workings inside the fences. There are 16 bridges and 33 culverts. The work is to be finished by 30th November, 1888. The charge against Mounted-Constable Armfield, of Birregurra, of criminally as saulting a young girl at Lorne, will be in vestigated at the Colac Police Court to morrow. Armfield has been suspended from duty and is at present under surveil lance at the police barracks, Geelong. In addition to the holiday arrangements previously notified it is further announced that on Tuesday, April 3, all post and telegraph offices will be open, and business carried on as usual, with the exception of money order and sayings bank business, which will not be transacted. The annual meeting of the Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society was held on Monday. The directors report pre sented exceptionally gratifying results. For the past twelve months 4392 policies were issued, assuring £1,4oo,786. There was an increase in the premium income of £42,346.The income for nine months from all sources was £190,786. , Friday, 30th.March, Saturday, 31st March, Monday,2nd April, and Tuesday 3rd April, will be observed as public and bank holidays. ' A young fellow was brought before the Hamilton police court, on Friday (reports the Spectator), on a charge of horse-steal ing, and committed for trial. At the same court, he pleaded guilty to a charge of stealing a saddle, and was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, with hard labor. This youth, though not yet 15 years of age, had several previous con victions recorded against him. On the 2nd February last, he, under the name of George Smith, was sentenced to two months' imprisonment; with hard labor, for stealing a violin and case ; on the 8th of March he was sent to gaol for one month, with hard labor, for stealing a saddle; and on the same day he got another month for the larceny, of a pair of buggy winkers. In the two latter cases he appeared as ''Geo. Smith," alias "Mullen.". "He was awaitiug his trial on a separate charge of horse-stealing when he came before the Hamilton bench this time as ''James Mullen"alias "Wilson." How society is to deal with such a young scoundrel is one of the difficult questions of the times. A great demand exists for the self pouring tea-pots, the Melbourne agents for which are Messrs. Burstall and Co., merchants, Melbourne. The advantages claimed for the patent are, that it is a labor-saving device, and that it is an ap pliance for brewing tea. This self-pouring action is due to pneumatic pressure exer cised on the tea by a special form of lid, forming in reality a cylinder and piston This cylindrical lid slides within the body of the pot. A non-conduct ing knob is fixed to the cylinder, hav ing a small hole through it to act as an air inlet. To pour out the tea the cylin der is drawn up, allowing the air to enter through the hole in the knob. By closing this hole with the finger and exercising a gentle pressure, the tea can be poured out with the utmost ease. Two Cororooke farmers named Beattie and Moore, lost their tent by fire on Saturday last. The sum of £50, in notes, which had been drawn from the bank to pay the rent due, and placed under the pillow for safety was destroyed. The business people of Colac have notified through the local press their in tention to close their premises on Friday Saturday and Monday next The by-law adopted by the Shire of Hampton, nlsttmw to rstablio ssßaltm. im The promised visit by the D.O/Jfcf Rev. R. K. Mackay, to Camperdown, under the auspices of the local Kechabite tent, is likely to fall through. The tent secretary, Mr. J. M. Dillon, has received word to the effect that as Mr. Mackay will be leaving Warrnambool next month he will not be able to redeem his promise. We learn from the Standard that the rev. gentleman has accepted a call to take charge of the recently-formed church at Broken Hill, which hewas in strumental in opening, and will enter into his new sphere of duties next month The district generally, and the temper ance party more particularly, will sustain a great loss in the projected departure of Mr. Mackay. In St. Paul's Church of England on Good Friday, the usual services will be held morning and evening. On Easter Day Holy Communion will be adminis tered at 8 a.m., and after morning prayer. The morning service will commence as usual at 11 a.m., and the evensong and sermon at 7. p.m. The Rev. R.T. Cummins, canon of Christ Church, Bal larat, will officiate at the latter, if his other engagements will permit. The ser vices at Scott's Creek will commence at 3 p.m., and at St. Mary's Chnrch, Cobden, at 7 p.m. - The quarterly meeting of the.Mortlake and Terang circuit was held on Monday afternoon in the Wesleyan church, Terang.The Re V. B. W. Heath occupied the chair, and,representatives from this, varions places in tha circuit were also present.The financial statement pre sented by the circuit stewards showed that the income exceeded the expenditure by £12 11s 6d. Reference was made to the departure of the Rev. R. H. Crook, and Mr. Wm. Holtham, to new spheres of labor, and a resolution expressing the thanks of the meeting for their past services|and wishing them every success, was carried with acclamation. Satisfaction was expressed at the re-appointment of the chairman to the circuit, and the meeting congratulated him on the success of the past year's work. It was intimated that the Rev. G. G. Proctor, of Belfast, had accepted the offer of the circuit to labor at the Camperdown end. Several other matters having been attended to, a very profitable meeting was brought to a close by singing and prayer. The Rev. R. H. Crook preached his farewell sermon in the Wesleyan Church, last Sunday evening, to a crowded congre gation, all the available space being fully occupied. The rev. gentleman delivered an able discourse from the words, "The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all, Amen." During the course of his remarks he re ferred to the existence in the Divine Being of a Trinity in Unity, and explained in detail the three features of the text, viz.—( l) the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, (2) the love of God, (3, the com munion of the Holy' Ghost. The rev. gentleman, left Camperdown for his new sphere of labor, Cooryong and Cudgewa, on Tuesday morning. By advertisement in another column Mr. F. Rae invites the rent paying portion of the community to stop and think of the advisability of securing homes of their own, as he has some building sites for sale in Camperdown and Cobden on easy terms. Our townsmen, Messrs. J. Wiggins, M'Allister and Stansmore, the contractors for the Dunolly and Inglewood line, are rendering themselves exceedingly popular in that district. The agricultural show was held at Dunolly last week, in connection with which the contractors granted special railway privileges. The local journal refers to the matter in the following com plimentary terms:—The train from Tar nagulla, provided with such generosity by Messrs.-M'Allister, Stansmore and Co., contractors for the Dunolly to Inglewood line, brought a great influx of people from Tarnagulla, Murphy's Flat. As Mr. Wiggins, a member of the firm of contrac tors, himself superintended the arrange ments, and every one was delighted with his courtesy and kindness He came with the train, and returned with it, to see that all was right, and gave every assistance and attention. Mr. Wiggins and the other members of the firm deserve every credit for their extreme thoughtfillness and liberality, and for their continual desire to assist all local movements. As we have already said, those of them known among us have won golden opinions; and the act of Wednes day intensifies the good feeling which they have called forth. At the banquet the toast of their health was drunk with enthusiasm, and every one joins in wish ing them success. The arrivals by this train were variously estimated at from two to three hundred, at all events a very considerable assistance to the funds of the society, through the liberality of Messrs. M'Allister, Stanmore and Co. At the present time fish are very plentiful in Curdies' River, and bream weighing up to 2 1/2lbs have been recently caught. .The fishing (reports the Standard) is said to be better now than it has been for ten years, as there is no illegal netting going on, a fact to be attributed in a great measure to the energy of Constable Jones. At Mr. J. Irvine's Peterborough House there are a large number of visitors who, through the fine weather recently, have had ample opportunity to enjoy them selves. The roads are now in very good condition. An Argiis telegram from Traralgon re ports that an important movement has been started by two local landholders for snagging the Latroben River, the rich flats of which from Moe to its mouth are periodically flooded, to the great loss of the owners. Having in view the large amount of money which the Government is expending in water supply for the arid districts of the north, it is held that the owners of flooded lands are equally en titled to consideration. The promoters of the movement have decided to call a public meeting to discuss the project. On Wednesday, notice of action was served on Mr. George William Osburne, the ostensible proprietor of the Belfast Gazette, claiming £1000 damages at the suit of councillor Robert Ireland, mayor of Port Fairy, for publishing a false scandalous, defamatory, and malicious libel about him in reference to certain proceedings he deemed it necessary to take in connection with the half-holiday movement. The libel, says the Herald, was contained in a anonymous letter published in defendant's newspaper signed "A Commercial Traveller." A legal means of checking the dishon esty of that class of racecourse harpies known as "welchers" has now (says the Geelong Advertiser)been fairly established. At the Supreme Court on Friday two young men named respectively Stephen Weston and Richard Lawson, who suc ceeded in victimises a couple of sporting men at the Queenscliff races on the 8th February, were arranged on a charge of larceny by fraud. The cases were the first of the kind tried in the colony, and the proceedings were brought under the provisions of an old English statute. The offences were clearly proved, and the ac cused were each sentenced to three months' imprisonment. His Honor ex pressed an intention of making the sen tences light, in consequence of it being the first occasion on which legal cognis ance was taken of the offence in question. A Western district correspondent writes : —Native bears are very scarce in most partsof this district, having probably retired for a time into the depths of the forest along the foot Old faaoda con sider this to be a liga of the approach of ma aouMally «* a*d •tamj wafer j* ■'-""The instillation of the office- l>earti*i,t the' Warrion Lodge. 2010, E.C.. Cola' took place at tho Lodge Rooms on Fridiy when the_ following were appointed til tho ensuing term:—Bro. R. J. He... W.M.; Bro. C. R. Tulloh. S\V -Bm E. M. Fbrbes, J.W.; Bro. H. M. Hetn' secretary; Bro. 11. Davison, treuurtr' Bro. J. G. Johnstone, S.D.; Brn. 0 Jl' Turner, J.D.; Bro. W. L«e, J.u -f).,,' W. Johnstone, Tyler. By the last English mail, we (Adver- tiser) learn, Mr. John Raddenberry, curator of the Geelong Botanical Gardens received intimation that on the 14th Feb- ruary he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Horticultural Society of England. This distinction is an honor not indis- criminately conferred, so that Mr. Rad- denberry may be congratulated upon be- ing elected to a distinguished position. Two accidents occurred on the rail*,, works oq Friday (reports tha Statidarf) John Munro, a ganger on the Terang to Warrnambool - line, was engaged upon some blasting operations near Pantnure when a charge of powder exploded unei! pectedly, and his clothes ignited. Tier were almost completely burned, and t sum of £22 in notes, which Munro had in one of his pockets, was destroyed. Th» sufferer was conveyed to the Wan. nambool hospital,' and it was found that he waa badly burned about the neck arms, hands, and side. The injuries are not of a Bcrioua nature, however. Tbe second accident occurred to William Bill, who was enpHged as a drier on the Warr. nambool to Koroit line. Ho fell from fait dray, and one of the wheels passed over his ankle. His injuries consist of severe contusions. A bumob to the effect that Miss Alice Rees Ijad died recently in San Francisco has been circulated in this city (reporti thoAryi(s); but as far as inquiries show it has no foundation. Letters hare been constantly received from Madame Alice Rees Vogrich by her relations. Thois by tbe last mail described her as being in perfect health and spirits,- living in New York, and contemplating with her hus band a visit to Loudon in the spring. Tho origin of the rumor has been traced to a private source in Sydney. Me. F. D. Fairar, clerk of petty tea. sions has been appointed a commissioner of the.Supreme Court of the colony of Victoria; Mb, H. A. Halliday, formerly of C«m down' ia gazetted to be receiver and pay master and a collector of imposts at Boort, Mb. J. Thornton has the Hampden hotel for private sale. Tenders are returnable to-n arrow for additions to the post office, Colac Texdebs are returnable on 2od April for the erection of a cottage at Cobrico. _ Mb. F. Rae invites tenders for ploughing, 23 acres of land at North Furrumbete. Mb. J. Hyland holds his monthly sale of live stock, Ac, at Mortiake,. ou Thursday, 12th inst. ; ... Tenders are returnable on Saturday, April 7, for tbe erection of __the Port Camp. bell free library ball. Plans snd specifics tions can be seen at this office. Mb, John Nelson will hold a clearing tile of farm implements and stock at Basin Banli, on Wednesday, 11th March, under instruc tions from tbe executors of the late Mr. John M'Donald." 