? FOOTBALL. SA/TUHDAY, 11TH AUGUST. Carlton r. Port Melbourne.—On the Melbourne Cricket Ground. Field umpire, J. Shaw; goal umpires, II. Turpenny, J. Harry. South Melbourne v. Jiallarat Imperial.—On the South Melbourne Cricket Ground. Field umpire, W. Johnston ; goal umpires, E. Fitzgerald, A. Wilson. St. Hilda 11. Richmond.—On the St. Ivilda Cricket Ground. Field umpire, J. Trait; goal umpires, G. Heron, W. GueBt. Geclono i>- Footscrai/.—kt Geelong. Field umpire, H. Wilson ; goal umpires, T. M'Inerney, H. Drew. WilHamstnwn v. South Ballarat—On the Williamstown Cricket Ground. Field umpire, J. Thewhs; goal umpires, E. Bart- ass, H. Hems. Melbourne v. University.— On the University Cricket Ground. Field umpire, J. Kennedy; goal umpires, T. Malouey, H. O'Bevn. Vitzroy v. North Melbourne. — V, Korth Melbourne. Field umpire, P. H. Hoy ; goal umpires, J. Rickards, M. Little. lierwiclc v. I)andcnon(j.—kt Dandenong. Field umpire, J. Morris; goal umpires appointed on the ground. THE Grand National, not of Aintree, but of Flemington is the principal theme of discourse under the heading of "Olla Podrida" this week, and the meeting of Saturday last was indeed a " Grand National " in everv sense of the term. The threatening viBitation from Jupiter Pluvius held off till the afternoon, when occasional light showers fell, but the cold, piercing wind was something to be remembered, and those ladies who had thoughtfully provided themselves with 'cosy furs enjoyed a considerable advantage over those who had not "draped" themselves more in accordance with the season. Then of the attendance. there were Governors galore present naval and military officers, public and distinguished men from all the colonies, to say nothing of the hundreds of Centennial visitors from all parts of tne world. 'Tissaid that figurers can be made to prove anything but after all nothing can be made more reliable than figures when you come to estimate the attendance on a racecourse. Then the the following figures furnished by the railway " Babbage " will give us some idea of the number that put in an appearance on SaturdayIn 1887 the passengers carried numbered 10,221; revenue received, £1GG2 18s ; on Saturday, passengers carried, 17,004 ; revenue received, £2903 15s. 6d. Thus, anyone whose special weakness is figures can see for himself that on (Saturday 7382 more people went by rail than in 1887, and that the extra revenue received totalled the respectable sum of £1240 17s. Od. THE ground, although rather soft, (and in favour of the light weights), was in good going order. Turn we now to the racing, which was of a truth fully equal to the great occasion. Appropriately enough, this commenced with the Maiden Hurdle Race, the most interesting feature in connection with which was the fact that amongBt the eight competitors was Boolka, once one of the fastest horses in training, and Recall once thought good enough to win a Melbourne or Caulfield Cup. Directly, however, it became known that Watson, who generally rides for the owner of Boolka, would have the mount on Bonnie Chester, the latter became very warm iu the betting, but not a few pinned their faith and cash on Resign (late Simon), who had the benefit of the services of Corrigan. Neither of the Ballarat pros, were, however, in it, as Recall came to grief at the first obstacle, and Corrigan's mount appeared resigned to|his fate, as he never made an effort to get near his horses—outpaced all the way. Boolka rattled along in fine style, and, leading almost from the first hurdle, sailed home an easy winner in front of Digby.Grand and Bonnie Chester. The victory of Boolka was essentially a popular one, as his owner, Mr. S. Miller, is one of the very few who invariably run to win, and many were the wishes expressed that this would not be the last victory achieved by horses carrying the colours of the Master of the Findon Harriers. LITTLE can be said about the Maiden SteeplechaBB, for which the gentle public thought they had the correct pea inMylock, but he shaped very awkwardly at his fences, and was, moreover, beaten for pace by the Gtppslander, Sir FyanB, who finished some six lengths m front of him. The winner should see a better day, aB ho is by Smuggler (or Silence), once the property of Mr. C. B. Fisher, from the dam of Cruiser, who. it will he remembered, ran exceedingly well in the colours of Mr. Goyder. THESE two minor events were, however, only a sort of appetiBer to the Grand National Hurdle Race, with its handsome bonus of 1000 sovs. Although the starters only numbered thirteen, quality more than made amends for quantity. First and foremost came one of the greatest racehorses we ever Baw—the mighty Malua. Winner of a Melbourne Cup, Australian Cup, Adelaide Cup and Newmarket Handicap, it certainly seemed rather degrading that he be asked to try his powers at the "illegitimate gaine." The son of St. Albans and Edella did not certainly show the same polish as when he stalled off Commotion and Plausible for the Melbourne Cup, but he looked well and hearty, and as he was said to be a "natural jumper," the clever party behind him were very sanguine about his chances. Then amongst the other starters was the Yeoman, who won last year, The Victim and Frolic, winners at the late Caulfield meeting, Leroy, a late winner at Bowes' Tattersalls Meeting, St. Louis, who many a time and oft has shown a great dash of foot on the flat, besides which came Quicklight, Yarraman and Boolka. Thus the field was a very gcod one—equal to the occasion. For once the layers of odds opened their hearts, as 3 and 4 to 1 could be readily obtained about Malua, whilBt 7"B and 8's was the market price about The Yeoman, Frolic and St. Louis. The race was a rattling one all through, Quicklight, Oxford a.nd Lord Harry alternatelymaking the runnvng, Malua being ridden a waiting race nearly all the way. Half-a-mile from home he was last, but Mr. Inglis then began to go up and at the distance he was just behind The Yeoman and The Victim. It was a pretty sight to see the three take the IaBt hurdle almost simultaneously, hut once safely over the obstacle Mr. Inglis let the gallant bay have his head, and coming with a brilliant run, he eaBily landed the Grand National Hurdle Race of 1888 from The Yeoman and The Victim. Needless to say, the victory was a popular one. By his victory Malua has thus emulated the doings of Dawn of Day, SUBBBX, Sir Peter, RheBue, Duration, Don Quixote, The Agent and others who after distinguishing themselves on 'the flat have likewise earned winning honours over the sticks. AFTER the excitement over Malua'S great victory had somewhat calmed down the thoughts of those present began to turn to the Grand National Steeplechase. Here again quality prevailed over quantity, and it is indeed -doubtful whether a better field went to the post for a cross-country event over the Flemington course. The Tasmanian representative, Flashlight, who came from Ballarat with a great reputation, was voted a real good thing, while Ellerslie, whose maiden essBay it was over the fences, had many supporters. Thus it came about that liberal prices could bo eaBily obtained about the three placed horses, Ruby, Royal Oak and Mernder. Few care to read, whether winners or losers, days afterwards, liow a race was won or lost. Suffice it to say that at the last; fence) Mernder, Royal Oak and Beadsman II. were locked together, with little Rubv just behind them. Fifty yards from home Royal Oak had settled Mernder, but Ruby then came on the outside, and her great dash of foot serving her in good stead she-was just enabled to disperse of " The Oak," after one of the best steeplechases ever seen in this or any other country—even at the far-famed Liverpool Grand National Meeting. By her victory, under the steadier of 12at. 7lb., Ruby has proved herself to be one of the " gamest bits of stuff ever lapped in hide," and as she is wonderfully well-bred being by the Derby winner Lapidist, from Minoepie, by the imported Panic from Rosabelle, a daughter of Gohanna and Rosabelle, she should have an equr My distinguished career when Bhe quits the post for the paddock. Admitting that Ruby well deserved her victory, one cannot help sympathising with Mr. Pearson in the " hard luck " he has lately experienced with Royal Oak who has run into a place every time he has started, except when ho fell at Caulfield. Still, he showed great improvement upon his last year's winning form, as carrying 161b.more he was beaten in a raje which was run in 32 seconds less time, and shows that his trainer must have affected great improvement in him Bince the great National of 1887. Mernder though beaten was not disgraced, and some day, perhaps when least expected, Flashlight will redeem his character. Little can be said about Sir Lanncelot's victory in the Selling Hurdle Race, for which he was a hot favourite, and the most numerous field of the day saddled up for the Flat Race, the last event of the day. It was a grand finish, but the luck of the Ballarat stable was too great even for the Sunbury baronet, and Recall, after running a dead heat with Menotti, beat him eaBily in the run off and sent the bold backers away rejoicing. I ONCE struck a cabman who had been a captain in the Salvation Army, and as he was disposed to be communicative on the subject of recruiting "soldiers" of the Lord I seized the opportunity of bettering my knowledge of how that grand organisation over which Commissioner Howard presides is run. As there was nothing of military magnificence about my Jehu ex-Captain, who even for a cabman was a commonplace sort of fellow I questioned him as to the qualifications necessary for an officer in the " Army." " Well," be said, " yer see, sir, he must have the gift of the gab. It don't matter if he only knowB one addresB,and it don't matter how often he gives the same addreBS, buthcmiLSt know one or he'll never go fudder than a private in the Army.' 1 SOMEHOW whenever I see His Excellency the Governor, the S.A. comprehension of "the gift of the gab" always occurs to me. It has been my pleasure to be present on several occasions at agricultural shows and horse parades at which His Excellency has attended during the past three years, and it has also been my pleasure to hear our worthy representative of the Queen on each occasion " go nap " on the subject of the scarcity of coachingstock. I was up at the horse parade in Elizabeth-street on Monday last, and BO was the Governor, and I grew quite young again when I hoard Sir Henry in familiar accents observe that our cattle were excellent, there was little to be desired in our sheep, our thoroughbreds and draught stock compare favourably with thoBe of other countries, but that there was a great scarcity of coaching stock and good carriage horses in the colony. There is no doubt whatever that this latter statement is true, but it struck me as the gubernatorial carriage drove off that so long as Sir Henry can always get as good a pair as he had on Monday there iB little fear of his being " left' on the road. THE following communication, wrapped in a V R C race card, was found in the letter-Dox on Tuesday :—Mr. PUNCH, Sir,-Hearing that you are a straight sort of cove and never bets unless yer has a " dead bird, I wants to make a complaint against those chaps that writes the sporting in the newspapers. How it happened was like this. The night the weights was out for the National at Flemington I had had a dream. I never hoMelbourne Cup nine years running. -Ho e fttt fl-wful uckycove, and knows how to do it*eglar. Ho puts the urf Register and Centaur's Index under JIH pillow aud eads the horses' names until his eyes get dim, and then oo6 to sleep and dreams he's a bunyip and has the olours of the winner on. ;Well, the night the eighta came out I. dreamt I was Bagot'R ghost, and was cold and shivering, perched on a limb f a tree up at Ballan, with nothing on but a hroud, and Mr. Inglis says, " Here, Bag, old boy put thiB on," and he give me the jacket Alick Robertson won the Australian Cup with on Malua. Iu the morning I tells my mate, and he says it was right, 'cos it was like iB. So I borrowed five bob from him, and was just going to back Malua for the National Hurdle Race,-when r„ chap I knows says don't put your stuff on Malua. Didn't Mr. Inglis put in the paper that he hadn't backed his horse for a shilling? So I stops till I sees the paper, and as it seemed like a caution to the public not to back Malua, I backs Yarraman instead, 'cose he was trained by Foulsham. and Alick Robertson was riding for Foulshatn's stable, before he was killed. What I wanted to complain about is this. A chap whose mother keeps a boarding-house where a reporter Btops told me that Mr. Inglis sent word into the paper like this, " I haven't backed Malua for a shilling, but I am going to win with him all the same, and you can tell the public to backhim, for I've gotmore money than I want, and don't want to strike the bookmakers any more." Now, I say it is a shame for the paper only to put in that part about Mr. Inglis not backing Malua for a shilling, and keeping all the rest out. It is no use of an owner trying to give us backers a turn by putting us on to a good thing if the Press works with the bookmakers. Hoping that som more powerful pen will take this matter up.—Yours, etc., EARLY BIRD." STRANGE as it may appear, nationality ofte " times goes a great way even on a racecourse. Amongst n the many visitors to Flemington on Saturday were a number of gentlemen who claim La Belle France as their birthplace. AB St. Louis was put about as a real good thing for the Grand National Hurdle Race, it is needless to say that many of our Gallic visitors were amongst his backers. Despite his high-sounding cognomen St. Louis finished irgloriously in the rear, and rumour hath it that in the evening in the French Court at the Exhibition "Got Dams" were more plentiful than blesBings over the Grand National of 1888. EVERYTHING went smoothly at the annual meeting of the Victoria Racing Club on Monday until the motion -" That in future applicants for membership, who have not hitherto been members of the club, shall pay an entrance fee of £20, in addition to the annual subscription"—was read out. Then there were " wigs on the green," and a lot of fudge was talked about, the committee desiring to make the club too conservative and exclusive an institution. To my mind the matter is very simple. If those who desire to become members of the club don't think that the privilege is commensurate with the amount asked as an entrance fee, let them by all means not join. There is no oharity in it. I could understand remonstrance if the proposal had been made to increase the subscription of the present members of the club, who by their advocacy have helped to make Flemington what it iB. At present I understand a member of the club is entitled to privileges amounting to £32 10s. per annum, so that a new member, even if he paid the £20 entrance fee and five pounds subscription would have much the best of it, to say nothing of these little billet deux that Mr. Miles cunningly investB with so much importance. THE racehorse Little John, whose sudden and unexplained withdrawal from the Caulfield Cup won by Ben Bolt occasioned so much chagrin to backers, died a few days ago. In the Western District Little John performed very successfully, and when he put through a good field in the Geelong Winter Handicap, after getting all the worst of the start, backers fell over one another to get him on their side for the Caulfield Cup. THE Victorian Football Association meet tomorrow night (Friday, 10th August), at Young and Jackson's Hotel at 8 o'clock. Business: Ordinary, also special—namely, ^notice of motion by Mr. Hunt, to appoint a committee to arrange matches for the season. To ^receive report of the Investigation Committee re St. Kilda Club v. HanneyBee and M'Knight, of the Port Melbourne Club, for alleged rough play ; Richmond Club and central umpire against Graham (Port Melbourne Club) for rough play in the match Richmond v. Port Melbourne, played on 28th July. So far the football season has been full of surprises, but what astonishes most people is the rapid loss of form of the Carlton team. No doubt the " bully time" the blue and white boys had over iu Tasmania " threw them off," but this excuse won't last for ever. If they did have a free rein in the tight little island it is high time the vitiated influence worked off. Mr. Leydin's team tried conclusions with the Richmond, Cook, Keane and Maloney being absent. From the first the yellow and blacks had the mastery and finally they left off with a record of four goals and six behinds to the two goals and eight behindB ^obtained by Carlton. During the match a number of {the [spectators behaved in a very ruffianly manner, and frequently encroached on the playing space to such an extent as to greatly interfere with the players. Carlton's star is certainly in the descendant. Put down three Saturdays in succession, first by South Melbourne, then by WilliamBtown and lastly by Richmond. I don't wiBh to infer that there is any particular discredit in being vanquished by the Richmond boys, for did they not administer similar treatment to South Melbourne. PLAYING in their best style South Melbourne f u r t h e r strengthened theirclaim to the premiership by getting Issendon through bv five goals and 10 behinds to two goalB and three behinds. On Saturday Peter Burns figured in hiB very best form, and was frequently applauded for his dashing play. Amid the din of football, however, it is impossible for a player to conceive that even the'moBt demonstrative applause to be a personal compliment to himself in particular. So far as the p r e m i e r s h i p is concerned, the South appear to have their position assured, and the crumb of comfort for the other c l u b I understand is that their particulars shall gain the trophy offered for the one who kicks most .goals during the seaBon. As matters at present stand, Sonth Ballarat is second on the list, but the matches they have arranged are not sufficient to cause them to be feared. NOTHING daunted with the reverses they received in the early part of the season, the Geelong team is iplaying up very pluckily, and as time wears on they improve perceptibly, and although their victory over Port Melbourne was not overwhelming, it was decisive inasmuch as they obtained three goals and eleven behindt. to two goals and four behinds. The Ports lost some apparent chances by being too eager to run with the ball. IT was a near thing between Melbourne and Fitzroy the record showing that the latter team had a record of one goal aud eleven behinds to theonegoal and six behindB obtained by their opponents. WILLIAMSTOWN entertained the University Club in a demonstrative manner by kicking ten goals and just double the number of behinds, to the two goals and three behinds of the representatives of Alma Mater. ON IaBt Saturday night the Apollo Athletic Hall was well patronised, the attraction being a meeting between W Williams, the well-known nine-stone local champion, and J. Fuller, ate arrival from Sydney. The affair was a great disappointment and Mr Joe Thomson, as referee evidently announced a draw with great reluctance! Probably he would have preferred to call it a fizzle Williams is a stone lighter than the other man and could hardly be expected to force the work but there is no excuse for the retiring nature of Fuller e behaviour If a man doesn't want to box he had better keep out ol the ring altogether, and make himself conspicuous as a half-hearted performer. Messrs. Costelloe and Nathan do their best to bring off interesting and genuine contests in their comfortable hall and it is hardly fair for the audience to express disapprobation forcibly But we trust the reception the men were favoured with at the close of the " match " will deter others from making a similar farce of an eight-round contest. 