WICKED SIR DARE. In her anxiety she lid not notice that the space round the carriage, which had. been hitherto quite empty, had suddenlyl filled; did not notice that voices were talk ing round her until Henry Neville ran round to the other side of the carriage to his fainting wife. Then Eve looked round and saw a small crowd pushing and struggling, and suddenly two or three soldiers- Carlists she knew by their black s.rge jackets and red facings--cime running out towards the carriage, headed by a tall figure, which Eve instantly recognised as that of her hero. He paused almost within ear shot, and gave some orders to the soldiers-there was a loud ringing cheer in response then, left alone, he came towards the carriage, evidently unconscious of its proximity. Eve, leaning quite over the side of the carriage, felt her eyes drawn towards him with a strange and mysterious fascination. He came closer and closer, walking with his head bent down and his hand to his forehead. Suddenly he looked up there was a flash of fire Irom some torches, and he saw the carriage and the pale face of the girl leaning out of it. He looked. for one instant as if he had been shot, then he threw up his hands and staggered forward. With a cry Eve opened the door and flew to him. He had not fallen, but stood leaning against the shafts, his hand to his head, his face held down. Eve put her trembling hand upon his arm, forgetting everything in her divine womanly pity and sympathy, and spoke to him. ' You are hurt-or wounded ?' At the tones of her voice a shiver ran through the stalwart frame, and be seemed unable to reply but at last he muttered hoarsely, his head still bent down. SNon, senora, non I' But even as' he spoke drops of blood fell upon Eve's hand, and she saw that his arm, which he held to his face, was red and wet. 'Oh yes, yes I' she urged. 'See you are bleeding --oh land you cannot unler stand what I say I Is there no one to at tend to you-no doctor ? If I could only speak Spanish!' she cried, clasping her hands. 'If you could only understand me 1 Look!' pointing to the carriage 'Will you come in there and wait until they fetch a doctor. You shake your head. If I could but make you under stand 1' she cried, piteously. ' I am sure -I feel that you are dreadfully hurt I' As she spoke she took her silk hand kerchief from her neck and pressed it into his hand. 'Use this,' she implored. 'Let me wipe your face-oh, oh I' and she shud dered as the handkerchief turned to crim son in an instant. 'You are fearfully wounded I I knew it ' Again he shook his head as it be could not understand her, and standing upright strove to move away, thrusting the hand kerchief into the breast of his coat. As he did so his face was half revealed in the murky glare, and Eve shrank back with a cry of pity and terror at the sight, for it looked scarcely human so covered with blood and powder was it, thie two eyes glaring at her with what she fancied was dying anguish. Instinctively she put up her hands to catch his arm and support him, and as she did so his head fell forward, he staggered against the wheel and fell at her feet, al most on her bosom, limp and lifeless. Eve's tongue clove to the roof of her mouth- speechless and white as a ghost, she knelt down over him and strove to unfasten the neckcloth at his throat, her eyes fixed on the blood-stained face as if they were fascinated. A voice at her elbow seemed to come as if in a dream. ' Good God, what is it ? What are you doing ?' Eve looked up and saw Captain Delaine bending over her. 'What are you doing-who is this ? how came-Ah I' he cried, bending still lower and fixing his eyes on the blood-stained face as if he doubted the evidence of his own senses. Then he turned his eyes to Eve and grasped her by the shoulder. As he did so the eyes beneath them opened and glared at them glassily.. 'Come l' said the captain hoarsely. 'Come, Eve ! not a moment is to be lost ! come, I implore you-Eve; Eve I' Dazed, like one in.a dream, she allowed him to assist her to her feet; then she started, and half turned to the long, out stretched form, as if to return to it; but the captain's voice sounded in her ears 'No usel' and seemed to deafen and numb her. She allowed him to lead her away. She noticed that the carriage was empty, and that they passed it, and then they entered the inn, pushing through a crowd into the room prepared for them. There she stood for a moment staring round about her, and then fell down at Aunt Floss's feet in a dead faint. The captain bent over her for an instant, then looked up, and grasped Henry Neville's arm. 'Come with me,' .he whispered, hoarsely. Henry Neville stared at the pale, set face, and hesitated. The captain clutched his arm, and drew him towards him. 'Come with me-not an instant is to be lost I come, I day I' Speechless and. confused Henry Neville allowed himself to be drawn into. the crowded passage and into the road. Then he pulled up. ' Where are you going? Explain-you can speak now-What is it, man ?' Thecaptain stood looking at him for a moment, and then replied huskily. 'Neville-this is the devil's own work 1 don't ask any questions-don't doubt the truth of what I tell you; I knew it all along, but I kept it from you. Dare is in Spain 1' 'What 1' exclaimed Henry; 'You've seen hin?' The captain nodded and looked curi ously in the anxious face. 'Yes,' he said, strangely, 'I have seen him.' . Where-where ?' gasped Henry. 'Not five minutes ago,' was the reply. ' Where 1' 'Come and see.' 'Come and see i Do you mean to say that he-Dare, is near us-out here ?' Without a word further the captairi led him into the darkness of the night. The air was thick with smoke and loaded with the cries of the wounded and dying. Beside the carriage lay a smould ering .torch, which had fallen from the hands of a soldier who had held it while life lasted. The captain took it up and waved it into a flame, then, still holding his companion by the arm, he drew him to the spot where he had found Eve. 'Neville,' he said, solemnly, 'can you bear a shock?' Henry Neville began to tremble. 'Be a man 1 Look here at your feet.' Henry Neville looked down and uttered a low cry. 'What is it-who is it ?' he asked. The captain went on one knee, and wiped from the upturned face some of the blood and blackened powder that dis guised and concealed it. As he did so Henry Neville started back, then fell on his knees. 'Godd God 1' gasped Henry. 'It is Dare I' There was a moment's protound silence, then came the question from Henry's ashen lips ' Is-is he dead ?' Then the captain looked up. He had been feeling with his hand thrust inside the bosom of theoutstretched form of Sir Dare. 'Yes,' said the captain, solemnly; ' he is dead. You are Sir Henry Neville-at last.' 