[?] BY CHARLES J. BELLAMY. Copyrighted by the Author, and published by amusement ?with him. CHAPTER L A MCTOBE AND ITS CBITICS. 'Let's take a squint in.' ! ? It is on the sidewalk in front of the fine residence of Ezekiel Breton. Surely every body within the length and breadth of a hun dred miles must have heard the name of the ?wealthy mill owner, whose energy and shrewdness have passed into a byword. The house is brilliantly lighted, and the windows 'Wide open as if to invito the attention and admiration of the humble passers by. Three men, laborers, if coarse, soiled clothes end dull, heavy tread mean anything, have come down the street and now stand leaning against the tall ii-on fence. 'Why shouldn't see the show, boys?' continued the long whiskered man, with an unpleasant laugh. 'It's our work tliatfs pay- . in' for it, I guess. How long do you tliinl- it j would take you, Jack, to scrimp enough to- j getber to buy one of them candlesticks? i ?Hullo— there's the boss himself,' and he thrustliis band inside the iron pickets to point out a portly gentleman whose bald head was fringed with silver white hair. Mr. Breton had paused a moment before the window. ' 'Come, let's go on,' urged the man with a clay pipe, edging off a little into the shadow; ; 'he'll see lis and be mad.' i \- ?'What's the odds if he does?' and the speaker frowned at the rich man from be- ' tween the pickets. 'He can't get help 110 , cheaper than us, ran he? That's one good 1 pint of bein1 way down, you cant tumble a = mite. But just look at liim, boys; big watch ' chain and gold bowed specs a-danglin'. See I the thumbs of his white hands stuck in his vest pocket and 1'im as smilin' as if he never did nobody a wrong in his whole blessed life. There now is somethin' purtier, though.' Tbe old gentleman moved unsuspectingly aside and revealed a young girl, large and fair, with great calm blue eyes. She wore a pale blue silk, with delicate ruffles at her half bared elbow and at her neck, Triqrfng the warm white skin. . 'Well, I suppose my girl Jane might look just as good in such clothes as them. But she wouldn't no more speak to Jane than as if the girl wasn't human. And as for a poor man, he might pour his life out for her purty face and she wouldn't give liim a look. A few dollars and a suit of clothes makes the odds.' ^'What's she laughin1 atf'saidthetall man, taking his clay pipe from his mouth. 'Can't you see? There's the boystandin' jist beyond her. Breton's young hopeful Nothin' less than the biggest kind of game for her, I cal'late.' 'I never seen him before,' remarked the third man, reverentially. '1 8'pose he'll be our boss some day.' 'He's been to college polishin1 up his wits. 'Taint gour to be so easy as it was to grind the poor. Tlie old man now didn't need no extra sehoolin'.' 'I aint so sure now,' said the tall man, blowing out a wreath of smoke. 'The boy looks more land about his mouth and eyes. See liim look at the girL I cal'late she dont think he's very bad.' 'Wait till he gets his heel on the necks of a thousand of us, as his father has. Wait till he finds we aint got a penny ahead, nor a spot of God's earth for our own, but lie at his mercy. See how kind he'll be then. 'Taint the nature of the beast, Bill Rogers.' Bill Rogers took a long look at the slight form of the mill owner's son— at his fresh, young face and small, pleasant black eyes. 'I wish the lad had a chance. I believe I'd trust him, Graves. Hadn't we better be startin'i The meetin' will begin purty soon,' 'What's the hurry? Curran is always late liim-a-lf Well, come along, then.' Just now Mr. Breton is leaning lightly on the mantel near one of his pet heirlooms — the si ver candelabra. Near him stands a tall, elegantly formed gentleman, only a trifle past middle age, whose clear chiseled mouth has the merest hint of a smile on it, as if he had just said something bright. It was a smile he always wore when he had spoken— a smile with an edge to it But Mr. EUingsworth had to make that smile do good service, for he never laughed. The funniest jokes had been told him— the most ridiculous situations described to him— but he only smiled. 'What am I going to do with the boy?' Mr.* Breton's voice was always loud and sharp as if mnl- ing itself heard above the roaring of his mills. 'Why, marry frim to your daughter the first thing. Eh I Philip?' marry him io your daughter the : first thing.' Would slie be angry, proud and reserved ns she was? Philip shot a furtive glance at Bertha as she sat at the piano idly turning ever the music sheets. But the girl might not have heard, not a shade of expression changed in her face. It might as well have been the sources of the Kile they were dis cussing so far as she was concerned, appar ently, but as she pressed her white hand 011 the music sheet to keep it open, her lover's eyes softened at the flash of their betrothal diamond. 'I should think your hands must be pretty full already,' suggested Mr. EUingsworth in the low smooth tone, as much a part of his stylo as the cut of his black coat, 'with a thousand unreasonable beings down in your factories. And by the way, I hear that Labor is claiming its. rights, with a big J* As if anybody had any rights, except by accident.' 'Skeptical as ever, EUingsworth,' said the t*- -II owner with all a practical man's distaste for athing so destructive to industry. 'But 110, I get along easily enough with my help if q and tramps would only keep out of the way; though there is some kind of an agitation meeting to-night; somebody is raising the mischief among them. I wish I knew who it was,' and Mi'. Breton looked impatiently around the room as if he hoped ^ qaf-rn f-.hft in some corner of his own pai'lor. He met Bertha's blue eyes wide open in a new interest. She had half turned from the piano, but her sleeve was caught back on th 1 edge of the ke3'board, revealing the fail' full contour of her arm, wliich glistened whiter than the ivory beneath it. 'A mystery, how charming!' she smiled: '?Jet me picture him: tall, with clustering auburn hair on his godlike head' ? -?pish — excuse me, my dear — but more likely the fellow is some low, drunken jail bird you would be afraid to pass 011 the street. Some day they will find out there is no good making working people uneasy. They want the work, and they ought to be glad the work wants them. Their interests nl'e identical with ours.' 'No doubt,' assented Mr. EUingsworth, in his suavest tones, that seemed too smooth for entire, 'but perhaps they think you get toe large a share of the dividends.' 'You liketorouud your sentences pretty well.' retorted Jlr. Breton, flushing slightly, 'but do youmeaji to say you, of all men, sympathize with this labor reform nonsense?' EUingsworth smiled and shrugged his shapely shoulders just visibly. 'You ought to know me, Mr. Breton. I sympathize with — nobody. It, is too much trouble. And as for the sufferings of the lower classes— they may be very pitiable — but I don't soe how tie ncikor millstone can help itself, or for that matter ba helped either.' 1 Then he glanced curiously toward the piano. I 'Why, where arc our young people *' After considerable dumb show Bertha, had bcconifi awano that Philip liad some intelli gence of a startling nature to communicate. So it happened that at the moment Mr. Kllingswortli inquired for them, the young people Stood just inside the door of the cozy iirtle room called 'the study.' '1 am going to have some high fan to night. Bertha: I am going totlint- iabor meet ing. I want to see tlie business from the in side, when the public show isn't going on.' The gil l locked at liim iu astonishment 'They won't let you in.'' 'That's just where the fun is coming. It is going to lie better than aU the college devil try, and — wait here two minutes and I'll show you.' Book shelves ran up to the ceiling ou the side of the room, ipyosite lhe door. A long of fice table stretched across tlie center almost -0 the high window looking toward the st reel . But all the business associations did not oppress this elegant young woman, who threw herself in luxurious abandon into the solitary easy chair. She apparently did not find love very disturbing. .No doubt she only smiled at its poems, fervid with a passion un known to her calm, even life. Her young lover had often been frightened at the firm outline of the cold red lips, with never a thought of kisses on them, and at the sprite like unconsciousness of her blue eyes that looked curiously at him when love softened his voice and glorified his face. She was not listening for his returning footsteps, not one line of eagerness or of suspense was on the dispassionate face, while she played with the flashing jewel her lover had placed long ago ?on her finger. The door opens behind her, but she does not turn her head— no doubt he will come in front of her if he wishes to be— there he is, a slight figure, looking very odd and disagree- ! able in the soiled and iU fitting clothes lie has ; put on, with no collar or cuffs, but a blue flannel shirt open a button or two at his neck. His faded pantaloons were roughly thrust into the tops of an immense paii- of cowhide ? boots which apparently had never been so j much as shadowed by a box of blacking. His ; black eyes sparkle as he holds out to her a i bandless felt hat which shows the marks of a long and varied history. Bertha look-il ;;l liim in dull distaste. What a poor mouth lie had, and how unpleasantly his face wrinkled when he smiled. 'I wouldn't ever do this again,' she said coldly. A hurt look came into his eyes ; he dropped his hat on the floor and was turning dejected ly away. The fun was all gone, aud hor words and her look he knew would come back to him a thousand times when he should be alone. But she put out her hand to him iike the scepter of a queeu. 'Sever mind— you will generally wear better clothes than these, won't you?' 'But I wouldn't like to have that make any difference,' said Philip, looking wistf ully at the cool white hand he held. 'Supposing I was poor' ? She drew her hand away impatiently. If he had known how he looked then, ho would have chosen another time for his lover's fool ishness. 'Don't get poor. I like pretty things and graceful manners and elegant surroundings; that is the way I am made. I should suffo cate if I didn't have them.' 'But,' urged Philip uneasily, 'you couldn't love anybody but me, could youF' She smiled charmingly. 'You must not let mel' Then she rose as if to di^nics the subject 'Are you all ready?' In a minute more he was, after he had fastened on his yeUow whiskers and bronzed over his face and neck and white wrists. 'Your own father wouldn't know you!'' she laughed, as they opened the outer door. Philip went down two steps. 'You shake the foundation with those hoots.' He was quite recovering his spirits, now that she was so kind with him 'And you will tell me all about it, and whether the leader has auburn hair as I said? How long before you will come back— an hour? WeU, HI be here as long as that.' He puUed his great hat well down over his eyes and started, but at the gate he turned to lookback. Bertha stood in the doorway, tall and queenly, the red gold of her hair glistening in the light like a halo about her head. He could not catch the look in her face, but as she stood she raised her hand to her lips and threw liim a kiss with a gesture of ex quisite grace. In a moment more he heard her at the piano, and he tried to keep clumsy step to thestrain from 'La Traviata' that came throbbing after him. CHAPTER IL MASQTEEADISO. Philip pushed open the door of Markcl hall aud looked in. About sixty men were scattered over the benches in all conceivable positions. A number held pipes between their teeth, filling the room with the rank smoke of the strongest and blackest tobacco. Here and there two men appropriated a whole bench, one at each end, for a sofa. But more of them were settled down on the small of their backs, with then- knees braced against the bench iu front He saw in a mo ment that, though be was worse dressed than any of them, yet there was a difference in kind also. There was more meaning in one wrinkle on their well worn coats than in all his ingenious paraphernalia. He felt ashamed in tie presence of these pathetic realities, and turned to go back, but his great booty! creaked incautiously. Only two or three lookeJ around; a poor man more or less does not count for much with the poor or with the rich. Two or three grave, worn faces, two or three pairs of tired, hopuiess eyes rebuked liim unconsciously for the idle freak that brought him there. What right had he there, who came out of curiosity to watch the un healthy symptoms of thedisea.se called pov erty? What an insult to their bitter needs were liis mock trimmings, iu which lie came like one masquerading among a gravoyard full of ghosts! 'Hold on, friend, ye needn't go,' aud a long whiskered man beckoned to him. He found bis way to a seat with a hang dog air, the best piece of acting he had done yet. The same stolid look was on this man's face, bleached to a settled paleness from the confinement of years in the walls of the mills, and there was a bitterness about the mouth and nostrils as if he had not kissed the rod that smote him. 'No call to be shamed, young man. I sup pose them's the best clothes you got. Your heart may be just as white as if you had a better livin\' The poor don't talk except when they have something to say. So Philip said nothing, to act in character. 'I suppose you think you're pretty hard up,' resumed the big whiskered man, who ?was no other than Graves, the man who had peered into his companion's parlor window only an hour ago. And he glanced signifi cantly at Philip's boots and soiled panta loons. 'Jest look at that little chap over yonder, aU bowed up. He don't look very hearty, does her Up to his house there's a wife all faded aud broken, and two little cripples for children, a whinin' and a scrcechin' from mornin' to-night. He would chop his head off to help them, but he is slow and weak, and don't git but ninety cents a day, and he can't save them babies a single ache, nor easo their poor misshapen little bones one twinge. It takes every penny to keep the wretched breath in 'em ail, and him and his wife, once i as purty a gal as ever you seen, has only to stand and see 'em cry. They used to cry 1 themselves, too, but that was long ago.' ' Graves looked about him. 'Do you see that lean faced man with the hurt arm, at the end of the seat ye'reon? WeU, he's got the smartest little boy iu town. All he wanted was sehoolin', and his father and ( mother saved and scrimped so he could have [ it You oughter seen how proud they was to i see their lad struttin' off to school while they ? kept a tliinkin' of him all day long in the j mill. And they was never too tired to hear the boy tell them over the hard names Le had learned. And then they would ; tcli the neighbors, who sometimes got jealous, how they was savin' every 1 cent and how their boy was goin' to col lege like old Breton's son. But there was no call for the neighbors to be jealous; the woman went to work one day when she was sick, and caught her death o' cold and it took a mint of money to nuss and then bury her. Then the man feU and got hurt and the little boy cried enough to break your heart when they took his books away.' The face of the long whiskered man softened an instant, but he turned his head away. 'He needn't a cried,' he said gruffly; 'I don't know as he was any better than the rest of us.' Now there came a little commotion on the platform. A man who sat head and shoulders above the group on the platform rose to his full height like a young giant and came forward. Ho looked down into the upturned faces for a moment in silonce, and Philip felt his Bteel blue eyes piercing liim like a sword. 'Men,' he began. Then he stopped speak ing a moment. 'Yes, men you are, in spite Of all the degradation the rich and the pow erful can put upon you. The time is coining ?when the principles of equality vaunted on the pages of so many lying constitutions, and breathed on the lips of so many false tongued demagogues, shall be fuUy realized. The time is coming when the work shall not be on one side and the reward on the other. We shall not always wear rags as the livery of our masters. Not always shall the poor rise early and toil late, wear their skin till it be shriveled like parchment, and their bodies till they be ready to drop into the grave for weariness, only to pluck the fruit of God's bountiful earth ihr ti c lips of the idle and the proud to taste. The gracious favors of ten thousand smiling hills and valleys are gath ered only for the few, and those whose arro- : ganceand hardness of heart liavo least de- j served them. And they tell us it must be so; that the few who are more capable and pru dent should thus bo rewarded for their superiority. They point to six thousand I years' oppression of the poor, and say 1 what has been must be. Yes, for six . thousand years the groans of the poor have gone up, and as long the few, for whom alone . all the beauty and bounty of the great earth ! seemed to blossom, have answered with curses and contempt.' Now his magnificent chest seemed to expand; his voice lost its pa thetic tone and rang out like a trumpet ; 'But the knowledge they have given to make us better slaves is bursting our fetters ; before their frightened eyes. The astonished people see at last the black aud monstrous in justice of their subjection. They havo num bered their hosts, as countless as the sands of the .sec. It is the strength of then- arms has girdled tbe earth with unceasing streams of wealth. It is the iugeuuity of their brains has harnessed each of the untamed forces of nature to service. The infinite number ot their cunning fingers has woven the fabrics to clothe Christendom, and their red blood poured out ou a thousand battlefields has I bought vain triumphs for the pride of their 1 masters.' j His lips suddenly curled in majestic scorn, i 'And how long will your patient, calloused i hands build palaces for the great, while you j live in hovels? OupiT nut such strong arms! as yours be able to win enough to make one J modest home happy, if you were not robbed' I The world is full of cheap comforts; the J harvests are boundless, the storehouses burst- j ing, but each worthless pauper has as good a ' share as you who make the wealth. You cause the increase; your hands t ill the teeming lands and work the tireless looms. Your shoul ders bow beneath the products of your toil — iike muzzled oxen beating out the grain for unpitying masters. Why will you endure it- They tell you it is only light; tlieir boois teach gentle submission; their oily tongue;: speakers soothe you with proverbs and con soling maxims, but all the wise men oi cen turies and all the hundred t housand printing presses of today, heaping up books in every language like a new tower of Babel, cannot turn a lie into the truth.' Philip sat leaning forward, his eyos filed on the speaker in a strange excitement Cur ran's words came into his soul like molten fire, consuming the chail of years and leav ing a path of light behind. Ho was full of wonder that he had been blind so long, mixed with joy at his new piercing vision. He liau forgotten how he had come there, and f 't a sudden desire to take the hand of every poor ma' in the room and pledge him his help. But no one seemed touched as he was. The same hard look was 011 each face, the mask the poor assume to cover their dikress, but tlie eyes of them all were centered on their orator. 'But you are poor, and with your wives and children are hungry for even the crust of bread your masters east j-ou. Though yon were a million to one, you are held to their service, 110 matter how unjust, by the dnily recurring facte of hunger and cold. Look ! the fields are white wit h their harvests, the shops filled with their cloths, but the law makers and their pitiless police arc in their pay, and you must bow your meek necks and thank your masters humbly for the trifle their greed vouchsafes you.' Philip's heart thumped painfully within his faded coat Could the speaker give no hope to the wretched listeners hanging on his lips'; Must they cringe forever at the foot oi power? Their thill, worn hands made the bread, but it was snatched from their mouths and doled out in scanty allowance as the price of hopeless slavery. He had never seen it before. 'Who is lieflie whispered to his compan ion. The man did not even turn his fa- - from the speaker. 'It is Curran. He belongs to the La! cr league.' This, then, was the agitator his fa ther spoke of. And Bertha had pictured him rightly, with his clustering auburn hair. For a moment he stood silent, while under tin. divine light in his eyes the souls of each one ripened for his next words. 'Alone you can do nothing, but united w- can shake the world, and all over the In:' ! the oppressed are banding together. We a:v weak now, but when the long stifled voice of your 'wrongs finds utterance, the fias.verin;. moans of millions will rouse your souls to the resistless martyr pitch. Then it will sce:u sweet to die — yes, to starve — with your dear ones about you inspired with the same en thusiasm. When the generation is born which dare starve but has forgotten how to yield, and even for the brc-:l of life will no: seU its children into eternal slavery, then will the gold of the rich rot worthless i:i their white hands tiil they divide with as our common heritage.' He stopped and sat down, and as his en thusiasm faded from liis face. Philip saw ha was not handsome. The eyes that had seemed so wonderful were too deep seated beneath his heavy brows, and his smooth shave ! face was scarred from exposure to sun and storm: yet, while he had been speaking, pity and di vina wrath in turn melting and burning in his eyes and lighting tin his rugged ch-x-is. he had seemed beautiful, like au arehangri The audience tat in silence a moment, then one man shuffled liis feet' uneasily, then r.n other, and then all ro-e listlessly to their feet. Philip thought their zest in life bad gone so long ago that they did not even mis. it; then he remembered what his life wins, bright as a June morning. Did God Jove him so much better than these weary crcv tures, whoso only refuge was in hopeI--.'--s ness? Then ho thought of Bertha wnitii!:: for him, and he hurried out, glad that he seemed to be escaping notice. Where wns the funny adventure he had to tell his sweet heart? A new world had been revealed to him; a world within the world he had phyoi with, that knew no such tiling as mirth, but fed forever on bitter realities, and his little spark of happiness seemed smothered in ;i black night Each one must have a family circle of his own. There were hungry oyer that looked to him for the cheer his pour heart wastoo dead to give. Sudden] y a heavy hand was laid on his shoulder. 'Praps you aint got 110 place to go to, friend.' It was his big whiskered compan ion in the hall, Graves. 'I sort o' liked your looks in the meeti' to-night, aud you're welcome to a bed at house if you want it.' 'Oh, no,' stumbled Philip, at his wit's c.id. 'Oh, no? Why not, then? Where be you goin' to stay?' and the man took his hre.u from the young man's shoulder and eyed him suspiciously. 'Why, he wanted to go hoi;;-, and lay off his masquerade forever. Bet i ]? - all radiant in all that wealth can addle beauty, was awaiting him. He had so much to tell her,' but he had nothing to say aloud. 'I won't take 110 refusal,' insisted the mr.ii. taking Philip by the arm. 'No words; Jane wiU get along easy with an extra for once I presume you've slept in wuss places.' CHAPTER m. AN UNWILLING GUEST. Philip thought tilings were going a lit!; too far, and as he walked along with his un desirable host he began to plan escapes. Up on the hill to his left he could sec, nor. and then, between the houses, liis own ho;:, and the lights in its window streaming' v.-;; eomo to him. The tense mood relaxed ? him, old habits of thought and assoc-iat;-..; made themselves felt again; the poor m.'.n walking heavily by his side seemed a thou sand mUes removed from him. 'Here we are,' said Graves, as he led tie mill owner's son up a couple ?f rickety look ing steps to a doorway. Philip was not pleased at all; he had seen enough poverty to-night; he did not care to particularize. What was the use of distressing himself over this man's private miseries and discomforts ? Wasn't it written in aU the books of politic-i' economy that— but Graves opened the doo and waited for liis unwilling guest to go i before him. The poor man's heart was wan. in tbe unwonted exercise of hospitality. With an ungracious froi/n on his foe Philip entered the dimly lighted room, t.' great boots sounding with startling effect the bare floor. The top heavy kerosene lav:, was turned down, but with the heartiness e.; 4 true host, Graves turned up the lamp that Philip could look about him. There was little enough to see — a round pine table with a little blue, cracked crokery on it, a rusty cooking stove, two or three dingy, unpainted chairs, a high backed rocking chair, with a faded, shapeless chintz cushion, and what seemed to be a sofa in one cornel'. At first Philip thought the room had been unoccupied, but as G raves turned up the lamp a trifle mote ho saw it was a woman lying upon the sofa— a woman with sunken black eyes and wan, colorless cheeks, whose loosely bound hair, gray before its time, fell down over her shoulders. 'The woman is sick, or she'd get up and speak to you,' said Graves, with a i)ew gen tleness in his voice, as he looked at the wife of his j*outh. 'They say she might get well if we could pay doctors' bills. Eh, Jennie?' The girl who stood in the doorway had her , mother's eyes, not quite large enough, but j with a rare sheen in them; it might be her . mother's face, too, but with the bloom of j perfect health lightening up its olive. Involuntarily he rose to his feet and bowed, but as the girl only seemed to regard him as one might look at a circus tumbler, : Philip relapsed into liis seat, in the humilia- . tion beauty can put upon the greatest of us. i 'Nothin' but cold potatoes? Well, I guess j they'll do with a little salt and a piece of \ bread.' ] 'Did Curran speak?' asked the girl. 'Yes,' answered Philip. 'And who is be ; —a common laborer?' Then he bit his lip. But nobody took offense, no one suspected : their guest of being anything above a com mon laborer. 'Only a laborer,' answered Graves, 'a weaver, but he's got some book knowledge somehow. There aint many can beat him at talldn', is there?' The girl's eyes were on Philip now, impa tient, as he fancied, even for his poor tribute to lier lover's praise. 'Ho is wonderful,' he assented, 'but what I don't understand is, that he can be such a man and still a weaver. Where did he learn j it all?' 'Have j'ou got enough to eat? Well, j knowledge has got pretty weU through all ? classes now, for those as wants it. It's there . for aU who have eyes or ears for it Why, friend, where havo you been all your lifei Brains and hearts don't go by station. I've found smarter men in shops and mills than most we send to congress. There's thousands like Curran, if they oniy got the stirrin' he's had some way. Now, Jane, it's about tiinb you got this mail's bed ready.' ? Philip's heart jumped. Of course he j couldn't stay, but what excuse could he give j for coming at all, then? j 'Be you lookin' for a job?' asked Graves, j after his daughter had left them. ; It occurred to Philip that he had one, if he wanted it — to put one spark of happiness into such lives as these, but he nodded. The man looked him over rather disparagingly. 'Well, wash yourself up and black your boots a bit, and I guess I can do somethin' for you in the milL It's hard work and small pay, but we never had better, you and me. We don't well know what we miss bein' poor, wo miss it such a big ways.' 'How long has Curran lived here?' asked Philip incoherently. The man stared at him a moment. 'Oh! Curran, heaint been here more'na six month. He aint got no folks; he lives down to one of them factory boardin' houses, but don't have no friends, or talk about any thin' but what you heard to-night. But it's aU useless.' Graves looked gloomily on the floor. 'We aint got no show; the rich are too many for us. I guess it's human nature for one man to boss the crowd, or it wouldn't a always been so. There's the girl, she'll . show you where to sleep. Be up early in the ? mornin', now.' The only course for him seemed to be to follow the girl, and Philip rose to his feet. 'Good night,' he said. The sick woman opened her eyes in surprise. Such people as they found no time for amenities in their dreary home. Graves looked around. 'What! Oh, yes, goodby, but I'm goin' to see you in the mornin'.' His bedroom, on which the roof encroached greedily, was newly whitewashed, or else -was seldom used. His lamp sat on a wooden chair with no back to it, crowded by a till wash basin, with his portion of water half filling it, and a round black ball of soap. 1 Then Philip turned to look at the bed they ; hod made for him on a slat bedstead with '. low headboard but not so low as the thin pillow. How many times must anybody double tbe piUow to make it fit for his head! For a counterpane was the girl's plaid shawl; he had seen it on a nail down stairs. Poor little girl, she would want it very early in the morning. Then he glanced in the eight by ten looking glass that hung on the white . walL Disguised! his own father would not have known liim, and he had a sensation of double consciousness as he saw his own re- 1 flection. Perhaps Graves was disguised too, and all tho ill dressed men he had seen that evening, who suffered as much in their wretched lives as he could, who could enjoy aU that brightened his own life as much. And clothes made the difference between him and them, apparent ly, perhaps really. The world managed ac cording to the clothes standard— for the man i who could borrow a broadcloth suit, com- j forts, consideration, happiness — for the man 1 in overalls, weary days, cheerless houses, hunger and— bah. Phillip pulled off his great boots and threw them augrilj- across ; the room; he did not know what to make of itnlL j He did uot propose to spend the night here, I of course, and face the family and his job in j the mill in the morning, but he might as ; well lie down tUl tho house was asleep and escape became possible. But he could not lio down with all his paint on and spoil the poor little piUow. So he takes off his yellow whiskers, and makes such good use ; of the basin of water and the ball of soap that when he next looked in tho little mirror he saw no longer the road dusty tramp, but the fresh, kindly face of a young man who lias never tasted of the bitter foun tains of life. He started as if he had been shot: tho windows had no curtains, and any i passerby might have seen his transforma tion. Then came a heavy step on the stairs. He blew out the light and buried himself in the bedclothes. In a moment more the door , opened and Philip was breathing heavily. ; 'Asleep?' it was the voice of his host ? 'Well, I s'pose the morning will do. Pretty j tired, I guess; wonder how far he came to day?' and Graves closed the door after liim ; and went down stairs again. : Of course Philip was not going to sleep, but , there would be no harm in just closing his eyes, he could think so much better. j Here he was drinking in the very life of ; the poor, a strange, terrible life ho had never really imagined before. He had seen how worn and broken were their men, and read the pathetic lines of despair and suUen wretchedness written on their faces, as if in j silent reproach to the providence that had j inflicted the unsoftened curse of life on them. ] He had seen, too, their hapless girlhood, ! which beauty cannot cheer, which love only \ makes blacker, as the path of lightning a. j starless night And their sick, too, with no ? nursing, no gentle words, no comforts to as-r ; suage one hour of pain. Then he seemed to - be in the haU once more, and thrilling under j the eloquence of the man Curran. Suddenly ' he opened his eyes wide. It could not be he ! was going to sleep, the bed was too hard — absurd— there could be no danger. But in five minutes the heir of the Breton mills was sound asleep in John Graves' garret room. How long he had slept Philip had no more idea than Rip Van Winkle on a former occa sion ; indeed it took him a ridiculously long time to separate dreams and facts enough to get his bearings. Was that moonlight in the east, or dawn? Perhaps the family were all up and escape would be impossible. He bounded to his feet and clutched at his false whiskers, but alas! his paint was aU dis solved in the tin basin. His only chance was in getting away unnoticed, and in two min utes 111010 he was groping out of his little room and down the steep stairs, boots in hand. He slowly opened the door into the sitting room. What if Graves stood within curiously watching. An odd guest, this, stealing out before daybreak. Again Philip wished he had stayed at home that night. ; ThankGod! no one was in the room. There was tho cracked, rusty stove and the sofa the sick woman had lain upon; there was the dish of cold potatoes oa tin table and the chair he bad sat iu while ho tried to eat. But somebody must be up in the inner room; a stream of light made a white track through the half open door. Would that bolt never slip — there. It slipped with a vengeance, and Philip drew back into tbe staircase in mortal terror. The light streak on the floor began to move, and in a moment more a white figure stood on the threshold of the bed room. It was Jane Graves, with her long bla'-k hair about hor neck and white night dress, and her eyes glistening brightly. She held the lamp above her head, and let her drapery cling as fondly as it chose about a form that would havo charmed a sculptor. As she listened ho could see her wavy liajf rise and fall over her beating heart. Would she notice the open stair door and come for ward? What then? 31' :nusi push herrncle ly to one side. lie inei^'-ied her startled' screams and the father's ? 1 hurrying into the scene from another room to seize the in terloper. No, she returns to her room. In another instant he has c.ji..-iied the door and is walking along the street . His escape was well timed, for the gray dawn of another day of toil and weariness is creeping over the factory village. The houses were all alike, the front doors just as soiled, the steps equally worn, the paint the same cheerless yellow to a shade. Through the windows of one of them ho caught a glimpse of a tall gaunt woman building the kitchen fire, her face and form lighted up by the flames she was nursing, His ready imagination pictured the wan featured man who must be her husband, out of whose eyes had faded so many years ago the last lingering gleam of tenderness. He imagined their old faced, joyless children be grudged the scant play hours of childhood. Trooping behind them oil, he pictured a long line of special wants and sorrows, the com It was Jane Graves. panions of their days, the specters of their nights. Their houses looked all alike as he walked along, so their lives might seem just alike at first thought. Ten hours for each in the same mills — who got almost the same pittance for their hot work — and must spend their pennies for almost the same necessities. But infinite must be the diversities of their suffering. CHAPTER IV. CBYING FOR THE MOON. The strident voices of 400 looms 'would seem to be too much for human nerves, but the walls of the weave room Number Two of tlie Breton mills are hung with soiled plaid shawls and chip hats, the livery of the fac tory girl. Their restless forms are busy among the rattling machinery, their swift cunning fingers moving harmlessly where mutilation would seem certain. It is a mere matter of habit; one look at most of the set pale; faces would show there was no brain force in exercise. Why, the overseer will tell you those girls are as much machines as the frames and belting; though they un doubtedly have one advantage for the em ployers, the girls are cheaper. The wonder ful mechanism of those looms, the skillful system of belts and pulleys and the enor mous water wheel cost a fortune. Girls can be bought in the market any day for a crust of bread. Is not that figure familiar— the one that stands this moment leaning against a dingy white pUlar, while the rushing belts and slid ing frames seem hurrying the faster aU about her? Yes, on the piece of waU between the two jail like windows nearest to her hangs the plaid shawl Philip Breton had for a coun terpane only last night Her dress is soiled and ill made, and her hair tied up in the closest and ugliest coil to escape the greedy machinery, ever reaching out for new vic tims. But the warm, soft tint of her cheeks and the moist sheen in her black eyes were always tbe same, and many a young man would rather look at her this minute than turn off an extra cut, they call it, of cloth at twenty cents. Her days used to be more terrible to her even than now. She had wished every morn ing that she might die before night, and at night that God would take her before morn ing; take her, she cared not where; no place could be worse, certain. But she was slowly growing, she thought, into the dead calm that aU the rest had learned ; and yet how she hated the great maasiTc -mills, -irresistible giants that held her with deathless grasp, grimly contemptuous of her writhings and foolish struggles. The overseers, too, how she hated them; their sharp words stung her like the lash of so many taskmasters, and the paymaster who doled out to her the few dol lars, the wages of her blood and life, as if that could be paid for. She had longed so many times to throw back his money in the smiling, patronizing face; but tie poor can not afford the dearest of all luxuries, pride. Suddenly the mill beU rang out above the roar of the wheels, and at its voice the looms stopped, the breath of their life taken away, and the belts ceased from their endless race. Another day's work was closed, and the loor girls hurried on their shawls and hats as if at last something pleasant awaited them and went out in chattering groups. 'What is it, Tommie?' A broad shoul dered young fellow had left tbe crowd and followed her shyly up the bill 'Nothin' much, only may I walk home with you?' 'Will that do you any good) Hurrynp then.' He was an honest faced young feUow, and a little better dressed than most of the group that waited about the mill yard gate. 'What you want to walk round here with mo for I can't see. They cant work you very hard, Tommie, if you want so much extra exercise.' It was rather a contemptuous laugh she had for him, but she showed a row of small white teeth that poor Tommie thought were very beautiful. 'I wanted to say somethin' particular, Jennie.' And he reached down his big dingy band for a stalk of grass, and began pulling it nervously to pieces, as he kept up with her quick feet. They were just passing Mr. Ellingsworth's house, and father and daugh ter stood in the doorway. No doubt Mr. EUingsworth had just come home to tea. He held his tall hat in his hand, while he waited with his beautiful daughter to enjoy the soft spring mildness. Jane Graves could see in behind them. How could they bear to stay outside? She saw a white spread tea table glis tening with silver and rare china, soft tinted carpets and pictures in rich gilded frames, far prettier, she was sure, than anything nature had to show. The girl's face, as she stood resting her white band on her father's shoulder, was as calm as the twilight itself. 'How has she deserved it all more than 1} She was never tired in her life, and I never lie down at night but my hands apd feet ache. See what she gets for being idle; see what I get for my ten hours1 work, every day since I was a child.' 'We've known each other pretty long, Jen nie, and— and'— -he had ptdled the grass aU all to pieces — ' 'and I s'pose you know how I've — I mean how I've felt. I am doing a little better now.' The young man's eyes bright ened. 'I've got a little money left me, and you know I'm just made second hand.' 'What is that to me, Tommie?' she said, impatiently. Her woman's soul was longing for the beautiful life of tho rich, whose house she was passing, and she felt, too, the admir ing glance Mr. EUingsworth had given to her graceful figure. Why was this awkward boy by her side to spoU tho effect? Tommie Bowler winced, but ducking his round head to avoid the sharp look he feared was in the beautiful eyes, he went on dog gedly. 'I s'posed we'd been agoing together quite a while, Jennie, and I Was goin' to ask you when you was willin' to be married.' 'Married— to you?' Ah, Tonnnie Bowler, what were you think ing of to want to marry a girl who had Such ; a tone as that for youl ; Tears of shaina started into his eyes. '1 aint so low; I never thought but what yon would before.' : She gave liim a look half curious and half pitiful. He might as weU have cried for the moon. Could it be the lad thought that just because she was pretty she could make his home happy for him— his? 'I'm. not gtyng to have a hand at making another poor 'man's home. People like us had better be single; there's only half the trouble that way, Tominie.' The broad shouldered young man, who did not know what was good for him, foil back from tho woman his heart hungered for as if ho was shot. And she walked on, with hard ly another thought for the foolish lover who imagined they two could lie ha_ppy together. Why couldu't she be rich; They liud al ways told Ijgr she i^as IrautiifKi If she only bad a chance. They say men are fools over pretty women, and that is the only hope a woman lias of winning her way. If she only had c chance. A delicate gray mist floated over the river below tho village, and the green forests and fresh meadows on the other side smiled through it, like a fair woman through her tears. A tired soul might have drunk in its beauty and been rested, but Jane Graves cast her eyes down on the dusty road before her and walked along with a set bitter curl on her bright red lips, and did not once look at the gift of God's mercy to the poorest of his creatures. For her part she despised tho poor; she didn't pity them; great strong men who submitted to be trodden on and ground under the feet of tlie rich; whose blood and musclcs and quivering flesh were weighed in the balance against a few dollars of the spec- ' ulators. It was good enough for them as ; long as they submitted to it. She didn't blame the rich; they were tho only wise peo- ! pie; she only envied them. They did weU to j ; take all they could get and walk over as j j many thousands as would fall down before | 1 them. Oh, if she could only win her way to i . their ranks. But tho rich men do not come j into tne weave room ior meir enslavers. ; Suddenly she heard a step behind her; a | Etep she knew from aU others in the world, and the whole air seemed to tremble with a new, strange, heavenly impulse; 'Good evening, Jane.' She turned with a new, sweet shyness. It was Curran, tho agitator, who was beside lier. A soft flush was on her cheeks, a warm light in her eyes that had grown larger for liim in delicious surprise. 'Who is that young feUow who just left you?' 'Oh, one of my lovers,' she answered coquettishly, dropping her eyes before his. 'He your lover!' repeated Curran in his imperious fashion. 'You're not for such as ho, Jennie.' Her heart fluttered in sweet fear at the meaning she thought in bis words. She was trying to walk very slowly, but how fast they seemed to pass the houses. 'So I told him,' she said. 'You did weU, then,' and he looked down admiringly on the girL 'You are a fine wo man. I don't suppose you know it.' Jane Graves tried to look as if it was news to her, and Curran went on. 'Few women areprettier. 'fherearefine prizes forsuch as you iu this worid if you will only wait' He continued thoughtfuUy, 'Men havo to work for distinction; a pretty face brings it to women.' 'What sort of prizes?' And she trusted herself to look up at him: How grand he was, with his firm, strong faca If he only had a touch of weakness in him that might bend down to her. 'Position, money, pjwer.' 'No woman cares for those.' And she be lieved it as she spoke, looking away over the river. 'What then?' he asked, smiling. 'Thoso things are what all men are working for, I suppose.' 'Women care for but one thing.' Sometimes the clima.. of a character is reached only in old age, '?'?' 'a storms have wreaked their fury for a lifetime on a souL Sometimes it comes in childhood, with three score years of decline to come after it. It was at this moment that this girl's life reached its moral height If she could but have kept it 'That is love,' she added softly. 'It is their lives; they hope only for that; they dream only of it.' Curran laughed, but gently, as he took her hands at parting, pressing them perhaps un consciously, yet no mail can be whoUy care- ! less to such beauty as hers. j 'It is only because women are more foolish j than men, not because they are more de voted, that they are able to make such ab surd mistakes.' She smiled on him as radiantly as a red petal ed rose unfolding its glowing heart to i the morning sun — the sun that gives every- j thing and wants nothing, and stood half turned watching his retiring form. The road at this point passed near a deserted ruin, once a brick sawmiU, which had shorn the bills and valleys around of their pride, now a , favorite trysting place for lovers of moon light nights like this would be. Curran was jiist entering under an arch, where once had swung a heavy oaken door which long ago had 6erved some shivering family for a week's firewood. He went in and did not once turn. How cruel men are. Perhaps, she told herself, he is to meet there some messenger of the Great league he had told her about, and they will plan togetaer some uum an o^e. iu «aa 'beautiful to have such power, even if it made him forget this one poor girl, whose heart longed so eagerly for another smile. The whole world seemed glorified to the girl as she walked on. Sho had loitered so lon°* that tho sun was now almost setting, with his flowing robe of carmine about him, and the wholo landscape seemed in a rapture of silent worship. Jane Graves was like one in a dream — lier home, which she could tell from its cheap dreary counterparts, might havo been a palace; tho path along in front of it, beaten by so many faltering footsteps, seemed only pleasantly familiar to her. What had she seen to envy in anybody's life that had not her dear hope! But down tho hill comes a great white horse, tossing his mane i.nd curveting in the pride of his strength and ba ss:Jy. Its rider who held tho rein so gracefully must be young Philip, tho mill owner's son; he had just finished collcge. they said. So that was the young man Bertha EUingsworth was engaged to; not ill looking, and he rodo wc-ll. The girl smiled to herself. 'But Bertha EUingsworth had not seen Curran.' 'Did ho lift his hat to me?' Sho looked inquiringly about her. 'There is no one else and his black eyes seemed to know me, too; how odd!' thought tho girl, as she walked ou more hastily, and the horse and its rider disappeared in a cloud of dust. 'And it seems as if I had seen him some where, too.' (To be (.'ontinnpil.) 