r Loidln Cablegrams. (I (FRONMMELBOURNE PAPEBS. Formal notice has been give a member of the United States Cong of. his intention to introduce a resnon requiring the Government of the lted . States to demand? from Great Brit4tie e restoration of the rams and irdds . whicb, though flying the British flag re i?uilt in England for the Secession tty sduring tlhe late American war, and sch a were paid for with the money ofhe Southerners. * The hearing of the chariges of francde feired 'gnieist. Kelynge Gicnoayr d George C. Greenway, of the Warwickdu Leamingtoni Bank, 'which failed in h' ?einber' lastIhas beeni concluded: a prisoners. ,were fodundl guilty. Ge o Grienway hLs been sentenced to five yen. sand. Kelynge Greenway to one ye, imprisonmeint:.'- - .. SoFurther intelligence has-been rreci raltis"e to, the incendiary riots at Port Prince, -the capital of the Hayti Reo?b, fromivhich.itcappear` that the object thme riteori??C as toii?ost the Presided General SSalomon.o ni?imense destructib was caused bi the fire's which were starter in the town, Thrieeof tite leaders of tlt insurrectionary iovement have book On 0ited Ger ian I -The "Thnpieror *Vihliaua of Gof man haistencd iis; departur?'friom Copenhagrd owing to thewant of'cordiality in itheo Kin of Denmark's reception of him. ThI Emperori has nov arrived at Friedriebsrull. The Lochl (County) Government Bill vas readthe second .time in the House of Lords yesterday, and passed without divi. sion, Earl 0Carnarvor condemned the scheme,- as certain to create corruntion. The strike of navvies in Paris has caused The Socialist party is at he ead of the uiovement. The bill to appoint a special commission to inquire into the charges against Mr Parnell by the Times is being considered in the House of Commons. Great excite ment is manifested, and the closure was applied several times. The action brought by shareholders in the Bank of Australasia to restrain the bank from carrying out the proposal to grant a sum of £1500 per annum for tiy' years to tli' family of- the late superintendent; of the institution, Mr E S, Parkes, who died from -the effects of injuries received in the Windsor (Vic toria).railway, collisiondi hias been deter mined. ".Sir Ford North, oied of the ijidges of the Chincery 'Division of tlidhe Supreme Couirt; has decided that the grant made by the bank is valid add the suit has been dis missed, August 2nd.' A.Frencll oicer hlias been arrested at Kiel, in Northern Germany, oni suspicion I of being a spy. A great panic hlis been occasioned in Munich, tho capitalof ''Biavaria,' by tlie bireaking loose of several elephants. Befoi'e the aniiials were ~gairi secured: they had killed four people, and many passengers in the streets wsre'injured in the crush caused by their fantic efforts to ' got out of the elephants' way. .. ,. SA telegram received frion Durban states that the -Usutus, under the. command of -Dinizulu,;:who, havi-.been raiding; the country around Songeni for some titme past,and who had a severe encounter with the British troops towardsthe end of June, have now surrendered. 4 The London papers this .morning speak in liighly, eulogistic and congratulatory .terms of the success which attoended the bpening of the Melbourne Centennial Ex hibition yesterday. . i Later intelligence concerning Emin Pasha has been brought by messengers,who miade their escape from Uganda. They ren iort that in March last Emin Pasha re ceived a letter from the Mahdi demanding his submission: . Emin Pasha, whose stock lion to march with his followers against the. Mahdi's forces. The women of the United Kingdom have presented the Queen with a diamond neck lace, in commemoration of the jubilee year bf Her Majesty a rein... 3 ; 3rd August. The Bill to appoint an investigation committee on Parnellisms and crime has passed through committee in.the House of Commons. Her., Majesty: the. Queen mnay. 'tmeet Emperor:William on the 30t6i.instant :?it Baden. \- The last Astralian':Eleven match has been further, postponed because., of. the ain. SLONDoN; 5th August. "Mr ? Cecil' IEikes the Postniaster-General, persists in his refusal to alter, the date of the .dieparture of .the aFAustralian mail steamers for the convenience of the colo Th e United States Senate has appointed it committee to inquire into the relations and effect of the Canadian railwvay system upon the foreign trade and commerce of .Aherica. It is asserted that the sulisidised inail steamers are importing hbordes; of Chinese into Canada, and that they aftcr wards creoss the border into the United States. - Three per cent consolls are now quoted at: £100 5s: iNcw E?oati Wales.4 per cent stock is still quoted at £114. No' business of consequencein other colonial stocks.i: Tlhe 'total quantity :of 'wheat afl.ot is 2,120,000 ':sartirrs, or 140,000 quaorters less than last week. The market :forAnas tralian wheitstill continues to.rise,' and it is now quoted at 36s 6d l to 37s ox ware house. New. Zealanid long boerry is quoted at Obes 6d to 37s. The market for Austral lian Hour is quiet.. It is reported that the. British Govern m:ent has assured Italy that England' will interfere and support that nation in- the event of France atteupting to take posses sion of Tripoli. - : -The Italian: Gover ment'as. officially annexed tho district o a a, y southof ?hMasiowah, in Abyssinia. The action of Italy in miiaking this further acquisition of territory in Africa is consi dered a direct insult to France, which nation claims Zunlla by virtue of tihe Treaty of Abyssinia. The judicial committee appointed to !ear the application of the Church of Esgl'nd Association to compel the Primate, A " bishop Benson, to proceed in the charg of ritualism against Dr. King, Bishop of Lincoln, has draided that the Primate t st entertain the petition. It is notified that Germany has assu ed the protectorate of Pleasant Island, ir!l h Marshall Group, in the Western Pacift The Quakers are sending a deleg t to Australia on a peace mission. The incessant rainfall has flood tie low-lying districts of London an the country round about. In and near don the hieds are tremendous. The r way traffic has been stopped in som the suburbs, causing great inconreace. Four thousand beer barrels are afloat1ltun dreds of animals have been carrieiway by the flood waters. Au SL do ad Auth - Tise Locdon and North- Wes - t ress to Edinburgh was dlelay eit *rours in consequence of the floodlt th line. Great damage has been done to erty Sin London arid its neighlbourhood. The report of the Pan-Anglican Con ference, which has been sitting at Lam beth, has been published. Tle conference has resolved. that the Anglican Church will not recognise divorce unless adultery has been proved, and the church will refuse to re-marry the guilty party concerned in the divorce. The conference has also'decided that no polygamist shall be admitted to baptisnm in connection with the missions of the chulrch. The report approves of the suggestion that the leading bishops of the colonies should receive the title of Archbishop, but no actual decision has been comoto on the question. the Sultan of Turkey has presented the Emperor of Germany with a gold casket, ornamented with brilliants. Terrible distress prevails in Montenegro. Recent reports state that no. less than 40,000 persons there are dependent on charity for subsistence. Eighteen persons were killed in a great fire which took place in one of the poorest quarters of New York. The death is announced of.the Veory Rev. J. W. Burgon, Dean of Chichester, the author of a large number of theolo- gical works, who became very' prrisinent during the discussions on the revised version of the Bible. Dr. Moore, the Roman Catholic-Bishop of Ballarat, intends sailing from England on his return journey to Victoria in October. He has arranged to establish orders of the Sisters of Nansreth and Fathers of the Congregation of the Holy Ghost in Ballarat. It is believed that the native chief Dini. zulu, who recently engaged in a rising against the British in Ziluland, has fled into the Transval -- - ,o trom 0,1,0 Swhich is roported't be doing a?m.ailjC nse amount of damage. [The island of Stromboli consists entirely of a sihgle volcanic mountain, which rises to ahoiglt of 2.500ft., and from the top of which smoke and flames are continually ascending, sending rays of light over such an Immense space that the mountain has received the name of the lighthouse of the Moediteranrean. It often-makes loud ex plosions and'sends forth stones and :ashes, but no proper cruption has previously taken place for nearly 2,000 yeirs.] , The Rev. Mr Hunter, minister at Storno way, in the island cf Lowis, who recently recoived' aletter from Mrs :Jessio Camp bell Browne, of Sydney, offering" pecuniary assistance towards the sending'out of '1,000 crofter famnilies to Now Soith VWales, has irplied that lie is unableh to" entertain the proposal until hlie receives details as to the measures intended to be adopted for their settlcmeh't ia the colony. .. I.?The- comimission, consisting of ` three judges, appointed by Parliament to inquire into the charges preferred against Mr Parnell and the Irish Home Rule party by the'Times, in connection with Irish crimes, will commence to take evidence during the first week in-November next. The English Government has appealed to America to respite W. L.. Maxwell, who is now lying under sentence of death for the murder of C. A. Preller at. the Southern Hotel in St. Louis. [The St; Louis murder was committed in the early part of 1885, and Maxwell was arrested for the crime in 'Auickland, New Zealand, in May of that year. After considerable delay, owing to appeals by Maxwell to the higher courts on points of law, he was sentenced to be hung on 27th August, 1886. Another appeal to the Supreme Court of the United States was allowed, but the judgment delivered in January of this )ear was adverse to Max. well. The Government, however, post poned fixing a date for the prisoner's exe cution, and latest .advices from the St. Louis newspapers state that Maxwell's family have been untiring in their efforts '.,et arepieve, they being convinced It will be recollected tbit 'thepelpal evidence against Maxwell was that ob. tained by a detective officer who was locked up in the same cell with him while await. iig trial.] ; A double sculling race has taken place at Saratoga for the championship of the world, between Gaudaur and sL'Kay and Teemer and Hamm. After an exciting race Gaudaur and M'Kay defeated their opponents. 6th August. Tho!Austranlia cricketers'commenced a iaitch;with th'e County of Kent and lost six wvickets for 95.runs. .S S'P:- Jones is playing again. I The La Nosvellele iueof Paris recently publidlsed adociimineit setting forth Prince' Bisi;mark's objections to:i tlhe B ittenburg marriage.-, And 'prporting to . be signed by him;. The docunient is, declared a forgery by tihe Berlin press. '. The squadrons of the British fleet have been inancauvring, aind a fleet passed the blockade. .."; The severe weather isleausing floods in varioiis parts of Eriiole . 2 The National. Zietf:li published, at Berlin, in :en article on? the 'AAustralian colonies,' states' that there li ro clear in dications ,that the iconnection between Australia and :theoEl pire is 'ail; growving weaker.''An interriational: inferienco is proposed to deal Wvith . tli Balgarian question. .'. The troublo in Sikklim, arising"frm thie invasion'.. of .the territorj by hliordes of plundering Thibetaiis, have been ''enewed, nod another aippeal has been :tuido to the British authorities for assistance in 'repel ling'the irvaders. General-Philip Sheridan, of- the -United States ;is dead. " The special'comimission sappoinritedto in tquiro into the charges 'against: Mr Parnell will net ahnlmost imtmediately, in order to decide the method of procedure'in con nbction with the inquiry. and to formally initiateo: -thle alrgcs- to be. i 'estigated. ss will then ' piiod. 'Aletter, si nei published in the Tises thlis orning, in which the writer challenges, Mr Joseph' Chamberlain to publish tlhe Irish Local Go vernment Bill and the Coercion Bill, both of which Mr Shea in his recent defence of Mr Chamberlain, declared that he had drafted. Mr Parnell also insist' that he never at any time agreed with Mr Cham berlain that he would accept a scheme for the. establishment of local councils in Ireland as a substitute for an Irish Parlia ment. Great distress is liked to be caused amongst farmers in France, the wheat crop having turned out a disastrous failure. The Turkish Government bas acquiesced in the action of Italy in annexing Masso wah. The French Government, however. continue to protest against the action of Italy, and are preparing a note to the Powers on the subject. The Board of Management of the Panama Canal have issued a pledge th'tt the canal shall be opened for traffic in 1890. There were abont 500,000 persons present last week in Melbourne at the opening of the Exhibition. ' Rough on Raits,' are. coming into re quisition again, a woman named Nesbit doing away with herself by its aid on Mon day. :. 