i WAn DINN1NGS IN ASIA. O Br Tua Hots. Jahu0 CaAMPBEnz., S THE MADURA TEMPLE. u. Is there anyone amongst us who at one time has made an excusilon or journey be which, when looked bhack upon, seemed to be it completely a dream! There are certain he ceents in our lives which appear to us now so shadowy end unreal that we can hardly ad persuade ourselves they are other than mere t v.'r!-r, romnetme: p!e=:ant and come times nightmares. The last few nays se I spent in India now look to me rather as a dream than as a reality. rn. I had made my arrangements to leave Eota. ot camund, speed a day at Trichlnopoly and PM adura, proceed lesurely to Tuticorln, h, giving ample time to see all the sights on on the road. But I received a telegram from the agents in Tuticorin that the steamer co. would leave earlier than her appointed date. his 1 therefore had to hurry on, leaving Trichi. nepoly unvisited. WThat 1 saw of that s town and fort in the distance made ole me regret exceedingly that I had sill not time to stay, but I consoled ry. myself with the reflection that one the cannot see everything in this world. We must be content to leave many things ron unseen we fain would see, and many things undone we fain would do. Life is full oi Iro. tIocmpletenese, whether it be the splendid sks career of world reforming which we fully the Intended to carry out when we were twenty. lhb one, or the day's work in which something h is omitted or left undone. led 'ever shall I forget my visit to the not famous Madura temple. It is the ghost ol ten a men:ory rather than a memory itself an a vision, a phantasmagoria, or any nd other term you like to express-a irk strange troubled dream-bardly troubled, at but wild, unreal, groterque. I arrived at Madora a little before 10 o'clock ad at night, and as I must leave a little before 5d o'clock the next morning, the inexorable necessities of catching the steamer oem. tn, pelling me, it followed that I must arsee the pie, temple at right cr net at all. My resolullon was soon made. Hiring a gharry I drove ten first of all to the postmaster to Inquire about tio an urgent telegram. Judgiog from the noise be requlsed to bring him to the front, be had evidently been sleeping the sleep of the dl righteous. I felt ashamed at disturbing t. him at this outrageously unofficial boor, rill but he received me with the utmost courtesy, and what was better, handed me le. my looked-for telegram. Be was evidently yn greatly tickled at my expressed Intention of ore visiting the Madura Temple at night, and I was not sure but he was getting the off a sly sarcastic joke at my expense when he informed me that at this hour it would be a very remarkable sight indeed, if I could see it. This double meaning ptrose, "If I could see it," roused ter apprehensions in my mind, but in five ie minutes afterwards all these apprehensions he had dirappeared. We drove through a 'a5 tFrple of strrets, w'rn Io I in the td atartight cf the night there lormed up t Ihefore my eyes the walls and gearura, or trwwrs, of the most famous trmple in ,t. Southern India. I cruid only dimly see the k, strange elaborated carvings of the lower part, and 1 lamented greatly that the upper part was hidden in the darkness ; nevertheless, attentively regarding the lower portione, he and following the clearly out outlines, I saw re. how wonderful the work was as a whole, at even bough the dea sla were indistinguish nd able, It, however, the outside part of the of temple was a disrppotntmer t,the inede w's ed not. I can honestly say that if I had to see the interior again, and had to choose between of seeing it in the daytime and seeing it in the of night, I should certainly select the nitbt. Among all the worderfut things that I had )w seen in India, nothing was more wonderful than this eight. 1 could not tell which way m we went, for I was being guided by a most a affable Hirdoo. I could not give any n elaborate description of details, for they in succeeded one another in such bewildering rapidity, but the broad impression left upon or, my mird was that never in my life hbad 1 seen anything so strange or so wonderful. We o't walked through long avenues of pillars of at almost every shape and form; we passed by to the grotesquest gods of any I had seen in ce India, not even excepting those of the he Oaves of Ellora. We entered at the great ae main entrance, passing through a confusec on crowd of vendors of various wares, worship ye pers, priests, and others. As we advanced of there were few persons to be seen, but long jg, rows of lights, dimly illumining the corrl h Idorennd arches. Three were gradually extloe m gui hed as we pirooerded onwards. The liph a became dimmer and dimmer, the shadown deeper and deeper, until the onl) light we had was that given by the wretched little oil lamps we carried in our hands r rbey lit up the huge pillars close at hand, tr whilst behind us, beside us, and before u up, was black darkness. Our own voicers sounded strang.ly as they re-ecboed among i the pillars about us and from the roofs above d tou, which were lost in the blackness over. 6 head. The sounds of voices afar cff had a something uncanny about them, until at I last I beg.n to feel a curious tension of b nerves, which I take it Is closely allied to t the superstitiona fears of men walking t r through churchyards, or visiting the cypts b n rod vsults of an old cathedral about the hour t e of mid .ight. It was with a positivl r stars that I suddenly became coneuious of twogreateacred elephantl, stabled, ifImayso t use the word, in one of the corridors along e aide the large hall in which we were walking. t These great brutes, with thoiramall, bright. I peering eyes. their restless trunks sainging slowly like penlulures, seemed to me like a I couple of mnoustruus demons in this hall of v SHades, and though they were doubtless in tresting hojects, I confess frankly to 1 feelir g a setee of genuine relief when we a got out of their reach. We wandered on and on until to my imaginallion it appeared n as if we must nave traversed miles of ihese P halle and corridors. We Inspected gods and h tgoddesses., gorgons and ohimeras alive," pillars with all sorts of strange devices, II weird figures, curious arches, until the whole thing seemed to me a whirl, partly k hideous, partly fantastic, partly plea.s- I ing, so that when at last, like Dante, 5 coming out from the Inferno he had so a thurooghly investigated, and so accurately t desorlbed,' "'Thence issuing, we again behold I the stars." I rejticed to behold the stars. It and rejoiced still more to get wltl ln the 0 friendly abetter of my gharry, for I t felt that all the demons which had w been haunting my exolted imagination or o0 some time back had no power over me 01 when I was safely within a vehlnle dty Or tceoasud by Her M.jaesty's Government. Of eq all the places in India which I would most willingly revisit next to the Himalayas, dl the glorious Lj at Agro and the won- t derful Temple at Madura are the two pl things whclah I would dearso to see above all omhere. But if I coald see vI the latter again, and had time to study all w its astonishing details in daylight, I won d at assuredly on no accountomit to visalt It once pl more in the night time. It was one of the n0 strangest, weirnest experiences of mylife. n Bo'ra E ron LrTICOIN d. After a few hours 'aleep I found myself ib on the following morning en route for da Lut'ocorn. At one of the railway th stations I was startled by hearing to a familiar Salvation Army lotune played upon some lIstrument whloh I think wee a cornet, but no mingled was its melody that my ear was unable to tell anyth eg beyond the fact that it was an ge instrument of some sear. I could finBd no di visible canue thoUoh I looked all along the an t sin to see if Ioould discover either instru- it ment or p'ayer We arrived in Lutiorine 5r about midday, and I discovered it to be n another of the bad ports of Southern India l It Is not as bad as Madras, having to a harhour, though shallow. Its shallowness ise can be judoed from the fact that steoamers l of only 2.000 tens have to lie offover four hi miles from the pier. In ordar to load and on unload. About 4 o'clock to the afternoon I in made my way down to the pier, and ehilet by standing there waiting for the launch wbih ifrO was to take me to the steamer, I saw some d strange figures in the distance, followed by Dr a aonsaderable otowd of natlves. They oame ohs towards whebocI wa standing.Sund wheneloase f at hand the n y-tery of the hymn-tuneawhlchb I bad heard in the morning wa explained. efi There were three Sa valion Army o.fficers si with their wives. The man were clad In gal uative style, except that they wore bright scarlet jumpers, with curious looking Zamil Ietteri.g in yellow ti reads in the front. They wore the ordinary turbans on their heads, and walked wish bare feet. The women were dressed in European fashion, but one was barefooted, like the men. 1 e got into oonvereslon with them, discovered I that one, the leader of the party, was an w Englishman, the second was an American, and the third a Canaosdn. The Englishman e had been to India for about five years, the Sot'ere about six monthe. In answer to my questions, they told me they lived in native houses and on the sane food me the natives. "Our theory Is," said the leader, " that if a we areto reach this people we must conform d to their mannersr and customs. If we wisa to reach their sympathies we must ' be of the peop e and not apart from them." I asakea him if the natives a supported them liberally. He told me e in reply that at first they bad con. stderable dificultyi and often even now t were not without anxieties, but that on the e whole they found rhenr wants supplied, and sd that a more penereus spirit was masnfestirg ed itself anng the people, Later on I found the same ideas and the same experience aenonp the misalraries of the various de g nmisotlors in China. To me it has always been a natter of profound surprise that men otherwise generous dcould be found to Csaeres and be. lihtie the missionaries and their work, but I never felt it more strongly than as I ' lot ked at these pcor Balvation Army men, gwearing a costume so utterly strange to he them; their naked feet treading the burning Ssell ; their living dependent on the pene? rosity of poverty-striclken strangers ; their food ruch as no working man in their own land would even look at; their houses the squalid huts that one sees everywhere, and themselves rut off from assaocle Stirn of relatives, friends, and fellow. e contrymen. Thest men are the true re kights of the nineteenth century, and It ,, should cheer every lover of his race to see he the apostolaosl sooceesdon of noble men ard woroen never dies out. The objects of e devotion vary, but the devotion is still the same. Sir Galabad rode out in shining armour to do great dieds in his knightly ad way. To-day the asine lofty spirit that animated him-erlfr-acrlfice, ;urity, love for his follow'sman-animates some bumble r toiler withrntbirtb or name, and themcdern r Sir Galabsd is found under the roarlet e jun-per of the Salvation Army oflicer, the b)atk coat of the ordinary Protestant misn slonary or the priestly garb of the Roman I Catholi father. 'g tAIIEnTr,L TO TODIAn me Quarter of an hour later I found myself on is hoard the steam launch bound for the e.s. ht Putlisla. n hour more the screw of the le big steamer began to revolve, and I d stood on the prop of the ship bid SBlding farewell to India. Oh I the joy of 25 it. I remember readinrg in one of the A Indian papers the rutbruat of on Indian 1e planter, who was bidding adieu to the land P where I suppose he had not been very n suoreesful, and so relieved his' feelings 0 thus - s Farewell to tbls furesee rt earth, t, cf bh.rrenes,, bsestes, ad tht; SIts food withaou herpgr, Its laugh witheut mirth, asd Its uooreoe sad tourpenny dlbs. A dibI ought to expleinlo the uneducated w readers of " The Telegraph" is a rupee, I cannot any that I felt quite so intensely ,. as this worthy planter, but 1 can say that I t tuorned my back upon India with a sense of ,, profound thankfulness. I repeat that the 1e men who govern India earn their salaries, n and it would take a very large sanlary to 1 Induce me to spend many years of my life t. in that laud. Yet it is a wonderful land to d visit and to leave. In some respects It is Il even of more Interest than Europe Itself, and no amount of travel in other parts t of the world would make good a travel ler's loss if he left India unvisited; a land of strange racoe, strange religions, g strange sights. In no part of the world is there to be seen such colour and movement as in India, nowhere else such wonderfulu variety of manners and customs. The grduft af buildnlgs of India are not to be compared to the great buildings of Europe In magnitude, but they have their own characteristics and 1s their own beauties, such as enable them to t stand on equal footing with the most won lerful buildings in any part of the world. The indescrihbale Himalayas are beyone human words, nor can they even be piotured by the painter; they must be even. and when seen, the sight is such as no other part of the world can rival. To all the other wonders of the land must he added the surpassing wonder that our 2.50 000 000 of people are ruled by a handful ot foreigntre The past hisetory of India i full of thrilling interest, and I thick it o-..y be safely ropheeled that the present quie' and colourless prosperity will in due time give way to scenes of just as thrilling Intter at and as great romance as any that have b, er, wineasel in the past. There are great stretches of the earth, of which Australs I( and Canada ate the most noted, where hlstory is a blank, where there is little to be seen except that which Is to be deesri?ed to the geographer or scilentist. How dif ferent to India. A literature stretching b?ak into remote geos, religion varying from the lowest form of fetishism and devil wor ship, through Hir.dooiam, Buddhism, Menhmmedanism up to Christianity ; his. torlI cities, towns, and villages through. nut the length and breadth of the land ; art which, if crude, is yet distinctly of the soil, and inooludes an architecure unique, original. In a word, Indian ; the asco of the land wonderfully varied, great deserts, great plains, great rivers, vast mountains ; the character of the people as varied as the land, from mareek and cowardly races, the prey of every in vader, to warlike people who are only held now In subjection by the strength of the paramount power. Every branch of human thought and activity finds its repre sentative In India. The men of art, science or literaturo, statesmon, soldiers, morohants, engineers, can nll find a sidening of their knowledge In the past and present of India I was glad to leave the land, because it is neither my land nor people; but I rejoled. and do rejoice, at having seen it, and as I y look back, the detalls of almost each day's experienoa are sharp and clearly ootlined In my mind; but the great whol" seems now to me rather as a curious dream I seon, to be lookirg into somu tranoge kalh idutop, whloh turns of itself, and Iseo there wonderful oombInations, of which the little bits o; coloored glass are brightly-olad HIndoon creat cities, plcturoeque Himalayan vlllag, o. squalid towns, magnsfieont buildfigo, rave, r boats, elephants, camels, coolies, ubiquitous dhobles, IBrahmin prlcstes, and a whole omu'. titude of figures, forms, facrs, and places floating aorosl my mental 'Hion I have found In travelling through various parts of the world that we quickly forget the annoyantces and danga rs of travel, ard remember ,nly its ploasures Even so Is it with Iucia. I would not revisit that land again except to see one or two favoured spota, bhot the memory of what I have seen becomes increasingly a delIghs. I bade farewell to India, and I think it is a long and final farewaell, but day by day the pleasures of memory make the strange and noisy land necm pleasanter to my eyes. u 