. TALES AND SKETCHES. Wu It n Dream t One day in the early spring, I wat returning from a trip to tho country. I j was tired, and laid down to rest in tho | shade of an old oak tree, close by tho l bonke of tho babbling river. It was at ' tho foot of a green meadow, anu hut a otop from tho publio road. A country- V ' man on his wny to town stopped nnd J entered into conversation, in tbo courso I _ of whioh ho informed mo thnt a terrible murder had onco boon committed beneath that tree, close to whoro I was seated. He could givo mo none of tho particulars —it had happonod long before his day — a fow years after tho close of tho Re volutionary war ; ho only know Mars- den, a wealthy gentleman, had murdored bis young wire anu ber supposed para mour upon that spot. IF ho bod tbo tjmo ho could ahow mo whoro Marsdon's iuffudonco onco Btood, but bo wns in a inn;, and passed on. Thoso facts mndo a deep impression upon. my mind, and I Bat and pondored river what I had board without regard to tho flight of tim". Tho buii had gono to rest behind tlio distant ridge of bills ; tbo curtain of darkness was en wrapping tlio world j tbo stars twinkled forth one by ono in tlio far-off sky j the onl sent forth his dull, inonoionoiis cry, and tho rivor tinkled musically onward ovor its rocky bod, aud soamed to bid me riso aud follow it ; but I disobeyed its call and lingered ou. J know nut wlint n strange experience would bo mino ere I again loft that spot. The thunders of tho war of tho Revo lution havo censed to reverberate among tlio hills nnd valleys of the now-born America ; the white ling of peace streams on tho broezo, and tho bnsy hum of active labour fills tho land j tho soldiers, young and old, havo all returned to thoir oweet- henrtB, mothers, wives, nnd children, covered with glory and renown, and aro bonding their energies to tho task of making tho infant ropublio tlio grandest of all Govornnionts upon tho faco of tho globo. A mora in Juno j a bright sun and a cloudless sky ; dow drops glittering liko millions of diamonds strewn by tho linudB of fairies ovor tho wnving grass i swoot song birds on tlio branches of every nodding trco, fill tho fiower-Bcentod air with melody. Strctobod beneath a sturdy oak, I rest full length upon the sward, drinking in all tho beauty, tlio molody, and tho porfuino of tho fair morning. What a strange being I am. I imvo life, thought, and motion, bat I am in visiblo. I know tho minds, tho feelings, and tho souls of all witii whom 1 como in contact j but thoy never feel or seem to know of my presence. Bnt lust I I boar approaching foot steps. I raise mysolf slightly and seo coming towards mo a tall, broad-shoul- dored man in tho vory primo of life — a handsome man, with curling hair and blazing oyes. Elogantly is lio clad in tbo dreso of that period, immediately succeeding tbo revolution. Some tioublo is on bis mind, i'or his brows aro contracted, nnd bis hands very tightly clonched together, and ho mutters constantly to hiino-lf. I feel that I must bo with him, ami know his ways. So, gliding to his side, togetlior ws walk up tlia sloping pathway in tlio direction of that white, vinc-ombowored cdttago wo teo yonder up tho orcst of that green hill. I am not with tho poor fellow long before I know his troublo. His soul is dis tracted with jealousy, ITo BUBpeots hiB young brido of infidelity to liim. ' What shall I do ? ' ho moans almost constantly. ' Oh, what shall I do ? The womnn whom I had placed nbovo all others, and whom I hold dearer than my own soul, is false Perhaps it is Mnra- den jealousy that lias possession of mo. I can only wait and see— only wait nnd see." Wo nro now near tho house, and from out' of tho vino wreathed porch a girlish figure springs, and with light graceful stops skims over tho beautiful flower- covered lawn to moot and greet her husband. What a rarely beautiful croatnro aho is — with a form bo light, so wondrously moulded— such dowy brown oyes so full of tendornoss and oweot expression I Hor fair hair, that gleams and glints in tho aunsliiao, falls ovor shouldors ljko a golden voil, and her lips, red and clour as ripo Blrawborrios, part ovor teoth whitor than any pearl over extracted from tbo old ocean. I do not wonder thnt tho husband worships hor ns wildly as he docs. Sho throws her snowy, jowolled arms around tho broad shoulders of Marden, and holds up tho red and fragrant lips to bo kissed. I know the man fools like thrusting hor from him, and pouring forth upon hor dofencolees hoad tbo fury long smothered within his breath. Far hotter would it h'avo been had ho dono so. But he controls himself by a great effort lightly kisses tho littlo month, and walks on in silonce to the boaso, sho clinging to his arm. She is childish, innocent thing, I know. No gulio in her liosrt — no Btain on ber soul. How tsrriblo blind human ity is. I know hor thoughts, and can oven hoar tho blood as it ripplos througt lier veins, nnd know that ovory drop is consecrated to the broad shouldered, jealous creature whoso namo she boars. On arriving at tho houso Marodon excuses himself and rotircs to his apart ment. Bowing bis head upon a table, he mutters brokenly — ' Oh, it must bo so 1 Old Pompoy cannot bo mistaken. Twico, ho eays, has ho mot him in tho last ton days, at tho foot of tho meadow by the old oak tree. If I find this report to bo true, his lifo, at least, shall pay tbo penally for bringing disgrace on Harsdon'B name.' Oat iu tho gardon, ia the latticed sum mor houso a little white clad figure !b crouched in a cornor of tho rustio bonch, Bobbing faintly. ' I must toll Silas to-night. This sus pense is almost unondurabio. Silas is so proud — but then ho secured his pardon once, and gavo him monoy to start nfroBh — and ho thinks now ho is far away. Oh, how angry ho would bo did ho know of this now troublo ! Poor, erring boy, I lovo him so. To-morrow he will bo gone and then I will toll Silas— my dear, dear husband.' Sbo rises from hor seat, but slu- notices not tho scrap <-f whito paper llint lias fallen from her boeom to tho ground. By somo strango fatality Silas Marsdon enters the summer houso immediately his wife leaves it. Almost tho first objret thnt greets his gazo ia tho scrap of pnpor. liiiiiL'iiiiug evil in everything, lie gathers it ong.riy up, ami with font heating heart and changing countenance rends to fol lowing : ' Dearest — Moot mo st tbo old oak tree, at tho foot of the meadow, nt dunk this evening. To-morrow nil will lie over. Do nut fail to como, Luringly. Poor, unhappy Silos Mnrsden. One paroxysm niter another of rage nnd jealousy convulses his frnmo, nnd ho utturn curses loud nnd deep. Murder is in Mr heart, and it is sometime before ho grows calm enough to form his plan of definito action. Out in the sunny world all is joy and gindnoss. Tho oricketB chirp out clear nnd sluill ; myriads of birds pour thoir sweets songs ; and the broezo, ns it sweops softly onward, b-ars upon its bosom tbo periamoof a thousand bright flowors. But all this brightness, all this song and happiness, are not shared in by the misernhio Maradcu. Ilia blood surges through his veins liko seething molten firo, nnd his heart feels as if it would tear itself asunder. Back to tho houso bo presently rushed, nnd, calling his wifn to him, hurriedly tells hor thnt be has been sum moned away on urgent business, to bo dotninod he does not know how long. T'lio innocont wifo knowing not what ia in his heart bids him good-byo and wishes him success. The green-ojed monster, rankling in his sonl,J makes him fanoy that sho smiles and is cheerful at hie departure. Fearful of losing his self control ho runhed off and away through tho eweot scented forest toward tho villogo. « # Night, dark, gloomy night. Tlio sky an unearthly, lurid huo ; tlio atmosphere heavy and oppressive ; the occasional flash oi lighting ; tho sullen rnutterings of thunder among the hills ; tlio soughing sigh of the wind in the tall tree topn ; tlio weird wailing of tho great throated frogs in tlio river ; the low flight of tho leather-winged bat, all tell of on ap proaching form. Odd 1 but there, by that old oak tree, nt tho foot of the Mnrsden meadows, a man and woman aro lingering, By the strange light emitted from the clouds I seo them plainly. Ho is tall and hand some, she is Blight nnd graceful. The woman is Silas Marsden's wifo — the man — well, I know, becauso I know everything — but tho trembling angry man hero at my side does not. Silas Marsdcn and I, his constant, invisiblo companion, aro hero behind tho decaying trco that had been riven and blasted by tlio lightning bolt. Ho is nervously olutching n gleaming pistol, I gazing passively on. Wo hear tlio voices of tho man and tho woman. Thoy are talking low, and it seouiB lovingly. Now they aro about to part. Wo seo tho man-reach out his unuu uiiu uruw vuu wuiuuu tu nib urtiabb. Wo hoar him say, ' Farewell, my love,' nnd his lips met Iter's in lingering kisses. My God ! Tho man at my side leaps forth from his concealment witli an nnful cry — such as I bad never heard oefore— of mingled rage and despnir, and fires his pistol sovoral times in succession at tho conplo. An owl, alarmed at tbo unusual commotion, flags heavily away among tho trees ; a dreadful, death-like stillness now reigns ; tho sky assumes a blood-red hue, and imparts to all objects tho same horrible colour. Oh I it is a torrihlo night, and my heart growB numb with n ghastly terror, and tho vory marrow freezes iD my bones. Woro tlio Bhots effectivo ? Yes, very. For tho ninn lies motionless and dead, novor moving after falling so heavily to tbo ground. At a littlo distanco from him lies the woman — moaning and gasping -j lior whito dress all stained and dabbled witii blood ; tho rosebuds falling withered and dying from ber golden hair, and tho jowellcd hands clutching con vulsively at tho trembling grass. Oh 1 it is a terrible night. No sooner are tho shots fired, and tho man sees his dreadful work, than rcmorso seizes upon him, and bo rushes to tho side of the prostrate woman, and tenderly lifting ber bead from tho ground, pillows it upon his bosom. The great brown oyes unclose for an instant, and a light of joy illuminates them ; the polo lips murmur caressingly, ' My poor brother — dead — Silas, my husband — my own — .' But tho sontonco i» nover finished, for tho sunny head falls bock, tho loving oyes closo forever, and tho spotless, innocent soul is quietly borno by nngcl hands over tho jasper sea, through tho 'gates ajar,' to lifo and rest eternal, A terrible light dawns upon tho un happy murderer. With a hoarso cry of agony bo rushee to the dead man, and bending low ho looks closely at tlio up turned, rigid face. Tho coi'ntenanco tells an awful tale. ' My God ! ' ho gasps, My wife's ont- lawcd brother ? I thought ho wnB for away I Oh why was I so fearfully blind ? lie rises from tho gronod, and dashes like a hunted animal into a depth of tho forest. A flash of lightning, a hurst of thunder, and tho threatened atorm burst forth. Oil, it is a terrible night ! A wretched wanderer in Enrnpo, under nn assumed name, nftor a lapse of two years, I again see Silas Mursden. Ovor tho snow -covered mountains of Switzer land, tlio aminy slopes of Italy, the vinc- cliul bills oF Germany, tbo bonny vales of France, the foggy streets of London, tho gay resorts of Paris — here, there, everywhere, ho has sought the blessed boon of pence — surcenso from sorrow. But, alas 1 it is not granted him. A haggard, hnlf-crnzed man, ho wanders on and on, plunging into nil sorts of recklessness and debauchery, seeking for that which is denied him. Constantly his innocent victims ar with him— iu th« waking hours of tho dread midnight, in the full glare of tbo noonday sun, ill the crowded city, in tlio quiet coiintiy, be sees their hlnod-Rtnincd forms. Hourly lie curses himself ami liis blind jealously. Poor man — hard, indeed, in bis position 1 Now «o are back again in America, in tlio third storey of a squalid hotel in the lonely quarter ot a great city. It is midnight, and the anniversary of that terrible murder in tlio Mnrsden meadows. Again a fearful storm is raging. For three days Marsdcn has been without rc6t.. For hours lie Iibh laiu there upon that miserable cot, listening to tho bowling storm, striving to Fjrgot tlio past. The hour of midnight, rung out by n clock in n neighbouring belfry, is borne quivoringly by tbo sighing wind to Ills listening ears. Tbo last stroke dies away. With the old cry on his lips, Marsdcn springs from tho bed, draws a pistol from his bosom, placed it to bis tcmplo, fires, and sinks to tbo floor a bloody corpse. Beneath tlio spreading bough of the old oak by tho rivor. nt tho foot of tho Marsden meadows, I rest again. It is right, calm and clear, with n faint innon shining in tho sky. Sud denly tho sir grows denso with a buI- phurous odour, and from out tho gloom comes Silas Marsdcn, with tho same haggard restless look upon his fsco. He laps one skinny hand upon my shouldor and greets mo as lie would an old ac quaintance. The airs grew heavier with tho sulphurous smell, n ghastly bluo light illumines the scene ; tho hand resting on ray shoulder seems burring and searing my fiosti to tho very bone, a Btrango horror pervades my system — I try to scream, and make a dcBpcrato cf: fort to lenvo tlio spot ; a bell suddenly booms out with a sullen roar, and I find myself standing, dnzod and bewildered, in tho publio road, a fow feet from the Bpot whero I lay down to rest at tbo beginning of this story. I had certainly been asleep, and tho night was far advanced and dark as pitch. AU was Btill as death, save the mnrmuring of tho littlo rivor close by, 1 felt liko ono who had been suffering from a torrihlo night mare, and it was with difficulty that I find my nay back to tho village, and to my lodgings. After that I was sick for several days ; but the physician said my illness was caased by lying on tho damp gronnd. I did not tell him of my strango experience nor of tlio painful condition , of my sboaider, which lingered with mo for many dayB. I am not a euporstitious person, but I shall always firmly bolisve that tho ghost of tlio dead and gono Marsden returned to earth that nicrht and took mo with him down the valo of years, and Bliowcd mo his past life. — Sunday Times 