YOUNG MRS. JARDINE. By the author of 'John Halifax, Gentlbman.' . - Chapter vi. (CONTINUEOi. Rj.le:ick leu hia lirai.i almost whirling with tile slroug consiraiot he put upon him self. ' One thinp^nore vou shall decide.'1 he said. '? The train starts this afternoon at the very hour wheu I ought to be — you know where. Shall I delay my journey — just for one day?' ' ' xVu for aa hour !' Silence answered, almost pa&siouately.; ' Remember, you never can have but one mother. Go to her at And so he went, without another word, scarcely another kink ; he dared not trust him self to either. Another intnun^ and he shuul.i have snatched the girl in bis arms, forgetting the dead mother close by, or the living presence of Sophie Reynier, who just then entered — forgetting everything in the wide world except that he must have her, must shelter her in his bosom, and tell her that he was her one home I for ever, that he would die for her — or, bettei I still, live for her — the only woman in ihe world I who could make life worth having. Frantic — I impetuous vow .' made by how many lovers, I and kept by how few 1 I But it was not made now. The two or I three minutes he stayed were occupied in expiaining to Sophie Reynier a»out the tele gram, his mother's illness, his compelled journey, and his certain return as soon as possible. ' Vou will say all this to M. Reynier ? And I shall find her with you when I come back ?' ** Certainly. Yis.': ' Yon will take care or her ?' ' I will.' lie looked at kind Sophie. Theie was the tender light uf her luve for her own gou.i young pasteur shining in her eyes. *' Thank you !' Roderick took her hand and kissed it. and was gone. «joue — without the slightest explanation or promise on either side. Still, he did not fee. unsatisfied. Though he iett her free, he was himself bound. It is not troth- plight thai creates love ; and often the pledges kept longest and faithfullest are, so to speak, those which were never made. No actual confession had he won — it could not be. But her little cold hand had clung to his a moment, and she had uttered, unhesita tingly, her soft firm ' Yes,' implying thai trust which is a man's best pride, a woman's safest refuge — for love without trust is a broken reed. Above all, she had bade him go, had helped him to do his duty. Roderick remeui bf-j-ed once hearing his father say that the deepest tenderness a woman can show to a man is to help him to do his duly. Though he wa& going away, going far out of sight of her sweet presence into what seemed a lonely wilderness of a world — Roderick was not unhappy. He had no time for much thinking about himself— trains wait for no man — and there were a good many Dreparations for his sudden quitting of the dear little town which had grown quite home-like to him. Even the honest garcon at the hotel looked triste at the departure of ' lc monsieur anglais,' who had always been so pleasant and kind to everybody, and felt a certain consolation, which, indeed, Roderick himself shared, as if it were a sort of paction with Providence, when he decided only to pack his valise, leaving the best part of bis luggage behind him. Thus independent of ' baggage,' he could rush from station to station— so as not to lose a moment on his journey home ; for he had de termined not to stop, either for sleep or food, if he could help it, till he found himself at Richeraeii. ; Those plaintive words, 'Yon never can have but one mother,' seemed continually to ring in his ears, rousing him to all his forgotten duties, his dormant affections. He had never felt himself so much her son as now, when he was aljnut to bring to his mother a new daughter. And such a daughter ! ' Soon, soon they will all feel how good she is ; how she will neiD me to be good. My darling ! my onlv darling 1' Ann as. all in the rainy dark, he whirled through the Val de Travers, watching dreamily the black outlines of the ravine which he had passed in mid-day sunshine such a little while ago— yet it seemed half a life-rime— and thought of her, sitting in the empty house, the poor motherless child ! his whole heart melted over her— that iull, tender, manly heart, ootof which the lonely self-absorption,— only that, not selfishness— and die restless yearning bad v 1 2™& awa* Ir was not ?*«»? «ta» e had found— ' t'Bk spirit's mate, compassionate and wise' ' Every man in love find this, or fancies he hat fourd it ; but some divine instinct told him he had also found a helpmeet-a creature not only to love, but to believe in-oot only to chensh, bat to rest upon; die sort of woman of whom it is said, 'The heart of her husband may safely trust in her : she will do him eood and not evil all the days of her life. There are women, the love of whom, and dieir love, given or returned, is a curse to any man ; but when Roderick, having sat wakeful all night, endlessly dunking, just before dawn dropped into a fiitful. brief sleep, die last word lie murmured to himself was, ' My blessinc my blessing !' ft was true. — »-». Catching die morning mail from Paris, be reached London die same night. His twenty-' (bar hoars' journey made turn feel excesstrdv tired ; for though perfectly heaithv he had not die tobustness of some at his age— would al vays be die sort of nun woo isthe better for a 'onun's quiet, watchful care in small things, itrong emaiion especially always took die ife out of him in a painful way, till he was talf ashamed of feeling so ill fcr nothing. Hatching «tght of himself in an hotel mirror he [ottestarted. ' She would think I look like a ghost.' And the new delicious sensation — of the luly of taking care of one's self, oi regarding ? even wretched meat and drink,''if one be ' dear to s ime one else' — came upon him till ie actua'ly blushed, like a girl aimiring her. i*n lieauty because it is pleasant in other eyes —and — ordered his sapper I The temptation was strong to go to bed and leep ; he was so very tired, and the London i itel was *- quiet and comfortable; besides it vas rather pleasant to hear his native tongue limjuI him once more. Bat no ; she had bade lim not to delay an hour ; and every hour, as ie drsW nearer home, bis sensitive temperament ihrank with a vague dread from some sort of armless evil that might be awaiting him there, tad in his secret heart Roderick a little shrank Toni pain. ' I am not half as brave as she,' he thought. ' I should have to go 'through life ' *ith all my nerves outside,' as I once heard somebody say, if I bad not her to help me. Ktlt I shall have ier, thank God ! Only a brief time — as brief i- I can make it — and I will have you my darling !' Meantime he did as he knew Silence would have wished him to do— gathered up all his strength of body and mind, and took the night mail to Rieherdeil. He got there about four in the morning — a thorough Richerden morning, or rather night — of sleet and . snow and . blinding rain. Eo ? irely worn out with fatigue,' he' came at last to his mother's door. For the moment he hardly oelieved il was his mother's, but that he must have made some egregious mistake. For the bouse Was all lighted up, carriages tWrfi CdajJHg and going, laii tily muflled Hgnres filled the entrance-hall —it was evidently the breaking up of some ? i-stire entertainment. lie had pictured to himself the silent house —the night of anxious vigil over sickness — death ; for even that last terror had, as he n eared home, forced itself upon his weakened nerves. Instead, he came in at the end of a ball ! 'My mother — how is my mother? were I [he first words that passed bis lips— they bad I lieen knelling themselves into his tired brain I for the tast hundred miles. I There she was, standing half-way up die I staircase, in her ruby velvet, point lace, and all I ablaze with diinionds— a little tired and old- 1 looking, as was natural at four in the morning, I hut beaming with health, good-nature, and the exuberant enjoyment of life. What a contract to the dead mother whom he had left in her coffin so man}' hundred miles away I . ! Watting for a pause in the stream of guests. Roderick hid himself behind the shadow of the door, till Mrs. Jardine's voice, loud and hearty, had repeated a series of hospitable adieus. Thence be emerged, a somewhat forlorn figure, into the brilliant glare of light. ' Goodness me, Rody I is that you, my I dearest boy? Girls your brother Is here !' I She wrapped hind in a voluminous erabrpce, j and kissed him many times with true maternal I warmth. ?? .Mather, you have not been ill ? There if nothing wrong with ynu ?' 'No, my daiting ; what shou'd there be? Oh, I remember — the telegram.' A sudden cloud came over her face, which was repealed with added shadow on her son's ' Yes, the telegram. I thought you were ill, and Tfcame home, as you bade me, immediately. Never mind. Good night.' *' Stop, my dear. Just stop.' But be would not ; and went straight op stairs to his own room. 