THE SEAL OF THE SNAKE: A SECRET IN SEVEN COILS. Bi K. E. Franoillon. COIL THE FIRST. LITTLE ETIENNE'S COUSIN. Immediately after the Peace of Amiens, that is to say in the month of March, 1802, a young Englishman—anybody oould see he wae an Englishman—was walking rapidly along one of the quays of the oity of Bordeaux, The Bun shone hotly and brightly in a clear blue sky; and the young Englishman's rapid and elastic movement was at once defiant of the heat, and in full accord with the bright ness of the day. One would be tempted to exclaim, " There goes a man who has just heard good news 1" And there was moreover something elBe that was noteworthy about him. beyond hiB vigorous swing, his slender but athletio figure, and a clean shaven face that was something more than passably good looking. As an Englishman he had till but a few days ago been an enemy to France, and therefore, presumably, a stranger to Bordeaux. And as such, hiseyeashould have been those of a stranger, taking note of a strange oity—they should be buBy with the houses, with the people—they should, at least, give a glanoe now and then to the broad Garonne, in years past crowded with shipping, but now trans formed by war into a desert, and by the un broken sunlight into a silver blaze. So far from this, their outlook was that of one too accustomed to a familiar scene to heed his surroundings, and free to let his thoughts ramble or fix themselves whither or where they pleased. At present they elected to fix themselves on the most distant point of the sky, and to smilo at what they saw there. And his feet were not a whit more strangers to the city than his eyes; for they not only led him straight along the quay, whioh was no great matter, but, as if pursuing a route to which they were so well accustomed as to take it mechanically, presently left the river side and finally, after many complicated turnings, stopped as of their own accord he fore a large and ancient mansion, flush with the street, in the Hue Sainte-Croix, in the old quarter of the city. Whether that Rue Sainte-Croix still appears in any reoently published map of Bordeaux I do not under take to say, much less whether it still bears the same name. It may be some Rue Scbnabelld for aught 1 know; it may have disappeared in what is sarcastically termed municipal improvement—it is enough that the street was there then beyond question, and was no lesB unquestionably called the Rue Sainte-Croix, while about its crooked nar rowness there could be no question at all. It was not everybody who rang with so confident a band and with such pleasantly expectant eyes for admittance to that big and gloomy mansion in that gloomy street witn its high gables, its low-browed mul, lioned windows, its rich and elaborate mould ings, and its general air of antiquated and unfashionable grandeur. For it waB the hereditary residence of no less a personage than Maitre Pierre-Btienne Pasqual, Pro cureur of the Republic One and Indivisible. And this Maitre Pierre-Etienne had inherited a great deal more from his long line of ances tors than a very substantial fortune and the family mansion in the Rue Sainte-Croix. From time that was virtually immemorial, the Pasquals had been among the most eminent of the Noblesse de la Robs ; from generation to generation they had supplied Presidents. Chancellors, and all manner of high jndicial and legal dignitaries to the Parliament of Bourdeaux, intermarrying either with other Parliamentary families, or only into the very cream of the " Haut Commerce," when they condescended to the Bourgeoisie — the merchant princeB who gave Mayors and Jurats to tneir ancient city, as consistently as the Pasquals gave it Presidents, Chancel lors, and Advocates and Procurators Royal. And somehow, throughout all the fortunes of foreign warfare and civil strife, whereof Bordeaux had its full share, a Pasqual always catue out uppermost, like the six of a leaded die. Not that the simile holds good in its more suggestive aspeot; because the austere integrity of a Pasqual was as notorious as the bell-tower of the oathedral* Only one Pasqual had broken the magisterial tradi tions of his bouse-a Pierre-Bouis Pasqual, the eldest son of two generations ago, who married the only daughter and heireBS of a colonial planter, and, leaving municipal honours to his younger brother, cnltivated indigo instead of law. And even so rabid a scattering of wild oats had long ago been pardoned, seeing that the harvest of them had made the planter a millionaire .long before he died. The present representative of the younger «nd magisterial branoh, and the aotaal occu pant of the histories! Hotel in the fine Bain te-Croix, to wit Pierre-Etienne Pasquahj was a very Paeqoal of Pasqualo—one who in -any other famQy wonld'-have been regarded as a man of peouliar mark altogether. Aristocrat to the Daokbone, and without the least sacrifice of its rigidity, the fury of the' Beign of Terror, more terrible in Bordeaux than even in Paris itself, left Pierre JStieone more fixed than' over in the regard of his fellow-oitizenB, and In the oonfiiienoe of the powers that were, even thongh, as an advocate, he had apparently courted the -guillotine or the noyade by_ his defence of proseripts and royaluts, while accepting as an acoomplished fact the new rdgime. And soon after the establishment of the Consulate it was the most natural thing in: the world that Maitre Pasqual should become Proeorer General of the Republic for the Department of the Glronne. Hot a wind blew, not a hurricane raged from north, sonth, east, or west that did not bring him promotion; not a house fell aronnd him that did not strengthen the fonndatione of hie o -yn. If he played the part of the Vicar of Bray it was with the air of an Aristides, and Plutarch's \- heroeB were the vogue in th' >-e days. With a pleasant nod and Smile to the porter who opened to hi <1, and who gave him back both, the young Englishman passed the whole length of the long and narrow entrance ball with its grand staircase, and always with the air of one who was perfectly at home, entered, without knocking for per mission, a room that led out of a snort passage at the further end. If the house, without and withio, was fall of character, this room was saturated with it, and exhaled it again from every dark eorner. One was even sensible of the exhalation; for the four walls were lined, from the blaok polished floor to the blackened panels of the crumbling eeiling, withtahelves of books that emitted the odour entirely peculiar to folios, and only folios that treat of law—and only of law from which the life has gone. -The bodies of the Paequala lay for the most part in the vault in the Chnroh des Feuillacs; this seemed to be the cemetery of their eouls. The folios were not eo muon books as tomb stones. Here, in the odour of mouldering labour, lay buried the learned Heemsten kerchiuB, who devoted eleven entire folios, in exceedingly Flemish Latin, to a single title of the Pandects; here, the no less learned Canon Nicholas i Bnrdigala, who made a dash for immortality—and no donbt thought he had reached it—by a colossal digest of the customs ot liuienne; nere ljuiipranuus iiug dunensis, Dirtusque Juris Doctor, dis coursed pleasantly, and in bis own delight fully discursive way, on the relations be tween the Salio and the Canon laws, with illustrations from the Chinese Constitution which would have remained unrecognised even by a mandarin, Norman feuds, the canons of the Churoh, the privileges of Bordeaux, the assizes of Guienne, the Imperial edicts, rescripts, and novels, the wild attempts of jurists to make the interests of nations square with Christian morals, joBtled one another with the grim humour which belongs to a common grave . . . and through the window the blazing sun itself was rendered dim. For that one lowinlet of light gave upon a terrace dark with the shadow of a line of dipped yew trees, and dank with their oozings, Between each pair «f yewB grew a cypress from a tub, and between each pair of cypresses had been {ilaced a measled statue—a Venus who had ost one arm, a Diana who had lost two, a Bacchus with both arms, but without a head, or a waist and two legs that might onoe upon a time have belonged to Meroury, the patrpn of advocates and—thieveB, It was si dismal outlook from a gloomy room, and what secretB had been whispered there the walls alone could tell—what secrets of full five hundred years ; what shy confidences—what unspeakable crimes, , . . The young Englishman threw himself into the ileast uncomfortable corner of the least unoon fortable oouch, and—whistled a tune. A tune ? It was a hornpipe—a hornpipe in the very presence of Heemstenkerohius, of LuitpranduB Lugdunensis, of Nioholas & Burdigala: a vulgar British hornpipe under 4he eyes of a one-armed Venus, and with a itri- colonred scarf thrown over a ohairback 'before the whistler's eyes. No wonder that ■one outraged folio in the darkest corner next -the window opened and then closed with a bang. For that whistle, though tuneful enough, was an outrage then and there. One does not whistle hornpipes in a churchyard. If the learned HeemBtenkerohius had whistled, the world would have been richer by one folio the less—perhaps by two. But if it was Heemstenkerohius who was outraged, HeemBtenkerohius had his revenge. His ghost emerged from that darkest of .corners, and took the form of— A girl 1 The hornpipe came to a sudden stop, as she -came forward into such light as the yews and cypreBseB allowed. And, indeed, where was the tune so bold as so keep ^oing before so unexpected an apparition ? The Englishman <rose to his feet somewhat awkwardly, and there they stood facing one another with the air of criminals suddenly detected; he, in being cheerful out of place; she in—not in studying Heemstenkerchius, one may be sure. Hue was a very young girl—not more man fifteen at moat, and with the awkward angu larity belonging to that particular age. Her face, from which straight black hair was drawn back tightly and smoothly behind the ears, was thin and pale—it might even be railed sallow, with bnt very little apparent promise of heanty in time to come. The ■Englishman had an eye for such things, or at any rate thonght he had, and the delicate upward curl of the nose, contradicted by the straight, grave brows and the firmly pointed chin, seemed to him rather bizarre. Her back being towards the window, and her face being altogether very much in the dark, he could not very well see what sort of eyes she bad, beyond that they were probably dark, and certainly large, if not too large ana womanly for the small faoe and the child like cnrve of the thin lips that were now ever so little parted. It was not snch a very startling apparition, then, after all? Possibly not—on paper. Bnt it so happened that, for a certain excellent reason, this particular Englishman chanced to be not only somewhat shy for his three-and- twenty years, but, after the manner of snch persons, secretly ashamed of being shy; sua to a young man of that sort there is simply nothing so formidable on the face of rthe earth as a girl of fifteen. "Mademoiselle," he said, with snoh cour tesy as one might pay to a middle-aged .princess, yet in whioh the grave, nnoonsoions eagerness of boyhood lingered not ungrace fully, "I am bo sorry—it never oame info my head that anybody was in the room— and" Never till the day of his death did he guess that it was she who had been the shyer and the more Btartled of the two. For it was with the most perfect self-poBseBsion and even with the daintiest suggestion of a smile tthat she answered him— "It is of do importance. Monsieur no : doubt desires to see Monsienr le Procureur ?" The little epeeob was stiff, bat the voioe was olear and sweet—much sweeter than he bad learned to associate with the girls of Gnienne. "I came to eee him Mademoiselle. I thongbt I should, find him here." "I am eorry, Monsienr. Maitre Pasqaal is from home." " And at what hour f — "Will he return? He left early this morning, and he will not be back till to morrow evening—so he left word." " The devil be is—I beg ten thousand par dons, Mademoiselle. I mean—I mean that £ am very sorry indeed." "If Monsieur wisheB to see Monsieur le Procureur's Secretary " " Not in the least. It is not a matter of buBiness, Mademoiselle. I only wished to aay good-by to Monsieur le Ptocnreur before leaving Bordeaux. And no w I shan't be able, it eeems—and I am very eorry. I shouldn't like to leave my message with a servant, and —shall you be seeing Monsieur le Procureur when he returns ?" " Certainly, Monsienr ; aB soon as he re turns." " Wonld yon mind giving bim a message from me ? Wonld you tell bim bow sorry I am to have miBsed seeing him and thanking him for all Mb kindness ? Especially as it can never be repaid. Would you tell him that, Mademoiselle ?" "Certainly, Monsienr. With pleasure. And from whom Bhall I say the message comes ?" "From little Etienne's tutor, Made moiselle." "Yen are little Etienne's tutor? You don't " She stopped suddenly, and he smiled, She had been putting on snch grown-up airs, with her grave little formal speeches, that her narrow escape from a childish speech gave him a little more of the confidence befitting a man who had been her age full eight years ago. "I don't look much like a tutor? You are quite right, Mudemoiselle—though 1 asBure you I try my very hardest. The fact is, I'm afraid I don't feel very much like one, and"— " So you are little Etieone'a tutor! 1 don't think / should like co be little Etienne's tutor," she said reflectively. "No, I'm sure I shouldn't," she added, with a sudden smile, which made one doubt whether she might not some day become a little pretty, alter all. "And what do you teach him, Mon sienr? Little Etienne is my cousiu, you know." In troth he knew nothing of the kind, for since Maitre Pasqual had been left a widower with an only child no kinBwoman had jarred with the masculine austerity of the house in the Rue Saint e-Croix. Well—it was as well to know that she was not the ghoBt of a Dutch jurist, but a real girl, even though cousin of a Procureur, It did seem incon gruous that Maitre Pasqual should have a girl cousin; but then one need not be more than three-and-twenty to find out that in congruity is the universal law. "What do I teach him? Oh, all sorts of things. I've got a theory of teaching. Mademoiselle. It's this—that a boy should never be kept longer at the same thing than it amuses him. Variety—that's the grand principle." "I see!" " So as soon as he has read a little history, I give him a fencing lesson; then arithmetic— that's soon over ; then, if it isn't too hot, I teach him how to climb a tree, or go up a rope hand over hand ; then Latin; then we talk about things in general—that's the con versational method, Mademoiselle. And if the little rasoal doesn't tell me a good deal more than 1 tell him 1 Then we make up stories, one against the other—and—in short, its wonderful what a lot of subjeots one can get into a single lesson, with a little eoonomy of time. And little JEtienne's a charming little fellow. It's a pleasure to teach him— except,, perhaps, the history, and the arith metic, and the Latin. But of course one can't expect a boy to take to everything alike, Mademoiselle. He can climb—like a monkey; and he can make up stories—why the Arabian Nights are nowhere to him, when he's in the mocd." " Ah, Monsieur I I wish you—I mean your method is magnificent. Monsieur; it is superb. I also have thought abont education—a great deal—more than most girls. And oh the stupidity of teachers—you would hardly believe. . . . I think my little cousin wiU be sorry to lose so—so excellent a tutor, Monsieur." For a moment he was half afraid that she was laughing at him in her sleeve, but the large, soft, grey eyeB—they were in the light now—reassured him. "He will be sorry, and bo shall I—for, child bb he is, we are friends. I wiBh he wasn't quite so delicate; he must keep up his fencing, Mademoiselle." " I suppose you are going to Paris, Mon sieur? 1 come from near PariB, you know." " No, indeed ! I'm going back to my old trade, thank heaven, if there's still a corner left in it for me. I am a Bailor, Mademoi selle." "A sailor! Of course, now the peace is come, there will be trade again, and shipping. Monsieur le Procureur was saying so only yesterday"— "Youmean the merchantBervice. Mo—I have the honour to belong to the navy, Mademoiselle. And as for the peace—yes, they've patched np a thing called a peace; but between France and England—between the wolvee and the hounde. I'm going to find a ship, if I'm not the most unluoky devil alive; but it'e not because I think this peace of theire is worth a sou. We've got to fight it out yet; and Monsieur le Procureur will tell you the Bame. . . . But I must be off now. . . . You will wish me a good voyage, and good luck, Mademoiselle ?" She bad been getting almost cordial; he in his professional eagernesB, had for a moment almost forgotten her girlhood and her fifteen years. But when, with his last words, he held out bis hand, he found still better reason for forgetting both these things. The girl had positively frozen. " Pardon, Monsieur," she said ioily. " I will deliver your message to Monsieur le Procureur." She turned her back upon him, and busied herself with examining the book shelves, as if she considered herself to he alone, leaving him standing awkwardly with extended hand. " How have I been putting my foot into it now?" be asked himself anxiously. "Well, I'm always doing it, Bomehow; ana if I didn't do it one way I should be safe to do it another. . . . Thank yon, Mademoiselle, about the message; and good day. I'm sorry you can't wish me good luck. IshQuld have liked a good last word to carry sway from Bordeaux." 1 She tnrned round again, and faced him. " I wish you the worst luok. ... . I am an Englishwoman, Monsieur f - *' The devil yon are 1" exclaimed he, almost forgetting her ill-omened wish, and quite for getting bis genders, " So am 11" "An Englishman—You? And a French sailor? For shame! No—I will not give your message-rand" There is no express ing he r't a om. - "What I",'lie exclaimed,hisface glowing— " Yon think 1, an English sailor, am in the service of France, going to fight against Eng land ? i VP by, if I were each a piece of vermin 1 should deserve to ewing from -the yardarm. . , , Give my 'messagej Indeed, if yon thought that? "1- "should -think not; as if I should have had theibipudenoe to ask you. . . Did you'ever hear of the Gadfly, who with fifty-guns fought three French ships of the line off Santa Maria in the Azores ?" "No!" " It wasn't the Gadfly's fault that for onoe the Frenchmen got the better. We'd come to close quarters in a sea fog, and didn't know We' were one to three. You'mustn't think badly of the Gadfly—she fought it out as long aa she could hold together. I'm proud of having been beaten like that. It isn't every fifty-gun frigate that has fought three linerof-battle ebips at olose quarters all at once, and left one crippled. ... I am Lieutenant Francis Grehvil, of 'the Gadfly— or w hat was left of her four years ago"—1— "Oh 1" It was not much of an answer in itself, that " Oh !" But for all that, it waB like the unfreezing of her spirit, and her heart leaping into life again. "Till yesterday a prisoner of war; and now, after four years, thank God, going home." " Oh, Monmeur! You are a real English man—a real English sailor? An English sailor who has really fought the French and is going to fight them again ?" She spoke with voice and eyes flashing with eagerness, and breaking freely into English as she went on. "Oh, I am so glad, Monsieur—no, not Monsieur/ Four years-do yon know that 1 have not been- home for eight years, nor spoken an English word, except to myself, for five? No, not since mamma died—and 1 thought—I thought I should never have the chance of it again. I'm so glad I was in the room when you came; I han no business to be here at all. so of course that makes it all the better. But why didn't you esoape baok to England long ago? 1 should, if I'd been a men, it was sbe who held out ner hand this time — partly, as sbe made bim feel, that this eager voluble little Englishwoman might make amende for the polite and dignified joung lady who had received him ao stiffly, and still more for the outraged patriot who had turned ber back, upon him as an enemy and spurned him aB a traitor. He took her hand and held it as one clasps that of a friend. "I was on parole," he said. "And I'm rather sorry for it some ways. I'm afraid I've got not to hate the French quite as muoh as I ought—people have been very kind, espe cially Monsieur le Procureur; and then there's my little pupiL I could have made a man of him. But"— " But you must hate them, you know. It's your duty. Of course I respect Monsieur le Procureur, and poor little Etienne oan't help being Frenoh, oan he? But I hate the Frenon all the same—especially the govemfeBsss. No, Monsieur—never onoe have I forgotten that I am English—English to the backbone. Ah, and it wants some courage; I have had my battles too. You have fought men—at amy rate Frenchmen—one to three; but you don't know what it is to be among a lot of French girls, one to forty, and to hold your own. And it isn't only the girla. I oan manage them; but when the governesses take part againBt one it is unfair. 1 fought h girl once,' with my hands, for saying that everjr Englishwoman has red hair. And positively just for that, Monsienr, they made me stand on a form for the rest of the leoture, and for a whole week they made me take my coffee withont eugar—only imagine. Monsieur! But I didn't care. I had won!" "That I'll be bound yon had!" said Francis, laughing. "By the LordHarr^if everi've the luck to get a ship, yon Bhall be first lien tenant; and we'll give the Gadfly's story another end. It must be the very devil—I beg your pardon, Mademoiselle—the very deuce; forty girls 1" "Yes, indeed! Bnt don't call me Made moiselle, Monsieur"— He was taken aback, and no wonder. Ho looked to see if she was joking, bnt there was no symptom of & jest about either lips or eyes. She was still as grave as the folios that served her for a background, as sadly serious as the dew-stained Diana between the yewe. He shook his head, half touched, half amused. "I am afraid that would hardly do," said he. " Or rather I'm quite eure it would never do." He waB touched by a sim plicity that he, young as he was, was man enongh to understand; he waB amused at the notion of the effect upon his father, his mother, and his three Bisters, when their long-lost son and brother brought a school girl from France into the Devonshire rectory that be called home. "Are you so very anxious to go back to England ?" ho asked, checking the slight smile which, somehow, he hoped she had not seen. "Are you not?" _ "Of course, But then England means everything to me—my profession, my family, all my friends—" " Ah—and you would say I have no pro fession, no family, no friends. It iB true. My father had relations, I suppose, but I never heard of them. Mamma is buried iu France; all the relations I know anything about are here. And yet—and yet— Why would it not do for me to go to Edgland with you? I would go by myself, only I don't know the way." "And when you get there, what should you do ?" "Oh, what you have been doing here. I oould teach, you know. Of course I haven't learned very muoh; but then one needn't know very much, need one, to teach in your way. I couldn't manage the fencing or the Latin; but I could set sums out of a book with answers at the end, and I oan show any body the way up a tree if it isn't too far to the branches and the trunk isn't too smooth; and I can listen to storiee, and as to talking about—what was it?—'things in general'— Oh, I can talk, Monsieur!" "No doubt about that," thought Franois. while considering whether a little sarcasm might not lurk at the bottom of her enthu siasm for this method of instruction. " Yet, that's all very well for boys," said he; " but girls want other things you know—oross stitching, and the use of the globes"— "Ob, anybody can cross their stitohes and twirl ronnd a globe," said she, with soorn. " But yon haven't told me why it would never do to take me to England" "Because of course it wouldn't What would Monsieur le Frocureur say when he came home and fonnd that little Etienne's conBin had been carried off by little Etienne's tutor—why, it would be a regular casus belli : we should have war again in a week" " And isn't that just what you wanted ?— war ?" "Of course I do. I don't want to have been wasting the four best years of a fellow's life without wanting to get them back again. It just puts me in a rose when I think of the fighting, and the prizes, mid the promotions that have.been going on while I've been noting drynors:> toa- Hbe's a dear little fellow, bnt it does put me in a rage, all the same., How would ycii like it, to. beleft out in thetocld; while' everybody alee was walking op over your-bead, and- getting all -the fan } - -Why, wheti I"go back I shallhave to*movs heaven, earth, and the Admiralty to get a ship, and bejdeviliah lucky if they naven't forgotten my name." . " I won't, unless- yon call me Monsienr. Bnt I thought yon told me yon were little Etienne's cousin? tio how oan yon be English i You can't be a prisoner of war 1" "I'm worse than that, a great deal. Iam an exile—a reel exile. Monsieur. Oh dear 1 And I shall be more of an exile still, in a very few days. . . . "Son see my grandmother wasn't an Englishwoman, at least not exaetly an Englishwoman. It doesn't' make me lees an Englishwoman, Monsienr, does it, for one's grandmother to have been born out of England, bnt not in France, yon know, if she married an Englishman, and lived in England all the rest of her days ?" "It doesn't seem to have made you less English, anyhow. So I should say no—very deoidedly no." " W< U, yon see, ehe was a sort of a eeoond conein of Monsieur 1° Prooureur. Her name waB Pasqual, but the came from the lele of France, where she was born, to be educated in Paris; and she ran away with my grand father before she was eighteen. He was an Englishman; an English soldier, which is next best to an English sailor, Mon sieur. 'He was Colonel Vernon—the Colonel Vernon who was at the siege of Quebec, and was -killed at Gibraltar. I have his miniature; and I have my grand; mother's too. Sucn a beautiful faee, Mon sieur! A complexion like a oream-white rose, and bair ever so much blacker than mine, and eyes, not grey like mine are, but a lovely .golden brown. I remember her when Ehe was old ; and she was beautiful still, with her dark eyes and her white hair—tall and grand, but with a smile it did one good to see. We were a little afraid of her, mamma and me, especially mamma; bnt we loved her dearlv all the same. She was mamma's mother, not my fathers: he was a soldier, too, and when he Was killed, before I was old enough to remember, we went to live with her. And then ehe died; and then it came out that somehow or other she left mamma next heiress to all the property in the Isle of France; and my uncle out there, whose heiress she beoame, sent for her and me to go out there, and we had to go—we left England on my seventh birthday, Mon sieur. But just then the war broke out again, and Monsieur la Procnrnur didn't think it safe for ub to leave Franoe, . . . And then, when 1 was ten years old, 1 lost poor mamma, . . > And that's how 1 come to be little Etienne's cousin, Mon sieur." Francis was not very mnoh wiser than before; and indeed it is never very easy to follow other people's genealogy, espeoially when it is delivered in a single breath and without a diagram. However, it gave him a general notion that she was somehow con nected with the Pasauals through a oolonial grandmother; and this at any rate enabled im to remark— "I see." " Yea; and how I have come to be five years at a French school. They don't let people out on parole there, Monsieur. Mon sieur le Procureur has been very kind, though; 1 must say that. He has always let me have everything I wanted, and of course one can't expect a great man like him, who has read all these books, to waste his time over girl's troubles. And even the school wasn't a bad place—now that I'm not going back again. : Isn't it odd that you should j net be out of your French prison and I juBt out of my French school almost the very same day ? And both meet in the last place where either of us was likely to be?" "It has been very pleasant any way. It is as if a bit of England had come out to meet me half-way home. Can I carry any letter any message? I oroas to morrow,you know. Can I do anything for you on my way ?" " Ho; things don't happen by chanoe," she said, with an altogether new air—a sudden philosophic gravity, befitting the sooiety of Heemstenkerchius and hlioholas h Burdi gala. " Yes. You can do something for me." "Then it is done, Mademoiselle," said FranciB, who had not lived four years in France altogether for nothing. "Take me to England, Monsieur." " I should not think they will forget the Gadfly," said she. " Yea; there must be war again; there shall. I'll tell you a Bplendid way. They'll give you a ship the minute you get home—I know they will." " Ab, it's clear though you don't know the Admiralty. Why, if an officer don't keep his interest alive be might sb well spend four years io digging hiB own grave." "And the minute you get one you will spread all your sails, and follow a big Bhip called the Quatre SceurB, that starts this day week for the Hie of France from here, with all sorts of merobandiBe on board, and—me. mat B wnere x m going, insieau 01 .ungiana— you can find where it is on the map—right on the other Bide of the world. You'll catch her very easily, for ob soon as we get into the middle oi the sea I'll get up in the night and pour water over the gunpowder and cut holeB in all the sails, . . . You'll have to take me to England, then—n'est cepas, Monsieur?" " And by the Lord Harry I believe you'd do it!" he exclaimed, amused and amazed. "I will do more than that," she said, gravely. " 1 have thought it all out already. They shall think they've got a witch on board. I'll take the glasses out of the telescope" Suddenly she stopped in mid career, and flushed crimson. Francis could help it no longer—he laughed out loud, even in the cabinet of Monsieur le Procureur. " Please forgive me !" he said at last. " I'm awfully sorry, but piracy?'' " Pray don't mention it," said she, suddenly freezing again. " I thought an English sailor was always ready to—but never mind. It is highly proper to be prudent, Monsieur; at least so they teach the girls at school. I am not at all offended. Let us ohange the sub jeot. . . . What do you think of witoh oraft, Monsieur ?" Francis was getting a little bewildered with the girl. He was by no means alow, but he was not need to chasing a girl who was neither child nor woman, and yet both at once, through all her moods mid phases. And it vexed him a little that she should have taken thiB last new tone with him, absnrd as it w&b; to be vexed with anything bo absurd. " Witchcraft! Why witchcraft ?" he asked, bringing hiB brains to bear upon this new turn, like a three-decker trying to bring a broadside upon a yacht that was at one moment under her bows and the next aBtern. " Is there really such a thing?" she asked, with knitted browB. " Why, of course not"— " Yea— why of course not?" "Because—because there can't be. It's absurd." "Then yon don't think there are witohes— t>iat there never were ? Because of oonrseif there ever were, there are—unless they .bumcfl them alL'.' "Of course there never were—out of a fairy tale. Aek even little Etienne—he'e great on witchee, and ghosts, and all sorts of hobgoblins; but if you asked him if he believed in tbem he'd assuredly refer you to —themarinea." "Ah, but a law-book isn't a fairy tale; and gnat lawyers and judges, like Monsieur le Frocureur, -must know more about it than little Etienne. . . _. I used to think I should like to be a witch, to make people do what I want, and to fly about through the Mr. But 1 don't now. . . . It is dreadful; it is horrible: it is more than I oanunderstand. Monsieur le Proourtur doesn't like me to touch his books, and he would aoold me if he knew; but I opened one, and 1 couldn't help reading. I was reading it when you made me "start by whistling—I thought for a moment that—It was the history of a real trial of witoheB: it was at Marseilles. . . . I oan't tell you now horrible; I wish I could understand—No; I don't want to under stand. ... Do you think great lawyers and learned men would torture and hang and bum women for being witoheB if there was no snch thing?" " Indeed I do," said Francis. " They used to do it—even in England. Bat people are wiser now." " But suppose they are not wiser ? Suppose they only fanoy they are ? Then not killing tb< m, the witches 1 mean, would be more dreadful still. , . . Only think if there are women going about the world, married to the devil—that's what the book says a witoh is—nobody knowing who they are, and tortur ing and murdering and making people waste away and blighting their liveB and their souls? ... I can't bear to read about it—" " Then wny ao yon r "I don't know—I suppose just because I can't bear ... I found that book the day befofe yesterday, and—" " Then take my advice. Shnt up the book, and don't think of Buch rubbish any more." Such poison," he would have said, had he been aware of the sort of evidence that had been laid before the Court at' Marseilles. Hpwever, had he been aware of it. he might easily have comforted himself with the re flection that the morbid imaginations of hysteriacs, pedants and ascetics, were neces sarily beyond the comprehension of any com monly healthy girl—that the very virulence of the poison deprived it of its power to harm a mind unprepared by previous pollution. " Yes," said she, eyeing the dark corner iingeringly, " I have shut up the book; and I don't suppose I shall find it where I'm going. . . . I'm glad rm not a witch, any how; and that was the worst of it—some of them, those that were tried, I mean, were made witches while they were asleep, without their own wills; and some were born witohea —and they burned them all the same. It was cruel to bnrn them, though I suppose it was right to put them out of the way. It doeB trouble me. If all those women and girls were innocent it was dreadful: and if tbey were guilty it's more dreadful still, beoause if there were witches then there must be ever so many more of them now. Suppose I were a witch " Then I'll tell you what you shall do," said Francis, lightly, who took no interest in the study of morbid humanity. " You shall cast a spell over the Admiralty; and they shall give me a ship the first time of asking—" She gave a little tOBS of her head, as if she were throwing her thonghtB behind her. " I hope they will," said Bhe, with a sudden smile, " If a hope's a spelL No—I'm not a witch ; or else I shouldn't have wanted you to save me out of the Quatre Soeurs"—and her sudden smile turned into a little sigh. But it came again. " Never mind, though. I've changed my mind abont not giving your message to Monsieur le Procureur. Til give it now." " And wish me good luck ?" " The best in the world. . . . You are the last Englishman I am ever likely to see— and . , . So, Good Luck, Monsieur." "Thank you with all my heart, Made moiselle. . . . I'm sorry you can give me no meesage to England ; I'm sorry that we shall never come acroBB one another again. But I Bhan't forget in a hurry my last talk in Frsnce; and I'm glad it's not been with a Frenchwoman—" " And when the war comes you will fight against the French very bravely indeed ?" "I'll do my best. And you'll put all that rubbish out of your head ? That'll be all right, though. The sea wiDd will blow all that way. And so, good-by," he said, survey ing in a general parting glance the Venus with one arm, the Diana with none, the guillotined Bacchus, the works of Heemsten kerchir.s, of Luitprandus Lugduuensis, and of Nicholas k Burdigala. Then his eyes came back to the girl, young and alive in the midst of all this solemnly mouldering decay, and be held out his hand once more. "I don't like to remember people without being able to name them," he said. " My name is Francis Gren vil. What is yours ?" She put her hand in his with a grave smile, " Helen Desmond," said she. 