Tales for My Pets. (BY "UNCM D.") RAINEY'S PAIBY. Lots of çrpwn up people will tell you that there are ho fairies in Australia ; that we're too hard and cold. Sut don't believe them. Even in the old land they say that the fairies are dead ; that no more the little folks dance on the bluebells in the summer moonlight ; that for ever have died away the voices of the dells. No, my dears ; as long as there is within us a soul, as long will there be fairies, in spite of railroads and land syndicates, and money grubbers, and all the ghouls and gnomes which infest the world now, worse than in the days of old. At all events, that has been Kainey Cameron's idea since that one day when he got lost in the bush, and the real native fairies appeared to him. His friends held that he dreamed it all when he lay down, and had a fevered sleep. But, if it comes to that, what's life itself but a dream P Rainey, however, fairly believes in the fairies to this day; and he's now a big man, with the frost of age in his once bright chestnut hair. He couldn't have got his ideas from the blacks ; for they people the bush with all bad thing*, whioh they call " debbil debbil." But I used to know a lot of the blaoks when I was young ; and I believe that the spirits they said ran in the bush were borrowed by them from the white folks-to a great extent. Rainey was just like other little chaps who aro reading this : He had a temper ; and when he was putout, and couldn't get his own way he used to sulk. And then he'd go away into Borne dark corner, or the bush, and think he was the I worst used boy on the face of the earth. And he'd make up his mind to turn bushranger, and come down upon the old house armed to the teeth riding a grand horse, and dressed in the sweetest Bedford cords, and stick up the old place, after whioh he'd tell who he was, and have his grand revenge* Ha 1 Ha 1 Ha! Ho felt very bad at times ; and I really believe that when in that state ho could make up his mind to shoot the tutor.' But nothing came of it all j for he lived on a station in the bush, and had no money to buy guns or horse?, and, the boya on the other'ßtationa hadn't tbe pluck to start a bushranger's life. One little chap did go off with Eainey to turn robber. But when they got into the bush a magpie, which had a nest in the trees under which they rested, made a snap at his nose ; so that it bled and pained very much, and little Rory cried and roared, and ran away home, and wouldn't speak to Rainey for a long time. Well, one day Rainey wanted to have his own way, whioh wasn't an odd thing with him. His mother was anxious to . teach her boy industry and thrift, which she knew were the greatest of gifts to acquire, while laziness was the worst vice. And Rainey was lazy, very lazy ; as I fear too many ; .young Australians are. So when school was over one day she called him to her, and pointed put an undug part of the garden. She ¡told him that this was to be his, and that if he ; trenohed, and worked, and planted it, she would pay him so much for what grew there j and he would put it by till he had want of it. But Rainey couldn't see it at all. If he dug up the ground it would blister his hands, and make his baok sore ; and, besides, he would always ¡ have. to be potter- ing about, and never have time to go riding, wild raspberry gathering, and . bunting kangaroo rats, and the like. . No, he wouldn't do it. And as for the money offered for the fruit and other things, why he knew what would, happen- it would be put in a box, or the bank at the big town so far away, and he wouldn't be allowed tc touch it till ho was 18, or, something like that.; Why, he might be dead by that time. There was < Alick Massie, who had an account in the savings j bank whioh came to over £100. Sut just as he! reaohed 16 he died. No ; he'd have his fun, and; wouldn't think of working in tbe hot sun for a J reward to come perhaps when he was dead. \ His mother, who was a wise woman, ; tried to persuade him in the nicest way. She told him of the eternal delight of watching the plants from, the time the seed was put in until the harvest was gathered, the pleasure the knowledge acquired gave, and the healthy nature of the work. They had a great battle over it ; and at last his \ mother, who knew that with"natures like Rainey's j -the very best, because there is a big spice of ¡ the devil in them-firmness and severity were ; required, insisted that he should take up the plot; ana work it. And he knew if he did not obey her, ; what would follow; She didn't make him* gb to j work there and then. She fixed the time for,next1 day. Rainey burst into'tears, nearly rubbed his j eyes out with his fists, and then went off in a fit ef \ the sulks to tell his troubles to his favorite trees in ' the bush, and to think about running away. But \ he was a long distance from the sea, which he had never seen, so he couldn't imitate Robinson! Crusoe. The best thing he could think of was to ; go away into an awesome granite gorge whioh rose above the station, and whioh had been the home once of the great bushranger " Thunder- bolt/' There were dens andoaveB there, and he'd make them his home. He'd live on wild cherries and raspberries; and birds whioh ho could kill with his shanghai. And they'd get so dreadfully frightened about him at home ; his mother and his sisters would or y ; and his father and brothers would search high and low for him, never to find him. And as he was gone the tutor would have to go-he was the youngest of the family-with his nasty Latin and mathematics, and all that; and Rainey would grow up in the mountains like Esau or .Crusoe or any other hero of boyhood-a wild mah. He would at times steal to the old home, and perhaps appear to his parents like a ghost, and frighten them dreadfully, and make them so sorry; and when ho grew up and got a beard be would start bushranging, and astonish those who had boen so cruel tc him in his youth. Oh ! it would be glorious ! So ho kept thinking and thinking, and dream- ing ; and all the time he wandered on, until he got tired and thirsty. It waB a very hot day. Then he began to think of getting a drink or somo rino wild raspberries. But when he looked round he couldn't make out where he was at all. i He had never seen this place before ; and he had been np into the granite gorge. It was such a strange place ! Great trees rose up to the sky, which they almost hid-he could just see glints of blue through the green leaves. And tree ferns, ever so tall, grew on every hand, looking like great brown pillars, out of which sprang what appeared to be like the loveliest green fans made of feathers. Strange plants hung from the trunks of the trees, covered with flowers of the most odd shape, and the brightest colors. Rainey didn't know what they were. But boys and girls whose fathers have hothouses know that they were orohids. Looking at the scene Rainey almost forgot that he was lost. But when he did he got very low. Just fancy a bush- ranger starting life by getting lost ! That was nice, wasn't it. And then for the bold bush- ranger, who was to avenge all the wrongs of his youth armed to the teeth, to start boohooing and digging out his eyes with his knuckles, wasn't at all in character, was it? But I must tell the truth,that when Rainey found he was lost he did behave very noorlv. Ana yet it was a glorious place into .which he had strayed. The grand trees, with white and boles, were'like the'pillars bf a great"building 5 the ferns, vistas of smaller' éphimns ; the orchids, the ornaments and coloring. There were coolness and silence and deep shadows ; and Ràiney would bave enjoyed! himself very much if he didn't think that the day was passing, and he did not know how to get home» For he had already begun to think of that, though at first he tried to make out that he only wanted to get out of this to reach thé granité gorge, where he was to start his career. At last Rainey reached a lovely spot, where a little rill of the coolest, clearest water tumbled over a rocky ledge ; its banks crowded with the prettiest flats and flowers. . Rainey drank heartily, and felt himself another man, or rather boy, and then sat down on the green turf beneath a great fern, the fronds of which sjpread over his bead, 40ft above,; like the cano- pies he had seen in picture books over, the heads of kings and judges. All about him grew'orchids. But, in particular, there waa a great flood of blossom from ari; orchid which^ung fróin the withered1 trunk pf a tree right ¡ppposité Raiñey j in fact, he could almost reach the flowers with his hands. So lovely 'was everything, and so nice, he felt, that : he; left off' crying» Arid then he ' began to feel vety queer-f drowsy, some would call it ¡ but he did not think that it was like that.,'. It was all through looking at the odd orchids. They moved about,in the géntlé breezé which breathed'through the aisles arid vistas of this wonderful placé ;, and as they did they seemed to Ràiney to change form and color every moment. At one time they weré the most brilliant of flies, dancing among the dark green leaves ; at another bees ; then wasps, dragons, feathers, demons-in fact, théré was np end to the shapes they assumed. ; ;i( (TO BB. CONTINUED.); i 'ív/-"'i 