LADIES' COLUMN. i (Under this head ve will be prepared to receive and answer, as far as possible, any in quiries which our subscribers may be pleased to send in, addressed, urider coverj to " Aladgo," ADVERTISER Office.) ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. " G. W. A."-There are many remedies for freckles, but none that will banish them en tirely. Washing the face with an infusion of elderberry flowers is good, so is washing in Illilk and then rinsing the face in tepid water. A SIAMESE WIFE. According to M. Routie'r, rio lady on tlin face of the globe can surpass a Siamese wife in the solution of the problem, " How to make home happy." She admits that rftan is the lord of the creation-a [lemi-god-but only outside the house At the fireside he cannot tie too li£irible and obedient. If in his life lift display sagacity and capacity, these accomplishments al'e aue to the counsels of his wife, and the entire Siamese fair sex.will testify to the truth. The wife re clines on a kind of rocking chair, under a verandah, smoking a cigarette, while the hus band washes the children, and powders them with snfl'ron to keep away- mosquitos. Further, if he brings home the' rice for breakfast he is set id eo'dl it,- and advantage is taken of his presence to' re'efiiost jiirii to make up the rooms. And Caliban never protcidta j.hcit that lis fears his life's physical strength, but tlirli lie stands iri a\t'C of hc'r tongue, and he will under'gtf tiny toil or-drudgery to avoid domestic .broil; Pity Dr. \\\att." did not know this model husband, as lie might have dedicated to hini his " Let dogs delight to bark and bite," etc. ^MRPIED'. IN SPITE 0'F THEMSELVES. Some years ago;, nvhen.freo love notions were running around loose in New lirigiaiid; a .Boston man and woman who had imbibed of thoSe doctrines until they affected to despise all the common conventionalities of life came to the conclusion that they would live together with out going through the ceremony of marriage, they had both moved In good society, and made no secret of. th'eir intention; In fact, they announced it to every one th'cfy met.,. Staid old Boston's aristocracy was shaken to the depth's.. . The man was prevailed upon to give a dinner party, to which were "in vited prominent society people, including the Governor of the State. When dessert was put upon the table. the talk became general, and soon turned itpoii tile perverse couple. The man and woman answered c'V^iy question put to them with the most perfect equ'ariiiiiity: Finally the Governor took a hand in the con versation. After asking a few questions and commending the answers thereto, in a calm, judicial manner, he turned to the man and asked-1 Do you Mr. , intend to love and cherish this woman as your wife, for good or evil, for better or for tfprrfc 1 " Yes, sir," answered the mrfri calriiiy. " And do you, niadame, intend to' obey this man as your husband, for better or worse, for good or evil ?" " I do, sir," answered the svornan politely. " Then by the power invested in me as Governor of this Commonwealth I declare you to be man and wife." And thus the plana of the couple were fus trated, for \tdridh they afterward declared they were heartily tharikfiil. They are now old and respected residents of Ghicago.-" Chicago Tribune." PARLOR GHOSTS. . Time was when the sanctity of the " be3t room" and the freshness of the best carpet were deemed best preserved by closed shutters, closed lest the colors of the carpet should fade by ex posure to sunlight, Since then it has been found by actual experience that the strong clear light; so detrimental to the looks of delicately tinted curtains and carpets, is extremely bene ficial to human beings. So light itild air are permitted to enter more frequently than formerly. The long strip of stair-linen that used to be de ri-jue.ur, to obviate the effects of wear on the parlor carpet, has vanished-for ever let us trust. "But the hoUand chair-covers stay longer, and still preserve the mummy idea tolerably well. One lady keeps her lovely chairs of brocaded velvet covered in white linen all through the year thus ; she dares not remove the coverings when visitors are expected, lest through the well-known carelessness of the casual visitor the chairs should be spoiled, and when the family are alone such a thing is out of the question, as the children-those fearful vandals of the household--have to be considered. The result is, that in real utility, and even in looks, a well-made kitchen chair that one may lift and carry about with one, without fear of damaging or soiling in the use, is far ahead of the sheeted ghosts in the parlor. > THE SCIENCE OF GASTRONOMY. A celebrated London medical authority writes:-"I think very few of the English public, nor indeed of the cooks who cater for the public at restaurants, etc., know how ex cellent a result is attainable in the form of ' aspic ' by the proper use of ' Liebig's Extract.' The summer season is essentially the time for consuming it. Nothing is more tempting in appearance, in flavor, and in coolucss than aspic jelly as the medium in which little cold fillets of all kinds-fash, fowl, game, lamb, lobster, etc.,-may be served as well as salads. ' Nel son's gelatine' is the basis, ' Liebig' to color and give the meat quality and body, a little Tar ragon vinegar and Worcester sauce to flavor, and a little lemon juice, giving at a ridiculously small cost a perfect aspic jelly."-" Lady's Pictorial." ETIQUETTE AT WEDDINGS. An invitation to a wedding is issued as follows, printed in silver on note paper :-"Mr. and .Mrs. Blank request the houor of Mr. and Mrs. Dash's company at St. I'eter's Church on Wednesday, July 25, at 2 o'clock, to be present at the marriage of their daughter and Mr. White, and afterwards at Yarra-Lodge to ten." The bride and bridesmaids' bouquets are still presented to then- by the bridogroom, and arrive at their destination on the wedding morning. The first to arrive at the church is the bride-' room, accompanied by his best man, and he stands at the Dottom of the chancel, waiting the arrival of the bride. When the person who gives away the bride is not her father he meets her at the door of the church, and escorts her to the building, but he does not accompany her in the carriage. Her mother is the proper person to do this in the absence of the father. After the bridal pair have left the church the next person to lmrry away is the bride's mother, .who goes home at once in order that she may receive her guests. This may be mentioned as almost the only instance in which it is good form for a hostess to precede her guests. Refreshments at a wedding breakfast are very elastic. They need not soar above tea, coffee, cake, and sandwiches, or they may include poultry, game, sweets, and champagne -in fact, nearly everything one would have at a ball supper. Guests depart directly after the bride and bridegroom. A widow cannot wear orange blossoms, either as a wreath, or on her dres3, or in her bouquet. She must not wear a long bridal veil, except she wears it over a bonnet, and she cannot have bridesmaids or wedding favours. She must not continue to wear her first ring. A morning coat is now allowable at wed.tings for men, the Prince of Wales having set the fashion. 