"WICKED SIR DARE. The smile that stole over the face at the conclusion of this exordium broke up Henry Neville's patience. 'Pshaw;' he said, angrily, ' for Heaven's sake, cease the mummery. I don't want to sit up all night to see you act. What is it you want-what is it you are driving at? You know all you want to know more than I can tell you, I've no doubt. Is it money you want F If so, for Heaven's sake say so out at once; you needn't hesitate-it won't be the first time you've asked me for it.' 'Nor the last, I hope,' murmured the captain, sweetly. Hlenry glared at him savagely. ' How much is it ? If it isn't too much, I'll try and get it for you, and you can go. Plainly Delaine, I don't care to have you here-you must go.' The captain stretched out his legs, and looked in the attitude he assumed as it he never meant to move again 'How kind of you--how I value your candour ! Yes, my dear Henry, I do want 6 money-a lack of money is my normal condition; I never wanted it more than I do now, for, to tell you the truth, I was compelled to leave Spain, for which I had fought and bled-a gunshot wound on the left shoulder, nothing very serious, don't look so alarmed i-I left Spain so hurried ly that I had no time to bring away with me my dressing-case, ' which was full of Bank of England .notes!' He laughed I softly at this piece of pleasantry, and then, in a musing voice, said: 'Yes, five hundred pounds would be quite suflicient. Don't make it more, my dear Henry--I would rather you wouldn't.' Henry Neville looked at him doggedly. SLook here, Delaine, you have got no hold on me. I'm not under your thumb that you can extort money from me.' ' Extort,' echoed the captain; 'why, my dear fellow, you offered it me, like the generous-hearted creature you are.' ' But I will give you two hundred and fifty pounds to leave the house to-morrow morning and never come into it again.' The captain looked at him with an amused smile. 'My dear Henry, I wouldn't leave this house to- morrow morning if you were to offer me two hundred and fifty thousand.' Henry Neville jumped up and frowned at him, too enraged to speak. 'Do you mean to say that you intend forcing yourself on the place ?' 'I shall accept the pressing invitation which the young mistress of this house will give me to- morrow morning-or I am very much mistaken.' 'You will do no such thing,' said Henry, 'I say you shall not stay.' ' I understood,' murmured the captain, leaning back and addressing the ceiling; 'it was very stupid of me; but I under stood you to say that this house-one of the handsomest it has ever been my pleasure to visit - exquisite taste all through-was Miss Rivington's. I did not know it was yours, my dear Henry. 'Hers or mine, that shall make no difference,' said Henry, doggedly. 'If you are not gone to morrow, I shall expose yOU.' '.And that is your last card, is it ?' said the captain, quite calmly, even pleasantly. S'I shall trump it, Henry; I shall trump it, and take the trick. You've played your hand; now let me take a turn. You will see, now, what a fine thing it is to set a good example; you set me the:example of being candid, and I follow it. I .am candour itself.": First,' :iny dear Henry,. we will take it for granted that' you. give . me the five. hundred pounds not to go,- but to stay; please don't speak-befori I lihae 'done you will be readyto offer me a thousand .to stay;. Don't trouble to write it to-night, to-morrow will do. Next, .being particu larly taken- with this charming place, I shall accept Miss Rivington's kind invi tation and remain for a week or two. By that time no Doubt Miss Rivington will want to run up to town; we will go too, my dear Henry, and, if possible, 'the marriage shall come off before the end of the season.' 'The marrage-what marriage?' ex claimed Henry staring at him. 'What marriage? how slow you are to-night, my dear fellow, tired, I daresay, We soldiers gain an advantage in return for all the dangers and hardships, we learn to do without sleep. What marriage, why our marriage-my marriage-' touching his heart delicately-' with the beautiful Eve I' Henry Neville started at the complacent smiling face as if it were a ghost's, 'By heaven!' he ejaculated at last, 'this is too much. Delaine you are mad; you have impudence and bravado enough for most things, but this is too much. Do you think-pshaw --it is work of time,' wiping his forehead with a trembling hand ; 'you were joking.' 'You wrong me,' said the captain, reproachfully; 'I have never joked about a lady in my life.' 'You mean that you will try and en snare this girl into an engagement with you, that you'll entangle her--' 'Pshaw I to use your fortunate inter jection,' said the captain, rising to his feet and standing with his back to the fire, his handsome face suddenly grown serious, his dark eyes looking straight into Henry Neville's-furtive ones with the intensity of determination. 'Listen to me, Neville. You know me, and you can judge whether I am likely to let go my hold of a thing when once I have made up my mind to make it my own. Well, I have made up my mind to have old Rivington's money, and as I can only have it by marrying his heiress, why I will marry her. Mind, I had resolved this before I came down here, directly I heard the story, and I jumped to the con clusion that it was all false about her beautyand the rest of it. If she had been as plain as Hecate, the fact would not have shaken my determination, but now I have seen her that resolve becomes adamant. By Heaven, she is the most bewitching creature I ever saw I That she is beautiful is nothing; there are many beautiful women who would have come to me if I had but benit my finger, but this girl, who has sprung into existence, as it were, has soOl I She is worth the winning, and.I will win her.' Henry Neville, listening half-dazed, had still enough acuteness left to feel the power of the man who had breathed out the bold declaration; for the life of him he could not help feeling a thrill of admiration for the beauty of the face above him, for the Switchery of the voice, the bright flashing eyes-the whole man. Great Heaven! if this man put forth all his strength to Swoo a simple, unsophisticated, unsus )picious girl, fresh with the glamour of youth and all its susceptibilities to beauty, such as this man pssessed, how could she resist him? Henry Neville tightened his lips and pressed his feet against the ground. 'Well I' said the captain, ' you think I have no chance ?' and he smiled. 'I-I-don't say that,' said Henry Neville, sullenly. 'If you had come at first- if-there are others.' 'I know. I know of one, at least,' nodded the captain; 'Lord Orton.' 'The heir to an earldom,' said Henry Neville, a scholar and.a gentleman,'-the captain showed his teeth and bowed 'and a man who has already gained her goodwill.' 'He is a worthy rival, said the captain; 'I admit it. Do not think I under-esti mate his importance. But I feel confident, for more reasons than one,. of wresting the prize from him. I have an ally who will join issue with me there-my dark eyed friend, Miss Linley.' Henry Neville bit' his lip. ' ' Nothing escapes you.' he said, between his teeth. . :, 'A general who is worthy -:fhis rank surveys the field and calculates the num ber of theenemy's forces and his own as well; I have siatrVeyed' iny 'field, and I can rely upon my-troops also. I know the worth of your aid, for instance, dear Henry. Henry smiled ill-temperedly. ' So you reckon on my aid, do you ?' he said. 'Don't go so far. Youi'd better leave me out. You know my mind 'Better than you do,' said the captain. ' My dear Henry, your legal acumen' has deserted you to-night. You will see clearer to-morrow. What do you gain if Eve Rivington remains single ? Nothing. What do you gain if she marries Lord Orton. Nothing. What do you lose if she marries your dear brother, wicked Sir Dare?' Henry smiled evily. 'He has refused her.' 'He has not seen her. But if she re fuses me I will take care that he does see her, for I will find him and bring them together if I have to ransack the two hemispheres for him. Once he sees her-once he knows how foolishly nobly, I mean-she desires to squander half her fortune on him, do you think he will be able to resist her ? What I know of him-' ' What do you know of him ?' asked Henry, stopping.in the act of wiping the perspiration from his forehead to ask the question. ' I I' replied the captain raising his eye brows carelessly-' I; oh, nothing but what you have told me, and I have heard from .hearsay-and that is enough'to know that he is just the sort of impulsive fellow to give in before such beauty and such generosity as Eve's ; and then, phew! away goes your chance of the baronetcy, neither you nor that fine little boy of yours-who does not fancy me, seem ingly-will ever be master of Neville Park. Henry Neville bit his nails, and glanced up at the calm face with a malignant scowl. 'You see whatyou you have to lose. Now, what have you to gain if I marry her ? By Heaven, I would marry her if she hadn't a penny. You have twenty thousand pounds, for I will give you a bond for that little amount, payable two months after my marriage with Eve Rivington. Henry Neville looked nervously across the room and biting his lip, pale and troubled. BPEagING at Beathurst on Saturday, Sir Henry Parkes said a newspaper in Sydney got up a canard that the Government intend to dissolve Parliament. Why in the world should thoydis solve Parliament, or think of dissolving it, when theyhad a majority composed of two-thirds of the Assembly? Persons connected with public affairs, who could refleoot earnestly on the situa tion, would never dream that the Ministry had any idea of dissolving Parliamont. They would be utterly unjustified in thinkling of such a thing,' and they had never even thought of it. The difficulty which arose some little time ago between the Minister for Works and the Engineer-in-Ohief for Railways, regarding th appointment of trialsurvoyore, has, we under stand, been amiaoubly adjusted. The whole question, it will be remembered, was referred to the Premier about a fortnight ago, and through his intervention the settlement has been offected. At Bathurst on Saturday Sir Henry Parkes said it was probable the Loocal Government Bill would be delayed until another session. He further said that, in hise judgment, the head of the new managing body of the rltil ·ye ought to boastranger, because--first, he ou0.ht to have a most intimate practical and professional ex perience; and secondly, he should have no acquaintance with the people on the spot. Mr. James Fletchor, M.L.A., addressed his constituents at Newcastle ou Saturday night. He gave an explanation of the " affair between himself and Hr. Haynes," and at the closo of his remorks a vote of confidence in him was carried. The Hen. Sir Alfred Stephen, G.O.M.G., hlas been appointed to act as the Governor's deputy during his Excellenoy's absenceo on a trip to Norfolk roland. Next session, the Premier says, the Govern ment will have to consider the expediency of altering the representative system of the country so that the people may be more equitably and comopletely represented in Parlia ment. The farmers of Wagga complain of a mice plague, the plough turning them up in hun dreds. It is believed to be the result of the Queenosland plague. The mice are reported to be gradually reaobing the southern coast of this colony. They have booeen specially destroctive to hbaystalcks, and largo numbers are also infeat ing houses anid every place where they can ob tain food. The field mice are not so largo as thise English species. 