SPORTING. TURF. The betting Market There is very little change to record m the betting market. Keith is a bit easier for the Kosehill Cup, a point longer being obtainable to-day than was to be had yes terday. From 5 to 1 taken he has receded to 6 to 1 offered. Volley is still hardening for the V.R.C. Derby, as an impression is gaining ground that it will be anything but an open race on the day. 3 to 1 is now the taking price about Mr. White's filly, and there is quite a run on her in doubles. The second payments for the Caulfield Cup have not so far sufficed to provoke speculation over the race in Sydney. Trotting and pony races at Moore Park this afternoon. Huon will attempt to break his record at 3.20 p.m. The nomination of Diomed for the second Hurdle Race at the A. J.C. Spring Meeting was not received until yesterday morning — too late to be accepted. Mr. T. Sampson has purchased Mitchell from Mr. S. R. Kennedy, the consideration being £150. It is very probable that the black horse will yet do more than pay his way. Minstrel Boy has changed hands, his new owner being Mr. Anthony. Dr. Swanston's Rajah, by Kingsborough, and Mr. H. E. Wells' Arabi Bey, by Grand master, had a flutter over half-a-mile on the Mudgee racecourse on Monday even ing. Each carried 10st and ran in bar shoes, the result being a dead heat. Time, 50sec — very fast, if correctly taken. Very few horses were eliminated out of the Caulfield Cup yesterday, when the second payment had to be made, the most noticeable of the defections being the Hood looking Niagara and the ladylike Lady Betty. The way in which Chicago smothered the opposition in tho Eastern- wick Park Handicap last Saturday, carry ing 111b more than his Caulfield Cup im- post, has brought the son of The Drummer and Corisande into strong favour for the last named event. Meteor, however, who is said to be looking remark ably well just now, is now running him a close race for favouritism. Apropos to the starting difficulty, regular visitors to Flemington and Caulfield are familiar with Mr. George Watson's rough and ready way of dealing with riders who endeavour to anticipate his movements. At the start for the Sapling Stakes, at Caulfield, according to "Trumpator," Fagg, who was riding the favourite, Flower, " tried his old game of besting the starter, but, after he had made one or two breaks away, Mr. Watson told him — 'most politely,' of course, that if he broke away again he would send him back to the pad dock. This threat settled the Flower's chance, as when the flag did go down she got off badly, and being on the rails had not the ghost of a chance of getting clear of the field." Mr. Dawson will again act as starter at Canterbury Park on Saturday, and if the stewards will only accord him a generous support, they will have no reason to regret their choice. Their mistaken leaning towards Dunhey and Fielder has so far quite failed in its object. Yesterday Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. held a sale of blood stock at Caulfield, when a number of horses changed owners. My Lord brought the top price, being knocked down to J. R. Surman when the biddings reached 680gs. Straight Shot came second on the list, J. King, the well known trainer and jockey, taking her at 300gs. St. John also fell to his nod for 265gs, and Sambour for 150gs. Ishmael went to Mr. R. Bence for 290gs, and Lepo- rello to Mr. Morris Jacobs for 220gs. Bay ard Whisperer, 150gs, Mr. H. Haines. The others only brought small prices, as the following list will ,show:— Uncas, A. Il' j l: . o, 20gs ; Seakale, M. P. Heywood, 70gs ; Nancy, H. Connolly, 35gs ; Sor cerer, I. Foulsham, 50gs ; Wellington, Mr. Weekes, 20gs ; Wairarapa, W. Hill, 45gs ,- Daylight, Mr. Weeks, 55gs; Olive, Mr. . jnst'dny371gB ; Ballarat, S. Rainsbury, S8b; Tom Cringle, W. Glasscock, 8gs. The third reading of the Totalisator Bill was carried in the South Australian House of Assembly on Wednesday last by seven votes. Yesterday it occupied the attention of the Legislative Council, but the debate was adjourned until Tuesday next. The success achieved by South Austra lian bred horses on the principal race course of Victoria has been something re markable of late ; yet breeding blood-stock in that colony has been anything but a profitable business for some time past. At the last sale of the Fulham Park year- lings, , bred by Mr. W. Blackler, Prince Consort, one of the most promising colts seen in Victoria this season, only brought 39 guineas. Recently the same breeder has had a slice of very bad luck, Ruby the dam of Sardius and Isonomy, having slipped twin foals. T. Sanders, the jockey, is a passenger from England by the incoming mail steamer Oruya. Entries for the Goulburn Trotting Club races close to-morrow. The Waltham Watch Company have generously promised to present a chrono graph of the value of £50 as the first prize for a Welter Handicap, to be run at the Rosehill meeting in aid of the Carrington Centennial Hospital. The name of Jack has been withdrawn from the Spring Handicap at Canterbury Park. Mr. J. A. Roberts is proceeding with his action against the Sydney Driving Park Club for the recovery of the stakes won by his pony, Sandfly, late Minnie. His claim is for £37, and the secretary of the club has been served with a District Court writ for that amount. The meeting of the Sydney Driving Park Club announced for September 5 has been abandoned. # Mr. W. Thompson has purchased Tri color, and the horse will be trained at Rose- hill. 