HAUNTED BY HARRIET. BY F. W. ROBINSON. I don't know that it will take me very Jong to gtt this etory into shape. It is not a loan tilery, and 1 am a short man. 1 mean short in action and speech—short and sharp— for ae to my height, if it is any satisfaction to anybody I may as well st-ite at once that I am five feet four. My name is Gubll and at the time of which 1 write I was chief 11-srk —confidential clerk—to Solomon Dredge, solicitor, of Greenmoold-street, SpitalfieHa. Spits lfields was never a iamouB locality for solicitors, but there were a few of us about there—not of the highest standing, perhaps, bnt we did a jroodish bit of busintss, and saved many a client from ruahiog West to fool his cash away oat of the parish. Old Solomon Dredge did, perhaps, more basinets than most of tne Far-East solicitors; he had teen longer established, and was well-known as a sharp, close-fisted, ironclad old gentle man* who knew as moot aa moat folk. When i bis brother was living—Dion Dredge—the firm of Dredge & Dredge was known in the rofesiion as "The Knives," and well it S efeerved the appellation. A sharp firmvery. It did alot of business with Indies and gentlemen from Whitechapel, who were always getting Into trouble from some oause or other; it was clever at County Court and Police Court cases, and absolutely great in Itnding money to needy shopkeepers, and selling them up, root and branch, stock and stane, when the money was not forthcoming. They were days of rich hanls too, those good old oajs, and Solonon Dredge was said to be wealthy. Very probably be was, for he never spent bis money, and wore the same old long, snuff coloured coat that he was married in forty years ago. That's what people said about him in Spitalfields. However, lie was a sound, sharp lawyer; and those very same scurrilous people, when they got into difficulties were always glad to have him on their side, fie did his duty by them, and was not too particular. He had a greater stock of witnesses for the defence to draw npon than any solicitor I have ever known—alibis who would swear to anything for a five-ponnd note—a few of them for as small an amount as five shillings, when times were extra hard- Wonderfully cheip witnesses !—and generally to be relied npon. Of late day*, when Solomon Dredge was getting, and looking, an old man—he owned to seventy-five and looked eighty- nine or thereabouts—he had not shown that tremendous interest and energy in business for which be bad been remarkable. He took long spells of rest at his house in Hackneyroad, went sometimes into the country, Deptford way, for change of air, and left more of the business in my hands: so much, at last, in my bands, that every day I thought that he had made up his mind to take me into partnership. I had been thinking he would do this for twenty-five years or thereabouts. I bad been building upon it. I was not a qualified solicitor, bnt that would not have mattered a neat deal—that can always be man aged, and I may say at once that he neverdiatakeme into partnership, but died the same selfish, testy, unprincipled, mercenary old rip, whom 1 had known all my life. I don't mind saying as muoh as that now. I | 1 : 1 I | | ' [ | only wish I could havemostered np courage to say it to his leathery old chops before they carted had -got him a bit away of ground, to Kensal dirt Green, cheap—for where an ha overdue debt—from his one rackety nephew, who had'rpn through all his father's property like wildfire. Still, this freehold grave was in the family, and Solomon had the consolation of knowing, that he should be buried with his brother, ithe defunct Dion, with whom he had not agreed for five consecutive minutes during" the whole period of their partnership together. The office of Dredge & Dredge—Solomon kept np thelegal fiction of the firm, it looked so much more imposing, punted in white on two brown wire blinds—was in Greenmould street, not a very long distance from Spitalfields- Gfanrch'and Market; in fact, you could smell thestale oabbage leaves of the market whenever the windows were left open. There - were twojwindows to theloffice, which was on the ground floor, and a street door that openep by the polling of a chain which hung over my desk, and saved me the trouble of getting off my stool, and the firm the expense of an office boy. _ Greenmould- street was a very quiet street —had been a fashionable street once npon a time, but the houses had got grimy and wormeaten, and:were as a rule, 1st in fiats, and swarmed with the oddest kinds of lodgers. Solomon Dredge was at Deptford again when the incident occurred which I have thought it as well to write out whilst I have a clear notion of It alL He had been ailing— felt a bit nervous, could not account for a nadty pain in his chest, and a nastier pain in' the small of his baek—and I had not seen him for five days. Business was not brisk—it was Christmas time nearly—and the weather waa too cold for people to go to law. I was sole clerk—there was no one under me; from morning till night I had had for five days the office all to myself. I may remark here that I was a single man, and slept always in the office. Mr. Dredge thought it was safer to have some one always on the premises, and deducted a certain amount per week—trust him for that—for rent from my miserable pittance. And it was a miserable pittance, although I had pat a little money by—jast enough to bury me decently,- or indecently, according to the taste or want of taste,_ of my executors. I did not much care how it was. I had not much -interest in the transaction. I had grown tired of life and the law. I doubt if even I had been offered the partnership whether it would have stirred me up much. I waa 68, -and had gout in the knees. Invidious ftod untruthful folk said I looked cld«T than Dredge. "Let me say here, and for the fairer comprehension of what follows, that I was not a nervous man, that I had not an atom of fancifulnegs in my composition, that my Affections, Impulses, tomfooleries had dried up long ago, and that 1 was as much a piece jof parchment as the deeds I sometimes esgr6tsed for the principal and client. Indeed, 1 had prided myself for many years upon my cool, grave, businesslike stolidity. I had had ao little to excite me in Greenmould-Btreet since yonng Dion went to Australia that I bad grown greenmouldy myself. Young Dion was the nephew who had ran through his father's share of the business and come to grief: a rackety, reckless, and slapdash young fellow, who hated the law, his uncle, and me, and made fun of all three of us, and was a great tronble till he came to the end of bis resonrce*. But I liked the lad. I never said so; and I'm sure he never guessed it I don't know why I shonld have^liked him either, for he identified me always'with his uncle, and said hard things, and called me harder names when he was in his cups, which was not at all unfrequent.' There was something in him to like—perhaps that was it. <He was so full of life; he was always so much in earnest; he bad so supreme a contempt for his uncle and his uncle's ways: he protested so warmlysgainst anythingwldchwas" to h^ mind, base and mew; he was so unlucky: he d idsuchfooliah acte—that waTwhyl liked him. Contrast of character; admlra- tion of a man who did not care for money, and who defied Old Dredge—perhaps all that accounted for my liking him on the quiet; but he never guessed it—never credited me j^'th possessing, at that time, any human leeling ~ And'yet when his uncle sold him up and * settled him I 'cried behind the door of the iron safe, ahd chfsfed my master, and hoped that a judgment would come home to him ; but no one knew it, guessed it, dreamed of it, I was only old Gabble. I find I am wandering in my B%tratlve after -ilL I am diffuse. This is lite being paid per folio. Let me get o®, - Dredge, then-, as aforesaid, had been InxuriatiliP in Deptford some firo days. It Wat & wintry morning, and there were signs of snow in the air, and now and then a handfuL of snowflakes would flicker past the window-panes ae. if they presently meant business. . I do not, as a rule, take any notice of external matters when I am at my dealt. When Solomon Dredge was in tba office yon may be sure I did not, as he would have deducted such inattention from my salary; but I remember that on this day I looked np once or twice from the draft which I was copying, as though the first flakes of the season were of some little interest to me, and the second time I looked np I became aware of a pale, pinched woman's face, looking over the wire blind at me. I scowled back at the female and resumed my writing, and the female disappeared. There was nothing uncommon in any oDe looking over the wire blind into the office—it occurred sow and then—and I thought no more of the matter. Tall men and women, as they passed, glanced in occasionally, and little boys baa been known to climb upon each other's shoulders, and take it in turns to see what was going on inside. There are some folk who will be curions or die for it. Ten ua minutes wuism •u»i»«g», afterwards, the «u» light outside was again obscured by the interposition of somebody between it and the window glass, and there remained a fixture till I looked ap again. It was a dark morning, and I wanted all the light I could get without interfering with the qasbnrner, which Mr. Dredge did not like any one trifling with, and the thick head of even one observer made a difference. I looked up sharply at last, and there was the some woman again glaring in at me with an anxious stare. I book my head at her. I squeaked out, "Go iwayJ —I have a piping voice, with a natural tremolo In it—but the woman took no ifotice, and' continued to stare in, and by degrees the face made an impression upon me that waa peculiar. I began to wonder what the woman wanted, why she had come twice to. look in at me—what there was of interest iitfjihis grimy, d net-dried office, or in f this grimy, dust-dried nil, to keeDher staring there. She must be a tall woman io look so easily over the blind, I thought, antl her face was so white and haggered that it mi^ht have stood for a death'a head framed iu a rusty crape boDnet, with rusty crape flowers to match, EU<mounting it, And the eyes were to full of Forrnw., hud such a woe begone expression in them, that they began even to afffCt me, as parties susceptible to mcsmeric influence are affected, 1 have hcju-d ; not that 1 ever btlieved ia all that nonsense myself. 1 thought 1 had better stare thin woman out, and after a while I succeeded, for the face was withdrawn from the window, aod its owner went away. The woman w as not long upon my mind, uud with a pen in my hand aod a deed before me I was bound to go on, just as a clock is -bjnnd to go on till run down forgocd. For half an hour I proceeded in my usual way, when suddenly, almost with a jerk this time, up rose that sitarniae visage over the blind once more. ' Bless my soul!" I (jacalated on this oocation. i caught myself say ing it. I was completely surprised, calm and unmoved as I might have been to her. What did, she want 1 If it were business, she would have knocked jnst as readily as other people did, And I could have pulled the chain and admitted her, and listened to hor case. But to stand staring there was particularly objectionable. This time sbe was not so long surveying me and the jremieeB; she probably knew me by heart now, for before I conld make up my mind how I should resent this third intrusion, she had once more disappeared; only to return, though, in about twenty minutes, and look in as hard as ever for a minute or two and again retire. This was getting too much of a joke, and I was actually .getting nervous —I, Silas Gabble, who bad never been nervous in all my life before. All this very mnch of a coincidence, of course, easily accounted for if one only held the clue, but nevertheless incomprehensible to me. The woman was probably watting for some one, and to while away the time, looked in over the blind every time she passed to see how I was getting on. Very probably she was annoying other persons down the street in the same fashion, and they were squally as perplexed. There would he a row on shortly, I thonght; some neighbours I knew would ; not stand any persistent joking of that description. It did not matter to me so much. If it amused anybody to watch me— why, let them be amused. It was only a pity that they were so easily pleased, It was only " There she is again !" " Yes, too much of a joke. I was quite right. It was. 1 found I began to think less of my work than of the woman outside, and to wonder how long it would be before she looked over the blind again, and how long I was expected to sit ana bear the infliotion. No one came to the office that day to relieve the monotony of the day's routine. If anybody had called I should have told him all about it, and made a bet with him when the face would reappear. I was getting demoralized. I found myself writing down in my best round hand—" Payment to be made on the ueual daye for payment of rent—viz,, Michaelmas, Christmas, Lady-day, and yesterday," and a little farther on " the woman to have immediate right of possession," the tenant was tiowan, the butcher in the next street, when the face once more rose like a jaundiced moon and peered in. I could stand it no longer. There was something too uncanny about it. The woman would drive me out of my mind. I was not used to this' irind of thing at alL I jumped from my stool »nd shuffled as quietly as I could to the street door, which I opened, and then looked into the street. . Of course, there was no woman. She was not going to be stopped and asked half a hnndred questions by me. And the gout at my knees hindered my getting along very fast. There was almost the whole length of Greenmould-street on my right—she had not gone that way, unless she had walked into an open doorway. There was no one about bat a little girl with a stone jug, toddling to the beershop, andthecatsmeatmanhalfwaydown the street catting up his " ha'porths," and surrounded by yelling felines in every stage of hunger and despair. On the left there were four doors between Dredge's office and the corner of the next street, into which she had probably slipped. I hurried past those four doors and peered round the corner, There was no tall being in a black-crape bonnet in that direction either—there were two slatternly girls laughing with a baker's man. a sweep on the other side of the way yelping dismally, and a policeman tramping slowly away from me. A policeman! No; he would only smile at me. There was nothing to talk to a policeman about. In the fresh air the whole thing seemed supremely ridiculous. I would go indoors and have my dinner. I had my dinner in the office—Mr. Dredge always gave strict orders that the office was not to be left for a single instant on any pretence whatever. I spread my 6 ounces of brisket of beef upon the newspaper they had wrapped it in at S western's in Bishopsgate- street, produced my penny loaf and penknife., and set to work. The watcher did not come during the meal. Perhaps she had gone to dinner too, or had gone away for fcopd, seeing that my suspicions were aroused. Aoped that she bad gone away for good. I did sot want to see her any more. Bat I was not to be quit of her so easily. At half-past 3, when I thought she really bad gone, when 1 conld almost fancy she- had passed oat of my mind, once more that sallow, ugly, crape' bedizened jowl rose over the street side of j the window blind and looked fixedly at me. I I felt little prickles at the roots of my grey hairs. How long was this kind of game likely to last 1 | "What the devil do you want ?" I shrieked out in an enraged tone; bat whether the ! woman heard me or not I could not tell. She ' continued to look almost pathetically at me; j but when I scrambled off my stool and made ! for the door, she vanished. At the door and ? looking down ine street, of coarse I could not ' see a trace of her. It was peculiar and ghostlike—but I did not believe in ghosts, and I had never heard of ghosts turning np in the daylight and looking through people's windows with no other object than that of annoying those who were inside the room. It was a real annoyance, too. It was a complete distraction from work. I seemed to have nothing else to do but wait for her, but she did not come again before the blind was down, and I had shut her ugly face out. It was a relief to me to light the gas; bat when I had done work ana put away my papers and had my tea—I never indulged in suppers—I was not quite sure, weary as £ was, that I wanted to go to bed. £ turned in early aB a rale, a little after 9 o'clock, and was glad to get another day over; bat at 9 o'clock that night I was wide awake and staring. A wild idea of going for a walk as far as Shoreditch Church crossed my mind— of completely tiring myself out—of slipping into the bar parlour of the Coach and Horses a and P a trying conviviality conviviality ana and xour four or of scotch— Scotch— of seeing what theywer 8domg at the Standard and the Penny Attambra just by, which was » .flourishing uistitutioa at that time^of f ou, ven 98 far M the « ® Bntanma- anythmg or a cha B 6 e « Then it struck me it might not be a fine • night, and that the BIIOW, which had been ' threatening all day, might have come down j with a vengeance since the afternoon, All was very still in Greenmould-stroet, I re- . collected suddenly that I had not a I footfall for BOUrs, ana mat it was probable i pecp*e were noiselessly slipping past the I window. Not a cart or cab had gone by ; it • was unusually and unnaturally still for : Greenmould-street after dark. After dark 1 the street generally Woke up a great deal, The people In the flats came home and beat their wives, there was plenty of screaming and cries of murder, and boys and girls ran np and down and whooped till supper time. Yes, it was unearthly. I went to the window, drew aside the^blind, and looked out. I soon dropped the blind and looked in though. The woman was theie close to me, her miserable countenance only separated from me'by a sheet of window-glass. The blind had been askew after all, and the ob jectionable female was trying hard to peer in J T 1 " and see what I was doing now. She was " ae startled as I was—and that was reassuring. Ghosts are not likely to be frightened themselves when taken unawares, although I suppose they must be subject to surprises now and then. They can't have it all their own way in churchyards and haunted houses; they must clash with one another occasionally. At all events, this ghost, or this pertinacious female, was a bit startled when I looked out suddenly. The nose had been flattened against the glass, and was as white and round at the tip as a shilling, a sign of real substantiality that was reassuring to me, till I thought of burglary. Greenmonld-street bore an ugly reputation at the further end, where the lodging-houses were numerous, and Old Dredge was reported to be as rich as a Jew. jew. Did uia the tne nefarious neiarious classes think tninK Old uia Dredge's house was worth breaking into, and was this woman on watch to make sure that there was no one elee on the premises but me? Was I taken for Old Dredge himself, and out of the many hundreds who owed my principal a grudge was there one who sould not tell the difference between that miserable old man and me? Fancy being murdered for Old Dredge, and Dredge getting off scot free. Had Dredge, I wondered, been trifling with the affections of this lanthorn-jawed .woman in the crape bonnet, and was sne waiting to give him a bit of her mind? It was scarcely in Dredge's way to be after the girls. Was that woman outside as mad as a hatter, and had she eluded her keeper, andbeen prospecting the office as a likely place of refuge ? Or was it tome extra impsesBionable specimen of the eex who had take a sudden fancy to me, and was mastering ap her courage to come for ward ? Not likely this, but then what was likely? Should I be free from her the next day, or was I a haunted man from that time forth ? That was the question which kept me awake the greater part of the night, disturbed by my own wiid speculations, and haraesed by all the noises which an empty house -will make after dark. Tbc first uud fecond floors of the house -were to let, 1 may add, and had been to let for many months. Solomon Dredge bad tilked more than once of taking the lirst fl«or and constituting it his home, but he had not been able to beat down the landlord as to the piice yet, so he lived still in the Hackney-road, and when a bit poorly, es hereinbefore mentioned, he sought fresh air at Deptford. He never went far out of London bccacee of the expense. I was glad the next day when I received a letter from him by the first post, informing me that be should be at "business in the cocr&e; of the morning. I had had no previous recollection of being plid to hear that he was coming to the offise—it had been always a relief to me to be sure he was going to beep away, but on this occasion I was positively pleased. I must be getting old and foolish. That Jack-in-the-box woman, combined with the bad night 1 had had, had disturbed my natural composure. To think that a paltry incident like that should have affected me. I could net be quite well. I would try a toriic or a blood mixture in the evening, if I did not feel any better. Yes, the snow had fallen in the night; it had come down at last, in lumps. Greenmould street was choked with enow, and they were shovelling it off the roof all the morning as hard as they could, there being signs of a rapid thaw to follow. No decent female would come out such a raw and sloppy morning as this. I was safe from surveillance that day at any rate. Besides, there could not be any possible reason for that woman's coming again. Bnt she came. At half-past 11 a.m., when I had got fairly into work—all the old swing and go of it, to speak somewhat festively— the face reappeared over the blind, and the fishy eyes carefully inspected me and the premises before their owner withdrew. I felt my blcod curdling in my veins. I could not keep up any longer at this kind of game ; this was too much of a bad thing. I had seen so much of this unhealthy yellow face at the window that it had become quite familiar to me. 1 could have cried oat, " How are you this morning, old girl ?" had I been younger and .more flippant. In a day or two more possibly I should look forward to it, such is the force of habit; but till that time arrived I thought it wpold be more politic now to look for a policeman. I could not give the woman in charge, because it is not an offence against the law to stare through a window, but I could not state the case to the police, and ask at the station what was the best thing to be done. If icon Id interview the woman myself, it woald be satisfactory. Oat in the street, I should not be afraid of her. And anything was better than these periodic appearances. If I could only catch her! I became strategetic. I put my hat upon a chair hady to seize, and I took np my place close to the office door, so that at her reappearance I could dart into the street. And failing to get hold of her, I could go on to the Police Station and report that I was haunted. "Now I am ready she will not come,"I thought. It was 12 o'clock then, and I had wondered once or twice why Mr. Dredge had not put in an appearance as he had promised. It was not an hour to be nervous, but I was. The son was shining on the snow, and all was brightness and lightness and dampness when the shadow of the woman reached the window—paused—and again that familiar crape-, bedizened head rose over the blind. Before the woman knew exactly where I was, I was ontBide in the street, and she had only managed to get as far as two houses farther on. Ha! ha 1 she was mine—mine at last! " Here, I say—what are you up to? What are you dodging about like this for? Perhaps yoa'll explain now, will you ? Do you think I am going to be annoyed in this way every day ? Do yon want to be locked up ? What are you spying on my premises for? What the devil do you want ?" These were only a few of the enquiries I hurled at her. I had no idea I cDula launch out so warmly, and exhibit so much spirit ahd defiance. Bat my blood was warm, if not coursing through my veins, and i was face to face with my tormentor. 'And she was the weaker vessel; a very thin, gaunt, half-starved, high-cheekboned female, who had had yellow jaundice lately and had not got the colour half out of'her complexion or oat of her eyeB, which weie not pleasant to confront as she rolled them at me in a halfdefiant, half-enquiring way. " They ain't your premises," she said, in a tone of almost insolent dispirgement. " Never mind, I'm in charge of them, and I'm not going to be worried by you. You want somebody or something, I suppose?" "I do." " Oh ! we're getting to it, are we ?'' I cried; " who do you want ?" " Solomon Dredge." "Then why the dickens didn't you come and ask for him yesterday?" "I waited long enough for him, didn't I?" "I could have told you he wasn't coming'" " I shouldn't have taken your word for that." " Oh, wouldn't you? Oh, indeed." " 1 must make sure of him myself. And till I see him with my own eyes I shan't go away. I want him particular, I've come a long way aftsr him. " Oh 1 indeed," 1 said again, consumed by curiosity now. " From the country then?" *' From the grave's end; and if yon see him before I do tell him I'm coming will you?" " What—wiiai name shall I say, ma'am?" "Harriet " All farther q&ce;&ions; and answers were at the moment unceremoniously cut short by the descent of an avfllaijphe of snow from the houseroof above; somebody cried out, " Below!" when I was already too much below—knocked for a time out of all semblance of humanity. My hat—always a size or two too big for me, because I wore all Dredge's "cast offs," and his head was donderous—went down to my shoulders, and the crape bonnet must have fared bat badly. When 1 had wrenched my hat from eyes, the women was gone, I bad had a dizziness and a swimming, and a scrambling to my feet, and a panting for breath. The snowfall had escaped the wom$p, perhapB; at all events, she had escaped me. I did not attempt to follow her. I was too exhausted and knocked about. I raved np at the men on the roof instead, and they bawled down impertinent remarks about my not looking out, and being an old fool, and blind and silly; and presently, humiliated and halfcrushed, I crawled back to the office. I had hardly settled down—in fact, I had not settled down—when Mr. Solomon Dredge came in. He looked limp and worn himself —a big man suddenly grown flabby. He was himBelf either, or he would have certainly detected that my composure had been seriously disturbed, and that 1 was " muddly." He sat down before the empty fireplace and shivered. "Why hiven't you got a fire, Gubble?" he W 1 , reproachfully. - *' You did not leave any orders about a fire, Or any money for coals," I added. We had coals in by the hundredweight from the green grocer's higher up the street. " Yes. But, good luck, look at the snow 1" he exclaimed; " have you not noticed the Snow, Gubble?" I had noticed the snow. I would tell him of my accident presently when I felt better. Bat my head was still swimming. I had been within an ace of concussion on the brain, i was not quite certain, even theH, that I was sitting there unconcassed entirely. "They would have trusted us for the coals, if you hadn't got any money," he said, satirically; " our credit's good for a hundredweight, ain't it ?" " I don't know." " You don't know what, sir ?" " I say, Mr. Dredge, I don't know. Don't supnose I ever Bhall know. It's too extraordinary." "Eh?' He put bis hands on his knees, leaned forward, and looked hard into my face. " Have you been drinking?" " I don't drink." " Is anything the matter with yon ?" " I feel just as if my head was coming off." Mr. Dredge rose and made at once for the door. Ont of his mind, by Jingo !" I heard him say; " great goodness, what's going to happen next ? Was ever a man" " I'm all light, Mr. Dredge. I shall come round in a minute or two. I have met with an accident, that's all." "Oh! iB that all?" said my principal, resuming his seat. "What is it? I see you're muddy. Have you been run over ?" " No. I was standing outside the door, and they shovelled the snow on to me. Half a ton of it, I daresay;perhaps more." " And what on earth, sir, did yon want outside the bouse neglecting your business, and leaving the premises in tnat way ?" he roared out at me. " I was talking to the ghost—the woman— the whatever it was. "Ob, Lord! Horrible !" Mr. Dredge once more rose, and walked cautiously to the door. " You'd better rest yourself a bit, Gubble. I'll go for a stroll. I shan't be very long," he said. "She's outside," I said; "she wants to see you." "What?" "I wouldn't go out—I really wouldn't, sir. It's you she wants jshesaid so." " hoeaid so 5" " The woman with the yellow bonnet and crape face, tht " " Oh, Lord ! let tr.e get out of this !" cried my principal; " he's stark and staring !" " You'd better hear what I've got to say before you go," i said; " it won't take long. She'sleftfcomething tor you.'' Mr. Dredge paused again, and looked about him- "Left something! Where ia it? I don't see anything." "A message." "There really is a woman, then," he said, sternly, " and no noneense ?'' " She baa been Btaring at me over the blind for the latt two years—days, 1 mean." "Gubble, you must see a doctor, or Spinks the chemist,"say. I wouldn't go on like this —1 wouldn't really," he said, edging himself half into the passage, prepared for immediate flight if I grew daDgeroue. " I wouldn't say any more just now. I have been upset myself —awfully disturbed, and I don't think I can bear any more excitement on an empty stomach. I have not been able to touch my breakfast, you'll be sorry to hear." "I'm only a bit confused, Mr. Dredge. I am coming round all right," I said. " Don't go jast yet. You had better havs her message." " Out with it then." " Won't yon come in again and sit down ?" " No. I shall stand here for the present. What is the message?" " She said she had come for you." ' "Come for me ?" "Yes." I " What kind of woman was she ?'' " Tall, very thin—awfully pale and yellow." "Joet the party. Where did she come from?" " From the grave," she said. ! " Saints preserve us !" " She said that she had come from a very long way after yon, and would see you with her own eyes. Such eyes!" " Dash her eyes ! Did she say what her name was, or—or—anything ?'' he asked, with his false teeth chattering in his head. And false teeth can chatter when they like, i ""Harriet!'' i . "O-o-oo-h!" groaned forth my principal. '•It's all true—it's every bit true. You're i toot mad, and I am—or shall be ! Oh ! Gabble, I'm the mieer&blest; sinner that ever cumbered this mortal earth." j "I daresay you are, sir. But what are we to do with this party when she calls again ?" j "I don't know—I can't think. Tm a doomed man, I only know that." | He walked back to his seat and began to j shiver and moan in a most depressing way. ! As if I had not had enough to lower my j system for the rest of my life already 1 He j was very bad, ahd as be got worse in mind - and body BO I got better, I am very thankful to say. When he had become very low and sad, I was as bright as a button. ^ " How long, Gubble, do you think it will be before that thing turns np again ?" i " It may torn np at any moment. You'll see it over the blind first." "Pull the cussed blind down then, and light the gas." When I had done so, he drew a blackbordered envelope from his pocket and passed it over to me. "You remember my nephew. Dion?" he asked. " Perfectly." . " Read that; it's from him." i I opened it. I" It's short," I said, glancing at the lew lines it contained. : " And not sweet," he replied. ''Bitter as gall." I lead as follows :— " Porto Eico, West Indies, " October 24,18—. " Sir—My mother died this morning of yellow fever. I don't know whether it will interest you to know this; bnt she asked me with her last breath to write and tell yoa. Her troubles and mine, her struggles and mine, date from your wantof charity towards us—your hard- heartedness and cruelty. That she might haunt you for the rest of her life was her last wish.—Sour nephew, Diojr DBEDGE." " Her name was Harriet Dredge, Gubble." "Oh. dear! Then it is she," I said. " All the way from Porto Rico. Think of it." " What a journey at this time of year." " Gubble, you're a fooL" " Yes, sir, I am. I should not have been here If I hadn't been a fool. I know it, Mr. Dredge, too well." " Haven't you an idea? What's to be done when—when Harriet comes ?" '" 1—I should make all the reparation in my IK>wei." I said; " and if I were In your place, sir, before it is too late." I mas a fool, but I think I saw my chance of doing poor Dion a good turn at last. •* What do yoa mean f " When she comes," I replied, "couldn't something be done to appease her? Pat Dion's name down in your wit* something." "I've made my will," be sai(L$ "it's in that safe yonder, and my money goes to the erection of a monument to myself in the market, and to—to—a ward in the hospital— a Dredge ward, and so on." "I'm sorry to hear it. If the spirit could have been told that it was all square with young Dion now." :" And it was a spirit, Gubble ?" "Not a doubt of it." "She said she had come from the grave." " Her very words," I said. " When I was struck down she vanished, too." " Gubble, get my will out," he cried, "I'll add a codicil; I wont be fetched away in this unceremonious manner. Get the will out, willy ou. 1" He was very excited now, and he flung at me the key, which he had drawn with a shaking hand .from the breastpocket of his coat. I was not long in finding the will, and placing it upon Old Dredge's desk; bat he considered the delay tremendous. "1 never knew any man take sach a time over everything aa yoa do, Gabble," he complained, aB he walked with difficulty to his old place. " 1 shall have to make a change here." My news had upset him considerably. It was strange to see this hard old man frightened, but it very much refreshed me. He had been a big brute all his life, and now he was terribly afraid. It did not take him long to write his codbil; he was well need to that kind of business, and I went round next door and got a neighbour—Wilkins, house decorator— to step in and witness Mr. Dredge's signature along with me. Mr. Wilkins was obsequious and full of interest in my principal^ collapse, bat Mr. Dredge took very little notice of him. " Dear me, you do look 'powerful bad, Mr. Dredge. Is there anything else I can do for yoa?" were his last words. " Yes—you can go away," was the ungracious reply. Mr. Wilkins went home, aod my principal and I were left together again, with the will locked np in the safe, and the key back in Mr. Dredge's breastpocket. The excitement over, and the deed done, Mr. Dredge went back to his chair by the empty grate, and sat there with his chin on his chest, and his hands in his trousers pockets. "Do you think it's worth while waiting for her, sir," I ventured to suggest, after half an hour or so. " Better have ifc out," he mnttered, as though he wiere talking of a tooth. " Perhaps she won't come now she knows —for of course she knows—what yoa have done." " All the better." And if you went home"^— " Mr. Gubble, if you think I am going to have an interview alone with the ghost of Harriet Dredge you were never more mistaken in yonr life," he Baid impressively. " She's taken you into her confidence, and I will not see her without a witness." " A witness is always as well," I said; " it's" Conversation was cat short by a heavy thump on the knocker of the street door, which brought the heart—or the wind—into the throat of Mr. Dredge, and nearly choked him. " It's come," I said. "Let it come," groaned Dredge. "Pall the chain, can't you?" " It may be a client," I said, pulling the chain as he requeBted, and opening the street door; " but I fancy it's Harriet." I sat staring at the office door, and my hair began tingling at the rootB again. I thought 1 had got rid of my nervousness, and had transferred it to Mr. Dredge, nntil those, few harrowing seconds of watching and waiting. The office door slowly opened, and Harriet glided in. She looked more ghaBtly than ever, for there was something white over her forehead and under her unbecoming crape bonnet that added materially to her hideousneBB of aspect. A cere cloth probably. Ghosts do wear them. " Oh ! you are here at last, Mr. Dredge," Harriet said; " I am so mighty glad to get sight of you again." Mr. Dredge looked from the corner of one eye at Harriet, and then turned round slowly and faced the speaker. " How are you, Mrs. Tanks ?" he said in the most matter-of-fact tones. " I'm pretty well, sir, thank you, barring a blow I jest got that sent me clean off to the hospital to get my head dressed." " Fighting?" "No, sir, not fighting;out "Mrs. Tanks, I'm pressed for time;" inerrupted my principal j " I expect somebody hortly here. What is it you want?" " Oh ! that hasband of mine, sir." " Eh, what in tronble again ?" " Yes; they've caught him, just as we had both settled down comfortable like at Gravesend; and he's afraid it will go hard with him." " Is it that bnrglary case, Tottenham ?" ' " That's it, Mr. Dredge." " Hum, a bad case, and they've got him ?" "Oh, fast enough," said Mrs. Tanks, " and he says to me, old gal," says he, "see Mr. Dredge as coon as you can, and ask him to do his best for us again, as we're reg'iar customers. And tell him everything, and nobody else but him, mind'; and so I've been awaitin' and aw&itin;' till I thought I should have dropped off my blessed leca into the gutter. You'll pull him through, Mr. Dredge, won't you now ?" • " 1'il do my very best." " It'll go hard with him if you doesn't." > "It will indeed. Take a chair, Mrs. Tacks," he said, in his old, businesE-lifce way, "and let me understand the precise state of the mutter. The Tottenham burglary, eh ? dear, dear, we shall want a lot of witccEEie. Mr. Gubble, will yon go on with that draft, if you please ?" I went on with my work very slowly, keeping an eye npon the two of them as they sat and talked in whispers by the fireplace. I had heard of Mrs. Tanks. I knew many of the Tank cases, but had never seen her before. Once npon a time the Tanks had been in prosperous circumstances—had kept a pony trap, and had always sent for Mr. Dredge when any difficulty arose. And Mr. Dredge had made money ont of their difficulties. He was making money now. I heard the chink of it as a little canvas bag was passed over to him for payment in advance for services to be rendered presently at Police Courts and Central Criminal. He was in his element, and had forgotten his past fearB, Not for a single instant did he connect this woman with the [ghost that I fancied I had been haunted by, and it came to my mind that I would never undeceive ; him. It could not do him any harm, and it - might do his nephew Dion a great deal of i good. I went on writing, and they went on i whispering for a quarter of an hour, and then ) Mrs. Tank took her departure with a disparaging glance towards myself—a man in whom she had not evidently one atom's worth of faith. "A good case—extremely so, Gubble," Mr. Dredge said when she had gone; " but I shall be glad to be quit of these sort of things now. - They're too risky, and I'm getting too old for them. I need to eDjoy them very much, and they were always very profitable. What a splitting headache I have got to be sure!" He sat rubbing his temples for a time. Presently he relapsed into his old hunched-np attitude, and groaned out— "Harriet Dredge is a long time coming, Gubble." "She is." " Yon really do think that if she is appeased she may not come at all? Yoa have not said all that to cheer me up ?" \- " Certainly not, Bir. What has she to come for now?" " That's jnst what I was thinking myself. What's she to come for ?" He put on his hat and walked UD and down the room to keep himself warm. " I shan't wait any longer. I shall go home to bed." " Very well, sir." "I am downright ill, Gubble." ; " Very well, Bir—I mean very sorry, sir." "It is possible Harriet Dredge does not know my Hackney addreBS, That's why she looks in here." " Yes, she does look in." "And if it comes- again, take a cab and bring it with you—or something. I'd rather not see it alone, mind. Good day." Yea, it was his turn to be a little incoherent now, but I did not comment upon his wandering. Let him keep his faith and his fears, it wculd be better for Dion Dredge out in Porto Rico. I shonld not say anything more myself unlets he pressed me very hard. Then I should stick to the ghost. Solomon Dredge never came back to the office. He was too ill next day to move, and two weeks afterwards I was telegraphing to his nephew Dion three words, at nine-andsixpence a word— " Come at once." Mr. Dredge did not want him to come even then, but I thought it was beBt that Dion should be on the spot in-case of accident. Old Dredge would have altered his will even at the eleventh hour had he not believed that the office in Greenmould-street had been haunted by Harriet. And so he died peacefully and respectably, and I kept the truth of it all to myself till Dion came, and then I tcld him.JTCSSa? 1 - RUM I«ijSviiiSe]Effi9 Thank you, old man," he said, "I shan't forget you for this." And he did net, which was very kind of him. He was the best of a bad bunch, was Dion Dredge. 