ODDS AND ENDS. " I'M not going to play with Willie Wafflc-c anymore," was FlosBie'a dictum. "Willie is a very nioo little boy," said her mamma. "I don t like him. Iu faot, I don't lilro boys at all, mamma. I guess it's because I'm not old enough." " Mr friends," said a teniporanpo locturer, lowering his voico to an impressive whisper, "if all the grogshops wero at tho bottom of tho sea what would bo the result?" And the answer came, "Lots of people would get drowned !" Young Mr. Waldo (to Mis3 Breezy) : ".What it soft, .beautiful eomploxion your friend Mibb Wabash has, M iss Breezy ?" Miss Breezy : "Yes, and don't yon think, Mr. Waldo, that it is even more so on one side than it is on the other ?" Herb is the longest oorroot sentonce of "thats" whioh we have yet soon : "I assert that that, that that 1 that,' that that that that person told me contained, implied, has been misunderstood. " It is a string of nine " thats " whioh may be easily "parsed" by a bright pupil., A max was visiting a friend, and the latter presented him yesterday with a handsome field glass, saying : "Just take this as a keep sake, old man." "I'm very much obliged Charlie, vory ; but say " " Well ?" " How In thunder do yon open it when you want a drink ?" Coxclusivb Evidbxcb. — A tourist was talk ing to a man who was breaking Btones on the roadsids. A carriage drovo by. " Who's that in the carriage?" inquired tho tourist. " Ah 1 shuro that's tho Jidge, and I'm tonld he gets a pound a day for being that samo." " I should should say ho gets a groat doal more," replied the tourist. " Ah ! don't beiave it, yer honor. I don't bolavo he gits tho pound a day iteel'l tor many's tho toimo I sees him passin' tho road horo, and I novor eood him drunkt wansht," — i'an ti/ Fair. Paul Duplbs.ses was a regular contributor of ssrial novels to the I'airii. One ovoning as he strollod into his favorito Cafd in tluTsT? Martyrs ho was greeted by his friend, vi " who had boon anxiously oxpooting him in,' undo," he said, " is reading vour k'»i , ! with feverish excitement. Yesterday ,15 i the countess m a most orltioal situation ? : foil into a trap laid for her by those who snn'i' I to take her life Tell me, does she ' " Yes," was tho reply. Vernot struck tho nil I " W hy, what can it matter to yon?" inn,s„. Duplessis. "My undo has laid me a w„ that she would come to grief, and I thinv" you would want her again before tho end 3 story, laid odds to tho contrary » " r. . ks heavy bet?" " Two hundred francs." " said the author, and pulling out his w-!L added, "Niue o'oloek ; there is just timo to ra , down to the Printer's I'll take i cab and tho countess." "Will you though?" Vera i oxclaimod, quito ovorcomo. Duplessis <rr,J2 his hand, and said solemnly, "Ipromisfyo save her life. Un Anglais rot-R RtitB— The Gaulou now, paper has discovered yet "another of thou Englishmen, how they aro bizarre /" This nl! itis "Sir William Draggs," who, it appew hailed a cab at Brighton about a year ammi told the driver to take him to the pio o» which " Sir Draggs " had his yachts. He 'told the cabman to wait for him, meaning to cmi» about off Brighton for an hour or two but changing hiB mind, he determined to go rouct the world. The cabman waited and waited and finding that his "fare " did not como bad' ho obtained loave from tho municipality li erect a shelter for himself and his horse. H6r9 he waited for more than a twelvemonth when the other day » Sir Draggs" returned with hii yaoht, and was not at all surprised to find the cabman waiting for him. " How muoh do I owe you?" he said; and upon the cabmu handing him a bill for £600, he tore a cheou out of bis book, filled it up for the amount, and told tho man to drive him to his hotel. % illustrate tho extortionate oharacter of cabmen the Gaulois adds that tho man »9kod " Sir Draggs" for his fare from tho pier to tht hotoL Thb Dead Mulb. — About a mile from Fort Pillow we mot three colored men and a leamol horses. 'The horses werehitohed to a doad mule and wore" snaking" him off for burial, but just then had come to a dead halt. Tho men were wrangling in loud and earnest voices, and u we haltod -to see what was going on ono ol them explained — "Yo see, gem'leu, dis yore mule died of heart disease." " Didn't do uullio' of de sort ! " disputed the second. " If dit dere rauio didn't hov a ohill an' jist friz liiiMll to death den I'magonner!" " Chill ?" yelled a third. "Gem'len, dat mnio wuz old nuif to die, au' ho jiat-hooled obor, an data all daroni to it. Heart disease ! Chill ! Why dem two niggers nober sood a mule afore las' y'ar." "Junius, doau' you go to puttia' on airs obor mo!" threatened the first, who was driving the team. " You is a low down nigger from de bottom lands, an' deso whito men doau' tak-i no Btook in sich." The colonel advised poses, butJuniilB bristled up with : "Low down nig- gar! Bottom lands! Why fo' do Lawd, but! has alius lib'd on de mountains, an' a9 tur beiu' a bad man, I has got 22 papers from de worry best whito folks to show who 1 am!" " iteokoa you lie, sah !" "Who's a liar?" "Yes, who's a liar?" .Thero was a triangular fight. Each man went in on his own account and fousht the other two. They were still at it when the doad mule rolled over, raised, his head, and, after a moment, got upon his foot and bogau to eat leaves from a roadside bush. Our laughter stopped the /Wrens, and each darky stood still and looked at that mule as if ho had beoa a ghost. Then they looked at each olhor with olank faces. Then up at us with open mouths. Wo rodo away before thoy had spoken a word, but presently the leader Bhouted after us— " Bless my soul, but he's done come to lifo, aa' wo's had dis yere font fur nuffin." 