TO THE EDITOB. Sir—The baneful effecta upon society of the measure—simplifying divorce—at present be fore our Parliament" can scarcely be doubtad, But surely morality is sufficiently lax under existing social laws without legalising further infringmentby looseniDg the restraining bond3 of propriety and decency, and legislating in favor of popular clamor for social novelties and fads. The conspicuous departures of modern events from thewell-beaten and long- established paths of rectitude (tried and proven), and the reckless and greedy manner in which we are now rushing -after fancies new, and ghosts of pampered self-indulgence, would unquestion ably suggest a downward course, a retrogres sion, a falling away from the straight paths of right, and a moat decided hankering after the crooked by-lanes of the pleasures of life to the exclusion of duty. Marriage is' entirely a voluntary act on the part of the two parties concerned. There is no compulsion in the matter^ The bargain is distinctly made by and • between the two participants, each taking the other "for better or for worse," and any ultimate differences between them must lie at the door of their own free actions in the matter —no one else is to blame. It is a bargain, and of course must be respected and established as such. Our law very rightly only .admits of on9 cause for divorce — adultery; but modern sentimentality would eventually, abolish mar riage entirely, anil substitute a vile state of depravity. In fact, if we look with a calm un biassed mind upon the Btream of passing events we must, in accordance with common sense and reason, sea onr descent from a higher level to a -lower. This stream of innovations is ever hurrying U3 on from bad to worse, and its strength and destruc tiveness we are ever developing by our own faddish sentimental twaddle. We are rapidly drifting back into the ages of bar barism from which the adoption of the good old Scripture truths of Christianity bad rescued us, but by the abandoning of which we are again relapsing into our former barbarism wallowing in the mire of our own folly. This down. grade of discontent and rebellion against existing lawful restraint is. producing serious disasters in clasa disruptions, of strikes amongst employei against their employers, of riots and such like. The Socialistic element is tapidly dragging U3 all down the ruinous vortex of anarchy—wheie law ceases to exer cise its action for good, The Pope evidently tees this upheaval of the rapidly-rising level ling power of Socialism, whose aim it i3 to over throw all restraining authority, law and order, and hence his reason for making the stand he at present has taken against it ia Ireland. Anarchy is developing all through Europe into a mighty power for evil, and mu3t be met by all law-abiding and order loving Powers; for once allow it to assert its sway and Roman Catholicism, Protestantism, and all princi palities and powers will cease to exist, It may be asked what has all this to do with simplifying divorce ? Simply this—that the spirit of aver sion to the restraint of existing matrimonial, laws is a ripple of the same wave of anarchy that is threatening to overwhelm Christendom, and is an indication of the wide-spread feeling of rebellion againBt lawful restraint—a pre-, cursor of the rise and sway of the "lawless one"—a. power that prophecy declares will assert his diabolical tyranny iu the latter days and cauBe world-wide terrorism and rain. -I am, &c;„ JANUS. 