RUNNING GHuSTB'TO EARTH, (THe osTONorLOB e.) ' n Twkliag spirits, seeling "apparilione by the throat, nailing halluoinatious, peering Into :hacnted houses, and bearding spooke ii their done, experimenting wibh :thought P traneferoence and mesmerism, and in g.neral luookoying wish all the :unfathomable inyeteries of athe :human soul- thies.i the 5 unique ocoupation of a body of learned men eilled the' Amerleasn'Sloiety for Pdeyohip l P Rceearbh, I h' ;In a back room of a modest-looking g house iu'Bayleeton place is the headquorters it of the eooiety's seecretary, R?ohard' Rodgeon, LL.D.' In this simple room, filled wtith booke, pamphlete, and cironlate. sits the man who hopes that, his efforte will aid in solving the riddle that all the cages of all t toe nations have; given up. in vain-the 'riddle of the painful e.rth.". He hopes P not many years ill elapse ere nati factory anowere can be given to these worldeold questions: What is mind? What is the soul? Is It immortal? What is life and d ohat is death? He hopes that Nature's eupromost secrets will be. wrung by force reom her bosom, and marvellous revelations will bu made to mankind. And this know ledge will not be the result of any arguments or of beautifally countructed theories, but a of hard frozen facts, Dr Hodgeon is an Englishman, about tlirey.eeven years old, a .graduate of OCm bridge University, a profoundly learned scholar, aed a level.headed man of mouh sound common sense. He is an on hnesa?t, and is devoted, heart and'eout. to the work of the American Society for Peychie'l Re'. cearuh." He certalniy'doeeu t looktikei a man who hobohbs with ghosts, and is on peSeking terms with spirise. In-his clerical work, whici includes a vast correspondenoce, hIe is aided by a good, robuHt-looking bInd e,appar;tlon. Sne' is alto young.and qoito pretty. fWitl a somewhat indietinct utterasce, which scuds along at ab-ut twenty-two enots an hour, Dr Hodgson told, site writer boutt tite work of the Society for Payehoica Rhsearoh. Olr soeiety was for.med,' he said, 'for r the purpose ,f making-an organiead and yetematio attempot to iovestigate that dark border land of human experience, and to 0 examine critic lly the phenumene which are tit nouw exptolued by any satiotaotory theory. Scientific men' of o eminetoo in all tauntries admt .the potilble existence of 0 what the uneducated call thosts or spirits ; and further, that one mind may exert upon a another a positive influence otherwise tean hre ugh the recogngied sensory channels.' , 'Teht is, you mean to say, doctor, that if, for instance, you are in'Timhutoote; and I ie OQhkosh, I may feel my tsind under an influence emanating from yours, which thus labnihl?ltee time and spaee ?' Exactly,' he replied. ' An our society is eudeavoarlng to collect from reliable sources such facts, because it they are once Incontestably established they will prove of t the highest importance. . ,' " 'The obief departments iO our work are-n ; 7A 1.An examination of the nature and extent of any influence. which. may- be exerted by one mind upon another in what is p'"plarly celled a sunpernatral way. 2 'The study of hypnrtfmtmendtmes moeritsm, and thepbenomens:of clairvoyane. '3 An inquiry as to the existence of re lations hitherto unrecognised by sciense *v but seen living argeanlam and magnetic and aleoteri foroee., and between living and inanimate bodice . , '4. A careful tnvestigation of and reports, resting on sroog testimony, of apparitions neourtlng at the moment. of death or other- I wis?, and of disturbanoeos i houses reputed to be haunted. 5\. An inquiry' into various alleged phyaloui phenomena; 'commonly called spiritoalietic' ,, . ' ."` ,*In accordanoi "herewith the research 1 work'of our eooiety is divided ameog five committees, 'all of which are presided over by meno'of unquestionedt' hllty, learnieg, od fairness. Prefessor H P Rwdftoh, ofe Harvard, is chairman of the Committee on Thoirght Transferonce; Professor Joinal Royce of the Committee on Apparitions and Halinted Houses ; C. B. Corcey, a well knawn:'BestoniSOa, 'of the 'Oommfttee on Hypk ntoam'; Dr W.'N. Bdllard, of Boston, ,,f the Committee on' Medlamistio Pneeno. mens; ned Proteesor C. S. Mine,t of Har vard, of the Committee on Experimental Payeholngy. . ' That doesn't look like a eo'lec ion of c?auks, does it ? Or society is c'tmtposed of ,nen of all' orts of beliefs and no beliefs Some are Splritnalists, some materialltis, some theists, and some agnostice, but all Intent on the discovery of the tru'h, net by argumoet and ratiocination, but along the lines of incontestable experience' ' Would an inquiry es to y or own per sonsl belief he impertinent, doo or ' 'Woell, I soppose, I should be probably alled' a Spiritualist. A number of yearse .go, when I was a student In Cirpbr dde, England, 1 met a man. an utter stranger to rie I have oufflaient aose 'for believing that he knew nothing whesever"about me or my p?st lPfe. And yet this man told me, witth such mlaoueness of 'd`tail, airoum stances and events"whlch "I knew every tsee but myself to be ignorant of that I was forced to confess his miraeelnus insight ' When the writer looked a little iooredu 'ouseand ventured to interpose an explan. ties of ' the phenomenon, the doctor 5 Interropted him and p oceeded Tnle men, whom I met almost by aaoi i1 'le descrtbed to me wi'h abolte fidelity to tnuth the peculiar manner of my counla's death ih Aus rails twelve years previous, whore I was"then living. He said' he saw myoonfin present with us in the room, whore' he and I were ittines alone talking r, jostebs'you and I are talkiog pow.`, He told .h ma of 'oe tbo?esh' pranks' togeihei aid ol i, little': hilfdish seoret -that' my cneirs and l a had between ourselves Hee described, with perfect truth, many signotrioaaut crnd yet te:during Impreesions resolved when I was a youth. In fact, my whole past lifo lay before him like an open book. Ho rend my inmost saoul, 'I was at the time, as abeort of recreation, Invesatigating spiritualislm, and from the number of irauds I had colom across you may imagine how hard I was to conviooe. liar thin erperience was a?,liciens to over come my scepticism. 'Another lonident of adifferent caracter, however, which alme within my pereonal knowledge, served to confirm my belief that mind acts upon mind independently of metier or of time and epace. Au'Eng sh lady of my aqudain:aeae living in Lndoa saw saddenly before her one afternoon the figure of her clter,; clad to a shroud, and with her hair out close to her head. This sister was at the time on the voyage home from India. It afterward proved that rn the very day and at the very hbour when my lady friend saw the apparition her sister died on board the vessel. She had had her hair out off to seod to her friends at home as a souvenir.' ' Why do not a few such instances as these, If incontrovertibly proved, establish your :theory beyond all possibility of doubt?' 'Because,' replied Dr Hodgeon, as he filled his pipe, ' we are reasoning from facts to theories, and not vice versa. The more faots we have the more solid is our fonodation. That would ie a very' treacherous structure which wan placed' only on one frail post. A theory of thought transference based on one or two or eveno a hundred eases, however well attested, would have no value. The existence of one spirit apart from the body would not prove the eoxlence of other spili'e. The fulfltmnt of one 'dream, the reality of one apparition, the verification of the premono5 lion, might be called a coincidence, and the man who shauld attempt to build a theory on It would be justly rldiuledd But give us out ol 10000 dreams, apparitions, or premonitions 1,000 which are verified, and the plea of mee c senoidence no longer holds.' Do you anticipate natisf.otory resualls from the oooeloy's investigations V' 'Yee, personally, loan say that I do. Bat the work is far from being completed.. We have a vast amount of evilence, but it is'not yet era.esnd and sifted. A great deal of it is, of course. utterly worthless. The replies. to our airaulars asking for personal, experiences are still coming in, and is will be monbhs before tangible results can be an nounced.'-.. -..,. 'Do. you consider the haunted. hob e. branch of the payohieal business a divldend. paying one?' *. : , .Teo enthusiastlo doctor gave the: ques. tionor a quizzical look, drew three orifour staeooto whiffs a: his pipe, and said :.' No, that seems to me the most unnatlsfaotory part of our work, although several incon testable and unexplained facts have been gathered.' The Society for P.ybloil. Research guards its gathered materials with great seaeoay., Its rich fund of fact. Is not published 'a .tit. they have been passed upon and thoroughly examined by the various committees ; event then the nanies of those who contribute their. experiences are in- no ease furnished to the public. . Among the following aresorno of the m'oot astounding facts on the record: On let January, 1SS0, at'10.a.m., Mrs T., a lady living 'in a Western town, writes, to a member of Congress, the husband of her daughter, in Washligton. Dr Hodgson has seen theoriginal leter. Thisletter explains a telegram which Mrs T. had sent only three hours before, inquiring about her daughtert health ' The original of this telegram' has alo been seen by Dr Hodgson.' The telegram reads : Telon -,H'm'e os Renrssentai's'ea Wa tq.h " :oa, u0.-sc Ill tome 1 Nelledms. 'ed me '' ! The signature is the mother's name.' Mrs' T.'s letter of explanation first says that she has been for some days anxious about her' daughter Nellie's health, alhsough there . had been no. illness of late. "Letters from Wi?hington 'had boed! laoking for seian day ; ;hea last one hid' reported tshe daughter as' having just' returned Ifroan araking fifteeu calte, verry.. tired, and nearly frozeu.' 'I nahed.'.'says.Mrs T., 'lass night between 12 and 1' o'clock, deeply' impressed with the feeling that Nell needed me, I wanted to got up and send a telegram. Ift Ihad onsulted or folowed' my own in* oliuatniors. I would have dressed and gone down to the eittiegroom.' Later, however, MIrs. T. went to sleep again; but in the morning the vivid impression returned A: 7 a m, Mrs T. sent toe telegram, and wrote apparently` befose. she r.elvtd" an"' answer, eur in the margin of the lIstesr is added the posteripi: !Telegram' here; thank goodness you are well.' The lady lDn Washington, whose -mother - had.. had.. so vivld . an experience;: had,-been.t seriously 'ill' during, the same niabt, althougih she morning had found her much better Her antuok was a ,very sudden one, which she described as neuralgia- of the, lunge. withb a hard abill. . '?l mnstbhave been,' she says, ' about tlhe hour mentionedr ; in ury moner's laoiter that I, at last exclaimed !*,On, don't Il tla 'm was here t I hall send for, her, to.morror if I aminot' better..'', In the morniogoame the telegrarmn, from the Voest, but the patient swasbbeoer, and she.and her husband, w re puzzled at her mother's 'uiieastueass, and'replieds by:"'' tslegrsph :' We arer .1'well;'whatl is the' matter ath you' F I. 'A Bostob,lady, woe epotltlon is anabso-.' irte guarantee of perfect good faith, wrote from Hamburg, Germiny, on 23rd Juan last; to her sister,, who was at that time in Boston:--' I very nearly wrote fiom the' Hague,'. says the letter, toasay that I ws t very shankful when we had a letter from t yoa n 18th','Joe. 'sayilng '.that you'.'sdgm`! W. and happy, On the nigh;'of the 17th'' I had what 'auppoied to be a Ii.ht-" mare.; b it' all seemed to belong royce'and to be a horrid pain in'your head; as if il t were being. forclbly jammed intb an iron"' easqe or some souchb leasant inestrumenrt ol : torture. The queer part ni it was my own di,a'eoiatrion fro -.,the pain and the oonvlotion that it was yours.! ' Thisletter,' written from Ehrope irx days alter the" nighittiare, leaves nO room for supposing that any now forgotten' orrepaondenr s had-"e passed meanwhile.' o I Is. therefore, inlater. eating to find, on a bill maode out by a 'prs oa minent Bosaon dentist, under date of 10th June o laest year, and addreestd, to the husband of the lady to whom the foregoing letter was writ'n, an item for sne and two third hours' work en 17th Jose. It is also . lot-restlieg o learn frdom the lIdy' in quaetion that this avork was porformud for " hertes', soed was done upon a very paronfl. filling. The diromforrt succeeding this work feotinued as a dull pate for somo houre, sa n must have been sImuelaeneue with her sister's sightmare. As old gentleman ivisgv aC Albany haB Sbeen t for month. His a marrlied daogh se Sresided at Worcester, One evening laast edmmee she suddenly laid down the book she was redlnapg and sd to her hah?nd ti: I believe father is dying.' she wat Sstrangely overhome by the tmpresion, ase there had barn nothing whatever In tho sonveratiotin or i her own lh.-ughts to lend to to eun' ject er her la ther's halh. All that etosnig and the next meorning the Sfeeling hasuntea her, until adies·an erne s, hog that herfather had died the evening before. Lee w so trerela dark, and i e,'tlighting from his oonveyanae heIns nhe a a mis step and sprained hal y ahle severely. lie wife, who was at home as in bed .asleep. suddsnly awoale with tbe - vivid imprssaron that an aecid'nt had en ad eerrni to Shr hsband She aore, awahense& ~'lhe servant, end emmauniated her rertl to or her. N'thtng eoald nduce her to raeturn to bed. AI t 'cleek the doctor returned, anod ti- It was found that the moment oa the a oldeu. ly aed ni his wile's amaw?alng wser simul". r'ascsonsttr. le eas three miles away from. a. hams t thb time ta A yogng lady of Boston eves visiting' m. her unole at otnetpeiier, Vt. Be had but rg renently maved there, asd she had nevcr hdeen-.in he Green Mountain S'ate ts" 'n firs. : The day after her erri'val e- ' tI tooak her to a jeweller's to see a eacilo_ q'a Ib timepleen whiuh had beon meotloasa t (a. hium TaIa & jw Is wa a f k mm is| I MY m l| m ilmion" .s het; s a} mel hiMm bhi. Tne e. s ilttw-lf.ett do . .? made tlUO1ai , a•N ma e susus, affable mtn hbed out his baed to the young lady. lerW yess oaught sight of it, she turned p ile. tI art to tremole, anut did not take the proffered hand. On leaving the otore she b.ao to her uncle, 'I couni *: ehalik hands with that man ; there Io b!on oil lei fingers. He is a murderer.' Her uncle nidiouled the idea, but it wai aitorwards learned that thirteen ye-rn before the jeweller bad been indicted for murder, altheogh, owing to the breaking down of a witness whoat the first ex ,admation had told a stral.btforward story, he had eccoped "Onvition. Mrs J., livint( in the suburbe, had sprnt linmornig shobrpleg in Boston. She nays, I returned home by train just it. time to alt down with my children to dinner. MI youngest, a enenitlve, quick-witted little maideon of three years, was one o( Ihe circle. Dinner had just commenced when I ecd -denly recollected an incident of the morning shopping experience, which I meant to tell her, and I looked at toe child with the full ntentlion of sayleg, ' Mamma saw a big black dog in the store,' eatohiegher enso in nine as I paused an lestan before sp?aking Just then something called off my atteutio., and the sentence wee not uttered. Two .minutes later, Imagine my aetonibhment to bear my little girl exclaim, * Mamma caw a big dog in a store.' ,'Yes I did,'. I gasped, but how do you knoe ' ' With funny hair,'' ahe added, calmly ignering my question, ' What oolour was it 1' 'Black.' lNow it-was utterly impossible for the child to have been given even the slightest hint of the incident, as I was alone in town, and had not seen my children until I met them at the dirter table. Here Is a narrative, vouched for by the highest authority, of experience. In a house some miles from Worcester. The man who nseds it is a well known manufacturer, and his word tI as good as his bond, whioh would be honoured anywhere for 100,000dole. He wrote: *" Itirelating what I saw on a Joly mo'eiog In 83 at myhonuse, whioh I bad butrecently porohased, I-will first describe the room i. which Isaw It, It is a bedroom, with a win dow' at either end, a door and a fireplace at apposite ides. The room iain the upper story of a two story house, said to have been built b~fp e'the revolution. The walls are un usually thick, and the roof high pointed aed'uneven. The occupants at the time I speak of were my brother Henry, myself, And a servant womuan, The latter sleptins a noo'in n the basement story. A hallway divided my brother's room from mine On the night before the morning above men. tioned I had looked my door, and having umdiesebd and put out my lighe, I fell into a"'asond,' dreamless sleep. I awakened' abouiit 3 o'clock in the morning with my face to ths front window, Opening my eyes, I saw before me the figure of a woman stoop iig'dbown, and apparently looking at me. Her hqad and -noolders were wrapped Idaa common grey woolleno shawl. Her sars awere folded and'wrappod into the shawl. I'looked 'at' her in my horror, nad dared not'cryobut lest I' might move the awful thinogto speech oraction. Ilay andlo:iked; and 'felt as if I should lose my reasoner. Sehind heb bead I saw the window and the giowlng dawn! the looking glans upon the tollet'table, and the furniture tin that part of tLe?'ro."' . . 'Af i;W:hat may have 'bhen oily a feo emoondt-Io the duration, (i this vision i ase'nqt jdge-bshe rained h?erself and wen back'?ard' aoward:tli window, stood' at the tdllet tahdo anid. 'gridally vs,,thed. I meas shdgrew by argrees transparent,'and that through the shawl and the grey dress ahe' wore I saw the white muslin of the tahble cover og ain, and at last saw only that itrths place where tshe had stood.- Far htOiS I;lay as I"had laino on waking, not duiing even to turn my .eye, lest'on the other,side of the bed I sho.ld see her again. Now there is one thing'of which I cou'd take sanyoath., and that is that I did not mention thibl.ircnm'itane' either to my brother or to otr eervant, or to any one else., ,;Exactly a? flrenght afterward, when ?lttitg t,, .breakfast,: I nottoed that my brother seemed out of sorts and did not eat. On my asking if. a·ijthang was the' mattei, he replied,. 'No; but I've had a horrible •e'wghtmare. Indeed,' he went on, .it was no nightmare. It wasesarly .this mornin. just as distinotly as I eee.ou.' ' What ' I ' aked, ' A -Bvllnilnous.lnoking hlag,' he answered, * with her head and arms wrapped isa grey shawl, stooping over me and looking like thin. .. f Hegot up, folded h?fearms. and put him, elf in. the post-re Irememberedro well IIe then described how the figure moved towards the door 'and dissppeared. 'Her malevo :'lhtt'faee and her posture struck ,terror so my soul.'::' ''A' ear later. In 'he month of July, one eveting ebout 7 o'clock, my second eldest iseter and her two little chilAren, who were visiting s., weie the only fo'ks at homue. !The eldest child, a boy of five years, wanted, a drink of water, 'and on leavin thedilning room to fetch it my sitter desired the, children to remain there if I her reta n, Ahb leaving the door open. Coming back as quickly' 'a possible she met the boy, pale and tremblirg on his way to her, and nsked why he had left the roam. 'Oh.' he said, 'who is that woman ? Who Is that woman;' ' Where!' she asned. ' That woman who went up stairs,' be answere= Shbetried to convince him that there was no oneelse n the house, but he was so agitated 'and so eager to prove it that she took his' trembling hand In hers and brought' him mpitaii, and went 'from one ;room:to an other,; he searohing behind onshies' and under beds, still matitaining that a woman did'?oo the tshire,' My sslater rightly thougbtithat the.mere fact of a woman glhig up stairs in a hnuse where she' eas a stripger would not account for the'chlld'l terror.. 'C A4 neighbour :of .ours start:d 'when'w irasttold him what we had seen, oid thbe asod If we 'had never heardth'at a wrman iad,,beean murdered in that"hoees' many years. previous. to,. oaur purchase of It. He. said it had. tlhei reputation of being haunted. ' This was the first inimatlon we hadof,the'faot. , 'On the night of he,7th July. 188i 1 a 1 wakened from.a sound sleep by some one epeekig close to me. I turned round, say Ing,.Emily, what is it?' thinking that my ?iter, who :slept ia the room next to mine, had.eomeln.t I saw plainly the gurae of a wdmnci,who deliberately and ilently moved away.' nward' the door, whIhob remained ehbit, iI had left it; L 'Two dnys :after this oecnrrenoce I was e* wakened about 6 o'clock in the mornig by a I pr~sentiment of approaching evil. I opened tl my eyes, and distinctly seaw the form oc a is darky.clad, elderly female bending over me a feitto'alded'arms and glarloing at me with the Ir mnaostlantense malignity I tried to scream, d and etrogeled to withdraw myself from her, re when she slowly 'and nllently receded bhaek. t wardi and' teemed'to vanish through the bedroom door.' ' 