Queensland News. 1 [rnojr. oun own conitESPoxDEXT.] QUEENSLAND NATIONAL BANK SHARES. BitlSBAXB, November 1G. The has been a groat drop in the Queens land National Bank sliares. Quotations on change this afternoon, sellers £0. THE WHEAT TRADE. There is a probability of trade in Indian wheat being revived, owing to the romovul of the duty of Oil. per bushel. MEETING OF CHINESE. **? uiLuuiiifj vjl uiiu vs ii i iit,-ai; iveiuullb ill X J I la * lniin was hold last night. A petition was intrusted to Qunng Tart, who is en route to China, for presentation to the Viceroy nt Canton, calling his attention to tlie damage which hns been done to the pro perty of Chinese in Brisbane during the recent general election, and representing to the Chinese Government that unless something were done, a premium would be placed upon lawlessness towards them. Tho petition also contained somo reference to the hard ships endured, and tho difliculties which Chinese residents in Australia labour nudor in not being allowed to cross tho borders of colonies without paying a poll tax. So Lord Shaftcsburv's utitue has boon got | into Westminister Abbey ut lust. I am truly .i thankful to think this is so, and I should hopo ;? that the scandal thus terminutcd will mark the 5 end of tlio slminofnl system which permits the '% Demi and Chapter of Westminister to levy -'. blackmail in this fashion upon every national | memorial to a dopirted worthy. It would bo i dilliuulb to lind a more convincing argument $ for tlio unconditional nationalisation of all ? church property tlmn the spectacle of tho \ st'itc- appointcd custodians of a building liko : Westminster Abbey refusing admission to tho ? ninnnmi'nts of the mig'ity dead, until they ? themselves have been tipped all round on the [ prescribed scale. — Truth. f We gather from tho Observer thiit a very \ large and enthusiastic mcotin-r was held ou \ Thursday evening in tho Town Hall. Brisbane, |i to express sympathy with Mr. C. S. Parnell iu 5 his con!li.;t with the Timer. Mr. W. Brooks i occupied tho chair, and in a very clmracleris. '; tic spoei-h opDiied tbi meeting. He said that I an ho had rend tho long and droiry j imativo of wrong nnd outrage which ] had been the lot of the p 'or pouple of Ireland, j for long yuara ho felt a quickoning of tho ] blood and his eyes filled with tours. Among ? the spe.ikfiy were Ilio Hon. J. M. Mucrossaii, '?? K. I'lilmer, P. O'Sullivan, J. C. Drake, W. I Littlo, and C. Agnaw, M.M.L.A., tho Rev. ! Father Horau, Dr. Coniyn, Dr. McNeilly and ! Mr. Iluxton. All the resolutions \rere curried j with enthusiasm, and on tho subscription i list being opened, J6L31 10s was subscribed in j the room. ! A general meeting' of the shareholders of j tho Mountain Maid Gold Mining Company, Limited, was held at Ilenuessy's hotolyoster . ' day nftesnoon. Mr. Slruver was called to tho chair, and there was a Iui'ro and representative attendance of 'shareholders, either pcrscnallv or by proxy. Tho soeretary/Mr, C.ispor,' read tho report of tho providiomi director*, which stated thut all tho sharos offered to tho public had been tiken up, and allotted. Tho directors had visited tlio mine very recently and niado a thorough inspection ' of tub work in progress. They had sunk to a depth of 72 feet, in No. 1 shaft, and of 85 feet and 52 feet respectively, in shafts 2 and 3, and tho roof showed an avcrago thickness of over 5ft. 2in. Tho shaft hail been slabbed COffc. leaving a framo for stopping overy 12 foot! Tho stono found at tho bottom o£ the shafts by tho directors, showed splendid free gold ? about GOO tous of stono is now 'at grass, nearly all oE which shows fair indications oE gold. Tho special mining reporter of tho Brisbane Courier' writing about fctvo ' Weoke ago from Thano's Creek states. Tlio Mountaiu Maid Company have commenced driving at tho water lovol, and arc rais ing same very good stone from a roof ovor 2 foot thick, and havo now- proved that there is ' at least payable gold over 200 yds of thoir ground. The provisional directors had every conlldance in tlie suueess dl' tliu iniue, us a good dividend paying mine. Tho report was adopted. Moisrs Struvor, MoClay, ' Honncssy Mackirdy, Ifalkiner and Melntyre were oloetcd directors, and Messrs. Bcirno ? aud Alattiuelv Auditory Answer tooorbhspoudjnt — T. W. Lotte recoived. Tho mutter is rathor diacuraive for our columns, news is what is required for n newspaper. With regard to tlio fir/- »t Brolcon Hill « telegram snys tint Sir William Orr, shaio broker, estimates tlio loss I-y tlio firn n.fc £70,000, and tbar insurance* amounting lo £20,000 hiwl boon effected. Ho yilnos the land on which thn bnildingi sto:- 1 nt, £3' 1.010. '_' ' It is thought thnt a relief fund should b« organised, having branches in Adelaide, Mel j bournp, nnd Sydney, with an invostieratio-i \- committee lo iuquiro into tho hona flits of ?:: nppiicants :or reliff. Thn entail's, nf the I Union Bank's safe wore found to he intict. li An inquest on tho flro was begun today, but I nothing special had been elicited when the | Court rose. | Tun An.itraln.iinn says the Minister of I Agriculture announces that two first prizes I of £50 each and two second p-izes o' £25 each I will he awarded during the pn;s-nt year for | tho heat managed farms in Victoria. The | prizes ore divided equally bi'twoon the | «outhorn and northern districts of tho colony ?: Notice of nomination must be forwarded to tho I secretary for agricultnro not lut-r than the | November 39, find full particulars must be | given as to tho name of the owner and tho I place_ whoto the farm is litmited. Tho com I potition is restricted to freeholders in oocupat I ,. ion and to Crown tenant*. Tie task of 1 islflcting the most suitable farm for com not i. 2 t'.on will bo entrusted to the local agricultural 1 societies, and the judging wili be by I three gentlemen to be appointed by tho I Minister of Agriculture Mr. Dow also offers ?S a prize of £150 to any person or company win I shall, in his opinion, have produced a machine | capable of thrashing within 12 hours 800 a bushels of peas without injury. Flto.ir statistics just published, dealing with tho richest men living, it appeals that there are about 700 with over a million sterling, of whom 200 reside in Enurlnn-1, 100 in the United States, 100 in Germany and Austria, 75 in France, 50 in Russia, 59 in India, and 125 in other countries. Th- richest amongst those millionaires are tho following: — Jay Gould, tho Araericin railway king, worth £*)5,0n0,00D, annual ineo-ne, £2,800,000; MncUy, £50,000.030, £2.500 000 ; Rothschild (England), £40.000,000. £2,000,000 ; Vunder l)ilt, £25,000,000, £2,250.000; ,T. B. Jones (United St-ttes), £20.000,000, £1.001.000 ; Puke of Westminster, eiCOOCOOO. £S00,000 ; J. J. Aator (United States). £10,000,100, £500.000; W. Stewart (United States), £3,000,000, £100.000; J G. fienne't (United States), £0,000,000, £300.000; the Duko of Sutherland, £0,000.000, £100,000; Ruko of Northumberland, £5 000,000, £250,000 ; Mar quis of Bute, £1,000,000, annual income, £200,000 ? Australian. With regard to Chinoao exclusion in America the Jitool-li/n Eagle says: — What- ever tho fate of the Chinese exclusion bill, tho people will not loose sight of the potty mo tives which have controlled the Semite. Tho bill is regarded as the most stringent measure of the kind ever passed. It not o»l\ nhso Illfnl V nvnlliKifca f.lin iimviirvi*nt \t\w nP Pliinmn but it prevents the return to this country of Ihnsn who are absent with certifi cates. Naturally tho Pacific co*st Senators are jubilant ovor tho passago of tho act. But they arc so rabid in their anti.Chinese proju dices thnt they cannot expect to look rationally nt the question in any circumstances. Tho determination of the question at stake is a ttsk tint requires both delicacy and firmness. It is fortunate for tho country that it is confided to trustworthy hands. Thn President can he relied upon to deride the fate of tin: bill, not in obe.lience to outside clamour, but in line with the itrtightforwnrd policy to which ho has systematically adhered. There is every likelihood that in this controversy, as in the retaliation disputo, he will pursue a course that must cover his Senatorial oppon ents with confusion and dismay. Wk wish (says tho North British Dailii Mail) Mr. Arthur IHlfutir would speak oftener in public. It would bo nn advantage to tho Liberal party if tho peoplo of Scotland and jvngiaiin wero newer acquainted wttn tns gentlemxn who is throttling political and social liberty in Ireland. The more frequently he speaks tho more clearly will it it be, booh that the administration of Irish affairs is dominated by personal passion and party ani mosity. Mr. Bulfour's speech the other night wm that of a flippant young man fresh from a debating society, whore ' cheek ' has been cultivated more than manners. In tho old davs of Old Bailey the Tory Chief Secretary niL-lit have shone as an attorney. He shows consi derable smartness in reviling his opponents when he has no caso. Doubtless he would be more effective if he could conceal his anger ngninst the Liberal party and their and bis hatred of the Irish peoplo. But some of his flowers of oratory are bound to arrest atten tion, because, being eminently characteristic, they are such as do not usually spring up in any controversy in tho higher walks of poli tical life. Mr. Balfour's chief epithet? speak for themselves, und his assertions are Mich that no man with any self-respect would stoop to contradict thorn. Perhaps one need not he surprised at tho Chief Secretary's excesses of speech when even that pattern of virtue the the Grand Old Woman from Invcrnray Castle, does not hesitate to delight a Tory meeting by s»ying that tho whole Liberal party through out the country ought to bo locked up in lunatic asylums. Tun new German Emperor (says thn Morn ing Advertiser, of October 3rd) makes his ap pi'nrnnce at Vienna unaccompanied by Prince Bismarck, though attended by Count Herbert Bismarck, the Chancellor's son and pronump tivo successor. Tlio tenure of tho Prussian sceptre has passed from tho grandfather to the grandson, but the changes that have occurred since 1873 in tlio ruling personnel nre ns nothing fo tho political changes which have taken placo thcs» fifteen years. Tho alliance concluded in 1879 has borne its fruit. Even prior to the Turkish war of 1877-78, Russia hid become cstrimgo'l from her two neigh Inurs, with whom she had arrived at a kind of understanding nt tho meeting of tho threo .'?hnnerors at Berlin in Roptcmber, 1872. The B M-lin Conference of 1878, which put an ond tu that war, considerably widened the breach that had previously arisen, and Austria's occu pation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, though officially acquiesced in by Russia, has always been louked at by her with as much ill-feeling ns our occupation of Egypt lias for tho lnst fow years been by France. This ill-feeling has substantially rcmainoj the same for ten years and more, Prince Bismarck advised Austria as fur back as 18G5 to transfer her centre of gravity to Buda. Under tho proas urn of adverse circumstances, bIio has done so, ,. ovor since Sadowa. Hence tlio Drang narh Osten, that eastward tendency, the very thought of which made Pkoboloff gnash his . tooth in tho lust feiv years of his life, and which is as likely as not to bring on a conflict with Russia at no vory distant date. Upon tho nerves of tho Punslavists the advance of Austria towards the Balkans acts ns tlio .light of a ghost does on any suporstitious mortal, an-l Mr. Gladstone onco thoir sworn friond, fondly ? imagined, . during his Midlothian campaign, that ho could lay that ghost with tho inirie ; formula, ' Hands off;' but somo how Austria's , grip on tho contested territory has been tightened instead of relaxing. With Ger many, whoso political interests do; not clash any whoro with thoso of Austria, at tho present timo the Dual Monarchy is on tho best of terms, aud so sho is with Italy, tho third ' member of tho newly formed trfple alliance The claims of fhe Italia irredenta, coveting -» Trieste and the Trontino, m woll aa Nice and Malta, uro now. heard pf no longer, und Austria buinjjf reliovod of ovory anxiety in (.In direction of tho Adigo aud the Alps, cm bring tho whole weight of her material resources, bidly managed though thoy aro, to bear upon; hor north-eastern frontior, so as to dt fend hot' territory against the Muscovite if called upon, or attack him on bia own, if need be, Tnrc Observer of Thursday s*ys : — A 'Go- vi'rnmont Gazette Extraordinary' issued y storday cumins a proclamation of his Excellency tho Adniinistra'or of thoGwrn incut proroguing Parliament to Tncs lay, l-t January, Tvro of the principal novels of tho nutmnn publishing season will hit ' Th.i Legacy of C lin,' by Wilkie Collins, nnd ?? Tlrough the Long Night,' by Mm. Lynn Linton, both of which aro to appear ab^tit tho middle of next month.— Truth, Sept. 27. Tub gild assayor's repirt on tho sampK' of the lo lo struck on the darn Mountains. Aber, near IHngor, North Wales is said t) bo vory nutiaf ictory, and to warrant thu idea that the Carnarvon gold mines may even b.i a succ «? fill rival of tho Merionethshire venture. — itomt News. Tub Observer of Thursday states thnt the reasons formulated by Sir Thomas MM I wraith fur objecting to the appointment of Sir Henry Blake ,is Governor of Queensland, woro sub mitted to the Cabinet yesterday and approved of. To-day thoy have been cabled to tho Secretary of ^'tiite for the Colonies. Tub ,?. M. Herald of Wednesday says ; — Yesterday the Newcastle conforenec agree ment was signed by all the masters, officers, and dologates, represented in ths two nssneia ti ins, witli the exception of the Minimi di.'legato. Although the agreement is not yet form-illy accepted, the general opinion pro viili that ait the pits will be in full work on Monday. AnotJT a fortnight ago Lord Armstrong re coivoii a ?? cnnnucutini loccer from a uigniy placoil official at Essen, offering, for a nubstun till consideration, to plica at the dispns.tl of his firm the tracings of tho whole of tho guns and projectiles which have been manufactured at the Krupp Works during tho last year. Lord Armstionsr, having consulted with his partners, enclosed the letter containing tho otter to Miwsim. Krupp, with the result that tho traitor line been dismisud aud arrested. — Truth. Tim telegraphic announcement that the English Liberals have gained lirgely in tin inuuicpil elections quite neenrda with tbi- nnvement shown in the bye eloctions for tli-« H-)iise of CounnoiiB. Th're hnvo baen vnry few vacancies lately, but a? they occur tln-y will in all probability exhibit more and inoru of the same tendency. WheHiir they aro ri.fht or wrong in their promises, tho Liberals are the only party who even say lhat they bnvo any remedy for the chronic difficulty of Ireland. Tlio doctrine of the Tories is that the cise admits of n- remedy but only of 'coercion for over and ever.' But mero weirinoss must bo fatal to the iniintouanco of such au altitude as this, by which tho p iwor3 of the nation arc always kept oh tho str»in to produce a merely negativo result — not to bring about a beneficial change but just to keep things as they arc. The position cannot bo protracted indefinitely and tlio sinallost re laxation of off irt is fatal to its succ«S3. No doubt Mr. liilfour has shown great ability, strength and psrsistency in his Irish policy Bat what does it amount to ? Whit would it amount to if it was inaiiitaiuc 1 for a genera tion r inings woniii no ;juic as cuey worn ani nothing would ba any nearer to a solution. C )nsidiM-ations of this kind mint tell upon tho general public and eipociilly upon tli.it largo section which is neutral between the contending parties. And it U pro'iably d::o to their effect tint the present giins hive bo^n made by tho Libor.a's in tho municipal elections, omem of tho-e greater gains to come wh'n the voie.o of th:s country is tiken on th'- subjoct. — Baity Telegraph. In* a carefully wri'.ton. loader o l the present imbroglio as t- the now Gwcrmr of Qunans land, tin Syiuci/ Diihj Telegraph s^vs : — One admirable featnro of the present affair is the in inner in which the Queensland case bin been nvuiageil by Sir TlmivM M'lKvraitb. Tho expect ition of poor Lord Knutiford that the ii'inounceinnnt tint ho wits getting ' imfa'e.l ' would avail to squelch the Queensland Premier proceeded only from a straugi misapprehension of tho relative weight and strength and positions of himself and Sir Thomas M'lhvr.iith. That stat'js'iian has sho^n in h!s action a far-seeing saeacity and caution th.il; comes, no1; from n cmsciouaness of his weiknen, but from bis sonso of strength. It is his contest with tho late Sir Anthony Mnserave over again. He stands entrenched within his constitutional righ's and relies on the strength of the posit! in He Ins taken care to »eeuro the occurrence of Sir Samuel Griffith at every afcige. and this has been patriotically given. Tin; folder of the Opposition ban appiarod eager to p-ovo thn truth of his declaration at tho election.! that howovrr ho had eomo to ho accuse I of Iui ppriilism hu is in foot a tr:in AnsMviliin patriot. This S]iectaclc of tho Minister and tin lea lor of the Opposition stuvlin? shoulder to shoulder in vindication of tho rights of tho cilony is not a fnmiliir one, biu. wo trust that it will always bo seen when those rights require defence against an outsiilu authority. We may differ on many points among ourselves, but unless wo could sink itll differences when occasion c ills up m us to unito in thn work of building up a free A:i.i tr.ilian nation we should show a grievous want of capacity bo rise to tho level of the great destiny beforo us. Ijf theso words Sir Moroll Mackcnzio pums un his estimate of Frederick tho Noble: — Tims passed away the nobleit specimen of huni'Uiity it has over been my privilege to know. Of bis military achievements au-1 his political wisdom it would be prosuniption for mo to speak. During his lifts his natural iv servo and the circumstances in which he wm placed led him t~- efface himself to n cre.at ex tent so far as the practical conduct of affairs were concerned Ho could not, however, con ceal his kindness of heart, which thus came to be tho leading feature in the public estimate of him. Only those whose official position brought them into personal contact with him, ami a choson few who were permitted to enjoy his confidence, know that Frederick lit. was a man of commanding intellect. His courago in tho field is known to tho world ; his com passion for sufforing nnd misfortune, and his chivalrous forbearance towards tho weak, are acknowledged most freely by thojo whom ho conquered in war. It was my lot to know him under vory different circumstances; to sco him face discaso and suffering with the same unostentatious heroism as be had con fronted tho enemy in tho battlcfiold ; to sec him whiUt stundiug in the very shado'v of death still eager fo do what ho could for the people over whom ho had ruled. Only tb»se who had the privilege of constant intercourse with the Emperor Frederick know how much poorsr tho world is for his death. No om could know him oven slightly without living him ; no one could bo more intimately ac quainted with him without reverencing him a» ouo of tho most large-minded and noble-hearted of men. Though naturally souioivhat reserved ?md dignified, ho lovod to talk freely with all classes of people. Ono thing which particu larly struck mo wns tho absolute genuineness, tho transparent honesty of tho ' man. He never affected a lcnowlodgo which he did not possess, but was modestly deferential to thoso whom ho thought bettor informed than him self. Though active when the necessity for ictiou arose., his nuturo was contemplative, tiiii liis mind csscntia'y judicial. Tho manliest of men, ho had tho gentloucss and purity of soul of the purest nf women. He has gone down to his grive lowing us the memory and example of a stainless lifo and a beautiful death.— S. M. Herald. Nuuui's Daluiathiau Insect Powder quickly lestroys lie is, mosquitoes, bod-bius, lice in poultiy or Btouk. Travellers by sea or land, if ;wiso, will provide themsolvos with a tin o!' '?bins valuable companion. Price Is. with patent sprinkler from W. A. Noble, Phar lnaceutioal Cuomist, Toowoomba, 13 'S DuBlStt tho Southerly gale on TupBilay lnit, \ portion of fie Melbourne Exhibition foil in with a crash. Tin- screen of tho arch of the permanent building also gave way, lint was prevented from falling. — S. .If. Herald. Tun Petty Debts Court, yesterday, before Mr K. B. Jdine, Esq. J.P. Mansfield v White, for dishonoured pr.miisnry note — £!0 Is 2il, verdict f..r pliintiff wish coats, £'.2 7s. 8d, J. Stirling v. Anlozark; cliiim, £1 Cs., verdict for plaintiff with costs. J. P, M'Lrish v Bowcrmnn j claim, £1 12s., verdict for plaintiff with costs. Tub Armiilah Express sny.?:— Wo loarr. that last week, the Ontholic priest who bad etigago.i the Centennial Hull at Hillgrove mines, for religious services, discovered that the .Salvationists bud already secured the building. When about to engitgc other rooms, hiivuver, Mr. Godfrey of the Salvation Army, wnit-d upon tlm priest and informed him that tho .Salvationists would on this occasion waive their right to tho Hall Accordingly, the Catholic services were held in tho Hull, nnd several of the Salvationists attended. A conitBSPO.fDExr, who evidently doss not hold tho opinions of Bishop Moorhouse, writes : 'Thinking nb -ut the scriom drought in this fair land, and wondering what wo ought to do in this, our time of need, I wont ns I always do for counsel to au old book my now Biiinte.l father gave me, n-id I rend, ' Lord God of Isra'l, there is no God liko thco in heaven above, or on earth beneath, who keepest cove nant nnd mercy with thy servant) that walk before theo with all their heart. . . When heaven is shut up, and there is no rain, because they have sinned against thec: if they pray . . . and confess thy name, and turn from their sins, when thou afllictcst them : then hear thou in heaven, and forgive the sin of thy servant! . . , and give rain upon the land which thon hast given to thy peoplo for an inheritance. — Courier. £IJL tfc IUUUI1U IUUUWL1£ 111 LJU11I1UI1 UL tll(2 Scottish and Australian Coal Mining Com pany — which company, by tho wny, owns tho Lambton colliery in Neiv South Wales — tho chairman of the board of directors announced that trade had so greatly increased during tlio second half of the year that ho felt justified iu recommending a dividend at tne rate of 15 per cent. Tho chairman then pro ceeded to alludo to tba Newcastle (N.S.W.) strike, and stated that tho wages paid to tho miners were very high, that the mmi sought to giiu the mastery over tho colliery-owners, and that as s consequence trade in Newcastle was wasting away. He hoped that it would not bo noccssaay for tho company to import miners t.i work the Lambion olliery, but unless arrange ments were made for an immediate resumption of work, the company would certainly import men as they were determined not to iillow tba ininsrs' union to have the mastery in the matter. It is interesting to note that tlio remarks of the Chairman of the Scottish and Australian Coal-Mining Company wore loudly cheore I and that the report and balance-sheet were adopted. — JiuUctin. The historic Pinion, the manufacturer, in the immortal address to his workmen, in made by Oarlyle to say : ' Noble spinners ! we have gained a hundred thousand* pounds, which is mine; the thieo-and-sixpence daily was yours. Adieu, drink my health with this irroif, each, which I give you over and above.' Tho Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Scottish and Australian Coal Mining Company not only witholds tho groat; ho grn libles at tho mon by whoso labour he is enabled to declare 15 per cent Uoiloas more than grumble ; ho tbruat'iis to displace them by deported ' black log ' mustlc, and his throats are ' cheered ' by his brother spoilers. Just at present, too, by the fin mciiil manipulation oF the sometic Goschcn, British Bonds arc bearing only 2J- per cent. Watson loads of money can bo bnrrowe I throughout the length and bre idth of the United Kingdom at 3 p_-r cent. The Scottish and Australian Coal Miuiusj Company his declared a dividend of 15 per cent., five times tho normal rate of interest o:i s»fe investments, nnd coal shares havo hitherto been in safe as tha bank of Eng land. Had the company declared a dividend of 5T per cent, tho outcry against dear lab»ur would have been ju?t the s»ne, for U not tlm workman in the eyes of the British capitalist even as a weed ? — Bulletin.. Tub following protean yarn is going the round of tha British press : — A la.ly and gon t'ciun were travelling together on au English railway. Thay wcro perfect strangers to each other. Suddenly the, gentleman sail: ' Madam, I will trouble you to look out of the window for n fow minutes; I am going to niako some changes in my weiring apparel.' ' Certainly, sir,' she replied, with piliteness, riiina and turning her back unon him. In a short time he said : ' Now, madam, my change is complete'l, and you may resume your scat.' iVhoti the ladv turned she. beheld hor in:iln companion transformed into a dashing la-:ly, with :i heavy veil over his face. ' Now, air, or madam, whichever yon like,' said th'i li'ly, ' I must trouble you to look out of the window for I ulso havii s'lmo chances to make in my apparel.' ' Certainly, madam, nnd tho gen tleman in laly's attire immediately complied. ' Now, sir, you may lvsumi your seat.' To his -rreat surprise, on resuming his scat, tlio gentleman in female attire found his lady co'njnniim transformed, into a man. He then liiturh'! 1 nnd said : ' It appears that, we are both anxious to avni.l recognition. What havo you done ? I havo robbed a bank.' 'And I,' said tho wh'lo'ii lady, as be doxterously fottired his companion's wrists with a pair of handcuff;!, ' am Detective J — — , of Scotland Yard, and in female apparol havo shadowed you; no-v,' drawing a revolver, 'keep still.' Mus. Lm;rnv has lately been in London (rays an E iirlisb corresp indent of the S. M. Herald). She is on her way to Paris to buy her wcdilin? clothes, th» gossips say, but madam: is reticent upon the snhjpct. It is not seriously claimed, except in America, thnt sho is divorced. Her husband, who should bo woll inforino 1 upon the subject, says she is not, and not likely to be with his consent. American gossips soom to suggest that this is not necessary. It is someyoura now since Mr. Langtry contributed to his wife's support. She is a rich woman, and tho 'almighty dollar' is a stupendous power. Mrs. Langtry has a fine estate in California, where it is said on good authority she will rotiro within thn next few years, relinquishing tho stigo and society for a country life. Apart from the money she has made asau actress, sho has been fortunate iu her investments An inti mate friend of Mrs. Langtry tells mo that during the pist two years she has buen making elaborate notes with a view to writing her roiuinisconcos. At proiont her intention is to bo vory frank in what she will buvo to say, aud it is hinted that what sho may havo to reveal about court circlos will not bo very pleasant reading for certain ' Royalties.' I do not bolicf this. Mrd. Langtry is a very shrewd lady. Sho is not a groat nctress on the mimic stago, but she has shown much skill in her performances iu the real theatre of lifo. She is still a beautiful woman. Whon Mrs. Labouehoro quarrelled with her, and'gavo hor up,' the Lady of Popu's Vil'a thought Mrs, Langtry was lost ; but ' the Jersey Lily' bloomed and radiated success with nn iur.roasod power the moment Mrs. Labmchuro left her to hor own unaided artistic and social resources ; and to-day sho is n far more important person than her mentor. It was Mrs. Labouchcro who coached hor, and brought hor out as an actress, Mrs. Labouchore, by tho way, Ins taken to politics. Sho speaks effectively and woll, thoy say, in favour of Himo Uulo, and ia to be hoard on suburban platforms. Tub Voice op Si'iicxa.— Winter is con sidered to bo over, aud ' Spriug uiedicino ' is the order of tho day. To e'eanso your system from Intent impurities, to stimulate your livnr. 'ami to purify your blood, tako Mubin's Pills. Buy at Noble's Medical Hall, Huthvou-Btreet, Toowoomba, 81 Divisij service will bo cu.d'irted at tho usual hour, morning an! evening, nt St Stephen's Presbyterian Church j the Hev. ?las. Crookston, Minis'er. Mornimr subject. — 'The Deliverer of thu pior and needy.' Evening subject. — ' Unconscious decadence, of life.' The Debating Society hold its meeting in tho School of Arts on Thiimcluy, Mr. Ogilvie p-esiding over a small attendance. Mr. Warren resumed tho debute on the Upper Houso Electivo Bill, nnd wns followed by Mr. Sinclair, who moved an amendment advocating tho oiiliro abolition of tho L'gislalivo Council, I'ho discussion was continued by Messrs. Sheridan, Morrin, nnd Black, and concluded by Mr. Stone, the introducer of tho debate. On a vote being taken the' amendment was lost aid the hill carriod. It was decided to devo'cthe noxt meeting to impromptu debates. Oif Tlmrsdiy morning a resident of Bonlton Terrace informed us that the water had been turned off for throe rlnys, since Sunday nigh!. Aa we understand all th ivc residing further down the hill, towards the town, hate had no such reason to complain, we cannot account for this, or why Buulton Terrace should bo left without its usual supply of water. There surely must ba some reason for this which requires explanation from the Municipal Counei1, as great inconvenience Ins beon caused to the residents of that locality from not having their supply of water as usual. Wb had a visit fron Mr. Daley from Rosalie Plains. The drought has been terribly severe iu that locality. Mr. Daloy has lost ovor 2200 ihoep in Ics3 than two years, lust yonr by wet and this year by dmiwht nnd starvation. All round tho district the settlers have suffered very severely. The water, which is the supply of tho settlers, ' Myall Creek' is nearly dry. Unless rain comes to fill the water courses this supply will bo complotoly exhausted within three weeks; and over a distance of twenty miles there is no other water to bo got. Sovoral of the solecioi's have to cart all the water fur their stock fivo or six miles. The shoep and cnttlo have got so weak they are umiblo to go to tho water. Tub Annual Revision Court for tho various electoral lists of Auhigny, within tho police district of Tonwoombn, was held on Wednesday beforo H. V. King and J. Banr, Esq's JJ.P. There wero three names removed from the roll through death, and onn name was transferred from Aubigny to tho Drayton and Toowoomba roll Tho names registered in October laat were passod as a supplementary list. Tho Annual Revision Court of tho Cumbnnva rolls nt un Thursday- The magistrates being T. West and W. Brockloliank, Emj's JJ.P. The list of names registered in October lust were passed na a supplementary annual list. In going over tho roll 3 names wen; struck off. ns dead, 2 for having loft the (lis'.rict, one as disqualified, und one was transferred to another list. Tuts afternoon a match will be commenced between the Toowoomba nnd the West End Cricket Club? on the Cricket Reserve. This will bo tho first inccling of two town clubs this season, and us the West En.lors have boon considerably strengthened by tho infusion of new blood au interesting contest nay bo anticipated The following nre the plaiers: — Toowoomba: Messrs. ICenuard, Cunliffo, K. Marwedel, F. N. Robinson, P. Snoll, V. Thomas, H. E. M-irlow, G. J. Unyce, Brace, Oruno, and Sinclair. Emergencies, II. A. Boys and A. Marlay West End : Mossrs. F. Groom, J Tolmic, C. Foray th, C. Campbell, J. M. Hutchcon, 13. Woolton, Parnaeott, l)o:ld, Sheridan, W. Gilbert, and Partridge. Emer soucios, S. C. W. Robinson, J. Campbell, C Boland, and It. Bain. A putut attended meeting of the Committee of the I) D. Rifle Club was held iu Lambs' rooms on Wednesday night. A protest from Messrs. G. Black and \V. Rimsbothain against Mr. Stirling's scores being allowed in the Merchants' Matches, was considered, a-id the scoi-oj unanimously upheld. Thn manner of deciding tho tie for first place in the Members' and All-comers' Matches win referred to the Council of the Queensland Rillo Association. Accounts in connection with the recent prize meeting mnoimtiir,' to ovor £10 wore passed for payment. A sub-committee win appointed to chock nil scores before the distribution of prizes fixed for Monday nicrlit at the drill shod. Wi! mi ler.staml tint the prize of tho lute rillo matches, nu 15. P. Butter-coolo-, was won by Mr. James Stirling with an aggregate scorn of 4'j out of n passible 50, at the 300 and 500 yards ranges. We have received from the Government Printor tho progress report of the select committee appointed to cxauiino tho various Sandstone quarries in tlio southern district of the colony. Tne examination lias been con fined to quarries which h ivo been worked and there if much valuable information given by practical and scientific mon. Tho quarry of which the most favourable opinion is givem in in the llelidon diitrict is Mr. Pearson's brown Stone quarry. The stone there is reported to bo in great quantity nnd very durable, but tho Colonial Architect reports that its want of uniformity is greatly against it. Tho same remark applies to tho quarry in Kettles paddock in charge of Mr. Hunt. Tho stone appears to ba blotchy, and in tho evidence of lion A. C. Greeory durable s;one, but not li: for any finished work. If this is tho stons, and wo believe it is wiih which tho front of thn Royal Bank horo is built, we consider it is about tho best fltone we have soon in the colony, JiVo may refer to this report and moro fully discuss the information it contains as tho matter is of considerable importance. Tjtk election of officers for the next succeed ing term of nliicc, in connection with the ToowoainVa Working Men's Club, caused a somewhat unusual stir iu tho general quiet precincts of the Club Room in Bull- street, last Wednesday evening. Within the club room while the members wero assembling, ami before tho business of the evening actually began tha sc»nc was of the inott animated description, and knots of eager conversationist! gatherod iu all directions, and while they wero soverally engaged in discussing the chances of the numerous candidates, c impelled nu observer to remember tint tho same influontcs woro hero nt work on a small scale, which on a larger give so much interoit to the details of an actually important election. The usual preliminaries of roading'tind confirmation of tlio minutes of tho previous meeting having been deposed of, tho work of tho election win entered upon, and when after a considerable delay in each case arising from tho number of nominations, the names of the successful candidates were severally announced. Thn ringing cheers which followed prove tho general satisfaction which had been realised, and furnished evidence of the sinccio interest taken by tho members in the working of the institution. Tho result of such elections wns as follows: — Prcaidont Mr. G. Lillcy, Vico Presidont Mr. T Hntnhtnson, Treasurer, Mr. V. Kipinan. Financial and Corresponding Secretary, Mr. II. Symcs, Recording Secretary Mr. A. Scott, Committee Messrs J. M. Soarle, D. Black, T. Co -mie, and J. lunch. Work iug out tuch result occupied the meeting to nn oxtromely late|liour, before termination howover tho Chairman stited it was his pleasant duty to acknowledge tho receipt of donations of books from Mossrs G. & J. Black, Mr. Warner, Mr. G. Searlo, and Mr. Elliot. A vote of of thanks carriod by acclamation greeted tho announcement. The Chairman also informer! \- he mombors that the Concert Committeo had prepared and published an excellent programme for tho ciiterttunmont advertised in tho local papors, to bo held in tho Royal Assembly Rooms, on tho night of Wednesday, tlio 21st iiMtiinr, iu celebration of tho annivorstry of the club's foundation. On tho wholo the practical and goad humoured way in which the inoinbers of the Worlciug Men's Club seem to inanaga thoir buiinesi might' servo ns a vory profit ibl»' exam plo to many moro pre tentious institutions throughout tho coluny generally, 