THE ARGONAUTS OF NORTH LIBERTY. ^Tji'.B.'Minysw.TiKETtTT'T).] [-'i- W Kl HflT V\ ' PTrT *' m BY BRET HARTE. Author of ' The Luck o£ Roaring Camp,' ' In the Carquinez Woods,' &c.; &c; Chapter VIIL (Continued) Following out an ingenious idea of his own, Ezekiel called the next day on the Demorests, and in some occult fashion obtained an invita tion to stay under their hospitable roof during his sojourn in Buenaventura. Perfectly aware tnat be owed tnis courtesy more to Joan nan her husband, it is probable that his grim enjoy ment was not diminished by the fact ; while Joan, for reasons of her own, preferred the constraint wnich the presence of another visitor put upon Demorest's uxoriousness. Of late, too, there were times when Doiia Rosita's naive intelligence, which waa not unlike the embarrassing perceptions of a bright and half spoiled child, was in her way, and she would willingly have shared, the young lady's company with her husbaud had Demores t shown any sympathy for the girl. It was in the faint hope that Ezekiel might in some way beguile Rosita's wandering attention that she had invited him. The only difficulty lay in his uncouthnesE, an ?! in presenting to the heiress of the Pico's a man who had been formerly her oto servant. Had she attempted to conceal that fact she was satisfied that Ezekiel's independence and natural predilec inevitably revealeJ it. She had even gone so far as to consider the prupriety of inves:ing him with a poor relationship to her family, n-hen Doiia Rosita herself happily stopped all fnither trouble. On her very first introduc tion to him, that charming young lady at once accepted him as a lunatic whose brains were turned by occult, scientific, and medical study ! Ah ! she, Rosita, had heard of encb ca-es before. Had not a paternal ancestor of hers, one Don Diegj Castro believed hu had dis covered the elixir of yonth. Had he not to that end refused even to wash him the band, to cut hi') the nail of the finger and the hair of the head ! Exalted by that discovery, to all humanity, especially to the weaker sex ? Even as the Senor Corwin ! Far from being offended at this ingenious interpretation of his character, Ezekiel ex hibited a dry gratification over it, and. even conceived an unwholesome admiration of the fair critic ; he haunted her presence and pre occupied her society far beyond Joan's moit sanguine expectations. Heeatinopea-mouthed enjoyment of her at the table, he waylaid her in the garden, he attempted to teach her English. Dona Rosita received these extra ordinary advances in a no less extraordinary manner. In the scant masculine atmosphere of the house and the somewhat rigid New England reserve that still pervaded it, perhaps Bhe languished a little, and was not averse to a slight flirtation even with a madman. Besides, she assumed the attitude of exercising a wholesome restraint over him. ' If we are not fonnd dead in our bed one morning, and extracted of our blood for & cordial you shall thank to me for it,' she said to Joan. ' Also for the not empoisoning of the coffee ?' So Bhe permitted him to carry a chair or hammock for her into the garden* to fetch the various articles which she was continually losing, and which he found with his usual penetration ; and to supply her with inform ation, in which, however, he exercised an un wonted caution. On the other hand, certain the quality of a voluble child she occasionally imparted to this ' madman ' in return, were in the propartion of three to one. It had been a hot day, and even the usual sunset breeze had failed that evening to nek the tops of the outlying pine trees or cool the heated tiles of the Pueblo roofs. There was a hnsh and latent expectancy in the air that re acted upon the people with feverish unrest and nnpwinpffit i even a lull in the faintly whiapering garden around the Demoresfs can had affected the spirits of its ininiilim, ?-*m^TTtg them to wander about in vague restlessness. Joan had disappeared; Dona Bosifa, nnder an olive tree in one of the deserted paths, and attended bythe faithful Ezekiel, had said it wm *' earthquake weather,' and recalled, wxtii a sum of the cross, a certain dreadful day of her childhood, when et temblor had shaken down one of the Mission towers. ' Yon chall eee it now, as he have left it, so it has remain, always,' she added witii snperBtitjims-graTity. 'That's jnst the lazy shiftlessness of your folks,' responded Ezektel with prompt tra gallantry. ?? It ain't no wonder the Lord Almighty hez to stir yon up cow and than to keep you gain.' Dona Bosita gazed at him with simple -*hilflinh pity. ** Poor 'r»' ; it have cmwt yon also in the head, this weather. So I It was even so with the undo of my father. Huah op yourself, and bring to me the box of chocolates of my table. I will gif to yon one. You shall for one time have «imrthhig pleasant on the end of your tongue, even if you must swallow him after.' Ezekiel grinned. 'Ye aint afraid o1 bfin' left alone with the ghost that haunts too garden, Miss Roeita?' ' After you— never-r-r.' ' HI find Mrs. Demorest and send her to ye,' said Ezekiel, hesitatingly. 'Eh, to attract here the ghost? Thank you, no, very mooch.' Ezekiel'e face contracted until nothing bat bis bngbt peering grey eyes could to seen. ' Attract the ghost V* he echoed. ' Then yon kalkHate that its ? ' he stopped, jpi'»n*tr ingly. ttosita brought her f&n; sharply over his knuckles, and immediately opened it -again over her half embarrassed face. 'I coroprekond not anything *' to ekalkalate.' Will yon go, Don Fantastico ; or is it for me to bring to Ezekiel flew. He quickly fonnd the chocolates and returned, but was disconoerted on arriving under the olive tree to find Dona Bosita no longer in the hammock. He tamed into a bye- path, where an extraordinary arenmstance attracted his attention. The air was perfectly still, bnt the leaves of a manzojitino. bush near the inis-shapen ^Tf^tBW were slightly agitated. Presently Ezekiel saw the stealthy figure of a man emerge rom behind it and approach the cactus. Reaching his hand cautiously towards -the plant, the stranger detached something from one of its thorns, and instantly disappeared. The quick eyes of Ezekiel had seen that it was a letter, his unerring perceptaua of faces recognised at the same moment thai the intruder was none other than the handsome, reckless-looking man he had seen the other day in conference with Mateo. But Ezekiel was not the only witness of this strange intrusion. A few. paces from him, Doiia Rosita, unconscious of his return, was gazing in a half frightened, breathless absorp tion in the direction of the stranger's flight. ' Wa'al 1' drawled Ezekiel lazily. She started and turned towards him. Her face was pale and alarmed, and yet to the critical eye of Ezekiel it seemed to wear an expression of gratified relief. She laughed faintly. *' Ef that's the kind o' ghost you hev about yer, it's a healthy one,' drawled EeekieL He turned and fixed his keen eyes on Ko⁢&'s face, ' 1 wonder what kind o' fruit grows on the cactus that he's so fond of ?' Either she bad not seen the abstraction of the letter, or her acting was perfect, for the returned his lo?k unwaveringly. ' The fruit, eh? I have not comprehend.' 'Wa'al, I reckon I will,' Bald Ezekiel. He walked towards the cactus; there was nothing to he seen but its thorny spikes, He was confronted, howevcr.by the sudden appar ition of Joan from behind the manzautwa at its side. She looked up and glan=ed from Ezekiel to Don* Risita with an agitated air. ' Oh, you saw him too?' she said eagerly. 'I reckon,' answered Ezekiel, with his eyea still od Bosita. ' I waa wondering what on tilth he ni so taken with that air cactus °Ro-rita had become slightly role again in the presence of her friend. Joan quietly poshed Kzekiel aside and put her arm around her. 'Aieyou frightened again V she asked, in a low whisper. 'Not mooch,' returned Kosita, without lifrincr her eyes. 'It was only some peon, trespassing to pick blossoms for his Bweetbeart,' she said signifi cantly, with aglance towards Ezekiel, ' let as She passed her hand through Bosita's passive arm and led her towards the house, EeSriel's penetrating eyes stall following Rosita with an expression of j-raiined doubt For once however, that astute observer was wrong. When Mrs. Demorest had reached the house she slipped into her own room, and, bolting the door, drew from her bosom a letter which the had picked from the cactus thorn, and read it with a flashed face and eager ^It may have been the effect of thepnenomenal weather, bat the next day a malign influence seemed to pervade the Demorest household. Dona Mosita was confined to her room by an attack of languid nerves, superinduced, as she was still voluble enough to declare, by the narcotic effect of some unknown herb which the lunatic Eiekiel had no doubt mysteriously administered to her with a new of experi menting on its properties. She even avowed that she must speedily retnrn to Los Osos, before Ezekiel should farther compromise her reputation by putting her on a coloured label in place of the usual Celestial Di-tributor of the Panacea. Ezekiel himself, who had been singularly abstracted and reticent, and had absolutely foregone one or two opportunities of disagreeable criticism, had gone to the pntHa early that morning. The house was comparatively silent ana aeserteu »ueu up morest walked into his wife's boudoir. It was a pretty room, looking upon the garden, furnished with a singular mingling of her own inherited formal taste and the more sensuous colouring and abandon of her new life. There were a great many rugs and hTTigin^a scattered in disorder aroond the room, and apparently purposeless, except for colour ; there was a bamboo lounge as large as a divan, with two or three cushions disposed on it, and a low chair that seemed the incarnation of indolence. Opposed to this, on the trail, was the rigid picture of her grandfather, who had apparently retired with nil volume farther into the canvas before the spectacle of this ungodly opulence ; a large Bible on a funereal trestle-like stand, and the primmest and barest of writing tables, before which she was standing as at a sacrificial altar. With an almost mechanical movement she closed her portfolio as her husband entered, and also shut the lid of a small box with a Blight snap. This suggested exclusion of him from her previous occupation, whatever it might have been, caused a faint shadow of pain to pass across his loving eyes. He cast a glance at his wife as if mutely asking her to sit beside him, but she drew a chair to the table, and with her elbow resting on the box, ' I don't mean to disturb you darling,' he said, gently, ' but as we were alone, I thought we might have one of oar old-fashioned talks, and—' 'Don't let it be so old-fashioned as to include North liberty again,' she interrupted, wearily. 'We've had quite enough of that since I returned.' 'I thought you found fault with me then for forgetting the past. But let that pass, dear ; it is not our affairs I wanted to talk to you about now,' he said, stifling a sigh, ' It's about your friend. Please don't misnnder stand what I am going to say ; nor that I interpose except from necessity.' She turned her dark brown eyes in his direction, but ber glance passed abstractedly over his head into the garden. ' If I a matter perfectly well- known to me — and, I fear, to all our servants also — that somebody is *'«IHntr clandestine visits to our garden. I would not trouble you before, until I ascertained the object of these visits. It is quite plain to me now that Dona Rosita is that object, and that communications are secretly carried on between her and some un known stranger. He has been here onceor twice before ; he was here again yesterday. Ezekie! saw him and saw her.' ' Together?' asked Mrs. Demorest, sharply. 'No; but it was evident that there was cation passed between them.' 'Well?' said Mrs. Demorest, with re pressed impatience. 'It is equally evident, Joan, tbat this rtrsJiger is a man who does not dare to approach your friend in her own house, nor more openly in this ; bat who, with her con nivance, uses ob to carry on an intrigue which may be perfectly innocent, bat is certainly fflmpmm ' ' Hg to ?If concerned. J -lTn quite willing to believe th&t; Dona B-osita is only romantic and reckless, but that will not prevent her from becoming a dnpe of some rascal who dare not face us openly, and who certainly does not act as her equaL' ' Well, Rosita is no chicken, and you are not her guardian. ' There was a vague heartlessness, more in her voice than in her words, that touched him as her cold indifference to himself had never spirit to revolt. ' Xo,' he said, sternly, ' bat I am her father's friend, and I shall not allow his daughter to be compromised under my roof.' Her eyes sprang up to meet his in Wat red as promptly as they had once met in love. *' And since when, Kichard Demoreit, have yoo become bo particular ?' she began, with dry asperity 'Since you In red mt from the side I of my wedded hnsbind 1 Since you met mt clandestinely in trains and made love to me. tinder an assumed name f Since you followed me to my house under the pretext of bein^ my husband's friend, and forced me — yes, forced me— to see yon secretly under my mother's roof? Did you think of compromising me ' then ? Did you think of ruining my reputation, of driving my husband from his home in despair ? Did yon call yourself a rascal then ? Did ? ' ' Stop 1' he said, in a voice that shook the rafters ; ' 1 command you, stop !' She had gradually worked herself from a deliberately insulting precision into a. hysteri cal, and it is to be feared a virtuous, convic tion of her wrongs. Beginning only with the instinct to taunt and wound the man before her. she had beep led by a secret conscious ness of something eke he did not know to anticipate his reproach and justify herself in & wild feminine ftbaadonnaent of emotion. Bat she stopped at his words. For a. moment Bhe was even thrilled again by the strength and imperionsness Bhe had loved. They were facing each other after five years of Tnitrt*kpn passion, even us they h'-^ faced each other that night in her mother's kitchen. Bnt th£ grave of that dead passion yawned between them. It was Joan who broke the silence, that after her single outburst seemed to nil and oppress the room. 'As far as Rosita is concerned,' she said, with affected calmness, *' she is going to-night And you probably will not be troubled any longer by your mysterious visitor.1' Whether he heeded the sarcastic signifi cance of her last sentence, or even heard her at all, he did not reply. For a moment he tamed his blazing eyes fall upon her, and then withont a word strode from the room. She walked to the door and stood uneasily listening in the passage until she heard the clatter of hoofs in the paved patio, and knew that he had ordered his horse. Then ehe turned back relieved to her room. It was already sunset when Demorest drew rein ftga.it- at the entrance of the corral, and the latt stroke of the Angelas was ringing from the mission tower. He looked haggard and exhausted, and his horse was necked with foam and dirt. Wherever he had been, or for what object, or whether objectless and dazed, be bad simply sought to lose himself in aim lessly wandering over the dry yellow* hills or in careering furiously among his own wild cattle on the arid brittle plain ; whether he had beaten all thought from his brain with the jarring leap of his horse, or whether he had pursued some vague and elusive determination to bis own door, is not essential to thiB brief chronicle. Enough t-h^t when he dismounted he drew a pistol from his holster and replaced it in his pocket. He had just poshed open the gate of the corral as he led in his horse by the bridle, when he noticed another horse tethered among some cotton woods than shaded the outer wall of his garden. As he gazed, the figure of a man swung lightly from one of the upper boughs of a cotton wood upon the wall, and disappeared on the other side. It was evidently the clandestine visitor. Demorest was in no mood for trifling. Hurriedly driv ing his horse into the enclosure with a sharp cut of his riata. he closed the gate upon him, slipped past the intervening space into the patio and Ihen unnoticed into the upper part of the garden. Taking a narrow byepath in the direction of the cotton voods that could be seen above the wall, he presently came in sight of the object of his search, moving stealthily towards the house. It was the work of a moment only to dash forward and seize him, to find himself engaged in a sharp wrestle, to half draw his pistol as he struggled with his captive in the open, But once in the clearer light he started, his grasp of the stranger relaxed, and he fell back in be wildered terror. '- Edward Bland ford ! Good God !' The pistol had dropped from bis hand as he leant breathless aeiinet a tree. The etrancer kicked the weapon contemptuously aside. Then quietly adjusting his disordered dress, and picking the brambles from his sleeve, he said with the same air of disdain, ** Yes ! Edward hlandford, whom you thought dead ! There ! I'm not a ghost— though yon tried to mike me one this lime sure,' he B&id;, point - ing to the pistoL Demorest passed his hand across his white face, ''Then it's you — and you have come ' For Joao !' echoed BUndford, with a quick scornful laugh, that made tie blood flow back into Demore&t;'s face as from a blow, and recalled his scattered senses. ' For Joan,' he repeiUd, ' Not much I' The two men were facing each other in irreconcilable yet confused antagonism. Both were still excited and combative from their late physical struggle, but with feelings so widely different that it would have been impossible for either to have comprehended the other. In the figure that hid apparently risen from the dead to coufort him. Demorest only sa*1 t'.e man he hid unconsciously wronged — the man who had it in his power to claim Joan and exact a terrible retribution j But it was part of this mon-.trous and irre concilable situation that Blandford had ceased to contemplate it, and iu his preoccupation only saw the actual ititerfereiice of a man whom he no longer hated, but had begun to pity and despise. He glanced coolly around him. ' Whatever we've got to say to each other,' he said deliberately, ' had better not be overheard. At least what / have got to say to you.' Demorest, now as Eelf-possessed at bis adversary haughtily waved his hands towards the path* They \ralked an. in silence, with out even looking at each other, until they reached a small summer-hoose that stood in the angle of the wall. Demorest entered. ' We cannot be heard here.' he said cnrtlv 11 And vce can see v. hat is going on. Good ' said Blaa-iford, coolly following him. The BI.uidford seated himself on the bench. De morest remained standing beside the table. There was a. moments Bik-ncc. ' I came here v.ith no desire to Bee you or avoid you,' said )!!andford with cold indiffer ence. 'A few week ago I might perhaps have avoided you, for your own sake. But since then I have learned that among the many things I owe to-to your ^.JL^I f act tiat five years ago she secretly divoraa me, and that consequently my living P'**' could neither be a danger or a menace to you. I see,' he added dryly, with a quick ld»?«** Demorest s horror-stricken face, 'that I wm also told the truth when they said you were as ignorant of the divorce as 1 wai. He stopped, half insurpnseat hi» ad rcraary s shame halt in surprise of his own power. Five years before, in the tumultuous conscious ness of his wrongs, he would have scarcely trusted himself face to face with the cooler and more self-controlled Demorest. He won dered at, and partly admiied his own coolness now, in the presence of his enemy s con ' As vour mind is at rest on that point,' be continued sarcastically, ' I don't suppose yon care to know what became of m when I lett North Liberty. Bnt as it happens to have something to do with my being here to-mghtj and is part of my business with you, you'll have to listen to it Sit down ! Verj well, then— stand up ! It's your own house.' His half cynical, wholly contemptuous ignoring of the real issue between them, was more crushing to Demorest than the keenesj reproach or most tragic outburst. He did not lift bis eyes as Blandford resumed in a dry business-like way : ' When I came across the plains to Cali fornia, I fell in with a man about my own age — an emigrant also. I suppose I looked and acted like a ? fool through all the journey, for he satisfied himicll that I had some secret reason for leaving the States, and smmected tbat I was like himself— a criminal. 1 after wards learned that he was an escaped thief and »wtt«ariTi. Well, be played upon me all the way here, for I didn't care to reveal my trouble to him, lest it should get back to North Liberty ? ' be interrupted himself with a s.rcaatic laugh— 'of course, you understand that all this while Joan was get ting ber divorce unknown to me, tnd yon were marrying her — bnt as / didn't know any thing about it I let him compromise me to save her. But ? ' he stoDDed. his eye kindled. and, losing bis eelf-coatrol in what to Demo rest seemed some incoherent passion, went on excitedly ; ** That *'«' continued his persecu tion here—ya, here, in this very house, wheie I was a trusted and honoured guest, and threatened to expose me to— to a pare, umo* ' cent, simple girl who had taken pity on me— unless I helped nun in a conspiracy of cattle stealers and road agents, of which he was chief. I was such a cursed sentimental fool then, that, believing him capable of exposing me, beleving myself Btill the husband of that woman, your wife, and to spare that innocent girl the shame of me, I purchased his silence by consenting. May God curse me for it.' He bad started to his feet with fitsbing eyes, and the indication of an overmastering passion that to Demorest, absorbed only in the etupifying revelation of his wife's divorce and the horrible doubt it implied, seemed utterly vacant and unmeaning. He had often dreamed of Blandford as standing before him, reproachful, indignant, and even desperate over his wife's nnFgtthfninpoB - but this implacable fury over some trivial wrong done to this plump, baby -faced, flirting Doni Rosita, crushed him by ics unconscions obliteration of Joan and himself more than the most violent denunciation. Dazed and bewildered, yet with the instinct of a helpless man, he dung only to thut part of Bandford's story which indicated that he had come there for Kosita, and not to generate him from Joan, and even turned to his former friend with a hall- embarrassed gesture of apology as he stammered — *' Then it was you who have bten here to see her. Fonrive me. Ned — if T had nnlv known it.' He stopped and timidly extended his hand. But Blandford put it aside with a cold gesture and folded his arms. ' You have forgotten all you ever knew of me, Demorest ? / am not in the habit of mak ing '?lMidpft'''' appointments with helpless women, whose natural prospectors I dare not face. I have never pursued an innocent girl to the house J dared not-enter. When I found that I could not hononrauly retain Dona Roita's affection, I Bed her roof; when I believed than evm if I broke with this scoundrel— as I did— I was still legally if not morally tied to your wife, and could not marry Rosita, I left her never to return. And I tore my heart out to do it.' The tears were standing in his eyes. De morest regarded him again with vacant wonder. Tears ! — not for Joan's unfaithful ness to him — but for this silly girl's transitory sentimentalism. It was horrible ? And yet what was Joan to him now ? Why shonld he weep for the woman who had never loved him — whom he loi'ed no longer ! The woman who had deceived him— who had deceived them both ! Yes ! for Joan must have suspecteJ that Blandford was living to have sought her secret divorce— and yet Bhe had never told him — him — the man for whom she got it. Ah 1 he must not forget thot / It was to marry him tbat she had taken that step. It was perhaps a foolish caution ? a mistaken reservation ; but it was the folly ? the mistake of a loving woman. He hugged this belief the closer, albeit he was conscious, at the same time, of following Blandford's story of his alienated affection with a feeling of wonder and envy. ' And what was the result of this touching sacrifice ? ' coatinacd Blandford, trying to resume bis former cynical indifference. ?' I'tl tell you. This sooandrel set himself about to supplant me. Taking advantage of my absence, his knowledge that her affection for me was heightened by the mystery of my life, and trusting to profit uy a pe.eonal resem blance he is (.aid to boar to me, he began to hannt her. Lately he Las growu IWder, and he ared even to conimuni^jite witli Ler he e For it is be,' he c*ntiii,i--ri, again givin.. way to his passion, ' thi,: dog, tiii-3 sc°akinl' coward, who visits tht ,.la ?.- ui:tj..,wn to vou - and thinks to entrap the poor girl throueh ter memory of me. And it is he that I came here to prevent, to expose— if necessary to kni! Dont misunderstand me. I have nude myself a deputy of the law for that pwpoae. I've a warrant in my pocket, and I shall take him, this mongrel, half- breed Cherokee Bob, by fair means or foul i' The energy and presence of his passion was so infectious that it momentarily swept away Demorest's doubts of the pa«t. ' And I wiU help you, before God, Blandford,' be said eagerly. 'And Joan shall too. She will find out from Kosita how far ? ' 'Thank you,' interrupted Blandford, drily ; ' but your wife has already interfered in this matter, to my cost It is to her, I believe, I owe this wretch's following x osita here. She already knovre this man— has met him twice in San Francisco ; be even boasti of your jealousy. You know beat how far he But Demorest had braced himself against the chill sensation that had begun to creep over him as Blandlord spoke. He served himself and Baid, proudly, 'I forbaie her knowing him on account of his reputation solely. I have no reason to believe she has ever even wished to disobey me.' A smile of scorn Oat had kindled in Bland ford's eyes, darkened with a swift shadow of compassion as he glanced at Demorest*D bard, ashen face. He held out his band with a Eudden impulse, 'Enough, I accept your offer, and shall pot it to the test this very night I know— it yoo do not, that Kosita is to leave here for Los Osos an hour from now in a private carriage, which your wife has ordered especially for her. Toe same information tells me that this villain, and another of his gang, will be in wait for the carriage three miles out of the Pueblo to attack it and carry off the young girL ' '* Are you mad !' said Demorest, in un feigned amazement 'Do you believe them capable of nthirlring a private carriage and carrying off a solitary defenceless woman. Come, Blandford, this is a school-girl romance least of all Cherokee Bob and bis gang. This is some madness of BositaV, surely,' he continued with a forced laugh* 41 Does this mean that you ^-hi*-l* better of your promise ?' asked Blandford drily. ' I said I was at your service.' raid De morest reproachfully. ' Tnen near my plan to prevent it, and yet take that dog in the act,' said Blandford. 'But we must first wait here till the last moment to ascertain if he makea any signal to show that his plan is altered, or that be has discovered he is w&tcbed.;' He turned, and in bis preoccupation laid Vub band for an instant upon Demorest's shoulder with the absent familiarity of old days. Unconscious as the action was, it thrilled th.m both— (ram its vei~y qifft'rtn^jpnHnHin ntid impelled ^***' to throw themselves into the new alliance with such feverish and excited activity in order to preclude any dangerous alien reflection, that when they rose a few moments later and cautiously left the garden arm-and'-arm through the outer gates, no one would have believed they hod ever been estranged, leist of all the clever woman who had aj»p~''~fr-i1 them. It was nearly nine o'clock wheu the two friends, accompanied by the Sherift of the County, left Saxt Bcnuaventara turnpike and turned into a thicket of aiders to await the coming of the carriage they were to hence forth follow cautiously and -i-«u-«»-^ in a parallel trail to the main road. The moon had risen, and with it the long withheld wind that now swept over the distant stretch of gleaming road and partly veiled it at times with flying dust unchecked by any dew from the clear cold sky. Demorest shivered even with his ready hand on his revolver. Suddenly the Sheriff ntteird an axrJumlinn of disgust ' Blasted if thar ain't some one in the road between us and their ambush.' ' It's one of then- gang— scouting. lie ' Scout be darned. Look at him bucking round there in the dust Mb cant even ride ! It's some blasted greenhorn taking a paeear on a hoss for first time. Damnation ! he's ruined everything. They'll take the alarm,' 'I'll pnsh on and clear him oat,' eaid Blandford, excitedly. ' Even if they're off, I may yet get a shot at the Cherokee.' 'Quick, then,' said Demorest, 'for here comes the carriage.' He pointed to a dark spot on the road occasion&ly; emerging from the driven dust clouds. In another moment Blaudford was at the heels of the awkward horseman, who wheeled clumsily at his approach, and revealed the lank figure of Ezekiel Corwin ! ' You here !' said Blandford, in stupefied fory. '? IVa'aL yes, Squire,' said Ezekiel lazily, in spite of his uneasy seat ' I kalkilated ef there way snthin1 going on, I'd like to see it' ?' lou cursed prying fooL You've spoiled aLL There !' he shouted despairing, as the quick clatter of hoofs rang from the arrouo behind them, ' there they go ! That's yours work, blockhead ! Out of my way, or by God ? ' but the sentence was left unfinished, as joined by the Sheriff, who had galloped up at the sound of the robber's flight, he darted past -inconcerned Ezekiel. Demorest would bai-e followed, bnt Blandford, with a warning cry to him to remain and protect the carriage, halted him at the side of Corwin as the vehicle now rapidly approached. But Kzekiel 'is before him even then, and as the driver pulled up, that enquiring man tumbled from bis horse, tan to the do.-r and opened it. Demirat rode up, glanced into the carriage, aad fell back in blank amaze It was his wife who was bitting there alone, pale, e;Mt, and beautiful. By some illusion of the moonlight, her face and figure, covered with soft, white wrapping for o. journey, looked as he rtm! nibercd her to have looked the first nii;bt he bid m.:t her iu the Boston tra n. The picture m completed by the travelling bag and rug that lay on the seat before her. Another deadly child -seized him ; bis brain reeled. Was he going mad ! 'Joan !' he etamered. ' Tout what is the meaning of this Ezekiel— wbom but for his dazed conditioD be might have seen veolently contorting hia features in Jean's face, presumably in equal astonishment— brokeinto a series of discordant chuckles. ' Wa'al, of that ain't Deacon Salisbury's darter all over. Ha t Here are ye two men folks makin' no end o' fuss to save that Mexi can gal with pistols and ambushes and plots and counter-plots, and yer'a Joan Salisbury shows ye the way ha'ow to do it. And bo, ma'am, yon succeeded in fixin' it np with Dona Rosita to take her place and just sell them robbers cheap ? Wa'al, ma'am, yer Bold this yer party, too — for ? ' he advanced his face close to hers—' I never let a word, thoogh I knew it, and although they nearly knocked me off my hoss in their fnss and fury. Hal Ha! They wanted to know what /was doin' here ! he ! he! Tell 'em, Joan, tell 'em.' DemoFest gazed from one to the other with a troubled face, yet one on which a faint relief was breaking. ' What does he mean, Joan ?' Speak,*' he said almost imploringly. Joan, whose colour was s ightly returning, drew herself np with her old cold Puritan precision. ' After the scene yon made this morning, Richard, when yon chose to accuse your wife of unfaithfulness to her friend, her guest, and even your reputation, I resolved to go myself with Dona Rosita to Los Osos and explain the matter to her father. Some rumour of the ridiculous farce I have just u it nes&ed; the poor girl no that ehe declined — and property , too — to face the hoax which yon and fugitive hare gotten up for purposes of your own ! I wieh yon joy of your work ! If the play is over now, I presnme I may be allowed to proceed on my jonrney ?' 'Not yet,'eaid Demorest, sliwly, with a face over which the ^h»wripg doubts had at last settled in a greyish pallor. ' Believe what you like, misunderstand me if yon will, laugh at the danger you perhaps comprehend better than I do, bnt upon this read, where ever or to whatever it may lead you— to-night you go no further ! ' 1 lien I suppose I may return home, ' she said, coldly. ** Ezekiel will accompany me back to protect me from — rollers. Come, EzekieL Mr. Demorest and his friends can be safely trusted to take care of — your horse.' And as the grinning Ezekiel sprang into the carriage beside her, she polled up the glass in the fateful and set face of her once trusting husband ; the carriage turned and drove off, leaving him like a statute in the road. The bell of the North liberty Second Presbyterian Church had just ceased ringing. Bat in the last five years it had rung out the baea viol and harmonium, and rung in an organ and choir ; and the old austere interior had been subjected at the hands of the rising generation to an invasion of youthful warmth and colour. Nowhere was this more apparent than in the choir itself, where the bright spring sunshine, piercing & newly -opened stained glass window, picked out the new spring bonnet of Mrs. Demorest, and settled upon it, during the singing of the hymn. Perhaps that was the reason why « few eyes were curiously directed in that direction, and that even, the minister himself strayed from the precise path of doctrine to allude with ecclesiastical vagueness to certain shining examples of the Christian virtues that were 'again in onr midst.1* The shrewd face and white eyelashes of Ezekiel Corwin, junior partner in the firm of Dilworth and Dusen bary, of San Francisco, were momentarily raised towards the choir, and then relapsed into an expression of fatigued self-righteous - ness. When the service was over a few worship pen lingered near the choir igturcase, miTifnl of the spring bonnet. 'It looks quite ndt* rai,' said Deacon Fairchild, 'ter eee Joan Salisbury attendin' the ministration of the Word agin. And I ain't eorry she dida't bring that second husband of her's with her. It kinder looks like old times— afore Edward BlandCord was gathered to the Lord.' *' That do eay ez ha'ow Domorest got more powerful worldly and noregenerate in that heathen country, and that Joan ez a professin' Christian, had to leave him. I've heerd tell tba,t he'd get mixed up, out thar, with some half-breed outlaw, of the name o' Johnson, ez hez a party, bigh-flyin* Mexican wife. It was forfeit fof Joan that she found a friend in grace in Brother Corwin to look after her share in the property and bring her back tn hum.' 'She's lookin' peart,' s&id; Sister Bradly, 'tho*, to my mind, that bonnet savors still o' heathen vanities,' ' Eta the new idees— crept in with that organ,' groanedDeaconFairchild, 'but — sho' — th&r; she cotnes. She shomc for an instant — a charming vision —out of the shadow of the choir stairs, and then glided primly into the street. The old sexton, still in waiting with his hand on the half closed door, paused and looked after her with a troubled brair. A singular and utterly incomprehensible rccollec. tion and resemblance had just crossed his mind Tub End. Why do you never tell a man to take a back. Beat? Because, if you do, he will be sure to take af-f rant. A small boy was briskly sweeping the leaves from the sidewalk in front of his home, when a benevolent-looking man who was passing stopped and nodded approvingly. 'Good boy, g-J3d bay,' lie said; 'helping bis mother and doing his duty like a man. You will be rewarded, my son, never fear.' '* You bet,' answered the small boy, hustling Another lot of leaves out of the way ; ' ten cents down and a nickel when the jub's doae. I ain't no trust and credit feller to encybodv rouud this bou*e, I kin tell you,' aud hi looked musingly at a stray »t that was sneaking acroei the atrcct, 