There was npfr better or oldei family iiL©oltelrire than the Deverela, but, the three thousand odd, acres which formed their pata^opv^had been there for four centuries, and as -far as connections Trere^c6nc6nied, there were few families $n Englatid which surpassed them. Socially they ranked with the greatest landowners in the county : the Blunts, the De'Oellars, and even the Euslaces had always received them as equals. The head of the family was Sir, Henry DevereL Aj more perfect man abH; gentleman it would be hard to conceive. Handsome in person, digni fied in manner,-honorable in behaviour, he was everything that the representa tive of an ancient race should be. His character, family, and age- secured to him throughout the county a respect and affectioh wbich many of higher rank and1 greater1 fortune might have enviedL * " • Sir Henry was a widower, but not childless. He had two sons. The elder was like himself in appearance and dispositiopj , a .good-looking' and latter delicate young fellow, .of high character and unimpeachable conduct. The younger was unlike him in every thing but looks. Handsome, with beaute du diable, he was a rake, gambler, and a drunkard. His con ducts-had done more to whiten his father's bead" than time. From the. hour be left hiome Charles had*i>een a sourceof trouble,. anxiety, andshame to Sir Henry. He was never oat of hot water. His. father, wbb tended him ■ with1 more than paternal affection, hadfor years borne with hii&^paid hisdebts,:arranged bis disputes, and shielded his misconduct. jMheahe WASHSashiered from his regi mentj'Sir Henry with« aorrowful heart wsloomed' him home. He tried his best to. reform the lad, to show him the fo%»f iiis. behaviqur, and .to awaken Mm ko some. sense of. bis duty, towards himself, his\ family, and bis country; but it was all in rain. Charles con tinued in bis profligate career, unin fluenced by the advice and pleadings of his .father. At last the cup became fall. What, the act was wbich finally determined, his father to disown him was never known. Some said that be hadforged Sir Henry's name, and very possibly, , that; was. the " truth. But whatever the crime was, it must have been -of* heinous description, for Sir Hemy 'bever mentioned it and never fo^aye 16.;: He < allowed the reprobate jiwo hundred a year, but only on con dition that be resided out of England. * i Sil, iHenry; though a very indulgent father, „ rwas not of a weak or unde termined character. He had -borne Charles's -misconduct for years, but when at last -he broke with him the breach was irreparable. John, the elder son, was of a softer and* more gentle disposition. He .grieved over the quarrel between his ' father and brother, and . Would have given much to see it arranged.- Ttiough Charles had,treated him in a very unbrotherly fashion, he willingly forgive him all hirmisdeeds, and tried to obtain for him forgiveness from Sir Henry, too. Bat it was useless. Sir Henry had madeiop his mind, and when he had done so.it was vain to attempt to influence him. Seeing this, Johnny did'whatwas in his power to make'his brother's lot less miserable. He kept up a correspondence with him, and often out of his own allowance supplied him with money to pay his debts. > Charles, when repudiated by his father, Went to Paris. There, following his > nature, he picked up with the very •worst part of tbe English colony. > IJroJcen-down gamblers, bankrupt stock brokers, and fugitive swindlers > formed the bulk of his acquaintance. They were a merry, reckless set, men ' > who fortune's J>offets and rewards had taken with equal thanks. They ate and > drank luxuriously as long as they had money; ~when they had none, as was > most often 'the case,- they lived on bread and water as contentedly as they > could. Charles Deverel, who shared their dis position; enjoyed their > companv. Charles's .principal chdm among them faa aperson who called himself Cap tain Danrook. Captain Dunrook's name was nof;>7ini the Army List—a fact whiclihe seemed to think underserving of explanation. How he lived nobody could exactly tell, bat it was shrewdly suspected that it was partly on his wits and partly on his friends. He played cards uncommonly well, and had a most fortunate tendency to tarn up aces. He played billiards "uncommonly "well, and had a'strong1 desire to put'money on the game. He imitated other peoples.writing uncommonly well; and it was said' thath'e had once* ci* twice got into trouble through the indiscreet exercise of this accomplishment.. This, however, Charles Deverel denied, and 80 it .was probably untrae, as Charles was admirably qualified to give an opinio^ jon questions pf forgety. One evening, about three years after hev-had . arrived in Paris, Charles Deverel was sitting in his shabby lodg ings in company with Captain Dunrook, wfai&f;^ Vle&Sr.-; was handed to him. Charles had been fpjr.some time in very low^ater; lie WH «ad a run'of bad luck at canls/"alid' he bad written to his brother for help. This letter was the reply: 1 It contained a cheque for forty pounds. After showing the draft to, the de lighted Dunrook—he and the Captain had a common parse—Charles pro ceeded to read bis brother's letter. When he bad finished it, he flang it down in an impatient way. 1 Who would have thought it/ he * said. ' The fool's going to'marry.' * Indeed!' said Captain Dunrook. 'Yesi hesayB that father has long been anxious he should. The old cock, you know, is implacable ; the estate's entailed, and if Johnny doesn't have children it %iU%6toe< to me; that's the reason he's so anxions Johnny should "vF'aee/ said Captain Dunrook. ' Vicious old black guard!' ' Right vbu are/ cordially assented Charles. < BuUhe funny thing is that the pious, virtuous, and respectable Johnny is going to marry a woman with a history. He says that the lady of his choice, though living under her maiden name, was married to a scoundrel who deserted her, and a ter wards got killed in a railway accident. Upon that happy event taking place the rejoicing widow, eager to forget ner lost lord, resumed her maiden name. -< Eh !' cried Captain Dunrook, witb great interest. 'You don't mean it? Does he mention the lady's^name ? 'Yes, Martha Greenlees.' ' Whew!' whistled Captain Dunrook. « Sere's a go !' < What's the matter?' asked Charles. * Why, only this—Martha Greenlees is my wife!' 'What! Don't talk bosh? Her husband was killed in. a railway acci dent.' , . < Reported killed,' said Captain Dunrook,, ' would have been more accurate. You see it happened this way. I was passing under the name of Charles Goodall when I met pretty little Martha Greenlees at Cheltenham. She was accompanied by a foolish old mother, who took a great fancy to me. Well, I liked little Martha, and IUked her little fortune, and so I married her. I never knew exactly whether she was willing or not; but ber stupid old mother was mad on the point, and so she had to give way.' ' Yoii don't mean it,' said Charles, m amazement. 'It's a fact, my boy. I married her, and spent her fortune—had doosed bad luck at the tables, and it lasted no tame —and then—well, then, I drew on a friend of mine without mentioning the circumstance to him, and—would you believe it?—the wretched creature, when he found it out, talked wildly about forgery, and sent a detective j after me I therefore resolved to pay a hurried visit to France. With my usual ill-luck, the train I took was j smashed in a collision. In my com partment there was only one other man, an American, who ingenuously confided to me that he. was very rich, and was going-for a month's burst in Paris. These railway collisions are funny things. When this one was over I found that I was only a little bit shaken up, while the American, I who bad been seated beside me, was - made into a sort of meat jelly. I was ] scrambling as well as I could out of the rnbbisb', when it occurred to me that in his present pulverised condition my American friend would not want the, money he had with him, so I appro-] priated it. Not wanting to be dis- j honesty ! put into his pocket as a quid pro quo mv pocket-book—there was nothing in it but my name and some letters I had with me. Then I left, and continued my journey to Paris. Well, when the papers came out I was surprised—very surprised—to find my name among those killed in the collision. I didn't contradict the statement— | natural modesty, you understand—but! settled down in Paris, and resumed my original name.' ' By George,' cried Charles, who had listened to the story with profound attention. 'And so you married Martha Greenlees?' ' Yes, I did ; and she wasn't a bad little woman either. What will you do? Tell your brother I'm still alive! and kicking?' 'Welti I don't know, answered Charles, thoughtfully. 'It strikes me j there's something in this that we might pull off if we're only sharp enough. I jet me think, now. Why shouldn't ] we let him marry, and then you levy blackmail on her? I fancy we might make something comfortable that way.' ' Rather mean behavior, don't you think? especially to your brother, who has been so kind to yon.' * Look here, Dick,' said Charles, im patiently ' you may be a parson in disguise, but please don't preachy to me. ['m at war with the world—with Johnny as well as the rest—and all's [air in love and war.' ' All right, Charley,' answered Cap bain Dunrook; 'do as you like. I'll not spoil your game. But, remember, HI not blackmail poor Martha j I've ione the poor little body evil enough ii ready.' ■ * How chicken-hearted you've grown! But we'll see.- However, whether pou'11 profit by the business or not ioesn't matter. I'm sure to do so. Let Johnny marry this grass-widow, ind live with her and die with her, and when be dies I'm in for the estate. Sou see the children won't be legiti mate, and so can't inherit, and I'm the lext heir.' Charles lay back for a moment in his chair and reflected. 'Yes, that's the job,' he said, ' Johnny's a sickly fellow; he can't live very long. If all goes well, I'll be owner of the Gregories inside of ten years.' 4 Gad, you're a credit to your family !' said Captain Danrook with a sneer. John Deverel duly married Martha Greenlees. On his wedding-tour he visited Paris, and, when there, he ferreted oat Charles, and asked him to dinner with him. Charles went and saw his brother's bride. He talked to her all the evening, bat, of coarse, never once hinted at what he knew about her past fie was very well satisfied with the way things were going; John was looking paler and more delicate than ever. * Can't live long,' Charles thought. ' Wouldn't be surprised if he were dead within a year.' Charles continued his dissipated life, and John continued sending. him assis tance from time to time. Captain Danrook remained the rake's <}hum, and together, as before, they shared a common purse. Though the gallant Captain had no private income, still his contributions to the treasury were pro bably at least equal to his companion's. By his skill at cards and billiards he managed, as a rule, to scrape up enough to cover his expenses. Fortune, no matter what skill may bask it, is proverbially fickle; and so it proved with the firm of Deverel and D-inrook. They both had a long run of bad luck at play. Deverel wrote to his brother, asking urgently for imme diate assistance, but, to his chagrin and disappointment, he received no reply. Dunrook tried again and again to re trieve his position, but only with the result o£ putting himself further and further into debt. Things bad come to a desperate pass, when Charles, who had long suggested the expedient, at length insisted per emptorily that his chum should write to Martha, and demand hush-mppey from her. Dunrook asked for a little time to consider the suggestion. Charles complied with the request. In matters of honesty, as of love, be knew that he who hesitateB is lost. Dunrook had just made op his mind to blackmail his late wife when Charles Deverel suddenly burst in upon him. He had that moment received a tele gram announcing the death of his brother, which had taken place a few days after vhe birth of a son and heir to the Deverel estates. When the couple had somewhat overcome their sudden surprise, Charles proposed to Dunrook that they should both immediately start for England, go straight to the Gregories, and confront the supposed widow of the late John Deverel. In Dunrook's presence she could not deny that her husband was still alive, and that the marriage with John Deverel wfis illegal and invalid. This acknow ledged, Charles would be the undis puted heir to the estates. They were valuable and unencumbered. The Jews would advance on them on post-obits to almost any amount. Captain Dunrook did not altogether like the business, but - Charles was peremptory and circumstances were pressing; so be reluctantly began his journey to England. When they reached the Gregories they found it'a house of mourning an** of sorrow. John had been dead only a. week, his body had just been placed in the village churchyard, and his old father and young widow were over whelmed with grief. But Charles was not appalled by the misery. He was one of those stony beings who neither fear nor feeL On their arrival, Charles sent up his name to his father and asked for an in terview. Sir Henry, chastened and softened by his great sorrow, consented to see his wayward and erring son. He felt in his heart the vanity and uselessness of all resentment, and a desire to forgive Charles for the wrongs he had done him and the shame he had brought upon an honored name. Charles entered the library where his father was, leaving his friend Captain Dunrook in the ball. His father, who looked very ill and greatly aged, rose to receive him as he entered, and held oat a trembling hand. Charles took it in a careless, nonchalant fashion. ' So Johnny's dead,' he said flip j pantly. His heartless tone startled Sir Henry, who did not reply for a moment. Then he said slowly, ' Yes, your brother is dead.' ' Wasn't a bit . surprised,' Charles went on. 'Last time I saw him be looked like a ghost. Thought it wouldn't be long before he shuffled off this mortal coil' Sir Henry's eyes flashed with rage as he heard these sneering words. 'Charles,' he said, sternly, 'I saw yon with the intention of forgiving you for all yon have done to injure me, and for what I have (God help me) much more trouble in forgiving, all you have done to disgrace my name; but you [ have rained your last chance. The heartless manner in which you speak of your dead brother, who always loved and helped you, revolts me. Leave this house this moment, and never again put your foot across its threshold.' 'Not so quick, old boy,' replied Charles, calmly. 'You don't know, perhaps, that I have as much interest in this house as you have 1 I'm next in the entail.' | Sir Henry looked at Charles in sur prise. 'Are you aware,' lie asked, that Johnny left a son behind ¥ ' Yes, I am, of coarse but the brat's not legitimate.' As these words were uttered the door opened, and Mrs. John Deverel entered. She beard what Charles said, and turned ghastly pale. Sir Henry noticed this, and hurrying to her, helped ber, half-fainting, to a seat. Then, coming close to Charles, and raising his clenched fist to his face be hissed out: " You coward and liar ! Are you come here to insult the weak and suffering ? Go this instant, or I will do yoa some fearful injury !' 'Not so quick again, I tell you,' replied Charles, as calmly as ever. ' I'm neither a coward nor a liar, as I'll show you.' And he stepped to the door. 1 Dick,' he called out, ' come here.' With downcast looks Captain Dun rook entered the library. At the sight of him, Mrs. John Deverel rose to ber feet, with a shriek. Sir Henry gazed i from ber to the Captain in agony and I alarm. ' You see the effect of this gentle man,' said Charles, with a sneer, ' upon this so-called widow. She's not quite a widow yet. She has only lost one of ber husbands.' "With an agonised cry Mrs. John Deverel turned and rushed out of the room, while Sir Henry stood gazing after ber, dazed, with surprise and horror. In a moment she returned with -her baby in her arms. Again and again she kissed the child passion ately, while the bitter tears streamed down her face. 'Oh, my darling,' my darling, she sobbed, * what evil have you done that you should suffer ? I "could bear everything, anything, but that you should be disgraced—my child, my child!' ' Yes, madam,' said Charles, with a cruel smile, it's a well, really, I'm ashamed to mention the word " in the presence of a lady.' ' Charles Deverel,'cried Sir Henry, furiously* 'you may be heir to this house, but you're not it's master yet, and out of it you shall go. Begone, you coward. tmd scoundrel—leave, I tell you, or I'll not be responsible for what I do!' Charles, a little appalled, was re ti-eating towards the door, when Mrs. John Deverel rushed wildly towards Captain Dunrook, who was standing silent in the middle of the room. 'Dick Goodall,' she cried, 'explain how it is that you are here—that yoii are still alive. You seem not only to have deceived me in life but in death, too. After-we married, you first robbed .and Jtben deserted me. Have you not -done enough? Why come here to ruin this innocent child ? What harm has it everdone you 1 Why should vim wish to brand it with dis grace?' ' I don't,' replied Captain Dunrook in a low tone. * Not at all,' put in Charles. 'He only came to speak, to you. No harm in that, surely j you're his wife.' ' She's nothing of the kind,' answered Captain Dunrook. ' What—what on earth do you mean?'demanded Charles excitedly. * Why, what I say. You've pushed this thing a bit too far, and I revoke. I didn't mind giving you a hand, but I thought you'd play it like a gentleman, and not like a brute. Now, I'll out with the whole truth. That lady is not, and never was, my wife. ' That's no use, Dick,3 said Charles. ' She hersf^ jnaj-ried you.' ' aeeompantmeut for pF.hen she marri§;4jre(} j01, fuj| orchestra. For»»i ^ 'g an<^ ' sponded, all the color- I " / The J./..!.. .. .. -oct ^K^ottenborr^^PgiSSt xau are a lia^OTj|P calle#!^ with anger. JT m0vemen%. 'Not oatbiB Too can find he f d, felt,, D,ct Dunrook, , &4lJiffic»ltte.W j ' By heavens, ito T0>on prosecuted fo»fHt * \ ' Come, co.mjQf said Captain Dunrook, witha ^.Jkly smile, 'fellows! like you a&dxfine; _ shouldn't talk of ! prosecuting—in glass-houses, you know. Let uuiiwet back to Paris'.—! Truth. ' 