-THE :FROZEN PIRATE.' " . nthoa 'of:' The Wreek of the Grovenor,' \- 'The Lady rand?,' A Sailor's Sweet ;hart,' Etc.. s CHrer1n 2IV. CcM.EDu.) S,.lhad made a great fire, aud its light.was .troing, and there was alan the light of the \- lantern; but the furnace flamII, played very lively, completely overnuiteri*, the steady illumination of the candlc, and the man a figure wi thll a;twitch with mooving shadows, and a hundred fantastic shades seemed to steal out of the .side and bulkheads and dis appear upon my terrified gaze. Then, thought , supposo after all that the man should be alive, the vitality in him set '?'flowing by the heat? I minded myself of Smy. own simile of the current checked by frost; yet retaining unimptired the principle of motion ; and gtting my agitation tnder -some small control, I ipproached the body on tiptoe and held the lantern to its face. He looked a man of sixty yars of age his beard was grey and very long and y upon his breast like a cloud of smoke. HaL eyes were closed ; the brows shaggy, and" tithodark scar of 'a sword-wound ran across U .his forehead from the corner of the left eye to theotop ofthe right brow. His nose waas Sloig and hooked, bat the reposo in his a . 'countenancee, backed by the vague character of tholight int which I inspected him, left his 1 ..face hlmost expressionless. I was too much .alarmed to put ig. car to his mouth to mark f S'-.if he..braithed, if indeed the noise of the n ..burning fire. would have permitted me to f a distinguish his respirtiom. I t ?arw .back 'w watched hun. TIlought I, it will not do to believe there is an?tling supenlatural here. I cnti,.swear there is naught living in this ship, and am I: to suppose, assumingm she is haunted, that a ghost, which I have always .reno and heairdt of as an cssence, has in Its shadowy beiig such quality of insele ias r would enable it to turn that heavy mang over :fromn. his '.side on to his. back! - No, no, thought I I depend upon it, either he is alive and may presently come to himself, or -elsbin. some wouderful way the fire in thiiWiig him; has so' wrought in his frozein fibresias to'ca?o hin to turn. ::Presently. his leftleg, tlint ,as sli.htly t:' bent towaxrd,:t he: furuni?c,;stretchied utseh .- outto fitfJlle'ngith, nod iliy ear caught a . 'Ifaint: sound, 's??of: a weak and melb?choly i,, sigh." Gracious: eavesn, thonight I, he iao r alive aindt with less Hof terror than of..prp-. Tl fonaid:awe, now. that I saw there was, :nothonR of iiiighostly or' preteirnatural hcla •mt `i-' oi-n ; thine usiness, 'I" aliproneli&l; \- sand 'bont'over "huiid" His eyes were still shut, 'lnd I' couldt l iqt hear, that ho breathed; &,'theri vas':iot the 'fiaintest motion of.respi ,ation in his 'lbroat r,'stir ion tho'hair, that i..wais now soft,alido his .inouith. : Yet,so fiar . as the light would: sffer meo to judge, there " was n'complexio :in .his face ;such as could -only' comeo with. flowing. blood,. however. languid its cirdailation, and psuttink this alid .the sigh nd d. thli"mnovement of the .log together, I-felt.eotnvinoed-that the man was .liq,, and. forthwith, fell to work, very full, of awe 'dud' niioazemient to'be suro,!to helpl nature that was struggling in him. My' first stepivwas to heat sombe brandy; e and whilast thiis'w?as doini I: pullel . open'his coat oind freed hiis eck, fetching a coat from tliohe abin to servo as'a pillow f6r his head. I inext removed hisa pote and lnid'baro his feet. (which were eiicased iii,.io leiss thai four . airs. of thick:woollen. stockings; so that, I thought: when :I camno to the . third pair I 'should find his legs made ,.of stockings), ond a: fter bathing his feet in hot::water, of which theireo wa- a:kettleful, ;I rubbed them with hot brandy as hard as I could chafe; I then' dealt with' hoi"hiiiiiLs in' the like manner, alidviiig onto '.bn ? shijimateo itli a seaman ,..who told:m'oie had "seen a sailor'brought to Ssby, eeroibing of lis" extremnties uiftCi' he had been carried below utippoasd.to be frozen . to death, and': continued this.exero'so till I r could rub .it no longer. .Next I' openeud his '1ips, and, finding he wanted, some of his front -eth, I very easily poured a dram of brandy into his mouth: .Though I preserved:my . stonshment all' this "wh'de; I soon'idis. S'd f 'olkil '-with enthiiiasmn'" a Ille i -pai8iounitie longing indeed ;to. rgocovier .o man, net ohly because it'pleased: a nme to thiik of my, beiug ann. instrument un.-:ider God of ealling:n.humnan 1.4g,,so 'to ;.,spoak, out of his grave, but bcause I yearned for a companion, "somieoio to "a4dress, to lighten the hideoms solitude of my condition S'and to ; assist me ,.in planning. our de liverahco. . ' S" I built up a great' fire; and with much trouble, for'h was 'very Ikavy, diaposed hliia in such a manner .before it that tlio heat was '.I.reflected all, over thc front; of 'him fronihis bhoadej to .us. fet.; I likewise contitned to chafo his, extrmities, remitting' this, work Sonlyto amt,:'and fluding ' that the brntidy had stolen down his' throat, I poiiurd inoer drain' In and ,then another,'till I think he hain swallowed a pint. This *ent Son"for an honar, dring which time ho never e, hibited teo least sign of lifo;' brit on a sudden he sigheddeop, a tremor rin.through Shunim, he sighed tin .nndi pairtly raised' his right hand, whicih fell to the ceck with a '. blow ;his lips twitched, and a inmall'ionu ivulsion of his face compelled the feature-i -'into the aimilitude of a grin' that instantly 'faded ; then he fetched a 'succession of -sighs and-opened his eyes full upon me. I was warm enough with my work, but when I ?i?;iieed; lifilooking at me I turned 'of a 'death-like cold, and felt the dew of an intolerable emotion wet in the palms of my hands. There was no spcculation in his stare at flrt ; his; eyes ny as coldly upon me as thoee of a fish ; but as life quickened ,.1nb.hiit hias un derstanding awuke; he ghtly knitted his brows, and very slowly , iroedhi.gaze' oflf me to the ftrnacp, and so •-over as much of the cook-room it was before hlin, m.. He'then started as if to sat. up, but -fllik:k with- a slight groan and looked at .'" «What'is this' said lhe in French, in a N'ry Hallow feeble voice. ..I Inew enough of his l:uigntg to enable h'i toknow he spoke in French, but that . Icould not speak ii yhlable'of that '.'"" iou'llbo feeling better pk?cntly; 'you . .,px?jnot expect your, etrciith to oomo in a Sminnsito,' said I, taking my chance :of his « .<i -ami spcaking "M at .he, .?_itthm a gliost, forI doubt not " tpadtlk hiu head, b i .whih I enough,- and thaid ren R.m iee s mthound of my own voice, wan at Y a im. tie. In ? Apoech for '.ges, a it ae inodded hibs head, by which I .eron ~idiwtood mne, and saidvery atla-? n , h, but with ao true Frech X.hd bed, dr'. \--1fe.1t r' tl mend that,'d I, and at .caefetcheda mattrbled from th cabin next afte oit, hesy wasl s I sat formed one. of .the achi r, *a o !a,"e ^X«1liqo t sll~ths. and~ stqru ft omve him jh.-- ad folow ea high pillow, sad as he ' ajtT t thanMoee h 'toold not have not." I aut um ad to tuck hime . . sa ye-ot Cexited;, my .foarmer rhis vanas, but my uw continued 1gr ,tforI iflt- as if I had whdiught a rhti*lendIC trembd ma wo.aplid who ome prodigy of hi own creton 'It w 6Tt'to' be Varat how long- he hid been ;= condie-; .bet 'Iwas - ittiety; sore. '.a~ad-. bt~gUmsedb har toa'havc bocn here -for .4wsedstCfi yer,' ti unourt of that le half-a efentury. n ,*o btight. Ho followed me, aboit wlth hil syeinlotdMidM t A o8 to-speak;: pcshajm he b'aoUMDnot. IU'pt a1lamp 1 4 fee ino the 0ah t n 9d w d him ,mAuist of.atenslng- liesdl pionlih whaHill I hihd u t .fhis lps s apaiinki a, whi I tup. owly aid *palhfull, 'bat with'u'aibtakshle, VsAanfd e lgh of eoitautmast a he lay beck. Butht iewoiuM eeJadmethja. OAjMCjniNdi4? th'bn~y,,a;>^ brej "" Uralhstb~i sgelanaaaaa rit elm dita and as I gumsed hi? stosach, after so pro digious a fast, would be too weak to support such solids "as beef, :or pork, or bacon, I n.miseda little, turning over in my mind the contents of the lanrder (as. Icall it), all which time he eyed me with bewilderment growing in hisface; and I then thought I could not do better than' manufacture him a broth of oatmeal, wine, bruised biscuit, and a piece of tongue minced very smallh. This did not take me long in doing, the tongue being near the furnace and soft enough for the knife, and there was nothling to melt but the wine. When the broth was ready I kneeled as before and fed himn. He aetogreedlily, and when the broth was gone lookedl as if he would hai beeno glad for S' Novw, sir,' say I 'sleep if ou can ;n with which li he turned is head; and in is few mninutes was sound ''sleep, breathing regui larly and deeply. CnInm1 E XV. Tn P1IRAr 'S STonr. . It was now time to thinlkof' myself. Thi watch showed the hour to be after. six. Whilst my uptlr:nwas preparing Iw?t nt ot deck to close the hatches to keep .the cold out of the ship, and found the weather changed, the wind having shifted directly into the" west, whence it was blowing with a good deal of violence upon thie ice, ringing over the peaks and among the rocks with a singular. cl:uking noise in its crying, as though it brought with it the echo of thousands, of bells peallng in some great city behind the sea. It aso .swept up the gorge that went from our hojlow to the edge, o tile cliff in a noisy fierce hooting, and this ast was very freely charged with thse spray f the breiakree which boiled Idong thie isl?d. The sT y Sovcreas witl flving clo 1s of the true Ca Horn colour aind appearance.: SIclosed the fore-scuttle, .bit on stepping aft camn to .the two bodies, the hight of which brought:me to a" stand.. Since thiei was life in one, thought I, life may be these, nundI. felt as if it would be lik murdering them to leave themhere for the night. 3Bun said I, to myself; after all, these:men are certainly, inscnsiblo if they be not dead ; the cold that, freezes on deck cannot be'different from theo cold thdt froze thein below ; they'll not be betteroff in the cabili than here., It willbe all.the same tothliii, a?nd to-morrowi :I shall perhaps have the Frenclmnih's heli to carry themn to the furnace and discover if. the vital spark is still in them. .. To be candid, .I tais the more easily per 'suaded to leave 'them, to their, deck lodging by thie r e!y grinm malignant, nnd'savago ap leataco of the grodat 'figure that lind 'idanec aguinst the rail:', : Ldeed, I'did nbt"at all like'the notion of sucl comdpany in the 'abin through the long , iglit.. Added to' thiji his bulk was such, that, withouit ihssistaice, I, could only have moved hii as you move a cask, by rolling it; and though this might have answered + to convey him' to the hatch, Istood to break his armis and legs off;.and perhaps 'hils hehd;' s brittle was he"with frost, by lettin'his bown weight 'tiandle hinl dowvin the laddecr. '.: So I left them. to lio arid came away, fling ing i last look, rouid,' and thefi' closnig the conipanion-door upion mie. 'Tle Fre?iossl n,, as I may call himt, was sleeping very hIeiaily and.sihoiing.loudly.. ' ....'.. ,. i I got my supper, and whilst I ato surveyeoiL thoe ound of clothes he' made on the deck'- a motley leap indeed' with' the dolours'and; the' fliery'yof' the' lace ' and' buttons of the coats I!hbd?piledl upon hitii-alid fell into someo startling dcoisidceratioils of hiit. Was it possible, lasked utyeolf, that I 'cduld liai? lain in his, frozen estroi: foi filfty years~ B ut ,why not :for suppose, he had been on this ice but, a year' only-unay,. sicx months-an absurdlity'in'tho "face of.: tho manaifcstago 'of the ship'and! her furnitme--would not six months of 'lifelessness followed by a resur rection beas' iinarvellous as fifty yars? 'Hidtt io, thd,sa?lo aspect wlien'tho swoon of-t]io ice seized hiint asc lie has iow ! 'I adswrded yes, 'fo'.. th :.curirent of. lifo 'having been: frozen, h?is'alippearsiuc would remain, ts' it. was.hte , tl S:I~lirrlltcd say pio and;i sat, smoking, :think inig , d oiidold apresently, awake; but , his slumber waitsa deep as. toi stillnlues'Ihhd thaewed him out of :had been, and: he lay I so miiotionlssi :thht, b:liUt' .for-:ihis indring nid hliarli brath?ing; I 'honld have believdhlm l inpod niffo hfis iferier itiuto ' p hAt eight o'clock ithe ,flro, was very;low. Nature was working out hecr owni way with this'Frenchman, and I deternn ed to /it Lim sleep where he' was, and; take my chancelof the night. :At ill events he could not-alnrm. ie by stirring, for' if I 'heard a movcnent It should know.wla it was ' So, loitering? to sde tho.last gle in of thp 'fire extingorished, I took iny lnternuan. went to bed, but iidt,to sleep. '. "' si" ,,' ' I', ' . ' "?,.,i , ' The fullh maning of thie mau a?akening into life out of a conditiou .into whiehha.had been plunged, for all I know, :before I vas blre, ameo ipona ve wery violently, in tlio darknbss."'There being netlhing to divert my 'tlhouglits, Igatd'iny mind wliolly tolitaiiud I.tell ybl' I fiiud' it an uamaziing terrifying thin to happeni. Xndeed, I do'hot knon'that. thie like of such an adiveniture was" eover beforb heainl of, and I w?ll recollet'" 'thinking. to niyself, ' I woiuld give my left hiand to know of other cases of the kind-to be as?scred that this recovery was strictly within' the bounds of nature,' that I might feel I was not alone, oe strongly did the thoughts of a satanic iu-n finence operating in this business crowd upon mu--that is to say, as if I was involun tarily working out some plan of the devil. The gale made a great roaring. The ship's stern lay open to' the gorge, and but for her steadiness r' might have supposed myself at sea. There. was indeed an incessant thunder 'about my' ars, often necompailed by the shock of a mass of spray flung thirty feet high, and falliug like sacks of stones 'upon the deck. Once I felt, the vesel rock ; I cannot tell the hour, but it. was long past midnight, and by the noise of the wind I guessed it was .blowing a wholoe:gale. The movement was extraordinary-whether side ways or downwanLs I could not didtintuish ; 'ut, 'seasoncd as my stomach waf to the mition of'ships, this movement set up .a nausea thit' lasted some while, acting upon eno .asI havesince learned the convulsion of an earthquake does upon people. 'It took oft my mind from the Frenchman, and filled me with a different sort of alarm altogether, for it wds very evident tie gale was making the ice break; and, thought I to. myself, if 'wedo not mind oar eye we shall be crushed and buried.. B"t what was to be done I To uit thie ship for' that'pibicg flying gae,: rdwith sleet and hai".nd foam, was yto "languish for a' "lttleo;'and then n~isramly expire of frost. . No, thoughlit I; if the end is to come, let it fid me here.;: and with that. I snugged me down amid' the coats and cloaks in my cot, and, obstinately holding , my eyes closed, ultimately fell asleep.. It was late' when I awoke. I lighted the lantern, buit upon entering the pasage'that led to the ca`lin I observed by; my own posture th tha the schooner had not only heeled more to larboaid but wais frt)aer. down by the stern' to the extent :f. several feet. Indeed, the : angle of inclination' wae now mconidemble enough to' bring my shoulder (in the.LMpassage) close agains the starboard side when I stood erect. The noise of the gale was. still in the air, and. the booinng and bolling of ' the se 'was uncom monly loud. I walked straight to the cook-room, and, putting' 'the lantern to 'the ' Frenehman, percived that he was still in a hoy sleep, and that he had lain through the night 'porecely Iii the atti tude in which I lid left him.', L face was sIt muffled that little morm thn' hiei "long hawk's-bill nose was .diw.ele'. It "was freezingly sold, and I' ~ude 'haste to light the te. There was still coal enough in the 'boner to' last for the', day, and before long 'thi foiuice was blazig ocheerfully.. I.went taiwork to make some broth acd ,fry sime ham, and melt a little' blockof, tie e.thy eoloured wine, 'and whilt thu' ocpied,. turning' my head a motient toelook at the Frenchman, I found him half started up, staring intently at me. . ' '-.Thl sudden enfrontment thhew me Into "sc' 'oUnfiileon'thai I- eouldnot speak. ,He, .hsvd h' Read "i...qs 'aids to ide tking a e4 Mar baud mith. a Anus"ist w bthis forehead, the scar on which showed.bluack ink to the filr-glow, andsat erect. i? :-WherVre havd:I been'P he exclaimed in Frenuclh. I ' ' Sir,' said I, speaking with the utmost difficulty, ' I do not understand. 'your an guago. I am English. You' speak .nmy tongue. Will you addrcssmo in it I'. ' English !'. he, exclaimed in English, dropping his head on one side,and peering at to with an incredible air of amazement. 'Iow came you here ! You are not of our company. Let me see . .' Here:h'io struggled with recollection, continuing,,tb stare at me from under his shaggy eyebrown as if.I was some frightful vision. , : : i 'lam ashipiReckcd British'mnariner,' said I, ' and have been cast away upon this ice, where I found your schooner.' ,. - ' Ha I' ho interrupted with prodeigios vehemence, 'certainly; we. ar frozen up--T remember. That. sleep should servM·o my memory so I' 'He rnudoa na if to rise, but sat againi. ,' Thiocold in mntbilig.; itewould eankcd a lion..: Give mo a hot durihk,!sir.' ' I filled it patiniki- with the melted'winte, whihhho swallowed' thirstily. ' 'More I' `cried he. ' f seem to want Again I filled the pannikin. SGood I' said hoe,fetching a. slgha"na'he rturned the vessel ; ' you are very obligling, sir. If yotr lhave foo. there, we will cat. to ether.'..n,' . " ,t : . , Sgvoe the sil;istance of his speech, bUint?ot ii delivery 'of it," nr is it necessary, that ;I should interpolate my rendering withl the French words lie used:' - The broth being boiled, I gavo himn a good bowl of it.ilong: with. plat ?of bacon-iud eonguei nom? ibeinit, 'Ndean panhikin of hot I anmdy' and wator,' all ?wihibhthings I.put noon .!.. lrn.,oa nu 1.n oo no on ll rln ýnnt~mue adito it.hbe 'fell, malking a rare meal. Yet all the 'whilo"ho'e ate ho nated like a man, bewitched, ia well "h might, :tari?g ait me and lookiiig'roun and round him, and then dropping his' lnife to strike his brow, is if by thlat'kinil of blowrr he would qulickel the activity of memory there' 'Thero iL something wrong,' said lie pr-" snCtly. "' Wlha?t 'it sir "' Thlis is the cook roon.'" Hiowdoesit happenl that Ianmi lying hero?e ':;" " I'toldl himn oxictly hoLit:was, adding that 'if :ithnad' not been for his posture, which obligedmeno tothawi in onlrder to carry him,'ho would 'now"'bo' ei deck 'with tho!' ethce,;' awaiting the best feranl I could give' him. S'Who are the others k' asked ?ho.l S, I know' hot,' saidl.. " There 'were'four in'all, counting yourself ; one sits frozeii to death on the rocks. I met hin' first, and took this.V h -tli'fromi hlh'lpocket that I might toll theAbt?n.'l .? . IIe took the watch in his hands, and asked mno to bring the lantern close. . ' r .:' I h !:.eried- ho, ' this was Mendoza's-J the cnptain's;i I, remember ;.he took it for the sako?otlthislatter upon it.:: He lies:dead on the rooksl.? WeVo missocl hnim,' but did' iot know wherohoel hd gone. . ... .Then' raising: hiis hand and imnpulively starting-upon tlio·mattress, ho: cried, vwhilot lie topped his forehead, ' Itlihas comlneback I Ihlavoit.!, GuioppoiTrntanovo and I were in the cabin ;I he had fallen, blind , with, theo glare of. the ice-if ,that was it.'. VWe con fronted each other.! On a suddenheo soreasmed' :out. , I had put my faice. into my, arms, and felt myself dying. His cry aroused me.' I' looked up: and saw him :loaning. "back:. from' the table with, his (eyes 'ixed. and horror in 'his cdnimtenance.' .I was too feeble to Apeak toolanguid to rise.: I watched himn awhile, aud then the drowsines' stoloe over me again;, and 'my- head. sank, and,. I remember no' IIoshulddered, and extended the pannikin' for more liquor. ' I filled, it 'with two-thirds ot brandy and'the rest wvater,- and he supped it down 'ihs. if it: had been. a thimbleful of By the holy croe,' cried he, bhut this is very w'ondeoifnl;'though.. How lon.g have' 'you been:hereo sirl': . :. i .;' r i * 'Threeda~l s.'.i .- 2i , -.. .'JI. *' ThreodaysI nand:I havaobeen in a stupor! all that time-nover mieving, nevec breath S Yo ? r ill 'have o.been i"n :stupor longer than that, I expect,' said I. , SVlat isa this manont :' he cied:,: , . ' July,'.i replied.^ a':: : ; . ? ." 'July ?-Jly!:'_-he mttered." ' Iinpos-; 1ihble i 'Lotne seo,'-iho began to 'cunt on his'fgingers-' o fell i with tlio e Ice' anhd got locked in N'ovein\er. We lhad six months of it; I. recollecct no more., Six months of it, sir:; and" saipposo" th6 i?tuipor camb upon me ,thaen, the month, at 'which, my mnemory stops would be April;, Yet" you CIal tlhif July ; that is tolsay, fari montll:ouf o' liro, ;; imn 'possible I'" : . '....'Wliat was the ,year in which you fell in with tlhiece"' said I;''i,; .',' The year ?' he exlniined in it voice deep with the wonderi this questioi 'riiised in him; the 'yearZ'W "hy,. ntiian, a 'wh'at y.gr' but s shnarli)f I"jdir'l d?fiyl. ,fr ?, ,' . , }:Goil: ,dA. odt' eried I, juipilg, to. niy feet with toerror at a stritement I hiad, atiupluated; thouglmitshucked'mos aic nesw aind frightful 'He looked attnie witliontdnsweriig If . ' It is'eiliteenC hlndredl idit onc,' I cried, and'nis Isard'thiA'IFrecdiled i'Vitep, filly px. pecting him.to leap up ard exhiblt a hundred lemuonstrationis of: horror and consteiration;, fur this I am persuiaded would have been cny posture. had any man roulsed 'nme frouh a slumber and told me. I hal been in that condition for eight-and-forty year. He 'continued, to view umei with a very strange and canning expression in his eyes; the coolness of whieh was inexpressibly sur. prisiog and bewildering, and even mortify. ng ; then 'presently grasping 'him beard, looked at it ; then put his hands to his face and looked at them; then put out his feet and looked at thes ; then' very slowly, but without visible e?ffort, "stood up, swaying" a littleo with irn' of . weakness, and preceded to feel and strikeP'himsef all' over, swinging his annr and using his legs; after which he sat down and pnlled the clothes over 'his naked feet, and' fixing 'his eyes on me afreshb, said, ' What'do you say this year is, air?' - , r I' Eighteen huridred and one,' I replied. 'Balh I' said he,' and' shook his: head cry knowingly. ' No matter;. you have been shipwrecked too 1 ' Sir, ' shipwreck "shuffles: dates as a playr. does eards, and the beet of as will go wrong 'in famine, lonelihea, cold, and peril. Be of good cheer, my frihend; all will.return to you. . Sit, air, that I nsay hear your adventures,-.and .I will relate mine. 'Isatr how it.was-ho supposed ame de ranged, a mortifying construction to place upon the language of. a man who had restored him to life'; yet. a few monient' reflection taught me to see the reasonahleness of it, for unless he thought inme razy he mnust cocndeud'I poke 'the truth, and it'was in onceivbethat he should believe'that he had'lain ina frozen condition for eight-and-' forty yan.:'" '. ' . I stirred the fire to make more lightand sat down near the furnace. His appearance' was very striking. The snear upon his fore head gave a very dark sullen look to his browsa; hii eyeswere stinll and were half lostin the duky hiollows in which they were set, and I observed' an:indcescdilbly leering, cunning expresio in in them, something of which Iattributed to the large quantit? iof liquor he had swallowed. This contrastedl oddly with the erapeetable aspect he took from his baldness-that i?; from 'the naked nesa of his poUl? Yir,'na haveo efore said, his h"lr 'fell long and plentifully, in a ring a liWtt above the ears, so that you would have sun at aomo ate perod of his life he had been scalped. 