TH? BUNYIP. Every one who has lived in Australia has heard of the Bunyip. It is the one respectable fleeh-curdling horror of which Australia can boast. The old world has her tales of ghoul and vampire, of Lorelei, spook, and pirie, but Australia has nothing hut her Bunyip. There never were any fauns in the eucalyptus forests, nor any naiads in the running creeks. No myctlslogical hero left behind him stories of wonder and enchantment. No white man's hand has carved recordsof a poetic past on the grey, volcaniec-looking boulders that overshadow some lonely gullies. There are no sepulchres hewn in the mountain rampart surrounding a certain dried-up lake-probably the crater of an extinct volcano-and which in truth suggests possibilities of a forgotten city of Kiir. Nature and civilization have been very niggard hero in all that makes romance. No Australian traveller ever saw the Bunyip withhis own eyes ; and though there are many stockmen's yanls and black's patters, which have to do with this wonderful monster, they have all the hazy uncertaintics which usually envelop information of the legendary kind. Somenight, perhaps, when you are sitting over it camp-tre, brewing uart-pot tea and smoking store tobacco, with the spectral white gums risinglike an army of ghosts around you, and the horses' hobbles clanking cheerfully in the distance, you will ask one of the overlanding hands to tell you what he knows about the Bunyip. The bushman will warm to his subject as readily as an Irishman to his banshee. He will in dignantly repel your insinuation that the Bunyip may be, after all, as mythical as Alice's Jabberwock; and he will forthwith proceed to relate how a friend of his had a mate, who knew another chap, who had once in his life had a narrow escape from the Bunyip, and had actually beheld it. He himself has never set eyes upon the bunyip, nor has his mate, but there isnot the smallest doubt that the other chap has seen it. When facts come to be boiled down, however, " the other chap's " statements will seem curiously vague and contradictory, and, if the details are to be accepted as they stand, a remarkable contribution to natural history must be the result. T51 Bunyip is the Australian sea-serpent, onlyt differs from that much-disputed fact or fiction in that it does not inhabit the ocean, but uakes its home in lagoons and still, deep .rr-holes. For river and running creeks, it apisrs to have an aversion. No black fellow will ?bject to bathe it a river because of the Bunyip, but he will shake his woolly head mys teriously over manyan innocent- looking water hole, and decline to dive for water-lily roots, or some such delicacy dear to the aboriginal stomach on the plea that " Debil-dobil sit down there." Debil-debil and Biunvip are synonymous terms with the black fellow while he is on the bank of a lagoon, though "Debil debil" in the abstract represents a much more indefinite source of danger, mand is a farwider scope of action than most mythological deities. "Debil-debil" isaconvenientwayofaecounting, not only for plague, sickness, and disaster, but also for peace, plenty,andgoodfortune. Accord ing to the religious code of the Australian aboriginal, Onnuzd and Ahriman do not work at opposite poles, but combine and concentrate themselves under one symbol. The supremacy of Dohil- debil is uncontested, and hlie deals out promiscuously benefits arid calamities from the same hand. A medicine-man, professing to be in confidential communication with Debil-debil, may kill or cure a black fellow according to his pleasure. The natives have a superstition, in common with many primitive nations, that if an enemy possesses himself of a lock of hair from the head of one to whom he wishes ill, and buries it in the ground beneath a gum-tree, the despoiled person will sicken and die as the hair rots away. In that case, Debil-debil must be " pialla-ed" [entreated] by the sick person to unburv the hair and cast it into the fire, when the chiarm will be dissolved. The medicine man, therefore, has but to assure his patient that Debil-debil has refused or acceded to his request, and death or speedy recovery will be the consequence. The blacks have an impish drollery and love of mischief, and they delight in imposing on the credu lity of their white auditors. Thus the stories of their superstitions must not be accepted too literally. But it is certain that when they show a distinct reticence in regard to any reputed article of faith, it may safely be looked upon as genuine. The blacks never will volunteer information about the Bunyip; it has always to be dragged out of them. When a black disappears, it is generally under stood that the Buns-p has got hold of him, and the particular water-hole in which the monster is supposed to live becomes more than ever an object of terror and a place to be avoided. The water-hole may have hitherto been uncon demned by tradition, and theblacksmay choose to disport themselves in it; but if one of them, seized with cramp or emmeshed in weeds, sink to rise no more, the terrible cry of "Bunyip" goes forth, and those waters are from henceforth shunned. The Bunyip is said to be an amphibious animal, and is variously described-sometimes as a gigantic snake; sometimes as a species of rhinoceros, with a smooth pulpy skin and a head like that of a calf ; sometimes as a huge pig, its body yellow, crossed with black stripes. But it is also said to be, something more than animal, and. among its supernatural attributes are the cold, awesome, uncanny feeling which creeps over a company at night when the Bunyip becomes the subjectof conversation; and a cer tain magnetic atmosphere. supposed to envelop the creature and to spread a deadly influence for some space around, rendering even its vicinity dangerous, is particularly dwelt upon. According to-legend, it attracts its prey by means of this mysterious emanation, and when sufficiently near, will draw man or beast down to the water, and suck the body under, and without sound or struggle the victim disappears, to be seen no more. It is silent and stealthy, and only very rarely, they say, and always at night, has been seen to nse partially from the black water, which it loves, and utter a strange moaning cry like that of a child or a woman m pain. There is a theory that water is a powerful conductor for the kind of electricity it gives out, and that a pool with dry, abrupt banks, and no outlying morass, is tolerably safe to drink from or to camp by; but a lagoon lying amid swamp has always an evil repu tation, and in some districts it is very difficult to persuade a black fellow to venture into such a place. The following story was told by an old chief to me when I was in Australia regarding the hunyip :-"Long ago two brothers-one of them so tall that he looked down on everybody, and the other of ordinary size-went to a swamp to get swans' eggs. They found a great many; and, while roasting some of them on the bank of the lagoon, the smaller of the brothers said that he must get some more from the swamp. The taller one forbade him to go alone. However, he did go. Hefound a nest inthe middle ofthe lagoon, andtook theeggs. Whenreturn ing to the shore, he heard a rush of water behind him, and saw the water-fowls in front of him hurrying along the water as if frightened. At the same tnsme the bottom of the marsh became so soft that he stuck m the mud, and could not go forward. A great wave overtook him and carried him back to the nest, where a large bunyip caught him in its mouth. It held him so high that his brother saw him. Some hours afterwards the water became calm. The tall brother then took a sheet of bark and puta firs on it, and approaching the nest, saw his brother in the moenutheo f unyij. Speaking to the bhnyip,he said: 'Be qmet, and letme take my brother.' The bunyip gnashed its teeth and gave him up; but he was dead, and his entrails had been devoured. The brother took thebody ashore and laid it near the fle, and wept. He then went for his friends, who came and carried the corpse to their home. After he had watched it for two days, the relatives putt tin a tree for one mooni, andtha burned it, with the execption of the legand arm hbones, which were gsven to thefrnid of the decsed." The firt white man who made his appear. ane stLPort Faniry Is locality nsmedaflera sma ssel yed whe ssry)'wa cbnaid?r?d by the abaigines tobe a supernatural being ; and as he wak discovered in the act of smokng a pipe, they said he must be made of fire, for they saw smoke coming out of his mouth. A. S. T.. 