Sale*, Sic, orange and green. a tale of the boyne ahd limerick. CHAPTER XIII—(Continued.) BY G. A. HENTY, inthorOf "The Young .Carthaginian," "With Cliw in India," "to Freedom's Cause," " The lion of the North," "With Wolfe in Canada," "racing Death," &c.; Ipnimsneii in the Advocate under special ar- Jimenta with Messrs. W. G. BlacMe and Co PnbWers, etc., who have secured the oopynght As he was unbolting the trap Walter ran into a bedroom and seized an armful of blankets, then ran up' the ladder to tie trap-door and stepped out on to the roof. The door was closed behind him, and he heard the bolts drawn, and then hishostrandown stairs and told the frightened servants to open the doors, which had so far resisted the attack from without. Headed by an officer, the soldiers rushed in. 'What means this violence?' the gentleman asked. 'Why is my house broken into in this way ?' 'I arrest you and all who are in this house,' the officer said,' on the charge of ' Treason!' the gentleman said, coolly ; ' you will findno treason here. I have a few friends upstairs who are cracking a bottle of port, but that is not, so far as I am aware, against the law.' The officer ran upstairs to the room where the others were standing, as if surprised at the tumult, round the table, on which were bottles and half- filled 'Take the names of all these persons,' the officer said to the sergeant who followed him, 'and then convey them in custody to the castle.' ' There is no trouble about their names,' the host said. ' All are well-known and peaceful citizens, as can be testified by any magistrate.' ' Where is the man who was with you ?' the officer said, looking round. ' There is, so far as I am aware, no one in the house, sir, beyond these gentlemen and my domestics." 'It is a lie!' the officer exclaimed, furiously. 'A man was seen to enter this house an hour and a half ago, and no one has left since.' 'A young man? Oh, I suppose you mean the young fellow who brought me a message from my cousin at Waterford, and who called to ask if I had yet found him any employment. Oh yes, he has been here, but left some time ago, unless he is chatting with the maids in the kitchen.' The officer directed a vigorous search to be made of the house. The soldiers soon reported that every nook and corner had been examined, but that no one was to be found. At this moment a shot was firedin the street, and a sergeant lanin. 'Captain Peters bid me say, sir, that they have just caught sight of a man on the roof of a house some distance along the street.' 'Take the prisoners to the castle under a strong guard, sergeant. You vill be answerable for their safety,' the officer exclaimed, as he ran down stairs. Directly the trap closed behind him, Walter—sure that some minutes would pass before the method of his escape was known—tore the blankets he had brought with him into wide strips, tied the ends together, and twisted them up into the form of a rope; then, coiling this over his arm, he made his way along the roofs. The street below was now a mass of people. The report that a Popish plot had been discovered, and that a number of important arrests had been made, spread quickly, as the soldiers were seen gathered round the house. 1 he news was sufficient to stir up party feelings, and the mob which collected won set up the shout which had of late Men so often raised in the streets of Uublrn—' Down with the Papists !' Soon the crashing of glass was heard, I s 8t<, ne8 were hurled at the dwellings of Known Catholics. Walter, anxious for ine safety of Larry, who was, he knew, 8 withou STtu t > ^ed to look down wo the street to see what was going on, oelieving that in the darkness he could not be seen. The flash of a musket and a ball close to him showed uuittus figure ^ been seen against the "7 : . Drawing back, he paused a ®°®® nț m , thought. The trap-door would be discovered at once, and a 011 ^e roof commenced, and, the v™ ™ild be placed behind the fci There wa, no ^e to bp lout search for » house with • owiduig projecting behind, on to which he could lower himself with his rope, which was not nearly long enough to reach the ground. Looking over at the back between two of the sharp ridges of the roofs, he hung his rope so that it would fall across a window, fastened the end round a stack of chimneys, and thentaking hold of it, swung himself over. He had been very careful in tying the knots, and had tested them by pulling at them with all: his strength; but 'he did not feel at all certain that they might not draw with his weight, in which case he must have been dashed to pieces on the ground far below him. But there was no time to hesitate, and as fast as he could he began to slide down the rope, the frequent knots affording good hold for his hands. At last he reached the window. It was made of the small diamond-shaped panes at that time in general use. Holding the rope with one hand and his legs, he dashed the other hand through a pane just where he judged the fastening inside would be. Three panes were beaten in before heielt the latch. This was easily turned. The frame opened outward, and he had some difficulty in pulling it past him. Then, grasping the woodwork, he drew himself in, and with a great effort succeeded in gaining a sufficient holding to enable him 'to leave go of the rope and make good his footing inside. He had little fear of the inmates of the house taking notice of the fall of glass; for had they noticed the sound above the din in the street they would have supposed that the breakage was caused by one of the flying stones. He ran lightly down stairs and opened a door at the back of the house, and found himself in the yard. The wall was not very high, and a spring enabled him to get his fingers ou the top. He was soon sitting there, and then dropped into the road behind. The sound of his fall caught the ears of the soldiers who were stationed at the back of the house from whence he had started, some fifty yards away. There was a sharp challenge, and then, no answer was given, four or five hots were fired, and there was a rush of feet along the road, As it was only in the principal thoroughares that a few lights were exhibited, he road would have been in complete darkness had not the clouds just at that oment blown away from the face of the moon, which was half full. The shots, however, had been fired hastily, and Walter dashed off at full speed unhurt. He heard shouts from the roofs of the houses, and one or two shots were fired, but the chance of his being hit was but small. The sound, however, told the soldiers and crowd in the front street that the fugitive was escapingat the rear, and there was a general rush down the street to the next turning. Walter was a hundred yards ahead before the mob reached the turning, and was rapidly distancing the soldiers who were pursuing him. Unfortunately, however, there were many people hurrying from all sides, attracted by the shouting and firing. Several of these, in response to the shouts of the soldiers, tried to stop him as he dashed past, and failing to do so, at once joined in the pursuit. Walter saw that he must be captured if he kept straight on, for a group of men approaching, warned by the shouts of his pursuers, prepared to seize him. He, therefore, turned sharp down a narrow lane to his left. Another fifty yards he was through this, and found himself on the road running by the side of the Liffey. Without a moment's hesitation he sprang across it and plunged into the rivier. . Even in the moment of his spring, he perceived that the tide was running up. Had it been ebbing he would have made down and tried to gain the shore under shelter of the shipping moored below. But it was useless to think of swimming against the tide. His pursuers were but a few yards behind him, and the second time he rose to the surface for air two or three shots were fired. He dived again, and when he next came up took a deliberate look round in order to judge of his chances. He was now about a third of the way across. The shore he had left was already lined with people, and several were gathering on the opposite bank. Two or three shots struck the water close to him, and he knew that he was visible to his pursuers. Taking a long breath he again went under water. He was a first-rate swimmer and diver, having bathed regularly summer and winter in the bay below the castle. He had this time turned his face towards the shore he had quitted. The tide he knew was sweeping him up. fie kept under water as long as he possibly could, swimming his hardest. When he could keep under no longer, hp turned on his b&ck; and permitted himself to rise slowly to the surface. The moment his mouth ana nostrils were above water he got rid of the pent* up air, took another breath, and sank again. He swam on until he felt by the ground rising rapidly in front of him that he was close to the edge. He then cautiously came to the surface and looked Tound. He was close under the bank from which he had started, hut two or three hundred yards higher up. The bank rose straight up some twelve feet above him, and he could hear persons talking close to its edge.—' There he is.' —'No, he isn't.'—'Pretty nearly over the other side.'—'I don't see him.'— ' They will catch him as he gets out.'— 'I believe he has sunk.'—'He never could keep under all this time.'—' One of the bullets must have hit him.' Then a voice in the crowd shouted, ' There's his head just in the middle of the river,' and a stone splashed in the stream. It was followed by a volley of other stones and several musket shots in the same direction. Walter having now got his breath, sank his head quietly below the water, and swam on again, keeping close under the bank. Whenever he came up for air he listened for a moment, shots were still being fired below him, and he knew that the attention of all upon the shores were still directed towards the centre of the stream, and that there was but small chance of anyone leaning over to gaze down into the water close to their feet. His hopes rose as every minute placed him further .from his pursuers. He could no longer hear voices above him when he rose, but he swam on for upwards of a mile and struggled up the bank well beyond the walls of the town. He lay down a few minutes to rest himself, walked half a mile along the bank, and then entering the river again, swam across, for the road he was to follow was on the south side of it. He made his way across the country till he saw a small shed. He entered this, and finding some hay in the loft, stripped off his wet clothes, and crept deep into the hay to warm himself, for the water was cold, and he was shivering from head to foot. As soon as it was light he again put on his clothes and started at a run, which he maintained until he was in a thorough glow in spite of his wet clothing. He did not approach the village at which he had arranged to meet Larry until the -svm was high and his clothes had dried so far that they would not attract the attention of anyone who might be passing. Then he went into the deserted village and took up his place in one of the ruined cottages, from which he could obtain a view of the road from Dublin. Half an hour later he saw Larry coming along it. Although there was no one else in sight, someone might be going the other way, and Walter therefore remained in his hiding-place till Larry was abreast of him, when he showed his head in the doorway and called him by name. Larry gave a cry of joy, and rushing in, threw his arms round him and burst into teaTS. ' It's a terrible fright you have given me,' he exclaimed, when he could find words. 'I have been breaking my heart all night. Sure I thought you were at the bottom of the river.' ' Not this time, Larry, though it was a pretty close thing. Did you see it all P" ' Sure and I did,' Larry said. ' I waB sitting on a doorstep watching the house when I saw the sodgers coming along. They turned up from a side street, and were so close that I saw X could not get across and get the door opened in time to give you the alarm. Then they began to knock at the door, and for a bit I felt so wake that I could not move. Then the crowd began to gather, and then I said to myself—" The master will try to shlip out at the back of the house." So I went round, but I found the thieves of the world waiting for ye there. But 1 was sure ye weren't the one to let them take ye widout a struggle for it. So I moved a bit away, and jist waited. ' The time seemed long, when, on a suddint, I heard the sodgers sing out, and then fire and set out to run. I never doubted it was you, and so off I went behindt them as hard as I could tare. I wasn't long in coming up to them, and at first I thought ye would get jclean away. Then my heaTt fell when I saw those villains attempt to seize ye, but when I thought it was all over ye turned' sharp off and made for the river. I was with the first of them to get there, and I ran, accidental, against the first sodger who got his musket to his shoulder, and there was no saying where the ball went to. He cursed me for a clumsy baste, and would have knocked me down, but he was in too great a hurry to load again. ' I saw the bullets strike the wafe* close to you wh*>U >Y9V>. o«WP «P agai saw you look round, and guessed ye irm thuking what wm the beet thing to do. Then we saw no more of ye. I didn't think you had been hit, for 1 saw you go down regular, as if you were diving in the sea for pleasure, and not sharp as you would have jlone if the bullet had hit you. I guessed as you were meaning to swim . up the stream, and I did the only, thing I could to stop them from following up by shouting that I saw ye, and throwing a big stone into the water close to where I had seen your head before, knowing that by that time ye must be nigh a hundred yards up. ' The fools didn't stop to think, but they took to throwing stones and firing as hard as they could, and by the time they had done I knew, if iye were alive, ye must' be nigh a quarter of a mile up the river. Some of them did run up, and £ kept with them, but sorrah a glimpse of ye did we get. At last everyone made sure that you were kilt entirely, and went their ways. I went off to our lodgings, but took good care not to go in. And it was well I didn't. For half an hour later a troop of sodgers came ujp, and some of them went in. ' They were led by that black villain ho used to come wid messages from Mr. 'Brian, and I have no doubt it was he ho set the sodgers upon you. Anyhow, hey didn't find mucn there, but four of hem waited till morning inside, the thers all going away, so that if you had ot out of the river they might catch ye n a trap. I waited till they had left his morning, thinking, 1 suppose, that it was no use to stay longer, and then started to see if your honour were here. ' Sometimes I thought I should find you, then again I tould myself that if you had been alive I must have seen you ome up again; for, knowing the strength f the stream and how fast you could swim, I could tell pretty nigh about where • you would come up if you were keeping straight up the river. How did you manage it at all, Master Walter?' ' I turned and swam back again to the bank, Larry. I knew everyone would be watching the middle of the river, and would not be looking at the water in front of them. Of course the stream took me up a long way. I only came up once, on my back, took a breath, and went down again, and the second time I was right under the bank and well out of sight, though I could hear them talking a.bove me. It was just when I looked found then that I saw them throwing stones a,nd firing into the middle of the river two hundred yards lower down, and after that I had only to keep on swimming under water close to the bank.' ' And that is how ye managed it! It was a grand thought entirely to swim back to us. I never thought of that. I was most afraid you would go for the opposite shore, and there were plenty had gathered there ready to seize you. I didn't think I could have missed you if you'd kept on in the middle, and I have been puzzled altogether as to what could have become of you if ye were really alive. I have got some bread in my bundle here, and a bottle of spirits, and you had better have a bite and a sup before we go on, for it's pretty nigh as white as a ghost ye are.' The meal seemed to put new life and strength into Walter, and after its conclusion he was ready to step out again with fresh energy. They thought it better at once to leave the.road and tramp across the country. By doing so they avoided all parties of .the English troops, and reached the Irish army without adventure. Walter at once reported himself to General Sarsfield, and related all that had taken place in Dublin. 'You have done excellently, Mr. Davenant, and your esoape from capture was an extraordinary one. Unfortunately the betrayal pf what was doing, a!nd the arrest of our friends, is likely to upset all the plans you.had arranged.' 'I hope not, sir,' Walter said. 'I know that they were all careful to have no written documents, for it was always possible that the houses of the Catholics might be searched.' 'That may be so,' ;the general said; 'hut I fear that this traitor will hava managed to overhear some of the conversation ; and the fact of their meeting and of your escape will in itself tell against them sufficiently to ensure their being kept in prison at apy rate for a considerable time, and, even if released, they would be suspected personst- ancL would be unable to make the slightest move.' The general's previsions were justified. The whole of those arrested were retained in prison for some months, and no such general rising as had been planned was ever carried into effect. (To be continued,.) Iz is said (says the London correspondent oi the Dublin Freeman) that Stic Hioka-Beaeh's treoood rftHrementto^iin'aD^ ia »bfc, as Wto'-cWg&sfllV; iBUtfeQ^Jor. jthfl, . treatment I of ! lite btiV^etiM&e;'liis ifiti 1 - had disputes with «le oolleAguu tobant the' Ctoremmnt of Intend. 