THE RÉCIDIVISTES : A STORY OF FRENCH CONVICT LIFE. BY EDWARD BEVAN. (All Rights reserved.) ' "Back, Birra!" he exclaimed, to one of his attendants, who had raised a spear.' CHAPTER XI. 'WHERE ARE MY LETTERS ?' SUMMARY OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS. Jean Palmer was a French artist, who was loved by Adèle Mardon, model ; she, in the impetuosity of her nature, declared herself, only to meet with delicate rejection. Out of pique she married Pierre Lemoine, a Communist, who from motives of jealousy, and by means of treachery, managed to entangle Jean unwittingly in the troubles of the period, thereby obtaining his banishment to New Caledonia. Shortly afterwards Pierre was also convicted and transported. Palmer's defunct father married a Comtesse de Chaudrières, the supposed widow of a nobleman who had been sentenced to Noumea for forgery, and whom he had encountered previous to his marriage, an escapee from that island, in the wilds of Australia. From this man he had obtained a letter directed to the Comtesse, describing the position of a gold mine which he had discovered. On the death of his father, who survived his mother, Jean came into the possession of this document. Hating his prison, Jean resolved to make a dash for freedom. He had received a mysterious letter from "a friend," suggesting a plan of escape. Following the instructions it contained, he hid himself in the house of a libéré, named Piquet, in a cellar beneath the plank- ing of the floor. Passing through many dangers, he managed to escape with three others, amongst whom was Pierre. This man, still anxious for his death, left him on the Barrier Reef to perish, whilst he sailed away in the boat with the two others for the coast of Northern Queensland. The three reached the city of Townsville successfully, where the fact of Jean being pardoned became known to Pierre, who took advan- tage of his likeness to him to personate his sup- posed victim. His two companions were caught at burglary, and were imprisoned. Pierre, in company with one, French Pete, was taken by the police to identify them, and the latter here detected the identity of his companion. Having, during the boat voyage, stolen Jean's papers relating to the mine, Pierre and his mate set out in search of it. Returning to Jean upon the reef, he was rescued by Bertie Barrington, and taken back to his home on the island of Palmiste, off the coast of Queensland. Here they are attacked by blacks. The night of his arrival at Palmiste Jean slept but little. Whether from over- fatigue or from the, to him, strange circumstances with which he was surrounded, he tossed upon his bunk and listened to noises for which he could not account, whilst his every nerve seemed strung to its utmost tension. Most of us have experienced nights of unrest, produced by over-fatigue and unfamiliar scenes. Accustomed, possibly, to the roar of city streets, with their never-ceasing stream of rattling vehicles, the intense quiet of the bush is disturbing by its very silence. One's mind wanders back into dead years, and in a few short hours which, however, seem to one like very centuries, the past with its trials and troubles is lived over once again, whilst the future looms black and hopeless before us. Where is there one to whom conscience has not spoken in these wretched hours, when the ghosts of the long-ago rise up and haunt one, and the mis- takes and sins of wasted life, come back with horrible intensity, until one's wearied spirit longs and cries for rest, even though it be that sleep which knows no waking. So was it with Jean as he lay thinking and wondering what fortune had yet in store for him. The door and the window-shutter were partially open, for the closeness of the night required it, and now and then he could hear the scream of the curlew, the most melancholy note which the bush knows, not unlike the wail of some lost spirit shut out in the gloom, hopeless and undone. Then the native dog would take up the theme from his lair amongst the boulders in the mountains, and his howl would wake the echoes in the gorges. Far away along the shore the wind would stir the trees into motion, and the noise of their fluttering would grow louder and louder, swelling as it approached, until it came whistling across the hut, and passed into further distances, leaving the silence of intense solitude behind it. Jean got up and went to the door, standing on the threshold and looking out into the night. At his feet lay the kangaroo slut, who beat her tail upon the ground in recognition of one waking and watching like herself. In front rose the black mass of mountain, with its rugged summit fringed with trees silhouetted against the sky, whilst the white stems of the forest gums which fringed the plain showed out boldly in the darkness. "Was it his fancy, or were there dark figures pass- ing to and fro amongst them. The dog cocked her ears and gazed into the gloom, uttering a subdued growl. Daylight would be upon them in an hour or two, for there was a flush in the sky to the eastward, and Jean thought that these fanciful figures must be merely the outcome of a sleepless night, and of overstrung nerves. At any rate his fears were not sufficiently well-grounded to warrant his rousing his slumbering companion, so he returned silently to his couch. Slowly the daylight grew stronger. Jean could see the sky through the open shutter by his bed grow paler and paler. The birds began to wake and twitter, whilst. the laughing jackasses com- menced their fantastic hymn to the awakening day. Was it a branch that cracked near to the hut ? What was that stealthy creeping sound like some- thing heavy being dragged along the ground ? Jean raised himself with his hands and looked out. The long grass was waving in a most peculiar manner, as if disturbed by a herd of animals. Just as he was looking, a black face, from out a tus- sock, protruded itself, with features distorted with murderous looks. Jean slipped noiselessly from his bunk, stole to where Bertie lay, and whispered the one word, 'Blacks,' into his ear. It is strange how men, accustomed to live in the midst of danger, can sleep as it were upon a hair. Almost as he uttered the word, his companion was awake, had slipped from his blankets, seized his rifle, and and then—just as a villainous black head rose above the window—its report rang out, and the powder smoke curled through the hut, whilst a figure lay prostrate and motionless on the ground outside. ' The door,' he shouted ; 'put the bar on the door,' and in an instant he had it closed, whilst he fitted a strong wooden bar across it, which dropped into slots at either side. Scarcely had this been done, when several of their assailants threw themselves against it with a tremendous shock, which made the little hut rattle. Jean had armed himself by this time with the gun which he had taken on the previous night, and both he and Bertie fired through the wooden panels with some effect, to judge by the yells which followed. Spears were rattling against the walls outside, one or two penetrating the galvanised iron roof, their points becoming embedded in the rafters, whilst one, entering by the shutter, glided between Jean's arm and his chest. ' Look out for the shutter,' shouted Bertie, and as he spoke a huge nigger dashed through the opening, and in an instant was at grips with Jean, whilst another, emboldened by the success of the first, received a rifle-bullet, which left him a corpse, his body hanging half inside, half out across the ledge, a position which seemed to discourage any further attack from that quarter. In the meanwhile Jean and his assailant were rolling together on the floor. At the first plunge he had managed to catch the nigger's wrist, so that he could not use the broken fish-spear which he held in his hand ; but he could get no firm hold of him anywhere, his body was so smeared with fat. 'Hang on to his hair !' shouted Bertie. 'Stick to him, Jean ! I'll get some green-hide, and we'll tie him up.' 'Look sharp,' was the answer; 'I cannot hold him much longer.' Even as Bertie turned, the nigger wrenched his hand free, and with a yell, was about to plunge the broken spear into Jean's prostrate body, when his head fell forward upon his chest, and he turned over, dead, upon the floor. The black had been shot during the attack, and hoped by one bold leap to get even, before death, with his enemies. ' By Heaven ! It is Jacky,' said Bertie, as Jean staggered breathless to his feet. ' It is as well as it is, perhaps. Five times he tried for my life, and twice he nearly speared me, managing to escape each time. He was a well- plucked nigger, and nc mistake.' Although they had scarcely noticed it, strange sounds and figures of speech more forcible than elegant had been introduced into the fight during the last few minutes whilst they were engaged with Jack. A voice might have been heard exclaiming, 'You kill 'im my master, eh? You blank myall. You take that !—and that ! You no savee throw im spear ; me show you. Here, you black fellar, you want to fight im me? Houja." Ha ! Altogether run away, all-a-same dingo. Alright Misser Bertie, altogether yan ! My word ! Poor Fly, that fellar blank myall been kill 'im.' Bertie and Jean rushed to the door and opened it, and there upon the ground lay Fly, with a horrible gash in her side, and Koy, his hands full of native weapons, was bending over her, crying like a child. Dying, as she evidently was, the poor brute turned her eyes upon her master, and tried to greet him, but her last moments were evidently at hand. ' Never mind Fly, ole gal,' said Koy ; ' Master an' me kill 'im altogether black fellar along a island—altogether, you hear ?' And as he lay his hand upon her head, the dog licked it, as if to acknowledge the kindness he had shown her, and to say good-bye to one she had loved. They buried her next day under one of the she- oaks, and Bertie felt as if he had lost one of the most faithful friends he had ever had in life. * * * * ' So you carry your fortune upon you, Jean,' said Bertie next day, as he stood leaning against the door-post smoking and watching Jean as he sat stitching, trying to mend a shirt which had suffered considerably in the struggle of the previous day. ' How so ?' ' That digger's belt which you wear next your skin. "We Australians carry our loose gold in such.' ' Not much gold about this one, I am afraid,' re- plied Jean ; 'but perhaps, after all, something quite as valuable. You saved my life, and you shall share my fortune, as you please to call it.' He began unbuckling the belt. 'This little strap of chamois leather contains old letters given to me by my father, who is dead. They describe a mine some- where in North Queensland— Stay ! What is this ? They are not here ! Where are my letters ?' He gazed fixedly into space as if trying to force his memory to explain their disappearance. I have it,' he shouted, springing up ; 'I have been robbed —robbed by the man who has cursed my life— robbed and left to die upon the reef where you found me. Oh God'.' he exclaimed, raising his hand and face towards the sky, 'how long will this man be permitted to wreak his hatred upon me ? He and his comrades must have robbed me when I was senseless in the boat. They took them, and thought, in leaving me to drown, that they would secure the whole of the wealth themselves.' ' But can you not remember where the mine was without them ?' ' I cannot ! I can remember nothing now,' re- plied Jean. ' By-and-bye it may all come back to me.' , ' Try and think it out, man. Look here, we'll go out and have a day's fishing, and that will give your mind a rest.' So the two went out in one of the boats, and lay all day rocking gently over the caverns of coral off the reef which surrounded Palmiste. The atmos- phere was exquisitely clear by reason of the rain which had lately fallen, and the islands and distant coast were wonderfully distinct. They had been exceedingly quiet, scarcely speaking, until in the afternoon Jean suddenly exclaimed— What latitude are we in here ?' 'About eighteen south, I think.' 'Stay! I remember something,' replied Jean, and then continued as if reciting some half-for- gotten lesson : 'The camp is situated in latitude eighteen, longitude about one hundred—one hun- dred. Ah ! I have lost it.' 'We'll soon pick it up. I have charts of the Queensland coast at the camp. Let us pull home and see if they will throw any light upon the mystery. What thundering luck if it should prove to be near here ! Don't forget the latitude, there's a good soul.' So the two, wildly excited, pulled for the beach, and half-an-hour later were poring over the charts. 'Here we are you see,' said Bertie; 'latitude' , eighteen, longitude one hundred and forty' — ' Six,' shouted Jean. ' I have it all now. At the head of a river which debouches into the sea some six miles to the north of an island off the coast of Queensland. A dome-shaped moun- tain to the west ; to the east a land- slip. That is the description of the locality. 'Why, the river must be here about Cardwell, and the island,' cried Bertie, 'can be none other than old Hinchin- brook over yonder.' And both men went outside and gazed at the blue- peaked heights in the distance. 'We'll find that mine, never fear,' said he, after they had discussed its riches, and the peculiar nature of its discovery. ' To-morrow we will pack dishes and picks and tucker in the boat, and then—hey for fortune !' That night the two sat and talked, in front of the log fire, far into the watches of the night. The stars blazed and twinkled down on them as they sat there, the one telling of his home in Merrie England, where the roses twined up the walls of the old house, and the trim-kept lawns were radiant with the blossom of the rhododendron ; whilst the other told of the student life of Paris ; of the lamp-lit Mabille ; of the poplar-lined roads which passed quaint villages, where all the folk were shod with wood, and the houses had windows with green shutters and precipitous roofs. And while they still talked on, the bush-rats crept close and watched them with bright, beady eyes, and behind them towered the eternal hills, monuments to the power of One who directs all things, even men's minds, and leads them in the path which an inscrutable fate has chosen. 