[?] [?] |l! j! * U1T5 &*? account c4 Tt^ (yod(b . » ^ ? ; ? J ? : CHAPTER I. ' See ! from the bower a form majestic moves, if And, smoothly gliding, shines along the groves ; Say, comes a goddess from the golden spheres 1 A goddess comes— or Rosalind appears ! ' ' And do choose a nice one this time !' says a small woman with pleading, soft, brown eyes. ' Just fancy those long days and weeks— in far out-of-the-way places. Of course. I want flnmnone who is verv. veiv nrettv. and I V97i TWy delightful, to be my companion. Never mind i about her being a heroine. Everybody can't be a heroine. I I want somebody who will be merry at dinner, and cosy to walk with on the moonlight nighte; and I don't care two I pence about her character ' ' ? 'What?' I ' You know quite well what I mean. I deteBt strong I minded women— they should all be sitting on School Boards, I with spectacles on their noses, like a row of owls. I Character ! 'What's the use of character? You can't kiss I ferce of character ; but you can kiss Peggy Rosslyn.' I ' You mean you can.' I 'Well?' says Mrs. Threepennv-bit, with a stare. I 'Isn't that enough?' ' I ' Hm ! However, it's Peggy Rosslyn, is it, you're fixed I upon? Well, 1 shouldn't have called her so uncommonly I pretty. Let's see. Her eyes— her eyes are rather glassy, I UBn'ttheyP' I 'I think they are most beautiful eyes,' says this small I S6* , » Wttrn'y. ''Why, they hare the clear shining I blue of the eyes of a child !' I ' Her noBe is distinctly impertinent.' I You may call it impertinent, if you like; but that is I «erely the stupidity of the English language in not I j^ue' a vord to describe the prettiest shape of nose there I t'^e won'* quarrel about her nose ; there isn't enough I ot u te make a fuss about. And indeed if I were granting you everything — that she is fairly good-looking, and has a tall and elegant figure, and a fresh complexion, and so forth— what does it amount to ? When you come to her conduct, what are you to say ? Why you know she is a most outrageous and audacious and abominable flirt ! ' Queen Tita condescends to smile a little. ' She is a mischievous monkey,' she admits. ' But it's only her fun.' 'Her fun? A nice kind of fun. I call her simply a White Pestilence ' ' ? ' I'll tell her you said so.' ' A White Pestilence, stalking through the land, and scattering devastation wherever she goes.' ' And it's little cause you have to complain, in any case,' she retorts, for she can shift her ground with dexterity. ' No, it isn't for you to complain of Peggy's tricks. Wno encourages her ? ' Who is worse than anybody else ? Why, the way you two go on is perfectly disgraceful. I declare if I weren't an angel' ? ' But wait a bit. Who said you weren't an angel ? I want to know who said you weren't an angel. Just you pass him this way. Hand him along. And then ask his aged mother to come and see if she can recognise the frag ments.' ' It's all very well for you to make a joke of it ; but if you would only think of those two grown-up boys, and the kind of example that is set before them ' ? ' I dare say the boys will be able to look out for them selves.' ' If they take after their father, they will.' 'Come, now, about Peggy. You know she has a way of expecting a good deal of attention.' ' Yes ; and men are never willing to pay her all the attention she wants ! ' Oh, no, they are quite reluctant — you especially! Well, never mind, I'll take Peggy. I daresay' we shall get on excellently by ourselves. But remember, Peggy is to be mine, and mine alone. Of course, she will share my cabin at night; but I mean in the daytime as well— when we are walking along the banV, Peggy is to be -with me; and if we go for a drive anywhere, she and I are to sit together. And won't you men be wild!' ' And won't you women be dull ! But I don'r. know yet that 1 can allow a person ot Ihnt kind to come with us. There is a pood deal of moral obliquity about your peerless Peggy. Look at Hie way she sroes on at cards. You may call her ' a daughter of the gods, divinely tall,' but you cnii't say she's ' most divinely fair,' tor she cheats at vigntot-un like the very mischief.' ? ' H's only her fun.' ' Why, everything is only her fun ! Is she to be allowed to do whatever she pleases so lung as it amuses her ? Besides, there arc other considerations. She's a Yank.' ... ' She's a dear ;' Obviously it was of no use to argue further wiih a woman who would make such irrelevant answers. For the Sake of -peace and quietness it was better to say 'Very well;' and so it came about that it was resolved to ask Miss Pegiry Rosslyn to accompany us wben we should be ready to steal away from the busy haunts of men ifYirl Ymmn rvnr* irvnlnrntirm nf tYic* rfivirifYilB waterways in the west of England. As it chanced, the Person without a Character — she who had been chosen simply because she was pretty and nice — who was supposed to have no mental or moral attributes whatsoever — no ambitions, opinions, affections, angularities, or sinister designs of any kind — this characterless person called upon us that afternoon, and found some people chatting and drinking tea. And oh ! so innocent she looked; and so demure were her eyes ; and so reserved and courteous and complaisant her manner to these strange folk ! Not any one of them, as it happened, had met her; not any one of them had been on terms of intimate friendship with her, and been allowed for a second— for the flashing fifteenth part of a second— to see in those innocent, eyes a sudden and laughing confession of all her villanies and sins. What they saw was a tall, pleapant-lookinjr young American lady, of about 18 or 19, fresher complexioned than most of her countrywomen, aud thoroughly well dressed. Perhaps one or other of the younger men, regarding her with greater interest, miglit have observed one of her small peculiarities— the grace of the action of her hands and wrists when she took anything up or put it down. It was a quite unconscious and natural habit she had of keeping her hand turned outward from the wrist, and hovering, as it were, before she touched anything, as a butterfly hovers before it settles. It may be added, without any great breach of confidence, that 'when Miss Peggy wanted to be very affectionate towards one of her wooien friends, or wanted to wheedle her out of something, she had a trick of holding her victim's head in those pretty white hands while she kissed her on both cheeks. A person who has gone through this ceremony several times informs the writer that she cannot think of anything it resembles so much as the soft closing together of a plover's wings when the bird first reaches the ground. On this occasion it fell to the lot of a distinguished but far from elderly man of science to make himself agreeable to Peggy, and he did his best. ' He entertained her with an account of the Dodo. The Dodo, he said, was a Con servative bird, that became /very much annoyed with the Radical new ways of its contemporaries — the sports of the various species, eo io speak; and failing 1-- convince thorn that they were conducting1 iL.^in selves shamefully, he simply left the world in disgust. That is what we do now with science ; ws inako it, entertaining for children. Peggy was a child, aud hud to be amused. And how could this youthful professor know, when ho was makiug himself plcasuniiy facetious, thai those caiiii inquiring eyes wore lend ing him through av.d Ihrouch: that Voitl- v knuvv far more about huinriTi beings and their nrlsar.u wiles aud ways th;tn ho knew about (-nails and. frogs; and that, while ho remained within reach or' her glance, he was play ing with a fire a hundred ? times more dcaulv lb;;u iiuy ever iuvt-iitt-d.' by the CJroikis'r However, in these pages there (-hall l.m naught sot down in uialic.i iiguii'st the young l;iiiy who was to be our guo-t and companion during our long water-journey. Thu truth may have to'bc told ; but it shall be no more than the truth. And it is frankly admitted that on this afternoon Miss Peggy behaved herself very well. She was docile and agree able lo all. She did i:ot sit in a corner with, any one person for the whole time. As for the youth ful Professor, he went away declining that hhc was siiuply uharmiuf.', though she. did not seem to him to resemble the typical American girl; from which we are (0 luum that fehani inetuphyt-ics may by accident penetrate even into the sacred domain of natural Ecicnce, and that a biologist may con fess to a belief in. those anoemic abstractions, those inipossiblephiintoms, those fantaptic fabrications 01 prejudice or prepossession — national types. But when we discovered that Peggy had noenaage rnent for that evening, and when she discovered that we were to be by ourselves, she was easily persuaded to stay and dine with us ; and forthwith — for the people had lingered on. till nearly 7 o'clock — the domineering mite who con trols this household had carried her improvised guest away with her to prepare for the banquet. And indeed, when Miss Peggy took her scat at the table, the candid historian is bound to admit — though rather againt his will — that she was pleasant lo look at. One forgot the audacity of her nose in the general brightness of her face ; and her eyes, what ever else they may have been, were distinctly good humoured. She hud a pretty underlip, too, a per fect rosebud in its way, and she had a habit of pursing her mouth piquantly when about to speuk. When listening, on the other hand, in au attitude of pleased attention, her head a little forward, sonic times plie would part her lips in a half-laughing way, and then there was a gleam of whitest pearl. Yes ; simple honesty demands — or rather extorts — the confession that there have been plainer youug ?women than our Peggy, as she appeared on this evening ; and the prospect of having her for a companion during our contemplated excursion. was one to be endured. And now we had to lay all our plans, inchoate as they still were, before our young friend, in the hope of enticing her to go with us. It was speedily found that very little enticement was necessary. When her hostess described to her our preconcerted and sudden withdrawal from the roar and turmoil and heated rooms of London — the assembling of the small party of friends on board the mysterious barge, as yet unconstructed and unnamed, that was to bear us away toward far western regions— our stealthy gliding through the silent land, in the pleasant May- time of the year— the ever-changing panorama of hill and wood and ? daisied meadow slowly going by— our morning walks along ? the banks - our moonlit evenings ou deck, with perhaps a little music, of plantation birth— or, later still, a game of cards in the lamp-lit saloon; when all these things and many more have been put before her, the question conies — ' Now, Peggy, what do you say ? Will you go with us ? ' ' Will I ':' says Peggy. ' Won't I !' And then she seems to think this answer too abrupt ; and she goes round the table and kisses that small mite of a woman. ' You are just too good for me,' she says; and then she returns to her place. ' You will bring your banjo, Miss Peggy r' says one of us. 'Oh, no!' 'Why not? Don't you ever perform out of London 'i Bell took her guitar with her when we drove the Phaeton northward.' 'That is different,' she sajs. 'A guitar sounds all right. But a banjo would bo out of keeping ? ' ' ' Oh, we can't get on without ' Kitty Wells ' and ' Cam' me back to old Tennessee.' ' ' There is a much more important thing,' interposes Mrs. Threepenny-bit; and she eves the young lady with severe and significant scrutiny. *' We shall want a 'fourth for our party ; and he may — I say he rnay — be a man; aud even possibly a young man. Now, Peggy, I waut to know if you are going to behave yourself?' Miss Peggy turns to the third member of this trio, with appealing and innocent and injured eyes. 'Now, is that fair? Is that kind? Do I ever mis behave?' ' Never — I will swear it ! But I see you know where to come to, .you poor dear, when they say thintrs about you. You know where sympathy and consolation are always waiting for you. Don't you'mind them— you como to me ? ' ' Who called her a White Pestilence ?' says a hushed, small voice. ? ' What's that ?' says Miss Peggy, whose cars arc-snsrp enough. 11 Oh, yes ; you must bring your banjo,' one has1 to in terpolate* hastily. 'Of course, «re can't do without , ? ,.£; ' Kitty 'WdlV you know, and ? Carry me back to old Ten ntSB«e'— — »» ' 'Who called her a Whit© Pestilence?' savs the fiend again. So this matter has to be faced. 11 'Well, you understand, Miss Peggy, there are some .people whom you have to describe by opposites — the ordinary phrases of approval are not good enough— do you Bee?' ' Oh, yes, I see.' answered Miss Peggy ; and there was very little indeed that that young woman was inca pable of seeing. ?' I see that you have been talking about me. But I know you didn't believe half of what you ' Of course not !— nor any of it.' *? Besides,'^ she continues, 'if I go with you on this boatinsr expedition, I shall bo under your eves from morn* ing till ni.-rht, and you'll see for .yourself how good 'I am- PerhaDS you will believe then — and not listen to any stories !' This last remark was addressed to Mrs. Threepenny-bit, who did not answer. She seemed doubtful about the young lady and her behaviour. However, we bad booked Miss Rosslyn for that vagrant voyaging by canals and western rivers — that was the main po nt gained ; and as she was pretty — that is, tolerably pretty— and as she had engaging manners, and as she was certified as possessing no character worth speaking about, all promised excellent well. Chapter II. One day there chanced into these balls to rove A joyous youth, who took you at first sight ; Hun the wild wave ct pleasure hither drove. Before the errightly tempest-tossing light : Certes, he iras a most engaging wight, Of social g-lee, and mt humane though keen, Taming the night to day, and day to night : For him the merry bells had rung, I ween, If in this nook of quiet bells had ever been. The first difficulty we encountered was to find a suitable name for the noble craft that was to carry 113 away into those sylvan solitudes. Here are some' of the sugges tions made to us ; and the reasons why we had to decline them :— Converted Susan.— ?This was the proposal of an ingenious young man who fancied we were going to take an ordinary canal-boat, and adapt it to our present needs ; and who intimated that a name of this kind would give a pious air to the undertaking. Of course we refused to sail under false colours. The Snail.— Appropriate, perhaps ; but not poetical. Noah's Ark. — Scouted unanimously; we weren't going to have any beasts accompany us. The Roso of Kentucky. — This was a pure piece of senti ment on the part of Mrs. Threepenny-bit; and therefore — and alas !— to be put aside. The White Swan. — This looked more promising ; and we even went the length of discussing tho decoration of the vessel; and asking whether a little symbolism miglit not be admissible — say, a golden beak at the prow, or something of that kind. ' Oli ! no,' says Queen Tita, ' I wouldn't have any ornament at all. I would have the boat painted a plain white— a simple plain white, without any scrap of decora tion.' ' Surely that would be too severe,' says the aforemen tioned youth. 'Why, even the old book- worm who sent instructions to his binder : ' Let back and sides go bare, go bare ; but you may gild the top edges if you like ' — even fie wasn't as strait-laced as that.' We knew there never was any such old book- worm; nnd we resented this flippant treatment of a serious subject. The Water Speedwell, the Water Vole, the White Moth, the Velvet Shoe, the Phantom, the Pholas, the Vagary : all these and a hundred more were examined and rejected; and we were growing desperate, when Miss Peggy Rosslyn, happening to come in one evening, settled the matter in a moment. ' If that is nil the trouble,' said she, ' why not call it ? The Nameless Barge f ' ' The Nameless Barge was the very tiling we wanted — mysterious, ghost-like, and entirely in keeping with our secret and silent gliding along those solitary highways ; and the Nameless Barge we forthwith declared it should be. Now when we set about the planning and construction of the nondescript floating thing that was to be serviceable on both canals and rivers, we were greatly indebted for advice and assistance to a young friend of ours, who has already been incidentally mentioned. His name was Jack Dun combe; he was the son of a wealthy Manchester merchant, who had sent the lad to Harrow and Cambridge ; thereafter the young man came to London to study for the Bar, took rooms in the Temple, ate his dinners, and eventually got called. But it was not the law that filled this young man's head, it was the drama; and he had actually succeeded in getting one small piece produced, which was mercilessly mauled by the critics (of course, a conspiracy to crush aspiring genius). Busy as Jack Buncombe was, however, with plots and characters and epigrams, he found time for a good deal of idling; and as most ot his idling was spent on the Thames, and as he was a universal favourite among riverside families during the summer months, he had aoquired an intimate knowledge of all kinds of pleasure boats. Not only that, but he was an exceedingly clever and handy fellow, and of the most indefatigable good nature ; and when he heard of this project of oure, he quite naturally assumed that it was his business to procure for us the very vessel we wanted. Nothing seemed to diminish his unsel fish industry and zeal ; no obstacle was allowed to stand in his way. Consultations with boat-builders ; correspondence with the secretaries of canal companies ; laborious compari sons of designs ; visits to Lambeth, to Staines, to Kingston : nothing appeared to come amiss to hun. And yet one shud ders even now to think of that cold river on a January day —the copper-coloured sun behind the milky clouds — the bitter wind coming over the frozen land and blowing harshly down the stream — the shivering conversation on the icicled gangways— the inspection of this dismal house-boat and that one* still dismafler. For surely there ib nothing in the world more depressing than the appearance of a dismantled house-boat, shorn of its pretty summer adornments, and standing revealed in all its nakedness of damp-smelling wood, faded paint, and rusty metal-work. But our young dramatist was too much occupied to heed this melancholy contrast ; he was buBy with such things as the height of the cabin, the depth of keel, the quantify of ballast, the arrangement of the pantry, the construction of the berths ; and at length, when all our inquiries were over^, the com mission was finally given ; and it was agreed and undertaken that tho Nameless Barge, painted a simple white, with no touch of colour or gilding at all, Bhould be ready and waiting for ub at Kingston-on-Thomes on May 1, with such stores on board as we might choose to send down beforehand. Then says the mistress of this household — ??Mr. Duncombe has been so awfully kind and obliging: over this affair that we are almost bound to ask him to go with us, if he can.' «- You know the certain result. Peggy will make a hash of him within the first dozen hours.' *' Oh no, no ; this time she has promised to behave ; and indeed I don't think she ever means very serious mischief. Besides, if anything were to happen, where would be the harm ? That's what I thought when Peggy was with us at Venice, and Mr. Duncombe wrote saying he might per haps come round that way. Of course, as we don't know the Rosslyns very well, it would be awkward if anything were to come about that they disapproved of while she was under our charge ; and one can easily understand that people who have been very rich, and have lost nearly all then* money, may be anxious that their daughter should marry well*. I suppose that is natural. But, you see, we are qnite safe with Mr. Duncombe, for he will have plenty ; and there can be no other objection — he is clever, good humoured, light-hearted, a favourite everywhere. I'm sure it is not to bring about a match that I suggested we should take cither the one or the other; if they only knew, they would remain as they are— Peggy especially, with all the men her slaves, and people ready to pet her wherever she goes. However, as I say, if anything were to happen, I .don't see how the old people could disapprove. I suppose %i, Dnncoaibe will come into a large fortune.' ' Yon may comfort yourself in one direction. 'Whatever happeni, they won't hold you responsible. They have lived long eoocgh with Miss Peggy to know that she is .quite capable of managing her own affairs. She has got a tm0. of her own, has that young woman.' \--€J can't understand why you always talk in that in vidious way about Peggy,' she savs, in rather an injured 1 °?f L- 7m ^° * act *P t0 i4 »*« she is here.' Madam, there are such things as the sacred rites of hospitality ; and when the representative of a nation allied to us by ties of blood— allied to us by all kinds of things— **« wt°1?ur,?h-)re8' of «''*? we receive her as a Ruest.' That a all very well ' she says. ' But we meet plenty « r?6?0406 '* 'J* yet * don' l fr'1 y°u cutting a new pair of tad gloves to pieces when they happen to scratch their finger with a needle.' 'Where is the chance? You don't suppose that tho Americans, as a nation, are continuallv scratching their fingers on needle-points? However, there is this to be said about asking Jack Duncombe to go with us— that he is a particularly handy fellow, who will make himself useful. And Miss Peggy can beam on him if she chooses, by way of reward. Jack is used to that kind of favour, people say.' Accordingly we asked the budding dramatist to accom pany us; and -nothing loth was he, for he had always plenty of time on his hands, and ideas in his head that wanted an abundance of leisure for the proper working of them out. And he would not hear of there being any diffi culty about getting a factotum for our house-boat — a jack of -all-trades, able to cook and look after the cabins, and take a hand at the tiller when needed. ' Why,' says Queea Tita, ' where are you going to get tho Admirable Crichtonwho can steer a boat and boil potatoes, and black boots, and also wait at table P' 'Oh, that's all right,' the young man said, gaily. ' We'll advertise for somebody who has taken Mr. Long fellow's advice, and learned to labour and to wait.' She did not approve of this levity. She said :— ' I think you'd better write to Sir. Gilbert for the address of the sole survivor of the Nancy Bell— the man who was The cook end the captain bold, And the mate of the ' Nancy ' brig, And the bos'un tight, and the mldshipmite And the crew of the captain's gig— for short of that I don't see how we are to get along.' ' I will undertake,' says this confident youth, ' to get, ' not one, but all mankind's epitome ' — a person able to sew on buttons, cook the dinner, and drive the horse when the man falls drunk, as he is sure to do. Leave that to me.' And then we told him about Peggy Rosslyn going with us. 'I've heard a great deal about that young lady,' said he. ' It's odd I've never met her at your house.' ' She spent all last winter in Paris,' Mrs. Threepenny bit explains. 'And since phe has come to England, she has been mostly at Bournemouth, where she has some friends.' ' And is she really the adorable angel you all make her out?' he asks, with a certain air of indifference, not to say of incredulity. ' bhe is a very good girl, and a very nice girl.' 6ay6 Queen Tita, quietly ; for she doesn't like any of her young lady friends to be spoken of in a free-and-easy fashion, espncially by young men. Indeed, the next time Jack Duncombe called to see up, she took occasion to drop a little hint on this subject— in the gentlest possible way^ of course. He came in radiant. He had been down to Kingston. The Nameless Barge was Hearing completion. He was himself astonished at the amount of accommodation on board, seeing that she had to be constructed 60 as to enter canal locks and pass under bridges; nay, he was confident of her seagoing qualities, too, when we should have to face the wide waters of the Severn channel. According to him, the project no longer looked merely hopeful ; its success was assured. He had discovered how to avoid Bir mingham and all similar grimy districts. Our wanderings were to be purely pastoral and peaceful; the Thames, the Severn, the Rennet, the Avon were to reveal to us their most secret haunts. He promised us that on some still evening — some warm and golden evening— perhaps dying slowly into dusk, and then re- awakening- into the splendour and magic of a moonlight night — we should find ourselves moored by a meadow-side, in the dim solitudes of the Forest of Arden. ' Yes,' eaid he, ' all you want now is a motto for the great scheme ; and I've got that for you too. A motto— wliv, it's a prophecy. Would you believe that Virgil clearly foresaw what you were going to do ? Oh, yes, he did; he described it in a single phrase— in the Georgics ' ' And what is it f' Queen Tita asks. ' ? Mellaque arundineis inferre canalibtu? ' he answers, apparently rather proud of his ingenuity. ' And the translation ?' she asks again. ' The translation ? Oh, that is clear enough. It means ? To carry Peggy Roselyn alone the reedy canals,' ' he answers, as bold as brass. ' Really, now, what a dear, clever old man to have fore seen so much,' she says, drily. And then she adds, ' I suppose, now, it was the age of the poet that allowed him to speak in that familiar way. I am afraid that with our younger poets— the poets of our own generation— Peggy will have to be known as Miss Rosslyn.' ' Oh, I will treat her respectfully enough, if you mean that,' he says, with promptitude. And yet even in giving this assurance he had somehow the manner of one conversant with the ways of young women, and accustomed to humour them, and manage'thom. And no doubt, looking forward to the long excursion before him, and to the companionship of the young American lady of whom he had heard eo much, he considered that it would be his duty to pay her some ordinary civility, and generally to look after her, and befriend her, if only as a little bit of amusement. Poor wretch— poor wretch f ( To be continued. 