INTERCOLONIAL FREE- THADE CONFERENCE. A Sketch of Its Work. An Irate Medico. Tux Intercolonial Frac-trado Conference, like Alarlcj Ghost, Is as dead as a door nail, only unlike tho doornail Its decease is of but a temporary or tentative character. At ono time It was feared that it would have no chance of terminating its sittings, but once tho main resolution wrs passed and the? principle of Inter colonial Froc-tnulo affirmed tho remainder of its business was rushed through with the celerity which characterises tho work of tho lat week of a L'arllamentary session. Whatever might havo been thu views or the intention uf tho delegates when they first wof.thiy Iwcatiw strikingly haiwonious toward thu close, and instead of tho results being a Bvrira of defeated resolutions or a uuintier of narrowly escaped sucndmonU everything waa car ried unanimously, and everybody left his scat, when tbo final vote was passed in an absolutely perfect statu of good humour. Delegates came from all parts— from Utile Tasmania in tho south and South Aus tralia in tho treat, right away round from Itcekbsmpton, over tho tvfu from New Zealand, and oven from that distant Uttle- understood Crown settlement of Fiji. Of the whole of thu colonies only IN cstern Australia had neglected to send a dele gate, but as Western Australia isstlil the lone utan among thu colonies, anil still in population almost thu unconsidered trille of tho group, tho absence, though re gretted, was not of sufficient consequence to affect tho unanimity of tho ducialoos. Tbo delegates were all men thoroughly well known in their rcsiwotivo colonics— and some of them fur beyond thoir own borders— and thoroughly identified with tho different interests which they were bclectcd to represent, and, untike tho Ccnfcrenco in Adelaide tost year, dele gates were appointed from Chambers of Commerce, as well tu tho Chambers of Manufactures. It is significant that the only one of the bodies whlcn di-1 not re- jxjnd to tho invitation— which rather throw oljtacles in tbo way— was tho Chamber uf Commerce in Sydney. That intelligent body waa throughout con vinced that the whole proceedings were a conspiracy, batched by a few Victorian Protectionists, bent on overthrowing the fliral policy »( this country, aod substi tuting a high I'rotwtivo tariff. How thoroughly absurd this contention was was amply demonstrated during tSo session. The object of the confe rence was explicit enough. It was not to discuss tho queotion of Pro tection for Australia against tho outrido world ; it was to discuss tho question of Free- trade between the colonies. What t at iU Australia should adopt after this Intercolonial Free-trade should bo adopted was not considered and was not intended to bo considered. It was altogether out side of the scope of the co&fervuso;'s de liberations. That some misapprehension existed on tbe point, however, was ovidont from tho action which the Tasmanlan delegates took. Their object was to secure the tree admission of ustoral products, but to allow manufacture to remain as they are, witu tbo exception of those containing fivo ner cent, of foreign material. Accordingly an amendment was moved embodying their views. As Free -traders they felt— four out of the six diu—tiuu it was only tair taut Tasmania having practically no manufactures, all the other colonies should throw open their ports to tho hoe admission of her raw material, but that as she was anxious to give some encouragement to tho establish ment of manufacture in her own colony, it would be only reasonable to tax all the manufactured article tho other colonic could send. Thu vaa ingenious if it was not ingenuous, but it was too ingenious to commend Itself to tbe minds ot the conference, and accordingly tho amend ment was negatived. Dr. L. L. Smith, one of tho vicc-nresl- denta of the Victorian Cbambor of Manu factures, was entrusted with the first resolution—" That their purpose be, let it bo understood, to discuss tho question of Free-trade between tho colonies, and "soa- board duties" against tho ontaido world. This was a mistake to begin with. Aa a matter of fact the object of the coafcrenco was, as already explained, not to discuss tho ques tion of Protection against the world at all. It was simply to deal with the subject ot Intercolonial Free -trade. This was what, no donbt, caused tho subsequent misapprehension. If it had boon clearly understood that tho oonferenco had for tho present nothing whatever to do with the outside world ; if that hod been explicitly stated, and if it had been mado perfectly distinct that any expression of opinion on tbo point waa only tho individual utter ance of tho member who spoke, tho amend ment would probably havo nover been moved. But as it was tho whole matter was settled before tbo motion was nut, and that being tho understanding it was passed without dissent. Dr. Smith wants to icq a confederation —a "grand united'' affair— something which, without being separated from Great Britain, shall havo power co ordinate with thoeo of tho United State. The figure of the doctor is wall known in Victoria, but it is not so familiar here. Standing at the head of tbe chairman's tabic, bounded iu front by whole acres of shirt front, with his ears cmbeddod in ft gale of collar, and his face lit up by wholo fields of diamonds, his very pre- enco as a representative Australian would bo sufficient to command the respect of every foreign nation under tho son. (f an enemy in quest of prey attempted tu loot these shores, it would ).> necessary only to plod' tho doctor within the range of vision. No foreigner, no combination of foreigners, could withstand tbo brilli ancy of his resplendent person. When the motion hod been seconded, Mr. Button, a rcpreicntAtivo of Launccston (Tos.), wired thu iioorwitb an amendment. This gen tleman worked himself Into such a statu of enthusiasm over Free-trade Tasmania that it was feared be intended to start n game cf leapfrog over tho ctiandeliers. These fears, huwever, were dropped when Mr. Button, growing confidential. Informed tho conference that he had written a juimphlet. It w-as recognised then that ho was perfectly harmless. Mr. Adyo Douglas at ono tiino an Agent General in London, put the case for Tas mania. As a Free-trade colony the kind of Free-trade which imposes duties of from 10 to 20 per cent., and label them "for revenue purposes only"— Tasmania had larger desires than that which the moiiun contemplated. Sho could never leave tho mother country. If there was to bo Froe-trndo Wtwecn the colonies Great Britain must bo included. Ilia colony being ambitious, looked into the future and saw a vision of Imperial federation, with Tuiuianiu tnckod on to bottom by a l»oot loco. But ho spoko to unsympathetic cam. Imperial Federation linn beccuiu a pastime in Now fiouth Wales only for jiolitical kranks, and it 1b never likely to gel much beyond that. Mr. Douglas is a iKilitical paradox. At tho Federal Council ho prophesied in tho near (uturo an Australian Republic, and ridi culed tho notion that these colonies should bo governed by "an insignificant littlo island in tho north sons." But bo has liocn in England since, and intoxicated by the glitter and lace of tho society of Courts, lie sighs for Imperialism. Mr. : Douglas should bo mado a C.M.U. Tho debato went on. Delegate after delegate rose to support tho motion, and the amendment received encouragement frmn only two representatives of the Victorian Chamber of Commerce. There wo a deriie for unanimity. By mutual concession it waa hoped that the Con ference wonld come to a decision which would hare all tho effect which a unani mous resolution would give. Dr. Smith's seaboard duties trouble was explained) tbo difficulty was cleared away, and, amid cheers which rang through the Urge hall, tho conference, after a throe days' debate, carried, without dissent, a rcwoiu- tiou in favour of intercolonial free- trade. It was thought that the way would be clear after this, but another difficulty aroso. Mr. Reed, from Victoria, proposed an addendum to the second resolution, affirming that as Intercolonial free-trade couldn't bo established at one bound, there should bo reciprocity in natural product ns a preliminary. Mr. Forsyth, on behalf of New South Wales, explained that liv could not possibly, in justice to tho farmers of this colony, accept that. Point of order were raised, and eventually tho chairman ruled that the proposition could not be put as an addendum, but that it could bo moved as a separate motion. When the timo conic Dr. Smith sought te have it ruled out of order on the ground that it had been included in the defeated amend ment, and had already been discussed. Before ho bad quite finished speaking tho ehairtoan ruled the motion to he in order. Some warm words and a little badiaago passed. Tho doctor protested ngainst tho ruling, and insisted that he should be allowed to finish his remarks on the point of eider. The chaiiuiau refused to let him proceed, and, throwing down the pnper and scattering his coat-tAils about liko nn unloosed spinnaker, tho doctor gave a hop, step, and jump, and was out of tho rooiu. Better counsels, however, prevailed, and when bo returned later on to find that the difficulty had been solved in tho meantime, tho conference fell opoo his neck and wept. No reference to thu proceedings of tho conference would be complete which did not inoution tho ad mirable manner in which the mueiobUge was ptceide<l over by tho President, Mr. Stelnfeld. 