SIR H. DRUWIMOND WOLFF S GHOST STORY. A MYSTERIOUS SUMMONS." The following story was ioki m'e by a lady.. !Sbe was the wife of a rich Squire in the' cast of Fnghiud, after ri'hose death she mame'd a well-known Italian'. SSh'c was a Woman of great information, 1 hough somewhat eccentric. She had heard the story with dates and the.names of persons and pfaces. These she had forgotten, and had never been' able to supply them. She declared, however, that site was positively assured that all the details had berni verified by the French public authorities where the events related had occurred, add that the records still bxisted somewhere, if the place could riply be found. , During the Fmiech Revolution, two Frenchmen of high birth, Count A. and Yiscoprit B., we're despatched by ...the ,loyalist party oh a mission to Eng land. During their journey, on horseback to a northern port of France, where a a Vessel awaited them, they were on one occasion benightdd in the middle o'f a wide heath. Riding slowly forward they perceived a light from what turn ed out to he a large add solitary chateau. After, some knocking steps were heard slowly comirig id the yard within, and at last ^ the . door -was cautiously Unlocked. A porter or care, taker peered through the narrdw.. open ing arid asked the ; fripori 'of the knOckirig. . 'i I Wc have lost .our way aria are tii-ed arid hungry. , We require Shelter and food for ourselves arid'our bafcSes.' 4 Impossible ff the eh^rlish reply, arid the door wad about, to ; be closed, when One of the traveller^ intercepted it with his foot, and producing a pfetol, said—, •• 1 v - ' 1 ''' " * We are quite ready to- pay for our lodging arid supper, hut we "feaririot go further to might/ The caretaker paused for a t moment, SB though reflecting, arid at last he said— , II will give you shelter for the hight, arid food for yourselves and your beasts, ori owe condition, viz,, that you give me ydrir, WPrd of honour as geiitleirien, which I am' sure you are, that nothing will iriduce you to leave thp room I give you, arid that to-mor row at daybreak you go ori your journ ey without asking, any questions.' The jhomiBe given, the door was opened, and the horses taken to1 the Bt&blefi; which' were within the court. The porter then led th e two travellers up a splendid stair case arid through lorig corridor hung .with empty room furnished,as a drawing-room, arid evi dently belonged to the dwelling of _ Bihar the door was a large fire-place in which a fire soon blazed. Candles were lighted; arid the travellers saw two large arid luxurious beds, with rich heavy hangings, one nearer thap ihpbijierip the entrance. A table was pla'cea riea# the fire, arid before lorig a substantial supper was brought, the' utensils supplied for the meal, and all the belongings of the house showing considerable luxury. . Afterdating their slipper the two travellers went to rest. The elder took ^he bed *^rest.tihe-door,v''4earitfg the other, at some two feet off, to his com panion. Logs had been placed on the lire sufficient for -the night, the . door wadlotiied, and the wayfarers gladly betddk theniseives to sleep. , Abprifc ari hour after going to sleep the .elder suddenly .woke, starting in his bed. JIdv $piri4d -"riot . afccouiit for this sudden" wakirig. The room was strongly lighted by the fire, there was nd noise arid Coririt A< was. about to lay himself orice agairi on the pillow,; wheri a remarkable sfglit met liiiri. A inari of striking appearance, with a grey bpard, bui dressed iri the ordinary hioufeei.ri'alkgq.slowly towards the bed. "Wheri he had approached within a few feet he beckoned three times to the Count as though waritirig liiiri to follow. The Count gazed on him without moving, when the figure bowing tourteously, turned round, and. walked slowly away, slopping from time to time and looking back, repeating bis beckoning gesture with .ah imploring gaze, till lie reached the door, when he ] disappeared. Naturally startled at this unusual appearance, Count A. rose from his bed and walked to the door to See if it: had been' tampered with, but it was still locked. Very I weary, lie' turned into his hod and once more fell asleep. Abdut an hour later he again started in the same sudden 'manner. Again lie saw the ■same figure, this time nearer his bed. Agaib did it beckon to him to follow, and lhoving towards the door, turned with greater eagerness, and still oftener than before, to repeat the same motion, j with his hand. The hand was that, of j a gentleman, small . and white. Add with a ring oil one of the fingers. Frighteiied at this extraordinary ap parition, Cohnt A. this time' yoke his companion and narrated what, had passed. ' Nonsense.'replied the latter, ' you ate too much supper and have been awoke by a nightmare.. I am really tod tired to talk about it. Thy nervous earnestness with which the elder traveller . repeated the story, however, impressed the younger, until he proposed that thp curtains of the Count's bed, should be tied to the bedelotes of his, bo that in Case of a third visit he could be awakened. ,wifcHo\it j noise. After securely fastening the j curtains of one bed to the coverings of the other, each returned to his own1 couch. j A third time the Count was awaken- ; ed in the same startling manner. The figure stood close to his bed, and ,the face of the visitor looked dowii oil that of the awakened sleeper. The features of the apparatio'n were plainly rkarked. They exhibited great pain and sadness. The Co'unt grasped the hangings ! The apparition held up his hand. The Count jerked at His curtains, hqt they fell back without resistance, for the knot had becoine untied. Once' again the figure retreated sorowfully, turning hut seldom to beckon, as though the attempt had been given up in despair. It was ,now ndai daybreak. The Count awoke his companion,' and tliey sat up together till morning. Shortly after dawri the caretaker,' ac cording to! previous agreement, knock ed at the door, which the Couut un locked without difficulty, and the morrinig mieal was brought in. The caretaker looked curiously at the two visitors' as though inclined to ask questions.... He, however, did not carry out his intention. ' The travellers, mindful of their promise, made no remark. The horses, well) groomed* and refreshed, were ready for their journey, and the two companions left the chiteau, the care taker refusing to accept any payment or gratuity. The two men Jrode away, reached their port of embarkation, and arrived safely in England. Not inatiy years later the elder of the twd returned to France and ac cepted the new state of things. The Bonaparte Government offered Him an administrative post in the .North. This ^)ie Count accepted, .and among the Other inducements which led to his acceptaiice was the charice of elucidat ing the mystery which constantly recurred to his memory. A very short time aff»r^ssum%-»his,^uties d'hen he made enquiries as to the ch&feau; and. its owners. Tfie story told him was that the chateau belonged to. the Marquis de-^—t-; k gentleman of great'wealth and of retired habits. When somewhat advanced hi life he had niafried a girl of low extraptiqn,'hut of great bp&utv; the daughter of the peasant who how took pane of the chateau. A year qz; twq after" tlioir uiarriage a Half-brother of the Marquis had left the. army and come to reside with his brother, aiid some months later all three disappear ed froin the country together, without leaving any address, the chateau being placed under the cape of t£he father ^of the Marquis, an old gameke'eper. The rapid suece.ssioii of incidents iii the devolution, by absorbing public interest had prevented enquiry. The caretaker led a gloomy/solitary life, at the chateau. He :was little spell except when' he went out to make purchases ; biff hq always appeared to' be M'ell p/oVided witil money. , Arriving himself wftlf the' necessary legal authority, which probably lent itself easily to'the funet ioil'alies of the State, tlie Count prepared to investi gate the mysterv, lie accordingly re paired to'the chateau with the'agents' of the law au'd a pr est well known! ill the neighborhood, to' whom the story had been jtold. On arriving at the house the, ear taker endeavored to withstand the intrusion, but yielding to force, the gate' Was opened, Old the Count and the pfiest proceeded straight to the room' where the incident had occurred. ' I think,' said the priest, ' this affair at present belongs more to me than to the'^aw. Allow me to spend the night here alone. All I require is a lantern and a pistol. There will be force within bearing, but I believe the' j mystery can be solved inorp easily by one mati than by many.' The brave j old man's offer was accepted. The Count and his attendants posted them selves in other parts of thp house, keep ing the caretaker with them. A fire was lighted in the large room, and the priest was left there alone with his prayer book. He' had not remained long, when the figure appeared beckoning to him, rind he at oncq rose to follow., It passed through the door, always looking from time to tirpe to see, that the priest was behind. It led the way through a long corridor, then into the room which still contained all the appearance of a lady's. In the corner was a (small staircase, down which the priest des cended in obedience to the summons of the apparition. It led to a small vestibule which opened into a chapel. The figure walked slowly to the aisle, ascended the steps of the altar, then suddenly disappeared. The priest following with his lantern, perceived after some search a brats ring on the very spot where the figure had vanished. It was evidently the handle of a trap-ddo'r, which, however, resisted all the attemps of the priest to raise it. He fifed His pistol, and soon the Count and his attendants fcapie to his helP" , . 4 Th,e door famed, g steep ladder stair base led into a vault; At the bottoni of the Jadder lay a Human skeleton, dressed in cldihes similar to thofee worn by the apparition, and with a beard still hanging td the chin. A ring wad on the finger. The caretaker made little difficulty in eoiifessuig the real facts. The Count,~who,yvas a maii of the kindest disposition, aiid'hiul treated his half brother with unwonted indulgence, had discovered that too intimate relations existed . between .him and v his wife. Frightened at hid orderd to them to leave the hpji?e, the two had murdered him as he slept in the large room, and conveyed hi£ body ,along th,e , passage through which.the f figure hadcied the priest. The caretaker was -ytaken into confidence, and left to look-after the house and property while, the. criminal cquple Had left the country, aud^ overe living iii Belgidut unddf an assumed name, supplied,, >vith . money by the wyrriaif 'fl rather, the caretaker, from the rcsdurces 8f the property to which the half-brother was heir. He aiM the woman were brought back to Fikiiee, tried, and executed. tTffis story >vas told mo nearly forty years'kgo at Jersey dufiilg the year of the first Exhibition. Though in simple language, it was related with great, dramatic foyce, arid undoubted good' faith. The Lady declared to ,me that she- fully .believed the story had' been oiliqially recorded in the achieves of some municipal or-provincial depart ment in France. She was by birth of considerable rank, and members of Her family .had been in eloRe friendship with many emigres. She promised td let pie know if she ever heard of it again; but I saw little of her after wards and she is now dead. It would be interesting to know whether her narrative Had auy foundation. Some one whp uiay have heard the tale may supply the information. I have never heard it from any other sources nod fead of it in any book. The narrator told me that those who had first related the stoVy we re evidently beT'rtVvitW W fts truth. 