I BISHOP O'REILLY. ?I ? *. ? j\ HIS CONSECRATION. |l\ IMPOSING CEREMONY AT ST. MARY'S. The Cardinal-Archbishop, in his address to the diocesan clergy at Manly last week, while reply ing to the affectionately-expressed sentiments of regard and loyalty inspired by his approaching departure to Borne, specially alluded to the most striking results of the great Plenary Council as \ manifested in the erection of new dioceses and \ the appointment of additional mitred pastors \ throughout the colonies. His Eminence, in speaking of the new Sees constituted by the Holy Father in compliance with the recommenda tions of the Plenary Council, gracefully alluded lu uuu inuu u licit iu. O/iLuuau cver^ lUBliemuti wit: jfjUBUB of honour and responsibility thus created have been filled by '? men with whose names we are all familiar; men who had borne the burdens of the lay among us, and whose zeal and piety were a heme of praise among their devoted flocks.' 'erhaps to none of the new prelates could his niinence's words be more justly and happily itplied than to the Eight Rev. Dr. O'Reilly, who o Tuesday last, the feast of St. Philip and St. Jiaes, was solemnly raised to episcopal dignity wh the title of Bishop of Port Augusta, South Aitralia. The consecration of Dr. O'Reilly may be-egarded as the crowning act of the Plenary Coticil, for with his elevation to the Hierarchy the wise and beneficent scheme of diocesan organization devised by the prelates who metunder the Cardinal's presidency in 1885 may e said to be practically completed. Within the p^t two years, as our readers are aware, all the reommendations of an episcopal character of theCouncil save this one were carried into effect, ud it has been strangely enough reserved for his Eminence as a holy and a happy privilege, just on the eve of setting out to visit the Holy Father ,!o perform the solemn function by which the remdclled and enlarged Hierarchy 'of Aus tralasia 5 rendered complete. But for certain accident of fortune to which it is not necessary to refer )r. O'Reilly's consecration would have taken pl?e at an earlier date. The delay, which under th circumstances was unavoidable, instead, however, f diminishing only served to increase the interest iithe event, and in point of splendour and significant we question whether the ceremony on Tuesday ^ ist could be well surpassed. All the surrounding of the consecration were calculated to invest itwith those elements of solemnity and impressiveuss which go to make up a striking and a niemrable scene. In the first place, with respect to ie cathedral in which the consecra tion took plije, there was something very appro priate in thi great function being performed by the Cardinaln St. Mary's ; something singularly fitting in the ircum stance that at the altar around wnicn tne Jfiaary Council, with his imminence at its head, h?l assembled to make provision for the spiritual nnts of the young Church of the southern seas, and to elect additional pastors armed with ejscopal authority, the last of the new prelates Dniinated by thai august body should receive he mitre, the staff, and the ring of the office of iishop. But even more significant and suggestive ban the appropriateness of the place in which te ceremony took place was the presence at the .oly and beautiful rite of the array of old collie comrades and clerical con freres, who in a rqst tender and touching spirit of love and loyaltjclustering round Dr. O'Reilly made him the objet of a united demonstration of honour, affection, ad reverence, as affecting to witness as it must jave been to the new bishop gratifying to experiace. Not all the manifesta tions of reverence and kindly feeling in Dr. O'Reilly's regard wre, however, confined to the dignitaries and priess who assisted in the cere mony, for the large congregation, assembling at the early hour of nineo'clock, testified to the Keen and sympathetic inteest taken in the event. And what shall we say of ,11 the fervent felicitations and all the happy- heated wishes which followed the solemnities of thi sanctuary ? Simply that we suppose the ad mltos annos with which his Lordship was # saluted during the consecration found its way into thenrayer offered by prelates, priests, and people, beseeching health, and strength, and grace fo 'the youngest and best^ beloved of the brotherbod of bishops ;' and that we are sure the sentiment of good wishing which the Church employs in ;he ceremonial of the day was afterwards expressed not alone in the plea sant words which were pured into Dr. O'Reilly's ears when the solemnity were at an end, but in every warm and cordia shake of the hand in the vestry when surroundet by his friends, both lay and clerical. ' , THE CEIEHONY. At the appointed hour\and heralded by a burst of music from the choir] ;he ecclesiastical pageant which was to ltiid the vay to the great function entered the Cathedral from the sacristy. The ceremony was immediately commenced under the direction of the Very R»v. Dr. O'Haran. His Eminence Cardinal Moraa was the consecrating prelate, and the assistant bishops were the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, and the Right Rev. Dr. Doyle, Bishop of Grafton. In the sanctuary the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn, occupied a place of honour. His Eminence was attended by the Venerable Archpriest Sheehy, V.F., tnd the Very Rev. Dr. Carroll, V.G ; the Bishop -f Maitland by Father Foran of Singleton, and the Bishop of Grafton by Rev. J. J. Byrne, Adin,, St. Mary's; Dr. O'Reilly having as his chaplain -,he Very Rev. Dean Nevin, of Port Augusta, South Australia. Among the clerics in the sanctuary (a large per cen tage of whom were old college mates of the Bishop-elect) were the Right Rev. Monsignor Rigney, V.F., Very Rev. Dean Healy, V.F., Very Rev. Dr. Sheridan, V.G., Very Rev. Dr. O'Brien (Rector St. John's College), Very Rev. Dean Slattery, Very Rev. Dean Leonard, Very Rev. Dean O'Connell, Very Rev. Dean McCarthy, Very Rev. Father Merg, M.S.H., Superior of the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart ; Very Rev. P. Le Rennetel, S.M. ; Very Rev. C. Joly, S.M. (acting Superior of Marists), Very Rev. M. O'Callaghan, Superior of Vincen tiansj Very Rev. Dr, Murphy, tVory Kov* Dr. O'Haran, Very Rev. Dean Mahony, and the Rev. Fathers P. Ryan, P. L. Coonan, W. J. Riordan, J. Hayes, J. Collins, H. B. Callachor, M. Kelly, S.J., T. O'Reilly, T. Keating, E. F. O'Connor, M. Glasheen, C. Kirk, S.M. (Diocese of Wellington, New Zealand), Father Chastagnon, Ashburton, New Zealand j J. P. Fitzpatrick, T. Long, M. Morrissey, J. Moriarty, M. Tierney, M.S.H., J. Mf Connon, J. Brennan, S. J., C. Conway, J. Morrissey (Diocese of Maitland), James O'Reilly (St. Benedict's), D. Harnett, J. Dunne, D. M'Carthy, John Dunne (Administrator Bathurst), P. M'Kenna, CM. ; P. Holland, James Sheridan, B. M'Donnell, T. Barlow, J. Fleming, Very Rev. M. Phelan (St. Patrick's College, Goulburn), J. F. Marshall (Casterdon, dioce&e; of Ballarat, Victoria), J. Herbert (Ballarat, Victoria), J. L. Hegarty (St. Kilda, Diocese of Melbourne), W. Coffey, G. Tuckwell, and J. Grace. The choir under Mr. J. A. Delany sang effectively, Mrs. F. J. Riley leading the music. Mr. Banks oc cupied his accustomed place as organist. As the consecration ceremony has been fully de scribed more than once of late in the Freeman, it is unnecessary in the present instance to enter into details. It will be sufficient to say that every part of the splendidly solemn and picturesque rite was carried out with that completeness and ef fectiveness which might be naturally expected in such a cathedral as St. Mary's with a Prince of the Church officiating as consecrator. The conclusion of the ceremony, when — arrayed for the first time in his pontificals, glittering mitre on head and golden crook in hand — the new bishop, amid the pealing of the Te Deum, was led through the Cathedral to impart his blessing to the people, was very touching and affecting. Robed in the vest ments of his high office Dr. O'Reilly looked in very truth an ideal bishop, his tall figure, his expressive features, and his unaffected dignity of manner all contributing to an imposing presence. The sermon was delivered after the consecration, and it was a remarkable circumstance that +he preacher was Bishop O'Reilly's first professor in All Hallows' College, Ireland. ? The Sermon. The Very Rev. Dr. O'Brien ascended the pulpit and preached the following sermon : — ' Go, ye, therefore, and teach all nations ; . . . and beheld I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world,' Math, exxviii, v. 19.20. Tour Eminence, my Lords, Rev. and dear Brethren, — There is a period in the history of the human race, to which the attention of mankind has always been directed ; it is that period during which Jesus Chirist, the Second Person of the Divine Trinity, the only begotten Son of .the Eternal Father, descended from heaven, and as sumed human nature, when, as the Evangelist St. John tells us, ' The Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us.' The descendants of Abraham who lived before the coming of Jesus Christ, looked forward with ardent longing, and firm hope, to the time when the world would be blessed with the appearance of the Redeemer in the flesh ; the Christian peoples who have lived since look back with joy and comfort to that time when the Saviour lived upon the earth, mingling with men ; instructing them by word and example ; cheering and encouraging the poor and humble ; consoling the afflicted, healing the infirm ; and by meekness and patience es tablishing His spiritual kingdom ; and they look back to the mountain of Calvary on which Jesus Christ confirmed the testament He bequeathed to us, and sealed His divine mission in His own precious blood. THE OLD LAW AND THE NEW. The law of Moses was, as St. Paul tells us, but a shadow of the law of Christ. The law of grace and love is the fulfilment of the Old Law. All the great men of the Jewish nation were, under different aspects, but types of the Messiah, and the sacrifices, rites, and ceremonies of Judaism, were but figures of the great sacrifice of the New Law. The Jewish religion, of its nature transitory, was to cease when the religion of Jesus, embodied in the Christian Church, was established among men. What wonder, therefore, that the Prophets of Judoea, her holy ones and doctors, sighed for the coming of the expected of nations who was to found, to nurture, and^ vivify by his continual and all powerful assistance, the great spiritual kingdom, the universal empire of God on earth. The prophet Isaias looking through a long vista of years, and enabled by the Holy Spirit to penetrate the future, saw the nations of the earth rushing as it were to one great centre, mingling together despite the prejudices of nationalities and castes'; and the man of God, filled with a holy delight, raised his voice in exultation and cried aloud: 'Arise, be en lightened, 0 Jerusalem, for thy light is come, and the glory of the Lord is risen upon thee. For behold darkness shall cover the earth, and a mist the people, but the Lord shall arise upon thee, and His glory shall be seen in thee, and the Gentiles shall walk in thy light, and kings in the brightness of thy rising. Lift up thy eyes round about and see j all these are gathered together, they are come to thee; thy sons shall come from afar, and thy daughters shall rise up at thy side. Then shalt thou see and abound, and thy heart shall wonder and be enlarged, when the multitude of the sea shall be con verted to fchee, and the strength of the Gentiles shall come to thee.' And in this strain of lofty eloquence and vivid description the prophet continues to preach the future glory of the Christian Church, saying, ' The nations that will not serve thee shall perish, and the children of them that afflict thee shall come bow ing down before thee, and all that slandered thee shall worship the steps of thy feet' (Is. lx). Isaias then foretells that all nations were at a future period to be converted from the darkness of infidelity (which as a mist covered the peoples of the earth) to the brightness and light of true faith; he announces that the kings, the mighty ones of the earth, throwing asside the transitory semblance of greatness, were to_ walk in the path of true glory and greatness, viz., in that of virture, to be revealed in the person or tne Messiah. Iu other parts of the prophecy the trials and persecutions which awaited the Church are clearly foretold; but by the mouth of the same prophet the final triumph of that same Church is proclaimnd, ' the nations that will not serve thee shall perish,' Thus saith the Lord God, 'Behold, I will lift «P my hand to the Gentiles, and will set up my standard to the people, and they shall ^'inS thy sons in their arms and carry thy daughters upon their shoulders, and. kings shaft be thy nursing fathers, and queens thy nurses ; they shall worship thee with their face toward the earth ; and they shall lick up the dust of the feet' (Is. xlix.). Such is the description given by the inspired, writer of that Church, the propagation of which let us to day briefly review. He tells us that they who afflict her shall come bowing down before her ; the nations that will not serve her shall perish 5 and upon the dust of the groat king doms of the earth, upon the ruin3 of the monnments of human glory, God will erect the great edifice of the Christian Church which shall stand for ever. The propagation of tne Christian Faith is no longer an object of prophecy ; it is an accomplished fact. The fulness of time has long since been completed, that period fixed according to the eternal decree, when the Son of God was to descend on earth to fulfil all prophecy and redeem man. THE SECKET OP THE SPREAD OF CHRISTIAN FAITH. The great secret of the propagation of the Christian religion is contained in the words of our Lord : ' Going forth, teach ye all nations. . . and behold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world.' The great sacrifice of Calvary had been consummated ; the intense and bitter agony which filled the last hours of the life of Jesus had passed away. They had culminated in His death on the cross ; the hours of mourning and desolation spent by the apostles and holy women while the dead body of their Lord lay cold and neglected in the sepulchre had given place to joy and glad ness, for Jesus had arisen and by His glorious resurrection had triumphed over the malice of men, and the power of the princes of darkness. By this crowning miracle He had established the divine nature of His mission and confirmed His tible of the Son of God. In the plenitude, then, of His authority He appeared to His disciples, and before departing finally to the bosom of His Eternal Father He committed to them their sublime mission, conferring upon them at the same time the power and authority necessary, 'all power is given tome; going forth teach ye all nations.' The religion of Jesus was not tc be confined to any particular people. The Mosaic dispensation was for the chosen people of God — the Jews. To them alone, up to the coming of Christ, had God clearly revealed the great destiny which awaited them. To them alone had the mercies of God and the glories of futurity been disclosed ; but now the time was come when all nations were to be brought within the one true fold ; when the distinction between Jew and Gentile was to cease, when all were to become united in Jesus Christ, and all this was to be accomplished by the twelve despised disciples of Jesus, aided by the power from on high. These twelve were to form that society which was to preserve pure and imsullied the deposit of faith, and spread the religion of Jesus to the ends of the earth. But although the apostles had received all power, they had not as yet received that great gift which was to be infused into them by the Holy Spirit, the Paraclete, promised by the divine Master ; and when the Paraclete descended visibly as so many tongues of fire, then it was that the Church was constituted and perfected in all her essential qualities ; then was the obligation im posed on all men of listening to her teachiug and obeying her mandates, for her voice was the voice of God Himself, her authority was not derived from human power, but the Holy Spirit, who was to teach her all truth ; who was to remain with her inseparable from her, had descended upon her, had become one with her ; she existed,' and spoke, only by virtue of that Holy Spirit, so that all her pro nouncements were to be founded on the infallible authority of God ; she, the Church of Jesus, she alone was to be to the end of time the medium of oommunication between the Creator and is creatures. THE MISSION OF THE APOSTLES. The mission of the apostles was to ng all nations under the sweet yoke of :he Gospel, to change and renew the face ohe earth. Now let us for a moment abstract from this divine mission of the Church of God, and look upon her in the light of a mere human institution, and what do we find. ? We enter the chamber in which were assembled the twelve Apostles, and we see twelve illiterate fishermen, wanting in all things that constitute worldly wealth and influence ; without riches, without learning, without social position, despised by their own nation. — the fol lowers of Him who died an ignominious death; and yet they propose to encounter the might of the Roman empire, to conquer the gods of Pagan ism and overturn their altars ; to combat the teachings of the greatest philosophers.., and become the heralds and founders of a new and universal empire, embracing in its sway peoples of every clime ; uniting in itself in perfect harmony the most discordant elements of human society. Viewing the constitution of the Christian Church as owing its origin to human authority, its progress, preserva tion, and immutability cannot be explained. But if we view it with the eyes of faith ; if we acknow ledge in the labours of the Apostles the power of the divine founder of the Chnrch, and in their teach ings the light of the Holy Spirit, nothing sur prises us. We may admire the indestructible nature of that constitution, and the unchangeable nature of that teaching ; but wo see in them the natural result of the divine assistance afforded her by the continual presence of the Holy Ghost. THE FIRST DAYS OF PERSECUTION. The Apostles, therefore, inspired by God, went forth to destroy Paganism and establish the Gospel. The first sound of the glad tidings of Redemption shook Paganism to its centre. ' Their sound hath gone forth unto all the earth, a.nd their word3 unto the ends of the world.' The spirit of evil felt his throne crumbling to dust ; he knew that his Empire was in great part to be destroyed ; the words of Josus were to be verified : ' Now shall the Prince of this world be cast out.' The troubles of the Church began. The emperors of Rome, the governors of provinces ; the priests of the false Gods, felt that their power and authority were bound up inseparably with the in terests of paganism, and they resolved to crush the infant Church of Jesus. What persecutions, what torture did not the Spouse of Christ then endure ? - The Divine Founder of Christianity hung, torn, and mangled for three long hours on the hard wood of the Cross, suffering unheard- of agony ; and so also His spouse lay torn and mangled tinder the feet of her persecutors for three long centuries. MotherB beheld their babes snatched from their breasts, and baptized, in their own blood; fathers looked upon the? mangled and quivering limbs of their own off spring ; but amid all their suffering the children of the Church praised God, and by a lively faith and an ardent charity fortified themselves for the terrible conflict. Jesus, in the extremities of His agony, cried out from the cross : ' My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me ? ' Well might His living and suffering spouse cry aloud from the midst of deep distress : ' My God, why hast thou forsaken me ? ' Jesus lay in the tomb for three days, and His beloved spouse for three centuries was almost de prived of the light of heaven, was consigned to the darkness of the tomb. Jesus, after three days, arose in triumph, victorious over death, bringing with Him to heaven from Limbo the souls of the just. So, His divine spouse, after three centuries of suffering, arose in glory, having conquered her enemies, leading men free from the bondage of sin and idolatry. The Roman Empire passed away, and in its stead rose the spiritual power of the Vicar of Jesus Christ. The strong hold of Pagan worship and every species of corrup tion became the centre of truth and pure morality. Emperors and kings knelt humbly before the Christian altar, and herein we see the fulfilment of the prophecy : ' The nations that will not serve thee shall perish ; the children of them that afflict thee shall come bowing down before thee.JJ THE TRIUMPH OP CHRIST'S VICAR. ' Going forth, therefore, teach all nations.' Has the Church accomplished her mission ? What; part of the world is it to which her missionaries have not penetrated ? What people is there to whom the glad tidings of redemption have nofc been preached ? Neither distance nor danger could hinder the ministers of God from sowing the good seed of the Gospel. The Supremo Pon tiff of the Church of God governs the world ; His empire is not confined to a nation or a continent ; it is one, but it is universal. The Church, diffused as she is amongst all peoples, is still the same everywhere ; her teachiug and government arc one, united and catholic. While kingdoms and empires spring into existence, flourish and decay, become relics of the past ; while sceptres pass from dynasty to dynasty, and thrones crumble to dust; while sects arise, divide, and mutually destroy each other, the Church of God remains immutable, ever going, ever the same ; as she in to-day, so she was 1S00 years ago ; her doctrine as pure ; her government unchanged. FULFILMENT OF THE MISSION. Thus has the Church, amid trial and'danger, fulfilled her mission ; she has renewed the face o£ the earth ; she has perfected a new creation j be cause to establish purity of doctrine and pure morality in hearts in which every vestige o£ truth, and every germ of virtue were destroyed, requires a creative power. She reproduced her self as it were in every soul, and infused into every heart a new and perfect lovo. Yet, not withstanding her glorious history, in opposition to the teachings of experience, men still continue to assail her. In the 19th century, vain men, full oil their own conceits, dare to attack that Church, which even in her infancy over came the mightiest kingdoms of tho earth. To destroy faith, to eradicate from the hearts o£ young and old everything pure, everything good ; to obliterate every sacred memory ; to sever every bond which unites man in love and union with his Creator, seems to be the only end of a large portion of society. The Church. by means of her sacraments and pure teaching, would restore man to happiness by establishing a perfect harmony between the superior and inferior parts of his nature ; by bowing down the intellect; to the authority of God ; by bringing the pas sions under the control of reason ; and by placing the will of the creature in conformity with that of the Creator. The tendency of the age on the other hand is to throw off all authority % to ignore God ; to make human reason the supreme and final judge of all things, thus puf fing up new vain conceits, idle fancies ; tearing from the heart all that is good and true. But while iniquity assumes different shapes and forms, while error has changed from bad to worse, the Chureh of God flourishes, unchanged, and unchangeable, and extends herself to the ends of the world. Ifi in Europe peoples grow cold in the faith, she gains in the new world. The Jews were rejected by God, because of their ingratitude, and their in herence was given over to the Gentiles ; so in latci imes, if the lamp of faith burns dimly in some E' opean countries, it shines brightly over this new continent of Australia. Fifty years ago, how small, how destitute was the Australian Church ! to-day, how great, how flourishing, how strong she has grown ! AN EVIDENCE OF THE GROWTH OF THE CHURCH* To-day, my brethren, wo have witnessed and had proof of her power and development. As her children increase, so must her pastors. As the po pulation of parishes grows, the parishes must he divided and new pastors appointed ; so as the po pulation of a diocese increases, tho spiritual wants of a large portion of the people demand that new rulers be sent to guard the flock from all danger, and preserve it in the one fold. The archdiocese of Adelaide, in which the seed of the Gospel was so happily sown years ago, has under the blessing of God bo grown, and that seed has so multiplied, that it is absolutely necessary a new portion of the vineyard of the Lord should be set apart ; and that over it a now ruler should be appointed, who, walking in the footsteps of the Apostles, would by word and example keep the lamp of faith and the fire of divine charity burn ing brightly in the midst of his people ; thafc thus, tho great Christian trrths might be ever present to their minds, and the love of Jesus Christ might be ever warm in their hearts. THE NEW PRELATE. Such a ruler, such a pastor is the newly consecrated Bishop of Port Augusta. He is now amongst those whom God has appointed in a special manner overseers, to rule His Church as Sfc. Paul says. 'Take heed to yourselves and to all the flock, over which the Holy Ghost hath placed you bishops, to rule the Church of God, which He has purchased with His own blood.' His duty it will be, as St. Paul further declares, to guard the flock from ravenous wolves who may enter, not sparing the flock ; and from men who will rise up speaking perverse things, in order to draw away disciples after them. To him is committed, then, not so much the propagation as the preser vation of the faith. In the exercise of his high and holy office he will need special assistance. His own prayers, his own virtues, but above all, that profound humility which thoso alone who know him personally can realize, will be his safe guard; but we can assist him by our prayers to-day before the throne oil the Most '£igh God. A PRAYER FOR THE BI'tSHOP. Let us then beseech the Almighty Giver o£ all good gifts to pour out tn His mercy His choicest blessings upon the hp'ad of His newly- consecrated servant; that the Spirit o? God may dwell with him directing him in the discharge of his arduous duties ; that nis life, as the Church prays, may be long upor. the earth ; that when it shall please the Lor-\ to call him from this transitory world, his hara.ds may be full of good works ; that as he enters the dread portals of eternity, he_ may hear from the lipB of Jesus these words specially appli cable to the bishops of the Church, 'Well clone, thou good and faithful servant ; as thou hast been faithful over few things, I will place thee over many things; enter thou into the joy of the Lord.' After the solemnities in the church, Dr. O'Reilly was the recipient of quite a demonstra tion of good will and regard in the vestry and presbytery. The new bishop was also deluged with congratulatory telegrams, messages from Archbishop Reynolds, o£ Adelaide; Bishop ©ibney, of Perth, W.A. 5 Bishop Corbett, of Sale, Vic. ; Bishop Byrne, of Bathurst ; and Bishop Torreggiauni, of Armidale, being: among the number received. On Wednesday, Dr. O'Seilly was presented with a purse of 300 sovereigns as a token oE regard from the priests who assisted at the consecration and other friends among the clergy who were not able to attend* A large percentage of the sub scribers to the testimonial were, we understand, old All Hallows' students. 