Undoubtedly one of tlie most im portant — if not the most — essentials in a town like Launceston is its water supply, and there is no local subject so j requiring immediate attention as an in crease in our existing supply. For some time past tlie inadequacy of pressure and quantity, especially in the higher levels of the town, has forced itself unpleasantly on the burgesses and Corporation, and it is satisfactory to know that the Municipal Council are giving the subject the attention its importance demands. The inadequacy of water for consumption has for the past three or four summers been severely felt in the higher levels par- I ticularly, Windmill TTill and High street especially, whilst a lire in lower Margaret- street last year plainly demonstrated that the pres sure and supply was totally ineffi cient to combat anything like a serious conflagration in that portion of the town. Some of the suburbs, notably Invermay, are also very poorlv supplied. Our present supply is fur nished by one 15in main, whist runs right through from Distillery Creek dam to Wellington-street; a second main of the same diameter reaches from the dam to Elphin-road, whence it is carried on by a 12in main to Wellington-street. There is also the old main, which is composite, consisting of a series of three sizes, 12in, lOin, and 9in, decreasing as it comes into town. From this a branch pipe runs from Newstead to the Wind mill Hill reservoir direct. About five years ago the Council determined to increase the water supply by laying down another 15in main, and to accomplish this they first took up the portion of the old 9in main which ran along Elphin-road. The pipes raised were sold to Mr W. H. Knight at £4 5s per ton, and re purchased shortly after at £9 per ton to use as reticulating pipes in various parts' of the town. The new 15in main was constructed from the Dis tillery Creek dam towards town as far as Newstead, and then connected with the old mam, and a commencement was made later at the Distillery Creek end to lay down another 15in main, to connect with the old lOin main. The existing supply, therefore, consists of a loin and lOin main, equalling 255| square inches, and it is now proposed to increase this capacity by supplementing the 12in pipes which run from Elphin to Wellington-street by 15in pipes, thus making a supply of 'two 15in pipes, equalling 353| square inches, or in round numbers an increase of 38 pel' cent, on the existing supply, the cost being £5300. The members of the Council will, how ever, pause and seriously consider the result before carrying out this pro posal. The great error hitherto made by the Corporation in connection with our water supply has been a failure to thoroughly comprehend the importance , of providing a sufficient permanent ' worK ; or carrying out a comprehensive scheme; instead of merely making provision for immediate necessities. We have no hesitation in saying that the proposed work will afford but tem porary relief, and that in the near future additional water supply will be found imperative. Launceston is not standing still and in a very few years * the present sufficiency of water will be found totally inadequate. It therefore behoves the Corporation to seriously consider the merits of an alternative proposal — that of Alderman Barrett —for providing a supply which ?nil! prove ample for Lauuces ton for at least- half a century, totally apart from its claims for con sideration in providing motive power for sufficient electric potver to light the town, haulage for future tram cans, and machinery of numerous descrip tions. It is sufficient at present to briefly say this scheme provides for laying down a 28iu main from the Distillery Creek dam to Hobbler's Bridge, and utilise one of the present 15in mains of that, distance for re placing the present 12in main extend ing from Elphin to Wellington-street, and using the lOin pipes to construct a main to the Windmill Hill reservoir. Practically this would bring the Dis tillery Creek dam to Hobbler's Bridge ; furnish two 15in mains to Wellington- ; street, and a lOin main to Windmill Hill. The total cost of the 28in pipes would not exceed £8000, or, in round numbers, about £2500 in excess of the scheme now before the Council : whilst the capacity or such main would be 615f squares inches, compared with o53k squares inches of the work now proposed to be earned out. The subject is too vitally important to be hastily determined, and we would urge on the Council the necessity of fully consider ing the merits of Alderman Barrett's scheme — which will, we understand, be placed before the Council at an early date — before pledging themselves irre vocably to what must prove to be but a temporary remedy, and necessitate in a j short time the undertaking of such works as that now suggested in tho ! fuller and more comprehensive scheme. I We are glad to see that Mr Lette has called for a Parliamentary return show ing the work performed by Mr G. H. Burke, C.E., in connection with the Mount Cameron Water-race, and also r.ha amount of remuneration received therefor. Whenjthe vote for the work in question was before Parliament it was mderstood that Mr Burke had sur veyed accurately the proposed race, and that all requiring to be done was for Parliament to sanction the vote for the proposed scheme in order that work might be immediately commenced, i Twelve months, however, have elapsed since the vote was sanctioned, and the contract for the intake of the race has only just been let. Ugly- rumors are afloat to the eSect that not only did the Board appointed t« carry out the race find it necessary to alter in some re spects the route proposed by Mr Burke, but that the greater part of the race had to be pegged out anew ; in fact, instead of findin r the race properly and accurately laid out, that the work had to be commenced almost de novo. The return asked for by Mr Lette will, therefore, prove not only interesting, but essential to remove existing doubts. If the Board found the work in such a state of preparedness as Par liament and the public were led to believe, then there has been unaccount- ; able delay in proceeding with practical work, and the rumors afloat to the contrary are decidedly unfair to Mr Burke ; if, on the other hand, the Board found it necessary to re-survey the race and actually commence initia tory work which Parliament were led to believe had already been thoroughly accomplished, an explanation is neces sary to ascertain who were responsible ; for the misleading statements to the contrary which were placed before Parliament. The public, especially that portion having immediate interest in mining, will learn with satisfaction that we are not to lose Mr Belstead from the Mines Office. After having given the Bishop notice of his intention to accept the offer of the Diocesan Council to be their first secretary, it was discovered by the Government Auditor that Mr Belstead would be actually entitled to a pension of something like £300 per annum if he continued in the Government servise for a few years longer, and to hare thrown up this to accept a new post would hare been a manifest injustice to his family and to himself. This discovery has decided Mr Belstead to retain his present office, a fact, we feel certain, both the Government and those having business with the Mines Office will certainly congratulate themselves upon. Had Mr Belstead resigned, his place would not have been easily filled. The Melbourne Exhibition. — There were many admirers in front of Messrs. Dempster and Pearce's window on Satur day evening, the attraction being »everal articles of furniture intended for the Mel bourne Exhibition. The articles on view consisted of a washstand and dressing table and two chairs manufactured from blackwood and Huon pine, both choice samples, and corresponding in general out line with the wardrobe. The tables are both semi- pedestal, having drawers, cup boards, and recesses. The framing and mouldings throughout are of blackweod, and the panels are of raised Huon pine with blackwood bevelled edges. The drawer fronts are composed of Huon pine, nicely marked, and surrounded with blackwood moulding. The tops of both tables are of Italian marble. - The dressing-table has a large semi - cheval glass of bevelled arched Bilver plate, enclosed in black wood frame with Huon pine spandrels, the whole surmounted by a cornice witli broken pediment, with vase and Huon pine dental and frieze, corresponding exactly as regards details with the wardrobe. The washstand has a high-framed blackwood moulded back, enclosing Minton's patent enamelled tiles, decorated with a splendidly hand- painted design in the Renaissance style. Above and in the centre of the back is a bevelled arch-ended shaving glass on universal movements, and enclosed In a massively moulded blackwood frame, with four Huon pine spandrels. On each side of the sharing glass is a shelf with quadrant ends; the centre is surmounted with the same cornice as the dressing table. The above leaves by steamer to-day for Mel bourne, and will no doubt considerably enhance our Tasmanian Court. The Weather.— We are glad to chronicle a heavy fall of rain, which will prove most acceptable to the country generally, and almost inestimably valuable to the growing crops. On Saturday the weather was exceedingly fine, but about 11 o'clock at' night a thoroughly soaking rain set in, and continued to fall very heavily until about 11 o'clock yesterday forenoon, when it ceased for a wliile. During the afternoon slight showers fell at brief intervals, but about 8 o'clock last evening heavy rain again set in for an hour or. ijro, and although during the later portion of the evening it had partially ceased, still as we went to press the weather remained in an unsettled state. As will be seen by our telegrams elsewhere, the downpour has been pretty general throughout the colony ; at the 'North-West Coast especially it has been accompanied by heavy storms/while at the Leven, through it, there has .been a fatal accident. A telegram received from Avoca. last evening at half-past 6 o'clock gives'the height of the South Esk River as 13ft. Six Hours' Walking Match. — The contest between -the two well - known walkers of Tasmania, Smith and Digney, takes place to-night, at the Skating Rink, and is to decide who is to hold the title 'of champion of Tasmania. Both men are well known in the pedestrian world, and have met on several occasions, and, to-night's match being a private wager for a stake of £20 will no doubt be the result of the visitors seeing a good struggle. Both men have been in active training for this event, and each is confident of -winning. The man agement of the match has been, by both men, placed in the hands of the proprietor of the rink (Mr Hook), who will have everything prepared for the comfort of the competitors and visitors, lie walk will commence at 5 o'clock and will finish at 11 o'cloek in the evening. ' Home's Band will play selection! during tkeevminf to enliven the proceedings. Deloraine Amatbcr Burlesque So ciety: — In another column will be found the announcement that at the Library Hall, Westbury, on Friday, September 28, the Deloraine Amateur Burlesque Society in tend to produce Byron's unrivalled comedy ' Our Boys.' The proceeds are in aid of a charitable object, and as the society con tains amongst its members a good deal of dramatic power and natural ability for the stage, tlie_ hall should be closely packed on the occasion of the entertainment. The Late Mr G. Wetmouth. — Yester- day morning and evening the Rev. W. Law, during the course. of his sermons at Christ Church, made kindly reference to the late Mr George Weymouth, who was a leading member of that church. The texts were as follow Morning, Revelation, 5th ohaptsr, II th to 14th verses: evening Lamentations, 3rd . chapter, 22nd verse.' The 'Dead March. in Saul' was played morning and evening by Miss Frost, the organist of the church. A Correction. — From a letter which appears in another column, it will be sefen that no unnecessary delay has occurred in the payment of the poliey due to the widow of the late Mr Potts, of Frankford by the New Zealand Accident Company The manager of the company settled the claim with Messrs. Giimore and Clarke solicitors, of .Launceston, on Wednesday last, and the firm communicated the 'fact immediately to Mrs. Potts. Our Frankford correspondent was unaware of this fact when stating that the delay had occurred Lbcthbes on Prophecy.—1 The third of the course of lectures on prophetic subjects, by an evangelist of the Catholic Apostolic Church, was delivered in the class-room of the Mechanics' Institute yesterday evening, the subject being ' Messiah : The incarna tion bf the Son of God, resulting in tin spiritual commencement of the Kingdom of God on the Day of Pentecost.' Tin lecturer briefly referred to the two formei lectures, in the first of which the dispensa tions of God s grace, a revealed in Scripture: and in the second the dispensations of Ili? providence, as foretold in Scripture ; both alike leading up to the mystery of incar nation, had been severally (to some extent': traced out. He then proceeded to read at length the several Messianic prophecies oi the Old testament, upon which the Jewish people had built their hopes of Messiah, and which had been and ware being ful filled is Christ and His Church. The doctrine of the Incarnation, as set forth in the first cbapter of St. John's Gospel, waf then expounded as revealing God manifest in the flesh— Jesus Christ, very man and very God. The lecturer next proceeded to show that the revelation of Jesus Christ at the, Son of God,.and of the Holy Ghost as the Spirit of the Father and of the Son, resulted in that larger revelation of the nature of God proper to the Christian Dispensation, which was not attained to under the Jewish economy, whereby the same one God (Jehovah) of the old dispensation, is revealed os subsistinp in Three Persons, co-eternal together and co-equal. Proceeding, then, to consider the office of Jesus Christ as the one mediator between God and man, the lecturer went on to explain the two func tions of mediatossbip— First, atonement, or the reconciliation of God to man ; and second, the preaching of the Gospel for tlii reconciling of mail to God ; and to show that from the success of the ministry oi mediatorship flowed the regeneration and the organisation of the new creation, the kingdom of heaven, first in a hidden mystery, by the presence of the Holy Ghost in the hearts and spirits of those who are joined to Christ, and ultimately in its manifested form by the visible revelation of the kingdom of Christ at His second coming. The lecturer then pointed out that this kingdom of God (in a mystery) commenced when the Holy Ghost descended on the Day of Pentecost, and drew attention to the unity of the Church then, to its subse quent loss, and to the absolute necessity for its restoration before the Church can adequately fulfil her functions as a fellow worker with Christ in both phases of mediatorship. For, although the atone ment, or reconciling of God to man, was wholly fulfilled by Christ, yet the Church is called upon continually to plead the merits of that atonement before God, and to take part with Christ in His present ministry of intercession, as well as to preach the Gospel for the reconciling of man to God. The subject for the leeture on Sunday evening next was announced to be ' The Seven Epistles to the Churches in Asia, and the Seven Seals_ as they demonstrate, from two points of view, the spiritual history of the Church from the beginning to the end of the Christian dispensation.' Chubch of Apostles.— At the 11 o'clock - mass yesterday, the Very Rev. Dean Beecliinor announced that a special service, ordered by the Pope, would be held throughout the Universal Church next Sunday for the suffering souls in Purga tory. At the Church of the Apostles the ceremonies will be conducted with unusual display. A requiem high mass will be sung at 11 o'clock. Gospel Teltpebance Meeting. — On Saturday evening - last the usual weekly Gospel Temperance meeting was held in the Temperance Hall, York-street. A very large audience was present, showing un mistakeably that these Saturday night meetings are growing rapidly into popu larity. The Rev. W. l'resley occupied the chair, and delivered a truly excellent address. During the evening frequent ad dresses on the benefits of total abstinence were also delivered by Messrs. J. Piper and M. T. Cheek. The remainder of the evening was likewise enjoyably spent in songs and recitations, Mr Forward, jun., ably presid ing at the cabinet organ. Two Aubests. — On Saturday evening Sub-Inspector Green and Sergeant White arrested two men, named respectively Enoch Walkenden and Alfred Woods, the ®ne at his lodgings in Wellington-street, and the other in Cimitiere-street. They are charged with stealing carpenters' tools, including several planes. The accused had sold -some of the stolen property, but for some articles in possession of the police no owners have yet been found. The two men in cust-ody will be brought before the Police Court this morning to answer to the charge. Academy of Music. — In connection with the entertainment to be given at the Academy of Music to-morrow evening, we omitted to mention the Maypole dance, a new dialogue, and songs, including ' Let me like a soldier fall,' which will be intro duced in the children's operetta, ' Queen of the Seasons.' Messrs. Castley Brothers will receive any flowers or ferns for the adornment of the stage. Launceston Police Couht.— The onlv case before Mr G. W. Waterhouse, P.M., on Saturday was a charge ' against Susan ' Carroll of using obscene language in Eliza beth-street on the preceding evening. The accused pleaded guilty, and was fined 1.5s, in default 14 days' imprisonment. Chudleigh Railway. — Work was com menced on this line on Monday last, and between 40 and 50 men are employed grabbing, falling, and clearing away timber. Mr Duffy, the contractor, and his officers are at present staying at O'Meara's Hotel, Red Hills, as are aiso a great number of the workmen. The place is all bustle and life, and reminds one of what the Red Hills used to be in the good old days. RiNGrAUOOMA. — Our Ringarooma corres pondent writes under date Thursday:— The Ringarooma Temperance Society held their usual monthly meeting last evening, the night being beautifully fine, and a fair audience assembled. The Rev. Tregear presided, and as usual a good pro°Tamme was gone through with credit to all those taking part. Songs, solos, and duets were rendered by Misses A. and ,C. Clark, Smith, and Mrs Perry, the Rev. C. Tregear, Mr Apted, and Mr Perry, who also most ably presided at the piano; recitations by j Whitmore and Miss E. Bennett. The chair man spoke ably on the objects of the Band of Hope, the subject of his address being, ' Train a child in the way he should go, and' when he is old he will not depart from it After a very pressing imitation to those present to join the society, the meeting closed fey the chairman pronouncing the benediction. Slight Outbreak of Fibe. — At the new coffee palace buildings, now in course of erection in Charles- street, there were j yesterday lying several bags of lime, and the heavy ram whieh fell during the day caused one or two of them to take fire. -This fortunately, however, was speedily noticed by a passer-by, and the burning bags having been immediately removed, tlie damSge of course was reduced to a mini- I mum. Propose ? Canadian - Austhamajt Caxle. — Correspondence relative to the laying of a telegraphic cable between oanaaa ana Australia, and to a preliminary survey having that object in view, ? was laid on the table of the Victorian Le°i-=la- tive Council on Tuesday (says the Aram), upon the motion of Mr Service. About a month ago Mr Gillies wrote to the Premiers of the other Australasian colonies en quiring whether the colonies were willing to contribute to the cost of the proposed survey of the Pacific cable route, as pro posed by the resolution of the Sydney Postal Conference. The Treasurer of Tas mania, in his reply, said that he thought it very undesirable that. Great Britain should be relieved of her -equitable obligation to share the cost of such a work, and advised e further appeal to the Imperial Govern ment. to facilitate the survey, and bear a fair share of the cost. On the llth jnPt. Mr Gillies wrote to the Tasmanian Govern ment, urging a reconsideration of the question. Sir Malcolm Fraser, Colonial Secretary of Western Australia, wrote on the 4th inst., desiring to learn the nature of the replies received from the other colonies, before giving a definite answer to Mr Gillies' request. The Premier of Queens land replied to the effect that his Govern ment was now prepared to contribute to- i wards the cost of the undertaking. The Premier of South Australia wn-otp on (lie ' 121 h inst., stating that that (invniincnt ? did not propose to contribute towards the cost of the propved survey. 'Rough on Itch.'—' « Rough on ]tc)l . cures skin humors, eruptions, ring worm i tetter, salt rheum, frosted feet, chilblains itch, ivy poi6on, barber's itch. Abchbishop Muiipht. — Many of your * readers (writes a correspondent of the Bris liane Courier ) who are acquainted per sonally or by fame with Dr. Murphy, of ilohart , must have read with pleasure the ( 'elegram which appeared lately in your '.olumiis announcing that he bad beeli raised to the archiepiscopal dignity. They ! -s-ill be glad to learn further that, though ; 'he pontifical bulls have not yet reached Tasmania, our telegram is confirmed by a ; letter which the venerable prelate has re- 1 eeived from Cardinal -S oran, dited 19tli July. His Eminence stated that the dignity had been conferred in accordance with a | petition from the Archbishops and Bishops i ui Australia, as wen as oi me Clergy 01 uie diocese of Hobart, and expresses a hope ! that in returning to the colonies he may be the bearer of the paliiiiir! to' the new Arch bishop. To those who Itnovr cnytliirig of Dr. Murphy it will be unnecessary to say that telegrams and letters of congratulation ire pouring in upon his Grace, not alone from his own colony and his own flock, but from almost every part of the world, and from friends whom he has made for himself in almost every religious denomination. For he who is now the first Archbishop of Hobart is no ordinary rcan. He belongs to ! a family celebrated in the annals -3f his Church for t he learning and sanctity of its members, bo i-.ther probably, in Ireland, hav ing given so many accomplished sons to the iltar, and so many devoted daughters to the cloister. His brother, the late Dr. Denis Murphy, was considered one of the most brilliant scholars and profound theologians of has day. One of his sisters was the foundress of the Presentation Convent, Hobart, and ruled that institution with conspicuous wisdom for many years up to the time of her death. One of his nephews is the present Dean of Launceston, whose visit to this city some few years asto left many pleasing recollections of his eloquence and genial disposition amongst us ; another is an able and bard working priest who did good service in Hobart, and who has lately travelled and lectured over Europe and America, oollecting funds for the cathedral of that city— a mission in which he has been eminently successful. The new Arch bishop himself has had a most distinguished career, having been consecrated a Bishop before he had attained his thirtieth year, nis earliest episcopal labors were in India, where he won the highest esteerii and veneration, not only of liis co -religionists, but of all — Protestant, Mahometan, or Hindoo — with whom he came in* contact. Within the last few months he has cele brated the fiftieth y^ir of his priesthood, and the Holy See lias most, appropriately crowned this long half century of noble service by the hi:»'i and well-merited reward conferred in the year of his sacerdotal jubilee. Nelson Dp.fe.itkd by Seable. — Great interest was excited in the sculling contest for £200 a-si'le between Christian Nelson, of Sydney, and II. Searle, of the Clarence River, which was rowed over the Parra matta -championship course on Saturday afternoon (says the Argus). The two steamers which followed the race were crowded, and large numbers witnessed the contest from the banks of the river. The betting before the s* art was 2 to 1 on Searle, who fully justified the confidence of his friends by winning easily. The race was rowed on an ebb tide, but against a strong breeze. Searle scaled list 61b, and Nelson lOst II lb, and both men looked in splendii condition. The men started by mutual consent, Nelson, if anything, having the advantage. The pace for the first 100 yards was terrific, both scullers sfriking 44. At 200 yards from the start Searle com menced to draw ahead, and although Nelson rowed pluclrily and well, he could not again come up to his opponent, who, after passing the half-mile point, had the race well in hand. At the mile point, ! which was passed in 6min, Searle was two ! lengths and a half ahead, and, gradually increasing his advantage, he won easily by five lengths, the time being 21min 34|sec. Searle, who rowed with great freedom and dash, highly pleased the spectators, and offers were made immediately after the race to match him against Hanlan for a substantial stake. Nelson rowed well, but was*overmatched. Australia feosi a Canadian s Point of Yiew. — Principal Grant, of Queen's Uni versity, Kingston, Canada, delivered a lecture on ' Australia, from a Canadian's point of view,' at the Y.M.C.A. Rooms, Sydney, on the 15th instant. In the course of his address, Principal Giant said it had seemed to Mm that the fanatical crusade against the Chinese by the working men, the light beartedness with which they went into a strike, and the intolerance in some of the recent legislation, indicated pride and law lessness, and a determination on the part of one class to tyrannise over society. If it were so it must mean, he feared, civil war, and that not far off. He had been told that this was due to climate ; that a strike was a most delightful thing, for the men made good wages and wanted to enjoy themselves. Again, he had found in Mel bourne and Sydney a certain amount of larrikinism, which seemed to him to indi cate an absence of manhood, a lack of chi valry and reverence to theold. There seemed to be less love for study or less intellectual curiosity among Australians than amongst Canadians, Americans, and Germans. He hoped to see Australia united as Canada was, without the petty fiscal differences between the different co'lonies. The effect of union in Canada had been of great good, especially from a national standpoint. Members of the Launceston Homing Pigeon Match are reminded that the entries for the Campbell Town race close to-morrow night, at 8 o'clock. Tlie Lodge of Perfect Unanimity, 630, S.C., meets at 7*30 p.m. to-day. The programme of the Evandale Plough ing Association, to be held on the 28th inst., is advertised in another column. The Fox Terrier Coursing Club will meet on Saturday sext, entries for which will close on Wednesday evening, 26th inst. Proceedings will be taken by the Booby alla Road Trust to recover all rates unpaid after the 30th inst. That dire disease, whose ruthless power Withers the beauty's transient flower, Can be nipped in the bud bv a few doses of Daily's Liver and Blood Mixture. Keep it in the house. It may save valuable lives ' Buchu-Paiha.' — Quick, complete cure all annoying kidney, bladder, and urinary . diseases. At chemists and druggists, Feltor Grimwade and Co., Agents, Mel bourne, (4 Wells' Hath. Balsam. — If grey, restore to the original oolor. An elejjant dressing, softens and beautifies. No oil nor grease. A tonic restorative. Stops hair coming out, strengthens, cleanses, heals scalp. (4 