I*: A Visit to Sarah Bernhardt. SB F. 0. PHILIPS. It is New Year's Eve, and the curtain' has just fallen on the fourth act of " La Tosca," I -at'the-Port St. Martin 'Theatre. The Tosca I has %sstabbed -the villain Scarpia, who has I sunk to the floor, mortally wounded. Scarpia ' is a great .cleric; the Tosca, like mosti Italians, is very devout, .and, as the eminent I churchman's spirit passes away, she takes I from the wall a large cruc;fix, lays it on the 1 dead man's breast, and then places a lighted candle on eitherside of him. The actbeing I over, I went, by invitation, to Madame -Bernhardt's loge, an elderly lady !preceding i Sme ani ; ifenring. the box "about the same, mcment. Sarah Bernhardt was stretched \- out on a chair, the. embodiment, sot so much of an eihausted woman, as of one from whom I every vestige of energy and every spark of I vital force had vanished. As the tragedienne, a <<:then, leant back in her big fautenil, three of helr maids were doing their utmost to " bring 1 her round ;" one was bathing Madame Bern hardt's head, another chafing her hands, and a third trying to pour some hot bouillon down her throat. I was watching this I strange scene with the greatest interest, I when the elderly lady whom I had noticed startled us almost out of our wits by suddenly l exclaiming in agonising accents, " Oh, my darling, you've- been overdoing it I You're i killing yourself I You must really not work so hard. Eight performances a week I You 1 must take a rest, ma clerie." And all this in a breath, without giving Sarah Bern- J hardt the ghost of a chance of getting in a word of expostulation, even edgewise i In a concluding burst the old lady remarked, in t a tone of utmost concern and of -even pat. ronising cordiality-I" E.E bie ; I won't keep t you waiting any longer. I'll ro back to my a place. Good-bye, dearest I" kissed the s Tosca on both: cheeks; and departed. No I sooner had the door of the box closed on this q gushing dame than Sarah, exhausted as she C was, gathered all her -lowly returning energy ' together, leapt to her feet, a;:d, exasperated at what had happened, shrieked " Quelle est I c Bettefemme ? ` Je ne ?lai jamais vue--jamais,' jamais I" It Ras certainly one of the most I amusing things I ever saw. I may mention - that during the short time I was in Madame 1 Bernhardt's loge, a sheaf of telegrams arrived -one of them from a -distinguished London : editor-wishing the tragedienne une bonne i annee. :. The next afternoon I went to make a call s upon -Madame Sarah, at her hotel, Boulevard I \- Pereire No. 56.The door was opened by agi- I gantic man-servant, standing some six feet six c -a Patagonian or Brazilian, I imagine, whom a Sarah had brought back from" South America on her return from the tour which caused so ; -. much talk... The salon into which I was r -i ushered -I by this functionary is :deserving a a more detailed descrip'ion than I can enter 1 upon here; but I will sketch -its salient ' points. Over the mantlepir ce is a large life- t size drawing of Maurice Bernhardt, Sarah's 1 recently married son, by whose side is a C :big dog, magnificently painted. There are I 1 no windows to the room, all the light coming a Sin.from the top, as in an artist's studio. On 1 the left, as you enter this characteristic c room, is a life-size figure in clay, on which 1 Sarah Berhbardt was working as often as she could snatch an hour from her busy day. r A' striking feature of the room is a large t divan. covered with furs, standing to the c right of the low hearth, on which a glorious s \-- fire of pine logs was blazing and filling, the t rodom with the fragrant odour which some* how you never notice outside a Frenchi hoiise. Any number of flowers were scattered about, and some enormous wreaths or couronnes, recently presented to the great artiste by enthusiastic admirers of the theatre. Here and there you see a variety \--of curious figures and bizarre knicknacks, some of the results of the South American, towrnee. The comble of eccentricity is to' be found in the far corner of the room, in the shape of a huge cage, rising from the floor to the ceiling, containing Sarah's young lions; 3 -When I had somewhat recovered fromi my \- first feelings of surprise at this singular development of room decoration, I approached \- - the cage wherein " Tigrette," Madame Bern bardt's tigress, was formerly confined. and which now was tenanted by a leonine brooda, and stood looking intently at their gambols not however, I am free to confess, without Smany inward tremors and quakings of spirit, for the bars of the cage seemed very alight,and : I recollected having been told by Bidel, the Sfamous dompteur, that the large earnivora Swhen reared in captivity are far more dan gerous than their wild brethren. '!"Are :they quiet? "I asked. "Oh, yes," answered the Patagonian Hercules-"veryquiet, especially Scarpia." Thus emboldened, I stretched out my hand to pat Scarpia's head, and was rei warded for my temerity by a snap -which made me jump backwards with the agility of. a pantomimist. " I thought you saidi they. were very quiet ?" I observed to the Pata, gonian, who was smiling, enjoying the scene- "Oh, yes, sir, so they are-all ivery, quiet.< That was only his play when he'grabbed at Monsieur. So saying, and leaving it to me to believe at much or as little of it as I chose, he left the room, returning in about' a quarter of an hour with a great bowl of milk. .To unfasten the cage was the work of an instant, and before I could save myself by precipitate flight, the mad things were galloping all over the room, jumping from chair to divan and from divan to chair, dancing round me, crouching at my feet as though meditating" a spring at my throat, and then, to my inex-: pressible relief, dashing off again to the other end of the room, where the milk was waiting forthem. Madame not appearing, I took ad vantage of a favourable moment to place the Ssalon door between myself and these.pretty? creatures, which I admired in exact propor tion to the distance which separated us. When I called again in the Boulevard Pere ire a few days afterwards, I founiid thiat:the Slions had been removed, and their places Staken by between two and three hundred birds, whose warblings and chatterings made it almost impossible to hear yourself speak. Sarah Bernhardt was this time chkz ell- sitting to an artist for her crayon portrait as the "Tosca." I had been asked to breakfast with the dica, and with me was Pierre Berton, who is not only an actor second to none, but a brilliant scholar; and I animareful to mention this eminent man because I believe that he will accompany Sarah Bernhardt to London this summer and continue to play the leading part in "La Tosca" at the Lyceum. It was M. Berton who created the priicipal r6le hi "Dora," which had such a long 'un in Lon don in that admirable adaption of M. S-ar don's work, "'Diplomacy. - In the salle a manger I found, besides the invites; most of SMadame Bernhardt's clever dogs-eleven in number-which with seventeen servants com prise her little establishment. Of these can mine pets, two are greyhounds, one a Russian boarhound, another an Englisih terrier, and one or two Scotch collies. The miaitresse de ceans sits at the head of the table oni a raised chair, a kind of throne, and in her flowing r obes gives one the idea of a queen-a yoding sovereign, too, for even now she doesn't look more than fire-and-thirty at the very outside. The breakfast talk turning on the absurd sentence which had just been passed on M. Carvalho, the director of the ill-fated Opera Comique (who subsequently succesfully ap pealed against it), Sarah Bernhardt gave us a detailed and most amusing account of the :night when she herself was "burnt out " in the Rae COnaussee d'Antin several years ago. Shei was uninsured at the time, and- one Thursday received a visit from an agent of one of the companies who had brought her the necessary formal documents to sign-in factthe policy of insurance. "Oh," said Sarah, "I'm too busy to go into it to-day. Cll again, will you ? "-" Certainly, Mademoi selle, with pleasure. I'll come to-morrow to get your signature, which is now all that re mains to be done to complete the insurance." "What !" she exclaimed, "sign anything on a Friday ! Never in the world I I couldn't do such a thing! Come on Saturday morn ing, and I'll complete the matter." The next night the beautiful appartment in the Rue Chaussee d'Antin was burnt, and' With it every vestige of Sarah's property, while she hadd to pay 25;000 francs compensation for the damage done to the goods and chattels of the other locataires. She made us scream with laughter. as she told us in her inimitable manner of the rescue of her old grandmother, who then lived with her; how the vieille dame was carried down the burning stairs by a young gommeua in evening garb; who made her -bestride his" shoulders, albeit she wasgin the most complete deshabille; ,how little Maurice, her son, then about six, couldn't be persuaded that the fire was anything but a spectacle, got for his particular benefit, and how, clapping his hands with glee, he gaily demanded, as he was being carried away from the scene of the conflagration, " Qu'est ce que c'est' que ca, petite maman-un feu d'arti fce ?" It' was, as I have shown, anything but a case of "fireworks" for Sarah, who was, however, none the less determined to tell us the alpha and omeqa of it. Yet another story of this enfant gdte she told us. It wasthe morning of his birthday, a few days after the fire, and with the first streak of dawn Maurice rushed into his mother's room, with "Bon jour, petite mamnan! Aujourdt'hui j'ai six ans, nest ee pas?" " Oui, mons flus." . " El bien, o soet mes- six ans? Je veux mres six ans ! Donnez-inoi ines si ans !" " Finding it im possible to explain matters to him," added Sarah, " and as he was making enough noise for a dozen children, I took him up in my arms and-" Well, you will imagine what happened when I tell you that Madame Sarah finished the sentence by an expressive bit of pantomime consisting of three sound ing slaps of the hands. It pleases Sarah Bernhardt to be told that she is getting stouter, as she undoubtedly is. Those who know the singular charm :.f? her manner Will not require any assurance con cerning it on my part; those who are un acquainted with Madame Bernhardt would hardly realise her gaiety and her -winning ways by reading any words of mine. She is richly dowered with tact, and makes you go away with the gratifying idea that your visit has not only conferred the greatest possible amount of pleasure upon her, but has been the one solitary thing for which -she has longed and which is to her as the oasis in the desert is to the weary iraveller. Sarah Bern. hardt likes to hear all about the London actresses, speaks in very flattering terms of Mrs. Bernard-Beere's talent, and perhaps in quires what our leadinghistrions make a year by the exercise of their art. She herself gets 1500 francs (£60) for each' representation. As, including the matine3, there are eight performances in a week, that comes o the respectable figure of £180 par semaine. Not so bad as times go, even for the leading tragedienne of the century. 