! THE THEATRES At the Theatre Royal Ml®a Cunlo Swaia's loaaon has opened auspicioMBly, "Tho •Tom boy.'-' will of course be continued. dttriog the Wdek and seems likely to draw crowded bouses. A revival of Shakcsnerian drama is always welcome and very special iuterest will there fore attach to to-night's production at Her Majesty's Theatre. " Hamlet" husbcen chosou with a view to introduce for the first time to an Australian audience Mr. George C. Mlln, au actor of reputation frbm America, whose "Hamlet" will be awaited with the most hope ful anticipations. Mr. Miln brings with him Miss Louise Jordan, who will also make her ddbut in Sydney, playing the part of Ophelia. New scenery by Messrs. Little and Clint and the- , ample stage of Her Majesty's will give dignitv to the staging, whilst the following cast speak® for itnelf Claudius, Mr. II. It. Jewott ; Ghost of King Hamlet, Mr. Chas. Hall ; Polontus, Mr. Stirling AVihyte; Lnertcs, Mr. Walter Howe; Horatio. 11 r. J. W. Hazlitt: Rosencrantz, Mr. F.iiwaru "Vincent ; Guildenstcro, Mr. C. B. Westmacott ; Osric, Mr.. Edward Funetou ; Murcellus, Mr. Guyton Heath ; Bcroardo, Mr. Frank Harcourt; First Player, Mr. A. L. Isaacson ; Second Player, Mr..Ta)ino ; First Graved igger, Mr. J. R. Groville; Second Gravedigger, Mr. Joe Tolano Priest, Mr. J. W. Sweeney ; Ophelia, Miss Louise Jordan; Gertrude, Miss Emily Fitzrov ; Player Queen, Miss Athena Claudius. At the Criterion Theatre an eotirely new three-ct comedy, drain a by George Ralph Walker will be produbed for the first time in Bydney under the title of " Coming Home, or " Scissors to Grind." The music incidental to the piece haR been f p icially composed hy M, Isidore do Sala, and new scenery has been painted for the occasion by Mr. W. B. Bpong. The piece, has proved a favorite iu Mel bourne and elsewhere, aud has been care fully cast under tbo direction of 3. Mr. Gfeorge' Leitcb, as followa Joe Stammer®, a tinker, Mr. George Leitch ; Tom Stammers, a merchant, Mr. J. F. Cathcurt; Ted Bluff, a blacksmith, Mr. A. It. Lawrence ? Lord Harry Tdmplemorc, Mr. R. Owen Harris ; Mr. Hack ate, a Solicitor, Mr. K. A. Vernon; James, Mr. Mhssou ; Eleanor Stammers, Miss Myra Kemble ; Mrs. Eglantine Stammers, Mips Ida Herbert ; Nelly Stammers, Miss lirenda Gibson ; Finnette', m French maid, Mis® Nellie Martyne. The Hicka-Sawyer Minstrels closed their season at the Opera House last night before a large audience. The company has beeu well received here and will doubtless be welcomed should they roturu to Sydney. At the Royal Standard Theatre "Master and Man, or the Coal Strike " has attracted appre ciative audiences during the week, aud will accordingly be continued until good house® begin to abate. The afterpiece, "Bamboozling," bus proved a laughable trtfie aud will 6 till be included in the bill. 