A MINER'S MILLION. CH&WER; XL AFAOI 9<B0k 3HC7AST. : BY J. MONK FOSTER, Author of " CarchasterfrVengeance,' " For Lore and Gold," " A Boot Ma#s Tragedy," Ac. , (ALL BIGHTS "KSERTEO.L So beantiful and'i faaoginattng Lady Ruth waa married atlast,.aid ber,husband almost came np to her expectaliioi^s. Good looking, very wealthy, and not r>ld, Wilson Gray satisfied her ladyship in every respect save one, and MB solitary deficiency did not cause her any great uneasiness, for her knowledge of the world and great, intelligence .told her that very seldom indeed do women win husbands who come up to their ideals in every respeot. From the moment that Lady Ruth waa introduced to Wilson she resolved to marry him. He had never broken the cold crust of worldllness in which her heart was imbedded as a diamond is pent in a shell of common earth; but marriage with him promised her a life of refinement and luxury, rich jewels and splendid costumes, without which things she could not imagine any life worth living. Lady Ruth had thrown aside Walter Gray deliberately, yet not without much regret. She was eorry for Walter's sake, and her own also, that his oousln had come baok. Considering the matter shortly after meeting Wilson Gray she thought how pleasant it would have been could she have had the man ahe loved, and (the good things that wealth brings also. How foolish her lover was to throw away a fortune, and thus force her to reject him. At .this period Ruth Gordon's lore for Walter Gray must have been but a delicate, dwarfish passion, for it permitted her without a struggle to give himnp and wed his cousin because of his fortune. With her love was not more than life—not even more than a life of splendid indolence. Those who have felt the look of affection hunger for lore, just as those who have felt want's keen tootn hunger for riches; and BO it was with Ruth Gordan. Poverty had been tbe ghost of her childhood, youth, and womanhood, and ahe hated the foul thing with a bitter hatred. Lack of gold had bred a love of it, and the possession of riches might set her athirst for affection's sweet diaught. Wilson Gray's wild youth, had dsbarred him from making the routine tour of the Continent, and he resolved to do BO during his honeymoon. To this idea Lady Ruth accorded a full oonBent, and the newly married pair visited the beauty spots of Europe. They spent a delightful week in Venice, the city of bridges and ruined palaceB, wherein Shakspeare lays the scene of more than one of his plays. They visited Athens and Rome, arouna whioh BO many classic memories cluster, and all this afforded a splendid opportunity to Lady Ruth of exhuming her classic lore. Lady Ruth had been to the Empire City half a dozen times at least; ehe was familiar with all its antiquities, and actings as cicerone, she pointed out the strip of pavement sole remnant of Titus' Baths; the plinths of the two columns now remaining of the portico of Nero's Golden House; the Temple of Venus; the Arch of Titus, where the best of Rome's emperors may be seen on an eagle rising to heaven, and they watohed the superstitions Roman mothers bring their babes to the shrine of Sto Tho Solo. Wilson Gray waa very happy at this time. The easy luxurious life he was leading lulled conscience to sleep, and the glamour of his beautiful wife's presence lifted him Above the past with its follies, troubles, and pennnoiuneBB. And Lady Ruth was almost happy also. Wed to a man who loved her well enough to gratify every desire to which she gave expression, the first months of married life seemed pleasant indeed. Not eo thrillingly sweet aa the yonng girl's who has married lor love alone, but still eweet enough to please eroeedingly. She who had felt the damning touoh of email means all her life, and had been oarsed with a strong wish for these things whioh wealth alone can purchase, now found herself able to minister to each whim as it arose. If Lady Ruth did not love Wilson Gray he never, dreamt of such a thin?. Handsome etill, and as vain of Ids - good looks ,tuidi distinguished manner as he had. been inyOuth, he celt certain thxt his. wife adored him.. He told himself with an inward glow of. aafisfao tfon that he had eubdued Ruth's iie^rr and won her Bffeotion the first time tfaejrinetion Etretat's rough beach. Their -tnarriage was quite a romantia affair—a pan love-at-first sight event. Could not be otherwise or; an Earl's daughter had not stooped to ajcommonei like himself. ' - Lady-Ruth was fully aware- thiri&er; hus band'cherished theee illusions, and ehe flid what ahe could to foster them. 'Tis eo eaty for • woman, «si*oially a beautiful one, to simulate aSeotion. Acoord with *one's likes and (Qdikes;«oft words lowly Bpoken; quick glad glances from bright, lovely eyes ; caressing touches of a Uttle warm, wMteaoft hand that thrill the reclDient, and the thing Is done. There are tricks in all tradesj and even tbe gentle-craft of love is not ..without them. ... Without an-efibrt Lady Ruth did all that a loving spouse xiould desire. If she did not love Wilson she was grateful to him for lifting her above her previous shabby titled gentility, and gratitude is .nearer to love than even pity is, though certain great writers aver the opposite. Whilst their honeymoon was young Wilson and his wife reoeived glad news. In: a well which Walter. Gray had ordered to be sunk for the Aldayne viUagets a valuable seam of ocal had. been found, and' already several mining capitalists had mads offers for the ccaL - Further boring in the well discovered more oosl Beams, and Mr. Joaiah Jellie, Wilson's steward,calculatedthat the Aldayne estate was enriched to the extent of a couple of hundred thousand pounds by the discovery. Knowing that large fortunes were to be made ont of coal mines, WilBon resolved to work the mines himself rather than let ior sell them. Having full confidence in his agent's fidelity and business tact, he advised Jellie to engage a clever mining engineer to supervise the sinking of shafts to the ooal, ana all else necessary. He was -advised by Lady Ruth to particularly state that the pits were to be sunk as far as possible from Aldayne Priory, BO that the nne old. place would not be deteriorated by their existence. This fresh accession of wealth caused Wilson and his wife to stay in Rome longer, acd live even more magnificently than before. They spent the winter in the classic city, returning to Aldayne Priory in the summer of the following year. Wilson felt better satisfied with the world and himself than he had done for many years, and he contemplated their return to England with pleasure. In the quietness of Aldayne Priory he would have his beautiful wife to himself, and abroad she was always surrounded by distinguished men attracted by her euperb beauty. After a strange, wild, hard, adventurous career, Wilson intended to settle down into a respectable country gentleman, lu his earlier days he had often wondered how men could Buffer themselves to be tied down to some quiet, out-of-the-world spot, and now he realized for the firBt time that he would be satisfied to let life drift by at Aldayne Priory, his Bole-companion hie charming wife. There waa another reason why WQBon Gray and her ladyship should leave the Continent at tbe time when it was most attractive. An important family event was xpected before antumn, and Lady Ruth was aturally desirous that her accouohement hould take place at Aldayne rather than in n hotel abroad. So they returned to England, and each of hem wondered at the changes that had taken lace since -they left it a year or nearly so efore. -Lady Ruth left London to get away rom the gossip caused by her matrimonial ontretemps; had fled with her dlBoreet other to a quiet French watering-place; nd then circumstance, taking the form of llness, drove the new owner of Aldayne riory to her feet, and she had graciously ermitted him to many her. Strangely enough Wilson Gray had suceeded his cousin in love as well as in fortune, ut of the former fast Wilson was still unonscious; nor was it probable that Lady uth would remove his ignorance on that oint. Very aoon after their introduction he had questioned Wilson adroitly concernng his cousin, and she learned that Walter ad not made his engagement known to his elative. Aldayne Priory, Aldayne village, and tbe ountry around were looking well, if not heir best. The lanes along which they rode rom the station were fresh and green, aB ere the flower-speckled fieldB behind them. he village houses looked trim and comortable, though each family in the hamlet ad to live on something under a pound a eek ; and the newly whitewashed farmouses seemed even more pretty than the illage cots. An afternoon sun was bathing the southestern side of the Priory in a bright flood f light, and the towering full foliaged trees, he green well-kept lawn, the flower-beds blaze with early flowers enhanced the eauty of the fine old pile, " By Jove ! Ruth, but the house looks ell," eald Wilson, as he helped her ladyship ut of the carriage. "I had no idea the lace wasBO pretty." " I think it simply perfect, Wilson. "It is, dear. My cousin showed his good aste in selecting such a place. Ttat bigeaved ivy which covers nearly all the front all is delicious. It would delight the very j p s h a w S ( w a c b d m t f c 1 3 a w mc C S l bo •onl of one of those esthetic fellows, wouldn't it!" "Twonld move to rapture too deep for words that long-haired individual we met at Athens, Who was continually treatiog us to' mon9lopues on the potency of the beautiful aa a civilising agenay," eaid Lady Ruth, smiling, "Yes, yes, I remember him, darling," ( langhed Wilson. > But I always imagined that he thought more of your beautiful self than of any other abstract idea. Don'f you think so. But let us go in. I am sure you' must be fatigned with your journey.: We will look round the Priory when you have rested your aelf." They passed in to the house, where a crowd of servants weloomed them, and after they had rested and refreshed themselves and removed the dust of travel from their clothes and persons, Wilson proudly showed his charming wife through the splendid plaoe that henoeforth was to be their home. " I used to wonder and sneer at my early aristocratic friends when they professed to love their anolent homes and acres; but now I understand the feelings that prompted them. I have begun to cherish a liking for the Priory already, Ruth." "Indeed, I trust that you will give me no cause to be jealous," said Ruth, archly. Wilson kissed his wife, and continued, " I can already fanoy the Priory filled with onr descendants." " You've a frnitfol imagination, Wilaon." "Yes, I have, Ruth. You seem to have given me a new lease of life. I have verified the Biblioal text, " Out of evil cometh good." " Why, how do you make that out T" " Oh, easily enough, my dear." " Do tell me. Wilaon." "W«B. if I had not fallen ill last year my physician would never have adviaedme to go to the Continent for a month or two, and then I should not have gone to Etretat, and have met, loved, woo'd, and won you there, aa I had the good luck to do." "I see, but still if you had not met meat Etretat yon would, almost certainly, have met me elsewhere." " But isnt it Btrange what trivial things produce great events ? About eighteen months aeo I was having a glass of ale in a beerhouse in Melbourne. I had no matches, so got a scrap of paper .to light my pipe, and on it I found the intelligence of my lather's death. After my father died nearly six years passed without my hearing of it. But for picking up that bit of paper I should probably be in Australia now, darling, far away from Aldayne Priory and your.oharzning self." "'A divinity doth shape our ends,' aays Shakspeare, and in your case it seems true, Wilson, doesn't it!" "It does, dear, and I am inolined to believe that it is ao; but, aa I waa about to remark a bit since when you interrupted me, I waa a terribly wild fellow a score of years ago, and an awful Radical ai welL Now. I have changed entirely. I tised to go In for Socialism and that sort of thing, but I like to think of the' Priory aa the partioular appanage of onr eldest son, Ruth, and his eldest son after him." " All'successFul men inoline to aristooratio Conservatism," laughed her ladyship: " And I am certainly a "nccessful one " " Where Is your kinsman, Mr. Gray!" said Ruth, turning the snbjeot. " Qb, he IB down in Lancashire, I suppose, busyat his collieries; Do you know him ?" " Yea, I am acquainted with him. I met him at Olaham Hall, Sir Wilton Halgh'o place, last year but one." " Walter is a splendid fellow. Only fancy his handing over the property to me aa he did.. I hadn't the slightest legal claim to my father's belongings, but he didn't consider that at alL He's a noble fellow. I'll ask him to spend a few weeks here in the autamn for the Bnobting, eh, Ruth !" "Certainly," answered Lady Ruth, but she did not relish the idea of meeting Walter Gray, and especially at Aldayne Priory. "1 halve often wondered what prompted my cousin to purchase an estate out of his native ahlre. Bat I am glad that he bohght the Priory. It does credit to his taste, doesn't it, darling?" But ~Ruth. vouchsafed no reply to her husband's'interrogation. She knew what prompted Walter Gray to purchase Aldayne Priory, but she did not toll Wiison, as the information might not have been satisfactory. She it was who Indnoed her husband's cousin to buy the Priory as their future home, and her conscience smote her as she remembered how basely ahe had treated him, ! I suppose, Wilson, you will be entering Parliament sow. You might oonteat this division of the county next election." "I dont think I will dear. I am quite contented to settle dowlas a country gentleman. I've not mnoh taste for polltioa." : " But you am quite young yet, Wilson, and I know yon are ambitious, and If you enter Parliament we oould have a: bouse 1 in Grosvenor-sqnare, or in Prlnoe's Gate, and that would be very nice and convenient ifor you.' 1 Shortly befora his return to England from Rome Wilson's agent had written -to him saying that the shafts were sunk hf had ordered, and ooal was belng ^Tought to the Bnrface. The pita had been tfuiUc'at ihe very edge «{ the Aldayne domain,' more' than a couple of miles from the Prlory,Jw?h the windows of whioh not a t m of Ahem could be seen, as half a mile of [lofty, well-,tinkered ground laybetween the pltsandthe houscL The opening -of mines olott ^ trf' Aldayne Village had stirred up the hamldt tO Budden life. New rowa of hohafis had aprnng up'for the miners who had flowed into the district, and aereraL shops and .beerhouses, all of whiph pleased Wilaon mnoh, for it meant io tnuoh.znore addition to Ms'ihcome. ' The morning folldwing thelr arrival at the Priory Wilson pressed liis wife to visit the pltojbut ahe declined on the plea of fatigue. So .Wilson resolved to go himself, .and kissing his wife tenderly, , he whistUd ia hfc dog, Ajax, a magnificent mastiff he had given many pounds for, and passed (rat of tho low window on to the lawn. The morn waa fine and warm,. and. the dog whisked joyously round his master's lege Wilson's previous stay at the _ Prjory had made him sufficiently acquainted-with'the country around to know where th'e pits jcrere. The path lay along deep, ehady old lanes, pleasant meadows, and Rreen^oornfieldi, and the bonn£ morning accorded well with Wilsons spirits. He waa contrasting the past with the present, and was - much satisfied thereby. After twenty years 'of hard, bitter experience he had drifted at last into a haven of peace, beauty, and plenty. A few fields' breadths ahead Wilson saw a tall chimney, from which there issued a thick column of black smoke, and he knew the pitc wereoloBe by. He was paying an nnoffioial visit to the pits, having informed neither his agent nor Mine Manager of his coming. It was a new sensation ior him to feel himself the employer of hundreds of men, and! the feeling was not an unpleasant one. After a quarter of a century of abject dependency, he found himaelf a big capitalist, a landowner —one with a stake in the country. A little further on Wilson met two colliers coming from the pits. His workmen, he thought, and aa he paased the grimy-faced miners he greeted them pleasantly with— T M A fine morning, lada. Done aoon, haven't you!" i "Too soon, mester, raytber," one of the men growled, "fur us to ha' getten anny V money." The other pitman spoke not, but stared at Wilson. Then sudden light came into : his O eyes, and he blurted out— k "Ah thowt ah knowed yo', yo're Bob Wilaon; han yo' fnrgeiten Sam Yates I" "And is it really you, Sam ? On my word, I did not know you with your blaok face. A white hand and a blaok one met. o " If a me sure enufij Bob," Sam said, as Wilson shook his old mate heartily by the hand. " Wheer han yo' bin aw this time, an' what are yo' doln'!" Wilson did not answer instantly. He was ust awaking to an ngly fact, BTe had been an ungrateful dog, and all along he had lumed himself on his open-handed generoity. " Ah e'pose yo' didn't get yo're fortin'. Bob? Thowt yo' wouldn't. Yo're reet, mon, ah know, but fortine is hard to get owdon," *' I got the fortune, Sam, and I'm the moat ungrateful wretch alive. Glad I've met you, for if a not too late yet. I suppose yon work t my collieries ?" " Yo're ?" pits stammered Sam. (To be continued 1 U T P W 