CORRESPON?DENCE MR. EADETT ON-NOTIIING.. \- TO THE EDITOR. SIm,-At first it was not my intention to answer Mr. Readett's last produEtio"n (I can't digiify it by the title of lette4s,: as-like all weak combatants-he has descended to self-praise and personali ties. Hie cannot either write cohe rently or--like the cuttlefish,. whnch injects some dark fluid into the water when closely pursued by an enemy-he usosthe ink-bottle to conceal argument, reason, and common sense. The only' three things I can understand from his production are that I was unsuc cessful in Parliamnent-oexpressed in his "balderdash" when he writes of my "subdued light which burnt so dimly within the portals of Macquario-street, and cast its melancholy halo around the forests of Wollombi." Then that he was defeated by Mr. Jacob by one vote, and then that my reason for:i writing was "joalousy." I will dis miss his reference to my Parliamentary career by saying that I spoke andt voted nWhon I thought it necessary in the interests of the country and. my constituency, and at other times main tained a "masterly silence,"-a thing 3 that foolish men cannot do, forget ting that "hollow vessels make most sound,'' andlike poor. Mrs.:Partington; who never opened her mouth without " pitting her foot in it." It is a pity Mr.. IReadett has not told us about his sscone candidature for Gloucester, when he got benighted and lost hi~s horse, and was conseqtently too late to address'the people from the hustings and "plank" down his £40. Per haps he will yet tell us the joke, and clear up the "Gloulcester mysteiy." Yet even this must' be eclipsed by his mysterious ' assertion that I am in fluenced by 'the green-oyed monster -jealoIsy';" 'he doesn't say jealous of him, but I suppose he means it. He is ever putting . his readeiS .oi flt'ib, hor's of ,a dilemma, and making us. guess his meaning. Poor boy! do , tell us what there is to be jealous about. I do not envy you ,your "serannel" politics, or your obscure 'letter writing, your defeat for Gloucester, your night in the bush;, or your furiny picture of " the five or six young children earning their daily bread at the wash-tub." I do not envy you your meritorious struggles to be admitted as a member of the profession, for I passed at the first try, and the youngest solicitor does not envy you your position in the legal ranks. I do not envy you the humiliating predicament you .were placed in at the Waratah police-court a few days back, when the Police Magistrate showed you the door and compelled you to apologise for an in-:: sulting remark 3 ou made to me. To' sum up, I amnot even jealous of your : personal. appearance, for I beliove I.. am as good-looking as you are. Now, in conclusion, let me say to Mr. Readott that this letter will end the controversy so far as I am Co0l cerncd, for I have something better to. do~ thlan I`- '"' 5tc" thiln nA,.· anAl ~tE at the ghosts of his arguments, and the indulgence in personalities is neither creditable to the -parties nor. interesting to the public.-I am, &c.;, J. A. GORRICK. " Nooroolhht,' April 4, !889, 