THE FIVE MB FYTTOHS. [?] \- ' fe - i1- .jt 4 JABOOSY. _ ..... , Here we all are eifcttineuin the lifcae dininR room— father, mother, Willte Beamish, ana L Willie and I wondered what the dickens we 11 do next. It is evening, or rather mght. fit has. r&ined; for days like a waterspout, and Willie and Ifaave done no aketcning He's down hero with me en a# visit. On 1 you've got to know hioa, that jovial creature, ; though he's always in debt, and always fear j ing its consequences. . . ; ! He'll sing you the bonniest eongs m the | rrorid and then show you bis etchings, which 1 are at strange variance with himself. . , H«'ll pall from a heap of studies a Church- j yard Scene,' black and bare ; a Skeleton yew- i tree, a broken-down cottage, and a ruinea church. And kas: with a Hght . in his eye. ne tells you the title, the Home of the Sexton, he takes up another, the 1 Suicide s Grave. He always keeps his favourite till the last. It is a river scene — midnight, Thero is ice on the river. There i show on the ice. The Bky is dark and ghastly. Tbs dark of the sky is repeated in the foreground by a single black 'hole in tfee white snow. Beneath is wri tea, evidently in the most fervid ecstasy > Where they found the-body.' ; Well,' tays Willie, at last, ' if the weather still keeps bad, J shall "wife to town for old SUncer, the model, and get on with my Fal- staff picture.' f , - Who's old iSlanter ?' savs my father. ' Oh, the best model in London for a bit of low comedy. Splendid. I've had him sit for a 14 Father Confessor' too ; but every now and then he looked bo sly, 1 fear the odour of sanctity was sadly wanting in my picture. The worst of the old fellow is he is rather fond of whiskey, and is not always to be depended on ' Th«n don't have him hese, says my mother, hastily. Oh ! h'll be all right. I'll get him a room in the village ; and if he doesn't keep sober I won't py him ' It turned out fine the next day, and though our sketching ground was - a long way off — some six miles— we trudged there every morning and back at night, ao<l.worked hard— -so hard that we got our studies of _ the old mere done long before we had anticipated. Willie Beamish, thought it as well to write for Now, I must tell you that this mere was in a deep wood, and a pretty awful- looking place it was. The water was perfectly smooth and black, and in places great green patches of etago&nt; weeds were rottiogun the Butface. At the northern end were a ruined boathouoe and a sluice-gate, surrounded by dead bull- rushes, which huug their poor brown h«»ds downwards to the water, all broken-necked and splintered. The ground rose at the back of the hoatbouse, from which ran what many years ago bad been a path, bat which was now covered with tangle up to 'Grey Shadows,' whose battered chimneys stood, as tbey had stood for centuries, motionless amidst the swaying trees. When, as we often did,, we, forced oar way through the tangle and looked up> at the house.; the sight was . sad and pathetic in the extreme.' ; And when those white doves that dwelt in the roof came and looked down upon ns from the ruined case ments, we often wondered if they were the spirits ef those who once, perchance, had lived there— happily or unhappily, ah, who shall sty? The place was in some degree looked after by an old man called Sheppard. He and hi wife lived in two of the lower rooms that were still fairly water-tight ; and many a queer story the old man told us. His chronology was carious. He had no notion of Anoo Domini, but dated ali bis facts by the collapse of those different portions of the building that had fallen about his head dnriog the seventy-two years of his occupancy. ' Oh, my darter 'Liza — her wasborned same week as the picter gallery roof came down, many a year ago. 'Er 'ave a growed up fam'ly now. Eh? 'ow long ev I been yer?— why, a war a bhoy when a corned first along o' my oncle, and it war wen 'e took I to see Jack Dunsdon hung as we come back in the evening, and vound that staircase down. - It were a litter, too, I do assure you. Yoa gent finds it pleasant here in zummer — but just come in the winter when they flo.de is out You'd come reck'ning to see a land Bcape, and you'd find a hocean.' The pictare gallery was a splendid room, with a rich oak parqueted floor, fairly intact. But, as the old man eaid, most of the elaborate plaster ceiling had fallen away. The walls still bore the marks made by the pictures that once had hung there. Ah ! where were those pictures now ? At the end of the room, in a niche between the two windows, was a clock. Its crooked and warped old hands marked half-past four It looked dowu upon the old room's desolation with the same equanimity that it had looked down upon its pride. It had tasted ruin with its master. and foe works which for go many ye&ra; had kept it going hd failed through the bottom ei the casa, and lay in rutty fragments en the floor. , ' Who did this place belong to ?' I said to . Sheppard one dav, . ' Belong to ? Why, war do 'ee come from ? Belong to. indeed! Why, to the Five Mr FtWcs, to be eure.' Of course, we gave the old man no rear, until, after much persuasion, he told us the etory of YTTB. JTIVE UB riTTONS. But I f am not going to bore vou with Sheppasd's vecnacuUr, ao start off in my own way Ic seams that the. Hon. Richard Fytton had died .about a. hundred and fifty' years back. He died suddenly, leaving three sons, and, hree months after his death, his wife died in eiviog birth to a fonrth son. 'Now the legend goes that in early life the H n. Riphfed bad not been strictly im- 1 maculate— in acfc, that: be had been quite the reverse One young lady, .with whom he had ; contracted a sort of Fleet marriaee, hod vowed, the day he deBertvd her ( hicb. by the- way, he did " immediately), to haunt him and his kindred for ever, .or until the l»stof trie line was extinct. He laukhed and left her, to m?rry a wealthy heiress— the owner "of Grey Sbadpws. All went well for many: years. As l have already told you, they hadionr sons, wfeen a hunting accident to .foe Hon. Richard deprived the sons of their father's protection. That night his t body was brought home on a shatter, and laid solemnly .on the state bed - At midnight 4 finger tapped the case- m-nt, a face jyas .pfeB uVon tlwglass, and a voice said : TheYimt Ma.Ftrrow.' ; i-.t _ » , » Yean went on. Three of the boys grew ij-to smlwart men, but the. last-horn always orifered or Intervals from a weakness of the heart. All weqt well with the boy» except- !rig that ihe younger one never played with his brothers. He was quiet and teeitUXQ, Thy called him Baby Charles. ' 'SSSBSisftSSl' "What" so natural as that Richard she should laugh at him ; that he 10 d©a nofetinn should ride home, after his second fe/uBal, across country, and, in attempting a ahor' cat by an arm of the merej shofild be like hi, fathe,',, we' laid npon the state bed, acd at midnight a fiDger tapped upon the cessment, a face R8,!5ecE!J the glass, and a voice said-: The Second Mb. Fytton.' . The next boy entered the "my- He enjoyed a distinguished career, ahd returned homo on leave for four years, owing to womida contracted while on service under Olive in India. . . ,.w , . He, too, saw Evelyn O Brien, and. like dib brother, loved her. She liked him, but whether her nature was capable of a pas sionate attachment is most uncertain. She played with bim, and cajoled him aB-she had done with his brother Richard, and as, she was beginning to do wifo his cousin James. This could not go on long uoperceived. A fearful qurr>l took place beeween the coueins. In a moment of frantic anger swords were drawn, and John Fytton fell by the hand of bis own kinsman. . His body, like his father s, was laid upon the state bed, and at midnight a finger tapped upon the-caeemeofi, a face was pressed upon the glass, and a voice said : The Thibd Mb. Fytton.' . . The end of the others is more mysterious. Hal, who at the death of his two elder brothers succeeds I to the property, fell, as his brothers had fallen, head over ears in Jove with Evelyn O'Brien, though she was two years his. senior. He simply lived at Velvet- hall ; that is, whenevei Evelyn did not drive him home — whieh she did in a fit of temper pretty often. Her father and mother so bowed to her wpl that her will was simply law with tbem. She ordered the world, and the world obeyed. Suitors she had many, and the scandal of the deaths of two brothers who had died for love of her only served to enhance ber fascination. She was gay and happy always, as long as the sun was shining ; but bitterly depressed if anything that annoyed ber crossed her path—capable of bestowing the utmost of the affection that lay at her command on the man or woman who gave ber everything she wished for ; and as capable of withdrawing it, and supplying its place with the utmost indifference, if the amount of bodily comfort to which she bad been accustomed fell short iu the smallest degree.. She liked Hal. He had money, a fine estate, a handsome person, and a sweet; gentlemanly manner— but she wanted more. She was one of those women who only love thoee they fear. And fear poor Zfel she did not. ' " « Amongst her other wooers was one who, though Tie seldom was' in her company, seemed, when he did come to Velvet-ball, to exercise a oeftain amount of influence over this wilful b-auty. Though he! was hut a delicate inan, in appearance almost effeminate, there was. something strangely masterful about him.' 1 Talented and fascinating ha was yet sxtteriiely trying, owing, to bis variable and ifritating temper. Never ; violent, be would at times say, with his slow smile, that meant so much, the bitterest things to Evelyn in the presence of others, which, strange to say, ehe received with comparative equa nimity. Had any other creature in tbe uni verse attempted to say one tithe of that be .ave utterance to, the regret would have lasted to his dying day, His name was , Lawrence Tanfield, Between bim and Henry Fytton a strong intimacy existed, for things had pot yet come to th&tpaes; when jealousy was likely to step in. Henry Fytton, in his open, boyish way, saw in his friend no rival, because be was his friend. What Tanfield thought, we know not ; but I suspect, . each was his belief in himself, and his quiet way of always carrying his point, that he felt if the day ever cme wheh he decided that he liked Evelyn Well enough to marry her, she would be hit". ' ' ' . ... I One evening in late autumn, Hal Fytton asked her to be his wife. She bad laughed at him and smiled on him so often that he thought his chance . secure. But she only shook her pretty head and said : 1 It could never be.' Three days later Lawrence Taufielfi xode over to VelvethalL He was in his own strange humour— caustic aud perverse ; but the news, whichhad somehow or other leaked out, that Evelyn bad refused his quondam friend, had brought his own affections to a crisis. That he loved her as some men wonld have loved, 1 doubt. That he would have stood calmly by aud seen hia rival take the prize out of his hand, I doubt still more. But thai any should suppose that, he .coald not have the very thing he asked for was au impossi bility .with Lawrence Tanfield. On arriving he gave hi horse to a groom, refusing to go into the house, bu tasked where bee old find Mis O'Brien, She's somewhere about, sir, inha park. I see her in the avenuW some half-hour back'' said the servants ThankyoUf'saidLawrenoe, as he sauntered mt under the rtwo rows of lime treea that stretched in uubrokeu array, stiff and stately. to the centre gates of foe park. On the left of the avenue stood a little ring of firs and copper beeches, surrounded by a larch fence. It was called The Fplfe ' foongh why I do not know. . Lawrence walked up he avenue and back again ; then turned sharp ftcrosathCgrasB to foe Folly. His .motive by this time had nearly faded from r his mind, but ih gettih'g bver tbe fence he remembered what he had wine for. A strange, strange nature was his. Tha present ever in his mind, with a perfectly irresistible force; absent, dear ..though it might be, a shadowy vieion whioh mig waiV oiB iGtcniGt - v After gettingover the rail- he' pushed Ma way beneath theiower boaghSof the fir-trees 8rey,eligh«t and bruktte, uatil he came to an open space amidst foose . hoary tree-trnnks whose feathery tips towered up in a net. workof tracery abovehis head, The autumn wind swept round and round the lttle wood, and collected in the centre a , Hdge heap of red- and yellow beeck-leaves The ttofoi 'was erushoddovrn hers and thnn - as by footstep, and 'further bta, wheaifoe; leaves were dry and shemed to lie thiokeR r washe impression of a woman's form Not only that; sttll farther on lay a hook, evi oently just oast down, and beside it a woman's glOVSf Lawi&pce; oobetdered for o&e; moment ; his ; face iighfened ; he took tip the ladf'gT? and forew down bis own. ""roglov# . 'Stay dinner, Tanfield, said old Mr O'r.i when he got back fo the house, ' AH . glad fo see you. Evelyn will be in pr Go and tfdh to lorah.' The young mau did as be was bin - . while he and foe elder eiatcr chatted RV »u drawingrqom window Evelyn O'Brien cV across fop grate m full view of them, 6 ' Tall, uprjght as a dart, ehe looked in,, what ebe wae— a beauty. An atnnsed «i;, was ou her lips as she neared the home suddenly she caught right of Tanfield'g RJ? at foe window. Down dropped her thick black, tangled eyelashes, and ao went 1 ' red flg to «fo© for© '—that pretty sailor uses for his sweatheorfc'a blash Whan dinner was over, Tanfield made in early excuse to leve the diaingrnom, Nott the eldest, he found at the piano; Erel«i sitting in a low chair just outside the odS window. You eeena fond of reading, M ss O'Brwn / said he. n,< ' Very.' she answered. And in stranee places.' Indeed ! And so you've found that onfc. And it was you, I rupposv, who bad the im- pudence to take my glove? Please rire ii back to me at once.' May I not keep it ?' said Lawrence. Boftly. As you please. I have lost the fellow to it, so it is of no consequence. By the war T hope you don't want yours back- again'' 1 ' Mine r ' The one you left ; because Scout bnried it rwith some old bones he found iu the Folly He's not fond of rubbish, and he likes to set it out of sight I suppose,' While be was about it, I daresay you think he might just -as well have buried me?' I dirf not eay so,' she replied. 'Evelyn,' srid the young man, suddenlr life is short at foe best. I am not a man, i| you know, to hesitate to #ek a question though it may involve the whole life'i happiness of two people and tbe deep in- tereste of many more. I want you to tell me something, dear.' He bad taken her hand in hie, aud she, after half -withdrawing it, had let it remain! 'I want you to tell me if you love me. Yon know, you must know,- howdearly I loveyon with my whole, whole heart,' and ae he said it he believed it most implioity. ( I you refuse me. I shall have nothing left in thin «nrM live for. And, Evelyn, remember it is no lieht thing I aek of you. I mean love in its entirety. No mere liking or toleration, but a complete giving of" one to foe other, You have shown 'tbe red flag" once to-day already ; were it not so dark, I fancy I should see it now. There it mnst always be for mo, and for me only. Do you understand? It must never come down, and I would sooner put up with an absolute refusal than see it flying baif-mast high.' Evelyn turned. She rose from her chair and walked a few stops down the terrace into tbe deeper shadow. Tanfield followed. ' Lawrence,' she said, ' you have uked ine a simple question, and I will give you a simple answer. Be true and gentle with m«, and I will love you all my life. And I would rather aee us both dead this nigbt than that our pennon should ever droop -to half- mist high. \- With a vow to keep and cherish ber for ever, Tanfield caught feer in nis arms sad passionately kissed ber lips. She gently, oh, so gently, returned fail caress ; but bars was given with all tbe concentration of ber trusting womanhood, and his — ah ! his, I fear, was but b&lf-msit; high, 9 For a time all went merry as a marrisgt bell. The old people were delighted (for Tanfield was a good matoh), and every prospect of happiness seemed spread before the young couple./, - Bat two each fiery natures could hardly be in'da\ly intimscy but that tiffs and quarrels of a more or led serious character were bound to spring op between them. Especially was this trua in the matter of riding, of which foe girl was very fond. Tanfield encouraged ber in the matter, with one reservation. There, was a mare intte stable called Brand, thoroughbred, vicious, and 'intractable. To ride this oars Evelyn O'Brien's delight She waa a splendid horsewoman, and the mare's antics a®u«« and exhilarated her. Tanfield saw that, fortunate as she had been hitherto, a seriout accident was inevitable sooner or later, and id unmistakable terms he fotbade her to mousl the animal. T Plenty of time for obedience, Lawrence. 1 have not been through church doors yet, im said. , . ' I am not demanding obedience, onrr wish to ensure your safety. Yoa cannot rw that mare without great risk,' . 1 cannot ride, then? Thank yon w nothing, my polite fiance.' I say neither you nor any other creature can ride her with safety. _ I ?" moreover, that as long as I have any hold w you, you shall not mount ber.' ' Any hold on me ? And suppose I ©TP have none?' H The young man sbmgged his shonleen. 1 That rests with you,' he replied. With.mef . " ' 'Yes, with you.' 1 Then yon have none. Ihate 1 nterwrww I will take care never to interfere ar»i Good morning, Miss O'Brien. ' He rawed n hat/fomed, aad left her, . hK For wek« after this episode she thoughts -proudly to herbetf, thinki"? , act io either case. Bht as fifty after day bv, and neither he nor Ms letter put appearance, foe spoilt gfrl's spirit b®®. waver, and ehe frequently gave way to re And where was Lawrence Tanfield ' --»> v. .. %... , , , He walked bw to .Burnharo, otdtJ conveyance; and getting hia luggage Pa h f< «a.a»B«2saS! heard of. Bome aall be nad eD.tni» 1 toreighservice; nfosrs foitbe had JolB 1 monaetery ln Spain. ; Meanwhile Evelyn, saddened and df P stUl fematned unmarried, though suitor suitor came to try bis hick. t t«o I suppose It must have' been abou 1 mea later, when Fyton again oitHiotedtpber. Tnbr m 1 BnrtYlaeJMid df light, be accer tea. ( if 1 '.I oanuot; lova you erid Evelyn , , 1 « we»r» »,! I teM»t «snd> £»k»t I'll do th®0 1 Poor Hal ! A11 the coun'ry round t | big enough to bold m. With 8 pride he spoke about hia awpethw I sweetheart be bad nevr dared to k'f?_ ; I reticetoe was not the way to wiu 1 I — poor feltoreiftP thought, with Wyom$ respect and devotion.- Hna jbutoldJlsiaith&t; omethiDg a little moeckles audderiu may-care, even though at timesliablb to vive! offence, woutu in 'oa ena outqistahbe any feeble wooing, he would not nave belieVcd it - or if he had, he.wpnld have been quite incapable of praowaing it. One cannot teach thee things. Teach a iceep to all eternity he will never learn tor oar. ' S6 matters stood and the? engaged couple seemed on the one ' side fairly content, on the ofcbor deliriously happy. AtPhristmas, old Mr. O'Brien determined to celebrate hiB 'daughter's engagement by a ball. to whieh all the people rohtod about who were ' anyone in particular Were nvited. It wa-».a fancy dress felalt, and muekswere optional. . ' Hal led off the drat dance with Evelyn. He engaged her tor many more. The old ballroom wa9 crowded. ' Over two hundred and fifty people, in every variety of drfeBe, thronged the place. Wine, music, and beau tiful faces all. combined to make the heart of hosts and gueatB »« happy as they could be In the intervals of the dances, speculation was rife as to who this person was, who that —alluding to anyone specially -well disguised. There was a knight in armour, a jester; a mountebank, and dozens mbre But as Hal Fytroa walked round the apd of the room' under the .musicians' gallery, with Evelyn on h<e arm, be pass®/ a .headsman with an are thrown across his shoulder ; hie face was bidden by a mask, his eyes glittering from behind it. They fell" on' Evelyn for one second, but were inBtantly withdrawn. She stood still,, staggered, and would have fallen hut that Hal caught her. Good heavens,' he said, ' -are you ill ?' Yes, oh yes ! For heaven's sake take me into the air.' Gold as it was, he led her on to the stone walk outside the ballroom windows. ' Bring me my hood,' she said, ' and my far mantle.' He brought them immediately, and was about to offer her his arm. ' No, no, she said, shrinking back; I have these attacks sometimes, and then I must be alone. Leave me, and come and look for me in half an hour.' He left her ; little knowing that, though he was ro see her once again, he bad spoken to her for the last time. In half an hour he came back. ( She was not there. He searched for her in the ball room, but she wftB not among the dancers. He then turned back into, the garden, walked down tbe terrace stepB, over the soft snow where hie footsteps were wholly Inaudible, and drifted aimleaely towards the mere. An" how lovely the mere looked. What can be lovelier than moonlight on the snow ? The huge fir-trees stood towering upwards, their great houghs weighed down with it, pointing like giant hands towards the ground. Beneath tbem was impenetrable darkness, aud etretching over tbe pure snow their warm grotesque shadows, formed every weird and curious shape that might" appeal to &n; excited brain. Here and there tall, slender, withered grasses — the last reminiscence of the summer that had gope --stood bowing to the wind, each one decked with such diamonds as no ba&hty; in the adjacent ball room could lay a claim to ; each one glittering in translucent intensity in the silver: moon light, with its crown of icicles aboht its bead. Suddenly Fy tton stopped, conscious of two figures in close embraoe ton yards distant from him, by tbe shore. The girl's hands were resting on the manV shoulders, her face was lifted np his— to his, the headsman— and as she lifted it, she robbed out : ' Ob, Lawrence, Lawrence, as if yon did not know you are the only man I ever really cited for/ He kissed .her, and whiBpsred some loving words into her words into her ear. Again she lifted her face, but as he bent down towards her he poshed back his mask. Fytton g&ve; a sudden start ; a bough cracked beneath hie feet. They turned, and as they turned the clouds that had veiled the moon passed quickly over. The bright ray fll upon their faces. The girl was Evelyn O'Brien and the man was -Lawrence Taufield. No words were uttered. Hlfa«dozen steps, and they grappled together. A knivc flashed, something fell— eomehiog heavy, inert; awful— that never spoke or moved again. And there was blood upon the snow ; the blood of Hri Fytton. His body, like his Cher's, was laid upon the state bed, and at midnight a finger tapped upon the nasement, a face was pressed upon toe glass, and a voice said : 1 Tee Fourth Mb. Fytton.' . Of all the brothers, there was now left but ' Baby Charles;' He was abont eleven, and the executors under' his brother's will sug gested that his mother's first cousin, Mrs. Arnold, a widow, should occupy ' The Grey Shadows,' with the object .of . being a mother to the boy until such a time as hfe went to college or came of age. Men, however, will one way, and Fate another, and all the care mad watchfulness bestowed on the delicate- lad were powerless to help him against the deadly curse which bung over hie family. The one pasBion' that possessed the boy was hawking, and day after day be would wander out alone, despite tbe anxiety of Mrs. Arnold, with his hawk upon bis wrist When io the cold weather the wild ducks capie down upon the low swamps in thou sands, and many hundreds of acres of land wero under water; more or less, the country round Grey Shadows was quite a falconers P Ifarlone morning in December, wlifetfthe . -floods were jastxovered with a tbin coating of ice, Bftby Charles with hiB hawk upon his wrist went off to the lower meadows in search of wild fowl. It was late -in the af ternoon when the first anxiety beganto be felt abonfc him, on acoount of hie prolonged absence. The country was scoured far and wide, but to no purpose. It is supposed that wnue. wading in tbe floods be must unhappily have walked into a dyke, as it wsb not until the evening of tbe fourth day that Jack,Baaging« ton, the poacher, came in to say he had seen the poor lad's body floating amongst the buU- rushea onLong Bool Lake, and the nawk was still sitting on his breast. Hiff btody, like his father's. was .laid upon the state bed, JW<Lat midnight a finger tapped upon the casemeut.A face, was pwasej. against toe gl»ss. sod ft iroics skid:4 TftAs- FIFTH.MB. Fxtson/ - ' "T Vs-" - . j - A good story, Mr. Shopped/ «id Willie. 5 A. sort of thing; to dream of, after a heavy WWie/ sftid I, it's getting dark, and 1 think, aft 'Pre have eix aiiies to.w&lk;, we had better trmfgp.' s ? : . - . „ Off we parted, juBt as the sun war begin ning to get low, and long .quaint shadows Ceil scroll Mil fteen brifllepathi w bifbii . . , . ./ . .j / ' ' i <\ ; ' »-iri M?h. mSf. roa.n<iLtho hi'le. brought os oat" W« hfti? « a nt two miles from hornet 8?t to what waB called the wJLf?V 8i £ blafte where the ro»d ran ?® eenutWQ banks bordered,vwith fit ?onf'll!5ffiA-Kheard a. milrer e JsfamhS pm'ae? 7 wA . j ;Godd heavens, wMk>bht ?' ' rttadWitfe,ated '1#%.';' Whitl» ."Sli t0»a side. " - -Sr world is. he doing ? bhirtS Wr6nt ? a little 'fprther, arid nothing the myatery, when Willie burBt out into a roar of laughter. - . fc you,6ee r he said. 'It's Siaritor, So it was. . . f ®aid Beamish, ' What the deuce ate youdoing there ?' < to. light my pipe, sir, as yori see; tf 86 country fusees are never any good. ' Benmito you here» ®ay 1 aBk r said l?"oa wrote for me, Bir ; and, like the nobleman who went through life with a ?, concealed about his person , " I am as you. are conducting, youreelf in tajs fashion, for my part I wish you were any where else/ Now, Mr. Beamish, don't falk like that, brenrae has so many penalties to pay. But 3L ve brought news for you, sir. There was a gentleman—at least a c&an-; — at. your triend's, when I arrived. He'd something as looked like a writ, Mr. Beamish, So.i lbok out for squalls, sir,; and remember, if it SSTso, to reward the intelligent being who first sig nalled the enemy. Keep your starboard l»ght wide open, aud the watoh always on deck. When we got home, we found that a man had called at my father's liouBe, and by his extreme anxiety about . Beamish, had first of ail rouaed the servants' suspicions, arid then j my father's, who had been called. out to see him. as he seemed so unwilling to leave. 1 D you so very particularly wiBh to see Mr, Beamish ?' said my father. 'Well, it's not so urgent as all that/ replied the visitor, with a meaning smile. ' Can I give him any message V No ; that wouldn't do I fear.' My father then, skilfully evading several leading questions, Bimply confined himself to the statement that Beamish was with me, sketching, and that his return was extremely uncertain. ' Can I do Anything more for you ? he added. No, ' said the stranger ; V it doesn't matter. I only just wanted to shake him by the hand.' It was very evident from poor Beamish'a manner that the news greatly depressed him. Visions of bailiffs, sheriffs officers, and men in possession floated through, his excited brain. Shake me by the hand,. indeed/ said be. 1 Much more likely to tap me on the shoulder. Next morning Beamish catne. down to breakfast with the appearance of one who has not slept. Great precautions were observed in orir pro ceedings when we started from home. Tbe eountry round w&b; carefully inspected from the housetop, and finding the coast apparently clear, we made off towards our destination in a dejected manner, turning wary eyes on every side. Bl&nter; carried tbe materials, as we bad determined to have two day?' more work at the north porch of the house. When engaged at our work, Sbeppard used to come slowly in aud out of the bouse, to chat and gossip as was hie wont. ; Tale after tale of ghostly and awful visions he had seen, of noises and footsteps that he, had heard, came following one another in one unbroken flow. To-day he was especially garrulous. ' Yob,' he said, 4 bnt the most unkind thing as ever happened to I; was when tbem pistol ehots went off, and I got smothered in blood. 'Twur in that autumn when the front chimney stacks fell/ 1 Well f said I. ' Well, it were autumn, and it were near midnight, and black as pitch wheo as we was a lying in bed, and the wind a bowling round —bang —ban gygoes off -a lot of pistols, and then bang again. There was a crashing fall, and alt war quiet again. Well. I lay and trembled, but my old- 'omin, she ups and lighter a caudle, and upstairs she goes with the poker (women is &UnB; that wilful, you know). Her fumbles about in they garreta. when drip, drip, drip comes .down something . wer ario sticky on my face. I strikes a match arid vound as It were blood. " Murder, mur der," I shrieks, " the blood be a coming thro' the ceiling." ' 'Drat thee, thou fool, \ Bays Sairah, who'd just come back. 'Tis the elderberry wine as have basted and is a runnin all over the floor/ ' And was it tbe elderbarry wine? I asked. ' No/no ; it was they ghosts at it again/ 1 But didn't von go up aitd see V Not I, not 1/ said Sheppard. 1 1 wouldn't never go into that garret on the longest, brightest snmmer'e day as ever was/ Soon after tbis litrie refreshing anecdote, a very old man, bent almost double, came toil ing up the walk. Who's this, Sheppard f I said. ' Old Billy lies, to be sure/ Who's he?' 'Oh, that old. fool down at the village as is alius so proud as hia father war hanged.' Curious people hereabouts, Wilbe/ I said, 1 and a curious thing, to be proud of, But perhaps they think us just as curious.' ' 'Ee'a proud .onH/ says Sheppard, '"cos "ee ain't got nothing else to be proud ori/ 'And very good philosophy/ too,' said Willie. Well, old gentleman, ..arid what do you want?' I asked. ' I wants to kn6w if a young gentleman called Beamish is about here ; cos if 'ee be, another gantlemsn as. .'aye left "his dog cart, down at tbe inn wants to zee 'an/ What eort of gentiemah?' " . 1 Tall, round man- Dressed shabby like. A looks like a bailiff, or scrt of lawyer's clerk,' , . ' Beamish turned ghastly pale. Suddenly in rushed. Slauter. ' He's coming, sir» be'acomiug. No time to lose. Run up stairs. There is an old Jdcaty four-pdst bed, big enough for ten, .upstairs, with some old tapestries thrown oyer it ; get in or under/ - Up we rnBhed. Scuffling up the creaking staircase, through three or four passages, into a huge room, facjns the bow window pf which Stood an enormotiB carved oak bed. With some . -moulder i&g; tapestries thrown over it. .v rf? . \- Jump fn/ said Slantor. lu eprang Beamish, The rags were drawn over his .face . auA.tyjd/, and there belay, looking for all the world like a corpse. Blftnter and I got into, an.open cupboard ood ' fehut thedoo . Fresemlywe heard voi;e5 Then a prolonged bum of conversation. " As tbe back of our cupboard had huge cracks in it, the spaao waft very clear, and we i npfliftinoUy boat old SUeppwd relating to 1 " h- v \ - . ' I . A ; « , . . , A , his osu&l; garrulous way the story of 'The! Five-Mr, Fyttona to the .qnknown visitor. After-aptolbnged talk qajne a aibupe ; then some jmentijon of a ladder ; then silence again Five minutes latotQdpe a fearfpl crash upon the window-till, and--1 / „ : k finger tapped upon the casement, a face was pressed upon the glasBj and a voice said/ 'THte FiFTiff MB. FrirtWN.' >s - With a yell thait might have raised the ( dead, Beamish, Slanter, and I sprang from our hiding pla&£s to eee- a jolly face. Oa, how well we knhw it; and the owner was knocking for admittance. ' I?s Smith,' said Beamish. So it is/ said I. 'What in the world's the meaning of it?' ! However, with a deep sigh of relief, we opened the casement and let him in. 'Now, Smith, explain, please. What's up?' ' Only, my dear boy. that I have been hunt ing for you for twenty- four hours to tell yon that Williams, Simpson and Co., the pub lishers, want twenty good wood drawings of this neighbourhood, and will pay anything for them, I've got you' the commission ; and as for me, I'm to do the letterpress, aud have been taking shorthand notes in my pocket- book ever since I came here. Old Sheppard told the that story, and that yon had hidden nnder the bed ; so I got a ladder, and here I am-' What a war dance we had of it, and how joyfully we walked home that night ! I think we all dreamt of < 'The Five Mb. Ftttons/ 