Premature Burial. A Singular Case Which Occurred in Paris. Another case, of Premature burial worthy of being nnalysed in the realistic manner of Zola has occurred in Prance. An elderly woman who lived at an Old World place called St. Ouen La Eouerie recently fell ill and, as her friends thought, died. The funeral took place, and as the grave digger was preparing to lower the coilin into the earth he heard moans issuing from inside the lugubrious four boards inclosing the presumed corpse. Then followed a scene which was an exact counterpart of what occurred about twelve months ago in another rural part of France. The grave digger, half frightened of the probable ghost which his imagination conjured up and partly awed by the require ments enacted by the law in circumstances such as those in which he found himself placed, left the coilin in the care of the mourners and went off with his somber story to M. le Maire. That- Tural dignitary, having duly donned his scarf of office and summoned the village doctor, proceeded to the local “ God’s acre.’’ The coffin was opened, and it was discovered that the woman had just died from fright, having awakened from a trance to find herself hemmed in between the terrible deal planks. When horrible scenes like this are repeated it is time for _tbc authorities and public at large to take into consideration the invention of the ingenious undertaker who has adopted as his motto, “ No more premature burials.” This practical person offers to supply to all cases of doubtful death an apparatus by means of which those who may have had the mis fortune to bo buried alive may not only inhale fresh air on their awakening, but also communicate by signal with the world which has left them for dead. Dr- S. P- Necklevitch has recently died at Lozki, in the Novogrudsky District, Russia, in his 109th year. His death occurred quiet suddenly, as, about a quarter of an hour earlier, he wrote a prescription for one of his patients. The Chinese are entering the English book market as purchasers of theirown litera ture ; and it is said that Chinese works are constantly sent back to China, the sale being sufficient to encourage this. There were 60,636 births in Paris last year. There were 57,092 dearths during the same period, of which more than 10,000 were due to pulmonary diseases. One. can scarcely credit the fact that the fesult of a collection from a large and well-dressed congregation at Canterbury Ca thedral, England, recently, was only 14s. 