Hawaiian Superstitions. BYJBELLE OSBOD E. E SWhat a sinserstitioui lot these Kanakas are I" says Joe, who is stretched out in the bamboo chair on the verandah,` the moon. light throwing thejshiador ofi the vines over his long figure clad in white linen ; ' if they have the'toothhche, and itrains, why,heaven weeps in sympathy'; if the little heiki steals the raw fish of his grandmother, bang goes the thinder, and hlieaven is angry." : , "They' never seem to think," says tse navy officer, drowsily, from ,the hammock, 'that if heaven wept::with everyone who had the heartache, by Jove ! this would .be a pretty damp place to live in: : I' am'Isitting on the verandah steps, idly watching the 'moonlight on `the mango, surely thei inost'bleautiful?tzee that :grows, almost too perfect- in shape, sia?dowy, with shining leaves. "' Yes," I say, reflectively--bang.! falls a mango on, the roof-- they are full of 'a thousand little superstitious tricks and mysteries; don't' you know how they pound I little sticks into- the ground' before' their. enemies' housesl"'' ' What's that'.for?" from' the' ham ".lt brings death to-any one who steps on them. Oh, they profess religion, and sing, and pray sincerely, enough; ' but' as' sure as anything is the matter with them, they get. frightened and-. send for their " And what minight a kauora be ." ' Oh; those kahartar!" Joe 'gives an im patient kick; " they make'.me tired I They do.the awfulest things I They are a sort of doctor and priest combined, and everything they say is all right: Kid falls into the fire and gets burnt. .Kadunta comes, eats a piece of roasted black pig--" : ',It is always a black 'pig,"' I interrupt. "and' then they go to sleep and pretend to dream." d `"Who's' telling this -story?"-a : man always'thinks he can tell a story better than his wife--" When he finishes his mummery with the black pig, or chicken;, or eat, 'he heats a board red hot and applies it to the' burn. How on earth they explain matters, when the kid'dies, I don't know." . " The strangest thing to me," I remark, in a meek snubbed way, " is-the anaana." "' I've heard of that," said he of the brass buttons, lighting a cigarette,' and giving a momentary Rembrandt effect of broad white forehead and straight nose, and then fading back into shadow; '" but do' you'really bte. liev e it 2? " . " 1 1 Beeleve 'it I : Why, the kakhmas have in their: power every Kanaka in the kingdom. 'If they suspect, the priest going to anaanu a them; or pray them to death, they lie right down and die, and not all the king's horses,. or all the king's men, to say nothing of the white'doctors, can save them.' : "Well,. you know," from Joe, "'Doctor Thompson says that be'is absolutely power. less to save a man who.is being prayed'to death. He says hle has tried to argue with them that their disease is not fatal and they can not die, hut they prove 'their side of the argument by giving up the ghost." ' " "I rememberwhen oudnr ship was at Hilo," said the navy officer, ",we heard of.a native politician who 'got awfully angry at three ien for not 'votihg hi s'ticket, Hs paid a kakema a lot of'money to anmana them. The three men defied him for a time, and swag gered about, pretending not to, care, but they gave right up to the first nilment they had; one. died, of a cold, anoither succumbed tothemumps, and the third one simply kicked thi.bucket because he realised that it was his fate.': S"They predicted when Like-Like was go ingto die," I chip in.. "You never saw her did you? f:She was young, bright, "gay, and the best looking of the royal family. She' dressed fashionably, was a beautiful waltzer, and spoke English fluently.: She seemed to be above superstition, and yet she died when' they'said she would."' " "Andwhen was that1" . When the lava flow stoipped. It would not have been so strange had she known of the event, but she.died, and' it was after her death that the steamer came in from ?lawaii -with the news that the lava flow had stopped the very hour when our princess breathed her last." : "I wonder," says Joe, "if the lava flow erer yet caught Pele's pig?.' "I know,".. says the navy officer, "that Pele is the Goddess of. Fire and lives in the volcano. I know that she', used' to exact human sacrifices, and that, even now, natives will go to the volcano and drop money, ~i, and even dogs into the boiling lava--but I never Iknew she owned such an unromantic thing as a pig.! ' ." Oh, she dosen't own him," I say "he' is the1 pest of her life I ' She hates him,. The natives say.he lives in the district of Kona, and that when Pele is' asleep, 'or, in other words, when the volcaio is inactive, he comes out of his lair and roams over the premises. They say she gets. hopping mad, and flares up, and bubbles, and finally chases him with streams of red-hot lava; and that- accounts for all the flows down the Kona side of the mountain." "Then how do they account:for the great flow of 1868 that came so near destroying Hilo " " "Oh that was such a blow to the mission aries I' I say with a malicious chuckle. " They try so hard to combat the native sup. 'erstitions. There was a.big eruption, and a great flow rolled down the mountain side to ward the pretty little town of Hilo. I used to think that lava rushed down, and people had to run to get out of the way; but it is like a huge wave of molasses, rolling and curling, and sending out long, snaky tongues. It cools rapidly on top, like a crust, but keeps breaking through at the edge, and bubbling. It wans eight months crawling towards Hilo, until one more day's flow would have des troyed the town," Joe laughed. "Lord! how the people were getting out of ilo I Especially the Portu guese, who were leaving in shoals. The mis sionaries prayed every day by the flow, and prayers were offered up in all thie churches. It did seem as though, after all these months, on a downward slope, nothing on earth could save the town." "They appealed to Princess Ruth," I con tinuc, "She was the last descendant of'the great Kamehamehbas, you know, and the natives believed in her, so when they grew frightened they sent for her, and the huge princess--" "Dear little thing I" laughs Joe "She only weighed four hundered and eighty pounds I" "Well, they carried her in a litter to the place; and she stood in front of the lava, and threw in some sacrifices-" " A black dog, some money,a bottle of gin, and a silk dress," said Joe. -"Aud appealed to the Goddess Pele, begging her to save the town, and reminding her of her promise never to lharm Hilo. Then she said calmly to her servants 'It will ston.'" "Do you know what she did ?" cried Joe, enthu'siastically; "she wentinto a cottagein the veryteeth of the flow, and slept. There's faith for you. And it stopped I The great, twisting, moving, hideous mass of fire rolled back on itself and stopped l And there you can see to this day the black hardened lava only a few yards from the outskirts of .Hilo." '".No wonder they are superstitions,"' says thenavy officer., Alfew such coincidences would affect anybody. I wonder, though, if the missionaries would have called it super. stition if the flow had stopped in answer to their prayers?" "Don't you remember when Prince Lun. alilowas buried " says Joe; "that was enough to make anybody superstitiouse"." " What was that ?" the navy officer sits up;.. balancing himself in the hammock so that the moonlight glitters on his blonde head. "Tell. us all about it." "Tine-a.ling-ting-a-lino?" :" It's only the telephone,"'I say, as I go to" the instrument. ' Lctieeunant: B. .wanted on Le ad? th Adas." " Oh, psbaw I" from the hammock.. ""That telephone is very convenient, but it is a nuisance sometimes--I say, please ring on one-forty- eight for a'carriage, will you? and tell us about Prince Lun.alilo while it's coming." ', Well, I say, curling up comfortably in the corner of. the steps, '"he was sa immense" favorite, you know." !Yes, I know-'jolly fellowi-heard lots of good stories about him." . ' "Wher he died, he was buried withigreat. pomp, but for some reason or other his place,' of burial was afterwaid chatged, and when his body was removed the nativesisked the Fovermnent for another salute of twenty four guns,'to which the answer came that they had already buried him with all the honors, and didn't propose to waste any more powder. The natives were hurt and indig nant, and though a great storm came up, thousands followed his body to its last rest ing-place. As the cortege passed into the' gates of the cemetery, the thunder burst' forth, and everybody declares that twenty. four distinct claps were counted." " Oh, take off one clap," says the lieuten ant, flippantly, as he looks for his bat. "Well, I declare I is that rain i After this moonlight, who would have thought it I Well, good-bye. Aloha nsui, as'ihe natives say." "Good-bye. So sorry to have yoen go. You see ' Heaven weeps in sympathy."' 