\- MEETINGS. i \--e ANTI-CHINESE LEAGUE OF NEW SOUTH WALES. A public meeting was held at the Town Hall yesterday 1 evening, under the auspices of the Anti-Chinese League of' New South Wales, to protest against the continued influx of Chinese into Australia. The hall was crowded. he I chair was occupied by Mr. John Harris, Mayor of Sydney. There were also on the platform the Hon. E. Barton, G Messrs. G. R. Dibbs, N. Melville, Scliey, Fletcher, O'Sullivan, Ewing, Ms.L.A. ; Richardson, Symons, Talbot, W. Richardson, R. Ross, J. W. Watkin, and a large number of representatives of labour societies. The Mayor, in commencing the meeting, said he had received letters from a number of gentlemen stating that they were unable to attend the meeting, and apologising | for their absence. Amongst the number were Mr. & H. | Reid M.L.A., and the Hon. F. Abigail, Minister for Mines. The meeting was called for the purpose of giving the citizens an opportunity to protest against the introduction of Chinese into Australia. (Cheers.) He thought it would be unwise for him to attempt to say anything to them with regard the matter, us the objects of the meeting would be much better put before them by gentlemen who were to address them. He would, therefore. without farther delay call upon one of Australia's best tons to propose the first resolution -the Hon. E. Barton. The Hon. E. Barton, who was received with cheers, moved the. follow! _ g resolution :-" That the almost unrestricted influx of Chinese into Australia will, if continued, threaten our social and political welfare, and that the time has arrived for the imposition of substantial and effective restrictions on their further introduction." He said when it was suggested to him that as a son of Australia he should be wholly regarding the duties which were cast upon him by his citizenship and the soil to which he belonged by attending the meeting to take part in forward- ing its aim and object, the reflection which he was able to give to the request proffered convinced him that he should be unmindful of his obligations to his country if he did not aid the cause he had been asked to advocate. " (Cheers.) It would be seen that the resolution he had submitted committed the meeting, if carried, to two pi apes lions, viz., that the advent of the Chinese into this country without further restriction was dangerous to our welfare socially and politically, and also that steps should be taken if not to prohibit it, at any rate to limit it so as to make the danger non-existent. (Cheers.) With both these objects he was entirely at one with those who had convened the meeting. (Cheers.) Of course it would be urged that it had been from old time the policy of the British race to admit foreigners of all classes to their soil without restriction and competition, but there was in all those matters a higher law, and that law was national self-preservation-(cheers)-« and every policy which had actuated the great nation of which they were a part must be subject to that limitation, which was, the very condition of the limitation of any policy at all. In what position did they stand in connection with this matter.?, They were told that legislation had been passed in some of the Australian colonies that was the assertion of the Chinese Government through its representative addressing the Marquis of Salisbury to restrict the advent of Chinese into Australia, and that that was an infringement of international obligations by treaty and international usage. He denied that there was any infringement of treaty, and, if it appeared to be an infrac- tion of such, it must be read subject to the condition that it was the unalienable right of every country to preserve the soil and its institutions sacred to the race to which it belonged. (Cheers.) It was upon that broad principle that be approached the question (Cheers'.) He had come to the conclusion that what was conceded by the treaties between Great Britain and China had been, in the mum, concessions granted by China in answer to certain calls made by Great Britain. ., Those treaties threw open certain ports and granted certain fights, such as the right to trade, subject _ to^ passports, but did not grant to persons trading any residence Beyond limits stated, and therefore how could, it be urged that international usage was against any action which had been taken and which it was proposed to take' On the other hand, there had been a policy on the part of the great British nation not to restrict any further than self-preservation would do- take, the access to them and the residence within their territory of peaceable and well-disposed foreigners. But that was part of the pre-existing policy of England - that great nation of which we were a part. That was a portion of the policy which was not involved in those treaties; and where the question of self-preservation entered, that question of policy could not arise. (Cheers.) How did they find themselves placed with regard to the Chinese race ? He did not think' it necessary to waste words in proving the proposition embodied in the resolution. He would admit if necessary the presence in this colony of a few Chinamen taking up what might have been dropped or left untouchd. and utilising it in such a manner as might add to the national wealth - where there coil can be no national danger from their condition among us but that was subject to the condition, that this was a British community, and would and should remain so. (Cheers: and a voice: "An_Australiancommunity.") An Australian community-(cheers)-and the gentleman who interjected would find no truer Australian than he was. (Cheers.) But he rejoiced at being one who was able to read and understand the traditions of his race. (Cheers.) The influx of Chinese, notwithstanding the restrictions sought to be imposed, was increasing very largely- perhaps not so largely as far as New South Wales was concerned, but largely as far as Australia was concerned. The Premier was waited on a day or so ago by a representative of the Northern Territory, who affirmed that into that portion of Australia in the year 1887 no" less than 2000 China- men had found their way, and that during the last 10 weeks prior to the gentleman in question coming to Sydney another thousand Chinamen had presented themselves. The meeting had to deal with a nation which, had a population of four hundred millions, and what we had to take care of in this colony was the " thin edge of the wedge." (Cheers.) In a white population such as that which existed in the Northern Territory of Australia, the introduction of 3000 Chinamen in so short a time was, he thought, the " thick end of the wedge." (Cheers.) Then, again, the numbers leaving China for Australia-and leaving by means provided by the enterprise and energy of Britons-was but a mere atom compared with the vast population of the Empire of China. But those men came here, and without arms or anything more dangerous than a chopatick-(laughter)-assumed the dominion of the soil. he wanted the meeting to look at the question apart from narrow considerations. He was not there as the advocate of one party or another, and glad he should be if the hands of the Government of the day, wore strengthened in dealing with this question He did not want the meeting to look at the question merely from the view of sons of toil or labouring men only. He did not want the question to be presented to the Government of this colony, and afterwards to the Imperial Government, in any narrow way, as coming merely from one section of the community as Coming front freetraders who might have clinical or fastidious considerations for presenting it because there was too great an influx of Chinese. That was not the way for them to look at the question. But they were looking for another ground to stand upon. They wanted to put this question before the British Empire as a national effort they Wanted the voice which came from them that night to be a national utterance. (Cheers.) He would ask them to sink all minor points, and to join together for the purpose of placing the matter before the great audience who would have to listen to it as a great and united utterance, and not as the representation of certain interests. (Cheers,) It was not necessary for him to go into the question as to why the presence of ChuM) endangered our social welfare. They knew what these people were, and when the evil threatened to be overwhelming no consideration but that of self- preservation ought to intervene for one moment. If the Chinese Government objected to any restrictions being placed upon the introduction of its subjects to those colonies, it had only itself to thank. Isolated as they had been it was impossible for the Chinese race to have acquired a knowledge of the higher civilisation of mankind- especially that portion of, that race likely to emigrate to, those colonies which would make them fat companions for European races. He submitted to them, therefore, with the greatest confidence, that whatever objections the Chinese Government might have to any restrictions upon the introduction of their subjects here, they had their own policy of isolation in the past to thank for it, which if it had not existed so long, and had been abolished centuries ago", the Chinese might possibly have been now more fit to mingle with European races. If this race were so unfit, the Government would only be exercising its inalienable right in preventing their coming hero-in saying that persons who were likely to alter the character of the race which inhabited those shores should not be admitted among us. (Cheers.) He did hope this question would be treated in a moderate and reasonable spirit. It was not by personal antipathy to Chinamen that they were likely to gain the day. (Cheers.) He would ask them to join with him on one common platform, that the preservation of the whole of the British characteristics in this land was endangered in every way by that evil, if it was not rest treated to a very much greater extent than it had been. To forget all considerations of sentiment except that one, that they meant to represent to the Government of that great Empire that we had to preserve the characteristics of our race; that we meant to preserve them; that we would call upon that Government to help us to preserve them, and he was sure they would not call in vain. (Cheers.) Mr. Talbot seconded the resolution. He said he knew they would all agree with him in regarding the question they had come, there to consider as one of the most important as affecting the working clauses. (Cheers.) They had suffered in the past from the unrestricted influx of Chinese, and they were now threatened with a further invasion of this Mongolian race. The time had come when they should do and with no uncertain sound that this state of things should be put a stop to. (Cheers.) Some years ago the Trades and Labour Council took action in regard to the mátter,nfid meetings were held in the city and suburbs, and the results of these meetings were handed to the Government of the day, but in his opinion they did not receive that attention which they should have done. It was predicted then what would happen, and had now come to pass, and now they wore motto do what should have been done then. A large meeting was held in the Human, and the outcome of that meeting was the present Act, which he said was a complete farce. (Cheers.) From the daily press they learnt how it was evaded by Chinese who were brought here on the advice of men who wished to build up fortunes by means of cheap labour. (Cheers.) also asserted that the question was miss of self- preservation 7-wh..tli0r they were to fire, or whether the Chinese were to go - (cheers) whether they were to receive their birthright of this fair land, the inheritance of their children, of whether they would hand it over to this alien race. (Cheers.) He asserted that in the country districts through which he had recently travelled the Chinese were making progress us against the white man-the Chinese going about well-dressed and comfortable-looking, while the white man could be seen humping his swag and carrying his "billy" in his hand looking for a day's work. (Cheers.) The Government, in reply to a deputation from the Trades and Labour Council which had recently waited upon them, said that they were waiting to see what the other colonies did before taking action in regard to the Chinese. But this seemed to him to be a " grow-grass starve lierse " policy, because the Chinese were at the present time flocking; into the country in thousands. He, therefore, asked them to stand shoulder to shoulder and put a stop to it. The Chinese had already ruined the furniture trade, and, as they wore an imitative race, it would not be long, if they could not make a living at furniture making before they would find another source of livelihood. They wanted the influx stopped at once. The Chinaman who came here to-day was even worse than those who arrived 30 years ago. (Cheers.) Mr. Lhnjjox supported the resolution. He said the influx of Chinese in America had proved a terrible scourge, as could easily be proved by anyone reading the evidence which had been taken before some gentlemen of standing, and in God's name, let them prevent it becoming so here. The evidence of one medical man had exposed depravity of the worst kind on their part. He urged them to be alive to their own interests, and tell the man whom they had placed" power that they would have no China- men. (Cheers.) At this stage of the proceedings Mr- G. R. Dibbs, M.L.A., and Mr. N. Melville, M.L.A., came on to the platform, and their appearance was the signal for great cheering. The Mayor put the resolution, and declared it to be carried. He then said that the letter which he had received from Mr. G. H. Reid he would read to the meeting. He did so, and it was received with cheering. Mr. Melville moved the second resolution, as follows: "That this meeting of the citizens desires to declare its strong objection to any action on the part of the Government of China in the assistance or encouragement of Chinese immigration into Australia and calls upon the ? Home Government to maintain the right of the Australian colonies to frame such laws as they may consider necessary to insure in this continent the preponderance and supremacy of the British race." He had no doubt that the resolution would be carried. He was persuaded that every Australian was of opinion that we should maintain our own rights in this matter notwithstanding any treaty that might be in existence, w o had no voice in the making of treaties, and we should not be bound by them. He said the presence of Chinese was largely due to the working mon themselves purchasing cabbages from them. He would do his utmost in Parliament to prevent the Chinese from coming into this country and to maintain their right to legislate upon the matter. He understood that the Government had intimated that there was no need for that meeting, as they would have the matter settled before it assembled. He asserted that no men had shuttled more on that question than Sir Henry Parkes. (Cheers.) He was the first man that over introduced coolie labour to this colony- (cheers) ; he was the first man that ever put a man in gaol in I his colony for being a trades, unionist. (Cheers.) He concluded by saying that sleeping or waking Melville's uniform was the ghost which frightened Parkes. (Cheers and laughter.) Mr. Sohky seconded the resolution, and in doing be contended that the question before them was not merely the question of restricting the influx of Chinese, but it was a question of making their own laws and sticking to them in defiance of anyone who might choose to interfere. That was the position they must be prepared to maintain. (Cheers.) Mr. Dibbs, who was received with cheers, said he had attended as a citizen of Sydney and an Australian, for tho purpose of joining in that large and influential meeting for the purpose of entering a protest the part of the people against the colony of New South Wales and Australia being inundated by an alien, race, (Cheers.) He was sure the meeting would bear a few words from him if he endeavoured to set himself right with regard to what was called the Chinese question. (Cheers.) He hoped no one present would tree at the meeting as one antagonistic to the Government. They were there to endeavour to strengthen the hands of the Government in what they did with regard to the important crisis which had come upon them. It was necessary for them to unite man with man to hold what they conceived to be their right. He understood that Mr. Barton had already put the matter before them in a mother, that he had touched the keynote of the whole question in asserting that the people of this land had the unalienable right to make laws for this land and preserve the soil of Australia for the Anglo- Saxon race. (Cheers.) So long as they held to that principle a principle which the people of England must admit their undoubted right to the course they were taking-they would be secure. With regard to the statements made respecting himself and the Chinese question, he should like now to put the matter clearly before them. He would confess that he was a member of the Australasian Steam Navigation Company's , board, and that he did import Chinese labour. " He made that open confession. But he would also point out that the man who relieved the colony of the mistake the Steam Navigation Company made, and who sent every man back again to China, was the man who now stood before them. (Cheers.) - The I wrong was no sooner done than he saw the mistake, and I did his host, consistent with fighting the interests of the company he represented, to make things right. He brought that strike to an amicable settlement with, the aid of the < Trades and Labour Council, and every individual China- man was sent back to his native land. (Cheers.) Those who maligned a political opponent only told half the truth. What they did in those days us freetraders-(cheers)-and in those days he was a freetrader was the undoubted result of the logic of free trade. The freetraders of to-day allowed in another form what they had met that evening to protest against. They were protesting against Chinese being landed here you, under tree trade-to which he had confessed his errors, and was now a protectionist-(cheers)-they were importing into the colony labour from China. He failed to see the difference between importing men from China and work done in China., He hoped what they were doing on the present occasion would strengthen, the hands of the Government. If the Government failed to do its duty, the people of the colony would speak out as one man, and would, he hoped, approach the Imperial Government and ask them to amend the treaties against which they were now protesting. (Cheers.) They had the right to legislate for themselves, and as long as they had that power, it must not be in shadow, but in substance. No law or treaty must be made by the Imperial Government injurious In form to the Anglo-Saxon, race. He most heartily supported the resolutions, and thanked the meeting for the opportunity given him to wipe out the slanders made by opponents. Having once done wrong, and, having made a public confession of it, he hoped he would not be called upon to do so again. (Cheers.) The resolution was carried unanimously, and, at the request of Air. Melville, three cheers were given for Mr. Dibbs. Mr. Flë-CHek; who was received with loud cheers, moved the third resolution, as follows:-"That the Most Worshipful the Mayor be invited to head a deputation to his Excellency the Governor, to-morrow, Wednesday, at noon, to present the foregoing resolution, the deputation to consist of the following gentlemen: Hon. Edmund Burton, M.L.C., Messrs. G. it. Dibbs, James Herbert N. Melville, E. W. O'Sullivan, T. T. Ewing, W. F. Schey,. MALA., sued the members of the Trades and Labour Council." He expressed the pleasure he felt at being there to once more enter his protest against the influx of Chinamen to the Australasian colonies. He had been opposed to it for years. He urged them not to deal' with the.. Chinese, and, if they followed that advice, they would soon get rid of the evil of having such' undesirable people among them. He was glad to see that the working men had at last awakened to a sense of their duty in regard to this matter, and that they were determined to prevent Chinamen from coming here. They must do everything in a constitutional way. They must be prepared to strengthen the hands of the Government in every action they took towards accomplishing the great end they had in view. There must be no party. spirit in this lilovo'uient ; but the V must go hand in hand to strengthen every action taken by the Government, and if we had not the power, to get that power to deal effectively with the matter. (Cheers.) He hoped there never would be any disturbance between the colonies and the mother country; but self-preservation was the first law of nature, and it we did not possess all the powers requisite to enable us' to do away with the terrible evil which had come upon us, then we must not be content with asking we must demand that power. (Cheers.) And if England found the treaties entered into with China in the. interests of her moichants-(cheurs)-were of a character that would prevent her from giving us the power in a constitutional way, then it would come to a question of China or Australia. (Cheers.) We were endeavouring to build up a great empire, and whatever stood in the way of accomplishing that must be swept away, no matter what the consequences might be. Cheers.) He hoped the agitation which had been just begun would not be a mere flash in the pan, but that the work would be continued until they had the satisfaction of knowing that every Chinaman had left the country. (Cheers.) Mr. John ISuiuom seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. On the motion of Mr. J. W. Wathen", seconded by Mr. W. IIioiiaiuisun, a, hearty vote of thanks was passed to the Mayor for presiding over the meeting. The Mahdi, in responding, spoke warmly in support of the objects of the meeting. The proceedings terminated with cheers for the Queen 