Australian Churches. Sermon by Dr. Moornouse. On Sunday, May 20, a sermon wns preaohod » »t Great St. .Mary's, Cambridge, by tho Right Hov. tbo Lord Bishop of Manchester (Dr. Uoorhoupo), St. John's Coilogo, Itamsden Piciieher, and ]ato Bishop of Melbourno. Tho text wuo Acts, chapter i., verso 8 : 'Ye shall recoivo power whon tho Holy Ghost in como upon you : aud yo rIiuII bo ray witnesses, holh in Jerusalen and nil Judea and Samaria, and unto tho uttermost parts of the earth,' and tho bishop said : — I am to speak to you to-day about tho posi- - tion find expansion of tho Church of England in the colonies and dependencies of tho British Empiro, and I daro say you will pardon mo if I conrino my observations to that part of this ?wide bubject of which I havo eoino personal knowledge For moro than nine yeara I watched tho operations of Ouu Churoh in Australia, and took necessarily an activo part in its work &nd; government. During that, period I read many reports of tho condition and projrross of the church, now by residents and now by pass ing visitors, but in all vases they seemed to mo to be either erroneous or incomplete. Some times thoy reforrod to work in special diatriots, and sometimes to such passing phases of church development as happened to striko tho mind of an intelligent stranger, but in no caso could I havo said that thoy prosonted Mich a picture of tho reality as would convoy an adequate impression to the mind of an uninetructcd reader. I am quito awaro of the immense difiiculty of producing suoh a picture. Nothing indeed is easier than to copy from some textboolc tho number of hiahopa, elergy, communicants, and adhoronts in tho 1 3 Australian dioceses, to comparo tho number of such officers and members, and tho amount of tho funds ?which they raise, with the corre sponding returnsatsoinccarlicrdato, and tlienco to draw conclusions, favourable or tho opposite, after tho manner of statisticians. But this, after all, tells one very little What an intelli gent observer desires to know is, The Eeal Meanino op These Fiqubes. At tho present time, for instance, he would he likely to put such questions as those : Is tho incrcaso which you noto due to anything olso than the natural, the almost mechanical ad vance of a body of men, set apart to do what is thought to he a useful work, and urged by their interest not less than by thoir convictions to extend it ? When you bui'd new churches, are thoy filled, and filled Ly men who heartily Lelievo tho doctrines preached in them ? Do the colonists accept your ministrations with the hearty response of faith, or only with tho per functory acquiescence of those who think it respectable, or comfortable, or perhaps evon useful to renew dropped habits, nud to imitate tho examplo of their forefathers? In ono ?word, is the Church of England in the colonies Jl Liviko Fobce oe Only a Fahiliak Form, Accepted fob Want op Something Betteb? Some of these would be rather awkward questions if asked about the church at home, and you must not expect me to give an uncon ditional answer to any of them. But this in jrtneral I can honestly say that the Church of England has many children in tho colonies who give their time and money and energy to sup port and extend it, because they believe that God's Spirit is in it, and that, with all its im perfections, it is the best, and for them the most anthoritativo form of tho Kingdom of God with ?which they are acquainted. No doubt there are many professing members of the Church of England there who cunnot be expected to seek its ministrations for themselves. Scattered jcttlern FIGHTING a Hard Battle for Bread, straitened in their means, wearied with their labour, and often depressed in spirit by their isolation, are too likely, if left alone, to sink into religious indifference. And this, surely, is no more than might bo expected. Dr. Chalmers pointed out long ago that freetrade in religion could never answer. There is no difficulty in creating a demand for tho good things of the life of sense. But in tho pre sent state of man's nature, attribute it to what you will, whether to original lapse or an im perfect working out of the brute, nothing is more difficult than to keep alive in the mind of the average man his interest in tho unseen and eternal. Certainly The Supply of Religious Ordinances will be small enough, if it is left to be regulated by the natural demand for them. Tho churoh mubt undoubtedly take the initiative if sho is to keep alivo tho spark of religious faith in the hearts of her children. But, while admitting this, I want to make you understand, not only that the church in the colonies has force enough in it to take the initiative, but also that when it makes advances, its offors of help and service are most eagerly and thank iully received. The religious sense exists in our people. It is the stamp of their Toutonio or Celtic origin ; yea, if ono raay say so with out bnaBting, of tho depth and nobility of thoir nature. They are nuturally religious. They feel the . Gbeatness op this Infinite Unseen ?which encompasses thorn, and thoy desiro to «nter into reverential communion with it. No sooner, then, are they offered tho reasonable ministrations of the church of their futhorland, than they welcome them gladly, and nro roady to make sacrifices to maintain and retain them. If tho chnrch fails in any distriot, it is gene rally, nay, I would eay almost always, owing to some fault or deficiency in tho minister. But now, I maybe asked, if the church lives at present in tho hearts of her children, What Abe Hee Prospects foe the Future *' What is the present mental oulturo of Lor people ? May wo assume that they know uny thing of those modern speculations, which havo proved themselves such dangerously disinte grating forces at home, and if not what is likely to bo tho effect of such speculations, when, as is inevitable, thoy make thoir way to tho antipodes ? I am afraid tint my ansvvor to this question cannot be a simple or a short one. Tho population of such a colony as Victoria way be roughly divided into two parts : that of the city and that of the bush. In snoh a oity as Melbourne there is a small class of Highly Cultubed Men. °who read all important English and American ?works and tho prinoipal magazines almost as toon as thoy are published. No doubt tho majority of the citizens, there, as in other groat ?omroercial centres, spend the n.uiu purt of their timo and energy in pushing thoir business. But, whatever may be tho cause, whethor tho beautiful olimato, or tho general prosperity, or the buoyanoy of feeling in a now world, or all of theso together, certain it is that men mako aaoro loisuro for reading, yea, and show moro interest in tho highest subjects of thought than do the corresponding oIusbob at homo. Nor is thiR intercat in great subjects confined to the xioher part of tho population. It is universal. The proof of this, and perhaps to a oortain ?xtent tho cause of it, is to be found in the oharacter of The Coloxial Newspapers. Thoy give to thoir readers, not merely a record of sooial and commercial changes, not merely reports of political, municipal, and judioiul proceedings, with Bcrappy notices of popular books, but also elaborato and well-written reviews of thoughtful works, with full reports of all important lectures on theological and -philosophical subjects. If, then, a working man roads nothing but his nowspaper, his attention is attraoted to the most weighty and ennobling themes by the olear thought and bright stylo of tho reports and roviows whioh lie flpda there. I am afraid that thoro iB far less interest in suoh subjects among tho corre sponding olnsa at homo. Tho votenm liwturor, Thomas Cooper, complained that on tho ooca aion of a late visit to Lancashire he found that tho interest of working men in tho highest subjeots had doolined. Thoy talkod mainly, he laid. About DnjpmmB and ' Co-ora,' Ibat is shares in co-operativo companies. And that remark of his points, I believe, to one main reason of tho difforonoo in this roBjjeot between English and colonial working men. At homo tho atten tion of tho work'ng classes is turned as strongly : to the improvement of their material oondiffon as is that of thinkors in goneral to physioal science, and for tho same reason, that for the first time in many centuries offcrt in theso directions has booomo fruitful and hopeful. One cannot wonder that in theso days the Eng ' ieh ?working olauBos are bent on eoouring Better PaonsiON ron Their TPjjutMsa. . ! They needed it, and they havo only just grasped tho means of gaining it. But then it follows that thoy are tempted to hope too much from material good, and to lose thoir interest in higher things. Now, in tho colonies, whoro all men have land of their own, or hi^h wages, they understand better that souls cannot bo fed on things, and that whun a mau has got tho largest share of worldly goed which ancquitablo distribution cun assign to him, he ?will only begin to live when ho begins to have communion with tho ideal and tho eternal. I found accordingly that interest in roiigious thought and feeling was often moro largely developed in tho bnph districts than oven in the cities. Work in those districts, it is true, is hard and exhausting, and tho SOLATION of the Lonely FARMERS toiling in forest clearings, or upon sparsely peopled plains is sometimes very painful. But then tho newspaper, with its large and liberal message, reaches them wellnigh every day. Into the remotest corners of tho vast forest the postman, on foot or on horseback, contrives to penetrate; and when work is over, and tho log-fire crackles in tho chimney, . and tho kerosine lamp is lighted, tho farmer settles himself to reading, which often means to thinking, upon tho deepest questions which are occupying tho mind of the age. These men have heard of Huxley and Tyndall, aye, of Baur and Strauss, of Herbert Spencer and of Schopenhauer, and many a time I have found eager auditors in wooden halls and schoolhouses when I have dealt with sub jects which would have been thought abstruse and uninteresting at home. It in A Bracing Exercise and a keen delight, I can assure you, to pour out tho deepest thoughts of one's heart to such an audience of thoughtful men, so still, so eager and appreciative. Yes, there is deep religious feeling in Australia, and if thought on religious subjects be sometimes daring and erratic, if solitary brooders, with imperfect knowledge and culture, have sometimes come to strange and startling conclusions, is this anything more than might have been expected? At any rate, thought is alive, feeling is in tense, nnd if with such hearers a man cannot show that the Gospel of Christ has an answer to the deep questions that are stirring within, this must be tho fault either of the coldness or narrowness of tho speaker. A hundred times I have been gratefully assured by serious men that the Gospel, LARGELY AND LIBERALLY INTERPRETED. has met their deepest needs, and is held fast with a loving conviction, all the more tenacious for that discipline of doubt which has cleared the way to its better understanding. I can say then with confidence that tho Gospel of Christ in its spiritual simplicity has a deep and secure place in the hearts of thousands of Australian believers. But how, you may ask, about that particular form of it presented by tho Church of England ? Are the doctrines, tho discipline, and tho worship of that church as welcome as the heart-searching words of its Divine Master ? I cannot, of course, say that even in respect to those who , profess to belong to tho church of England. But this I can say, that hundreds of thousands of Australians think the Church of England to be the organisa tion which best represents the Christian religion, and that all which is needed to make it the church of tho future is such reform as its fundamental constitution admits of. I must not conceal from you, however, that reform is desired by many even in its dogmatic statements. Tho only painful debate which evor occurred in my Diocesan Assembly was on a proposal to request tho General Synod of Australia to relieve tho difficulty which some churchmen felt in reciting The Athanasian Creed. Tho voting on this motion showed that a small majority of tho lny members of tho Assembly were in favour of some alteration, while a small majority of the clergy were against it. As the voting in the Assombly is taken by orders, and no proposition cau bo carried with out a majority of both orders, tho resolution was lost. As, however, the loud clamour of the conservative members had oreatod the impres sion that tho Asseembly was decidedly opposed to any change, tho result was looked upon as a victory by tho Liberal party, and I cannot doubt that a similar resolution will ho ultimately carried in that Assembly. Another sign of tho growing desire for reform in doctrine was a resolution introduced by a Prominent High- Churchman at the General Synod of Australia, recom mending the omission in daily worship of the imprecatory psalms. Again tho furious con servatism of some members of tho synod (offended at tho rather inconsiderate language of tho mover of the resolution) cleared a sceuo. So imminent indeed appeared the danger 'of a schism, that some of us had to patch up a peace by sup pressing the question. It is pretty sure, how ever, to be brought on again, and will ulti mately lead, I cannot doubt, to some change. Those who still use THE Imprecatory Psalms had to explain that they only read them as they read tho lessons in some other parts of tho Old Testament, as interesting and edifying records of early phases of tho spiritual life. It was urged, however, on the other side, that in the minds of plain men the imprecatory Psalms ccoupy a place in our service which gives to them tho character of worship, and that as expressions of Christian feeling they are not to be endured. Some relief was anticipated from a new translation, but when men find that tho Revised Version repeats such a Psalm as the 60th in the imprecatory form, tho demand for reform is sure to become more urgent. Much will be borne in Australia, but Patience has its Limit, and that limit lias clearly been reached on this subjeot in tho Episcopil Church of America. The revised prayer-book of that church has pro vided ten new selections of Psalms to be said instead of the Psalms for tho day, at tho dis cretion of the minister. Somo of tho Psalms in these selections have been made more suitable for Christian worship by tho omission of verses which express earlier and ruder phases of tho religious feeling, and if only a reform of this kind be consistently carried out, the hymns of tho sweet singers of Israel will be ns wolcomo and as suitablo in the Christian worship of tho future as tho very best of thoso which find a place in our hymnbooks. If tho Australian Church should presS upon us a demand for the Reform of Our Psalmody, it will, I think, do us an important servico by compelling tho sorious consideration of this sub ? ject. Still it must not ba supposed that thoso reforming movements are necessarily tho heralds of schism or heresy. Australian churchmen havo no desire to leavo or destroy the ohuroh of thoir father*. They wish to stand upon tho old linos, to keep unbrokon tho bond of their union with tho historic past, and to conserve those matchless forms of prayor and praise which embody tho most spiritual devo tion of all the Christian agep. Thoy want re form, not revolution ; The Improvement op the Old Cnuacu, not tho creation of another. Aud thoy are tho more established in this conservatism of fooling by their too intimuto acquaintance with tho ead results of Protestant divisions. Peoplo in England cannot understand the full ovil of sectarian competition. Thoy have a. national church, which by means of tho Christian liber ality of our ancestor**, can still hold its ground in the poor and scantily-peopled parts of tho country, and whioh by its national position E resents a musnivo rallying lino for all the roken skirmishing parties of tho Protestant sects. It is othorwiso in tho colooioB of Aus tralia. - Tho Church of England is still indeed recognised thoro ns thoir churoh by a larger nnmber of people than profess thoir adhosion to any other religious denomination. This cir cumstance, and tho feeling that our ohuroh is The Chubcu or the English Nation, give to it a position of primaoy, and to its bishops a foremost place amongdt Protestant ministers, which, howovor grudgiugly at times acknowledged, is plainly enough folt and assumed. It must not bo supposed, however, that this position of advantage suflicea to diminish to an oppreoiublo degroo tho ovils of Eeotarinn jealousy and contention. No sooner has a small township boon established in a lush clearing than a race boginB botweon tho several religious denominations to bo tho first in tho field with a ohuroh nnd minister. In (solf perhaps that.is no: srroat ovil. Botter, for is it, that tho Gospols hould reach tho pooplo at onco Through CoiiPETmyi: Jealousy than that it should not roach thorn at all, or only after years of a secularising indifforeuoe. No soonor, howevtr, in ono denomination on the ground than others hasten to follow it, and Boon in some little township, containing neither peoplo nor means enough to maintain one minister, hiilf a dozen will bo offoring their services. What jealousies and heartburn ings, what loss of Christian charity aud lowering of spiritual tone that means, ycu can easily imagine. Nor is this tho worst. Whon several religious communities establish themselves in each small township, ministors oan only obtain a mainten ance by enlarging tho sphoro of their opera tions and diminishing in each place tho number of their servioes. Thus work becomes so difficult, harassing, and physically exhausting, that it tells with terriblo effect on tho quality both of ministers aud their ministration?. And though Many Dstoted Men are spending their strength with splondid reok lessnesH on theso npcountry districts, sectarian divisions aru too surely producing their inevit able fruit of deterioration and discouragement. Hero is tho very latest utteranco on this sub ject (published only thrco month.! ago) of a friend of my own, tho zealous aud devoted Bibhnp of Bullarat. Ho U speaking of the north-western part of his diocese, and he says : ' Tho chief 'practical hindrance to church work hero is beyond all question that to whioh I have mado somo reference already : I mean tho Divisions of Protestantism. Eeformed Christianity cannot bo massive and potent in the colonial settlements so long as six or eiiven different bodies solioit the separate ndberenco of tho people. Our churob, ques tionless, is fur the best exponent of Christianity for tho colonial populations, aud giasps and holds tho most influential place everywhere if sho can bo first in tho field and worthily repre sented. But, as it is, north-west Viotoria is being steadily pro-occupied by an ill-educated and contentions seotarianfsm.' After stating theee difficulties tho good bishop says, as I should expect him to say, that he would rather tho Gospel wnH thus preached than not at all, and ho announces hiB intention of endeavouring to bring about some understanding botween the heads of Protestant Christianity iu Victoria, with a View to DijnNieniNO hie Evils which ho has described. I confess that I have myself very littlo confidence in the efflcaoy of such agreements, having witnessed tho failure of one or two. Tho best hope for tho fuluro of Protestant' Christianity in the colonies lies, in my judgement, in tho steadfast determination of the Church of England, whilo simplifying her dogmas and enlurging her oharity, to sub mit to any inconveniences aud reproaches rather than consent to break her unity. Lot her pet rid as Boon as Bho can of all those bristling causes of irritation which fret her wisest sons, let her abandon as false and un christian All Sacerdotal Pbstension nnd all unbrotherly arrogance, and then I be lieve that in no long time the devoutest of tho Nonconformist will rally to her as the best and freest representative of Catholic unity now left in the Christian world. I havo sail that the sentiment of unity is strong and influential in tho Australian churches, and 1 must now add that in their ecclesiastical organisation they have shown themsolvos equally mindful of tho claims of liberty and especially of the claim to recoirai tion of tho lay element in tho churoh. Each dioccso in Australia has its synod, empowered by Act of Parliament, or established by common con Bent of its memberi). In the former oaso it legislates with authority on all subjects, except those connected with faith and doctrine, or those resorved by consent for tho consideration of tho General Synod of Aus tralia. In the latter case the same authority is securrd for the actB of tho Diocesan Synod by what i& called consensual compact — the agree ment, that is, of every clergyman or officer of the church, beforo he is invested with his office, to submit to tho laws of the synod. Since, therefore, every legislative act of these bodies affects some important interest of tho church, their debates aro never wanting either in earnestness or practical aim. I shall best perhaps give you an idea of the composi tion and action of these synods if I desoribe to you, as shortly as possible, tho constitutions and functions of the Chuboh Assembly op Melboubne. This assembly consists of tho bishop, tho licensed clergy, and ono or moro than ono lay representative of each parish or district in the dioccso. These all sit and debate together — the bishop beintr ex officio chairman— but thoy aro three separate orders, and no act or resolution can bo valid unless it has been up proved by all the orders, tho votes of the clergy and luity being taken separately, and tho consent of tho bishop being signified' by his affixing his signature to any aot which the clergy and luily have approved. The legisla tion of this assembly regulates all The Practical Afpaibs op TnE Chubcii, determines tho incidents of all trusts, the con ditions of all elections of officers, and tho duties and rights of clergymen, churchwardens, nnd vestrymen. By an act of tho Assombly a court has been formed for tho trial of any clorgyman who may bo charged with heresy, irregularity, or moral delinquency. Tho court consists of tho Chancellor of tho Dioceso, and of two clerical und two lay assessors appointed by tho Church Assembly ; and its proceedings aro so simple and inexpensive, that it is a real terror to ovil-doers, whilo at tho samo timo its provisions for tho fair trial of offencos is so adequato that ono nover hears such Complaints op its Constitution ^^ as aro eometimes made so loudly in respect to that of tho ecclesiastical oourts of England. Tho Churoh Aneembly has also constituted a board of patronage for each parish, consisting half of members chosen by the assombly, and half of laymen chosen by tho parishioners of each cure. At this board tho bishop ocoupics the chair, aud li'is a vote and a casting vote. You will not fail to observe that in all tho acts of ecclesiastical life in tho diocese of Melbourne the laity have an effective share. No law can be mado without their assent in synod. No olorgyman can bo punished without their voioo being heard in the courts. No olork can bo appointed to a parochial benefice without their co-operation. The consequence is that the Laity take a Deep Interest iu all the affairs cf tho ohuroh, that they aro for the most port ready both with purso and service to sustain tho church's work, and that by their tact nnd practical windom they oon ? tribute no littlo to the popularity and effective ness of tho churoh's legislation and judiouture. I muBt apologise for dwelling eo long on theso details, but I do not Bee how I could otherwise givo you any adequato idea of the deep aud living interest which Australian churchmen show in the church of thoir fathers. I muBt not omit to notice, that in addition to dioacsan assemblies there iu a general synod, consisting of lay and clerical representatives of nil tho dioceses in Australia. ? Its constitution ie so similar in os eentialB to that of tho Diooesan Synod whioh I have described that I need only Bay further, that it legislates for the moro general interests of the Australian churches, and that its determinations havo no force in any dioceso until thoy havo boon accepted by the synod of that dioceRB. Nothing enn bo moro startling to ono who has known them both, than tho painful contrast botween this free provincial synod and the convocations of England. On tho ono hand, you havo An Ancikkt and Cuhbboub Machine, creaking painfully as it trios to movo, liko somo old medireval wain, hamporcd by indefinite privileges, crippled by legislative disabilities, stultified too often by impoBsiblo modes of pro ccduro, and, worst of all, paralysed by tho eeneo of its imporfeo'iy representative charactor and of its wordy ineffectiveness. On tho other hand, you havo an assombly in whioh tho bishops ropresent tho only official olomont, whoro tho olorioal inombors aro frooly ohoson by tho whole body of tho faithful in thoir diooowin synods, and where a largo lay eloment, ohoson in liko manner, and consisting of somo of tho boat and ablest ohurohmon in Australia, adequately re presents tho feelings and opinions of tho non .- clerical members of the churoh. Thoso Ail Sit and Debate Together, . a'though the votos of tho different erdors are taken separately, and their mode of proceduro is thut which practice has rendered familiar in the Parliaments of tho colony. As the delates prooeed, you can foel that men are speaking under tho senso of a doublo 13 spc naibility, that of representing largo and in telligent constituencies, and that of having their words followed by acts which shall affect the most vital interests of a groat historical church. Debato iu bueh an assombly as that awakens a man's deepest feclinga and oallaout his utmost powers. It, would make him serious und tamest, even if ho wero not bo by hubit nnd character. I think it right to tell you, because the fact seems to bo scarcely realised in England, that the Genond Synod of Aua trulia looks upon itself as a provincial synod of tho Church of Englund, as fully entitled to dtul viitli all possible questions as tho Convoca tion of ioik or of Cunterbury. Even as re gards questions of doctrine and worship, it claims Tjte IiiaiiT op Independent Debate and resolution. But' just us tho Convocation of Canterbury would not feel itself competent to ttt!.o action ulone on an important matter, in flu name of tho Church of England, neither would tho Goneral Synod of Australia presumo to ohango any doctrinal or ritual form in the nmno of the .Church of England without tho concuirenco of York and Canterbury. Its members, and especially its lay members fre quently insist upon the 'fact that thoy are mem bers of tho Church of England, and will not hear of any divergence from EngliiOi law or practico sufficiently serious to create a Church of Australia. It is in vain that eager spirits remind them that thus they are hampering themselves with all tho vexatious dolays of English ecclesiastical legislation. English Churchmen they are, and Unglieh CnuBOHMEN They Will Rekain ; free, if you like, bnt with a freedom rigidly limited by thut condition. But though revolu tion is the last thing which I should expect in any diocesan or provincial synod of Australia, I do hopo thut the ppeculutive earnestness of colonial churchmen, their freedom of debate, their affectionate reverence for the mother church, arid their thoroughly English instinct of hastening slowly, may invest thoir con clusions on important subjects with interest and weight at home, and that following their initiative, the English convocations may take jnto their grave consideration 60ma of TnE Bubning Questions op Our Tike. I have thus endeavoured to show you the hold which tho church in tho colonies has upon her sons, by sketching for you us fully as my narrow limits would permit, first the relations of colonial churchmen to tho Christian faith, and second to church organisations. Tho future of a nation or a church depends far less on its numbers than o» tho strength of tho spiritual forceB which dwell within it. Num bers did not save tho Roman Empire from decay wlien its people had lost the religious feeling and Btnrdy patriotism, of their earlier dayB, nor wns tho extinction of the church in Northern Afri«a prevented by tho Ncxuer op Superstitious Wobldings who culled thomeelves her members. Unless, however, I am wholly mistaken in my diagnosis, thero is amongst colonial churchmen a very deep faith in tho fundamental verities of the Christian religion, and an attachment to the church of their fathers, not merely [esthetic or Eentipental, but deep, based upon a rational conviction of its worth and of its capacity to adapt itself to tho needs of a thoughtful ago and of a now -world. Tiiey have their own difficulties, as wo have ours. It is no moro ea(.y for them than for us to reooncila The Claims op a Daring Speculation and of a timid orthodoxy ; to spur on tho sluggish and to restrain tuo rash, to advanco whero advance is desirable, and yot so to moderate tho eagerness of the forward as not to saorifice unity Jto novelty or charity to en thusiasm. They have, howover, many things in their favour. Their leading men clearly seo the dangers by whioh thoy aro besot, and have full opportunity to lift up tho voico of warning in synod nud in tho Press. If any havo grievances, whether clergy or laity, thoy can got them fairly entertained and dobated by OESemhlies in which all huve^oonfidence. Aud if at times tho forces of advauco and delay come into rude collision in thoBQ assemblies, wise men can always appeal to tho caution of tho English nature nnd to tho moderation of self governing men. . The wonderful and ToucnrNG Devotion of Oub Colonists to tho motherland and her national ohuroh is another clement of stability. It must bo a desperato feud indeed which could not bo healed iu an Australian synod by tho suggestion toroferthe disputed point to home authority, and accept its decision as final. In bringing theae brief suggestions to a closi, I must not omit to say that the futuro of the colonial church, as of every uhursli, will depend, more than anything else, upon the power and character of tho clergy. To raiso up loaders and teachers with tho highest gifts of mind and heart, this iB the ' Most Vital Requibement of tho Churoh of Christ. Quostions aro being debated to-day which go down to tho very roots of our nature and of our knowledgo, and none but clear, strong thinkers can so much as understand them. Foroes, again, are making themselves felt in everyday lifo whioh threaten the very foundation of our moral purity, and which oan only bo resisted by tho storn deter mined action of an unfaltering faith, how then is the colonial ohuroh to get the teauhers whom it needs, Men of Wide Tnouanr, of large culture, of ohastoned wisdom, of earnest purpose, of all-ombraoing oharity ? It is doing for itself tho beBt whioh it can, by establishing in its universities theologioal Echools whero, by tho holp of scholarships and bursaries, the more promising of its pooror students can be mado sharers in tho best culture of tho age. It is only, howover, in a.fow favoured dioceses that this provision can bo made, and not even in thom with anything liko ndequaoy. Still, for many critical years tho eoloniul [church must look for loaders to the great English universities. Aro thoro any Young Men Listening to Me now, who, conscious of groat powors and a generous purpose, seek more froedom for their energies than the rigid limits of English lifo permit, and who would feel greater interest in making then- own road than in following the well-worn paths into which tho force of irresis tible custom would drivo them F Then lut thom go forth in this their might into those now and inobile forms of colonial Booioty which are ready to take tho impress of any strong hand, and they shall not be disappointed. Roughness thoy must expect, and conflict, but then, as a compensa tion, their lifo will bo filled with movement and meaning, and when By God's Grace Their Wobk is Dose, they shall 6eo the viBiblo marks of it in tho shaping of u new Ktronir lifo, wbioh shall carry their msmory on its swelling tide, as it flows forward to the greater future Wo com lncmorato to-day the coming of that Holy One who kindled tho hearts and fired the tongues of tho first messengers of grace. Oh ! if He ehonld come now to nomo of you — oome in the uprising of a great reaolvo, or in tho strong whisper of an urgent call, forgot not, I pray you, either the promise or tho prediction of the text. ' Yo shall receivo power uf tor that the Holy Ghost is como upon you,' and then under the urgency and in tho exertion of that power, ' yo ehall be My witnesses iu Jerusalem, and in all Judiea and Sumaria, and unto tho uttermost part of tho earth.' 