THE DUCHESS THE RIGHT TRANSLATION IS RESERVED. CHAPTER XXIII. By the author of “ Phyllis,” “ Molly Bawn,’ “Mrs Geoffrey,” “Lady Brauksmere,” &c.; “But now the hand of fate is on the curtain, And gives the scene to light.” In the morning that tiresome headache is worse than ever. Norah manages to get down to breakfast, but only to play with her toast ami to refuse with a glance of distaste anything offered her. “Hmv ill you look darling,” says Madam, some hours later, meeting her in one of the anterooms, equipped for walking. “Like a little pretty ghost. lam so distressed about it; ami your father coming to- morrow, too ! It is dreadful: he will say I have not taken any care yon.” “ Who could have taken more s"’ says the Duchess, sweetly, slippiug an aim round her ueck. “ You have made me feel always that you love me.” “ Have 1?” very pleased. “That is as it should be, then, and only the barest truth. Every mother should love her own little daughter.” She smiles aud kisses the girl with a lingering fondness, and smoothes back the soft ruffled locks from her hot brow. “ You are quite feverish, darling. Do \ T ou know I am growing really uneasy about you.” “ It is this headache.” “ But what a persistent one. Will you see Doctor Morgan?'' “ N T *>, 11*1, indeed,” laughing. “ What non sense, Auntie. I'll tell you, though, what I think of doing. Of going out, aud staying our for quite ever so long. Make an excuse for me at luncheon, and don't expect me again until you see me. I feel as if a good dose of the strong wild wind outside is the one thing that can blow these c ibwebs out of my brain.” “ Then go, by all means, dearest. Try your own medicine litst, mine afterwards,” says Madam. “ But, before you go—a bis cuit ami a glass of Madeira. Come now, I insist, aud for reward, I'll tell any pretty fib you like about you at luncheon.” The dull and cheerless sun, that all day long has been making so poor a pretence at jollity, has at last sunk behind the hills. Already daylight wanes, aud the heavy gusts of wind that, rushing through the fir tops, stirred the wide air since early dawn, have now gained in strength, and are roar ing sullenly with a subdued force, that speaks of a violent outburst later ou. One or two heavy drops of.raiu fall with a quick, soft sound at Norab’s feet. They rouse her from the reverie iu which she has almost lost herself; rouse her, too, to a knowledge of the fact that day is nearly dead, and that the air is full of signs of the coming storm. So busy have been her thoughts during her long, swift ramble through the woods and over the hills, and thence into unkuown woods again, that to her it seems as though it is but a little while since she walked from the broad stone steps that lead to the en trance door at Castle Vaatry; aud yet, in reality, how long has it been ? she pauses to look round her to notice for the first time how swiftly the darkness is beginning to fall; to see, too, with a vague yet sharp touch of fear, that the place wherein she now stands is strange, unkuown to her. Whither have her restless feet car ried her; all the landmarks by which she had been used to guide herself are now* behind her, lost to her, unless she can retrace her steps to some spot familiar. A huge black cloud has gathered overhead, and is covering all the heavens. A little fine, white mist begins to fall, a shadowy sort of shower, that presently declares itself more openly, and becomes au honest downpour. Larger and larger grow the drops, darker aud darker the atmosphere; and uow that first mild sense of fear gathers in force aud becomes uncomfortably definite. Turning, she begins to walk briskly iu the way she Believes sue has come, but which in veality is only taking her the more decidedly from Ventry; when she has walked iu this direction about 20 minutes, she pauses and looks around her, only to find herself hope lessly astray. Blacker grows the leaden sky above, as teeu in irregular patches through the arching branches over her head. Slowly, steadily rises the storm; already the wind begins to rush past her with a fierceness that makes her limbs tremble. Standing still with her arm around a sapling oak for support, and feeling a very natural thrill of terror as she acknowledges to herself that she scarcely knows where to .turn, she happens to lift her head and there on the right she ■sees an old broken-down cottage, or hut rather—close to a tall fir tree; that appears to bend overitas if offering protection. It will give shelter at least, Running towards it she steps quickly, thankfully, into the miserable one bare room of which it cm boast. Dead leaves blown in by many winds strew the earthen floor. A wide open chimney holds on its hearth the grey ashes of dead files old and gone. The Duchess, with a sense of rather un canny loneliness, looks with ungrateful back ward glances ut this spot that alone has held out to her the arms of pity. How long has it stood here a prey to ghosts ? Not so long, apparently. In one corner stands a pile of rotten fir logs, and uear it a bundle of twigs, or “ kippens,” as the peasants call them, that suggests a desire ou the part of the late tenants to light one more fire before they* should leave this dilapidated home for ever. Through two large holes in the thatched roof the rain is falling with a quick steady drip, and Norali, avoiding it as best she may*, leans disconsolate against the open doorway and gazes with many misgivings on the dismal scene without. It must be now about 5 o clock according to her calculation—in reality* it is considerably* later—and they* will all be now in the library, some gathered round the welcome tea- tray, others lounging in pretty tea gowns in the softest chairs to be found. Denis, too, will have come in loug ago from his shooting, and perhaps—perhaps will now be thinking of her and wondering where she is. A little uneasy, too, it may be. She can almost see his haudsome, rather melan choly face of late, with the eyes turning so constantly to the door. Well, well; why think of it? He may wouder and watch, and long for her coining, but of what avail will it be. There is no end to it but one. She will not dwell upon it. Let her rather turn her thoughts to the fact that she is imprisoned here until the storm shall cease, and that even after that she will not know what direction to take to reach Veutry. How dark it "rows, blacker and blacker frown the heavens. The dimmest twilight is all that is left of the day just doue. What will they think of her at the Castle? With what a contemptuous sneer Katherine will hint at the barbarous bad taste of those who can plunge so unreasonably a whole household into a state of apprehension, for the sake of their own idle whims. And besides—Great Heaven! what is that? Only the report of a gun. But coming through the gathering darkness of the des cending night, it strikes with a cold terror at her heart. And then all at once, she scarcely knows why*, that past scencc npou ! the gravel sweep, stands out before her mental gaze once more. Once again the dog’s yelp of agony sounds on the air; ouce again Moloney is felled to the ground; she sees him rise, and marks again the deadly threat of vengeance in his eyes. A fear, born of nothing, as true fears sometimes are, becomes strong within her. Her heart beats fast, her hands grow cold, her cheek pales. How if that murderous, though silent threat, has been even now ful filled ! if even now he, her soul’s beloved, lies powerless, dead, with the heavy cruel pattering rain falling, falling always on the dull insensate body. It is but a little thing after this to picture the white ghastly upturned face, with the dead staling eyes, the parted lips showing the gleaming teeth just a little. . Oh, hea ven ! Oh, no ! Oh ! no, no, no ! She shuddered violently, and flings outlier hands as though to ward off the awful sight; and as she thus stands trembliug all over, again that sharp sound rings through the darkness. She clutches the doorway, aud with dilated eyes stares outwards, straiuiug sight and hearing. Again !—close at hand it now sounds rings out the sharp crack of a revolver, and following on it, the bang of a breech-loader. To her unpractised ear both sounds are alike, but for all that, instinct is alert within her, and holds up a warning hand, and not for one moment is she deluded by the reason able solution of the problem that Denis on his homeward way has just kuocked over a brace of cock. Conquering a sickening seusation that comes very* near to fainting, she rushes im petuously* out of the house, aud through the blinding rain makes her way* to the spot from whence the sounds have come. To her surprise, a very short lun brings her to a rise iu tire ground that betrays to her the fact of a road that lies just below where she is staudiug. A high bank, topped by furze bushes, hides that part of the wood where she now stands from the public way*, though a dilapi dated gateway lower down permits her to see where the road inns. As she draws nearer to it she becomes conscious that broken sounds are beginning to fall upon her ear; panting breaths, muttered curse s , the swaying movements of feet. lu this moment she knows, us well as though she can already* see him, that Denis is on the road, close to that broken gateway, and that he is fighting fiercely for dear life. All at once her faintness leaves her. A cold chill rushes through her, hardeuing every nerve. Springing to the top of the high bank, she looks through the furze bushes down on to the road beneath, and sees— CHAPTER XXIV. 11 Courage is a sort of armor to the mind, ami keeps an unwelcome impression from driving too deeo into perception." It is D'-nis she sues first.. He is facing her; whilst his opponent—who has grasped him by the throat with a savage giip, and is straining eveiv nerve to bring him to the ground—has his back to her. He is a powerful-looking Ilian, aud even as Norah looks on, frozen by horror, he makes an I effort to bring down the handle of the re volver he carries upon Delam-y’s head, with the intent to hammer out his brains. It is evidently a struggle tiiat cannot last long. Delaney’s face is already death like, rendered more ghastly because of the heavy drops of blood that arc running doun it from a wound in the forehead, and his coat is torn away from one arm that bangs helpless by his side. With the other arm he still holds his would-be murderer, and with the tenacity of his race is still holding bis own, when another would be lying spent aud insensible. To Norah —who is of his own blood, and who can see for hersell that unless succor is prompt the end is very near—this sight gives fresh courage. Her spirit rises within her; she sets her teeth aud looks swiftly, keenly around her. A short, heavy stake, part of the broken gateway, catches her eye; she loses no time, she moves quickly towards it; to seize it noiselessly*, to spring once again to that high pait of the bank that brings her right over the assassin’s head and within a foot of him, takes her but a minute, aud then ! With all the strength of her strong young arms she lifts the heavy piece of wood well above her shoulder, and brings it down again wi'h unerring precision right upon I the scoundrel's pate .' Like a stone he drops, half dragging Denis with him, but the girl, jumping into the road, catches him as he falls, and holds him upright still with loving arms. Even now, as insensibility at last overpowers him, as deadly stupor benumbs his every souse, lie knows her. My beloved ! My own little girl !” he breathes faintly, with but a poor attempt indeed at the old fond smile, yet with love unspeakable in his fast closing eyes.' He makes a vain effort to hold out his hands to her, and then falls inertly against the bank. Aud now it comes to Norah to do what she never afterwards can remember doing, or understand how she had the power to accom plish it. But The God of love, ah! benedice, How mighty and how great a Lord is He ! Surely lie helps her now. Looking at him, lying there iu that awful swoon, it seems to her that she daro not leave him alone with tite murderer beside him whilst she runs for help. What if the man were to recover whilst she was away. What if be be not dead. Poor little tender-hearted Duchess ! Let her not be thought unwomanly if in this supreme moment she hopes passionately that she has kilied the man who would have slam her lover, aud ouly fears that she has re done so. . „ . , | . What if he should rise and finish his "bastlv work whilst she ran blindly along an unknown road to gain that assistance she nii<’ht never juecfc ! Moisture rises to her brow as she thinks it all out, and then all at once she . abandons that idea "aining help, and with one quick in drawn breath steadies herself down for the work she is determined to do this night, or die in the attempt. . . Stooping, she encircles Denis with hci her arms, aud piesently has drawn him, first towards the broken gateway, tlieu through the blessed opening that pel nuts her to drag him out of view of that cruel figure on the ground, into the .safer shelter of the woods beyoud. ' ... Yard by yard. Sobbing; panting; with her fear and her fatigue pressing sorely on her yet never discouraged, she slowly and ever more slowly, as the willing arms grow so deadly weary, drags him to the protection of that lonrly hut, close to the fir tree. Even when she has got him in, and laid him softly downwards, with the poor broken arm as comfortably settled as she can manage it, her zeal for his welfare does not relax. Off her own tender body she strips her seal skin coat, a present from her auntie, to •make a pillow for his head, and then, not thinking it high enough—careless'of cold, of discomfort, nay dead, to them—she slips off her flannel petticoat and adds that to the coat. < Not uutil she has done all this docs she permit herself to kneel beside him and look into his face ! Is it his face, that calm, still, motionless mask, all streaked and dyed with blood, blood still flowing? She has been so en grossed hitherto with her terrible task of briuging him here, that the idea that her Bbor might be in vain—that death might already have robbed her of what she most values upon earth—has not suggested itself; but now it comes, and a very agony of despair takes possession of her. Nearer she leans over him, still nearer; her miserable eyes clinging to his deathlike face. What a horrible pallor is that upon his cheek! how sunken are the eyes within their sockets, how cruelly calm the mouth ! Is—is he dead ? Oh ! no, no, no ! Not dead 1 Hurt, hurt nigh unto death, if it must be, but oh ! not dead, indeed ! Her very soul uplifts itself in supplication. Maimed, suffering, broken let him be—but graut that life still lingers within his bruised body. “Oh ! Thou loving Lord ! by whom all prayers are heard; hear miue.” Softly, tremulously, she entreats; aud now with nervous fingers she loosens his coat and feels for the heart that should beat beneath. Aud after a minute (who shall say what ages lie in it ?) a faint pulsation rewards her. He lives ! As yet, at least, the vital spark is in him. But how to keep it' there ? Deftly she tears first her own handkerchief and then his into strips, and binds them round his brow. The search for his handkerchief had brought to light a small flask which, to her joy, con tains brandy; but though she tries, even with her fingers, to get some between his lips, she fails to make him swallow it. And now, again, terror drives her almost wild. Can she do nothing! Will no one ever come to her aid ! She runs to the door way with a vehement determination to rush through all the bliudiug storm in search of help. But as she crosses the threshold she looks back, and, seeing him lying there so quiet, to all appearance so lifeless, her heart grows weak within her, and her courage fails. Alas, too, even if she were to venture forth, whither could she go? the place is strange to her; she would not know which way to turn; and if she were to wander too far in this gathering darkness and fail to make her way hack again, what might not happen to him before morn—in her absence, alone, untended, deserted ? Oh, no, she 1 cannot leave him. A vague hope that they will be rescued I later on by messengers from Ventry gives hfcr some wavering comfort, but in truth her present fears are so mauy tiiat comfort iu the future is quickly ousted. It is so cold, too—so bitterly chill. She looks longingly at the dry sticks lying on the hearth, but even though she knows that by the aid of the vestas she had found in his pocket when looking for the flask, she can set fire to them, she shrinks from doing so, a nervous honor lest the smoke shall betray his rest ing place to his enemy restraining her. iShe takes one of his hand in hers, and feels it is cold as ice—his very lips, as she lays her fingers on them, seem frozen. She draws off her sole remaining petticoat, aud wraps it round him, with fast gathering at her heart. Oh, to light that fire. And now a determination enters into her that is only part of the great courage that has all through supported her. S'lently she leaves the cabin, and cautiously, with her heart in her throat, steals down to that high bank that overlooks the road. Some faiut light shows beyond the depth of the wood, and cautiously she peers- through the furze bushes to that spot wheron the man had lain. It was Maloney, she knew, at that first awful moment, but now she looks for his stalwart frame in vain. No man is here ! She casts her eyes quickly up and down the road for many yards—as far, indeed, as her eyes can pierce the gloom, only to find that it is empty. It is plain then that she had not killed him ! He had evidently recovered suffi ciently to enable him to make his way home, and terrified by the thought that succor iu some unaccountable fashion had come to his victim, had hidden himself away as far from the spot of his attempted crime as possible. With a lightened heart, Norali rau hack to the cabin, and seizing the matches, sets fire to some dry ienves, that easily igniting pre sently coax the large bundle of sticks into a flame. Cheerily they blaze, throwing out, a delic nils glow that warms whatever it touches. Site draws Denis as close up to it as prudence will permit, ami once again tries to force the brandy between his lips— this tiitie with some success. Ami at last, ul last, he moves a little and sighs, and finally opens his eyes. “ Ymt, my love 1” he says very low, with a faint smile, ami though not at aff surprised. So near to the gates of death' has he been hrought, that all emotions, save the one ab sorbing passion of his life, are forgotten by him; ami indeed so weak is he that almost as she believes she lias gained him back again from the portals we ail dread for those we love—even as she tries to answer him he faints again, leaving her once more to watch out the long dark bouts of night alone. CHAPTER XXV. 1 fe-It a tightness grasp ray throat, As it would strangle me.” It is now past midnight, and still the storm rages overhead. Heavy hursts of thunderous rain dash against the walls of tire cabin, and through the open doorway the inky blackness of the night looks in upon her as she sits cowering, shivering, by the hearth, her eyes ever fixed upon tire motion less figure bcsitlc her. Every now and then she rises to ciiafe tire uninjured hand, to listen for the faint breathing, to wash away the marks of blood upon tire wan face. Little by little she has. made him swallow most of the brandy the ilask contained, and trow with a sad heart she sits watching for the dawn. Will he last till then ? And even then is she sure sire can make her way homo in a hurry? And—and—when she gets there what will her welcome he—what will sire say—how give an account of herself? How is she to tell them that she. had spent the night—the long, long, terrible night, alone with him in this hut? Katherine’s face rises before her onre again—the bitter scorn of it—tire cruel contempt—the wicked mean ing ! A thousand times she assures herself that no one can dare say a word to her prejudice when the truth, in Denis’ shattered person, lies before them; and yet for all that she knows that unkind comment will ()o made, aud shriuks from the thought of it with a rather undue horror. In this dark hour she remembers how Katherine is mistress of her secret; remembers, too, little meaning, kindly smiles and inuendnes from Nancy and Lady Glaudore, attd knows full well that her unhappy affection for her cousin, if trot shouted, has, at least, been whispered on tire house tops. Yes; it is all over. This melancholy night spent here in this desolate cabin will never be forgotten by her world—never! It seems to irer in the morbid 6tato into which she now has fallen, that for the future sire will be a sort of outcast—an Irish pariah, as it were—amongst her tribe. One little drop of comfort falls into her cup of misery. To morrow—nay, to-day, her dad is coining to Ventry. To this thought, which is the very sweetest imaginable to her sorely troubled spirit, she clings eagerly; in it, she has in deed “great store of bliss”—for when did her dad ever think evil where no evil was? —and if ail the world were against her, would not that be, to him, one reason the more for declaring himself more openly upon her side; dear, darling dad 1 A heavy sigh falls from her, and moving uneasily upon her seat—a heap of sticks— she suddenly becomes aware that Denis has his eyes open and is looking at her. “ is that you, Duchess ?’’ The voice is low, so faint indeed as to be half inaudible, but “ lovers ears are sharp to hear,” and Norah rising, bends eagerly over him. “ Yes. I am here,” she whispers tenderly. She kneels upon the ground beside him, and softly, lovingly, lays her cool hand upon his forehead. It is throbbing violently; but the wet bandage has evidently been of sonie use, as the blood-has cased to flow. Feebly lifting the uninjured arm, he draws down the little comforting hand until it touches his lips. , , . . “My beloved, this is a bad thing for you,” he whispers with difficulty. “ Can you not go home ? You are giviug up too much for me.” “ Not so much as you imagine, whispers she back, smiling. “I have lost my way, do you know ?, I can’t go, so you lam not doing very much for you after all. “I know better than that,” the words come slowly, disconnectedly, and as if the utterance of them hurts him. “But I shall explain. I’ll make them understand if I last till then—if ” He breaks otF with a heavy sigh that is aim St a groan and makes a vain eflbrt, that is very pitiable in one so strong, to change his position. “You are in pain,” says Norah, miser* ably. , „ , “No. But tired—tired,” murmurs he wearily. Then seeing her about to rise, he clasps her hand closer. “ Don’t go. Stay «ith me. Oh ! darling, if lam to die now —after this—with the knowledge that yon_ love me, it will be hard hard I . ; " “ Do not try to tall*,” entreats she, raising him with all her strength, and 50 tuiniug him that he will find relief. “Do not, you are only wasting the little power left you. Now, are you better, more comfortable. “I am happier than I have ever been in all my life. Oh! Duchess, what shall repay you—not I —l cannot. But- ”He pauses as though he has lost himself, and a sad wild lioht grows within his eyes. “ lou should not be here. You must go—go-or else she will have her jibes—her sneers—she— He has waudered again, but mercifully those cruel imaginings soon come to an end, as he sinks once more into the old lethargy, and lies as if dead, save for the faint breathings that make themselves heard now ami again. , . . , . Beside him, her hand still clasped in his, Norali sits quietly, her head bent upon her knees. Ami presently on tired thought kindly sleep descends, and conquers it, and soon all is forgotten. Oh, blessed, health* oivino unconsciousness, where would the tried "ones of the earth find rest if thou wert withdrawn ? It is dawn, as with a pang of acutest tear she wakes. Nay, more than dawn. Ihe day is well awake, and on the mountain tops the- first fine clouds of coming morn are dis solving beneath the situ s warm rays. Springiint tc her feet, Norah turns a tenined glance upon Delaney, to find that lie still breathes, and with a rush of thankfulness she bends over him and pi esses the last few precious drops of brandy betw T een bis lips. She knows perfectly the task that now' lies before her, and, having heaped the few re maining sticks on the still glowing embers, she prepares for departure, and a return to the place where a severe cross-examination, as she believes, awaits her. At the door she looks back, and some thing—is it the helplessness of his attitude or the utter forlornness of him —touches her .' In a moment she is by his side again; she is leaning over him; softly her loving fingers brush back the short hair from bis brow; long, long she gazes at him, as one might upon their dead, with, in her case, an inten sity boru of the fear that it may be for the last time. Those wretched ones, whose be loved are already dead, may be counted happy in comparison with those still wait upon their dying, fighting each minute with the Tyrant who conquers all things;— love and hate, and pride and lust, ami jea lous} 1 and envy and all uncharitableness. Norah, kneeling beside him, feels as though indeed tills W’ere a last farewell, and at the thought her heart fails her, and she bursts out crying. She dares not believe the terrible idea that so obstinately forces itself upon her, or else (she knows) she will never be able to summon the courage to leave him; yet go she must, for bis sake. She presses her lips to bis hand, and then, emboldened by bis unconsciousness and strengthened by the innocent love she bears him (Tc is, after all, hut a little the mole), she stoops and gives him soft, gentle, loving kisses upon cheeks and hair and forehead, and, at last, after some faint honest hesita tion, his lips, too. Cold, unresponsive lips! but all the dearer, because of the sail reason for their coldness. Then, now bitterly weeping, she runs out of the cabin, and gaining the road, turns, without knowing why, to the right. All roads, indeed, are alike to her, so grout is her ignorance of her locality, but fortunately instinct, if one may call it so, has in this instance led her aright. It has stood to her so well, that half an hour’s brisk walking brings her within view of the gilded vane of Ventry, glittering gaily in the morning sun light. ( To be. continued }. 