FOUL OF A WATERSPOUT. The following yarn ia told in tho London Daily Telegraph to " A Sea-farer" by " his friend the Second Mate":—"The chief mate was a cheerful little Welshman— God rest his soul!—one of the most in telligent seamen I ever associated with, with as tender a heart as ever beat under a velvet waistcoat, and eye3 so bright that I'd sometimes think that the redness that ringed them was nothing but the scorching of the skiu by the flashing of his gaze. We were very good frionds, both of a rather poetical turn of mind, no very great rarity amongst seamen, though the conformedly strained manliness of the sailor makes him feol sheepish even to bo suspected of a romantic humor now and again. The skipper hovered about till ten, then went below. I joined the mate, and wo fell to quietly pacing tho deck, talking of anything but the weather and the heat, and tho calm, being sick of the things. No, sir; our conversation went to consideration of tho sort of times wo were to expect at Calcutta, and I was in the midst of telling him that I was thinking seriously of looking out for a mate's berth aboard a country wallah, wliero the month's wage sounded tall in the shape of rupees, when he interrupted me by coming all on a sudden to a dead stand, whilst ho cried in a tragic voico that was scarce more than a hoarse whisper, pointing with a little arm as ho spoke : 'My God, what is that l' HiB forefinger indicated a space of du3k that lay liko an ink-stain upon tho night tiiat was dark as the sea-lino everywhere olso was ; and in the heart of this peculiar murky blotch I observed what looked to ins to be two nne lines ot name cioso together, forking out of the sea, and lengthening upwards as one watched with a kindlof throbbing pallor whence they pro ceeded, though this last was very elusive, and notioeable only when the sight went a little to the right or loft of it. Hush . said I, after straining my hearing a mo ment, whilst the mate stood watching stockstill, as though spellbound. Bo you hear it V The noise I meant, which, thouoh very faint, was audible enough amid" the pauses of the flapping canvas on hi«h. Think of a kettle boiling ma room nest to tho one you are seated m, and that will bo tho character of tho noise I heard. As I spoke there was a flash of lightning right betwixt the two fine lines of fire, and tho wild glare threw out the ponderous folds of a great cloml liannin", like masses of smoke arrested and" pressed down, above thoso strange and over growing luminous stalks. A waterspout—two of them, it looks like, cried the mate. ' Hoiv does it travel. Why, by all that's precious 1 if its growth signifies its course, it's heading direct for i the barque.' His vehemeut exclamations I startled tho men who had stowed thcm selves away about the decks for a nap, I and you Baw a flitting of dusky figures to ' the rail, and caught a noto of alarm in the half-smothered growl of voices which came along. Saving, always, the swing of the swell, the barque lay as dead on the sea as a lightship, not an inch of way on lior ; so that there was nothing possible to be done in the way of manoeuvring. ' But waterspouts don t Bhine,' cried I, to the mate. ' Yes, yes, he answered, 'yonder does anyhow, it is the phosphorus in the water. I have seen such things again and again, glow ing as though thoy had got a streak of lichtning stowed away in their coil. uo continued to look; then, with an oath, ho cried out passionately that the appoar ance was heading for us, and, with a bound, gained tho companion, down which ho bolted, returning after a few breathless moments followed by tho captain, who rose out of the hatch like a ghost, habited in his shirt and drawers only. Believe mo or not as you will, but what I m goms to tell you is as true as that I, who wall; by your side now, am a living man. The fire-tinctured stalks, as I will call them, had thickened with incredible rapidity, and looked five hundred feet high, distant as thoy vet were. There was a constant play of lightning over them, sometimes very fierce and brilliant, with sharp cracks of thunder, whose reverberations lolled over the polished undulations of the water with a sound of hoavy bowls hurled along a resonant wooden stage. Tho stagnation around made tho sight of that small rotating luminous tempest as wonderful as it was frightful. Every moment heightened the roar of tho boiling at its base, and the indescribable yelling of the circular sweeping of the wind "of this narrow tempest. Some of the men beat with handspikes furiously upon the scuttle to arouse tho watch below. I stood watching, scarce drawing a breath, captain and mate beside mo both silent. Indeed, there was nothing to bo done. Wo might, perhaps, have fired a gun, but wo liadn t such a thing aboard. Tho course of the spout was easily to be gathered by tho I sharpening of the mystical golden fires which illuminated the revolving columns, and by the whiting upon the right of tho bed of foam out of which those vast liquid trunks grew, and by the increasing uproar of the maddened and seething mass of spume and of tlio^ thunder blasts over it following each jagged, barbed lightning-stroke with continuous deto nations," comparablo only to broadside after broadside, dolivered from a four decked line of battlo ship. The spout caino along slowly—if a single spout it wore • with its two flaming limbs and one dense head of vapor. There was a bit of hope to be got out of thiB, for it might break and porish ere it reached us. Tho captain cried ' My God ! what shall wo do ? How fast is it travelling, think you, Mr Morgan V ' Eight miles in the hour —no faster, sir,' croaked the mate in tho voice ^ of a raau sentenced to death. ' It'll be aboard us !' roared someone forward suddenly in a panical way, and the cry was instantly followed by a frantic rush aft of shadows as the figures of the men looked. But the boatswain of the barque, whoso toues I recognisod, cried our,, ' Jump for shelter, ray lads 1 jump for shelter ! Down with you under deck, or there'll bo ne'er a lifo left to explain what hurt tho ship ;' on which many of tho men sprang forward again, tho captain sayin<» nothing, and tho mate as mute as I, fortho lightning was crackling over our heads now, and the barque was plunging upon the heavy sea, fluog in advance by the commotion, though thero was not a breath of air yet, as I live to tell it, and the spout almost witliiu pistol shot! Woil, I can only speak of myself now, for what followed was like a horrible night mare, from which you Btart with tho blood thick in your veins, without being able to recall a fealuro of tho terror that awoke you. The mad impulse one got from tho sight and sound of the spout, and its horrible aocompaniments of white ness at foot and blackness overhead, was for shelter, and my first spring was for the companion, with a cry to the oaptain and the mate to follow me. I was scareo four stops down when there happened a shock as though an earthquake right under the Iceel of the barqno had torn her into staves. Just for one instant my ear caught tho inexpressible hellish clamor of tons of swooping water, of spars snap ping liko pipe3tems—then wash ; tho companion way was filled in a breath, and down I wont, swept along and into insensibility by a flood that was a small Niagara Falls in its way for weight. Of course I wasn't drowned ; of course I regained consciousness ; but that was not so wonderful as that I should bare crawled out of tho cabin liko a soaked fleece, a sane man, with every sonae taut in him, instead of a grinning and gibber ing idiot. I gained the deck. Tho night was breathless. No sound came off the ocoan, though the horizon hung black all aronnd as before. It took mo awhile to see, and then I observed that the barque was dismasted. Tho shadow of her deck stretched out before me —a sheer hulk! There were figures moving here and there. I halloed, and most of them came aft. But they were all too stupefied to answer questions; they muttered in a : dazed way. Who was missing ? what had : happened moro than that the barque had been stripped to the condition of a naked hull was not to bo gathered till the dawn came. But before the light broke we had rallied sufficiently to inati the pumps and keep them going. Talk of a wreck! ifovor did the sun rise upon a more pitiable sight than the barque made: three/ jagged stumps where the lower masts had been; a whole wilderness of wreckage over, the side; bowsprit gone, the wholo line of port bulwarks smashed flat, deck house, galloy, long boat, quarter boats —all vanished. Tho captain and the poor fellow who had been at the wheel were missing, their fate needed uo guessing. But we found the body of the mate, cruelly bruised and barely |distinguisliable as a human form, lying under a mass of gear. Well, to end the yarn, for it's nearly told, wo passed three days of desperato pumping, for tho vessel took in water as | though her bottom had been a grating, | and 'twas pump or sink, for wo were without a boat. But on tho morning of the fourth day a steamer hove in sight, spied us, and came alongside. She was just in time; wo were mere spectres, with the strength of such things, (and I believe if tho next relief of the pumps had been called there would have been no answer." 