a /fflOOD NÍGHT, Madge; remember ^Jjj1 the meet will be to-morrow, so don't oversleep yourself in pleasant anticipations," said Jennie D'Eresby, as she parted for the night from her guest and schoolfellow, Madge Arundel.. Forget it! How could she? Madge thought that impossible, as, reclining in a big armchair by the bright wood fire in her room, she mentally reviewed the past day's events. Verily she seemed a spoilt child of For- tune ! Young, lovely, rich, of good birth, the idol of the stately old man she called " Father," there was nothing to be desired to add to the- happiness of her lot. The wilful beauty was quite contented as she gazed into the fire that evening, thinking of the whispered words in the conservatory, the looks, and the silent but eloquent tokens that told her Sir Hugh D'Eresby had fallen a willing victim to her witcheries. Hitherto he had resisted all attacks, and now this girl, hardly emancipated from school and governess, with her innocent face and golden hair, had vanquished him entirely. Suilicient for her to-night that nothing had marred the pleasantness of the day ; that Lady D'Eresby was the dearest old lady she knew ; that Sir Hugh was Well, never mind, it was high time to go to sleep, which piece of self-advice, ten minutes later, Madge followed. How long she had slept she never knew, but suddenly she was awakened by feeling a cold substance against her feet, and start- ing with a shiver she found herself stand- ing at the head of the grand staircase. Drawing a soft white peignoir, which she found she had instinctively thrown on, closer around her, she prepared to return to her room, when glancing towards the great window on the landing, she perceived a figure. She beheld a portly dame, dressed in a large patterned chintz gown, the only evidence of ornament being the rich lace which fell from her neck and wrists. The moonlight, streaming full upon the figure, revealed every detail, even to the pattern of the chintz, which Madge noticed consisted of large bunches of gaudy tulips. A white apron , and coif betokened a certain position of \- servitude, which the rich lace implied was not very laborious. From her side hung a ; bunch of keys, and so clearly did every minor . detail stand out, that Madge remarked one ! key longer than its fellows and slightly % rusted. ¡: At first involuntary awe held her spell- bound to the spot ; then her natural cour- age re-asserted itself, and Madge moved forward to get a better view of the face. At her first movement, however, the dame, still averting her face, raised her hand, and beckoned to Madge to follow. Nothing loth, believing it to be some wild freak of her madcap friend Jennie D'Eresby, Madge obeyed. . Down the great staircase they glided. Across the hall-the moonlight falling upon the mysterious dame and Madge, looking ghostlike indeed in her white robes, and her glorious hair rippling almost to her feet. How silent the house seemed ! The only sounds were the patter of her bare feet on the stairs, and a scampering that told of mice behind the wainscoating. How quietly Jennie walked, with not the slightest rustle from her dress ! Madge wondered where she could have learnt that peculiar gliding step. Grim enough the suits of armour gleamed out in the dark ness. Madge felt her heart sink with an in- definable sense of fear, though some will more powerful than her own urged her on- ward. The dining-room door was reached, and to Madge's surprise it swung slowly open without any attempt to unlock it on the part of her conductress ; the wander- ers stood in the middle of the room. The figure halted, and Madge waited to see Jennie's merry face turn round upon her, when suddenly it vanished, as it were, through the opposite wall. Then followed a confused sense of groping through the darkness, and Madge remembered no more till she awoke to find Jennie D'Eresby standing by her bed, re- proaching her for her unusual laziness. " So you didn't take my advice after all, and if you don't hurry, you'll be dreadfully late," was Jennie's greeting, as Madge opened her eyes, dreamily expecting to see her ghostly visitor of the preceding night. But Jennie was substantial enough to satisfy the most incredulous, and in the hurry of dressing, Madge forgot all dreams and fancies. Still, as she passed down the staircase, a curious, half-expectant feeling stole over her, and almost involuntarily she halted, trying to shake off the sensation that she was still asleep. Breakfast, how- ever, is a great dispeller of illusions, and Madge was soon chatting gaily about the coming meet. Very piquant did she look a few minutes later as standing on the broad stone steps she waited for her horse. "With one hand she held up her habit gracefully, as only a perfect horse- woman can, while in the other she held a riding-whip which she tapped impatiently against her foot. A picture never to be forgotten, thought Hugh D'Eresby, as he came forward to assist her to mount. He had not spoken to her till then, and his first words sounded ominously near the truth. " How pale you looked this morning at breakfast ; one would have thought you had seen a ghost !" Madge answered with a nervous little laugh. " I hope, Sir Hugh, the HallTpossesses none of thoße interesting inhabitants, because-" she stopped short, and scanned his face anxiously. He did not seem to notice her hesitation, for, laughing carelessly, he said, " No, I'm ashamed to say we have not the traditional ghost." Just then a groom appeared, leading a magnificent bay. At the sight of it she cried, " Is he not a beauty ?" and her slight frame quivered with pleasure and excite- ment. " Are you sure you will be able to manage it?" he said, as he lifted her into the saddle. An indignant flash from her eyew was her sole response, and soon the whole party cantered down the avenue, and silence reigned in the great courtyard. Eor the first part of the ride Madge's companions found her unusually silent. Last night's adventure would recur to her mind, and she could not shake off a feeling of fear, as she thought of the strange dame. However, she succeeded in putting away all gloomy thoughts, and entered into the pleasure of the ride. They returned in time for lunch. The afternoon passed in pleasant conversation and walking about the grounds. The ball in the evening was an unquali- fied success. Too tired even to think, Madge's last waking impression hadj been a dreamy wonder whether the previous night's ad- venture would be repeated. But either her ghostly visitant had some compassion on her fatigue, or she slept too soundly. Madge passed that night undisturbed. Another day, and Madge had almost for- gotten the mysterious visitant, when on the third night she re-appeared. Again Madge found herself on the land- ing ; again moved by some unaccountable impulse, she followed her ; again there was the same mysterious disappearance ; again she had the confused sensation of groping in the dark, then came utter oblivion, till her maid awakened her in the morning. Madge had always prided herself on her strong nerves, but now she was thoroughly uncomfortable, not to say frightened. She had very little appetite for breakfast, but she escaped unnoticed in the general grum- ble at the weather. A hard frost had set in, precluding the possibility of hunting, though the ice was scarcely thick enough for skating. " "What shall we do ?" was the cry, until Dick D'Eresby proposed a walk to the lake to test its strength, and a few venturesome ones headed by Madge and Jennie set out. A walk through the keen air with a bright sun overhead, and laughter and gay chatter echoing around, raise one's spirits wonderfully, and when the party reached the lake, all traces of care and thought had vanished from Madge's brow. . * . v; ; i Álong the banks the party separated, some ; to find the thickest ice, others to admire the _j exquisite beauty of the trees gemmed with t long icicles, and the lake glittering like a silver shield in the cold bright rays of a . December sun. Somehow Madge found herself alone, and then she had time to think. Should she tell her adventure ? ?." Sir Hugh would be the very one to ex- plain the mystery. His boyhood had been spent at D'Eresby Hall, and every nook and cranny of the old house were known to him. "Well, if anything else happened she would take him into her confidence. " A penny for your thoughts, Miss Arundel," said Sir Hugh's voice close to her. " You shall judge the value of them yourself," replied she, her great blue eyes looking mischievously up into his. "They were about you." " Glancing towards the window she perceived a figure .... . . Involuntary awe held her spell-bound to the spot." " About me," said he eagerly, and a look of intense pleasure lighted up his dark features. She pretended not to see his eagerness. " I was wondering whether I ought to take you into my confidence, and I came to the conclusion that I would think about it." " Why not'tell me at once?" he asked eagerly. " Because," she answered, " because Sir Hugh, I am afraid you would laugh atme; besides, here come the others." The party returned together to the Hall, and Sir Hugh, eager and passionate as he was, remained ignorant ot Madge's mys- terious trouble. Christmas came and went. The old year was dying slowly ; but one more day re- mained ; and Madge had almost forgotten the dame who had so frightened her at the beginning of her visit. It was thé night before New Tear's Eve, and Jennie and herself sat chatting in her room till the clock, over the stables chimed a quarter to twelve. Then Jennie hurried off/und-Madge was soon deep in a dreamless . sleep, A . -Shebas awakened by a curious sensation ) that:-someone was standing by her bed, and ^ lo'okingrup, she saw ¡the well-remembered t :^ figure^ q£ the dame. / j ! This time'Madge determined to solve the ^mystery. _ , Springing out of bed, she prepared to follow her visitor, who had glided towards the door, and now stood as if awaiting her. Swiftly and silently they passed from the room, down the deserted corridors, and great staircase, till they reached the hall. Then to Madge's astonishment, she heard ? the strains of a quaint 17th century gavotte. Involuntarily she stopped to listen. Tes, above the music, she could hear the tapping of high-heeled shoes; with the'hum of merry voices, and low musical laughter. She looked towards her guide for some clue to the mystery, but she had passed on, and now stood by the dining-room door. They entered the room, but as they crossed the threshold the gay music and the voices ceased.- Only a strain rising and swelling with the plaintive tenderness of ^Eolian harp sobbed through the stillness. The moon- light pouring through the unshuttered windows, made night almost as bright as day, causing every minor detail to stand ont with startling distinctness. Madge noticed these things, but her chief attention was fixed on the dame. Her face was still averted, indeed Madge had never caught more than a glimpse of it, shadowed by the linen coif. But now she turned, and Madge saw her distinctly. Her face was that of a middle-aged woman, pale a's death, with wistful, longing eyes, which spoke volumes. Raising her hands towards Madge, as if imploring some great favor, she moved her lips. But no sound issued thence, and as IVfadge stepped forward, the figure vanished slowly through the opposite wall. , The music ceased, a terrible darkness fell upon her, and she remembered no more till she awoke next morning. Recollecting with a shudder the events of the previous night, she tried to persuade herself that it was only a dream, and had succeeded in partially banishing the subject from her mind, when she discovered the sleeve of her peignoir covered with dust and cob- webs. It was real then. All rushed back to her. The pleading, agonised face, the entreating gesture, the prayerful lips rose again before her. What should she do ? Come what might, she would endure no more nocturnal visits. She had told Sir Hugh she would go to him in difficulty, and he had promised to help her. So Madge resolved at last to take Sir Hugh into her confidence. The morning was wet and gloomy. Most of the guests were in the billiard-room, some of the vainer sex, however, Jennie in- cluded, had vanished for a dress rehearsal of their costumes for the ball that night. Madge escaped from the billiard-room, and after a moment's hesitation, she ran through the corridor and knocked gently at the door of Sir Hugh's study. " Come in," he said. And a moment later she stood flushed and breathless before, his astonished eyes. His study was his especial sanctum. Rarely anyone disturbed him there,not even Jennie who as a rule presumed on his good nature to an alarming extent. But Madge was too full of her subject to think of any strangeness in herbehaviour. " Don't look so astonished," she began in her impulsive fashion, " I have come to ask your advice ;" after which speech she settled herself composedly in the lo w, broad window seat opposite biß writing-table. Playing nervously with Hugh's paper knife, Madge told him her adventure with the strange old woman down to the events of the previous night. At last, when she ended, she looked at him. After a pauBe, he said, " I can't under- stand it at all. I never heard of ghosts at D'Eresby, and I thought I knew every legend about the old place. Are you sure Jennie has not been telling you any of her wonderful histories ?" " Quite sure. When I thought it wa« only a dream, I paid no attention to it, but after last night, 1 could endure it no longer. I never thought myself nervous before, but now I am almost afraid to pass through that corridor in the twilight. And yet," she added, as the memory of the pale, im ... ploring, face rose before her, " there must De something terrible in this mystery. If r yóu'had seen her you would have pitied her as much as I did. That you will help me, I am sure. Won't you, Sir Hugh ?" and the pretty plead ins face was raised to him in earnest supplication. The glance of her blue eyes maddened him. All his self-constraint vanished, and heedless of the consequences, he bent down, and lifting her in his arms, he kissed her passionately. The suddenness of the action startled her so, that for a moment she lay with her golden head nestled on his shoulder, insen- sible to everything save the joyful know- ledge that he loved her. Then she drew herself away and hid her face. But his strong arms caught her again, and the rich musical voice murmured softly, " My darling, tell mc that you love me. From the first moment I saw you I have loved you ; I, who never loved a woman before, lay at your feet a life-long homage. My darling, lift your head and give me your answer." Madge raised a shyly blushing face to his. The message he read there evidently satis- fied him, for he held her still in his arms and she made no effort to move. The clock chimed out half-past eleven. They started at the sound ; then they went together to tell Lady D'Eresby that they loved each other. Jennie was seated at her mother's feet reading as Hugh entered leading Madge by the hand. "Mother," he said, "allow me to introduce to you the future Lady D'EreBby." The old lady drew the girl's blushing face down to her, and, kissing her, softly whispered, " My dear, Hugh could not have chosen a more fitting representative for the old name." Needless to say their secret was soon known all through the house, but Madge's strange adventure, which became known at the same time, swallowed up any feelings of envy that may have rankled in the breasts of the fair sex. Of course there were various opinions concerning the vision. Some maintained that it was, at most, a vivid dream, and when reminded of the dust and cobwebs Madge had found upon her sleeve, admitted that the impression may have been strong enough to produce somnambulism. Others believed implicitly in a ghost, and affected a terror of passing along tho passages after dark. At luncheon Madge endured a severe cross examination, especially from Jennie, to whom the greatest puzzle seemed to be where the old lady had disappeared. Madge repeated her account of their descending the staircase ; then suiting her actions to her words, she stood in the doorway. " She came here and stood for a . moment, then going to the middle of the room again she halted, and turned her face towards me. Ah! I shall never forget its despairingagony. When I stepped forward she vanished slowly through //ere." Com- pletely carried away by her own words she moved quickly across the room and struck her hand sharply against tho wainseoating. At her touch a dark oak panel moved slowly back, leaving an aperture sufficiently wide to allow one person to pass through. For a moment there was breathless silence. Then Madge moved timidly to- wards the opening and looked through. What she saw made her dizzy, and she would have fallen had not Hugh's strong arm at that moment caught her. The others pressed forward, and peering through the semi-darkness a strange sight met their gaze. They beheld a cupboard filled with shelves covered with stores of rich silks and laces, rare old wines, puddings and cakes in excellent preservation, the recipes of which had long since been lost, jams, pickles : in short, all the different articles one would expect to find in the storeroom of a housewife of two hundred years ago. Lying near the door was that which in an instant silenced their laughter and chatter-it was the figure of a woman, " Very piquant did she look, as she waited for her horse-a picture never to be forgotten, thought Sir Hugh." exactly as Madge Lad described her ; the large flowered chintz, the coif, the lace, all even to the bunch of keys perfect in the minutest detail. No distortion disfigured the features. It seemed as if stifled for want of air she had fainted, and in merciful insensibility her soul had passed away. The air rushing in, however, rapidly changed the features, which crumbled away into a shapeless mass of dust. Silently and reverently they removed the remains to the private chapel, there to await burial on the morrow. Then began an exploration of the cup- board, which was found to extend the length of one side of the room. Every- thing had been examined, when, coming out, Jennie struck her foot against what appeared to be a chest, and securely locked. It waB dragged into the dining-room, and hammer and chisel broke the heavy solid locks. Then, as the lid was lifted, a murmur of delight ran through the assembly, as lying discovered before their eyes was the long missing D'Eresby plate ; silver tank- ards, golden salvers, richly chased drinking cups gleamed and glanced before them. Evening closed'in while they still lingered admiring the newly found treasures, and five o'clock tea was the signal for a general adjournment to the great hall fire. The ball that night was in every senBe a success, and Madge was pre-eminently the beauty. Towards midnight, with Hugh, she es caped from the ballroom, and throwing a white fleecy shawl around her, they walked up and down the long colonade that sur. rounded the comparatively modern atrüc *ure of the ballroom. "Hugh," Madge says, after an interval expressive of deep thought, " who do you think it could have been ? " " I cannot tell, my darling, unless it wai the body of a Dame Alicia Haye, who during the Civil "Wars of Charles the First's reign suddenly disappeared, taking with her a large quantity of valuable plate. She was generally supposed to have escaped t° Flanders and there died, and she has always been looked upon as one of the only traitor« in the D'Eresby household." Poor thing," says she softly, " I suppose she could not rest quiet with such a stain upon her memory, and so came to implore my help." She nestles closer to his side as for a moment they stand admiring the still beauty of the winter night. Suddenly upon the frosty air comes the clang of the bells ringing in the new born year. "A happy New Tear, sweetheart!". The quaint, old-fashioned word comes tenderly from Hugh's lips, and bending down ne imprints a long, passionate kisi upon her brow. " A happy New Tear," Madge answers, quiet happiness filling her whole soul ; while above the chime of the bellB, come« floating out through the ballroom windows, the sound of voices singing Tennyson's grand words Ring out the old, rmg in the new, Ring out the false, ring in the true. AT THE FRENCH PLAT.-Irascible Gent (to his neighbor) : " Sir, why do you keep staring at me like that ?" "I beg a thousand pardons, but I don't understand French, and I was only watch- ing to see when you laughed, so that I could laugh at the same time." 