THE YOUNG FGLK& THE STORY OF AN OLD BRIDSE. [By T, WALDEN, in St, Nicholas.] TABX IR. On November 13, 1395, King Richard, having bem on a visit to the French jourt, re turned with a new wife. This was the sec >nd time he had celebrated a rratritnonal pageant cn London-bridge; and though the former occasion had teen as gorgeous as was then thought poEsible, this celebration easily sur passed the by-gone splendor. He had made both a great match and a little one. His bride was Isabel, the daughter of the King of Fiance. Every Londoner with his wife was out of couree, So was every Englishman who could get there. Such a concourse, such a crurh, such an excitement had never before been known. Nine people were trampled to death cn the bridge. The crowd at the tour nament had been nothing to this. AVh*t was the attraction ? Was it the extraordinary splendor of the pageant? No. Was it to welcome the king back ?- they wished he had never, come back. The rumor that caused it had come on the wings of the wind, saying that the king, now a ruan of 30, was hriuging home a tiny queen of eight years old ! Fresh from the nursery-perhaps with her doll in her arms- the bright little French princess was coming to London, This was enough to draw the multitude. St. Nicholas some years ago contained a pretty sketch of the fairy creature, whose husband had to take her up in his arms whenever he .would kits her. But she did not wear her toy-crown long, for Richard in three years more had lost hia own, and she returned to France, a petite widow of eleven, to look back on an experience ao wonderful as a child ever had. I am glad, now, to turn to a nobler king, and to a more famous event on London-bridge-to a king more gallant than any who ever sat on the English throne-Harry of Monmouth the victor of Aginciurt. The schoolboys attending service in Westminster Abbey have, from generation to generation, looked up at his helmet, shield, and saddle where they ha Eg high above his tomb; and they do so even to this day with a thrill of enthusiasm for the hero of that famous battle. But it was London-bridge which could be3t tell how England felt about Agincourt. It had been another Cressy and Poictiers couriers had spurred across the bridge with news of ten thousand Frenchmen killed, of fourteen thousand taken prisoners, and all with a loss of only forty Englishmen. The news had come before thedawn, wnile theLondoaera were still in their beds. But they ran to the churches, ana in ten minutes every beli in London was ringing a joyful peal, A few weeks later, thty heard of his landing at Dover, and of how the people had rushed into the water and borne him a&hore.; And so the excitement grew, until they heard he was close at hand. Then came , the magnificent pageant of his reception. i Twenty thousand citizens went over the I bridge and down the road to meet him ; all of them, as usual, in the picturesque costumes of their trades. These tradesmen were organised ; into "guilds," as they were called, which were privileged, and all very rich. They escorted ; him through Southwark to the bridge, which . presented a gorgeous Bight. They had got up : what was tbendistinctively called a "Pageant" npen it, wherein, after the curious taate of : those days, were all sorts of figures and em blems, and rebuses; these, when put together, : like the letters of the alphabet, gave out a great amount of meanine. On the gate-tower, conspicuous aworg them, stood a giant-one ? " that was full grim of might, to teach tha Frenchmen courtesy." The procession formed for cro33ing the bridge; the lord major and aiac-rmen, in scarlet gowns and red and white hoodt>, took their places about the youthful conqueror; the "guilds" followed; the nobles, in splendid attire, completed the show. The trumpets : and the horns sounded, the people shouted, ' the wind waved the bright banners over the tower, and the bridge itself seemed lifted up with pride, as the glorious array pv-saed under arch after arch of triumph spanning its ' parapets. And the show on the bridge was only whit was in all the streets, for three miles, uulil We-ttminster Palace was reached. Yoang girls and young men ware foremost of all ia tLowering laurt-1 toughs and gilded leaves upon Prince Hal's handsome head. Some played musical instruii ents, others sang anthems and sougs, Ethind the lattices were hulls and gentlemen, dressed m crimson, fins liuen, and £olu. The stmt?, like the bridge, were so dtnfcely crowded that the horsemen could scarcely make their way. And, amid it all, the king in his purple roba rode along-solemn, thoughtful, and devout, revolving vet greater plans, and thanking God for what he had been enabled to do. For, with all his g.'orv, England had never a more high minded king then he. E6 felt that Providence intended him to achieve a yet more wonderful work iu France, for that country was in a fearfully distracted state. And this made him soon return thither to carry on the war. Within seven years more he had won. the crown of France, he had mar ried the French princess, and ho had nearly restored to that laud order and peace. Paris was as delighted with him as London had been, j The cup of his success was fast filling to the ' brim when it fell from his hand. He died ia i what seemed the mid&t; of his great deeds. ' What a gloom now fell upon London- ; bridge, when the black-robed courier j tame riding ovtr it, with the sad I burden of this news! What a pall lay 1 (.vt-r the city when it heard that a funeral I cavalcade, with measured steps and slow, was ' crofcsing Fiance, from Paris to Kouen, and from Kouen to Calais ! Soon a fleet bore his bc.dy to Dover, and now the citizens awaited the eokmn, melancholy spectacle, which day foilowitg day brought nearer and nearer. The bridge was hung with black, aa the luiiiral car passed over it bearing a waxen figure , of the king in his robes of majesty, and aar I rounded by chanting priests in white vest ments, and knights and esquires in black armor. I The youDg warrior's three chargers followed, | and when the coffin was carried through the j gates of Westminster Abbey and up the long I Dave those war horses were led up to the very [ steps of the altar. It is the saddle of one of ' them which now hang*, with the king's armor, above his splendid shrine. As a contrast to all this, we may stop>a mo ment to see what had happened at the bridge only eighteen years after, during the. weak reign of King Henry's son. It is the scene when London was defending itself against the fol lowers of Jack Cade, a notorious fellow of common origin, who took the high born name of Mortimer, and ran a curious race, as such up starts always do. At first Cade was popular with the citizens of London ; but when, with vulgar ambition, be rode across the bridge, into the city, and t^trur.k his sword on London Stone (a prt-historic monument, thought by some tc be a lane mark from which distances were mearmed), shouting, "Now is Mortimer lord of the city !" and followed this claim by pillagirg rich mansions, and other acts of violence, then his popularity ended, excepting mong the mob, where it began. Be retired to Southwark, but waB resolved to enter the city again. This the citizens dttermintd be should not do. They removed the draw and barricaded the bridge. The in surgents made a grand rush upon it one Sunday night; but the Londoners were pre pared, and the garrison of the Tower cima down to their help. The fight lasted all night long; nor did it stop until 9 o'clock next i morning. Then Cade drew off hie men. They soon after dispersed and deserted him, A large reward was set upon his head. Then there was a great chase, and at last he wa9 caught. So he did get over London-bridge after all; that is, his head was set over the northern entrance-a kind of eminence he bad not desired, but which was then thought to be very fitting for bim, Let us now pass on in our account to the reign of Henry VIII. If we were to linger long f>vsr tbia reign we should be dazzled will* pageants# Tbere seems no end to them. There is, first, King Henry going over in gorgeous pomp to make war in France, The records fairly take onr breath away with their accounts of it. Again, a few years after, Henry crossed to meet Francis I. on " The Field of the Cloth of Gold," the very name of which hints at the display of splendor on the way. In 1527 Cardinal Wolsey went over upon an embassy to France in so glorious a &tyle; as to outshine the king himself, for he added the magnificence of a cardinal-prince of Home to the grandeur of being Lord Chan cellor in the court of England. Then we hear of an imposing embassy from France coming to invest Henry with the Order of St. Michael. In due time Anne Boleyn appears on the bridge, riding beside Henry, to visit France. It was just after their return that they were secretly married. In 1544 Henry goes-over again; but now to fight Francis, of "the Cloth of Gold," his fo mer friend, and crosses the Channel in a ship the sails of which were made of cloth of gold. You can see his effigy | to-day in the Tower armory, "armed at all ; point?, upon a pied courser," just as he ap peared 'vhen he set out. And here let us leave him. He was a great showman, but we can turn frem him without regret. But were I to tell of all whom he made to pass under London-bridge you would think j him a bloody-minded viliain. I do not cire to ! emphaeite it; but you may know that the | Thames was the "silent highway" between the | great judgment hall at Westminster and the | Tower; and that the Tower had a gate opening I on the water called the Traitors' Gate. Need ' I teil you more? Think of the condemned ; men, who came down in boats with the heads man's axe turned toward them, stooping their : heads as the axe itself was lowered while they shot under the low arch of the bridge into the gloomy archway of their prison. The sight ! was nothing new, and it did not end for many : years; but the reign of Henry saw so much of ; it as to give me occasion for mentioning it now. I But my space is diminishing BO fast that I ' must hasten on. Suppose we stop a moment i and look at another insurrection with which ; the bridge again had something to do. It was : in 1554. There was a rising of the " Men of ; Kent," under Sir Thomas Wyat, against Queen Mary. They were opposed to her coming to the throne-as they had good reason to be. Wyat, with 2,000 men, came toward London-bridge, The guns of the Tower blaztd away at them over the river, but nobody was hit. "When he reached the bridge its gates were closed and it3 draw had been cat away. There were signs of great confusion in the city. The shops were shut, the women were shrieking, and the men were running about seeking lor weapons. Now appeared a procla mation offering a thousand pounds for Wyat'a head. To defy them the more he atucli his name in large, bold letters on his cap-THOMAS WYAT. Three days passed. The bridge would cot let him over. Then he went np tha river and crossed in boats, coming down that way to the city. But all its gate8 were closed against bim. He had a fight at Temple Bar, and then had to yield himself a prisoner. Queen Mary had triumphed, but Wyat's act brought Lady Jane Grey to the block, and came near causing the death of Elizabeth; and London, to please the queen, now made great preparations to receive King Pnilip of Spain, the proposed husband of Mary, as he came over the bridge. This was the very man against whose coming Sir Thomas Wyat had fctrnggled. Never was London-bridge so full of gibbets, : never the bridge so covered with heads, as after this rebellion. Bloody Mary began to I win her name. It perhaps surprises you that Sir Thomas | Wyat could have been so easily stopped by the bridge at that time. If it had been an open : roadway it could not have stopped him; but ? it was covered with tall houses, some of them : three and four stories in height, They were ! dwelling-houses and shops, ranged along on j both Bides, and overhanging the parapets. I The street betwee'n them was a narrow arch ? way, only twelve feet wide, with wider spaces | at intervals for foot passengers to get out of | the way of the vehicles. London had not only ; gone over the bridge, buthad settled down up:>n it. This bad occurred several times before, but the houses were but shanties and had beep re moved. Now, however, they were of quite a stately character. You may imagine its odd appearance, and wonder how a decent city i could allow such an incumbrance along its greatest thoroughfare; but it was the way in i those days. Everything was crowded together. ; The city itself was a jam of houses, with but i narrow crooked streets. 1 In the reign of Charles II. there came a sud : den relief to this Btate of things upon the bridge, and a relief which made as sutnmiry a ; change in the metropolis. A terrific fire broke out, which burned down almost the whole of London. It began near the bridge and then spread away in all directions. After a while it swept round and came back, plunging down the hill in a billow of flame, laying hold of the houses on the bridge and leaving it nearly as-bare as when it was built. I'fcis was one of the bridge's wildest ex periences. It had always been on the lookout against the water, and was prepared to let everything go over it, except rebels and such people. But the fire was a friendly enemy, and the bridge yielded a passage to it very gladly, we doubt not, when the fire offered to relieve its old back from the burden of all those houses. It had nothing to fear for itself, though perhaps its aged stony spine might have been a little scorched. The old bridge stood 170 years after this, and looked on a London built much more sub stantially than ever before, It still bore up the increasing tides of its life, flowing back and forth, and was more and more famous every year as its history grew more ancient and the people remembered what wondrous sjghtB it had seen. No longer now did its quaint old form appear in grave history only, but also in chronicles and stories, in romances and novels, and even in nuisery tales; for it was interwoven with the joys and Borrows, the lights and shadows of city life. Artists even found that they could never draw a true picture of London without putting in Old London-bridge. It has been pictured in many ways, by daylight and by moonlight, in the darkness of midnight, and amid the mists of deep fogs. The fame of it has gone everywhere, and can ntYer pass away. Its traditions still linger close beside the magnificent granite structure which notv spans the iiver in its stead. Some day you may stand on the parapet of the new bridge, and look at the place where the old bridge used to be, 200feet nearer the Tower; a place that will know it no more, except as it may be the haunt of an invisible ghost of the bridge, over which I have just tried to take you in a dream walk, covering G00 long years. . But do you know that its memory-the memory of its fame in the days gone by-has alrrady been among you, in a way that you have probably never suspected? What would you f-ny if I could prove that the bridge went 0v; r the Atlantic ocean to America generations Ago ? What would you say if I could show it to you in one of the very games which you have placed-perhaps are playing now to amuse tha little i.ms? When in your very young days you sang: - "Lilt up the pales as high as the sky, And let King George and his troops pass by." as two of the biggest 3mong you locked bands end ftimed an arch, which the otherB tried to "shoot," and were caught; and then when fctill other arches were formed behind these, and the great pull set in, all shouting together w hat the first arch had begun; "London-bridge is falling down-falling' down-" what was it but an echo of the past, the ancient voices of flie children in old London to wa re vived, chanting their belief in the gray old I bridge, that never, like tneir own littw hands, I could nnlock its arches from their hold, break ajait or fall. 