" FOR WE ARE ALSO HIS OFFSPRING.' (Abatub, Greek Poet, quoted by St. Paul.) I. (.Ifa it speaks.) Heir of the Ages, beautiful, sublime ! Fruit of the passions of primeval Time Then marvellous thing hadst thou of old no Sire Save viscid cell, self-spawned from moving sure If thou in truth hast made myself so great Prepare them to create ! Prepare, on some lone isle, a vaporous marsh, With choice environment To save thine intent, But netted from intrusion, or the harsh Bickering challenge of some lordly frog, Crying, " Fll has no rival in my bag " Now get thee, hermit, to thy cell of cells, 1 And girling then about with greater spells Than those that reared thee so far fall deliver. Long, nttutltddlncras years let Wonder keep Watch o'er thy mighty slumbers, and thy pool. Ghosts Van Winkle To lie keen and cool As hairy, mammoth in his icy field, Or main road, in marble cell concealed, Waiting for what ? Prythee what then, quaint fool? J Nay, nay ; be patient (if We can) : Truly 'as long to wait ; Truly the chance is great , And yet, if there be fortune in thy fate, Happy thought Wake at last to find A Man?. Stay, that were Euclid's mad lost dream, to guess Product of unknown factors numberless! Prop drops of rain to chart the summer seas Or wealth predict of marble palaces Self-risen from the quarry and the sand Without a hand ! And yet, keep patience : calculus have we May solve this vague To-be ; E'en as this pebble, spinning through the dark. May hit the hidden mark. Given the primal celle (just " out and in ") ; Let loose these lesser gods of thy terrace, While stars cleave cycles through the far ' serene : ' Happy thought wake to find if not a Man, At least some goodly thing, is self- wrought, self-reared, Self-fashioned, self-evolved, Self-passioned, self-resolved ; Bare product multiplex Of age-long changes, manifold, unknown ; While on his secret throne Sits Season, prime and pontifex Spawn of the poor ! ' . Truly 'twere long to wait ; But thy reward how great ! Of this so fair a thing Author, and lord and king ! And yet, be thou afeard, This thing a poet's theme, This wonder of thy dream, This inter-nascent Sport Of slipping cells, may court No Arbiter-may swear to range as free the foam upon the sea : Too large, too wise they creature may have grown, Thy right on him to own ; Nor love thy smile, nor fear thy rod, Nor bow to the his god a < (God speaks.) What, little one would they simplicity Fling challenge to the wraiths of mystery P Nay, rather draw them nearer unto Me. Love's silent spell; the brooding breath -, divine The marvels of My being or of thine, I solve not these for thee but than art Mine One will upholders all things : each lone isle In seas of space I garnished, and the while Watched for thy waking with a Father's smile. I Wake, little soul ! Soul of thy soul and I : Speak to Me, child, and love shall make reply; Cling to me child, and prove Me ever nigh! 0 longing heart ! My heart of tenderness Hath love no glowing symbol may express : A Father's care ; a Mother's rapt caress ! Frail spirit thou, Breath of thy Life am I : Let not the barren winds receive thy sigh, Who of My Spirit breaths shall never die. Yet, seeing thee be cold of My caress, ' So wayward in the north of the distress, So lonely in the haunted wilderness, I send thee Jesus. Ah, then, turn and hear Love's word of power low breathed to human ear; He is My Son-and thee to Him art dear i Soul, thou art sick-Love longs for thine appeal ; Love's wounds and woes are working for thy zeal: Turn, child, for if I leave thee who shall heal' Yield to Me, child ; I passion for thy calm Learn to Me, child; My Bbzath bath hallowing Balm : " Como, lean upon the Everlasting Arms ! I will not blind them with excess of Light I fold away Love's terrors from thy sight ; Yet /all My shadow o'er thee in the night. What though, in ranks and multitudes unknown, Adoring seraphs press around My Throne ? To thee I am but thine-and all thy own ! H.E.C. February 29,1838. 