AST m SCIENCE. The Keeley Motor. The new motor, the dedication of which to ' the eldest of the world's students,' M. Chevreul, who has just attained his 103rd birthday, and that is re garded by him and by all who have seen it as destined to . re volutionise not only tbe whole department of modern mechanism — superseding steam, and electricity— but the entire organisation of social life, is thus des cribed bv our Paris correspondent : — It is a globe of polished metal of a diameter of 75 centimetres, with a fixed pivot at one of its poles around which the globe revolves, and at the other pole a movable pivot turning with tlie globe. At the end of this movable pivot, which projects beyond the framework supporting the globe, is a pulley from which proceeds a strip which transmits tbe motive power developed in the globe to the engines of whatever nature, which ar« thus to be worked. The fixed pivot is prolonged into the interior of the globe, its extremity being in contact with the numerous sonorous tubes and other vibratory appa ratus which furniBh tbe motive power supplied by the globe. For the astounding characteristic of this amazing discovery of Mt. Keeley is the fact that the action which will set this apparatus in movement is nothing else than sound, converted into force by virtue bf a theory which will doubtless enlist the mental activities of the scientists of your side of the earth as effectually as of those of Europe. The generator of the force that sets the globe in movement is composed of thin vibratory plates, similar to those of an organ, of vibratory tubes in communi cation with tbeBe plates, of tuning forks, and of a Chladai-plate, this last serving to bring back to unison the sounds which should produce a dissonance. The plates are made to vibrate by the action of a small hammer, the vibrations actiDg in turn upon the diapasons. By the tubes the sound thus produced is concentrated in the globe, which immediately acquires a rotatory movement of an amazing rapidity. Thus, by causing the vibration of the plates, dia pasons, and tubes, a force is developed which is -stated, in the accounts already received of the action of 'tbe new mo'or or machine sets to work by the transmission strap, to be capable of hollowing out, in a solid block of quartz, a hole six metres deep and one metre aad a half in diameter, in a space of 18 minutes. Thus, according to the statements laid before M. Chevreul, the American investor obtains instantaneously, without the coal required for getting up steam, without the piles required for developing electricity, a force a hundredfold more powerful than the forces of which we are as yet in possession, and this through the sounds emitted by plates and tubes which, undergoing no friction, may be regarded as of endless duration, and producing a force which as yet appears to be illimitable. To explain the bewildering rapidity of movement of the globe, which revolves with a rapidity that makes onlookers giddy, Mr. Keeley says that ' the inter- . etheric force ' developed by tbe sonorous vibrations forms in the interior of the globe a mass that, revolving with an enormous velocity, presses against its inner surface and impresses thereupon a rotatory movement To the question, Is it possible that sound is the producer or the liberator of force? Mr. Keeley replies that the production of electricity by the friction of a bit of amSer on a piece of - woollen cloth, the juxta position of certain substances in presence of an acid, is simply the result of a dissociation of atomic elements, which through iheir- tenuity are placed more directly, more intimately, under the action of the uni versal motive force. Why should not sound, vibration, be 'likewise a liberator of force? Stretch a musical chord until its vibrations give, for instance, the ut of the 3rd octave, and other chords will give out the ut of the 4th, 6th, and 8th octave without having been struck ; in other words, the unison deter mines among all these chords an identical succession of vibrations. The ear does not perceive the sound of a higher number of vibrations than the 73,000 which constitute the 8th octave of the ut, yet the vibratory action which constitut e the 9th, 10th, and 15th octave, exists as certainly, although the human ear cannot perceive it ; and as the number of vibrations increases geometrically, the vibration of an ut of the 15th octave consists of mil ions of movements. According to Mr. Keeley, it is this principle of the geometric increase of the vibratory movements of a given sound that explains the immense amount of force produced by the action of vibrating plates. &c.;, of his motor. Matter, continues Mr. Keeley, is in an eternal, for midable, inca'cu ablj state of movement The more completely the atoms of ' matter are dissociated, the moie completely is this movement liberated from the restraints of cohesion. Through the millions of vibrations caused by sound, the mole cules of the air are dissociat ', liberated, placed in the state of atomic bombarding (to borrow the expression of the great English chemist, William CrookeB), which is the principle of the movement of the worlds of in finity. ' No more steam, no more electricity, but tlie force of infinity placed at the service of all, such is the. meaning of the discoveiy of Mt Keeley, and of the motor of which he sends you the- description,: as the. fairest bouquet he can offer you on your 108rd birth day !' concluded Colonel Le . Mat; as he placed in the old savant's hands the ' roll of manuscript who?e reception is chronicled above. The one point which still remains a mystery for those who are wonderingly pondering over the affair is thpquestion, not elucidated by Colonel Le Mat. as to what it is that set* in motion ' the smail hammer' in the interior of the globe, of which the action upoa the 'plates and diapasons' .produces the amazing development of motive power, of which tbe acceptance of the motor bv the Washington Institute appears to guarantee the fact. ~ ? j It is probable that Mr. Keeley reserves this point— the key to his invention — until he 'has completed the taking out of. the patents necessary for the protection, of his invention. ' A woman's life is made up of little things. Make her life happy by little courtesies. The evil consequences of our crimes long survive their commission, and, like the ghosts of the murdered, for ever haunt the steps of the malefactor. . lie noble — that is more than wealth ; Do right — that's more than place ; 'l'hen in the spirit there is health, And gladness in the face. —George Macdonald. i Riches without charity are nothing worth ; they are j ssiiigs to him only who makes them a blessing to ern. — Fielding- 