TELEGRAMS. TASMANIA. TTffBATgT. September 28. The Diocesan Synod of the Catholic : Church, which opened on Monday, closed to-day by special service early this morning. There was a large attendance during the synodical session, Dottn fiT*? X . of Latrobe, being the promoters ; Dr. j Gleeson, secretary; Rev. J. Murphy, j Franklin, judge ot causes; and tne Revs. P. Hennebry, New Town, and T. Kelsh, Campbell Town, masters of cere mony, while Father E.Walsh, of Delo raine, was notary, and the other offices were variously filled. The closing cere monies, which consisted of the Mass of the Holy Ghost, were celebrated at St. Mary's Cathedral, and the various decrees of the church read, together with the profession of faith. Archbishop Murphy afterwards granted those j present indulgences, and most of the clergy will leave for their homes to morrow. | Messrs. M'Gregor, Piesse, aud Go. state they have been advised by the London agents that the barque Prima, 507 tons, has been chartered to. load deals at Baltic for Hobart, and may be expected in December; also that the ship Crummock Water, 995 tons, has been laid on for Hobart and Emu Bay, the cargo for the latter place being prinsipally cement. At the Police Court to-day, an old offender, named Esther Simmonds, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment for stealing a piece of dress stuff from a draper's shop, and Selina Cope re ceived a month for stealing a ring. The Mayor (Mr A. Crisp) an nounced in the Assembly to-night that the Hobart Municipal 5 per cent, loan had been fully subscribed for, the price realised being £110 13s 6d. The loan is for £50,000, to redeem deben tures falling due. As the Hon. T. Fergus, the New Zealand Minister of Lands, passed through here on Wednesday, en route to Melbourne. He held a conversation with the Hon. N. J. Brown on the subject of quarantine regulations for stock in New Zealand. It was arranged that on his return he should meet the inspector of stock, and the views of the Tasmanian Government be laid before him. Most likely a meeting will be held during the coming week of those interested in the question of pleuro pneumonia and other stock diseases. Captain Shortt, the Government Meterologist, who has just returned from the Intercolonial Meterological Conference, expresses the opinion that the result of their deliberations will lead to a considerable improvement in the intercolonial weather gauge system. The Hutchins School Cadets have gone into camp at Kensington Park, near New Norfolk. Lieut. Buckland I is in charge. ? ? 