WAS 12 A DREAM? One day in early spring I was returning from a trip to tbe country. I was tired/and lay down to rest in the shade of an old oak tree, close by the banks of a babbling river. It was at -the loot of a green meadow, and but a step from the public road.. A. conntryr man 'on his way to town stopped and entered into conversation, in the course of which he informed me that a terrible murder had once been committed beneath that tree, close to where I was seated. He could give me none of the particulars—it happened long before his day—a few years after; the close of the Revolutionary war; he only knew that one Marsden, a wealthy gentleman, had murdered his young wife and her supposed paramour upon that spot. I! he had the time he conld show me ' where Marsden's residence once stood, but he was in a hurry, and passed on. These facts made a deep impression upon my mind, and I sat and pondered over what I had heard without regard to the light of time. The sun had gone to rest behind the distant ridge of hills; the curtain of darkness was enwrapping the world; the stare twinkled forth one by one in the far-off sky; the owl sent forth its dull, monotonous ory, .and the river tinkled musically onward ever its rooky bed, and seemed to bid me ri3e and foilow.it; bat I disobeyed its call and lingered on. I knew not what a strange experience would be mine ere I again left that spot. The thunders of the war of the Revolution have eeased to reverberate among the hills and valleys of the new-born America; the white-flag of peace streams on the breeze, and the busy hum of active labor fills-the land; the soldiers, young and old, have all returned to their sweethearts, mothers, wive3 aad children, covered with glory and renown, and are bending their energies to the task of making the infant republic the grandest of ali governments upon the face of the globe. ' A morn in June; a bright sun and s cloud less sky ; -dew-drops glittering like millions' or diamonds, strewn by the hands of the fairies, over the waving grass; sweet songbirds on the branches of every nodding tree, fill the flower-scented air with melody. Stretched beneath a sturdy oak, I rest full length-upon the sward, drinking in all the beauty, the melody, and the perfume, of this fair morning. - What a strange being I am! I have life, thought and motion, but I am invisible. I know the minds, the feelings and the souls of all with whom I come in contract; but they never feel or seem to know of my presence." But hist ! I hear approaching footsteps. I raise myself slightly, and see coming towards me a tall, broard-shouldered man in the very prime of life—a handsome mail with curling hair and blazing *yes." Elegantly, he is clad in the dress of that period immediately suc ceeding the Revolution. Some trouble is on hi3 mind, for his brows are contracted and his hands tightly clenched together, and he matters constantly to him self ; Ifeel that I mutt be with him, ao sompany him, and know his ways. So, glid-: ing to his side, together we, walk up the eloping pathway*in the direction of. that white, vine-embowered cottage we see yonder upon the crest of that green hill. 1 am not with tie poor fellow long before I know his trouble. His soul is distracted with jealousy. He suspects his young bride of infidelity to him. " What shall I do?" he moans almost con stantly. " Oh, what shall I do? The woman whom I placed above all others, and whom I hold dearer thau my own soul, is false. Perhaps it is the Harsden jealously that has possession of me. I can only wait and see— wait and see." We are now near the house, and from out the vine-wreathed porch a girlish figure springs and with light, graceful steps skims over the flower covered lawn to meet and greet bar husband. What a rarely beautiful creature she is with a form so slight, so wcndrously moulded —such dewy brown eyes so full of teader | ness snd sweet expression ! Her fair hair, I that gleams and glints ia the sunshine, falls over hor shoulder'like a golden vail, and her lips, red and clear as cleft strawberries, pari over teeth whiter. than any pearl ever ex tracted from the depth of old ocean. I do notr wonder that the husband worships her as wildly as he dees. She tbrewsher snowy jewelled arms around the broad shoulders of Marsden, and holds j up the red and frsgrant lips to be kissed. I I know the man fcela like thrusting her from ; him, and pourning forth upon her defenceless ! head the fury long smothered within his breast. Far better would it have been , had I he done so. But he controls himaelf by a -great effort, lightly kisses the little mouth, and walks on in eileuee to the house, she clinging to his arm. Shie ia a-childish, innocent thing. I know. No guile in her heart—no stain on her soul. How terribly blind humanity is ! I know her thoughts, and can even hear the blood 'as it 'ijjplss through her veins, and know that every drop drawn from the warm, trusting heart h consecrated to the broad-shouldered, jealous creature whose name she bears. On arriving at the house M&xsden; excuses j himself and retires to cis apartment. Bo« \- ing bis bead upon a table, he mutter brokenly,— "Oh, it must be so! Old Pomps? cannoS be mistaken. Twice, he says, she has met him in the last ten day, at the foot of the meadow by the oid oak tree. If I find this report to be true, his life, at least, shall pay the penalty for bringing disgrac^oc tbe Marsden name." Out in the garden in the latticed summer housa a little white-clad figure is eronched in a corner of the rustic bench, sobbing and moaning softly. " J must tell Silas to-night. This suspense has been almost unbearable. Silas is so proud—but then he seonred his pardon onee, and gave him money to start a'fresh—and ho thinks now he is far away. Oh, how angry he would be did he know of this new trouble 1 Poor erring boy, I love him so ! To-morrow he will be gone, and then I will tell Silas—my dear, dear husband 1" She rises from her seat, but she notices net the scrap of white paper that has fallen from her bosom to the ground. By some strange fatality Silas Marsden enters the summer house immediately.his wife leaves it. Almost the first object that greets his gaze is the scrap of'paper. Imanginiug. evil in every thing, he gathers it eagerly up, and with fast beating heart and changing countenance reads the following:— . H "Dearest:—Meet me by the old-soak, tree, at the foot of the meadow, at.4uefc this even ing. To-morrow all will be over. Do not fail to home. - "Lovingly, H- ." Poor, unhappy Silas Marsdea? One par ; oxysm after another of rage and jealously convulses his frame, and he utters curses loud and deep. Murder is in his heart, and it is some time before he grows calm enough to form his plan of action. Oat in the sunny world "all isjoy and glad ness. The crickets Chirp out clear and shrill; myriads of birds pour forth their sweetest songs; and the breeze, as it sweeps softly,on ward, bears npon its bosom the perfume of a' thousand flowers. „ Bit all this brightness, all this (song and happiness, are not shared in by the miserable Marsden. His blood .surges through his veins like seething, molten fire, and his heart feels as if ft would tear itself asunder. Back to the house he presently rushes, and calling his wife to him, hurriedly tells her that be has been summoned away on urgent ' business, to be -detained he dobs not know how long. The innocent wife, knowing not what is. in his- heart, bids him good-by and wishes him .success. The green eyed mon ster, rankling in his sdui, makes him fancy that she smiles and his cheerful at his de parture. Pearhflnf losing his seli-ooatroli he hurries off and away through the sweet scented forest towards the village. Night, dark, gloomly night. The sky an: unearthly lurid hue; the atmosphere heavy, and oppressive; the occasional flash of lightning; the sullen mutteringa of thunder among the distant'hills; the soughing sigh of the wind in the tall tree-tops; the weird Wailings of the great-throated frogs in -the river; the low-flight of the leather-winged bat. all tell of an annroachine storm. Odd! bat there, by that old oak tree, at the foot of the Mareden meadows.a man and "woman are'lingering. By the strange light emitted from the clouds I see them plainly. He is tall and handsome—she is slight and graceful. The woman is .Silas Marsclen's wife—the man is—well, I know, because I know everything—but the trembling, angry man here at my side does not. Silas Marsden and I, his constant, invisible companion, are here behind the decaying trunk of a tree that has been riven and blasted by the lightning's bolt. He is nervously clutching a gleaming pistol, I gazing passively on. We hear the voices of the man and woman; they are talking low/and, it seems lovingly. Now they are about to part. We see the man reach out his arms and draw the woman to his breast. We hear him say, " Farewell, my love," and his lips meet hers in lingering kisses. My God 1 The man at my side leaps forth rom his concealment with an awful cry— such as I did never heard before—of mingled rage and despair; and fires his pistol several times in succession at the couple. An owl, alarmed at the unusual commotion, flaps heavily away among the trees; a dreadful deathlike silence now reigns; the sky as ! semes a blood-red hue, and imparts to all I objects the same' horrible color. Oh, it is a terrible night, and my heart grows numb with I a ghastly terror, and the very marrow freezes ! in my bones. Were the shot3 effective ? Yes, very. For , | the man lies motionless and dead, never mov-1 ing after falling so violently to the1 ground, " At a little distance from him lies the woman —the poor little woman—moaning and gasping; her white dreBS all Btained -and dabbled with blood; the rosebuds falling withered and dying from her golden hair, and the jewelled hands clutching convulsively at the trembling grass. Oh,' it is a terrible night 1 No sooner are the shots fired, than the man sees his dreadful work, than remorse seizes upon him, and he rushes to the side of the prostrate woman, and, tenderly lifting her head from the ground, pillows it upon his bosom. Tfaegreat brown eyes unclose for an instant, and a light'of joy illuminates them I the pale lips murmur caressingly," my poor brothef —dead—Silas, my husband—my own—" But the sentence is never finished,, for the sunny head falls back, the loving eyes close forever, and the spotless, innocent soul is quietly born by angel hands over the jasper sea, through the "gates ajar," to life and rest eternal. * . < . A terrible light dawns upon the unhappy marderer. With .a hoarse cry' of agony he rushes to the dead man, and bending low he looks closely at the upturned, rigid face. The countenance tells him an awful tale. "My God!" he grasps. "My wife's out lawed brother! I though he was far away' Oh, why was I so fearfully blind?" . He rises from the ground and dashes like a hunted animal into the depths of the forest. A flash of lightning, a burst of thunder, and the threatened storm bursts forth. Oh, it is a terrible night I A wretched wanderer in Europe, under an assumed name, attar a lapse of two years, I again sea Silas Marsden. Over the snow covered mountains oi Switzerland, the sunny slopes of Italy, the vine-elad Mils of Ger many, the bonny vales of Franoe, the foggy streets of London, the gay resorts of Paris— here, there, everywhere, he has sought the , blessed boon of peace—surcease from sorrow. But, alas! it is not granted him. A hag gard, half-crazed man, he wanders on and an, plunging into all sorts of recklessness and debauchery, seeking for that which, is denied him. Constantly bis innocent victims are with him—in the waking bourn of the dread mid night, in the full glare of the noonday suu; in the crowded city, in the quiet country, "he sees their blood-stained forms. Hourly he curses himself and his blind jealousy. Poor man, hard, indeed, is Ms position I Now we are back again in America, in the third story of a equali; hotel in a lonely quarter of a great city. It is midnight, and the anniversary of that terrible murder in the Marsden meadows. Again a frightfal storm is raging. For three days he has lain there upon that miserable cot, listening to the howling storm, striving to forget the past. Ths hour of midnight, rung out by a clock in a neighboring belfry, is borne quiveringly I by the sighing wind to his listening ears. I The last stroke dies away. With the old cry 1 on his .lips, Marsden springs from the bed, I draws a pistol from his bosom, placet it to ■ is ifciujjjc. tree, auti sinks to the floor a fioody corpse. * S * „ • Beneath the spreading boughs of the old oak, by the river, at. the £oot of the Marsden meadows, I refit again. I had certainly been asleep, and the night was now far advanced and dark as pitch, All was still as death save the murmuring of the little river close by. 1 felt like one who had been suffering from a terrible nightmare,' and it wais with difficulty that 1 found cay way back to the village, and to my lodgings. After that I was sick for several days; but the phyeicion said my illness was caused from lying on the damp, ground. I did not tell him of my strange experience, nor of the painful condition of my shoulder, which lingered with me for many days. - I am' not a superstitions person, but 1 ■shall always firmly believe that the ghost of the dead and gone Marsden returned to earth that night and took me with him down the vale of years, and showed me his past life. 