Notes on My Beat. I said something in my last about tbe pity it is that young men and young women take to the shop counter and rooms so frequently, asa means ofemploy meni. In tbeae days of the domestic ser vant scarcity there is no excuBe for tbe latter, and tbe former no doubt follow ihio nuiiinrr without fullv considering what tbey doing. This field of work does not ofter many prizes to them, while tbe duties cannot be pleasant and the hours are very long. For those go.ing into a similar business and who are likely to have capital when they reach years of discretion, a training of course is neces sary, but unless the top of the tree is reached, tbe services are. seldom well re warded. Manual labour on tbe other band otters quite as good pay from the start, far higher (on au average) after a time; and shortened hours. It also haB tbe advantage of allowing persons to start ; on a small capital and carve their own way to something better, without stock depreciating, and panics so uearly affect ing them as in soft goods. At all limes the manual labourer has his trade to which he can turn to for his bread and butter. Tbe shopman's place is easier filled, and be is less independent in his work, as he can never do it by the piece or contract. Tbe apprenticed carpenter, blacksmith, wheelwright, mechanic, compositor, bootmaker, gardener, plough man, shipwright, and others of the kind, have a better show of immediate returns and future comfort, uot to mention the certainty of a comparatively easy living, than their confreres of the shop. ***** I am glad to say that I have received several letters from correspondents de sirous of learning sbortband, and who accepted my invitation to give advice as to how to start this time saving method. I shall write them shortly. ***** I wonder bow many of my readers believe in gliosis, I mean ghosts in gene ral, tbat is, communication in any form whatever between the departed and the living. I don't, because I never met a person who bad seen one, though plenty who can tell you the alleged story of those wbo have bad a visitation from the other world. Old ghosts are played out long ago, and none but a morbid mind will entertain tbe idea tbat ancient houses, pointed out as Bucb, are really haunted, and that spectres of the victims of by gone outrages groan awfully at tbe pro per spot at the proper hour in the dead of night, and I think tbat the family ap parition ' biz,' is falling considerably in tbe market, though it is not so long ago that no respectable family would have been without one, to come upon them in a hazy sort of manner, sbake a bony band, and retire with blue lights, the whole performance being taken to be a good or evil premonition. No ! old ghoBts are not to be swallowed now-a-days, but what can be said of fresh oues, about wbicb, and other connections with the great beyond, such aa prophetic dreams, there is les9 doubt. Do we not constantly hear of persons dreaming the death of some friend at a certain spot, and having their dreams afterwards verified ? And do we not often come across penpie wbo have actually known the very pei bous who have seen tbe shadowy form of some friend— known to be miles and miles away— beBide tbem, wbo notice tbe hour apd day, And when tbe mail comes in, days or months afterwards, found tbat tbe original of tbe apparition had died at tbe identical hour on the same day as of the vision. One cannot scoff at what others are prepared to swear to. How ever, I should like to meet some one who has had a prophetic dream, or been visited by an apparition. Perhaps some of mv readers can give me something authentiu or an authentic ghost. ***** As the present winter season is three quarters over, it is bardly worth while suggesting private theatricals among iamilies for tbj.s season, but it is a wonder tbat this form of amusement is not gone in for with as mucb vigour aB it is during Christmas: in the old country. Private theatricals require no very great ,ex peuse, and the rehearsals themselves,, by .offering frequent^and pleasant evenings, are by no means the -least enjoyment in getting up a play. Below, ' Anjong the Books,' it will be seen that a new edition of old and simple plays, for family circles, has been issued, though perhaps intended for production by children* This latter form of amusement was very fashionable eight years ago in London, and tbe old story about some oareleas parents who did not supervise tbe play which tbeir children had somewhat altered, will perhaps bear telling again. All went very well in the piece, until tbe long lost lord returned to bis despair ing wife. His lordship recounted bis fearful adventures during ten years ab sence, after which be invited his lady to giye some account of herself. With a loving smile sbe said, ' Hush ! I too, my lord, have not been idle during your absence,' and then drew ber husband in triumph to where four dolls lay side by side in a bed.— Tableau ! Blue lights ! * * * * * This phonograph of Mr. Edison is something as much to be dreaded as looked forward too. It,jv.W,be very pleasant of course to recall a song given by some dear one twenty -years ago, or to have a whole oratorio with 500 performers all to oneself simply for the trouble of inserting a slip of paper, into, the . machine, -The disaovery will be use ful in a thousand ways, but I don't wonder that some people think It will not. gee 'Juto .general use. There, will. be no secrets -,w|th thU. machine, because while we are telling JoneB all about Smith, or arranging with Brown how we , sha|l siyjnc|!e J^pbiflspn, . either of the gentlet»ep interested . but not present, -may— have. placed tbe horrible little in strument in some hidden corner, and after, vye hftye .gojie, have repeated to, them all that we have said. It will bean awkward Ojachine iu maqy respects, .but principally' because it wljl drive liars almost off the pue -of, the, globe. ^jvery; bodies word must become tbeir bond, 'however, mucb they-don't Jlike it. * * * ' '?* * Among tbe 'Books Among the more interesting of recent literary annoHnce jpentp is Mr. John 8. Farmer's 'Ameri- canism — Old and New,' dealing with ! words, phrases, and colloquialisms pecu liar totbe United States, British America, and the West Inilias. . . . Connell University has, says the New York cor reepondentoftheiSuidij/ 1 ime.s, organised a department of journalism, with Profes sor Smith, a veteran newspaper man, at its bead. Students will be taugbt bow to comment upon it editorially. ProfeBBor Smith will act as managing editor, and detail the pupils to the work of tbe various departments of tbe newspaper. This is tbe first department of the kind iu any educational institution. . . . Messrs. Dean and Son (160a Fleet Street) have in tbe press a new work entitled ' England's Battles in tbe Peninsula.'' It forms one of the ' Deeds of Daring Library,' and is from the pen of Mr. Roscoe Morgan, B A., author of ' Our Warrior Princes.' The same firm also intend ihsuing a series of ' Plays for Young Actors,' to supplement the 'Little Plays for Little Actors,' by Miss Corner. The Hrst. of these, which will be published immediately, is entitled 'Prince Bulbo,' and is a dramatised version of Thackeray's ' Rose -and the Ring,' by Miss Amy Wliinyates. This will be followed by ' Gabrielle ; or, tbe Red Cap of Liberty,' by the same writer. . . . Tbe title of the new novel wbicb Mr. Fergus Hume is about to publish in London, illustrative of life on the Ballarat goldfields, is 'Madame Midas.' The book will be dedicated to MiBs Alice Cornwall, of Midas Gold Mine Company fame. CONSTABLE X. 