+t' ~ THE. .,. "OP ERA GLASSES. -I BYWALTER i EDGA M'oCANN. It wae dark and rainiog hard when Cap. loain Clayton came out of the station, and he was chilled to the.bone. His ride had been extremely tedious; he had never felt more fatigued., The clock intfront of the door pointed to half-past eleven. Should he go to a hotel, or go straight to Bancroft's house? He choce the latter. His friend being a bachelor, tho lateness of the hour made no difference. so the captain called a cab, and a very wet, bedraggled individual, diffusing an alcoholic perfume through the mist, re-o sponded, and announced himself the pro. prietor of one of those vehicles, and his will ingness to go anywhere. And now a dispute arose. The cabman, knowing that he was the only one available at the moment,asked ten shillings for the ser vice Captain Clayton desired. The captain was much annoyed. Five would have been a princely remuneration. Bancroft's house, he knew, was only a couple of miles off, and he would have walked there' had not the weather been so bad, and had he felt sure he _ .knew.the way. ,But in a dark night there was a risk, so after a sharp controversy he -submitted to be swindled, and got in. Away they went, the vehicle jolting and lumbering most disagreeably. Clayton, hay ing lighted a cigar, threw himself back and -placed hie feet on the opposite seat, still mentally grumbling. His right foot touched something. He lo?t out his hand and took the article up. In the dim light he made out that it was a pair -of opera-glasses, small, mother-of-pearl and gold, and very handsome. Imperfect as oexamination could be under. the ciroam ,stances, he knew they uust be very valu able. ., He was now elated, for hoe .certainly had got the beet of the driver, after all. Some. body had left the glasses on the seat-the last Sperson who had used the cab. "If I give them to him, he will sell or pawn them without taking the trouble to find the owter. "I shall advertise them, and it nobody appears as cloimrint, they, in all jue. tice, belong to me. I think it is the hand. somest pair I ever saw. They must have be. longed to a lady." , \- They were now at Banorntf's, and the driver got down and let his fare out. Captain Clay. ton paid him with a smile-a oheerfulness that very much puzzled cabby, who had ex peated another wrangle, and perhaps, after Sall, an appeal to the police'; but the hand. some captain paid him his ten shillings with almost a sort of alacrity. Banocroft was at home, and, of course, still up, awaiting his friend, and in a few mlnutes the goest was seated in the library before a blazing fire, and with glasses, eigars, and brandy before him. . SIt, was Now Year's Eve. Captain ..Clayton had visited London to pay calls \- with bie friend Mr. George Banoroft. So they chatted of where they were to go next day, and of many other things,but never a word said ourfriend about the opera.glassoe found in the cab.' Still, the whole eveninghe was thinking about them. They smelt of perfume-somo delicious French extract and it was as certain as anything could be that they had belonged to some member of the fair sex.: Here, perhape, was a romance in this curious little incident. When he had retired to hie room he did not sleep for an hour, his mind still busy with conjecture. The idea that had taken _lt oseasion of him that the owner was not :only'a woman, but a very protty-one;ie-. otamoed there. He drew a mental portrait oef her, and he was busy elaborating it when he ; dropped asleep. S SNext morning at breakfast he asked for the newvepaper.with ari.eagerness that surprised his friend; but there was no advertise ment for missing opera.glasses.. He resolved to allow a couplof days to pass, and then to. advertise them himself. Hte felt moro and more certain that something interesting was to follow hie little stroke of good for tune. ' SAnd'sonow, aflter some hours, he and his friend Baneroft set forth to pay their calls. The first two or three visits were of but oalight interest. At length Bancroft said they vero to call on his particular so. quallntanee, the oCmerons - the eldest "daughter, Miss Jennio Cameron, in his opinion, the most' beautiful young lady in 'trItndon; and so Clay ton saw ther carriage draw up before the door with very pleasant expectations. : I T '1'hey were eushered in amid some visitors taking an evidenlly unwilling and regretful departure. : There were liMr, Cameron, still a handso?e woman, and her three. daughters-the tio' yeounger easily determined, both extremely pretty girls. But the eldest, lies Jennie,wrho emerged fIom theglioom at the rear of the 'room, was singularly beautiful. : -Captain Clayton, in a'wide experlence, had neve seen say one 'en lovely an dyet no 'odd it lier style of'besaty.': '. ''- ' She had profuse "golden" hair of a peoullar rioh, color, and black oyes, and an olive complexion. Her hair was remarkably abun. dant, and fell about her face and neck in a -curious entanglement and disorder. Shbo was .tall and rather alight, and had an rxquisitely graoeful manner, particularly as she walked. ? Clayton was in a nrt ofwaoy thrilled at this strange and beautiful apparition., So the gentlemen took wine, and they all chatted for a few .minutes, but presently tboe captain found himself a little apart from the 'rest and at his aide the lovely Miss Came ion. . He made, a little awkwardly, some com. nent on th day. He never felt so embar. rassed. :" No," she said, " it has not been a plea sueat one to me. I am greatly worried. Lost night I went to the theatre and mot witth a loss-a pair of opera'nltasese. I have not been ,ilo to think of anything since I made the dleovery of their di,ippearance, wehichl was not until this morning." His heart stood till. What should he say ? fHad he found the lost treasure ? "They were rather unique," she went on; "small, and of mothereof.pearl and gold. I do not suppose tlhere i another pair exactly like theln. I would give a t great deal to halv theom lhack, for reaconv outside of their value. I shall advertico, althtought I have almost a presentnent that it will be use. less." "But where did you lose them?" inquired Claylte, uniling wilth ,xp-lotannoy. "Iu thu tlleatlre, I,'m cree. I am no nearly certain ai it is pojl-iblo to be that I laidt tlhom I0n th,, Eanl in I pI on Ilmy wra i, and did not not tatll thlleml Ip aolai, I do Ic,,t rooolleot l hving thmIl with uln an I0 rode homno in the abt, for wye had hlired one. We loleft before thle Ieerloranlleow ae over. I vent to th1e thoatro thif mornilng, hut nothhgll was /knoWn there, It seolllud that it wathlan gll Iot se about every ,ight (1,lter theI deacrtre of the audioe',c tIc taule aIalrgie ol vlay property thlat may hvci bt-' nci'vldenltly left, bet my ifivero. IlPove-c wIreI ,ot manyll t'o artllelvH fInto1l.l It it Inolat p.rptlexht ol'air. And , she Ilddd, inl a ,vort vi alhvtractlon, t" it I lo noeeanory thLt I vl)ild hoave theml." OnlvahIh Ollyton was rxtrelerly Int,;slnted. Tlh lady wiho I;co curiloully hvrn,'lful, ~lnl ther,,dev',,vll julvt a0 0ll,' i, myt,' wry ill tlno bulltnlv . T'llern collhl i,,vo Iim visltR, abont her anllxi.'lpe,,avln lthr 1 IIt(,I with a, re rvev thIIat ettlvr ete'L 'io thloutgIt, r.lnlhehllll rv. mnttio. Amvinv IIwntO lIsnllartll tvo nnvnullt tlhat they mvvvt Ito I they hadl, lnded, rather over. tl ydi tIhe io i n hi vvtv, Iv, lEly alilotW. Iltvy wvlit.leiw, I vtaiut UIay1lv with ll. l mlltlllil lvlli vlivvtvut . Itt the oearrlngeogain, lallcerot valo i "How did you like Mlsnameronl?-1didl you ever?rmeet:bnifore' ith nohua .,eingular;l ,type of beauty? ;But your saw, i aot same- I wha at a disadvantage. • s8e is a good,1pal troubled. Last night she met with a lossn as I' learned from* her dieter?-a very' valuable pairof opera.glases;"'o . . "Yes, o the told me. A prseit from some one,,I judge;'" remarked Claytoi," a 'slight shade of inquiry in histione; butrittlibdtdie: play of apecial iolereIt.'? . :! '' "From Dr. Mlagnus, to whom I rattlii think she isto engaged;. He admire's her pas sionately.. He is very: rich, and I suppose they will be married." "A young man?" " lie is not an old man. IHe is flfy, I should say, and that is almost youthful in this generation. He came irto hie wealth only recently through the death of a nephew for whom he was guardian. Theyoungman died under rather singular ciroumstances. He was drowned, and there were some whire hinted a case of suicide. His health was very bad, and he was extremely despondent. He had a handsome place in the country about fifty miles out-'Itodeastle' it ie called. Dr. Ilagnue is now living there. He is very much of a recluse. Miss COmeroo,I suspect, is hie first love, notwithetending his yearse; and he makes, as you may fancy, a most ex travagant knight." And so they chatted on this subject alittle I longer, but still Clayton said nothing of his eurious discovery. That the opera glasses he had found were those Miss Cameron had lost was now beyond doubt; but something-what was it ?-still moved him to keep quiet. It was a few nights afterwards that, at Bancrolt's suggestion, they called upon the young laody. To the gratification of Clayton's ouriosity,Dr. Magnus happened to be present. He had come down by the train that after noon. The Captain was not altogether favorably impressed with his appearance-a rather small, dark man, round.shouldered, thin and wiry, and wearing glasses just a little colored. He had the look of a student, and therd was something nervous and impatient in hie manner, such as many overworked men have -those who apply themselves too much to Intellectual labor. Bancroft he already knew, and Olayton he sorutinised hard. The evening paseed. pleasantly, Dr. Magnus not talking. much, but always well. At length Clayton found himself on the sofa beside Miss Jennie Omeron. He fanaled that she was not altogether norryfor this so oident. He could tell, indeed, that she liked him. They talked for.'a miriate,,ahd then the captain said : "About your opera.glasseo-have • you heard anything of them ?" "Itush I" sho said, qulakly,,with'a fright ened glance towards Dr. Magnus. "Not a word about them from any "quarter, and I have been so distressed.. They were a present from Dr. Magnus, and he charged me so particularly to be carelul with them. He does not dream that they are lost." The doctor often turned his glances in her direction, and it was easy to see that he did netlike the situation altogether. He would have preferred Clayton to sit somewhere else. That sharp observer saw that he was an in tensely jealous man. As little as he yet knew of the doctor, he wasnotl favorablyimpressed, and thereseemed to his mind something sinister about this mature and spectacled lover. The onversation with Miss Jessie Cameron continuing, Dr. Magnue grew violently an noyed., Clayton persisted, perhaps, to bring about this'result; Whaen, at length, he took his leave, the doctor was quite out of humor. That night' Clayton,' undressing, thought over overything, and resolved to still retain the opera.glaoses. Heo had a sortof presenti ment that something was yet to come of his my'terioua good luck in the cab. SRather oddly, an event of moment followed verysoon. Clayton was called unexpectedly out of town. He was returning in the after noon by train, when, through some inetten tion to signals. another train came swiftly round a dangerou I curve and dashed into the rear of the one in which the captain was seated, which had stopped at the station. There was an alarming smash and great excitement. It proved, however, that few of the passengers were hurt, and none of them seriously ; but the driver of the express wall scalded, and some of the carriages were throwd from the rails, and so it was likely that trafill would be delayed soveral hours. Captain Clayton descended from his ear, rlige and surveyed the wreck. and his services not being needed in any way that he could discover, he strolled up and donri the plat form in that unpleasant frame of ,,ind common to travellers in similar predies mnets. He inquired' about the neighborhoid-whe were the prinoipal residents, an I like q los tions, and at leouth observed a very can splauocs and handsome building less than halls a miledistnit. Whose was It ? IDr. Magnus lives there," returned the seoaiable old gentleman with whom he aon. versed. "The property formerly belonged to hble'nephew,young Mlr. Chiltern, who was drowned not long ago in a curious way." Clayton started with "surprise. There seemed almost a fatality in this, Hie mind instantly reverted to the opera.glasses. '"Drowned?" HIis companion was an elderly, stout person with a rosy face, fond of talking, and evidently one of those amiable gossips who inhabit most emall rural places. "' llldcastlo' is the name of the estate," pursaod this genial sage, " There is an im mense quantity of land there, and amongl other things there is a remarkable lake,. Young Chiltern was fond of boating, and went out every morning and afternoon, IIt was a rather miopey young mar, and not fond of society. Hie would lie in hi, rant and read and study tire surroundinre. I)all fun, I should say, but nil are not sahke. There was a terrible storm on lth evening ol his death, and he did not return to the house as usual, and next morning, being still missing, it be camle iretty certain that he was drowned, and, sure enough, they found his body. I saw it myself-a horrible eniet--the hands eutstrethed and tihe eyes glaring. "Rather odd, wanllt it?" sugoested Clay ton, Iroloundedly interested. ''" I sull,oe it is a nort tof rtilblll lake, itld I don't see how any one could drown, partioularty a p)rsotised boatiman, under such oireulitanees, however severe the storm may have been." "It wan undoubtedly a mystery, and tlie inquast falled to show asything. The young man was alone, Home have siaes hlintle suiolde, but there was no motive lfr that, you seu--or, at least, rnone tlrhat anylody arllhi diveover. Ilre urole, r. IRIIagius, ihowever, tnttlled thant hre was very ecaenrtrio, and at tiren aeted as if not Oltollether right in isl land." CaUlLain Claytoe rollected for a whilo in otleree, oil( Ihn! said : " lar Ie)r. Mignues nyone stopple.! with hih rt Ia i'r'elt?" Ilhs corlpanion nodded. "i Hine Idleso arrived yesterdRay--r nthe un is Crainreurn, I tlhitnk--snd very hiandolrri girns they Ire." " I knoiw vtihen'r r lo d Cl(inytorl, ovJlIh RIeo. rity. "I thavre Hmeni tlieII tI elltire, rndr shlln drol in uipson hr, nlsgr. I srtlllllRleH thu highi rrarnd yoinder luietna to te Iloee ?" " lWhi 1 Illes n ny solvl I YOui kInow thlm 1" 'itl hiied tu sli grenitiam nin h ntiiu, tryliig i reiirIll il he hld al id e nr yllinll lyig irulldellt. " T'ltt talk lhoutt tire nulvide wnar at enipllflll yrou kbn w, rnd no one "-- i " T'liit is thle rliad, lI Ilt ," " llThat is tle rnrlii, uIIIt, direo,,sir, anld"- I ullrytlrn w lav e~l isewell ind st roi l o qL . I ht sn heul iir ie ,r hl wan malll hig iirly the , nltllle. 'llairi wiilSe a reli i on hIII verllnidalri. annd tliilanlu ,l'nylllll Wonas rcur?grlostd with ] silveory urltan of tetollnisheriuri. I-vDr.,MagnnO lboked black as thunder for an Sinstant,ithesiooommanded himself, advanced, and greeted Ile arival. . So now ia explanaition was: in. order,'and the eaptain told the storyof the little disaster t to his traini,'heiht6ning the aclcident with thioe dramatlo'tboithes whidh help a nar. rativo'of tho kind, 'and yet do not violate trlith.: " ' " ' . . ; - • SCould there be any. better introduction than the account lf this interesting adven tore The uneasiness of the doctor, if any had existed, was dispelled. Olayton had arrived in p perfeetly natural iway, and had not, as might have at first seemed, imprudently in. truded himself. Tea and a pleasant evening followed. The ladies were charmihg-Miss Jennie most animated-and by the time the little party broke up, the stranger having been invited to remain over night, Dr. Magnus was in ex. treme good humour with him. As the captain loitered there a gardener strolled by, and he asked for the story again, as ilho had never heard it. The man told it at great length, and a little prosily. " How strangel" said Olayton, oddly im pressed as he had never be3n before. " And, he di'd quite alone ?" " Quite alone," said the man. "And his handomo big pipe, that he was so fond of, w ent down with him, too, and his book and opera-glasees." ;i " r Qpera-glaBsc, 7' I : I L "Qpera elassei?' The gariener stared. : Clayton grew suddenly pale, bat in n mo.; ment he commanded himself.. . " You can't imagine," he said, I'bw this shocking affair affeots me. The opera:glasses were, no doubt, like-the pipe, rare arid valu. able ' ' " Very handsome, eir-small, and made of mother.of:pearl and gold. Mr. Ohiltern bought them abroad, and I heard him say there was not another pair like 'em. There was something peculiar about the-the lenses, I think he called 'em. He prized theni greatly. They went down with him, and have never been seen since. * Perhaps he did not have them in the boat 1lE TIIIIE:OFF TIIE SIIADE;OF TIlE LAMP AND TIlE SUII)DEN GLARE FELL DIRlECTLY ON TIlLE UQOTOR'S FACE (saw them in his hand as ha wae on his sayv from the house," returned the man, Little further followsl, and the gardener F|ollead away. " Ify Ieaveon I" thought Clayton, "this is rftality indeed, I am satisfied as I stand here that young Ohiltern was murdered, and that Dr. Magnus took his life. Andho is the wrotah who aims to marry lMies Cameron I The evidence of the orimeie in my possession, placed there by Providence itself." What should he do ? That Dr. Magnus and Mfise Cameron were engaged was no longer a enoret, and that the marriago could not be far off was almost cor tain. Thbo physician was too deeply in love to run any risk of losing iise prize by deferring his good fortune. Clayton finally conoluded that tihe direct courso would le the bent, lie would go straight to iDr. Meagnus and noouse him of the crime. Ilis demand for proof should be met with the strange story of the opern. glannes. lie returned to the houe. At the door he flound horses arlindin. Presently from the door emorged l)r. Maignus and t hils Jennie Ontameron, tihe latter singularly lovely in Ier riding habit. lhin greted Clayton gaily; but he fancind lrmlort with a Sort of eomharranrmenti . II ]cleated It blush. WoIs it on his Re'oaunt I MIor are said to he all itore or teHs eexuonlrb, and the eapthin felt an inward thrill, Trle doltor, tnt, woe ill ottlod huIneourr, and yppirently just rt little nrevoun and hurried. So ,ft, r it word or two laway went the pair, tid Clalton entered the housH to brreaklfAt, it "which ptlhttanltt oaeplation ire had thne ool. ely of thei other ndies.l lei 0 fsp li the miorning ride of the doctor antl his hoInutifl aireet. STIlnt in an Intlblished thing," said iMrs. ttnrron. " Jennie Is a fanllius ellueo. After Ireekfslltel, COlyloen rwoni distrit, liea enlorled ia lir,t tlIniny nil;ere and lie took it long walk. The weather, though braolng, was stillwarm, and with pleasant eunshine they country had a certain charm. But it was a' long day for the captain, who was city-bred and had rio great rural thdtee -Dr. Magnus and Miss Cameron returned to late dinner, both in high spirits. Clayton felt uncomfortable as ho sat at th phyieian'e table. Hi lihos, indeed, but a man whom he know, both by the singular chain of circumetances, and, what was still surer, an intuition, was a murderer, Ho could see now in the lines of the doctor's face craft and cruelty-the small, wavering eyes, the feline mouth, and also the thir, strangely flexible hands. After dinner cards and musio followed, but the evening, beginning so early, was a long one. At length the little party broke up, and the ladies trooped away to their bedrooms. Captain Clayton and his host were in thb parlor alope. - The former felt like atman who in about to go into action. a t The door was closed, and the gre in'tho' grate was burning easily. It would be hard to fanoy a' more do.'estio scene, or one less suited to aiiything sensational. "I have been famishing for a cigar for two .hbons," said Dr. Magnus, taking out his'case and disclosing its treasures. r'If you.like them strong and well flavoured, you Will praise these, I'am sure.' Slayton sal, w coauld not bring himsoef Io take' one. i, I'do like them,"'he' said, but my doctor; has forbidden the indulgence. I have 'a milder article here ;" and he lighted one from' bhi own pocket. T'The doctor went out of the rooma moment and returned with a decanter of brandy and some water, which he placed on the table, and having also lighted his cigar, he eat down, and for a while there was silence .. "This is a. pretty place in the season, I should'think," began. Olayton, after looking round at the size of the room, the handsome furniture, and the pictures, "but don't 'yd find it in winter just a little tranquil." -' "No, am fond of solitude. I rarely 'go out. I non t care mson u r anything bu i reading." "Your nephew, young Mr. Chiltern, was something of a realuse, wasn't he ?" observed Clayton. " He was, and too much so," said the doctor, coolly. " lie died very suddenly, I helieve, and Miss Oameron told me by accident," said Olayton, raising his eyes from the point of h)is cigar and looking steadily into the physioioan'oface. He could not, however, seo the doctor's features well, as he was on the other side of the shaded aImp. "Yes, he died suddenly and by accident," returned Dr. Magnule, unmoved. " It is n painful nubjeet to me, an you may imagine, and no one ever alludes to it hera in my pro. sence. But, between ourselves, I will any frankly that I don't know whether It was an aocident or not. I hope so. Ile was drowned, you know, in the lake. There was no one present, and no evidence of any kind ever ap. poered to lead to the belief that he jumped into tile water deliberately. But one or two people uIsipocted that moight have been the aseo. Ioe often said he was bored with liv. ing." Clayton's cigar had gone out, and he held it towards the lamp. " It was known to be no, But tills is an awvfully dismal topioc or me, anptain. Is your cigar out 7" " W\Ill, that was a mistake," said Clayton, slowly ; "for hinl opera nlnse eturned up, and are ill lmy pnnnv?esion." Anin by a movooement that nppiarod to bo 0uainl0nllinnl, h tlhlrew oil the bnade of ltheo lamp, and the sudden glaro fell directly on the deonItr's face. Thie elnieter featuren looked startled and awfully white. The cigar dropped from Ilie " What do you mean?" he said, faintly. 11e was striving to compose himself, and ho cent a glance at liquor near him. " i lho lid thone gloaeo In i n the t with him tlhat day boylond a doubt, l)r. MneoguHn," I pursued Clayton, In. stilli?iore 'determined I voice. "They gafterwirdh eame, ide'tmo'ios-i snseloh ~t 'Mies Jennie Cameron, and thetO, byI a most singular accident, into mino. :.I have them , sow.: Thy aro'e young Chiltern glasses beyond a doubt, becaue there is 'not another pair in the epuntry. ,And, moreover, his name is engraved on the aross.piece., Doctor, I havdeircumstantial evidence sufli cient, I think, for any jury tliat your nephew. was. murdered-thrown. into the water by violence when he was not on his guard-.-nd that you were the man who committed the crime l" He stoodoup and leaned over Dr. Magnus, who shrank back with a sort, of appalled glare. But if there wa oever guilt in a man's face, it was in his. "What do you men,,, no sant, pantiog, " by coming to insult me in this manner in my own house ? I understand it all. You admire Miss Cameron, and you take this ei traordinary method to remove me a.s rival. 'You believe that a breath of acaueation'of this sort would ruin me in her eyesn. It is a' hold plot; Captain Clayton, but it will:not suoceed.' I had my opinion' of you at first night. :I command you to quit my.premises thistinstant I" and he strove to get up. But Olayton raised hi flinger. .. - :,' Be careful,Dr. Magnus.. If. you are an Innocentmanrnothing can be easier than to ,prove it;. and,'lirst.of all to explain the cir. cumstaneae attalching to the opera-glasses. 'Midiea'Cam'eron told' me that' she had them irom your own hands. There is overivhelm. ing' evidenceo that Clil[terh had th'em with him In hisboat that afternoon." Here is a matter to be explained; and by you alone. ' It is as certalnnas I stand:here that you killed that young man to obtain his property. You hope now by your wealth to marry Mies Cameron, but you.will not succeed. I shall denounce you as a' murderer," ,. Clayton returned to his chair. ' The doctor was quiet for a moment, arid' then -suddenly poured out and drank. some of the' brandy. Afterl fate minttes his manner underwent a 'chaige; the'itimulant 'asending to his'brain, and bringing a more life.like color to his fade. ' "' l'l null malter, as I perceivea, sImIa on Mien Cameron," he said, in. a moot natural voice. "You are in love with hoee. I and wv:oiG ,aiia nor irronm marrying a man guilty of capital crime. Well, what if I ad. mit that I did, remove my nephew in the manner you deeoribo? You would not dare denounce me-at least, If you love the young lady, oa I know you do, We were privately married at the registry office thin morning. That was the object of our morning ride to. gether. If you care about seeing tl. oertiflcate, I can show it to you in two minutes." And ho laughed with aoynloaldeflanooe. Clayton was astounded. The map wae evidently speaking the truth. Thoro could bi no more doubt of the marriage than of the murder. " I feared something would happen, youl seon, and I madeo ure," aid lDr. Mlgnue, " heo is my wife an fat an law can makoe u and if you really feel the admiration and affection for her you have profesred, you will naturally wilh to sparo her feelings." uolh effrontery was ineordible. The wroeth no longer made any eeoret of hie crime, but, shiolding himself behind lie wife, bade dollnaeo, For a few minutes OClaton eat motionless. lie saw his poeilion plainly. To ilenounoo Dr. Maognus was tI cruel and overwhelm tihe ilnnocent, and plarliaularly the woomain wholm he hitmself had loved. And yet hlie felt that it would not do to admit the hopeleennine of I allituation, and, as it were, to compound 0o aterriblo oirie, " I shall have no more to nay to you to-, night, Dr. iagnunr;" and tln nrose. I con leee, your cool and insolent bearing amnaos ime; but you believe that you are beyond the renoh of juntloo. I warn you not to trust too I much to that inrpnreslion.i 11n went out of the room, the pihyioainn watchling him with a darlo h rer, in whloh there was eommlthing of rmnwed anxietly. WhIIit if Clayton shoull deomnelunhim,nfler allY Arre.t would fellow--?trll--.p rbrapa the worst I- It would be a terrible blow to h. wife, but still women, do not,alwaysedie of thosp things," , She tigtht survive jbo shok and, disgrrace and might even takeo a reordl lnusbad In the peron of this handsoine Cleytoh himself. It wh8 ra'clitibr'ivodld ~, the doctor, -who had esee a good deal ofit,.knew." : CO'ayton went to his room, and for dome time sat in a reverie. Ie felt that Dr. Magnus really had the advantage over him. ' It is toieless. I cannot reveal to horthis shooking secret. This man would be hanged, and I should be the one to put the rope about bisneck. All I might be able to say of duty would be worthless in her eyes. She would tell me that I ought to have spared her and thdso dearest to her. I shball haveto keep the secret." It was late, and he glanced at his bed, and then around his room. Itfwas a dismal, old-fashioned chamber, and he heard some story of its being haunted. ,The mansion was a very old one and had its legends. Certain adventures bad taken place in by. gone days, when it belonged to a Royalist family. Clayton had heard them talked of at dinner. , Yea, it might well be haunted, this dreary room, he thought. The: lamp made odd shadows in the corners and on the wall. The bed was a commodious four-posecr, such as belonged to a past ago, and the chaire tall and stiff. The windows reached very nearly from the floor to the ceiling, and gave a car tain srnse of insoocurity. Captain Clayton was not afraid of ghosts, but he could not help acknowledging a feeling of uneasiness. All he had been through during the day, and the interview just ended-the reaction began to tell upon him, and he experienced a kind of fatigue and dejection. Deat, he' thought, go to bed at once, and sleep would bring refreshment. Very soonhe was in bed, but his mind was still busy. Cares and doubts, it is within nearly every one's experience, are persistent sometimes at the hour of slumber, and the feeling they arouse is nearly one of torture. - At last,however, the captain dosed,and the images in his mind formed themselves into the grotesque phantasmagoria of a dream. He had been in this state of uneasy alumber for almost three-quarters of an hour, when he became abrubtly conscious again,and was in an instant perfectly wide awake. lie was aware, by some subtle intuition, that he had been aroused by a noise, and, without stirring, he glanced around. The room was still quite dim, but he could, after a minute, make out everything pretty well. And now he heard a rasping, nutting sound from the side of the room most distant from him. Ile glanced in that direction, and, to his amnazement, the wall seemed to be opening. He lay perfectly still, and in a minute saw that it was merely a sort of falseo door that had been made to reveal itself. Through it; emerged a human figure. Captain Clayton had had his dangeronusex perincees, and he certainly was .:at a coward; but ie viewed the entrance or bhis apparition withl urequestioable awe. ' It was no ghost. He knew intuitively that it was Dr. leMagnus, who, at this late hour' was on a mission of no good. Peeping under his eyelids and breathing regularly, as if in deep sleep. the captain lay still. The intruder approach -d him steadily, something indescribably sirister in his feline stel and shadowy form. Clayton began to divine his purpose-the doctor intended to strangle him asno he slept, and being a clever anatomist, would do the work quickly, and in such a way as to leave no trace. Next morning the visitor would be found dead in bed-a thing that often happens --nnd an irquest would not be thoughlt necessary. IStrong,full-blooded men die of mysterious maladies of the heart every day. Tihe aseneesr was now at his bedside, and after listening an instant, raised his thin, white hands, with their long fingers, and was about to place them on his victim's throat. Captain Clayton l at bolt uptight - and sprang out of bed. I " You villain I" he cried. " You came herd to murder me, and I've caught you. ust in time to save myself." The ioletor fell back with ' soppressed shriek, and Irew a knife from his bosom.?' "Yes," he hissed, " I will kill youl - Your hour has come." "No," returned Olayton, with a laugh of dieguet, "you willnot kill me; but I will ealpuro you just as you are and-call the household, sand tell the whole story of your crime. Come, surrender I" Tihe captain was something of a giant be. side his antaolonist small and weak, and could evidently overpower him with eave. Thio ae oassin saw that he was lost, and terrified h.b Bend measure, brean retreating, still holding the knife before hin. Tihe scene, in spite of its tragio features, had yet something almost ridiculous in It -tho tall captain in his voluminous night gar. meants striding after his diminutive foe, who '.who kept backing, as he imagined, to the place of entry. Dut, as already related, the room was nearly dark-it was barely possible to see. Dr. Magnus was not moving in the direction he supposed, but towards the other side of the chamber, leaving himself absolutely no chance of escape. Notwithstanding his krife, Clayton had no fear of not being able to master him. At length the aerassin was within just one foot of the wall, or rather of the window, and his pursuer cried triumphantly 1 "Now I have you I" Dr. Magnus retreated again hastily, stumbled over the window ledge, and-with a despairing shriele went backward through the saishe and pains. Tihe occurrence was so startling and uno expected that playton Iimself couldlecarcely tell how it happened. The long, narrow window vwanethooly explanation. Tiomur. deorer, not perceiving where lie was had struck tihe short ledge, lost hiis balance, and fallen headlong out. The captain looked down, endeavoring to pierce the darkness, but could do nothing. He heard, however, a groan. Ilastily dressing himself, he gave the alarm, and followed by tie servants, led the way to the ground. D)r. Magnus was discovered lying on Ilia face, quite dead. At the inquest the whole story came out, and of courso created an immoeonse nsation. The opera.glanses were brought front town and shown. About tile captain'se arratlve there could be no doubt, nor that, as hi hlad suspecotsd, Dr. Magnus had deliberately mur dered his nephew to oblain hie wealth. Thie beautilul Mice Jlennio Cameron was almost overcomleby theIoerevelatlons. Hllowas really ths dead dolctor's widow, lMrsP.agnus, by thle secretr msarringo. After about a year and a ialf lshe imarried Captain Clayton. 