POSTAL REFORM. IN connection with the Postal Conference, to be held shortly, there are many questions of intercolonial interest which will have to be considered ; but there is one matter of very considerable importance to a large section of the public, which may, perchance, escape attention for want of "a reminder." We refer to an anomaly in the regulations with regard to intercolonial post office money orders. According to the existing regula- tions, a charge of 1s. 1d. is made for a post ofiice order for any sum up to £5, so that in case a trifling amount, of say a few shillings, requires to be sent from here to Melbourne, it costs 1s. 1d, to send it, Within the colony the charge is only 6d. ; but even that may be avoided in the case of small sums, by forwarding stamps to the amount. This, however, ia not practical when the letter has to cross the border, and the shilling charge may be a serious consideration to many persons. But, apart from the inconvenience to individuals, and on the principle of the thing, there seems to be no reason why a uniform rate should not be adopted with regard to post-office orders, as in the case of telegraph charges. For a long time the rule was to change double for telegrams sent to another colony, but the rate for intercolonial telegrams, so far as the colonies of the main- land are concerned, has been reduced to a scale uniform with that for this colony ; and there can be little doubt that the reduction has had the effect of increasing public patronage of the wires to a very con- siderable extent. The charge of 2s. for ten words was felt to be excessive, and tele- graphing at that rate an extravagance ; whereas no one will begrudge a shil- ling for the facility of speedy com- munication with friends or business relations at a distance, and in another colony. The same feeling exists on the subject of P.O.orders. The charge of 1s. 1d. for the lowest rate should be rcduced to 6d., or the scale might be altered so as to provide a sliding, scale of charges for orders of from £1 upwards. The present regulation is absurd, and the charge for sums under £5, if not prohibitive, is at least exhorbitant and ridiculous. THE local fire bells have been called upon to do a fair share of duty lately, but the central instrument in Fitzmaurice-street was put to a decidedly novel use yesterday after- noon, when it became a temporary "abiding place" for a festive young possum, which was observed to be perched on the tongue of the bell, doing a gentle swing. Had it been night, and had the 'possum succeeded in raising a note or two out of the bell, Wagga might have been in a position to work up a little ghost story of its own—such are be- coming fashionable again—about (say) "the hauuted bell," for at the first sound of the dread note that 'possum would have fled for the nearest gum-tree, and then the mystery would have been how the bell came to speak. Happy thought. Had E. A. Poe some such contingency in his "mind's eye" when he wrote about "the people, that dwell up in the steeple, all alone." THE Majority Fund of the Presbyterian Church of Now South Wales, established when that body celebrated its 21st anniver- sary as a united church in 1886, now amounts to £22,000. Amongst the latest subscrip- tions, not yet published, are the following amounts Mr. William Halliday, M.L.C., of Brookong, £1000 ; Mr. James Halliday, £100 ; Mr. Angus Robertson, J.P., of Yar- rabee Park, £1000. AN old resident, Mr. Shannon, farmer, of Coolamon, has returned after an absence of five months, during which he paid a visit to Europe. Mr. Shannon left Adelaide in the P. aud O. Company's Valetta, on the 25th. August, en route for England, via the Suez Canal, and returned by the overland route, the trip proving exceedingly enjoyable. Mr. Shannon has evidently benefited by his holiday, and looks as well and hearty as his friends could wish. THE sale of gates, booths, and other privi- leges in connection with the Junee Racing Club Meeting, to be held on the 1st and 2nd. proximo, will take place at Scott's Hotel, Junee, on Saturday next. WE regret to record a fatal case of diphtheria in Wagga, the victim being a daughter of Mr. George Arnott, of Newtown, who died from this disease yesterday at the residence of her parents, for whom great sympathy will be felt in their affliction THE Rev. Wm. Hill leaves Wagga for Sydney to-day, to attend the annual Wes- leyan Conference, which commences on Tuesday next. During Mr. Hill's absence, Mr. James Graham, Evangelist, will occupy the pulpit at the Wesleyan Church. IT is announced in another column that the nominations for the Murrumburrah Town Plate and Turf Club Handicap close on Tuesday the 17th January at 4 p.m. WE have been shown some photographic views of Fitzmaurice-street, taken on the occasion or the Friendly Societies' procession on Monday, the 2nd instant, by Mr. W. A. Howarth, who is (in point of time) a young amateur in the photographic art, but has shown himself to be a gifted student. The view of the procession extending from Mr. Jas. Fox's premises to the Bridge Hotel, is a capital one, having been taken by the instantaneous process : every detail being clearly brought out, even to the outlines of the smallest and most distant figures, and the lettering on the shop fronts. Familiar faces, too, are easily recognisable at any point with the aid of a reading-glass. We believe Mr. Howarth has but quite recently added the art of photography to his long list of accom- plishments, and the specimen of his work under notice redounds to his ability to the ex- tent that it would do credit to a professional. As a memento of the first New Year sports gathering under the auspices of the United Friendly Societies in Wagga, the photograph will have a special value, and Mr. Howarth will probably not be surprised if he is "rushed" for copies. MEETINGS of the Wagga Laud Board will be held at the Local Land Board office on Wed nesday and Thursday the 8th and 9th Fob* ruary next. THE January number of the Illustrated Australian Skctcher (Melbourne) is to hand. The illustrations comprise a number of -i usually interesting sketches, cf which we I may specially mention thatofthe: u Hut by ! the Black Swamp," a weird picture suggested , by some descriptive lines of the Australian poet Kendall ; some sketches of prominent places and institutions ,rin and about Ficcraantle," a really beautiful view of some Waiknto scenery near Taupiri (N.Z.) Also an illustration representing Spring Hay Quarry, near Hobart, Tasmania j and a . des cription of tho funeral of the late Wi Tako Ngatata, a distinguished Maori chief, of whom a very faithful picture is given. Wi Tako was a valuable ally to Her Majesty's Government, and at the time of his death (at the Tipe age of 87 years) and for years previously, was a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council, The Skctcher for this month is full qf interesting items. ATTENTION is directed to an advertisement in. the present issue in connection with the' sports meeting at Coolamon, to bo held on January 26. next. The sports will be fol lowed by a ball. WITH reference to our cable message to the effect that Captain H. :P. Airey had been appointed Companion of the Order of St, Michael and St. George, we are informed that there is a probability of this being an error. It is. not at all unlikely that when fuller information comcs to hand-it will bo found that Captain Airey has been appointed Companion of the Distinguished Service Order (D.S.O,). This is a distinction con ferred for service in the field, and ranks next to the Victoria Cross. . Hanlan has drawn up artioles for a match with Tricket, and has eont them to Rook bampton for the approval of the Queensland sculler. Kemp and Clifford are both doing good work on tho Parramatta. Haulan is a little out of conditiou, owing to a cold, but Nelson is in good health. A shookino death from burning occurred to a woman, tho wife of a Chiucse named' Mon Hoy, who was takiug part in tho cere monies connected with the funoral of a Chinese storekeeper that took placo at Albury on Monday last, her clothing haviug buoonw ignited ,by tho candles placed around/the . corpse.;: Silo was severely burned about the lower extremities, anil after lingering in ter ribloagony until the followihg afternoon, she died.'An intimation of tho occurrence was uot given to the authorities till the next day, aud Dr.Lyons was called in,but his efforts were of no avail. An inquest will probably bo held. THE Mining Department has received the following telegram from-the wardou at Mur willumbah 11 W. J. Collier and John M'AnuIty have reported that thoy discovered a payable gold reef on the bank of the south arm of the Tweed River on October 1 last. An assay has given 4oz. 18dwt. per ton." IN the forthcoming prize fight between Jack Burke, of America, and Larry Foley, the combatants will use'2oz, gloves. THE Colonial, Treasurer.has called.on all companies, firms, and associations receiving deposits to furnish quarterly statements similar to those now. given by banking insti tutions. This step is intended to protect tbe public against building and land companies conducted on' an insecure basis. " f MR. VV, B. DALLKYT is now almost wholjy recovered from his long and serious illness, and lie hopes to. be able to take, part iu the centenary eolebrations. j A BOSH fire which occurred in the Mount (Jambier district on Tuesday, destroyed 300 sheep and burned nearly 1500 acres oE grass on the Moorat Estate, Mr. Walsgott's las* being estimated at £400, and Messrs. To liner and White's^ at about double that amount. The Karnoolut Estate was wholly swept by , the fire, as also was a large part of t'oola anil Mount Schanck, while a large number pf sheep were destroyed on each of the stations The fire also destroyed 200 acres of wheat; belonging to Messrs. Jamicson and Steele, and the property o£ some residents at Allan dale. ? ? ' i THE International Postal Conference ;is fixed for the 19th, instead of tho' 17th inst.,: as was first proposed.' All tlio colonies except New Zealand, which is unable to take ahy part in tho conference, will be represented. THE entries for the forthcoming Centennial . Intercolonial Exhibition are very numerous in all the sections. / Tho approximate (num bers'fbr the'principal sections are as follow -Horses, 420 cattle, 300; pigs, 85; poultry, 780; dogs, 375; wine, 45 ; sugar. 38; farm ing produce, 300j''horticultural, 96 imple ments and machinery, 411 ; lood,36; drinks, . 38,; the total number being 4030. ; ; ? . THE Uralla and Wcdcha Times of Wed nesday has the following Mr. -M. Walsh, jun., of Salisbury Plains, can fairly claim to have beaten the record for snake-killing this season. ' One-' day- last week; on 'Salisbury Plains, he saw two ycuug snakes, which ran into tbe mouth o£ another one, of the black species, that was near at hand. He quickly killed the reptile,: and on opening it Walsh discovered 12 young ones, aud very lively. These snakes' were, also killed, . and a, few , moments after1 Walsh discovered at the same' spot another snake, < a; brown one, about oft long. This was likewise .killed, making 14 snakes destroyed in one day. DK. MOOKE; the Romaii Catholic. Bishop of Ballarat, had a. private audience of the Pope. . He presented his holiness with an address from, tho Roman Catholics of :Vic toria, which was accompanied by, 1000 sovereigns minted from Ballarat gold' Ho also preseuted a number of quartz specimens, and several groups mounted in, silver repre senting^ Australian flora and fauna, and illus trations of aboriginal life. The Pope, in re turning.his thanks, for the gifts,-said he was pleased to observe the great progress of the Churoh in Ballarat, .and, commended the llomau Catholics of that diocese for their'' generosity, in the -support,of, religion and education! He also thanked them'for their offerings to the pontificate;'. THE seizures made during the past two years by the officers of the Customs Depart ment (says the Argus) have resulted in their paying a largo sum into the Treasury on account.of fines and:the proceeds of- sales of confiscated 'goods. iThe value of the fines inflicted for breach of the Customs Act while Mr. Langridge, M.L.A., held the portfolio of tho Customs . -was - £644 19s. 3d., aiid 'the worth of tho goods confiscated was £755 2s. Id. Since: Mr. Walker took office tho total fines have amounted to :£5812; which includes penalties of £1000 inflicted'- in connection with the Sohuhkraflti uuuu, and £2'250 in connection with recent seizure of milling machinery.: -The value of the goods confiscated during that period was £2753 10s. lOd. The total fires impoied since 1883 are £5612, and the vft'.uo of the goods for feited £3508 12s, lid. , IT is understood that Mr. C. L. Garland, M.L.A., who contemplates au early retire ment from political life, Will'resign his seat as a representative of Carcoar about two months hence... .Mr;.Garlaud; haadeclined to accept a proffered money testimonial which a large number of olectors recently, decided to give him. . 1 ? . ? A cuitfaus' case has been determined bj th'c court in the old country. A'mari de manded to have his name inserted in an electoral roll in London on the ground that he was a freeholder.' The ground of his .applica tion was that about a year previously, ho had purchased a plot "of ground, 8ft, by 4ft.-, in Kensal.Grcen Cemetery. ' But, if the application was a novel one, the ground on which it was refused was still'more; hbvel, for the Court held that a mere right was not enough, but that' there must be an actual tenancy.- As the learned Judge, grimly, re marked-" Wo vrill consider your claim when you become nn occupier." WE {Biirrangong /lrrjti3)aro' indebted to Mr. H. J. Jeffreys for the following account of the revenuo received-'at tho 'local Lands Office for the quarter ending 31st Docernber last0. P. deposits, £30 12s.' 9d. ; C P. in stalments, £276 9s. 6d.:; C P. transfers, £227 8s. ; C.P. improvements, £225 6s. 6d. ; conditional leases, £100 los'. 8d. ; timbor licenses, lithographs, &c.;, £8 17s. 6d ; auction sales, £548 8s. lOd.s total, £14-17 19s. 9d Tnvi Jtirildtrie Herald writes :-It has been proposed by the Anglican Committee at Hay to build a residence'for Hisi Lordship the Bishop of Rlveriha, and with' that object in view the various members, of tho denomina tion in the diocese are respectfully solicited to assist with their subscription?^ aid of the building' fundi ' The 'following 'is the sub stance of the circular sent out appealing] for subscriptions "It has been decided to build a residence for the Bishop' of Rirorina with a view of rolieving hini oEtho Undue burden of rent which he now bears. It is desirable that the work be begun at once; a good'Site has been secured, and suitable plans are in course of preparation.' The estimated cost of build ing, fencing and planting the ground is £4000. Towards this cost the Bishop collected \- in England' £1000,:'and Mcssrsl' T. and: S. LearmontU have subscribed £250. It is pro posed to raise the balance by subscriptions to be paid, in jthree- annual(instalments. The first iistalm!eht to paid in Janunry'T888.>" Those who are inclined to-contribute will please forward subscriptions to the committee at Hay.' J r THE Sunday, News Mays,-.-: Mr, W, Teece, while beitij£ oho of the' quietest and kindest men in Parliament, is by far the best informed with regard'to parliamentary'faots. ' He is a walking dictionary compared even with Tom Garrott. ' He has an extraordinary memory for events and dates, and is without doubt, an atilo and clevor trian. He is as deep as the lustre of the . dark eyes which light up his optical caverns and the sides of his eagle beak. Bill Teeee may safely bo reokoned as one of eight' or ten roally able politicians of. the Houso; and ho is a demon worker for .the, country. , - . -. ;-. 1' WE arc pleasod to observe that the half holiday has becomo a: popular and permanent institution in town. Tho principal shops are closed ;every Wednosday : at 1 o'clock., This concession is greatly prized by tlio assistants, and has, we believe, the support of the public.-ADV. . ?' ROUGH ON RATS"-Clears out rots, tnioe, roaohos, flios, ants, bed-bugs, booties, insects, skunks,-jack-rabbits, -sparrows, gophqrafr At obomists and druggists.-ADV, " BBCIUJ-PAIUA."-Quiolt, Complete curb, all annoying Kidnoy, Bladdor, and Urinary Diseases. At oh'omiiitB and druggists, Moses tloss and Co., agents, Sydney,-ADy., COMMBNOB tho year right. Don't mole too many resolutions, hut hold on like grim death to those youdo make. If your physical syBtom is out of ordor you should attend to that'at onoe, for it's no uso trying to keop » stiff upper lip wlion your kidneys or liver oro taking tho courage out of you. If you liayo roally mado up your mind to turn ovor s now liaf, commence the yoar by 'aking a thorough opurse of tho colobratod Or. Boll's .Bitters. Thousands of people testify to its pood effects for liidn'oy; diseases,' billiousncisi'. piles, COD itipatiou, <5w,-ADV. 