? (JALATEA. THE ancient sculptor with a genius rare Carved from the marble with artistic knife A maiden so poetically fair That it excelled all maids in all but life, ^_He prayed the gods release the stony death That held the marble in its cold embrace, The gods were good and gave the statue breath, To live as art's embodiment of grace, An actress, who hath geuius for her dower, Now motion to the senseless marble gives, For Essie from Olympus steals the power, And, lo ! again the Galatea lives, Miss ESSIE JENYNS, like a skilful conjuror, has kept her best trick until last. As a Shakespearian actress E. J. had won deserved fame, and it was very naturally supposed that .Shakespeare was so especially her forte that she would be only a moderate success outside the divine walks of Avon. Her Galatea, however, is certainly as good as her Juliet, and probably better than any other impersonations. S l ie giveB a perfect embodiment of the vivified statue and melts from one artistic pose to another with a natural grace and ease that keeps the statuesque idea constantly before the audience. Fortherest, the charming Essie is equal to all calls upon her, and delivers the innocent langusge of the marble young lady with captivating naivete. When this talented young lady breaks our hearts by leaving us to mash the gilded youth of London, we should advise her to make her debut as Galatea, and then if London audiences were composed of statueB, this modern Galatea will wake their marble hearts into life. Miss Jenyns is very well supported by Mess s. Holloway l Elton, and Misses Deorwyn, Steele and Arden. The best played part in the piece, next to the stony young woman, is the small part of Leucippe, the soldier, which, in the hands of Mr. Albert Norman, is simply a magnificent little sketch. The calm and unsurprised manner in which all the characters take the miracle of a living statue is rather remarkable. Even the Athenians, who allowed the goda to interfere with their work, should display some wonder at the eerie visitor, who would partake of something of the nature of a modern ghost. The actors and actresses, however, accept Galatea, not with the wonder and respect due to a supernatural visitor, but with the easy familiarity of a summer boarder. " MR. BARNES OF NEW YORK" is about to wind up his visit to Melbourne at the Theatre Royal shortly, and those who have not yet seen this gentleman should at once hurry up and do so. On Saturday next the Majeronis will open 011 a series of farewell performances, " The Old Corporal" being the pi&ce-de-r;? istance. On the 28th Signora Majeroni will be the recipient of a grand complimentary, when "Marie Stuart, Queen of Scotland," will be placed upon the stage. On the Saturday following Mr. Charles Warner aod a specially selected company, including Miss Ada Ward, will appear in what is said to be Warner's latest and greatest sensation, "Bands Across the Sea." MR. SIHONSEN'S spoon-decorated young men are still twangling on their AndaluBian banjoes at the Opera House, and Signorita Osvadella continues to cavort, at intervals, in connection with sundry young women who are passed off on the unwary Exhibition visitor from wayback as belles of Castile. The Spanish Students are getting on nicely and are adding to their stock of knowledge nightly, but if tjhey understood English they would learn more rapidly—what the general public think of their music. We think it remarkable for sweetyess of tone and accuracy of time ; the waltzes are like strains from a gently wind-smitten vEoli harp (all rights reserved) and the twelve S'udents and the party with the fiddle attaok the ditties as one man. But the character of tone of the guitar is not of a sort that improves by being massed, and consequently the general effect of these productions is thin. The players are a picturesque crew, and their evident familiarity with the music gives them an easy appearance, even in the throes of an overture, which is in pleasing contrast to the acrobatics of the ordinary agitator of catgut and lends a charm to the whole entertainment. The dancing is of a liind that we might become used to in time, but it would take a pretty good thru, and we are afraid that we shall not live long enough. The disportings of the larger lady of the two leaders would be, we should think, an acquired taste, and we are just as well contented not to expand our simple tastes in that particular line. The lady shows commendable energy, however, and exerts hersel f to the utmost in her efforts to please. The singing has been improved by the inclusion of sundry local melodists in the aggregation and the show is now one which is worthy a visit by others than those merely seeking novelty. THERE was a very large attendance at the Bijou Theatre on Saturday night last, when "On Change" was produced for the first time in Melbourne. It is very evident that the author sat down to his work with one aim in view - laughter - and he has succeeded admirably. For we have an excitable Scotchman, a successful sharebroker, who gives away cheques for £10,000, the inevitable mashaw, an out-of-collar doctor (a novelty now -a-days), and as they say in the play- bills "a host of others too numerous to mention." Life is too short at this juncture to fully wade into the plot of "On Change." Suffice it to say the production adds one more to the already long list of Brough and Boucicault's Bijou triumphs. Mr. Robert Brough is particularly in his element as Professor Peck. He has the accent to a nicety, and to say that he was funny is but a feeble way of putting it; he was regularly overflowing with humour. Mr. Boucicault as the idiot that is the n'less masher, also gave a fine performance. Why, such an all fired simpleton did he appear at times that one could almost imagine that a suburban tram con ductor was before them. Mr. Titheradge is an artist, and somehow never seems to go wrong; his Joseph Johnson was turned out in the most work manlike manner. As Burnett Mr. W. G. Anson gave further evidence of what a capital actor he is, and of Mr. Cecil Ward we can only say that he could hardly be improved upon. Misses Gilmore, Pelham, Temble and Mrs. Gordon - in fact, taken as a whole, there was nothing left to be desired, and the piece should have a long and prosperous career in front of it. "On Change" was tastefully mounted, and some new and elegant scenery has been turned out by Mr. Spong. There will be no bill "on change" for many weeks to come. THE dark and dismal aspect of the first part of the Alexandra show has at length been alleviated by the introduction of a quantity of youth and beauty, and diverse ravishing damBels are strung about in conspicuous positions, and display their proportions to the satisfaction of large and enthusiastic audiences, whilst the coloured brothers wrestle with the high notes, and evolve new and excruciating gags frcm the depths of their inner consciousness. Some very commendable ballads are lavished 011 the patrons during the progress of events, and John Gilmore and Sam Keenan rip out an hilarious rondel or two, which are not quite so aggravating as they might be if handled by less accomplished banditti. There are Bix other African students stationed on the corner, who all do things requiring nerve and a contempt of eggs and half-bricks with more or less cclat. The Borani Brothers continue to convolve, evolve, revolve, wobble and rotate on their axis with great freedom, and Harry Devere, surnamed "The Musical Moke," after his grandfather's mule, probably, wakes the welkin with the wild melodious strains of common domestic bellows, and the lamentations of a cracked fiddle which he plays by rasping the cat-gut against his back-bone, and in seven thousand peculiar attitudes previously unknown to Ecience; he also drags tunes and variations from a number of striugedinstrumentsimported from a foreign strand, and makes a-many highly facetious remarks. The other members of this gorgeous galaxy are all presentable, the final farce is a hopeless entanglement of rent and belaboured melody, belligerent niggers, sausages and moral decay, and the house, as we have previously hinted, is so crowded that it is betraying a tendency to bulge at the sides, and belated Pressmen have to swarm on to the roof and criticise the proceedings through a skylight. HAROLD ASIITCN hit the taste of the public to a nicety, or near it—very near it —when he laid out the present programme of novelties. By the- way, we notice that Jack Wadley has gone over from the Cogill crowd, crossed the road and thrown in his lot with Clark's Co., and a very welcome addition, too. Whitburn's specialties are as usual features in the evening's trouble. Miss Lee Erroll and Al. Filson, too, are winning fresh laurels, and Glover, the coir.ique, continues to nightly make fresh additions to his already large troop of friends. Jimmy Walsh, Johnny Cowan, the dictionary torturer and others are all in at the death, the applause being pretty equally distributed amongst them. " WHOSE ARE THEY ?" or " Seeking a Kindred Soul," described as a comedy in three, acts, was put up by Johnny Gourlay at St. George's Hall on Saturday evening, and was a welcome change from the now-pretty well-worn-threadbare minstrel business, and " Whose are They ?" has nothing in the way of novelty as far as a plot is concerned, and some of the songs intr oduced are as old as the hills, if not a derned sight older. Just fancy Charley Cogill giving "it was gone." Egad '.it's nearly tithe it was. The company engaged by Johnny Gourlay is a good one, and comprises several first appearances. Miss Kate Alma, who made her debut in Melbourne, sings very nicely, and is sure to become a great favourite. Miss Lena Salenger, (recently returned from India) is also a welcome addition to the Melbourne stage. Mrs. Paget we have often seen before. Miss Thornton, if we mistake not, will yet make a name For herself, a,nd our Tilly Lake is nil that could be desired. Johnny Gourlay, Geo. P. Carey, Harry and Charley Cqgili are all up to their neck iu the fun, which is fast and furious, -and Greville the junior is evidently following the footsteps of the old man, and A If.-" Holland once again shows us what a capital allround man he is. There was an "Exhibition's open" look about the place on Saturday evening, there being plenty of vacant seats. 1 he hall lias been re-decorated, &c.; " Whose are they ?" will be repeated, again this evening. THE Lynch Family Bellringers are still meeting with great success, and although in their twelfth week the entertainment is apparently as popular as ever. For the many years this family have been before the public, this is truly phenomenal, and it speaks volumes for the general excellence of the performances. The season ill Melbourne, however, is drawing to a close, aud in the course of a few weeks the liellringers intend to re visit Ballarat, Geelong, and other well-known centres of population. 