wit on to**#; hM»«t for the Mcofcd tfw* *4ibstod -> ta*<\- digtelled manned sad ctoWdtuMttihci *tauttoq»a teutttfcoii •aengfttotwMiwlui^ frteutien,4t M» •AMI «M«ailM> smMoImh that lit; JM shown. But It would be Just u vht to «*!#*# command a fleet, or ft lieutenant of artillery because he does no^losdtan army. It is not for what it is, but |pr w)faat it will become that we feel pride in .iL ' \Ye can bide -our time. " Some years ago a play called " The Silver King" bad a great evccesa in Melbourne; but nowadays we are ail silver kings, and the above-mentioned spectacle was nothing at all to the drama now being performed on 'Change. That man is looked upon with hatred, ridicule, and contempt' who has not at least an interest in the Extended Silver Something, or a promoter's share in the North-West Argentines. And with Broken hiUs rising es they have done, it, is no wonder that we are just a little off our beads The only thing to he regretted is that, by the time all our fortunes are made, the rupee will be worth just nothing at all, and the Indian Empire ruined. It is only the other day that we were grumbling at a " hot wind," though it, as it appears, Is a blessing in disgniBe, but how grateful we must be that in attempting to mitigate it the American "blizzard" has not been introduced amongst us by the Acclima tisation Society, or th# ifhporter of the rabbit. When we read of two hundred per-1 sons bang frozen to death, we can easily understand what a terrible and widespread calamity has occurred, and be thankful that our climate iB such as it is. I heard a ghost story the other day, and as there is no moral to it I reproduce it. 11 It must be nearly 20 years ago when I had my only ghost experience, which was not much of a one," he began, "and I do not mind tell ing yon about it. I merely premise that there wob no liquor iu the camp, I was in my usual health, and I did not believe in ghoBts, and don't now. I had been oat a long way west of Rockhampton with some sheep, and was coming back with the horses and a couple of men. We camped one evening near au old sbeep-yard. In the middle of the night I awoke. 1 feit no mysterious promptings or unearthly BenBations of any kind; 1 was merely thirsty. I took the billy, and started for the creek, which was the other side of the yard. It was a clear, bright, moonlight night, with a full moon overhead. As I came out of the timber into the open space of the eheepyard I saw a man, dressed as an ordinary bushman, crossing the yard at the other end. I saw him as distinctly as I see yon now. I was surprised to see anybody there, bnt felt no other sensation; and wishing to know what he was about I balled ont to him to stop. He took no notice, but kept on his way. Determined not to be baulked, 1 ran diagonally across to intercept him before he got to the creek. I ran pretty well in those days, and though I felt my feet sink at every step in the soft stuff in the yard, I knew that I must have overtaken him. To my intense surprise, when I reached the point where my course wonld have cat his, there was no man in Bight, although I could see around me in every direction for a hundred yards. You will say that he might have got into the creek timber; so he might Bnt in an old sheepyard you can almost track a mosquito, and my footprints were as easily seen in the moonlight as if it had been oroad day. Imadeacarefulsearch.batnotraceorsign of human foot could I see. I was astounded at this, bnt could do no mote, and went back to camp, where I found my two men sleeping. In the morning I related what had happened, and one of the men said at once, "By —--, you have seen 1 This place is known as 'Murdering Hut," because a hut-keeper kilted the shepherd here some years ago." We made further search by daylight, bnt though any one of us could follow a trail almost like a blackfellow, we discovered no camp, or footprint, or trace of any person but our selves. That's all; it is not much, t have no theory—Idon't account for anything. Ton can believe what you please." Some little time ago one of our best known and most popular racing men and graziers had the misfortune to lose a number oi cattle by a mysterious disease. He reported the case to the Government, and the corre spondence has been recently published. The matter Is past a joke for the unfortunate pastoralist; but if it were not so/the letters would furnish Borne amusing reading in the contrast between the lengthy, anxious, discursive epistle of the sufferer, who had the matter at hearty ' and the dry, curt, ihciaive, cold-blooded tone of the official reply, in which, the squatter is formally informed that "it , is not consider) necessaiy to take aijy farther department action in the matter." Though' no "forth action" was takeh, 4he "mystery of the di ease appears to be haftilyefeared up; and shonld be worth clearing Op, as the dfeea u^uivuvij Iiywvoavw OVUIWBUUUIU QVUIU^U for, in the beginning of the ppit letter, } are told that "they (the cattle) comment: dying; and did feo tor lour-or five days lowLr down it is stated that, after. be& taken to another paddock, " they cOtoufeiic dying again ;" and further on the wrii says :—" I have now to inforpa you that ifa have now commended. dying again, jfec similar syniptoihs." Sftrely they mighti and be done with it; CharlestheSecondis t to be compared to then^ mnd. he&DologU; to aiR concerned, which these ihtoueiaen cattle do not seem to have dime. Why cannot people, tollowr the advice of the great Napoleqn, and " wash their dirty linen at home "t These family flore-upsare very amusing to the peWtob betgenetatty result in ridieale and-contempt being cant cm all oonoerned.: betora me, as Iwrtte, a Tasmaoiaa newspaper, in which there fe a report of a. poliee eourt oMe, ia whioh the Hon, Mnr^litoeeededegif!»t<Mptsin--T (bit aeudndewL jk* *wepeehf ,-Jjt, appears that ttMcaptahfciealied to woMrpife, nbn was Uvlftft^ty^|Mta£Pj|f &*x44im*& not being arttaaMft ha* apparently** being iMbl*, refuted tbiWps thinks that be has, ^^soraetoing magnifi cently grand 4a j^'old Jiom&n.; OMmher. She newspaper tq arhidf' ljh^ye remitted, alter a long accottaj^qf,the proceedii " w which it aympathi^Jtr^h tha de'" adds—" Several other sgmU'g^gg; cows, and geese being at large were&ealt; with.' Bob and Jim could not come in to the Btation for the Christmas festivities, but re solved to content themselves with a drop of home-brewed sugar-beer. Bob made this accordingly, and they drank each other's healths in friendly Christmas fashion. A few days afterwards an old mate dropped in, and was duly offered a drop of the brew. He tasted it, and making a wry face, asked—"Is it not rather fishy}" "Fishy be blowed," retorted the irritated brewer; "jnst see me pat a billyful away," and he began emptying the demijohn, when, to the horror of all con cerned, a dead snake, which Bob had un wittingly boiled alive in his decoction, fell out, Since Marryat'e sailor "tapped the admiral" no liquor has been found to hare more body in it than this, and now ont West they call sngar-beer " Bob's snake-juice." The chief had accepted another position, and had been absent from his colony for some time, when bis new duties took him along the coast in one of the great ocean steamers. As he lay in the harbour of the principal seaport, and gazed on the well-re membered scenes, a longing seized him to go on shore and see his old friends and the old places once more, and visit again the court house that had so often' echoed to his jodicial eloquence. Bat, alas, there was some infections disease on board; and he was told that if he went ashore, he would be put into quarantine: This was very annoying, and the learned judge in quired how long the detention would be? " Fourteen days," was the answer. " Dear me," he replied, " fourteen days is a long,'a very long, time;" when a rough voice in terrupted, " Why, gov'nor, you guv* me fourteen years, and thonght nothing of it." AULUS. 