OUR OPEN COLUMN. THE RELIGION OF AGNOSTIC PHILOSOPHY. What is Agnosticism? This is a frequent question at the present 'time by those who have realized the fact that a new religion has arisen amongst us, which has taken a violent hold upon the intelligence of tho world and of England in particular. ' ' And indeed- a religion' which numbers such mighty brains as those of Thomas Car lyle, Charles Darwin, Thomas H. Huxley, Herbert Spencer, Ernst Haeckel, John Tyn- dall,' Moncure Conway, Robert Ingersoll, Mrs. Lynn Linton, Lady Winifred Robinson, George Eliot, Professor W, Kingdon Clifford, Edith Saville, and numerous others of like calibre cannot by any means be ignored; It is a power of the age, and as suph it is natural that the community should feel curious as to its principles, tenets, 'and morals; whe- ther, they be practical or visionary, right or wrong The term Agnosticism is claimod by Pro fessor Huxley as his invention, in the follow» ing words, written in 1883 : " Some twenty years ago, or thereabout, I invented the word " Agnostic to denote people who, like my self, confess themselves to be hopelessly ig- norant concerning a variety of matters about ; which metaphysicians and theologians, both ; orthodox and heterodox, dogmatise with the utmost confidence, and it has been a source ! of some ^amusement t« taa<tp watch the grad- j nal acceptance of the term and its correlate, j " Agnosticism " (I think the Spectator first j adopted and popularised both), until now Agnostics are assuming the position of a recognised sect, and Agnosticism is honored by especial obloquy on the part of the ortho dox." Few,- Agnostics are entirely satisfied with this cognomen, because, although partly de- scriptive of- their position, it is very incom- plete, and has boen misunderatood by many, outside the movement ; while for antagonistic purposes dishonest opponents persist in en deavouring to mislead the -publions to the ¿4Htf^!0$míng of the term.--In consequence, the frtpnlsr idea has arisen that an Agnostic is either a timid Atheist or a -contented ig- noramus, nothing being farther from the troth tl-an such u oonctusion. One writer has differentiated Agnostic from Atheist by saying that Agnosjtic is merely Atheist «rit respectable, and Atheist Agnostic writ ag gressive;^Witty, but not true: ? . To« Ib^pv^^r.ier^w^^f-motlestldo not "know is not so attractive as the arrogant as» sertion of the conoeited dogmatist, f do know. The ordinary sheep like, man, who, unable or unwilling to think for himself, pays another to think for him and to preach to him the re- sult, does not get enough for fats money in an honest expression of incomplete knowledge. Those who cannot know when paid for know- ing, on the other band, must pretend to know. Agnosticism distinctly -avers that our ig- norance on certain great questions is abso- lute ; such as-Who or what ie God ? What is matter? Is the soul e. separate entity ? In t thewordB of Simmons it "affirms thatthepro ' blem of the universe is entirely outside the oircle of man's gnosis ; that the4 First Cause ' ia within the sphere of the ^Unknowable/ wrapped in impenetrable mystery,' and that all current theories of the origin of things are absolutely untenable." Herbert Spencer says, "The power wbioh ïhe universe maui feste to os is utterly inscrutable," and this is the basia of the Agnostio position. . " Wbo dares to name bis naine, Or belief in bim proclaim P ¿, Veiled in mystery as he is, the AUf*nfolder. Gleams across tue mind bis light, . Feels the lifted soul his might, < Dare it then deny his reign, the All-upholder.' ' -Goethe. Sir Isaac Newton writing long ago of Qed says, "Se is similar, all eye, alt ear, all brain, all arm, all power to perceive, to Widerstand, and to act ; but in a manner not at all corporeal, ina manner utterly unknown to ia. As a blind man has no idea of colors, so have we no idea of the manner by which the all-wise God perceives and understands all things," The true reverenoe of the Agnostic's mind is well illustrated in Professor Tyndall's *' Fragments of Science." "When I attempt to give the power which I see manifested in the universe an objective form, personal or otherwise, it slips away from me, declining ail intellectual manipulation. . I dare not, save, poetically, use the pronoun "he" regarding it ; J dare not call it a'".mind ;"-1 infuse io call it a "cause.'* Its mystery ^Sfewhadows me ; but it remains a» mystery, ' while the objective fromes whiob some of my neighbor« try to make it fit, seem to me to distort and desecrate it." ' , . The professed Agnostic ia not singular in lus ideas of the great * First Cause,' for Lord Brougham remarked that theology was the art of teaching what nobody knows, and even Martin Luther admitted that God was like a blank sheet upon which every man wrote ao- " cording to bis own fancy. .?**'. With regard to the origin of Ufé the Ag- nostic approaches lt with modest* reserve. fl« goes back, clinging to the skirts of soienoe, into the remote centuries of our race's ; history ; thousands; tens of thousands,. ye», millions of years, but finds that the or- igin is yet far remote ¿1 the.dim vista of ob *cnrity,and, in faot,absolutely.inoOö0eivablel What is IMe f Whenoe ia Life f f 3h> these queirtionB he is äntnb^ ; 3Êhe 'starter bis anni ¿E toiOwleoge, -*he more protdund ^eoomes the great mystery of origin and existence. outcome of modern science. It ignores all theological conclusions and dogmas as the superstitious speculations of imaginative men, yet Agnosticism is not a system of negative theology, bot of positive philosophy. Philosophy is completely-unified knowledge becoming more complete with eaoh new fact that science elucidates from the region of the unknown. This region is divisible into two sections : that which can be known, and that which never nan be known-the great and mysterious " Unknowable." The latter is the 'God'-the* First Cause* of the Agnostic, and without it Agnosticism could not exist. Science teaches us every day, more and more that all phenomena are effects of the " Un- knowable Cause." In the words of Herbert Spencer, " it is alike our highest wisdom and our h ghost duty to regardthat through which all things exist as the Unknowable." Agnosticism is a religion of ethics and hu manity, but it is without a creed, for credu- lity is the parent of error. Faith is absent and reason asserts sway. It is a condition nf mind that implies modesty, candor, sympathy and reciprocity. . The Unknowable is worshipped by Agnos- tics, and it is the only kind of worship, to their way of thinking, that is rationally pos- sible ; for every object that is known, every phenomenon that can be explained ceases to be regarded with religious awe. Agnostic worship is compounded of awe, wonder, reverence, humanity, gratitude, joy, submis- sion and aspiration. The Agnostic Temple is the great blue arch of the heavens with the songs of birds, and the murmuring of the winds through the leaves for choir ; its drapery and furniture is the beauteous robe of vegetation. With regard to a hereafter the Agnostic finds' " his longest life is bnt an instant of eternity; as ina day his puny body wastes and dies ; and in the cold embrace of relentless death be sleeps his last long sleep in the gloomy chamber of the tomb. And what be- yond that dark impenetrable wall ? Is be wise who says, "Beyond is nothingness ?" Is be not wiser who, standing on the threshold ef the great Unknown, perceives a grand, an awe-inspiring mystery, and shunning dog- matism, reverently bows his bead, and says, *' T know not" ? If Huxley baptised and named Agnostic- ism, and Herbert Spencer is the great elabor ator land nourisher of the new philosophy, fret it was Charles Darwin who gave birth to it as a living power. Under the teaching of Sir Isaac Newton, the universe might well have been specially created by an almightly originator in the short space of time that theologians claim for it, but Darwin's elabor- ations and discoveries showed thnt aeons upon aeons of time had been agents con- ducive to the present condition of the uni- verse Agnosticism ia not a port, ever open to receive at once the doubting believer in supernatural revelation. You cannot be a Christian to-day and an Agnostic to-morrow. Agnosticism is no refuge for the ignorant and non-thinker. It is the goal of the earnest and unwearying searcher after truth, but it must foe embraced slowly, delibetately, fearlessly, and after close reasoning: and arduous study. The ethics of Agnosticism are, like those of other religions, essentially catholic. It oulla, and is ever ready to, cull, from every source, whether Confusian, Brahmin, Buddhist, Jewish, Christian or Mussalman, any And all teaching that has proved itself to be for the greatest happiness of the greatest number of of the community. All actions are consider ed good which had to the happiness of the people. The definition of morality ia that it is the science of conduct, or right living. Agnosticism kuows naught of providential escapes, of blessed recoveries, of special mercies, of holy miracles, lu the moral world, as tn the material, nothing can change the relation of a cause to its effect. Ag- nosticism teaches men to live partially for self and partially for others. Pure Altruism is neither more tenable nor more tolerable than pure Egoism. When logically united the two form a coherent body of sci- entific and rational Ethics meeting all eases of life. The highest and first commandment of Agnosticism is the same as is claimed for Christianity-Love: the narrowing down of our natural egoism in favour of our fellows, for the good of that human brotherhood of wMob weare members, and ne man can be a true Agnostic who is not prepared at all times to make sacrifices of egoism for the benefit of the community as a whole. Morality de ; pends on and is created by the requirements ¡ of social exigencies, and it is in reality not ? connected with any form of ecclesiastical creed. The natural law of morals is far older than all the creeds of ail the churches. -tn conclusion, I will quote frota Mr.-. Lynn Linton's words in the Gentlemen's Magazine, "All bitterness and reproach, all persécution and scorn, are among the things dead and dono with to, the Agnostic. As little as he would curse the elements which wrecked his house and ruined his land, would he curse though he weald prevent-the spiritual cruelties of his brother, acting aooording to the btw of an uneducated mind, a brutish nature, and walking by the dim light of that dawn which is not yet morning. He knows that humanity must' fulfil-the universal law, and from low amorphous be-: ginnings, reach np to moral nobleness and spiritual beauty. He knows that all 8001617 is experimental, all laws are tentative ; that the stream of tendency does indeed make for righteousness, with many windings and muoh doubling back on itß way, but always flowing onward from the darkness to the light-from the narrow rock in the mountain to the broad and infinite sea. In the abhorenoe which good men feel for crime j be sees the ultimata destruction of crime ; tn -ibe'ip^ ity itself on tim screen of the future ; in the feet that this humanity has ever touched the level of Moses, Buddha, Christ, he secs tbe possibilities of tho whole race. He knows and humbly confesses the great wall of the unknown between him and the ultimate verity. But in measuring where he stands now from that brutish primitive who was his ancestor, he sees no limit to fnrther in* finite advance. He sees no limit save tl'afc of tbe individual. Every man must be born helpless, and if ho lives to the end of his tether, he must die decayed, carrying his experiences with him. All tho same tho race survives." COSMOS. 