?^TaBrnffiDOffVADirHV WymRTEDXTOE* ? Sir-Th^^gfenin^6Iiheyearl64d3daeto test hie weightB'.andilo? gauge hia issasutres f 0x1 a; fresh starts : But i.neitMor - tha i&enfch.; Bavansiwho BroDoaed.id rectify:?ever?. mis iane 01 sue pass, aor ma greas mathematician : who. 4,000 years ago designed the working plans of- 'the great.pyramid could ge'S beyoaa the 'measures of -length and capacity; the measure of value -'.posed: : them. r.-Jrom the' first of the -Pharaohs.' to Mehemit Ali of yesterday, their ''only.- 'standard, of cost for their works was,' 'How'' much food will .it -''require for 'the : labourers --to acebm pliah: a certain amount. of work?' '-Nor dosa' ;that prineo of modem economists, 'Adam Smith, make any advance in this doctrine, for he states that 'Labour is ths true measure of value,' a proposition that tho taskmaster 13 ever bent upon simplifying by trying to fiud out hour little food will euffics to keep his labour alive. It fcbua appearing that labour alone is the true standard of value, how is it that gold and silver have so long been foisted on mankind as Eo-called stan dards? Tho reply ia that these metals have from time immemorial afforded a convenient means for depriving labour of its joss re ward. The slave was driven to work in the mine till he prematurely perished. To-day it ia alleged on competent Btatieticai authority that impelled by tha hope of a large find the community of gold-eeekers, whether in Cali fornia or in Australia, pay more than three times the estimated value of the gold they get in the labour of raising it. Is the un requited toil of the slave or of the victim of' never-satisfied avarice the more to ba pitied! When gold has cheated those who have raised it of two- thirds at least of the value of their labour it proceeds to bribe the custodian cf the public estate of the land, who ought to have retained it for the whole of the people, into betraying their trust until the transac tion has become a custom and the landowner and the upholder of the so-called ' intrinsic yalue'of gold orsilver both have the assurance in the presence of eternal justice to cay 'I bought it— land or gold— and paid for it; therefore, whoever, may have been driven from the land or robbed of his labour, that is no business of mine,' Again, the holder of gold keeps back .his treasure that he may extort a heavy annual tribute for its stinted loan till by the undue leverage of a heavy interest the unlucky borrower is divested of his all. How can gold be a standard of value, when in 1887 a man could purchase 80 per cent. more, gold with the same amount of produce than ha can to-day ? This shows that the gold ? scales must be much out -of oalance somehow. The quality of value in money is not of what material it is made, but the amount of it thai is kept in circulation as compared with the population and 'their requirements in the exchange of commodities in trade and com merce. At present, like a lot of simpletons,' we flatter ourselves that somebody with; a golden lancet may bleed us to the last ex tremity and then turn uo out to regain what wehave lost, If we have enough vitality left we may outlive the repeated process, but if not, then we must financially give1 up the ghost. Any syetem of land reform most be a delusion that does not have associated with it the twin-doctrine of a State-regulated legal tender paper currency. At pre eent kept #~ off the ground by land monopoly, if I turn to breaking stones by the roadside my wages are diminished by the pretended gold standard fraud. This iniquity is kept in prolonged existence by the vain hope of multitudes to ba rich, but who at length have to submit to every kind' of privation because they at one time sought to be better off than the majority of their feilowa at the expense of others. When ultimately disappointed these persons die many will rise up to take their places. .The true standard of value can only be attained when an arrangement shall ba fixed by law that will practically and fairly aid in : the distribution of tha products of labour in auch a manner that every worker shall \- enjoy the fruit of what his own hands have added to the general stock of the country's wealth. This can only be accomplished by a State-ifisued currency, a medium of circula tion that makes against hoarding or export ' ing of money, and which makes for a reduced rate of interest on a cumulated capital The telegrams i of Saturday show \\*hat an enor mous amount of money is made 'by the middle man in floating the Victorian loan. This is only a rift in the curtain disclosing the heavy drain that is continually going . on to the disadvantage of the borrower, and will continue till the require ments of the population, and of trade and commerce are met by a standard representing valuable commodities more reliable as to its supply and less open to manipulation than gold and silver are. The very fault of depreciation that the metal lists uree against paper-money is in itself a strong recommendation for its use because as a never-failing index it shows when there is a tendency to over issue and thus indi cates that the brake should be judiciously applied. j I am, Sir, &c.;, POLITICAL ECONOMIST. 