1IOW TO DREAM THE WINNER.— A WONDERFUL ELIXIR. By an American Phokkshoii. I was born iu New York of a distinctly sporting family. Iu fuct, my . ancestors for many generations back had all been owners of racehorses,' among thorn several noble steeds ; who Imu won immortal fame on Englum huu Continental coureeu. My hittirr was ns honest mid straightforward' a man as you could wirii to meet— when it suiilad hitn. Iu other words, e, too, was a " wealthy owner." My moth or had bccucarofullychoscnby her future husband from among a number of 44 hor soy " young Indira becauao bIiu 11 took his fancy as a likely filly." Thin, of course, I was told afterwards. My brother— there avo but two of us— is tho elder by three years, and inherited all tho liippomnnift of tho house, lfo was, therefore, always " in tlio know;" and although the youngest child often grows up nn intolerable liuiaanco owing to early 44 spoiling," I was an exception, and was left, by my deal parents entirely to my own devices. Chemis try was my favorite study in early years, ami my experiments nt achool and at homo afforded iu tiioir results a most effective antidote to tho gallons of "Jockey Club" and other scouts which my ultva-dudish brother loved to affect. When yet bub a boy I determined to bo a doctor, and, with that object in view I dived deep into medical lore, and revelled in the— tooulsiders— unsnvorj rou tine of the seriousnicdieal student, Alchemy also cast its subtle charm around mo, and any form of research connected at all with physiology and psychology 1 somehow or other made time to become acquainted with. " The Professor" 1 was sneeringly dubbed by my friends and relations, and my mother wonld often remark to hermuncrous gentlemen admirers with whom she backed her "fancies" for glove?, shocs,stock- iuga and other light articles of clothing, thnb I was unrivalled iu tho art of casting a spell and a smelt sSmnUaueously around tlio house. Ono night aftor retiring to my bed, my head a very world of weird forms and fancies, aud ns I lay awake thinking of and anticipating tho new discoveries which each recurring day seldom fnilcd to bring, nn idea struck inn ! so startling in its nature and opening up such n vast field of, at least, possibilities, tlmt sleep for tho night was out of tho qucsttuu. " Can I not develop certain facts hitherto unknown, but which lmvo been revealed to mo during my studies, so that backers of horses, instead of, as at present, keeping tho bookmakers, may by certain treatment be enabled to 4 spot' tho winning horso for any given race." That, nothing more and nothing less, was tlio idea which rushed into my brain liko an overwhelming wave, washing away all other forms aud fancies, at 3 o'clock una mom- ing.now thirty years ago. Unconsciously, uiy j studies for tho previous six months had been tending somewhat in their direction, and now when an aim, however distant its fulfilment might be, had shaped itself iu my mind, I saw that I had been for somo time entering a new and wonderful country, and I never for one i n. skint thought of dismissing tho idea ns prepos terou->ly and absurdly impossible. I re solved to follow tho track to the oml, confident that what I each minute of considera tion foresaw more clearly was nof ft mirage, but a reality. And I also resolved to keep my own counsel. My methods of research might "stink in tho nostrils" of the household, as did tho sin of the ungodly in the romal organ of tho Psalmist, but I would bo impervious alilco to snoors and snarls. Then I set to work. For very obvious reasons— commercial and other— I cannot enlighten the reader of this history as to how I sat to work. There aro pirates in Australia as well as in America. But what I was determined to pos&nsi; was an elker, tho partaker of which on the night before a given race, hn having read c.irefutly down and then up the list of horses left in, would as suredly dream tho winner of that- race. But difficulties, expected ami unexpected, were numberless. After years of work subjects on whom to experiment seemed to bo p sine qua von. I dosed myself about cnce a week uuder the aforesaid conditions, aud dreamt a hundred losers far every half-dozen winners. Fortu nately I was too careful to back any of tho hundred and six. I altered the strength of the elixir— in tho coucoction of which I may safely state that " 186-1" pennies played no small part— inudo it more palatable, and reduced tho dose to littlo more than a thimblcfull. Still, I found it could not always be relied upon. Sometimes a dose of a particular strength would" do tho triclc." At other tunes a totally different " drink " would bo equally successful. And again either would fnfl, or only produce in Dreamland tho horse which van second next, day. But I have not sufficient space at disposal to describe all the ins aud outs, ups aud dowus ot tho big thing T was attempting to bring oil. When yourM-lbournu Centennial Exhibition was first mooted I redoubled my efforts with a view to experimenting on a select circle chosen by myself from residents of chi-t c ity with regard to the Melbouruo Clip. I say "experimenting," because tlio elixir, though far advanced towards perfection, was not yet perfect, and consequently I could uot advertise it ns trustworthy, unless I wished to become undesirably familiar with the police authorities. I arrived iu Melbourne eliortly before tho opening of the Exhibition, aud took two rooms, bedroom and study — laboratory work was from necessity deferred while in another person's house— in a northern suburb. My plan of cnmjttign was to take stock for two or Hire? months of every me who was at nil prominently before the public, aud from a crowd of these great guns choose, a few to whom- I should send a circular, setting forth as fully as I could tlio origin, progress and probable future of my elixir, not asking any money, but simply in viting the addressee to forward, if he cared to do so, his unme and address to me in a stamped and addressed envelope, winch I enclosed. I expressly stipulated in each case that my circular and the other person's response thereto were to bi rcganled as strictly confidential. Tins may have been unnecessary, for very few men would care to have their friends know tlmt they had had recourse to a "Dream Elixir" in order to back tho winner, In my circular I stated in tho clearest terms fclmk tlm elixir could not as yet bo culled thoroughly reliable, but that if tlio dreamer would wire to me on the morning of tho raco tho name of the horso he had dreamt the nielli before, it would bo of the utmost aBsixtiuioo m ultimately perfecting my invention. I carried out my programme without hitch. I had the elixir made up in small bottles all of equal size, the concent?, however, differing in strength according to certain impressions I luid formed of the persons to whom I hoped, if permitted, to rend it. Truly, tho betting craze must bo inherent in every man, whatevt-rhisprincipli-s. All my circu lars elicited assenting replies, and I imme diately sent out the elixir, a brief set of rule?, with which tho veader is already familiar, accompanying each bottle, as well as a polito notification that, when sending niu the result of the clrram, I should be glad to have also any remarks upon the elixir. Uf course. I care fully jolted down iu my noto book opposite the name of each applicant a description of the do.so sent hitn. And then I watched for results. "Bub who were tho dreamers?" asks the reader. Well, it would be scarcely carrying our tho "strictly confi dential " part of my circular were I to divulge tln ir names, and I should astonish tho renders of Tin: Himiald if I did so. This morning (Tucday) I received tho "results" in due course, and entered them in my notebook with ihe other mrticular.. YVs, the elixir was still imperfect, and writing at mid-day it is impossible yet to say for certain which particular dose was tho most effective, although I know which I regard as tlio nearest perfection, taking everything learnt during long years ot biutiy nuci experiment into consideration. A few notes on tho "Results " sent in nrc due to tlio reader at tills point, but they must necessarily be meagre. The Upper Ten, or rather a few uf thom, but the most distin guished and honored person?, wont Wlmkawai. Others ot them, Aristocrat. A well-known ami apparently irresistible lawyer rent Austra lian Poor. I had honored a fow clergymen with my aitc-ntiouH, ami tho oldest ami most Conservative of these hnddranniiTraihtiounnd Malua and Mentor. Ono of Melbourne's sweetest songsters sent mo Recall. A voluble American prohibitionist sent me Chicago, ami a gentleman who will never Ioso his way to tho Traded' Ilall, Spado Guinea. Another "Josfpii " deeply concerned in the ironmould- eraVtnki! wrote Nrwinnster, -nuking two words woman's rights advocate dreamt Menotti, and a judgo Cycl ops. An enterprising auctioneer's vision was King of the West, and tlint of the member of a hos pital coinmitteo was Bravo. The proprietor of a number of Cm 1 ton cab dreamt Ben Holt. Musicians wcredivided between Touchstonuand Mulos. An undertaker sent mo (Burial, most probably meaning Beryl. A colored courle- mnu not altogether unconnected with tho press had drcaoit Bonnie Spec. Dick awiveller was the fancy of a well-known legislator, and from a tip- top club a swell whose skill in card-play ing is truly wonderful, sent me Maggie, A burlesque actress had distinctly seen Pliaon and a well-known, formerly sea-taring gentle- : man sent mo Ensign, A detective sent mo; E.D., and an M.L.O. wrote Ilex almost illegibly. A venerable atl'idic of tho Univcrs'ty hud bit . on Lord Head- ington, and a photographer scut me Yeoman cut upon a piece of dirty glass. Thus had my experimental invitations resulted, -and I await tho result of tlio great race with faq more interest than if 1 had a fortune ou tlio issue. I havo uot a sixpence on any horso, but I lmvo a big future, because by next Gup -I know that I shall have brought the olixir to such a pitch of perfection that tho imbiber will' dream the first three horses in order, as well as a protost should such a very unlikely rod be iu- piuklo for tho-' winner# - A DRAMATIC DREAM OF THE DAY. It is alleged or insinuated that lie affects to bo a dramatic critic, and some go so far as Im puting to him tho nuthorship of several plays, which lmve been moro or less produced. That may or may not be j bub this much is certain— ho is constantly seen in tho com pany of malingers and actors, aud is a regular frequenter of those haunts where immmitfra "most do congregate." Suit has como about that soma of his follows whi.qw it among themselves that ho has the stage on tho brain- that he thinks of uoihing clso during tho day, and that it is his nightly dream. Dream I Yea, it is. And in a certain dramatic den where, ou Sunday night, tho probable winner of tho Melbourno Cup was tlio subject of conversation and debate, ho narrated a dramatic dream of tlio ovent. How graphically ho told lua tale, aud how attentively ho was listened to. Irving nover recited tlio Eugeno Aram business with more (tower and effect, and the whilo you might havo heard the proverbial and pointed pin drop. It woa A won drous talc, nnd they were captivated— nay, electrified. Such things as these not only suffer sadly m tho repeating, but it is difficult to obtain and sustain tho same effect even m tho boldest and blackest of bold, black print. But a suggestion of that mid night mental meandering may Uo attomptcd, even although it should end in something approaching that dtro disnstor which befel tho dreamer. It had been a Into night- some of theui would not, it may bo affirmed, without tho slightest reservation or hesitation, boldly nnd tmbiushiugly assert whether it was n lato night or an early morn at tho dress circle saloon of tho Sock aud Buskin, on Saturday. Houses had been big and ontlm- »inMio, and managers having found that their houses mado up well, and actors bring elated by tho thunders of npplaune their " points" had broughtdown ui>on tlusm, were jolly and jovial. There was a big crowd, and there was considerable claret and lemonade, sar- saparilla and tonic, nndEodannd milk flying around. These things get monotonous after Ncveral hour?, and little knots begiu to drop off together, some to slip, others to sleep. Aud with some boon companions— somo of tho loaders of tho profession— he who dreamt the herein recorded dream betook him- self to another lumnt of tluir kind to sup. There ho met the cause that conjured np his- dream— Frankfurt?, two of them, sturdy, strong and swilling in Eometliing which re- fombled melted butter. Ho ate "not wisely but too well," nnd there was moro soda nnd milk. Then there was a suspicion of athcux and partings, of hailing hansoms and of getting with an effort boots outside certain door?. There are further questionable aspersions which go tho rounds about this dramatic dreamer. Ami this is ono of thom. Ho is said to have tho finest old matured and crusted snore which you could wish in any thinly partitioned hotel bedroom. Time prominont proboscis of Ids, it lias by some vito treacheiy become known, was in first class order over night, Sunday, and thore were sepulchral sounds resounding through a certain villa. Amid thein come tho dream. "You remember," said he, to now usohis words so far a9 they can In a simplo way, he recalled and recorded, "the scene in Macbeth where tho ghosts cross tho atagc behind that gnuzo-covt'i-cd opening right up nt the back of tlio stage. Well, I thought a Rimilai' opening was at tho foot oi my iicu, ana uko cue j sudden changes of the kaleidoscope tho different scenes nt Flcmiugton were flashed before me. There was the Stand— crammed ; , IhoHill ouo sea of faces; tho Flat with ( its thousands, tho Lawn lowly and lively, j tho Paddock with Us bawling and betting , and the Birdcage active and attractive. Thoo < just flashed briorc mo. But all of n sudden tho scene stood still. It was tho starting post ; | tlio horses were getting into lino and the ' jockeys were out loading footlight favorites, and in character. Iu the moving about I could uot soe them all, but I spotted a few. There was J. 0. Wil liamson in all his Struck Oil h&bilimouts; on tho Australian Peer ; Charles Warner, lu his Cou- penu costume, astride old Malua ; Robert Brotigh, sitting in ull the dignity of a Lord Chancellor ou Cnrlyon ; young Boucicnult, appropriately apparelled as the Sophinn Squire, with IiIh feet well out in front of Arsenal ; George Musgrovo enclosed in the score of a comic opera beating time to ! Chicago ; WiUiam'KUon, ns Lurcher, asking Wlinknw.ii where tho water bottlcis; Garner in all tho elaborate white tic aud shirt front of tlio Spider towering over Aristocrat ; E. T. Royco showing Rlueskin's jolly red nose over Tradition's head ; Will Whitburn after sundry blooming bicycle dilapidation?, hold ing on with both hands to Mentor ; Anson in all the gorgoousncss of his last pautomimo dress looking down on Cyclops ; Charles Cogill, blacker of faco and bigger of mouth than ever, calling out " Bravo —stead liorse I " Charles Leumnne, having corneas a wandering inim-tiri iu shreds and patches, is hanging out on Enrigti, and speak- ing eloquently to tho nmmul, and II. H. Vincent, enveloped in calls nnd dircctliig business for Menotti, Ho of the knitted brow, the picturesque monctache, and tho glaring noser? who holds wntch and ward at tho stngo door of tlio Royal is tho starter. And does lie not sptnk in an im perions tone to somo of tho jockey?. Down goos tho flag, away thoy scamper— it is n good fair flying start. They— but the picture closed. Then it flashed again to tho weighing-iu enclosure. Tlio race ia over. Whaknwni has wmi ; Elton is being embraced by Miss Banu-tt, who is thore in nil ucr fiscmn paraphernalia. And jast thou tlio sceno opona out and this en closure is entirely occupied by women, and they nro all connected with the stage. Who are those who prominently attract tho eyo ? Ah ! of course— there's Nelly Stewar- as Yum Yumiali, cncostumcd ns you could desire ; Mrs B rough, as the Rtnioly and gay Lady Bellnston ; Isabel Morris eimply bathed in tears ; Esriu Jenyns posing as tho fair Pnrthcum ; Emma Chambers offering Hands Across tlic Sea to tho winning Jockoy ; Lily Dumpier clothed in a mind to play a Slinkespenan part ; EIoiso Juno in tlio gaudy dress beneath which is stamped upon its native heath ; Fanny Liddiard, weighed down by tho cos tume of a former Katishu j Ada Ward, nrrayfd in broken French nnd a stately pre sence ; Lilian Gilinore, smiling witnin Lou- don'x latest walking costume ; and Tilly Lake, loit in iv costume of admiration for her man ager. It was a queer, quaint scene aud no mistake. Aud there ia cheering and there nro con gratulations. Much money passes bands, nnd n conridcrnblo amount of chainpiguu flavors tt;o palate, and . But hold! Thore was a loud thud, a sudden awakening and n feeling of pain as if there had been vigorous contact of a head with a deal floor. That fall rudely interrupted tlic Dramatic Dream. 