PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBILY.: 'lHURSDAY, NOVEMBER 22. ..BY TELEGInI'IHi."] .... (rnor oui OWN REPOvTEn.) S S.YD"EY, Thursday. TnE Speaker took the chair at~the usual hour.: ai' ..... DEAvrSMEN S OLAThiS. In answer to Mr. Barbour, I The COLONIAL SECRnETAnY stated that the claims of draftsmen in the Regis. trar.General's bffico havo' been duly considered. TIHE PROSPECTIN'G VOTE. SIn answer to Dr. Ross, • Mr. AnIGAIL said there are five ;lp. plicati6ns for aid, in the .Molong dis trict from the:!piospecting vote, and 'they will be dealt with as soon.as-the boaaid:conipletes the work it has' iow in hand. THE UNEMPLOYED. L >'; Mr. GARvAN. asked: the .Colonial Secretary : (1) Vhat vote or votes of money have been authorised this year f6r unemplojyed . (2):How mtuch-has ?been paid this year on account of the uneiemplbyed?. . iSir HENn?Y PARxES answered: (1) £80,000. ,(2) £119,4464 ?,lk 3?S.; £'80,000 from vote, and £39,446 11s sd from dvfaic Laccoun?t6i pehding vote on ,supplementary estimates 1888 . , Mr. GanviAN asked the Tireasurer Is there any money to the credit of the unemployed vote? If so, how much ? B a iIMr. Buivus arnswered": The vote-ch the Siupplementary Estimates for this year on account of the unemployed is in. excess of the expenditure up to time. by £7553 8s 9d. Pending passing of vdte, payments are made from advance account. APPOINTMENT OF COLONIAL GOVEnNORS. : Sir HENRY PARKES read a telegram from Sir Thomas M'llwraith, con gratulating Parliament in having passed the resolutions regarding the appointment of colonial Governors. LITTLE BAY HlO5PITAL OIIOST. The COLO?IAL SECRETARY, in answer to'Mr. Melville, said he would cause a searching inquiry to be made re. garding the alleged appearance of the ghost at Little Bay Hospital. THE FINANCIAL -STATEMENT. After tea, Mr. GAnva brought out a number of'other gross misstatements that had been made by Mr. Burns, and proved that they had spent a considerable sum more than they acknowledged, while they had also received over a million of revenue froni the squatters' rents that should- have been paid in 1886. Mr. LYNx followed in a powerful address in which he also scarified Mr. Burns for his misstatements. He clearly proved by figures that the only retronchment that Government had effected had been ac complished by. ceasing to carry out necessary public works. Mr. Lyne then dwelt on the inaccurate state ment of manufacturing statistics that had been made by Mr. Burns, and showed by figures that we are very much worse off than Victoria. In that country there had beeoon an increase of over 4000 hands employed in 1887, whilst in New South Wales the num ber had declined by 14136. Mr. Lyne then challenged a number of the ap pointments made by the Government. MIr. ToNKIN expressed his satis faction with the financial statement, and went into arithmetical details to show that the country was prosperous. Mr. ELLIS also expressed his ap pioval of the budget, but denounced the Treasurer for abandoning the land tax. He also opposed the sug gestion that an income tax should be imposed. He would rather see ad valorem duties in operation; even 25 per cent. would not be protective. Why should not real property be also taxed? The land and the buildings represented the savings of the people. He thought the Trea surer had made the best of his figures; but he saw no dishonesty in passing current liabilities over the next year. Mr. Ellis was pointing out that Mr. Dibbs was once an advocate of a property tax, when Mr. O'SuL?v?a said: He also ino posed a timber tax that stirred a cer tain party up. Mr. ELms: And you helped him. Mr. O'SULLIVAN: It only affected wooden heads. Mr. ELrLS appealed to the chair for protection, and then proceedcdtostate that the Treasuirer could raise £1500 by selling a steam yacht; now in New castle harbour, and on the Nepean. He then proceeded to say that the rail way accounts were not satisfactory. We could not tell how much we lost by our railways. Wre know no more than the man in the moon of these matters. Ho would oppose irrigation workhs unless some charge was made. At the close of Mr. Elllis' speech, Mr. Burns tried to get a division, but IMeesrs. See, Garvan, and others re sisted, and Mr. Burns then consented to the adjournmlent of the debate which took place. PAYMENT 0 MEMIBERS. Mr. OLAnxE then moved the second reading of the Payment of Members Bill, without debate. Sir HENEY P~ARxEs said his opposi tion was in no way altered. The bill's only justification was that it would get better legislation. He thought it would fail in this respect. Mi'. JosEPx. AnnoT'r (Newtown) op posed the bill. The-bill was carried by 24 to 12, and the measure was afterwards put through committee and the third read ing fixed for Tuesday next. NEWCASTLE STREETS BILL. Mr. FLETOIIER desired to proceed with the Newcastle Streets Bill, andl was allowed to do so. The second reading was carried, the bill put through Committee, and the third reading fixed for Tuesday n~ext?. Mr. Ellis was absent when the bill :wa~ :before the House, and, though enquiry was made for him, he could not be found. The House adjourned at 11.50. 