lloveIiit, TIE FALSE Kit"HT: or, THE ROBBER OF THE BLACK FOIREST. -e A STORY OF LO'Y, ?MYSTERY, AND ADYVEiTURtE. BY SYLVAI"US C0BB, Jn. CHAJPTER XI. -Continued ")3iost aOsnredly I will." "Good. I shall give you the opportu nity very soon." lhlen thie priest had gone Sir Pascal mia:nmnned Balthazar, and bade him go and see the baroness, and ask her how soon she 'mild bh prepared to receive him. lIe wished to cofeir with her upon a matter of great importance. Tle dwarf departed, and was gone so hIng that his imaster became uneasy and aiiicius of ceil. He had twice framed the opening speech with which he would ndute her ladyship, and he twice for potten it; and by the time the hunhbanck fealty returned he had forgotten much more. "Weil, rascal What says her august adship ? Have you been making love to the fair daughter ?" "No, your lordship. I wil leave that delectable pastime to you, when--you find her." "a! What does that mean 1" cried tile night, -izi'n the pit'gmy by the collar of his doublet and fiving hlim a shake. " Did you tce the .kronets s?" "No, sir. XIt a door could I open be r?ad the arctway at the entrance to the sie apartments. After I had knocked, ad ickeal., and caltled at as many doors as Ihave fin er, I found a servant, who told ye that s?e had been doing thie same thing f4.r sre tihan an hour ; and the black el werech had the anudacity to spit at me, -nct on me, mark you-and tell me that I adetherslikenie-meaning yourexcellency -had drieon the poor woman to seekmng mafety in death, to which end she had drank "Hark ye, sirrah ! Speak ye now soberly ac to the point, or I'll-I'll cutyour wine for a week. I mean it. Now, tellme what yes found." "I told you as nearly as I know how. I cedt to the chamber of the lady as you bade a; and I tried the doors of all the rooms on that floor, in that wing; and not a door could Istart, nor a word of response to my alls could I hear ; and the girl said she'd bhen an hour trying to raise somebody with aot avail." Twice the etartled knight strode across the romin, and tlheai, seizing his cap, hle went eut-wenet to the fra e of the armorer, and Ohctinsg a h]eavy sledge-a two-headed t5l-sitthi whieh he returned to the keep, heacended to the apartments of tle ladies, hit dwar page bearing him company. In the first pasage on the second floor they met the servant whom Balthazar had ques tioned, and her Sir Pascal told to show him uhich ias the sleeping-chamber of the hbones. The door was pointed out, and asigale blow of ti e heavy sledge beat it The girl rushed in, and presently set up a ratie outcry. Her dear inistresswas dead thel new. That was her bed, out of which the never slept, mnd it had not been touched during the night. Other doors were broken open, and other chambers looked into; but no trace of mo therordaughter could be found. It was rthazar lh,, thought of asking the servant o the ever waited upon the baroness, and he:ad her to dress. " ?'e, that was a part of tiher duty. She tad Gretelen al hays.waited upon the good ? d anld her daughter, and nobody else. ted Gtretchee, to,, was gone. She was dire?tc to ose if the ladies. bai carried aylthitg away with them ; and upon search it waa found that both of them had taken clthing and all their jewelry. in a state of trenzy the knight hastenea ( down, and summoned to his presence all I the officers and soldiers who had been on : guard duty during the night. There weret a full score of them in all. They were questioned sharply, but nothing could be learned-from them. None of them had seen either of the missing females. Each and. every one most solemnly swore that not' a soul had passed him during his watch. "'VWer0. is the, wonder :" suggested Lieutenant Franz, when tile chief had reached thpppoint of declaring that some-:, body had lied. "Do you not know that - these old castles are riddled, through aid : through, with all sorts of secret passages ?" : Simple as was the revelation, Dunwolf: had not thloight of.it.: But hle sawit now, and admitted the probability of its correct ness. - He had just bowed his acknowledgment to Franz when the door of the apartmento was opened, and the two ruflians, Zillern and Walbeck, came in, looking like men who had just seen a veritable ghost, each1 trying to push the other on ahead. ; - ! "How now?" cried the knight, with a new terror before him. "Why- are you here? Speak!-Zounds I'l-" " Mercy, 3Ieinherr " - And it came out, with much stuinbling, that they had gone down to carry their prisoner his breakfast; had found the door of the dungeon bolted and barred and locked, just 'as they had left it; but the place was empty. The' straw had not been laid upon, and two of the candes and. the candlestick had been taken away. This was too much. Sir Pascal was stricken dumb. He gasped and choked,; but for a considerable time was unable to' speak. And when, at length, his powen of. speech canimto him, he was so deeplymoved that chespoke' without an oath; no oathi that he could frame being adequate to the occasion.: "Franzi What do you make of this ?" "It must be, sir, that some of the men of the castle discovered that the captain] had been locked up in that, place, and they;' contrived, during the night, to set him free." "But how could they have got there if, our sentinels were awake ?" "By means of passes of which we are igiorant. If you will reflectyou will call to mind that the subterranean passes ,of thlse old piles always connect with the lower crypts and dungeons." Again the knight was forced to admit the plausibility of his lieutenant's solution; and, having questioned the jailers some what further, he resolved togo down and. investigate for himself. He had brought' with him the sledge with which hoe hIad opened the chamber doors; that lie gave to Zillern, and directed Walbeck to go to the armorer's forge and get anotherjustlike it, and to bring, also, a common hammerof goodly size. . When all was ready, lights were taken and the party set forth. The first point for examination was the dungeon from which I the prisoner had been set free. Was there' any secret pass there?- They hammered and pounded everywhere, but oily the dull, massysound of solid rock was returned. The walls on three sides were absolutely native rock, and, of course, there could be nothing of the kind in the front wall. As for the floor, it was of flags of such size, and so firmly laid, thidt no huinan power, could move them. It. never occurred to them that the floor of a square recess cut from the native ledge ought itself-or, at least, the inner portion of it-to be solid like the walls that arose from it. They might have seen,' too, that the floor of the passage outside, on a level with that of the dungeon, was simply a surface of natural rock. Also, they might have discovered that the floor of thevery next dungeon was of nature's own make. But they saw nothing of this. It was evident that the prisoner had been iet free by somebody from the outside; and as for finding the secret in that maze of cells and crypts and vaulted passages, the thing was not to be thought of. They hmnmered and banged upon a few suspicious-looking places, but in the end returned no wiser than they went. . - . : On reaching daylight again, Sir Pascal thought of mustering the force of the castle -those men who had been under Capt. von Linden's command-and demanding- of them information upon the subject of what he was pleased to term the recent outrage; but Franz quickly argued him away frOm it. Said he, after his chief had given up the objectionable plan: "The prisoneris gone, of course, beyond the'confines of the castle, and I doubt if there is a soul here present who knows where he is. Further, tholadies'are surely witll him; and we may judge, from the fact that no horses have been taken, that they have not gone far.. Now, my-'dear master," continued the trusty 'heichiman, laying the dexter finger of the righti haiid into'tlie palm of the left, as he went on, speaking'slowly and earnestly, .-"our first object is to make ourselves secure. in our position, andnd know who are our friends; Of tlhe five-and-forty men-at-arms whom we found in the garrison here when wo came, thie larger portion of them,are soldiers who have been drawn froni other sources within a' few months. The old knight, whose funeral had.: just taken place when we arrived, had enlisted them by order of the grand duke, after intelligence had been received abf the anticipated- i) irrection. More t half oif those men, to my certain knowledge, are already heart and soul with us; and I have no doubt hat wemight, by proper management, gain very nearly the whole of them. . . 'rLet us first do that, sir; and then let us find Thorbrand. If we do not find him readily, we must find some of his men andl confer with them. Tlhat they are in this neighborhood there can be ino doubt. Meantime we will throw our guards upon i all the avenues of the surrounding forest, to mako su're that the fugitives do not 1 escape us. This is the plan 1 would I suggest." And the chief had resolved to adopt it before Franz had done speaking. Accordingly, after one more thorough search over the castle for the missing ones, Sir Pascal caused the original force of the castle to be mustered on the parade ground, and when they were together, he stated to them-plainly his object.. He- wanted to know.how many of them lie could depend upon to follow him without question ; how many. would take the oath of fealty to hins self.: He.used i?o honeyed words, but lie did this:. He niade them understanid that those who should refuse hisn allcgiaice might look for hairl times ; whilo on the other hind, for those wtho should prove true to him, therewould be thebest of treat ment, and there mighi be considerable booty. The result had not beenloolcedfor. Only ten men of the five-and-forty privates and nine non-cominissioned officers-ten of the whole nimnber-stood firm and true to the old duty; and they, when they saw and understood the situation; bhlieving that, their young captai a!nd thei ladies of the castle had got safely away, asked tlist they might be discharged from the service. They had taken the oath of fealty to the. ba roness, and only she herself could absolhe them., For a .wonder Duniwlf permitted them to go. HT felt that they could do him more harm if they remained than they could in being outside. Aind thus was he completely master of the castle. 'Saving the few house hold servants, Tor whom lie did not care,all I within the walls were his swornssupporters. Before the sun of that day had set he had sent swift couriers out upon all the roads Iupon every path wlhere a woman could make Ier way-and -made sure that no I persons had gone forth since the previous evening. - Also, lie had posted sentinels at tthe various passes, to prevent the out going of.anyone without question. . SDirilngthe evening of that day, .for the first time, he was told of the cot of the old hunter on the opposite mountain -sido. ,Could it be possible that-the fugitives had found shelter and hiding tliere I He would very soon know. SOn theo.next morning, bright anrd early, accompanied by a guide from. the men of the castle, Sir. Pascal and his lieutenaint, with the dwarf page, who had begged hard that Ie might be permitted to go, set forth for the hunter's cot. They reached it.with out adventure worthy of- note, and found the hunter himself standing.in his open doorway. Evidently he lid been on the watch for thenm, having been very sure that they would come. Pascal Dunwolf stood fairly abashed be fore the man he had come to see. He had been prepared to find a rough,- ignorant mountaineer, who would instinctively quail and cower before him; but, instead of that, he gazed upona man noble and grand in forn and featiro-a man who looked 'ipon him as a' monarchl might look upon liis meanest subject. Nei·er mind the details of the interview. -The visitor, as soon as he could present his businees,-stated why lie had -come. He was very auxious concerning the ladies, who were so far under his care that lie felt responsible for their safety- Had the bhunter seen anything of them'? '.Could he 'give any information at all ? - "-Sir," said Oberwald with a stately bow, "I might answer you that I had not seen them-that I knmew nothing of them; but that would presuppose my readiness to be tray them if they were here, or to tell a falsehood. Tlhe lady. Bertha and hers daulghter are my dearfriends,and if I newi where they had-foumd refuge "I certainly should iefuse.fo tell you. O ! do not ldok so glum ! I only dowhlat you would do. if you be a man of lionor.. But, sir; my Iumble abode is before you; no doom arc locked. You can look throuigh it if you will-; also you may search the forest round about. rcertainly hope you may not find them, because I know they would not have left. you without- good anwl sufficient reason." .. The.spurred and belted knight wah for a little time fairly beside 'Ismnself witl-con tending emotions. Once he seemed more than half inclined to draw his sword, and again a torrent of curses'was upon. his lips ready to burst forth; but his better judg ment finally prevailed, and in moderate tones he told the hunter that he should like to view the internal arrangements of his dwelling. Witliout a word Obcrwald admitted him and his lieutenaut. The obtrusive hunch back started to go in, h?ht his master put him back. - Uponeuteringstheliving-rooisitlhe unter'e daughlter was discovered sitting by the great fire-place, and Fr-Ea- who had an eye for a pretty faice started to address her. At that moment up roso the great St. Ber nard, with i groiv like far-off tliundcr, and tse gallant drew badcfleaving the damsel to herself. Every part of thei cot was visited; every hole and corner was peered into; but no thin," was found that looked lika fuigitie baroness,and inc the end the party. of ob servation left the cot no.wiser than they were on their irival. - SSore at heIart, and in deeper troublotlhan he would acknowledgoe, SirPascalDunvolf returned to the castle. Thus far -Ie had beei bafiled at every stop; still lie did not give .up. Fresh riiders were .sent out to scour the foreset, isaid eveory? ?cans he could think of taken to find the missing A.nd now forthe robbierichief. W~hile ie search was oi~in on for the fuotives he m find Thorbrand; nmd with hlim come toans understandilln Why the man had iat ulled upon im he could niiot conceive. He had promised that h. would be very lusnctual. It was onu h th tidrd day fter thie disap pearn-ce of Capt?ailus oa Linden and thie ladies, wilie scout? iwre scourinc in every direction for the iribber c:ieftain, dr. for aiy of. hIis. banid tihat'oneof 'theo famed bandit's followers was:brioulit before him. tie gave his '-:. as Hildegund, and ate he wr- -.e of Thorbrand's chief lieutenanLvI eo had been on his way b to the castle wha the outriders had met hint, and. he waa anxious to find liis master as wva iany one . " More than a hlundred inen of our bnil, ho said, "are: ( oiws eiicamped inl :the Arn besrg alley wvaiting for n aorder from their i chief. Thorbrand left us little more 'thai a woek ago, in' comipany with his' chinIe oficer, young Wolfgang-young he is, hp. but a thuindcrboltin 'battle-they left? . for the express purposeo of comin-g: tlthi very castle to report to yourself. :All is rcidy ith us, and. the barons of Wurtem I bur, are reuady. to move as' .-on,- as theyl knowir that. Dc1kendorf :C stlo. is open to theri in caso of'need. We ihar~ waited till noew foi our chief's return, and when the' full weok bad gone I started out: in questof k him. The last words ho spoke o.before lear- , ing us were spoken to nme.- , " 'ildeund,' lo said, ' I-go to confer with the knight' who has been sent to cons-' maitd Deckendorf Co stle. :Whelin I liav? arranged satisfactorily with imm I will letl you know." -' "He promised that if lhe did not come himscf.hlie would send Wolfgang. !".That, as I I have said, was inore than a week ago, ando from tat time: we a have heard not a wordl, nor hav e w received a sig iL What can itf means ' Dtnivolf was conifounded. Was it pos. sible that Tlhorbrand: had nmdo'ihis ap pearanee at the castle before his, arrival while o'von- Linden was ina command-anldd had the fiery -youth :put him out of the way ? He summonoed two of the assistani warders, who`' had -taken -'the oath of fealiy.to him, and quertioned' thlenclosely. They declared,'unhesitatingly, that it would have beeti impposible for miy -man to. have visited the castle during: the week previotus to Sir Arthur's death witlout either one or the other of them behig witness: After this there was a silence, broken at lenigth by the rubber. " "Ijave you made search.at the co?' o Martin Oberwald ?" - ? "mWhat -the hunter on tlso opposite mountains s" "Thesame."' ' " ot for :Tlorbrlnd but -ihave been theio, and have looked into evcry hole and corner after others." Hildegund shrugged hlisi shoulders signi (icantly. "That in"n, lihe said, " is deeper than1 you think. .If any. one can give us infor mation, it is lie. But we niust be wary. ret us thiik the omatter over, and fix upon a-plan of action. ie has holes and corners at command that yon did not dream of, I'lli be'bound."' Hildegund was of middle age; tall and sinewy, and strong of limsb. He was a handsome man, too, with ' face rcmarkably keen and intelligiet. Tlhat lho wa an ex perienced .forester and mountaineer was, evideit from- the oufset, and, to him Sir1 Pascal tendered the office of guide in thes present emergency. . The brigand readily accepted the positioeiI and straightway proceeded to action, Iisl movements indicating very:plainly that hole knew what lie - was about. Before that' day's sun had seot lie had organized ia force of littleleess than two score mess-all more or less versed in:the miysteries of mountain life-and.,the drielling of Martin Oberwald was coinlletely eivironed; so that no person could enter in or go away without being discoveied. _ CHAPTER XII. IN Tir.m H?TE's COT.: Forty years, or thereabout, previous to the time of which we write, Sir -rthur von Mrorin, then a .aIllant huilter when not in tine field, had -accidentally discovered "a wonderful cavern ."onith side of 'tlo Schwarwolf Mounistain;, or. it twas "ither ai series of caveris, ivwtl a common entrance. Beneath an .overhanging shelf of -rock, completely ,hidden, by tangled wildwood, was a broad alcove; ,iithvili slnichs were three different openings into assaa?iy large :mdconvenient caves. -They were very high', with arched roofs, and vith fissures in the walls anid tops, tlhrougli lwhiclsh air could pass, and light enter, but- proof against the incoming of min. Th?is. secret the klnight had? kept to liiniself, only impiiarting it, after a" tide, to: Baron Declsendorf itntil MIartin Obevswald chanced to come tlat way iix search of a refud;o froni tlihworld. 'He had known and loved M.Ifi'ti i's father, and Iarti himselll had served uideLr him in more tianoe ctao inpsign. . To Martin Oberwald, Sir Arthure im: parted tho secret of thoecave;rnn a tid th; iarovn gave him a deed of thll t side of the IMhl'untain. His iinfant dauglhter Is-md a home at tihe castlo initil h couid:i: c aFi re for her 'i ittit, dwelling of his own. he fancy seized him to erect a'ilstantianl 'stone cottagoe sosituated thlist its rear i~.n.wl should cover the entrnmc e t htih-tii vais; 'and in this coverin" wall, with isis odih~linds,' Esi sisted only by ' conmpetetift bildter ilthom he could trust, lie fied 'i seere dor se ar ranged :that a -child m-n'itt woirk- i?tmi bu which nd strainger coiild discover ."i . . - And heroe tihe reclausOIse hl:ii ed, and reared lis beauitiful child. fTo inoi..than one poor, h?ifnted fugtive, flyingy frons op pression.i and -injustice, had-hq giten safe asylum, aid none to wlio ]mle ha.d thus given iis peecret had betrayedit. -' In one.of these caves the wounded man whom Electra anad Irene had succoured huad beern placed, and there the hunter caed for him.- In all tie land not a better plty sician than was Obervald could have been found,p and under his sl kilful treatment and tender nursing thie patient wis :gaining strength fast.' But very little foever had re sutilted from his hurts, masid that wiars entirely gone. All hie Iund now to do wss to make good blood awl plenty of it. Thast would heal his aowonds,- and give him baick the strength hie had lost I sjI to other two caves, 0nd of them that on the' extreme left-was double. I Opening from it, was a narrow ;beautifully. I arched passage, leading to another chamber ' of good size, but so far into into the moun-! taln that l is light of day could reach it. Yet the air circulated freely through it,and it as very comfortable. TThisdouble cave as' given to the bironess aiid ier daughter and good Gretchlnwhils E rest von Lindehi took the other: Since there was lieo 'ilclihood of the: ib roness coniing in contact with the occupaint of the first-mentioned cave; the hunter :did a not thiink it best to inform her ofi the .pro sence of:tihe dreaded: robber chieftain so near to her; but she was not lon in dis et covering.' it: Tllhat soiime ono was there whom Oberwild was tenderly nur;ing; shel t know on her first visit to the sitting-room 1 ofthlie cottage;. and flinally her diugliter i told heF who it ias. At fiist shi as inais dined to be alarnied, beliien, ais slhe did, that Thorbrand was a friend and co-worker s with her worst :enemy. O ! manuai ' said her daughter, if yos I could see the inanas I saw him, you wouild not fear him.ii And tlien,for the first time, I came out tlie story, new aiid wondeiful to Lady Bertha and Ernest, of the sheroic work of Electrn in saving thl robber's life; for tlhat she had done so was a fact not to be disputed. '"And now,"' said the hunter, vwhien Electra's story hald been sulticiently 'dis cussed, "10 will make a-disclosure which has been.given to me as a trust; but I think that I have a riglit to imarit it to 1 you. This man-Thirlbrand-is so: far from being a friend of Dunwolf, that he will ex-pose and punish him as soon as hlie is strong enough. I tell you my lady,; and von Ernest,in that man rests the solo power to give you ample justice. : He loved the late baron as he never loved another living being. It would be a long story, to tell, and I feel thlat I have not the riglit to tell it: I have nuired him,-and helped hmim on the road to health amid strength, ,as much for your sakes as for his own. So,- dear lady, put away your'fears,' :nd pray, if your conscience will let you, for the speedj recovery of the robber clhief." Both the baroness and v.on Linden were greatly surprised by this information. They had many qilestions to ask, some of which their host iromptly answered, while to others lie only shook his head and closed hiii lips. But the lady put awLay her fears from that moment, and- soon came' to think of the terrible Thorbraind kindly, and with good wishes. Oberwald was not long in discovering thliat his cot was under surveillance, mand before night of the second day of the .ap tpcarance of the spies lh-e had counted a full score of them, and le knew there were snore. }He hiad one secret moroe hiclh, up to the presenttimne, had been given to only two men beside himself. That was a covered 'say-a deep, narrow gorge in.the: moin tain, caused by sonie great convulsion' that na uptscavcaanut rentasunder- completely hidden at both ends.. At the upper ex tromity a porch of the cot covered it ; ind half a mile away, toward the village, at the extreme foot of tihe mountain,it was hidden by. a combinition of broken rociks and tangled vine and Ibrushwood. The second man'to whoi lie linid giver. the secret had been none othlertlan: Wolf gang. When that. man hladl called. to-'see his wounded comrndo,' and had expressed, : desire to feel free to comie when lihe would, Obernald had been 'so wonderfully iuix pressed in lis favor tllat'he had inot only suffered him to depart by the secret passY but had bidden hinm com when he wio ould by the same.way. So the good hunter borrowCed no present trouble on account of this espiomage. , Had it been necessary for Wolfgang to comie up the mountain openly, he would have felt- it his duty to hasten down to the village aind instruct.the iin-lkeeper there to ai?n ln him when he came ; but, as it was,' if lie should chance to visit tho'wounlcd chief agaii, ie could do so safely.' - Four days had passed since the'spies had made their appearance:in the forest; the bariness had boon a full week agucst'of the hunter ; and, thus fir, all -had gone well withlthe indwellers of the cot and its mooin tain chambers., Towards thelo middle of the forenoon. Irene Oberwald sat in the kitchen, having just finislhed a gr?ind baling of pies `and meats, mid while her only servanuthliad n e out to look to the poultr, a-nd lut fof eggs,; she had la~nvd lie'r face and hiinds' fi fresh water, aiid sat dosti 'fo rest. ''IHer father liad taken his gun and gone foith to hunt for gameni- partly tlihat, and .partly to observe` the disposition of thlespies;.who still occupieditlicir: old plaeem inlthe sur roundling.foreat ' -Ieii had noti beei fr away from his dwieling. sinice thed made tlheir appearancf, and li rould not probably go far nolsr - . . . Very seldom did the cophle from tmhe castle leaive their cavern'durin the day.; Tho'hunter iad striven 2 to imp~iss ith upon bem tlm that eyi couldi? bte s-ifo oinlyi'while out ofsigmlt.. There was no telliii atehliit moment the eyes of one of the! numerous spies midghtpoeer iinto the cot.- As for him self, they dared n oi t mino ?liest l im i'ithbout aese. S Sir Pa.sc.il kne; tha-itlie ejoyed a pledge of pe'sohal:: stcurity from botlhi te grand dulo nmid thi emperdr. 'Why those magnates had thiu;s honored.hi hio ddaia not know ; be onily ine? it ivims so.-.r So Irene rsat, in: her hilIsbaclked l c i-ir, her eyes hilf closed, thinnnk? odf isoinethin lthat had ofteri occlpied hlir tliouslts of late, one Inmld reitin, upoln her ?ap,: while the other stole uncogeioously , ui util it pressed her bosomii, wheii shlle ivs aroused from her rev-frie Iby thesound of a fotfall behind her, comiii= from. tlme directioin o the rear of thle coet. Shlo qdickly turned, and staited to lier feet. Her breath c?e and wimt, hirT foi "ross suddeily pile, and tlhen th li t-ich colouer fiiontd to' clihek; aid ciitemple, ithUsh' tie bleli:I f: Ier ,chir for au:m.0'. , ::::,:, i-i'.s.i:d He of whuom she had been thinking, looking handsonmer, she thought; than ever.: his'- clear, honest eyes iing iling uponlir, with a gaze earnest and sincere, stoedd be fore her. "Wolfgan I" she whisjarouf,'1biore she I thought.: r 1. Iamn welcome. In. , sir lrlhowdid ynu comel [saw yon avstery of ? ie secret pe.ass - Why did her heart boundso hiappily at thlt 1, Why did .it?giveoher such ~ uick; thrilling joy to know that her fatnier had so truistd this ian 1 A- ipoor liheart I poor heart! It:I ha become captive, aind she :iiew it.' " She realized :now, if never, be fore;: tlihat ?e;lovcd this tran.':i; And "yet she scarcely knew hiMu. Hoir stranige it ras. ' Howi had it come to pass? But she hlid- io time now: for furtlier ipieculation or pliloiipOphaisiug. .Thlien comen took lier hand as a brother mighit have done; and asaked for, her" fatlher-or, rather, where he lews. Hoedid siot-appeir to be in -a hurry to seie him: She told him that lie haid gone out to shoot sonoe e gamae nid-: She had got so far wihen slie stopped. ., "Ah;' see,'l he said, ', Let us conveme for a feir fioineiats I. want inforniation vlhich fou ca?s givm o." :He pointed hier to .a clir; and then sat nearher; .' N'ow, deai -lady, I inuit to kow wihat is going'oil liere- -As I told .youonce be fore, I will help outr frienlds' if can iand that the ability illbe niine I liave not the leIst:particle of doubt. Trust ie. You will trust ti true heart, be sure.." Her toingue ras: loosened "s lthoughl b the .tenu:h lf ia magiciani's aanid. Shi could no'liaie: felt more confidence, in he beloved fatlter than -she" felt at that mo ment in the :iiin -before hler. 'She asked him of iwhat' she shuiuld toll him.. - S Of everything," lie answered. "' I wanti to know, irhat',Dumnsolf is doing: at th cistle.'" The'n she went on and toldhini thestory. She told first'ofDunwolf's-asrival atthecastle immediately- after the funeral of old Sir Arthur; then- of the adventure of'Ernest von Linden on the road; then of his being entrapped and cast into tlhe dungeon; tlihei of the escape and fligltl;to'the cot; andl finally, of the precautions they lhad been obliged to take on account of the spies that Sir Pascal had posted in the forest. She said her father had counted imore o'tha twenty of them. : It iwould :be impossible to describe the various emotions whieh lhad been malnifest in heir listener during her recitI. '" Ah ' lihe ejaculated, " and this villain thinks ire. will give h im our help : I will help him:! 7But it slall be to-wlfat he little . dreams of: -And: the ladies of the castle ar still her" .: " Yes; yes.'" " Well well, -let tlhem remain for a time longer, but it shall not be for long. We must iawait until our veriy dear friend in yon der.chamber of tlie' mountain ig able to be up aid doing.s 'Hd is the soan" iupon whoii the filual solutioni depiends. We will not call his" lnaime but, lmy dear girl, do, not you think badly of him. -Be surehe is not so ilack -s lh is painted."' a Witli thiseth young man rose quickly fron his chair,-and took two or threo turns to and fro 'across the"roomi: Onces he stoliped near Iroiic, and gazed intohier face. Then he walked-.to andd 'fio once more, and finally, withi sloi and-.thouglt ful step, hie returned to "iisi seat, 'vlicih he moved nearer to the maiden before he sat down. ; "-Irene," he said, '?eak ing with solemn earnestsc:s, '"I wislh you to aliswer me a question-to answer' ~froni your heart. I muld have you "-look your own good ; but, i~3you ctan, girea little thoughlt to mie anod my weal. If you thought-if you be lievedI-- that you could minioif ume a gesi and happy, sitan- - li mia .wo shold lie ol some use to his fellows aiad of vislue to hii country- sotuldr you give yourself; to the work ? Would you .be iilling to place your hand in mine, and go with me to the end 2" His eyes of celestial blue were br-nsimui and beainig with, a light that lwas itifi nitely tender Find true." The quivering maiden' felt. her owin eyes'fill;, her ,boom heaved tumultuiously; and she could- no more lav?o slioken at the manient than she could lha s-flo Hw. Wolfganig too- liher unresisiig handiid; id repeated the question. lHeI spole very softly,i aild with ail earnesticess tlb-t ais of the h"eart. Alittle time ie waited, and thein said: a?y Irene, you o itiiorefurssic; Yn do by inid by, whesi you liia ;aionsailted youi owwihleart and reflecteld nmor deeply give ?,Yea, yes,' she cried and she would have buried lier fface iin hler hiands, but -he gently held thenl flast, -hil'e lhe resenltly -? "I wisl yt'n w:ould tell me th?it I may olipe: I erii, i ! li-ave I ot tol? id yoqu Iholo licautiful ?ou i are, nor hai- eI told yofil ho deely -ai d ardetl3 I lana Ie lerned an this brief time to lor.e 3Ji oI~f ould sId, have Isked you i thila quesion if my. looretlBe depesti pirest d?love mylihe:-ar~ ioank~in h~ild not ?~ie' all: your on. And oiw 'ive inc a siesi, that I niay.l e an hope o happie?, better life than--.I' haive ever yeti .She ?oiked ipi, and mb htis -ardilt s -nd iit wondrous vist fuhiae co?ainuer-ed. A sweet, loving smile abroke'tlr:eii the aigtla erng moisture of her: eloquent:eyes -i sh , , . ,-make you- 0 I-dre- uot-say-better but if it can "ire.you help forsthis comnm . .Teni thousanld blessings for tlat?ord I,' nd hie ?lift?led idi i(.d to lhis-lips,and imi printeid upon it a kiss ielnrd jist isen from tisi east and wia upon the n tlofit f-speal iifurther givher the hunter enteredHtor stitted' oin behold in" the ivisitor ,and a cr, ofsurprise broko Irene arnis .trciiiluiag with an apprelien , sitn she rcouldiioti -lie: si: iti lis(er fith-er r zceis ol te. nih o .- ir',fiid a iiied, IrGi her nii ir t?Usl an suip li :d'g, oftr I,?.i i "uiiicd lose ic ts elf 1 If sluo hid arsng , it l i cto:'lidh snet at aof tli She as -anclug Of i lc-y, aniiierouly, sli d tiidmhis alsv hat sh sai, and. )s ith air exclsnmation of gldIu icss follow= inf lose upo tdhas t of surpise,l her father r grased tevisitor byupo thes hnd, iolding it with isfervedntr ; aid sone lo ?tsaw in his aflyul e an presson of i-tion "Good old Martn, said Wolfgang, after ltvig qouieted thl iiiticrs fupons by ionesform ing him iithat he had conic by Ivai of tlhp secret pass, "your iiaughter, God bless her fori i.. nIel of love aid l fnrt, lias told uen of the exodus of its mistre. . an her fair " daugh liter"ttl As the youing man thus bestoied his heart's blessing upon his fair informant, the hunter Dazed first upon theispsuker and then uhtponisdsute tcrl visii one who atolfed nar rowly iould have s:een an expression oft iid nito joy aind stisfactioi upon his honest . aee. iran siaw it, anod from that niomen he die was cast. The tiwo nici, cJiveerat alittle further, after which .the - houiter cautioned his daughter-to keep the visit of wolfs ng to - herself, tlt'-n tos'. his visitor by tie ar aiid. led liii towars the asylum of the wounded chieftain ; (To be Continued) - St a final examnatioti tlhe professor gve a very diflicult question to onie of the can didates: The nervous pupil remained silent. " ome Iaway my--boy," said the examiier, paternally.; "don't he troubled. Does the question embarras?? you " " It -isn't the. question that bothers me," replied the pupil, " it is the ansIwer 1" : oo--ooo " We hlave a span 0of horses," said an economist the other diay, " on our farm, that suppo t thiemselves without any cost." ' Why hiow, i?ithat ?" excla med a listiner. ' VhIy, un see," rennirked the questioned, one is a saw horse, the other a clothes? horse. . goo-0oo Sterne, lihe us edI is iwife very ill, was talking to Carrick, in exuberance of senti nentality, in priise of conjugal love and fidelity. "The hlsband,'" saidli he, " who behaves unkindly to his" wife, deserves to have his house burned over his head." If you think. so," said Garrick, "I hope your house is insured." 00 0000 " Yes,;' he said ;" I attended.a bull-fight? in Mexico once, and I thoroughly enjoyed it." " I cainot understand how one can enjoy al rital affair of that kind," was thei reply. " othitng brutal about the fight I refer to. " Doi' tyou consider it brutal for a loe of Moxiunms to -wantonly kill a. bull ? " Yes,. but in this case a bullkilled a lot of Mloxicans." " When a young man waltzes," writes a master of the ceremonies to a paper, f'ho will do ivisely to keep his fingers still. No thing aggravates a youni lidy more tihan to imagine you are trying to couot the Whale bones in her dress." S - obo--o-oo A piperlicads an rticle ' How EHatters are poisioned.' But who wants to poison Shatter ' It is the. shoemaker who pro " nises to have your boots done on Saturday night, an d'disappoints you three times,that you want to kill. ood-=ooo " Why .should : red cow give white milk 7" was the subject for discussion in a literary:. society... :After in hour's earnest debate, theo secretary -ivas instructed to milk the cobwi ad to bring in a decision ac cording to the merits of-the milk. It was Aman went into the bushl Inst Suniday for a :wilk. :" e carried his overcoat on his arn, b-ýt siiidg it buideisome hlui? it n a feice:. Taking a ca.i from his pocket. he wrote: "Do not touch: this,.coat; in ected witlid sithsall-pox." Ho came back-k twoi hours lter arid founid the card, upon-. whieb,-as'jirittein uidernmeitli his iarning: . Thiu"kis for the o-at I've Ihad thl smiall ·" i... € . : [,, 00 ... : 000" , i:Are you em"-- g to Qunoiscif this su.. mcr asked aI Melbiourne i ?a to a. f iend, . who is an invalid. :"-OhI, yes?, andi Iam going to bathe tlreoe timies aday," is-as the reply. Di: u iyo ithink it will -;do you any ":oodl------------- Y tletor a haI niut tkcr -I Stioh ? atit-it alit itaLdoes me "od Wo" 1i "rc4di: g, too, this ? sumier. : hats ~just die kt~in: d of invalid I am A 7worthy el f onsern who tlirou ,hliy detestedaes and ta athirers was once called on by a collectot a d ecoid tinid. fo:i.. t haxe ibid .paid bt fof?r siul:i lie Iidi mislaidstls receipt a"id, -is Io tfld tie. story, toufle id cxclietitned :',,Vi.ouhil you bcahe 1 isstrn the felloir b-'si l i,, abuis -nsa I"" Wll" .',V s his frisd ionstrateddusitli hiuui .';,,"And to ishi-i? t eliet "eW i ho?kl" ,it sihiat 000nGCI(r 