BE NOT FALSE, BUT TRUE. BY REV. 0. A. DAVIS, BRADFORD. Brit Peter said, Ananias, why hath Satan fillod thine heart to lio to the Holy Ghost, and to keep back part of thc I prico of tho land ?-Acts v. 3. In the early Church the warm love of the new ! converts broke out in the beautiful extravagance I of a community of good?. Under the influence ¡of that tenderest and strongest of all mutual bonds, the love of Jesus, wealthy Christians I shared their riches with the poor. " Neither was there any among'them that lacked; for as many as we're possessors of lands or houses sold them, ? and brought the prices of the things that were sold and laid them down at the apostle's feet ; and distribution was made unto every man according as ho had need." Tho ¡doctrine of a community of goods ÍB not hero taught as an article of the Christian faith, nor as a part of Christian practice, it was purely the spontaneous outburst of the indwelling spirit of Him who, though He was rich, yet for our sakes became poor that we through His poverty might bo rich. It is not said that no man had any exclusive right in his own property ; but that none of them said that the things ho possessed were his own. This open-hearted scattering of wealth among the needy members of theChuroh waa a spring that bubbled up from the well simply because it was there and could not be kept down. The stream of generosity that plentifully flowed from it made every dry place in the Church ßinef. "The multitude of them that believed were of one heart and of one soul." It waa THE LOVELIEST SIGHT the world ever saw. Such a community of (roods would not work now. Mon are too cool and practical for romantio exhibitions of love. The delicate exotic would be soon nipt by the frosts that prevail to-day even within the Chureh. The principle, howaver, will always reign in proportion to the!warmth and genuineness of the Christian spirit;' and will take the forms of liberality, sympathy, and large- hearted practical succour. The ' sarcasm of James, "If a brother or sister be naked and destitute of daily food, and one of you say unto them; Depart in peace, be ye warmed and filled; notwith- standing ye give them not those things which are needful to the body," will never - be applicable in the true Church of Christ. This cheap windy charity is immeasurably beneath a tmo believer. It is unworthy of him. I cannot understand a mean-hearted Christian. God cannot understand him. "I forgave thee all that debt; Bhouldst not thou have had compassion on thy fellow servant ?" The avaricious spirit of what we call a " ¿ear " man and the liberal beneficence of Jesus aro as wide as the poles asunder. Well ! in thia garden of delight of tho early Church I find ¡ A WEED. ! Tho bountiful men, grown so much like God the great giver, drew to themselves without in- tending it, without being able to prevent it, tho admiring lovo of all. Their reputation of generosity glimmered like a halo around them. and they walked in the Church ns angels of God, They had delivered the poor that cried, tho fatherless, and him that had no holpor. They had caused the widow's heart to sing for joy. What wonder that " when the ear hoard thom it blcBBed them, and when tho oyo saw them it gave witness to thom ; and tho bloseing oE Him that was ready to perish otime upon them." But there wore mean SOUIB that envied thia glory. They were not royal-hearted, but they coveted tho reputation of this regal nature. Thoy were narrow, mean, contracted natures. I think they had become rich by the help of those three brother imps-greed, grind, and grasp : and they laid a plan, to obtain a reputation they BO much desired ©f pnncoly generosity. They wore MAN AND WIPE. I I hear them closeted together in secret talk. ' Says Ananias, " You have heard what Jose3 has done ?" " Yes," answered Sapphira, " he has J sold that property of his in Cyprus and given it all to the Church." "And you see what ho baa got by it?" "Yea/' says the wife, " they call him the son of consolation.' " Wherever he goes they say, There goes tho son of consolation, and people are never weary of telling how many homes his gifts and good words havo cheered. " It ia intolerable," says Ananias, " and do what wo may wo can attract no notice. I tell you what I have been thinking. You know that field of ours. It nevor yiolds much of a crop j and we have a good deal of other property that is plenty to look after. I am thinking we might sell it at as good a price a3 we can get and give the money to the Church. We should be well rid of the field, and the gift of money would bring to U3 some of the consideration that goes to Barnabas. I can't bear to think of that man." " Very good," says the wife, " very good ; but how much do you suppose the land would realise P " Say a thousand shekels." " That is a large sum to give away. Four or five hundred would be quite enough to look well as a gift." " But I Barnabas gave all his land febohed." " What of that," saya the wife, " are you obliged to show Peter the bills ? Uive it in aB the price of the land. We shall have all the reputation and part of the money, and is not that a3 good as the fame without the silver P You may buy even glory too dear." " You always were wiser than 1, my dear," says the husband j and the plan is matured. Now, Satan had been standing behind these ill-fated people and whispering these things into their ears. They might have rejected the sug- gestion, and Satan would have left them ¡ but so well ' THEY LIKED HIS TALE that they opened their hearts to him and he en- tered, turned out every remonstrating thought, every .feeling of compunction, and filled their heart, leaving no room for any other occupant. .J Now, I have to say, that Satan cannot enter a man's heart against his will. As John Bunyan says of the town of Alan-soul, it could not be taken except with the consent of the inhabitants. His plan is to send in a suggestion, which, if well re- ceived, opens an entrance for himself. Satan drops his card into the letter-box, and if the man likes it he openB the door. Peter said to Ananias, " Why hath Satan filled thine heart ?" These words imply blame to the man whose heart Satan fills. Not "misfortune" but "guile" is the term. This is illustrated in Judas Iscariot. In John xiii, we read first these words, " The devil having now put into the heart of Judas Iscariot to betray him;" then later on we read, "After the sop Satan entered into him." The suggestion was thrown in firat, and being entertained tho door was opened for Satan himself. " Then Judas went out, and it was night." Doubly night : sevenfold night: precursor of eternal night. O Judas ! O Ananias ! why has Satan filled your hearts? The .business transaction is completed j the pre- arranged portion of tho proceeds is safely stored away ; and we behold Ananias on his way with the remainder to the Church ; but he and his wife have forgotten that there is a Holy Ghost in the Church ; a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. Peter has not witnessed the tran- saction. Peter knows not of the strong box or the safe. But, O Ananias, hast thou not been taught that all things are naked and opened unto the eyeB bf Him with whom wo have to do P. Hagar, holding in her armB her sared child, solemnly and gratefully said in the wilderness, "Thou God eeest me." The same faot recollected in time might have saved the lives of Ananias and Sapphira. Perhaps tho omniscience of God was as much a deterrent to them as to us : that is to say, perhaps as little a restraint ! Un ! if men knew as much of us as God knows, wo should wish to hide from all men's gaze. A man's eyes cast upon us would crimson us with shame; They would be as burning fire on our sensitive spirit j but we are careless of God knowing. He sees all and it matters not. But this ' DAUING OF THE HOLT GHOST ia no trifle. Brethren, it ia a solemn thing to practise falsehood before Him who is not to bo deceived. Are there no professions unsustained I by inward possession ? Are not our prayers more Christlike than our lives P IB the public life holier than tho private P Aro our gifts unsoiled by bad motive ? Is the face that men see another than.the face that Gpd BOOB? DO we paint before Him that sees both the deceitful show of health and the haggard reality of spiritual disease P Falsehood-whatever is false iu word, profession, appearance-is' abominable . to God. Away with seeming that is other; than tho reality, especially in religious things. Do not lie to the Holy Ghost. I Bee this man on his way to tho church. Peter is there superintending the distribution of the common fund to the poor. The other apostles aro thero aiding in the joyful work. Thc young men arc there to convey to the indigent the Churoh's gifts. Some of the needy themselves aro there, such of them as are able to come for their gratui- ties. It. is the almonry day. ANANIAS entera, and emptying out his money at the apostle's feet, declares it to be tho price of a cer- tain possession he has sold and devotes it to tho poor. The jingle of tho coin is still heard ; all are boboldinjfwith honest admiration theliberalgi vcr. Ananias feels that his cup of admiring looks iefull. His heart swells with pride as he receives the mute I praise. His head is lifted moro erect, UB if to ' reçoive the crown of fame which he ha3 sold tho ! field to buy ; and ho recollects with satisfaction the handsome sum still snugly lying in his coffers, and tho reputation is tho moro wolcomo to him as not having been too dearly purchased. I But all eyed are soon turned from Ananias to ! Peter. Liko a dark cloud overspreading with gloom some smiling scene of summer, tho aspect of tho apostle chilla and freezes up the low murmur of applause that was just breaking forth. Ananias is transfixed with fear as the eyes of the apostle are fastened on him, and hiB conscious guilt mantles hia cheek while Peter-oh ! horri- ble exposure-utters, in the hearing of all preeent, these words:-"Ananias, why hath Satan filled ihino heart to lie to tho Holy Ci hobt, »nd to keep back parb of tho prico of tho land ? Whiloa it remained, was it not thine own ? and after it was sold, wa3 it not in thine own power P why hast thou conceived this thing in thine heart P Thou has not lied unto men, but unto God." The terrible speech began with "Ananiasj" ended with " God." It brought Ananias to I THE BAH. OF GOD. Tho scene ia the church is no longer present. It has faded, from his view. He hears not the chink of the silver. He sees no longer the admiration of the people gradually turning to apprehension. Not even Peter's gaze is fixed on him. Ananias has closed his eyes to all things human. Ho quivers under the glance of God. Eternity is around him. The charge of lying to tho Holy Ghost was a writ of summons to the Divino bar, and all unwilling the solemn call is obeyed. Meanwhile the apo3tle3, the young men, and the widows and needy aro thrilled wifh awful fear as they behold a lifeless body fall to the ground. The report goes abroad and awe stricken beholders como in to see the tragic spec- tacle. ; Tho body lies there. None approach it for a time till, at the apostle's bidding, the young men arose and carried out, not the gift of Ananias to the homes of tho poor, but the body of Ananias to the home of the dead. . . . Unconsciously, carelessly, expecting to see her husband with all his blushing honors thick upon him, three Lours afterwards, SAPPHIRA entera. She is interrogated by Peter i " Toll me whether ye Bold the land for so much?" And she said, " Yea, for so much." Slow mournful footsteps are heard without. The woman notices them not, or thinka them tho slow steps of tho feeble ones coming to return thanks for tho gift. Peter said unto her: "How is it that ye have agreed together to tempt the Spirit of tho Lord ? behold, the feet of them which have buried thy husband are at the door, and shall carry theo out. Then fell she down straightway at his feet and yielded up the ghost; and the young men came in and found her dead, and carrying heir forth, buried her by her husband." The two bodies lie side by side. They were associated in the sin ; they are associated in death. Side by side they lie in the grave. Side by side they stand at the bar ©f (iod. Side by eido they spend their eternity. TEE TERRIFIC PUNISHMENT shows the heinousness of sin within the Church. There it is specially injurious, sapping the very foundations of holy life. And at the commence- ment of the Church Bpecial need existed to arrest a spreading corruption. None can meásure the pernicious influence of this example of hypocrisy had ib;been allowed to become successful. Nadab and Abihu, at the promulgation of the law, were slain for transgression ; Achan, at the entrance to Canaan, was stoned for dallying with the accursëd thing; Ananias and Sapphira become beacons in like manner at the very launching of the Christian Church that ali may be warned where peril lies. What was their sin ? Not the keeping back part of the price. That was entirely at their option'. Thoy neeeded not even to sell their field. They might have kept their land and their lives. No. They lied to the Holy Ghost ! They dared I to palm off a falsehood in the Church ruled hythe ! Holy Ghost ! . THE TR SIN WAS HYPOCRISY, which God loathes. Like Gehazi, they were ex- posed. And the Heartsearcher, whose eyes are as a Same of fire, will in like manner at the last judgment expose all pretenders in the Church. What was tho occasion of their fallP Avarice combined with ostentation. " Do not your alms before men," was a wise precaution. There i3 a temptation in all public virtue. The dizzy height of the pinnaolo of the temple is dangerous footing for weak-headed men. He must be sure-footed who treads in the high places of the Church. Here is the security : " Hold thou me up, and 1 shall bo safe." Place your hand firmly in the grasp of the fa'on of God and you will not fall. The Saviour stands and throws into your hoart His call and His promise. Open the door and receive the Saviour Himself. So will Jesus till your heart and not Satan ; you will respond to the Holy Ghoát, and not lie unto Him ; and, with nothing kept back, but all fully surrendered, .'you will be one with Christ-will never dio, but enter into the fulness of life. i ?? _ . : 