NOVELIST. Out of a Labyrinth. A DETECTIVE STORY. By LAWRENCE L. LYNCH. (ET- DETECTIrVE.) AJTIIOn OP "SIHuDOWED nT TIREE'," "DIMO.XD COTERIE," " THE DRTECTIVPi' DAUOGHTERI," ETC., ETC. tPublihlnd bfy ararn?.?ecset 's?lth ir*ers IVard, Lock &i; Co.] CIIAPTER XXIX. A csrTERe OF TELEGolaIS. The following week was to me one of busy idleoess. Now at the cottage, where Bethel, pain- racked and dcliricus, buffeted between life and death. Now closeted for a half-hour with the new night operater. Keeping an eye upon Dimber Joe, who continued his lounging and novel reading, and who was, to all appearances the idlest and most care free man in Trafton. I saw less of Jim Long than pleased me. For, when he was not bound to the chariot wheel of "Our old woman," he contrived somehow to elude me or to avoid all icte a "ctes. I ecorcely qg";ThP.? exapt in the presence of a third party.. Mr. \Vargeu, or one or two other members of the party who had met me at"J~m Long's cabin, were constantly to be seen about Tral ton. During the day they were carlessly conspicuous; during the night their care lessnoess gave place to caution; but they were none the less present, as would have been proven by an emergency. The new telegraph operator was a host in himself. He was social, talkative, and some thing of a lounger. He found it easy to touch the pulse of Trafton gossip, and knew what they thought at l'orter'a concerning Bathers calamity, Long'a arrest and subsequent releass under bail. eta., without seeming to have made an effort in search of infor mation. The two questions now agitating the minds of the Trafton gossips were, viz.: "Who shot Dr. DBthel, if Jim Long did not ?" and " Where did Jim Long, who had always been considered but one remove from a pauper, get the money to pay so heavy a bail " The theories in regard to these two ques tions were as various as the persons who ad vocated them, and were as startling, artound. fng and absurd as the most diligent sensation hunter could have desired. Jim's gun had beet found in a field less than half a mile distant from Bathel's oot tage, by some workmen who had been sent by 'Squire Brookbouse to repair one of his rarm fences, and I Tearned, with peculiar in torest, that Tsl .Briggs was one of these workmen. Upon hearing this, Dimber Joe had stated that he had seen Jim Long, between the hours of nine and ten p.m., going in the di. rection of the cottage with a gun upon his shoulder. Of course, when making this assertion he had no idea of the use to which it would be put; and, equally, of cooure, ho much re gretted that he had mentioned the fact when .h found himself likely to be need as a wit ness sgainst Long, whom he drelared to be an inoflbseive fellow, so far as he had known him, and toyard whom he, of course, could have no ill.will, In due time, sooner, in fact, than I had dared hope, there seeno a message from Carnes. It came througf the hands of young Harris Carnes, -having sent it early in the day, and knowing into whose hands it would probably fall, had used our cipher alphabet: "4. F d, t,t, o w n-u h e-nn a x--, S--." This is the cipher which, using the figure at the head as the key, will easily be inter preted. "Found. What-net ?" Found! That meant much.. It meant that the end of the Groveland mystery was near at hand. - But there was mouh to learn before we could decide and reply to the query, "What next?" While Harris was absent. for a few moments, during the afternoon, the night . . . +, · ·::', operater rent the followinr to Carnes: " Where found? In what conditioq? What do you advise?" Boforl midnight, this answer came: "In a fourth-rate theatre. One well, the nick. Their friends had better come 'for them at once. Cn you get your hands on Johnnie La Porte? " To this I promptly replied: "Telegra?h particulars to the Agency. Wecan get Lt Po:to, bit must not alarm the, others too soon. State what you want with him. Wyman will come to you, if needed." This message despatched, I dictated an. other to my Cnief. "LAt Wyman act with Carnes. Cannot quit this case at present. C.rnes will wire you particulars." This being sent, I went back to my-hotel and waited. The next day the night operator offered to relieve Harris, an effierwhich was gladly ac. cepted. "A little b??tae nooe the following ioedsge came: "Icnsuelions received. Wyman, Ewing, Rotger and La Porte start tar New Orleans to-morrow. Do you need any help 1" I heaved a sigh of relief and gratification, and sped back the answer. CHAPTER XXX. CAtNva T=LL6 HIS TORPY. The time cam-e when Comea told me the story ol his New Orleans search. As he relat:d it to me then, let him relate it now:- "Arrived in New Orleans without trouble or delay, at three o'clock in the afternoon. R.egiatered at the " Hotel Honore," a small housenear the levees; giving my name as George Adame, sugar dealer, from St. Louis. Then began a hunt among the theatres, and,before reven o'clock had found the place I wanted. "The Little Adiulphi," owned and maingcd-by " Ster;ns and Bcookhouec." It is a emall theatre, but new and neatly fitted up, has a bar attached, r.nd -beer tables on theo-foorof the auditorium. - I made no cfferc to see Brookhouso, but -went back to the "Honore," after learning that money would open the door of the green- room to any patron of the theatre. After supper I refreshed -my memory by a look at the pictures ef the. miseing young ladiee; including that of Micss Amy Holmes, and then I set out for the Little Adelphi. There was never an eacier bit of work than this New Orleans buainoee. The curtain went up on a "Minstrel first part," and there, sitting next to one of the "end men" was rMamie Rutger. Her curly hair was stuck full of roses. She wore a very short pink satin dress and her little feet were conspicuous in white kid slippers. If Miss Heamie were forcibly abducted, she has wasted no time in grieving over it. If she has been in any manner deceived or de luded, she bears it wonderfully well. She sang her ballad with evident enjoy ment, and her voice rang out in the choruses, clear and sweet, Her lips were wreathed in smiles, her cheeks glowed, and her eyes sparkled. Occasionally eha turned her head to whisper to the blacked-up scamp, who sat at her right hand. Altogether she deported herself with the confidence of an old habitue of the stage. Evidently she had made herself popular with Little Adelphi audiences, and certainly she enjoyed her popularity. After the first pert I watched the stage impatiently, it being too early to venture into the green-room. Mamie Riatger did not re-appear, but, after an hour, occupied principally by "burnt cork artists," Miss Lotta La Clair," the song and dance Queen," came tripping from the wings; and Miss Lotta Le Clair, in a blue velvet coat and yellow satin nether garments, was none other than Amy Holmes. She danced very well, and sang very ill; and I fancied that she had tasted too often of the cheap wine dealt out behind the bar. Very soon after her exit, I made my way to the green-room, piloted by the head waiter. I had, of course, got myself up for the occasion, and I looked like a cross between a last year's fashion-plate and a Bowery black leg. It is always easy to make a variety actress talk, and those at the Little Adelphi, proved no exception. Two 6r three bottles of wine opened the way to some knowledge. By chatting promiscuously with several of the Adelphi belleo, I learned that Amy Holmes and IMamie Rutger, who, by the way, was "Rose Desobappelles" on the bills lived together. That, Amy, who was not known at the theatre by that name, was " a hard one," and " old in the business;" while "Rose," was a soft little prig who " wore her lover's picture in a locket," and was " as true to him as steel." The girls all united in voting Amy disagreeable, in spite of her superior wisdom; and Mamie, "a real nice, jolly little thing," spite of her ver daney. The fair Amy was then approached, and my real work began. I ordered, in her honor, an extra brand of wine. I flattered her; i talked freely of my wealth, and dis. played my money recklesEly. I became half intoxicated in her society, and, through it all, bemoaned the fact that I could not offer for her quoflieg; the epatkling champagne that was the only fitting drink for sush a god dess. The Adelphi champagno ten detestable stuff, and Miss Amy was crrno?wiecr enough to know it. She frankly confessed her fond noee for good champagne, and could tell me just where it was to be found. The rest came as a matter of course. I proposed to give her a champagne Euppper, she aecepted, and the programme was speedily arranged. At eleven o'clock the next day, shea would meet-me at a convenient little restaurant near the theatre. I must come with a car ringe. We would have a drive, and, just aoutside the city, would come upon Louis Ieoniu's cafe. There we would find fine, lu·cious fruits, rare wines, everything choice and dainty. Mins Amy, who seemed to possess all the luxurious tastes of a native creole, arranged the programme. and we parted at the green room door, mutually satisfied. She antici. pated a gala day, and I, seeing before me the dissagreeablc necessity of spoiling her frolio and depriving the Little Adelphi, for a time at east, of one of its airesot attractions. The course which I had resolved topursue, was not the one most to my taste; but it was the simplest, shortest and would accord best with the inetructions given me, viz., that no arrests musnt be made, noranything done to arouse the euspOioions of FredBrook house, and cause him to give the alarm to his confedoaltea in the North. I had purposely held aloof from Mamie Rltger, feeling convinced that it wero .best not to approach cer until a definite course of action had bern decided upon. Nor was I- entirely certain that my chemeKwould eucceed ; if. Amy Holmes should prove e ·' . . , . . I ?de wiser, shrewder and more coursgeonS, and a trifle less selfish and avaricious than I had judged her to be, my plans might fail signally, and, in that case, the girl might work me much mischief. I weighed the poesibilities thoughtflly, and resolved to risk the chances. Accordingly, on the morning after my visit to the Little Adelphi, I sent my firet telegram, and made other arrangements for putting my scheme into execution. The beginning of the programme was carried out, as planned by the young lady. We drove to the safe kept by Kouis Menlo, and tested his champagne, after which I be. gan to execute my plans. "Louis Meniu might be all very well," I said, "but 'here was no man in New Orleans, so I had often been told by Northern travel loere, who coild serve such a dinner as did the cef, at the P-Hotel. Should we drive to thia house and there eat the best dinner to be served in the city ? " The prospect of dining at a swell hotel pleased the young lady. She gave an instant consent to the plan, and we turned back to the city and the P---Hotel. Hero we were installcd in a handsome private parlor, and, after I had paused a few moments in the ,lfies, dozing which time I registered: "CiGo. Adams and sister, S . Louis, I closed the door upon servants and intrderes, and the engagement com menced. Having first looked the parlour door, and put the key in my pocket, I approached Miss Amy, who stood before a mirror, carefully arranging a yellow rose in her black frisettee; I dropped my swaggering, half- maudlin, wholly-admiring tone and manner, and said quietly: " "Now, Mios Amy Holmes, if you will sit down opposite at me, we will talk things over quietly." She started violently, and turned towards me with a stare of surprise, in whiceh, how ever, I could observe no fear. The name bad caused her astonishment. I had been care ful to address her by her stage name, or -rather the one she chose to use at the theatre. I hardly suppose her real name to be Holmes, probably it is Smith or Jones in stead. She let the hand holding the rose drop at her side, but did not loosen her grasp of the flower. "Look here," she exclaimed sharply. "Where did you pick up that name; and what Itind of a game are you giving me, any howl" After the surprise occasioned by the utter ance of her discarded name, my altered tone and' manner had next impressed her. "I got the name where I got several others, Miss Amy, and the game I am playing is one that is bound to win." She sat down upon the nearest chair, and stared mutely. "How would you like to go back to Amora, Miss Holmes ? Or to Groveland and the widow Ballou's?" She sprang up with her eyes flashing, and made a sudden dash for the door, Of course it resisted her effort to open it. " Open that door," she said, turning upon me a lookof angrydefinance "You areeither a fool or a meddler. Open the door." I laid one hand somewhat heavily upon her shoulder, and led her bach to the seat she had just vacated. "Possibly I may be both fool and meddler," I replied, in a tone so stern that it seemed to arrest her attention, and impress her with the fact that I was neither trifling nor to be trifled with. "lBt I am something else, and I know more of you, my young lady, and of your past career than you would care to have me know. Perhaps you may never have heard of Michael Carnes, the detective, bat their are other's who have made his acquaintance." Now all this was random firing, but I acted on the knowledge that nine-tenths of the women who are professional adventurerP, hive in their past something either criminal or disgraceful to conceal, and on the possi bility that Mies Amy Holmes might not be long to the exceptional few. The shot told. I saw it in the sudden blaching of her cheek, in the startled look that meet mine for just an instant. If there were nothing else to conceal, I think she would have defied me and flouted at my efforts to extracts imformation onthe subject of the Groveland mystery. Bit I had touegied at a more vulnerable point. If I could now convince her that I knew her past career, the rest would be easy. It was a delicate undertaking. I might say too much or too little, but I must press the. advantage I had gained. Her attention was secured. Her curiosity was aroused. There was a shade of anxiety on her face. Drawing a chair opposite her, and seat ing myself therein, I fixed my eyes upon her face, and addressed her in a tone half stern, half confidential: "You are a plucky girl, I began, "and I admire you for that; and when I tell you that I have followed you, or tracked you from the North, through Amora, through Groveland, down to the Little Adelphi, you will perhaps coejscturethat I do not intend to be balked or evaded, even by so smart a little lady as you have proved yourself. I bear you no personal ill will, and I much dislike to per secute a woman even when she had been guilty of--." I paused, she made a restless movement, and a look of pain flitted across her face. "Perhaps we may bs able to avoid de tails," I said, slowly. "I will let you decide that." "Howe?" with a gasp of relief or surprise, I could hardly guess which. "Listen. Some time ago two girls disap peared froin a little northern community, and I was one of the detectives employed to find them. I need not go into details, since you know so much about the case. In the course of the investigation, we inquired pretty closely into the character of the company kept by these two young ladies, and learned that a Miss Amy Holmes had been a school. mate of the missing girls .. "Afterward, this same Amy Holmes and a Mius Grace Ballou, made an attempt to Cacapa from the Ballou farm house. The schemo was in part frustrated, hut Amy Holmes .scaped. Mrs. Ballon furnished us with a photo of Miss Amy IHolmes, and when I saw it Ikokero it." " AhI" This time it was an interjection of unmistakealbe terror. It gave me my cun. "I knew it for the piclture of a young woman who had-committed-a crime. The face was that of a young woman who would ha wellreceived at police head-quarters, and I said to myself I will Coto find this young lady who calls herself Amy Holmes." A look of sullen resolution was settling upon her face. She eat b0fore me with her eyes fixed upon the carpet and herlips tightly closed. "I have found her," I Continued, merci 1eesly. "And now-shall I take yonu back with me, a prisoner, and hand you. over to the oflicors of the law, or will yeon answer truthfully such questions as I shall put to you, and go away from this house a free womanl" - She swas so absorbed by her own terror, or so overshadowed by some ghost of the past, that she seemed to take no note of my nterest in the Groveland business,?eept as it had been an incidental aid in hunting her down. "Do you think I would trust youl" she said, with a last effort at defiance. "You want me to testify against myself." "You mistake. Or you do not under stand. I am at present working in the in terest of the Groveluand case, My diso?0lg . . .o:·-i: of you was an accident, and my knowledge concerning you I am using as a means to ward the elucidation of the mystery surround ing the movements of amie Ilutger Ecnd Nellio Ewing. .. " Mrmie Iiftger I i`Wi lalt night at the Little Adolphi, Nellie Ewing is no doubt within reach. 1might find them both with out your assistance. It'would only require a little more time and a little more trouble; but time just now is precious. I have other business whicli demands my attention at the. North. Therefore I say, tell me all that you know concerning these two girla-all, mind. If you omit one necessary detail, if you fabri cate in one particular, I shall know. it. Answer'all my questions truthfully. I shall only ask ouch as concern your knowledge or connection with this Groveland affair. If you do this, you have nothing to fear from me. If you refuse-you are my prisoner. You comprehend me 1" She eyed me coeptiiealy. " How do I know that you will let me go, alter all?" she said. ' You have my promise, and 1 am a man of my word. You are a woman and I don't want to arreet you. If you were a man I should not offer you a chance for escape. Do as I wish and you are free, and if you need esistanca you shall have it. You must choose at once; time presses." She hesitated a momcnt, and then said : "I may as well tllyouaabout the?girls; as you seem to know so much and-I can't be arrested for that." ' "Very well I Tell your story, then, truly and without emissions." To bo Co?titerld, 