ROY'S REPENTANCE. A NOVEL. Bt Adeline Skeoeant, Author of "Jacohi's "Wife," "Under False Pretences," "No Saint," &c.;, &c.; [Art Rights Reserved.] PART FIRST. SOY JOSCELYN'S MISTAKE. CstPTEB III.—A SlEASQH WePPIXO. Roy Joscklyn did did not pretermit his visits to the farm. Ho came back day after day, like one fascinated; he sat patiently by Mr. Carew's bedside, he exchanged a few words now and then with the beautiful girl who flitted in and out of the sick roan's room; and and with this "frugal cheer" his love was well content. Had he been less in love he might hare found something to criticise in Miss Carew'a demeanour. She was not a good nurse; she was careless, forgetful, even im patient ; more than once she looked positively sullen, and kept an angry silence when Hoy spoke to her. He saw only anxiety for the for the guardian (if so Mr. Carew might be called) and timidity or reserve towards himself, in this behaviour; and yet perhaps he was not blinder than, in the circumstances, the gene rality of men would be. During this period it seemed to him, too, that Dir. Carew watched him and watched her with a curious intentness, in which there was most assuredly a covert sneer. Was he jeering inwardly at the young man's reverent love? Was he secretly gibing at Rosamond for having given her affection to another ? Whatever it might proceed from that half-concealed satire in his eye became at last almost unbearable to Boy Joscelyn. He sometimes felt a thrill of I positive aversion, for whiih he could not j account, when ho caught the old man's eye. j The slighting glance, the flickering smile, the word of half-contemptuous fondness, bestowed from time to timo upon the girl that Joscelyn loved, irritated the lover to an unimaginable degree. And yet there was nothing which could have justified a remonstrance from him. Mr. Carew had surely a right to treat his adopted daughter" as he choBe. Matters went on in this way for upwards of a week. Mr Carew became slowly, but steadily I weaker. A physician was brought from the i nearest great town to his bedside, at Hoy's | expense; but the physician could do nothing. And whether or no Rosamond was cognisant of his danger, Hoy could not tell. The young man almost took up Ms residence at the farm house. His tutor remonstrated in vain. Neil and Godfrey kept out of the way; Godfrey with a guilty and uncomfortable look upon his | face when Joscelyn drew near, Neil with an expression that partook of fear. Hoy took no notice of either of them. The boys had heard nothing from Sir Kenrick. Whether he had treated Neil's communication (if indeed it had been made) with silent contempt, or whether he had written to Hoy, they could not find out. Neil fumed at the delay. Meanwhile a stranger had arrived in the village, and taken up Ms abode at the inn. He was a tall, fair, good-looking man, who did not give his name, and passed most of Ms time out of-doors. What he did with himself no one seemed to know. Boy met him once or twice on the road, and was struck by his semi military air. He mentioned the stranger casually to Mr. Carew that evening, while Hose was in the room. He was amazed at the eff-.set produced by his remark. "What!" said Mr. Carew, starting np and growing suddenly livid—was it from rage, or fear, or pain? " What! Here in the village ?—here at the inn? Bo3e!" "Is it some one you know?" asked Roy, turning to the girl. She in her turn had changed colour; she grew crimson first and then a?hy-wMte, and fixed her eyes on Mr. Carew with an expression wMch was certainly | one of fear. Hoy felt a sudden pang. " You I have a rivaL" Those had been Mr. Carew's words to him. Was this tall, fair man the rival, and had he come to Folstoke in search of Rose? "No, no," she stammered, rising and ap approaching Mr. Carew with a pleading look, "you are mistaken; indeed you are. It is nobody we know. I have—I have—seen the man; it is not—it is not—" "Not Frazer?" said Sir. Carew, sharply, hut sinking hack upon his pi'lows, with a re lieved look. 1*You are sure of it ?'' " Quite sure. This man is a stranger." You had better take care," said the sick man, gasping a little as the effect of his exer tions made itself felt, "Don't deceive me— I i again." His voice became more and more feeble; his face took on anushier tint. "If yon deceive me," he faltered, almost inaudibly, though with some fierceness of accent that took Joscelyn by misprise. " I—I—I'll kill you." And then his head fell back, his eyelids dropped; he had fallen intoadeath-likeswoon, I from which he was not easily recovered. 1 Hoy took his leave later in the evening in rather a disturbed state of mind. He had bad no word of explanation either from Carew or from Rosamond; and she seemed obstinately determined not to meet his eye or to exchange other than common-place remarks with him. ; Of course he had no right to ask for an explana tion ; but he felt within himself so keen a craving for one that it was hard for him to keep silence. He strolled about the lanes and fields in the vicinity of the farm-house, without mastering his anxiety and Ms wretchedness in the least. About 1L o'clock at night he found himself once more near the form buildings—bo near, indeed, that he could see two figures at the garden gate, without himself being seen. Two figures! Whose wero they ? Roy could see them distinctly; there was a tall, fair roan —the stranger whom he had passed that after noon upon the country road—and a woman. Hoy looked—looked again, and stood as if turned to stone. Then he turned round and made his way back to the village at a good round pace, but with a pulse beating like a sledge hammer in Ms temples. He even felt a little dizzy now and then; he hardly knew whither ho weut or what ho wanted to do. All that he thought of woe the only terriblo fact1— that he hod seen Rosamond Carew sobbing her heart out, apparently, upon tiio shoulder of the man whom that afternoon she had said she was sure that she did no? know. He passed an anxious and troubled night, alter nating between '.he desire to denounce Rojo for herperfiiy, or to beg ber to confide in liim and trust him like a brother. Towards morning he slept, and did not come dowiutairs until the other members of the vicar's family had finished breakfast. His meal had l>een kept hot for him—he was treated with especial favour by Mrs. Profeit, and the only occupant of the room was Neil, who was lounging in a window 6eat, with a hook in his hand. A letter lay beside Roy's plate. He took it up and lookod at it with attention. The address was in Sir Kenriok'a handwriting; the envelope was fastened by an enormous seal of red wax, bear ing the impress of Sir Kenriek's coat-of-arms. Roy smilea a little at its appearance; there was an almost official character about that great red seal. Then he opened the letter—and Neil, raeanwhle, watched him furtively from behind the shelter of his book. i He had not, perhaps, all the satisfaction that he expected; but he certainly had a modicum : of it. Roy's face grew hot, then cold and j white; he crushed the letter in his hand, and j threw it down with an ejaculation which ; greatly shocked the trim parlour-maid, who was just entering the room with hot coffee and j kidneys. After standing a minute or two in apparent anger and perplexity he caught up the letter again, and rushed out of the room. Whereon Master Neil put down his hook and rubbed his hands gleefully together with jey. Joscelyn had some causs for disturbance. Sir Kenrick bad heard—he did not say how—a rumour to the effect that his nepnew was paying attention to a young person in the village—a young person whose character and ! antecedents were such as to render her a very unsuitable match for Roy Joscelyn. Sir Kenrick had made a good many, inquiries respecting this girl and her guardian, Carew, ana the results justified him in warning his nephew against them, and in requesting Roy to return home immediately. Roy resented the tone of the letter. Sir Kenrick treated both him and the subject most contemptuously. The references to the Carews irritated Joscelyn the more because he | scarcely knew how to repel them. It was ; possible that Mr. Carew was anything hut a Hoy's hand went up to Ms hat. creditable character—bat then Hose was per fection—Roie, who loved another man, and could steal out at night to meet him, evidently against the wishes of one who ought to have been able to claim her obedience. Boy winced at the remembrance of that sight and also at the thought of certain words which Mr. Carew had said to him. He felt that he must do or Bay something definite, and yet he knew not what. Ho Btrode away over the hills; angry, hurt, perplexed, wondering how Sir Ken rick knew anything of the Carows, and whether Mr. Carew would be mortally offended if he knew of Sir Kcnrick's letter. He did not get back from his expedition until late in the afternoon, and then, feeling ashamed of his wild mood, he went to the Vicarage, changed his clotheB, ate some food, and about G o'clock set off onco more for the old farm house. Halfway there, he almost changed his mind, and tamed back. For, before him, advancing to meet him, as if he, too, bad been to see pretty Rosamond Carew, came the stal wart figure of the fair-haired stranger whom Roy conceived to he his rival. After a mo ment's hesitation, however, Roy went on. The two men looked at each other steadily as they met, with the attention that two wrestlers, about to meet in mortal combat, might give to each other's mighty thews and sinews; they were forced into the position of deadly enemies almost against their will, and they wished to gauge their own and their op ponent's respective strength. Moved by some sudden impulse which might bo called quixotic, Roy's hand went up to bis hat; ho lifted it with the courtesy of a combatant before the strife. The stranger was not stirred by the same emotion. He did, indeed, slightly re turn the salute, which had been given by poor Roy with boyish elaborateness and .solemnity; but he also stared and sneered as if. he despised his adversary, and thought ;him moro than half out of his senses. Roy flushed with annoy ance as ho passed on; ho wished that he had not exposed himself to the scorn of the man who was Rosamond's lover. The farm house door was opened by tho farmer's wife, whoso grave face mode him in quire eagerly after her lodger's state. "Mr. Carew was much worse," Baid.the good woman. " He had been very uneasy, all day, and kept sending out to seo if Mr. Joscelyn was not coming. The young lady, too, was in great trouble; and would Mr. Joseelyn go np to Mr. Carew's room at oncer" Joscelyn went upstairs and knocked at the sick man's door. It was opened almost im mediately, and Rose stood before him—but how - changed from the brilliant, smiling Rosa he . know! The girl's face was white, her eyes were red and swollen; her throat seemed to be •• • trembling with hnlf- suppressed sobs to whioh . V. she daro not give vent. Roy involuntarily put out both his hands. • " Rose!" ho said. "Rose, my darling!"'-! ' He had never called her so before. He did not' know how she might rebuke him for his .?'• audacity, and as soon as the word was Bpoken .r . he trembled at his slip of the tongue. But -i she made no intelligible response. . With some thing that was half a sob. and half a cry she escaped from the touch of his hands, andrnshed past him down the crooked stairway of theold fasbioned house. Roy looked after her with a . sharp, momentary pang. Was she going to meet ! her lover, or was she simply trying to get away - from him ? He sighed as be went into the be£ -- room, and sbut tbe door. As soon as he looked at Mr. Carew he saw that there had been what sick-nurses call "a'■ ■■ change." The man was sitting up in bed, sup- ^ ported by pillows there was even an air of ■ unusual energy in his posture. But his features - - were sunken; there was a pinched, white look about his nose and a haggard hollowness of the ::: < eye-sockcts, which told their own tale to anex- - perienccd watcher. It was plain that Mr. ' " Carew was not long for this decidedly un- -- satisfactory world. .... He did not at first speak when Roy ap proached his bedside, but looked at him keenly - from out of his hollow eyes, and held np one 1 - long, wasted finger as If to cheok the words upon his lips. Roy waited, aghast. Was the man out of his mind that he- should act m oddly? The words that he spoke did not tend . to resolve that doubt. "Listen," said Mr. Carew, in a high, • gasping voice, which hod a strange and un natural sound to Roy's ear, "listen. I have : ; something to say. I withdraw my opposition. - ■ If you wish—to marry Rosamond—I have no . objection to make. I should like—I should''' like—to see her your wife before I die." c Roy Btarted. This was not what he had expected to hear. He was conscious of a ■ curious sensation—something like an electric thrill—a shock that was not painfnl and yet-• had painful elements. A vision of Rose'spale,' tear-swollen face flashed through his brain: Some of the sentences in Sir Kenrick's - . letter darted across his mind. And - yet there was no appreciable pause before he answered steadily—. ' T •' f "I shall be the happiest olmenonv'' the day when Hose becomes my wife. •But will she consent ?"■ ■ : :! Mr. Carew looked at him for a moment, with the fixed, smiling gaze' > which Boy had already found eo . offensive, and then answered briefly—. ; • '• • •" She has consented." ' ••••£*;•«; • "May I go to her?. May:t see' her f" cried Boy. His pulses weriV: "J") up to fever-height already. "Presently—presently." Theold man's voice was growing feeble, arid''-',;i he gasped for breath as he went on.' "'•' " I want to see her settled—andr • happy—before I die. Can that be" done?" , i .-*•• "If she will consent, it shall be ; done. I will get a' special' lioense; !T': and before the end of fteweek'-^-"^4*'; " Bless yon, my dear boy."- Mr. ■ Carew extended .his long: white"'r fingers, and pressed Boy's rather' J: "■ unwilling hand. " Yon will make me " ; die happy. Iam not so heartless as ■ you thought me. I do care, yon see,! ' for my Boss's future. And now you' will ring the bell sharply—twice.' ' '' — u- —i I i ^ Boy did as he was desired—quietly enough, " 1 • in spite of his inner excitement. It seemed to* rt} ' * him as though the earth was reeling beneath 7 his feet, as though the scenes before his eyes-';• danced in a bewildering mist. There was an *•! intense, exhilarating sense of defiance of the '*"-'1 world, of heroic mastery over his own life. No reminder of the risk that he ran in disobeying ' 'X Sir Kenrick's express commands, of the danger " -> to his prospects and the downfall of his friends' -v7" 7; hopes, would at that moment have had any - effect upon him. "The world," he would hare said, " were indeed well lost for love." • .ssi*:: ^ The door opened to admit Rosamond Carew. 7- ' • She was pale, but she looked calm and 'self-',;'" Vti possessed. Her eyes had been bathed, her hair * ••• smoothed; she had even added a flower to her • adornment, as if to show that she considered' tho moment an auspicious oue. Boy was in ''V* •• some respects a fastidious man: he was not - sure, in spite of his love-madness, whetherhe - liked that flower. When Mr. Carew was lying •' at the point of death, did it argue good feeling ! —or at least good taste—in his "adopted" •; daughter " to bedeck herself with flowers. ly ' ; 7* 7 But the suggestion passed as quickly as it came, and he reproached himself for his cold- / beartedness. Yet ho did not like that flower— a delicate, hot-house blossom, too—as rare aait . was costly! Where on earth had Rose got it? . Ho was recalled from these fancies to plainfaot ' by the sound of Mr. Carew's weak voice. " Rose, my dear," he said, " I have spoken " . j to Mr. Joscelyn, and told him that I withdraw" 7. [ \i any opposition that I have made to his wishes andyoura 1" • ^ Was there a sneer in his voice ? Joscelyn '■ •"; could not bo sure, and did not care. Ho put*. -7 . out his hand and drew Rose towards him. He . \ f noticed that her fingers were very cold, and that . •>., she did not return his kiss. Indeed, there was *• ■' ■ , a sullen expression about her lips, a sombre . T . *. light in her beautiful eyes, whioh might hare: repelled a less ardent lover or a wiser man. In an hour Joscelyn was off to London. He wanted to lay hands on a sum of money which stood to his credit in a London bank, to get possession of some family jewels which'he meant Rose to wear, and to procure a license for the marriage. It took him two days to ac complish these objects, and when, on tho third '• ^ day, he returned, he was almost prepared to " hear that Mr Carew's life had alreadyebbed away. But such had not been the case. Carew was living, though most of his tine TOI (pent in a sort of stupor of exhaustion. Boy's arrival seemed to arouse him. He looked satisfied, and whispered his request that the marriage should take plice at once. 'The special license did away with all difficulties about time and plaoe, and Roy Very willingly agreed that the ceremony should be arranged for that very evening. It was then—only then—that Rosamond demurred. " This evening—oh, no! wait, wait!" Bho said/drawing hack. My darling, why should we waitf" asked Roy, reading an adorable tenderness towards her guardian in this desire for delay. But the girl only cast a frightened, agitated, ' glance toward Mr. Garew's pallid face, which was turned towards her with the ghost of its old jeering smile. " Yea, why should you wait f" he said. " I shall not trouble you long. This evening, Roy. I should like to witness the ceremony." It was a strange wedding. A clergyman from a neighbouring parish had been asked to officiate, as Roy knew that it was cruel to ex pect Mr. Profeit to do so That poor gentle manias already in the direst plight of alarm ... and anxiety; he had had letters from Sir Henriok (confined to his bed by an attack of ' gout) ana from: Mrs. Beemand, in plenty ; he had called at the farm, he had expostulated .' with Mr. Care'w, with Roy, with Rose herself, and all to no effect. And so tho Rev. James Niool, from the next village, came at 6 o'clock that evening, and joined the hands and heard . the vows of Roy Joscelyn and Rosamond Care w. The old man lay and listened to the solemn words of the marriage-service with a sort of mocking interest. When it was over, he called ' . Rosamond to his side. " Come and kiss me, my dear," he said. "I wish you happiness. I have certainly done my ntmost to secure it. Your vows had a pretty ring about them; ' Lore, honour, and obey' —were not those the words? Look to it that you keep your promises"' . And Joscelyn, glancing at his wife's beauti ful face.' saw that it was as white as snow. 