Xhe Rev. Mr. MademucK-of. His Early History. BY E. N. I. P. [CONTINUED.] CuitTAiNr.Y out rov. friond gave every proot of his fulolity, for boyond a Iittlo extra laudation of woman, lovoly woman, when ho delivered those beautiful sermons of his, ho was prudo enough novor to givo the gossips o ghost of a ehanco to talk. It wftB the forward conduct of tho young ladioB at the bottom of it all, as tho brightly-worked slippers, caps, Ao., wlii0)1 roposed in a certain drawor in the rov. gentleman's houso testified. As tho little Bethel on tho side of tho hill needed no altar cloths, monograms, altar hassocks, rosplendcntly-embroiderod cushions, &o; , tho fair workers were obliged to woik off their passions on articles for tho parson himself. Thoy woro rnoro severely handicappod than tho ritualistic maiden who can embroider altar cloths until furthor orders without being suspoeted of any designs ; but in proportion to tho laok of chances, they manufactured some, and wore quito callous as to their propriety or delicacy. Now all this seoms a gross imputation on tho Bpinsters of N , and of courso peoplo who havo little ponetration and much good naturo will voto it an exaggeration, but I loavo it to others more worldly, moro wide-awako, and less optimistic, to endorse what I havo written, not perhaps in tho individual caso whioh is really a life picture, but in others that must have come undor their notice in tho ordinary oourse of evonts. Well, tho timo came for tho Rev. Mr. Made-much- of to disappear from tho ranks of batcheiorhood for over. Ouo fine day ho departed, and bore away with him the last faint trace of hope. I have said boforo that this young minister possessed ingratiating manners, and it was doubtless owing to this fact that, despite tho disappointment befovo mentioned, ho carried with him tho nnitod good wishes of his parishoners. And while tho Rov. Mr. Made-much-of is undertaking tho trying ccromony of matrimony, and the joys of a honeymoon, we will, with tho reader's kind permission, step into tho homos of some of the leading members, and seo how they aro disposed to roceivo tho minister's now wife. Perhaps the most important man in tho whole connection, not on account of his wealth or social standing, but becauso ho was vory enthusiastic, and very hard working, was Mr. Roumlaeai. This individual was extremely narrow in his views, which, by tho way, is a phrase vory much in use now-a-days for describing anyono who holds views at ail. When wo hoar folks admiring a man because of tho breadth of his ideas, we may bo pietty well sure that they havo a very shalowy boundary indeed, not that I cannot help pleading to a weakness of breadth. Oliver Wendell Holmes draws a vory oileotivo picture of the narrow and broad oliurch, when ho says—" Hie narrow church may bo seen in tho ship boats of humanity, in tho longboat, in tho jolly-boat, in the Captain's gig, lying off the poor old vessel, thanking God that thoy are safe, and reckoning how soon tho hulk containing the mass of thoir fellow-croaturos will go down. Tho broad church is on board working ha^d .at the pumps, and very slow to believe that tho ship will bo swallowed up with so many poor peoplo in it, fastened down under tho hatches over since it floated." But this is ft digression. Prom its gist, however, you can picture Mr. Roundhead filling up a precious bit of space in tho jolly- boat, animated with a profound contempt for those working at the pump. Well this astuto gentleman was a pillar in his Iittlo Bethel, Ho dared to bring tho minister to task if ho doteotod anything horotical in his discourses ; he frequently alluded to the claims people had upon a man's tonguo when they paid him to keep it wagging; lie was deeply offended if the minister missed popping in once a weok ; and was very careful to keep a montal debit and credit account of the supposed slights to himself and favours to others which his unfortunate spiritual chief bestowed. Little wonder therefore, that when tho proposed marriage was first mooted, the flock murmured. What does Mr. Roundhead say? As a matter of fact Mr. Roundhead said a good deal. Ho Was not opposed to a liiftft muting, provided ho brought homo ti sensible, gyiritiift'-miudcci woman, earnest in the cause, sober in her dreos, and solemn in her aspect; but ho didn't want any of those highhanded, proud-spoken dames, that thought they were born different to other folk, or them gigging school-girls who never seemed to think the devil was clutching one half the folks you seo before your very eyes. If tho minister chose sensible ho wasn't going to say nothing against it. It didn't make no difference about tho money, and they may as well have two workers instead of one for the good of tho cause. This opi.11011 given by tho loading member had a very marked effect; tho horizon cleared. Miss Giggles, who playod tho organ and had very marked intentions in tho old days, was hoard to doolare that as Mr. Made-much-of was going to marry, she was very glad ho was not going to havo one of tho girls in tho congregation, for she couldn't abear to have seen anyono of them a-sweeping up tho aisle, and going into the vestry as if tho chapel belonged to her. Mr. and Mis. Road.ymonoy hoped tho neweoinor would raiso the tono of society in their midst and only visit those who woro in good social positions, ' for you know, my dear,' said Mrs. Readymoney to lier bettor-half, ' ministers of our faith, though equal in every respect to those of others, have not half tho position that teachers of other and less pure faiths have, for which reason I hope Mrs. Made mueh-of will bo most particular to do everything she can to let peoplo seo thai sho is every bit as particular as that old Gloom Irawl's wife, who, thoy say, thinks herself too good to visit honest trades-foils. Mrs. Rea.lymoney, it will be seen, wanted to a Ivance her code of religion temporarily, Mr. H'liimlliea I spiritually. Tho different modes of procedure towards tlieso different causes is highly diverting, as Mr. Rmd.ymoney was tho loader ot that fashionalile and .wealthy nle nunt of tho lio.ly, and Mr. Roun ilieud thf poorer, but 111 ire do'<nvitio. and banl-\vor!iing. A fusim of thme iiucoiig'Miiivl olome:its was talked of, in or lor to provi le spue kind of woleomo f»r tho we Me I p:dr. After in■ toh talk and less work a te ini3.;(iiig was agree 1 upon, as the moat sensible, nio.sl public, and most lYjen Uy, -lor a minister's wife cannot bo to familiar with her pooplo,' quoth Mr. Roundhead.' 'Certainly sho cannot with a cortain class,' supplemented Rca lymoney. For tho benefit o! those who take'' an interest in the pedigree of families I may mention that Mr. Headymoney's father was originally an hawker of vegetables and fruit, but sinco iiis longheaded son had made money enough to live indopendontly, he had developed into a plant merchant, and was spoken of by the aristocratic Mrs. Ileady money, as 1 her dear pa-in-law, who was too fond of business to retire,' At last the day fixed for tho great tea meeting arrived, and groat was the mustering thereof. Perhaps of all bodies, excepting tho Presbyterians and Roman Catholics, tho Congrogationlists are the most clannish certainly ; they have more sense of fellowship than thoir Episcopalian brethren. Whothor from a sense of weakness or stricter ad. beranao to gospel truths, I leave tho unbiassed to judgo. (TO UK CONTINUED.) 