THE INTEGUMENTARY SYSTEM. A paper read before the Bendigo Science Society (June 18th) by J. B. Lillie Mackay, A.K.C.L., F.C.S., etc. What is commonly designated the skin is the protective garment that clothes the entire external surface of the body, and subject to modifications is continued over the lips, nostrils, palate and tongue; besides constituting the delicate lining for the whole alimentary canal. Where the one begins and the other ends is difficult to discern accurately, but the line of demarcation may be fairly ob- served at the junction of the ruddy lip with the white facial cuticular covering. That which invests the cavities of the body especially the alimentary canal, is called the mucousmenibrane, but I will online your attention on this occa sion to the skin proper with its layers and appendages. The skin is one of the most im portant organs to he found in the human frame, and subserves many valuable purposes which I will treat of in brief detail. It is very complex in structure, but I hope to convey to my audience an intelligible account of the fundamental parts aided by the illustrations now hanging before yon. The beauty of the ar rangement of the integumentary system will be readily conceived by the study of its different parts, paying regard to the numerous functions it has to perform. You will then be able to understand how important it is to preserve the skin in a healthy condition, and to speedily counteract any morbid tendency, by stimulat ing its functions so as to restore and maintain its natural pliability, sensibility and vascularity. It is a fundamental law that the more highly organized an organ is, the more care propor tionately it requires in use, since like the most delicately organized instruments it is liable to be put out of gear. We have likened the skin to a garment clothing the body, or we should rather say the fle3h—that is the muscular tissue, but the analogy must not be carried too far. It is not simply a closely adapted coat or tegument like a tight fitting glove on the hand. It is a living structure organically connected with the subjacent tissues, although it slides over the muscles within certain limits—rbeing more mov able on the back of the hand than on the front 011 the neck than on the scalp, while it is al most immovable 011 the sole of the foot. Al though it is constantly decaying on the surface, it is at the same time self reparative, s&mewhat; like the grass of a pasture land, which as fast as it is removed by the grazing of gregarious animals, springs up again from fresh growths beneath. Now we will consider the dermal tissues. It will be simplest to regard the com plete integument as consisting of three layers, or membranes, which will be explained seriatim. 1\. The out-layer or cuticle : 2. The coloured layer or zone of pigment cells; 3. The true skin or vascular layer. The cuticle, horny-layer or epidermis, often termed the scarf-skin, lies on the outside, and is devoid alike of sensation and blood. It is the thin clastic superficial mem brane designed as a protective padding from hurt or chills to the vascular and nervous layer beneath. It gradually wears away in minute horny scales accelerated by friction, by ablution and especially by warm water and soap. In drying the arms with a bath towel after a. hot bath, one sees the superficial layers of cells peeling off as an ink eraser erodes paper. It is well seen in dandritt' and certain skin di seases; and is abraded by the razor in the process of shaving. Being non-sensitive and non- sanguineous, it may be pricked without pain or bleeding, and it rises as a blister by a burn, or by the use of vesicating agents, andsometimes with hard manual exercise such as rowing when one is nnaccustomed to it. It becomes thick and callouB by undue friction or pressure, well seen 011 the palms of the hands of labourers, as quarrymen, miners, masons, gardeners, etc.; also 011 the fingers of the sempstress; and may become temporarily so hardened and rough by mowing grass, boating, trapezing, and such like exercise. It is especially seen on the heel and great toe after much walking. As an instance of pressure affecting it, I need only mention corns; while warts may be regarded as hard protuberances or excrescences of similar nature, but originat ing, probably, in exceptional irritation of some kind. The cuticle is almost impermeable, yet is capable of limited Absorption, hence the use of unguents and embrocations, whereby such substances as iodine, mercury, aconitia or mor phia may be absorbed locally, but probably the beneficial effects of "external, remedial agents may be due to their passage through the pores of tlie akin, to be hereafter described. It also, blunts the high sensibility of the papillary eminences. When abrasod there is great danger of poisoning, as is well known to pathologists. The pigmentary layer, is technically termed reiemucosum or malpighian layer, so called after its discoverer an eminent Italian physiologist of the 17th century. Some anatomistsdo not view this as a distinct layer, but look on it as being the basement cells of the epidermis somewhat modified and filled with colouring matter which varies In hue and amount according to the race of mankind, being black in the negro, copper coloured in the Bod Indian, brown in the Hindoo and aborigines of Australia) and tawny in thb Turk and Mongolian, Angln-JwJiai), Mulatto and Croolo, The characteristic tint of the Caucasian race (i.e. pinkish colour) is not, however, due to real pigmentary inattor rosiding in this layer of cells, which are more rounded than those in the superimposed layer, but to the red colour of the deeper vascular layer beneath, .showing through the semi-transparent membrane above. The pigmentis developed, however, in the cells of this malpighian layer in the ease of the white Caucasian by the action of the sun's rays, hence the tun in summer-time on the arms of children and the faces of those much exposed to sunshine. Freckles also are said to arise from its unequal distribution in the ' mucuous net work,' although in some cases it may be duo to the decomposition of the pigment in certain e#iljs where it is stored. It is noticed, however, that- persons having a blonde and delicate skin are more liabla tn freckles—which cannot be considered as beauty spots — than those who po.- sess a darker complexion. In answef: to the niuisti'jn, "Can an Ethiopian change his skin?'' I may say there have been some negroes, as well as several Re4 Indians, 011 whose limbs spots of a chalky white have appeared, Which spread and enlarged until the whole body became white. Sjuch transi tion. is duo to disease, yet it would scent possible to " inaku lilafflf >vhite, foul fair." Now we come to the true skin, wliiflh pyhibits remarkable adaptations to circumstances and nse. It is variously termed the dermis, curium, and Cutis ie- a. It is composed of areolar tissue, is elastic, resistant, extensible, und is characterised by its great sensibility. It is traversed by small norvea, especially on the linger ends, and is further gorged with blood capillaries, hence also called the ' sanguineous layer/ When these minute blood vessels, with more or lesd jnuscular and elastic walls, con tract by fright or otbpnvise, there is less flow of blood to the surface, whilo contrariwise an increased amount of blood supply brings about the crimson color induced by violent exerciso or other causes, Iu uiuemia or exsanguiuimity, a bloodless condition of th" body, the face be comes y/h;tu from a deficiency in the number of the red blood corpuscles permeating this lower integnient, and the fi'cc becomes pale or white. The presence of iroji isjnpposed to give the red color to the blood disks, for the conviction agrees with jlje remark of Teiinywn, in the " jl/riiicoss • 'I've heard that there is iron in the blood, And I believe it." Honce tli.e physician often prescribes iron in such cases, with the result that the blanched cheek of many a pale faccij school girl becomes restored to the fresh and ruddy glo\v of healthful youth, from which we infer that a trncp of iroji in our food helps to produce the delicate dama»iv hue in the countenances of the fair sex that so charms their fond admirers, an allusion that we find in Shakespeare's masterly description:— ,f 'Tis beauty truly blent, whose red and \yhit<',^ Nature's; ownswent and cnr.uinghand laid 011." The salmon tint- or rosoa-te hue is modified by sensation, exercise and physios! amotion, and hence we sometimes judge of guilt by tin? ap. pearanee of the countenance of tho supposed culprit when charged with any offence. Tho tissue of the dermis has a closely interwoven fibrous appearance under the microscope, all the fibres crossing each other in every direction as in a piece of felt. It is strong and elastic, and capable alike of distension and contraction. It is this j/wt that is employed in the arts for the production of In;- fjier, for in tanning and curry ing the outer layer is shaped off, and then the fcnje skin is prepared or subjootcd to various pro cesses. When thesanguinelayerij punotlircfl with a needle, luccivitcd with a thorn, or cut with any »harp instrument, JjJood at onco oozes out. fiiiwjfj every part is permeated by myriads of miscroscy/pjc blood vessels—and from the Nervous supply being good, tho wound is 1 ■'iifitfW.es Ramify BO ti)?Qughly through the >fe}» tint is nefit to impossible to prick . ue. . «.{;/' pohji; of the smallest with out 'hivii >4 blood.. We see, fjwrp fore that th^ iwi ci";ekii tll° P?,sant ^' °r 101 e, that the ~ ()J. t])e pKetty bloom like a mstic school b, > tjj^faces of the post's beauties summer rose seen o.. » . - (levelop„)6c!; 0f are not due to any - ?).abundance of crimson pigment, but . ^ f f»t, j,;t£gl:tnont. blood supply to this pai IwcJtio%si, 0f From a similar cause we get ■ fif thc the consumptive, the purple .. - , , v f ebriate, as well as the momenta.;1 £ anger, shame, or love. Gray, in his - . 6 . . . Piesy,''fittingly alludes to the last pon- " expressive lines :— " O'er her warm cheek, and rising bosom , The bloom of young desire and purple Jlgnc 01 love." On the other hand, pallor is due to a temporary contracton of the walls of thc blood vessels, and a consequent diminished supply of blood to the surface, while "Death's pale_ flag is due to the stoppage of the heart's action, and the ces sation of the blood stream through the innu merable vessels that traverse this tissue. Be sides this, there are plenty of lymphatics pinute tubes tl>at pervade nearly all tissues and take up a fluid called lymph. The dermis in the thickest and most resisting part of thei skin. It i3 composed of dense areolar or fibrous tissues whicii yields gelatine 011 boiling. J.t is irregular un its upper surface, like the troughs and crests of 1 he waves of the ocean,- although closely moulded, by the overlying •• layer. Hence, we have the lidgcs and furrows well seeii on the palm of the hand, j These ridges, however, are rows of papilhe of different elevation, which may be compared to miniature mountain chains lying parallel to each other. But just as in ranges of hills, we may have cones of elevation, and hills of eircum denndation, so here we have two classes of etnincnccs. 1. Those that contain tactile.cor puscles 01 touch bodies; Theyiftre little coiiical projections arranged ia rows, bounding the ex ternal surface of the true skin, und from their close contiguity forming prominent ridges, es pecially predominant on the tips of the fingers, which are therefore very sensitive' to touch a3 evidenced by the blind man reading his bible, for when any of the other senses are lost, touch becomes greatly exalted. It is said that Pro fessor Sanderson, the mathematician at Cam bridge, could distinguish spurious medals from fenuine ones by simply feeling them, while I new a blind lady who could tell colours of fabrics better than many who have the use of their eyes. But in all cases the sense of touch is more acute in man than in the brute creation, while its empire is of vast extent compared with the sister senses. These touch corpuscles are thickened ends of nerve trunks, and were discovered by Wagner. They convey to " the brain the sense of feeling, and theiefore form one of the five gateways of knowledge allegori cally pictured by John Bunyan as the "feel gate" in the town of Mansoul. (2). There are other rounded elevations found studding the i surface of the cutis, but destitute of nerve and incapable of receiving or transmitting the tac tile sensation (whereas in the first-named pro jecting hillocks there are special nerve termina tions). They are designated " vascular papil la1." In number they exceed the others, par ticularly on the cheek, arm and back, where, as is well-known, the form of feeling is much less marked. Gratiolet recognised a difference in equal areas of the skin in the sensitiveness to touch, while Weber measured the relative sen sibility of equal areas 011 different portion) of the body surface, by means of a pair of com passes to the points of which little cubes of cork were attached to act as guards, the eyes of the person being blindfolded. I11 certain situations the legs had to be brought apart to an appreci able distance before a dual impression could be produced. The sensation of two points were felt on the palm of the hand, when only fiv'c lines apart—011 the back of the hand they had to be 14 lines apart for an equivalent percep tion, while in the region of the spine the dis tance had to be 30 lines—lience the fallacy of the barber in using the back of the hand as an indication of the tonsorial operation having been perfectly performed. Strangely enough, however, the sensation of tickling is more pronounced on those regions where the tactile corpuscles are furthest apart. This siniious layer of papilla; of the two varieties is sometimes called the "corpus papillare." There are other structures imbedded in the dermis :— The sudariparous perspiratory or sweat glands are coils of tubes terminating in a spiral or corkscrew-like pipe, which opens obliquely 011 the surface of the cuticle. The purpose of these bodies is to withdraw excess of water from the blood, each gland being supplied by its own capillaries, and by evaporation to cool the body, thus acting as safety valves, preventing the tem perature from rising above 90° or 101° i\, save in febrile diseases, wheu from defective action of these glands1 fever heat ensues. The physician in such cases administers what are called sudorific medicines, such as-Mindererus, spirit, Dover's powder, or other useful thera peutic agents, Sudation or perspiracion con stantly takes place 011 every part of the integu ment, and ,goos on night and da'y, summer and winter, though varying in extent according to the season, and the condition of the, body. It is only when profuse that it becoines visible as the sweat drops on a laborer's brow, on tho fire man's faco and arms, or over the whole surface by fast r.inuing, footballing, or oven walking under a broiling sun. We therefore distill: guish between insensible perspiration ever going 011 in life, and estimated by Sequin (by .enclosing the body in a waterproof bag furnished with an opening to allow the breath to escape) at 11 grainss per minute, or about 2 lbs. daily, while the exhalation of water from the lungs is seven grains 'per minute u sensible perspiration apparent 011 ly during active exureiso, when it amounts to 110 per cent, above the average. The siulaiiparous, glands are very 'numerous. Sir Erasmus Wilson calculated their liumber as 3,oOO on every square inch, on the palm, of the hand and sole of tho; foot, and 400 011 the same area on the neck and back. Krause estimates their total number at two and a half millions. If these were placed end to end they would measure about 28 miles in length. Such constitutes a most gigantic' system of sew erage which if obstructed must inevitably cause death. The story of the gilded boy illustrates the fatal experiment of blocking up these glands which are sq essential to life. (Tho lecturer here narrated the story whiah showo.l .that the golden skin had become a winding sheot.) Experi ments had been instituted on living animals, such as > rabbits,' dogs, sheep and horses, thy varnishing their bodies; so as to shut out all access of air, with the unfailing result in each case that the poor creatures got colder and colder, and die.d,m-7.or.8..1iours, in fact as soon as the temperature fell below 77 0 Falir. The effect is remarkable. I have already told you that evaporation from tho body lowers the tem perature, and'thc more rapid the evaporation the greater the cold produced, hence the use of ether spray for producing local anaesthesia,while' on the other hand, if partially interfered with, fever supervenes. But here wo have a contrary result. I may say that the phenomenon is not properly understood. . It must be remembered that the sweat glands are not the only channels for draining..the water from dermal structures;, for just as water will ooze out through a non porous animal membrane, such as bladder, so it will transfuse through the ^impervious cuticle, and evaporate from the surface, although tp a ftnall degree compared with . the special means I have de^iiljcd. The skill then a grput excretory organ drain ing the blood of superfluities, and as regards tht> elimination of water, surpasses the lungs and greatly assists tho kidney. They are mutually accommodating, but in dropsy the skin boing put to its utmost strain, generally fails to sulii ciently relieve the renal organ, and hence the danger of such disease. The function of con tinual exhalation enables the skin to control the temperaturo of the body, for when elevated beyond a normal standard as by undue exeiv turn or extraneous heat as in a deep mine or in front of a puddling furnace, its duty com-' meiiCQS—the sweat pours out, is distributed over the surface, and by evaporation cools 11s down to a proper degree. -Antoine Lavoisier, the great French physiologist and chemist, was the lirst philosopher who clearly explained this important and useful action, and pointed out the serious consequences that would arise from any disturbance of its daily work. If the air be hot and moist, the evaporation of the per spiration is more tardy, and hence the oppres siveness of damp days or in the workings of deep mines, the feeling being as if the body wore immersed in a vapour bath. Active perspiration is due to lie.it or the violence of exercise—for even mental exertion increases it 42 per cent. It may also be produced by tem porary paralysis of the vast)-motor nerves. Hci't, y.'0 lind tliQ sebaceous or fat glands, which must not be confounded \vith those I'have just described. Their use is to neerote oil, both to keep the cuticle soft and pliant, and to nourish tho hair. They are racemose in structure, i.e., a number of sac-like follicles resembling clusters of grapes, varying from o to 20 (with much shorter tubes than tho sweat glands), anil commonly open into the hair follicle or bag fyrijiod by ttie infolding of the skin to hold tho hair. They ivi'p specialty abundant in geese, albatross, swans, and other natatorial i-irds, and tho oil thoy secrete is used by such birds for lubricating and decorating their plumage. The proverb, "like water 011 a duck's back," indicates tlie greasy surface of the feathers, derived from these reservoirs of fat. A small'quantity of the oil esc.ipas into the perspiration, and hence the clamminess ami desire for washing our hands and face after a long railway journey or day's outing without refreshment of-the. lavement order. Raw wool is quite oily from the same cause, and much grease for making fcoaj) js extracted, from the fleece. Woollen garments long won! become saturated with oil. Wheu the im:ura! notion of these oil glands is tardy, pimples frequently ariso, and tho "worms," as they are vulgarly called, seen on thu nosy und chin are but consolidated fat exuded from thos _which have clogged up the tube in which the liaif I* located, due to lack of soap aiid imper fect washing of ' flic "face.' Ladies who boast of never ' U3ir(g fjoap to the face can never thoroughly clean.19' t'i.cir skin, and never have the fresh and'brigl'it countQinuce obtained by the use of soup, and friction of' rough tott'els. Therjaru als;> groups of fat cell's imbedded deop in the dermis, Cui liftyi11}? outlet to the sur face. They are intended tfj. store up fat, par ticularly in animals such as tiio polar .bear, that jjve in cold climates, and in youth thoy Hcop thc^kjo pice and plump, whereas in old age, in i);i»"l-yb^og'u'3 ami iij the last stage of consump tioii^gfve the hyllow and sunken cheeks, cada verous look, and wrinkled skin, Wrinkles are more numerous in those of lean teu'leiiuy, and are considerably rednoedin oiwity when "the slun mo't necessarily bo more tonso. Ceruminous glands from wllich exude tho wax of tho oar arp of ,-in an^loguus character, but in structure CO' scmble the sweat .glands. { Nails are but spsml protective adaptations of the cuticle, of which tbaj flre continuations, and M-iae from wfeMM or ■pwWmp pf «H» °"tar integument. The liorny nature is more pro nounced than in the cuticle, but iu both the growth of new cells take place at- the base. They give support to the tips oi the fingers. They partake ot the character of the hoof of a horse. Near the root there is: a small whitish opacinc mark of semilunar shape, and therefore called the lunula. Teeth are likewise epidermal appendages, and though of bony structure'Have no connection .with the skeleton. Time does not permit a full account of the dental apparatus. . Hairs are like the, nails and teeth, purely epidermal appendages. They are situated in pouches or sacs, called hair follicles, due to the inllolding of the skin, as the finger of a glove" may be pulled inwards. , Thoy, grow on all parts, save the soles of ,the feet and.the palms of hands. Each liair has a shaft which rises to the surface, and a bulb or root anchored to a little protuber ance at the base'of1 the sac where it receives nourishment. The.shaft consists of a soft pith or medulla, and an exterior portion or cortex, which makes up1 one fourth of its thickness,'and consists of a series of inricate or overlapping scales. The medulla is tubular, and contains a fluid which varies in colyur, and when it perishes leaves grey hairs. livery hair is itself enclosed in a sheath. Wool, feathers, down,'quills, horns, etc., are modifications of this: appendage. Like the cuticle, hairs grow from below, and neither hairs nor nails can be renewed on death or injury to the root; hence the absurdity of the hundreds of "hair rcnewers" (falsely so called) palmed off upon the credulous public. Every hair is connected with i muscle, but few can raise them voluntarily as the porcupiue docs his quills or the peacock his feathers, any more than we can erect our ears at will as the quad rupeds do. In the lower animals the muscles called by the anatomist erectores pilorum are very distinct, but in man they are dormant, ex cept in a disease called "cutis anserina." In eases of sudden terror or emotion, however, the hair muscles contract, and "the hair stands on end," according to the proverbial expression. Shakespeare, in his tragedy of "Hamlet," admirably refers to this point in the well-known words of the ghost:— " I couM a tale unfold, \vh03e lightest words Would harrow up thy soul, freeze thy young blood, Make -thy two eyes like stars start from their spheres. Thy knotted and combined locks to part, And each particular hair to stand on end Like quills upon the fretful porcupine." The functions of the complex organ, the skin, may now be summarised under the following heads:—. . 1\. To regulate the temperature of the body by carrying off the excess of heat in the latent conditiou 2\. To act as a respiratory organ.thus assisting the lung by removing large quantities of water, besides getting rid of carbonic acid and other impurities. 3\. To aid the kidneys in eliminating water and concentrating the blood. 4\. To serve as an organ of absorption in cer tain conditions, being thus specially valuable to the physician and dermatologist. 1 5\. To locate the sense of touch; giving it wide distribution and endless communication' with the outside world. C. To act as a reservoir of fat, thus aiding' nutrition. . 7\. To form a matrix for growth of hair, which materially helps to conserve the bodily warmth, especially in the beasts of1 the fiekl; , . 8. To serve as an external protective integu ment to the delicate; and easily injured tissues beneath. ' ' ' . 9\. It is a medium of conveying the sensation of heat and cold. ■ ' • : ' 10\. It softens the contours, giving to the frame the geometrical figure and rounded out line, known in man as the human form .divine. ' ; Truly we may say with Pope in respect to the different structures of the integumentary system— t. , ! " All are but parts of one stupendous whole, L Whose body nature is and God the Boul, As full as perfect in a hair as in a heart." , 