THE LIFti OF A SALVATIONIST. .«A CAPTAINS BKVKLATJONS." , Mr. J. J. K. Bedstone, who was once an officer of the Salvation Army, has just writtea a strange little book upon it. ll is called ' ' An ez-Captain'e Experience of the >alvation Army." '1 be Kev. Cunningham Geikie, D.D., writes tbe introduction. The captain bas a grievance, lie forsook all to follow the for- tunes of the Army, aud, after a period of what he conceived to be a valiant service, ho waa found unsuccessful, and asked to resigo. There are no scandals or revelations io the book, but the author naturally writes with a certain bitterness of his former chiefs. " General " Booth is sketched in hie insigni- ficant origiu as a missionary ut the East-end, and in the moro than priestly tyranny of his present etevotiou. All power is in the hands j of himself and bis family. They rale without appeal. "The Pope is a constitutional monarch compared with Mr. Booth, lie and. his family are immeasurably more despotio than Leo. XIII., and his cardinals." The General's subordinates re- ceive juBt wbat he chooses to give them. There is no guarantee of any fixed amount ; there is consequently no claim ; and inex- perienced young people who enlist for active missionary work may be sent out to virtual starvation. Mr. Bedstone is a man of humble station and of an education to match. His ¿eel makes up tor all. He believed in the Army at the moment of his conversion ; he believes in it still. "For real Holy Ghost "power and life," be has never seen such meet- ings as those which brought him into the ranks. He joined a corps as a member, and " went in for thc war heart and eoul." " To tell all the doings for the three months that followed would alone fill a book. How at nearly every meeting outtide we were covered with all uiauuer of filth ; how the coughs broke doors and partitions down ; how they fought together in the hall, while rows of sinners were out at the penitent forms crying for mercy." He felt . strong desire to Devote all his time and etrength to tbe service of tbe Army, but his wife was at first strongly opposed to it. She .declared that she " would not think of selling her borne to be dragged about the country with two children." But when, shortly after, one of the children died, the poor woman recog- nised it as a summons, if not a rebuke from on High, and she suffered her husband to send in his application to headquarters. The in- quiry form sent to hie captain in reply is one good example of the rigorous inquisition into the character, circumstances, and behaviour of active members, which marks every stage of the Salvationist's career. It contains forty eight questions, and bere are a few of them chosen at random, and not always in their consecutive order :-" Age last birthday ? Height T Has the candidate got that sort of pluck and go and godliness that ÍB likely to make an officer in the Salvation Army ? Can the candidate singt Kver had fits of any kind? If so, what kind? Is the candidate {n debt ? If so, hotv much, and « by ? When and where converted ? ls the. candidate court- ing? If so, who (sic), and is the person a soldier ? Are tbe candidate's parents saved ? Wife saved f bend us the candidate's photo ?" Tbe answers were satisfactory, und Mr. Red etone was in due course admitted to the Clapton Training Home. Herc he learned his new business, if such it can bc culed, in each of its Beven departments-"the spiritual, the field, the doctrinal, the educational, the cor- respondence, thc military, tin-, domestic (or that relatiug to housework)." lu thc Field Department "information i» givt-u for search- ing out thc land " The pupils learn "the rules for attacking a town ot uvi^hboorhootl, and the formation and generalship of a cr.rp» : the best method of advertising and conduct- ing meetings for sinners, backsliders, aud soldiers' assembly, and cottage and prayer meetings, thc most effectual method of form- ing and leadiug processions, with bombard- ments, attacks un villages, und working villages and outposts. Much uf lins iustruc tíon. Mr. Redstone addt>, " ii made still better understood by frequent bombardments in tbe afternoons, the suburban village «elected for attack being invaded by a large force." Soon he was ready for active service, and he received his baptism of fire ou that awful night when a mob of thirty thousand threatened annihilation to thu army as they marched in to take possession of a new conquest at the Eagle, in the I itv Boad. Now began those wanderings wbi h at first the poor wife bad so much feared. Tbe pair were sent from place to place often with the poorest possible prospecte of a supply of the necessaries of life. The stations, as we understand Mr. Red- stone, are expected to supply headquarters rather than to draw from headquarters. Officers collect subscriptions as best they can, pay all necessary expenses, taking their own last, and forward the balance, if any, to the common fund. Their nominal allowance ÍB 27s. a week for married men, with ls. a week for each child under fourteen, but they are deeply impressed with the fact that the Army does not recognise the idea of salary in the or diuury sense at all. Every officer ÍB pledged to do Ms duty without any guaranteed salary whatever." The officers must not take their full salary when the corps is getting into debt, inconsequence, they sometimes have little or no salary to take. They have to render a strict weekly account both of tho temporal and spiritual concerns of their stations. The *' Monday Report " consists of a series of answers to such questions as-** Number of open-air services held last week ? How many War Cry» did you sell on Wednesdays ? What is the entire amount of liabilities for the week ? How much salary did you draw." The " Farewell ReportB," ¡Beued when officers were drafted to other stations, are, ol course, still mora exhaustive. There was sometimes trouble with the women. A certain feminine banner-bearer and scrgeantofone of "Captain" Redstone's corps had a certain following of f'oung men and women. The Captain did not ike her following, and he cashiered the lady, much to her annoyance. His Major refused to confirm the act, and thc Captain was in conse- quence subjected to insult from the fair delin- quent and from her supporters, »be would " testify in the ball that she was saved higher than the Apostle Paul." In going to obe station Mr. Kedstone was cheered by the prospect of " twenty tambourine UFBCS," but when they found out he was a murrit d man they decamped. Many of tue lady officers seemed to take no interest in married men. At thisistation, to add to hisdifficulties, he "had to deal with soldierswho openly passed packetB of sweets one to another in prayer and holiness meetings." There were other afflictions within the fold. On one occasion, while con- ducting preliminary devotions, the captain "happened to make the following remark: 1 Oh Lord, if there is anyone here who wears two faces under one hat, eave them.' " Why he made it he knew not, " other than as a stray shot," For all that, an ex-colour sergeant severely resented it, and, rising from his seat with some half dozen of bis sym- pathisers, began to abuse his innocent leader. " for some quarter of an hour the place was in commotion. However, they were got out at last, and we finished the meeting in peace." Headquarters did uot like all this. There were frequent remonstrances with the captain, and much correspondence, and in the result, as wc have seen, he was pronounced unsuccessful, and compelled to resign. Daily Acme. 