SIGNOR HAZON'S SYMPHONIC CONCERT. The third and last of these great under- takings—unique alike in their musical value as in their commercial success took place on Saturday afternoon in the presence of the most crowded attendance at any of the series, The event was really remarkable as closing a period in the musical history of his city. In the general success attained every one could take just pride, and the praises accorded at the end of the concert by Mr. F. H. Cowen, who was the distinguished visitor of the occasion, were known to be as fairly earned as they were felt to be sincerely spoken. To the gifted composer and skilled conductor last-named comes now comes the duty of directing the production of the finest musical works by the greatest musical organisation possible to our strength and means. How different the commencement of the second period from that of the first, when all Melbourne citizens, all now passed away, met in a little cottage at the corner of Lonsdale and Swanston streets, opposite to us here the hospital is now, and played with amateur enthusiasm the first overture ever heard in Melbourne—the "Gazza Ladra" of Rossini the development has been great from that time to this Last week opened with a Raff symphony. "Im Walde" by a band of 50 musicians, conducted by Mr. Herz, and it closed with the first performance here of the "Symphonie Fantastique," by Hector Berlioz played by an orchestra numbering 66 instrumentalists, and conducted by Signor Hazon. This extraordinary work by an extraordinary man at the age of 18 was the principal item on the programme, and demands our best attention. It is essentially a piece of "programme music," or music in which the various movements are minutely de- scribed as if they should be labelled "this represents evening—that a "storm"—the other "a ghost." Programme music is looked upon somewhat askance, by those who live in an atmosphere of art ; but we must admit some advantage in it for the great public who do not live in an atmosphere of art, and we hope susceptibility to artistic impression it is desirable to reach by all means. "The Symphonie fantastique"—an episode in the life of an artist—consists of five move- ments, named "Reverie and Passion," "In the Ballroom," "In the Fields," "March to the Gallows," and "Witches Revel These uncanny headings have already suggested to the readers a gruesome story. But here it should be observed that the drama is not complete in this episode in five acts ; it is brought to its true conclusion in a sequel monograms entitled "Lelio," with which we at present have nothing to do. Berlioz imagines a young musician, of ardent imagination and morbid sensibility, in a fit of love madness poisoning himself with a dose of opium, which does not produce death, but plunges him into an opium sleep in which he sees strange visions. The figure of the beloved becomes throughout these troubled but intensely vivid visions a graceful figure of tune which haunts him through life to ignominious death, and is afterwards present in a changed condition to his tormented soul. The first movement fairly starts the tone drama—the principal motif, the musical figure of the beloved, is introduced—to be recognised throughout the work whenever it reappears Then come rhapsodies, jealousies, furies, melting recon- ciliations, pious hopes, and religious consola- tion, in the midst of a splendid ball room, aglow with light and colour, the air quivering with the seductive measure of the waltz, a scene of luxury and sensuous delight, but wanting still the presence of the one object, which in time appears, and gives the crown- ing grace to the scene of beauty. From this full measure of an almost oppressive happiness the scene changes to the open. It is a summer eve, and herdsmen pipe to each other at a distance a ranz des vaches—the pastoral simplicity of the scene, the balmy air, the gentle rustling of the leaves overhead, producing a restful calm to which he has long been a stranger. But her figure, never long absent, crosses the field of his mental vision, and then come doubts and fears about deception, and his soul is troubled, and the sky darkens, and when the renewed sound of one rustic pipe floats down the wind it is no longer answered by the other, but in response comes the menacing growl of distant thunder, then storm, then solitude, then silence. Fateful omen ! In his dream he has killed the beloved one, and has been condemned to death. The funeral procession is on its way to the place of execution. The solemn march is being played—now breaking out into burst of wild jubilation—again the appearance of that undying vision ; the beloved form once more. The knife has fallen. The witches hold high revels after this, and in the midst of hideous orgy their merriment and antics are loud and tumultuous. The motif once more strikes upon the ear, but how changed its pure and virginal simplicity, its lost) purity all departed, all degraded to a miserable imitation of immodest merriment. She joins in the revels, which end in a diabolic parody of the "Dies Iræ." The mind of the listener is enchained to closest attention throughout the performance of this work from first to last. The opening claims attention as at the call of a master, and what follows fixes it in decree never before experienced. The variety of phrases, rhythms, accounts, and unexpected instrumental effects crowded into each of the movements above described stamp him as a mighty master in musical art, one to be heard with great respect, and with whom a larger acquaintance is greatly to be desired. The reader will understand that to select special passages from so great a work as being characteristic of an ever changeful and moving story would would be to waste time and purpose together. He will understand clearly when we insist that the extraordinary scenes above sketched are actually conveyed to the general sen- sorium through the medium of eyes and ears —that is through the intelligently annotated programme which Mr. John Law generously presented to the audience, and through the music itself, which reflects with absolute fidelity in every bar the glowing mind and weird fancy of the new master who had thus early in life, and with his fourth work, compelled the attention of the whole world of music. His mastery of instrumentation was a revelation at the time, but it has never been questioned. The players who fill his orchestra must all be experts of the first class, or something will go wrong ; each part, and there are so many parts in his scoring being fully written, and abounding in diffi- culties which are all necessary to the effect intended. Notwithstanding the strong indi- viduality of this composer, he has shown his power to write and combine in pre- scribed form. In the final move- ment we have a well built and im- pressive fugue, going together with the strains of "Dies Iraæ." In the "Witch Revels" the audience must have been surprised to see violinists in some passages playing the strings with the backs of their bows, and to have heard the uncanny effect produced as it a plague of grasshoppers was stifling all is passed over. The methods employed and the results obtained in this master are worthy the attention of all concerned in the making and interpretation of orchestral music, and a debt of gratitude is due from all to the two gentlemen—Mr. John Law and Signor Hazon—who have been the means of placing before them a most valuable and delightful lesson. Each movement on Saturday was received with loud applause, and Signor Hazon was specially honoured after the wonderful Scene aux Champs, and at the end of the final move- ment, when the whole audience cheered heartily Space forbids any but short notice of the rest of the programme. Weber's "Euryanthe" overture was splendidly rendered on account of the number and skill of the players, and the true sympathy of the conductor. The "Tannhauser" overture, which some three weeks since was a triumphant perform- ance, was, on Saturday last—and with an orchestra of much stronger num- ber—a conspicuous failure on account of the collapse of the trombone players, Signor Hazon, in grateful admiration of his old master produced France youth's Marche Failure from His opens "Hamlet," a work of finest art of magnificent proportion, and admirable design, and apart worthy of Handel. It met with a splendid reception, and the conductor was recalled. The instrumental selections included a brilliant performance of Rossini's overture " The Siege of Corinth," a charming brunette " L'Arlesienne," by Bizet, and a gavotte for strings by Zelman, a work of such merit as procured for the composer the honour of a call to the platform. The programme was varied by some admir- able singing contributed by Mr. Gladstone Wright, Miss Sara Lewis, Miss Corcoran, Mr. 0\. M. J. Edwards, and Mr. Frank Morton. Signor Zelman and Mr. David Leo kindly acted as accompanist., the latter at the organ. The whole programme was a little too long. 