A MINER'S MILLION. Br J. MONK FOSTER, Author of" Carcheatert Vengeanoe,' " For Lo»e and Gold," "A Poor Man 1 ! Tragedy," Ac. (UX &IQHT3; SSX&TED.;] CHAPTER XUL—(Concluded,) " Bat I mart tell you. Bat, perhaps, I had bettor begin at the beginning. Well, yon know, Walter, that I was a wild fellow when yonng. I did many disreputable things, bnt tke worst af all ie that of whioh I am going to tell jon. A few months before I left England ao raddenly, BO many years ago, I had been on a visit to Elmharst, a place in Derbyshire kept by a friend of mine, Captain Comyns. While there I fell in love with a very beautiful girl, who lived at a farm close by, and she returned my affection. After a great deal of penaasion I induoed her to •elope with me one night, and wa ware married ia a little village about forty or fifty miles away—I forget its name." "Strange iron don't remember the name of the Tillage, Wilson!" M I don't remember the name at ill. It is •toh a time since, and we did not stop in the filMa long, only a few days." ' * Bat, at l«ast yon recollect the Shire you were married in?" • ** Certainly, it waslin Yorkshire. I remember that well enough. Bat why do yon ask, Walter?" "I thought the knowledgs might be useful to me afterwards." " Oh. certainly. Well, as I was telling you, •jre were married, and we lived very happily together for a short time. I believe I could hare settled down and been a better man had mi father bnt given me another trial A short time- before I was married my father had stopped : my allowance, and my credit Was bad, and yon will understand that soon after the wedding we became very hard np. I determined to make one more appeal to my father, and this time personally. So one day I set out for Torleign, taking with me our marriage certificate — my parents did not know of my marriage—and my wife's portrait. " When I arrived at Ihe Platts £ found no one in the honse but the servants. My parents had gone to spend a week or two with some of their friends in Chester. I was undecided what to do. I oonld not follow them to Chester, so at last I decided to wait a day or two for them. I placed the marriage lines and my wife's portrait in an old volame at the top of one of the book frames in the library, and probably it remains there to this day. I suppose you still live in the eld house ?" "Yea. I live there stilL" " Well, I only stayed a day. Then I went away, and being almost penniless, in a desperate moment, I forged -my father's name. I was about to return to my wife, who was en dent e, when it struck me that my fat might take harsh measures against me, and I fled to Amerioa. I sent some of the money to my wife, thinking of returning some day to England. But years rolled sway and I did not return, and £ should not have been here to-day but for that scrap of paper I pioked np in Collius-street, Melfcourne. " Yon know the rest of my story np to the time of my illness. The thought of what 1 had done in my youth troubled me a great deal after my -marriage. £ was constantly thinking of the'woman £ had deserted, and a day or twpaffeer Bnth's confinement I saw the ghost of my wife, as fresh and as beautiful as the day £ first met her. I fainted away, and they cay that I became insane." " Now I think that either my wife or her child is alive, and I want yon to look them up. £ want to make what atonement £ can, and £ shall have a will made leaving the bulk Of my property, to my first wife and her child, if they an alive." " If your first wife is still living, her ladyship wui be placed in a painful position, and her child will be illegitimate." " Yes, bnt it cannot be helped now, and I am determined to do justioe tor Alice and Iter child, Yon will hunt them np for me 2" "Yes, £ will do all £ can." Then followed a few moments of silence. Wilson was fatigued with his reoital, and Walter was deeply absorbed in thoughts, originated by his cousin's story of his early sin, Somehow the narrative had reminded him of that' other story he had heard from his JBchoolmhtress a short time before. Could it be possible that his cousin was the father of Alice Wilson ? It was not probable, or her name would have been Alice Gray. Yet, their stories looked so much alike, and •-the thought flashed through his mindperhaps his cousin had not married in his own surname. He would ask Wilson, who had not mentioned it in hiB conversation. " £ suppose that yon married in your own name, Wilson!" Walter ventured to remark, assuming an indifferent tone. " Oh, no, I had forgotten to mention it to you. I was married in the name of Robert Wilson. Lord Hayburne persuaded me not to use my snrnaine, and £ followed his advice, though £ oan scarcely tell you why, for £ loved' Alice Majbnrne, and never intended to desert her as 1 did afterwards—what is the matter, Walter? " . Walter had risen excitedly On hearing hU cousin say. he had not married in his surname. He felt almost ceitain now that Alice was Wilson Gray's daughter, bnt would it be ad-' visible to mention the matter to his cousin in his present oondition, and after all he might be mistaken. " What Is the matter, Walter ? " "I believe, VMlson. that the child of yonr first marriage is alive, said Walter, reseating ' himself. "£ am not certain, but £ think ao." "Alive I Where? and where is his mother." " Do not agitate yourself, and I will te'l; yon. Bnc- yonr child is a daughter, and her mother is dead, if what £ believe is true." As clearly and as briefly as he could Walter related. what he .knew of Alice Wilson's history, snd Wilson was . convinced that the schoolmistress was his daughter. " You must not be too sanguine, WilBon, for after all Alice n»y not be your child, though £ feel qnite satisfied that she is." " There is not the slightest doubt about it. You must bring her here at onoe, and then I can satisfy myself as to whether Bhe is Alice's child or not." " £ will return to Torleigh by the first train that £ can get, and bring Alice to you." " Yes, do. I am eager to see her. You nave pnt ftesh life into me, Walter, and I feet that £ shall not die till £ have seen her. And you say that she is the mistress of your school?" " Yes, bnt she is something more to me than my schoolmistress, she is to be my wife." " I am clad to hear that. My father's fortune will be yonr'a after all, Hot? strange all this is," ''You talk as though you were dying. Cheer up, You are worth a hundred dead men yet. Yon are better than you think.-' " My constitution is gone, Walter. I rained myselt phjBioally, as well as financially and morally in mv wild days. What time do you think of leaving Aldayne ? Loae no time. " Uy the 5.80 a.m. train, which is the first to pass through the village. We shall get back to the Priory about noon to-morrow." " Well, get oack as soon as you oan. Don't forget to look for the marriage certificate, and the portrait on th6 top shelf of that book frame near the Vest window. I think I placed them in an old oopy of 'The Book of Martyrs.'" " I'll find them if they are there. Some of the books have not been disturbed for the last twenty or thirty years." i "Ten to one they an there still." "I suppose, Wilson, that you never presented your wife with a portrait in mioiatars for a locket, did yon ? " " I remember giving her an ordinary sized 'portrait, J remember that I gave her a smal; gold locket—bus nby do you ask ?" *' Became I remember Miss Wilson telling me that she had a locket given to her by her mother, which contained both her parents portraits." " Have you seen the locket? " ' " No. She promised to show it to me, ba: I bad forgotten all about it till you mentioned your wife's portrait jnBt now." "Miaa Wilson's locket will settle ali. Peihaps my wife had a miniature pot trail; taken from the one I gave her. What B jrt of a girl Is this schoolmistress of yoar», Walter 1" Walter described Alice as well aa he coald, and his cousin said " Yon might have been describing my wife, Alioe Mayburne. I foe! certain Alioe Wilson is my daughter. And now, Walter, you had better get an hour or two's sleep to get ready for your journey." " Ye?, I think I will. I will drop io again before 1 go to eee how you are getting an. 1 " You need net call again before you go. Very likely I shall be asleep, Walter, Ua'. mind that yon don't Bleep too long and miss the train, You know how I want to see her"" Walter promised to mind the train, and he left the room, his mind filled with many strange thoughts. The story to which he had .listened seemed more like an old romance than a tale of real life. t wV p B t t e t t imwoec t 