POETRY. GRANNIE'S BONNET.—A HOMELY TALE. It woe a bonnet, not a scrap ot lace. Or knot of ribbon, tied with airy grace, Such as is perched npon the fluffy hair Of modern belles when they enjoy the air. It bad a crown, and a deep curtain too; A front which stood erect when it was new; But which now drooped, for it was old in years And oft had weathered Natnre's smiles and tears. But Grannie loved it; for when as blushing bride Grand-dad bad led her home with youthful pride, lie praised it much and oft in love's sweet bliss Beneath its ample shade he stole a kiss. And when once more. June roses filled the air Around the village Church and made it tair, A youthful mother Bat with trembling joy, To hear God's blessing- asked upon her boy. Her first-born babe, her langhlng blue-eyed child, Whose dimpled fist by tender tints beguiled Did seek the rose-budB round his mother's face. And " Grannie's bonnet" gained an added grace. The years flew on, then in the sweet soring time From old Church tower the merry bells did chime, And men and maidens donned their best array For 'twas the village beauty's wedding day. 'Twos Grannie's " Meg," and Grannie comely still, Aglow with pride, leant on her honest Will, Ber husband true, and though her tears did fall. In fresh-trimmed bonnet beamed she on them all. But clouds will sometimes ctobs the brightest sky, And one dark day deep sorrow dimmed each eye, As sad procession to the churchyard bore Acumrade true, for whom earth'e joys were o'er. A falling tree fasd crushed poor honest Will, One moment strong, the next eo pals and still. Then "Grannie's bonnet." "friendof happier years," No more did blushes hide, but heart-wrung tears. Bnt time is kind to hurts which God hath made, 'lis man's cruel wounds whose ghosts are nerer laid. And Grannie still had much to make life sweet. And for her blessings left would thanks repeat. And when her children'a bairnies in their play Old finery wonld don on holiday. Ah, then once more, mid Iauah and frolic wild, A roBy face 'neath " Grannie's bonnet" smiled. 