"GLADYS." Bovellst. A BOUANGE OF THE SPBtNQ TIME. BY M. M. D. Alovoly morning in spring, when you soom b soo_ tho trees growing nnd tho flowers oponing to tho yum — all nature in so bright nrolrnd that you always fcol a roucoiion 01 its warmth m your heart, and n song of thanksgiving rises :o your lips, for tho fact of life, aiul tiio blessing of good health to onjoy it. "" A gardon.lica before us, sloping grad ually to tho rivor, and filled with all tho wcotost perfumes of bud iiud blossom — an old-fashioned garden— whore tlio Lont lilies bent thoir graeoful lioads, nnd tho tall narcissi shared tho honors witli monthly roses. A pretty houso, of tho cottage typo, , though built with plenty of spneo at com mand, nud.sliowingouthousqsaiid stabling , in its rcar,-bcspoko the iuliabitunts to bo <\- sufhciontly blossed witli 'this world's goods to livo in comfort, at any -rate, if nut in absolute luxury. Seated undor n sproaditig sycamore, . with some dainty omoroidory inliorhand, \- was a girt of surpassing.graoo arid beauty ; ono glauco nt tho pure oval of _hor faco, , - at tho doop gray of hor eyes, nnd tho ' golden brown of her hair, " sunning over r -with curia," to sny nothing of her supple figure and taper hands aud feot, and you would not fool surprised to hear, what wns indeed a fact, that Beatrico Oonwaylind been " the boauty,"pnr excellence, of tho . lost tlirco seasons. % Thoro was, however, a tingo of molan- \- choly in tho wistful droop of hot rosy lips, \- vrhieh 'suggested tho fnot, that though nn hoiross, as well ns a bonuty, sho was not entirely happy or free from care. Flitting about from shrub to bush, and \- - _ from- blossom to berry, as fancy alono ; dictated, and gradually filling, tho basket sho carried in hor hand with all tho spoils of tlio. gardon, -was another girl, , Tho two wore much alike, but this orio Y was younger, brighter, fairer, and evi- dently happior than hor cousin, for sucli was tho degree of relationship between tho two. Beatrice,- the older cousin, was tho ownor of tho protty cottago, whore also dwolt hor aunt nnd cousin Gladys. An almost sisterly affoction. existed hotwoon the two girls. ' . ' Up to tho preoont momont, Gladys lmd boeu tho chief spokeswomnn, but tho con versation had boon somowhat desultory arid interrupted, owing to tho fact that Bhe always found it difficult to remain j long in ono placo, nnd gnthoring flowors .riffordod a splendid oxoroiso for perpetual , motion. Now, liowovor, sho camo and ; settled liorsolf'on tho grass at her cousin's foot, and with a littlo sigh of content began to annngo hor spoils. Beatrice continued tho oouvorsntion as . if no intorrnption had takon placq. "It. is nil vory fino for you 'to talk, Gladys, juBt because you linppon to bo engaged to tho best follow in tho world — tho host ' oatoh' of tho soason — a hnnd- somo mnn, nnd ono who, bosido all those advantages, is as madly in lovo with you, littlo cousin, ns if theso wore tlio days'df chivalry, and you woro nn enoliantod princess m a moated castle. Ho has only ' ono sorious fault that X know of, and there's no donying that ho is frightfully, unreasonably jealous." " It's tho only thing that prevents oar lovo story being' as common-placo as a cook's or a liousomaids," pouted Gladys, " but 1 am always hoping tliat somothing may turn up to nrouso his jcnlnusy, but . . you know, ' confidentially, and with a quaint littlo sigh, " I'm bo dreadfully in lovo witli liim, that I don't think it ovor " can, £pr, Beatrico, I'm Buro I could novor give him ovon tho slightest oauso — " "Oh, joalous pooplo don't wait for causo," intorruptdd hor cousin ; "but I trust you will novor find this out, Gladys." ... '1 don't moan to dony that I'm a vory lucky girl," continued Glndy's, as if olio hud not heard, or, at any rato, lioodod tlio interruption, nnd holding up a bunch of creamy rosos to soo how thoy linrmonisod .with hen cousin's dress, nnd fastening them in hor brooch in n kind of paren thesis, "or that Clnudo is uot tho best and doarcat follow in tho world, besido being, I know,xquito too good for mo ; but T am ouro, Trixy," coaxingly looking np into tho oldor girl's fnco to try to got hor to agrco, " it would have boon muoli wisor aud muoh moro romantio if ho had hap- ' penod to to nn artist, and worn a volvotoon cpat, and — " "Yea," laughingly, " yes, my dear coz, ..v.much moro romantic, but not- one-half so ; Jconyoniont, .It was bccnuso my lovor, ; " jiDorikil do .Lislo, was poor, that Aunt Catherine forced mo to rojoot him. Don't cvor think, Gladys my dear," speaking . very tendorly, "that the moBt romantio Burroundings can over roconcilo you to saying ' good-bye ' to one whom yon truly lovo. I shall novor forget Donzil, and if only I could soo him onco again, I could then dio happily." " Nonsonso, lovo," said Gladys, putting nor arms round lior cousin, and kissing nor affectionately,." don't talk about dying m thia glorious weather ; lot's think of somothing happy and tyright, like tho auh- shino,. gathorfng all tho flowors into a big bunoli. ' Olaudo said ho'd bo down abont twelve, and take us both up the rivor fish- "J8- Yes, Trix, as you say, I'm a' lucky, girl, nnd, aftor hoaring your sad romauco, I don't thmk I shall ovor wont ono of my. own ; but," still, you must allow that povorty— mind, poverty without rags, I distinctly object to rags — povorty is so much moro romantio than having oil tho lnxurios of lifo and a fow ovor. " My dear Gladys, I trust you will always have thorn ; you woro mode for tho sunohino, I onn't imagino you with a great Borrow, or ovon a groat lovo, although doubtless you'll go through lifo qulto ro- spootably without olthor. ' This was said in a joking manner, bnt whon Beatrico saw tho rosobud month bo- ginning to pout and tho brown oyes fill with loots, sho drew hor aouain tenderly to hor side, and finishod In Quito a sorious mannor. " Gladys, dprling. whonover I look at your bright faco ana think of your happi ness, I always fcol so thankful you aro able to marry tlio first man yon over eared for, who is in ovory way worthy of you— you musn'tmind mo, doar. You willunder- stand now why I am sometimos sad and melancholy. 1 am going into tho houso ; shall X bring your hat, dear 1 " "Yes, orasunshado, or something to koop ono from boing burnt black as a orow," " That wouldn't bo at all romantic, would it, Glndy's J " " No," with a merry laugh, "not at all ; and I don't think Olaudo would like a blackamoor fora wifo, doar Trixy," watch ing the graceful figure till ahodiaappoarcd into the cottago. " Well, I don't wonder at tnon falling in lovo witli Beatrice, I should myself j it's qnito n delight to mo to natch her fsco, and I'm not a man, or I aupposo it would bo more ao. I'm qnito proud to bo hor cousin, nnd for pcoplo to protond tlmt thoy see a family likeness between us is certainly very amusing. X would do any thing in tho world for her — only I'm nwfully glad Olaudo didn't liko hor best, bocauso I don't think I could givo him up; Ovon to Beatrice. But," with a puzzled look, " if ho had liked hqr best, I don't supposo X should Imvo bad anything to do with it Well," with a shako of tho head, " I don't know anything about that all I know is, that it would break my hoart to part with him. Now, if lio had boon goor. I could havo provod my devotion But tho rcstof hor meditations woro out short by a hand boing laid over her oyes. With n jittlo shriek of pretended dismay, ' Gladys jumped up, scattering hor flowors, to right and loft. Hor faco lookod vory, rosy as sho hastily roloasod herself and stooped to pick tip the blossoms, exclaim ing in tragic ionca,— " Oh, Claudo, how you frightonod mo 1 " "Frightened you, sweetheart ? Why, what a clumsy brutal must bo. But thoro, novor mind those flowors, Ladybird, I'll tako good care nobody olso frightens you while I am hero." Ho took hor in his arms and bestowed a dozen kisses on her lips. His is a Btalwart figure, of six feot ono or two,- clad in tho lightest of twqed suits. His big blondo board and flaxon hair shono liko threads of gold in the Bpnshino. His blue eyesreBtod withdeoploveand admiration on tbo dainty figure lio held in Uis arms." After a fow minutes given to lovar-liko demonstration, ho seated himself on the grass bnneath tho shady trooj, and drew Gladys down by hia sido, possessing him self of ono small hand. " And now toll mo what you woro talk ing about whon I cnino." Gladys blushed a suddon fiory rod as oho recollected tho wish that was on Itor lips, " Talking 1 Was X talking? What did X say 1 " " Woll, I only heard part of a sontonoo, .it was this : ' X could havo provon my de votion bv — ' " " Oh;Tl with a qorvous" littlo laugb, "I supposo I was rohoarsing a spoooh for our private theatricals, Olauae." . " Private theatricals, indeed I Now look horo, Gladye," in a very mnatorful tono, "I won't liuvo you talking about your do- votion to any othor follow but mo. How do I know if you talk about it but what you may feel it, and then," lugubriously, " what is to becomo of mo ? No, no, swoot- hoart, talk as much about dovotion to riio as you please, X am oon'to as many con- fidoncos on that Bubjooc ns you liko to nako, so lire away, I'm ready." "Nonsonso, Olaudo, "said Gladys, laugh-, - ing in spite of liorsolf, " ns if ono could mako lovo to order, liko a dress, or a coat, or boots." . " Well, nonsonso ornot, private theatri cals aro tlio vory uisohiof. and put non sonso into girls' hoads, I liato all suoh- oxhibitions I " " But, Olaudo, you know its for a ohnrity, and you know—" " Charity bo hanged 1 Charity, should bogin at homo, nnd I boliove its vanity thatj-mnkes all you womoRso ready to ox- hibit yoursolvos to bo stared nt at so muoh ftho.td, under tlio guise of charity. You'd think it precious hard lines if you'd got to dci it for n living." "Now don't bo disagreoablo, You know Bontrico lies promised, and you know nil the places are bookod nt doublo prices to seo tlio lovoly Miss O.nnoron, tlio boauty of tho last throo Boasons, in all the latest confections that Worth has promised to sond for tho ocoasion — " "All woll nnd good, if Buatrioo Jikos to do it, and hor 'nunt, your mother I moan, soos no objection ; hut recollect you nro my property now," looking at hor with proud possession, written on ovory fontuqp of his handsomo, mnnly fnco. " And I won't havo othor follows staring at you, and talking about you— disouseing you ns if you woro a pioco of statuary, or, tho lust now picture. Now don't look oo" disappointed, darling ; I I can't boar to soo tlmt dow on my roso," kissing away tlio tears which rolled down her cliooks liko twin dinmonds. " Listen, Gladys, wo'H go for a long rido instead, right awny into tho gtorious country, nil alone, by our two solves, instead of boing shut in a oloso, stuffy room. Oh ,my darling,' in a low, tondor_ voico. drawing hor to him, " you can't think what pain it would bo to nvo to hoar my own littlo lovo discussed nt tho olubs ns I hoar eo many 1 other fellows' sistors and swoothcarts talked about. I think it would kill me, \ Glndy's, to find that you had ovor had a secret from mo. I know I should novor forgive you,- if I found you had decoived mo." Ho was, strangoly ngitatod and spoke strongly on so slight a causa, hnt Glady'e remembered for tho first timo sinco thoir ongagoment how sho had heard in tho oarly days of tlfoir acquaintance that Olaudo Meredith, buforo lio inherited his unclo's woalth, had boon jilted by a oor- tain lady, and how ho had only thon re turned from his long sojourn abroad. Sho, too, was quito in oarncst' whon bIio an- sworod him. " Doccivo you, Olaudo — why, how could I ? I lovo you too woll. Now, don't bo silly, sir. I ought to bo yory cros3 with you ; -you novor-lct mo havo my. own way — not a littlo bit." " Because X know you liko having my way beat — now confoss yon do ?" "I slmn't confess anything of tho kind," said Gladys, porvoreciy. "Ah, bnt I know you do," with a wise shako of tho head. " Well, of courso, if you know, tboro's no moro to bo said." "Whore'a Boatrico ?" ho lazily inquired, aftor a slight lovorliko pause. " Oli, Olaudo," sho continued, in a sor rowful littlo voico, "sho'o just boon tell ing mo tho vory saddest lovo story I ovor hoard ; nnd, what is saddor still, it is every bit true." " Hor own 2" queried Claudo, moro in terested in picking tho hits of moss from Gladys pink dress, than in oror so pathetic a story concerning her cousin. " Yes ; that's tno reason sho has novor married, and " — in an nwo- struck whispor —"sho novor intends to be, bccauso obo can't forgot D — " ' At this momont a loud r!n was heard, nt which Claudo jutnped quickly up from his lazy attitude, end heaved a bi" sigb, . " What a nuisanco 1 X forgot all about it, but I asked a follow to como down to- day nnd go fishing with us— you know dear, it must bo awfully dull for Beatrice to watch us spoon, and sho's Tory good to bo so little obtrusive, but yet alio must fool ite trap, at any rato I know sho is just ono too many, eo I thought I would got a follow to join as, and make a qnsrtotto instead of a trio, or rathor a couplo of duets — don't you think it is a good idea, pot ?" "Oh, capital 1 Only it's no good ; Beatrico will novor lorcyngain." " Well, at auy rato, Denzil will ontor- tain hor ; ho's the best follow in tho world — only camo baclc from India last week. I ran up against him jn Bond-street lest night ; wo wore delighted to moot again — wo usod to bo tlio greatest chums -in tho world, Donzil nnd L" "Donzil 1 What a protty uamo ; it sounds strangoly familiar, . murmured Gladys. " What's his othor namo 1" "Do Liato— Donzil do Lislo. Why, Gladys, what is tho matter 2 ' for Gladys had sprang to hor foot as if by an olcctric shook, and now stood looking, flushed and oagor, at her tall lovor. " What namo 2 Say it again, Olaudo," clutching at his arm as ho was turning asido. " Donbil do Lislo. Do youknowliiin J" — this lattor in quick, suspioious tones. " Why, how odd you look 1' " Do I ?" laughing nervously. " No, I don't knowJiim— I novo hoard tho natno —nothing moro. " " I don't understand j what do you mean 2" laying a dotaining hnnd on hor ohonldor. "Nothing," disengaging herself, "lot mo go ; I will bo back diroctly. I must toll Boatrico with whioh sorios of words, jerked out ono after the othor, she fairly took to hor heels and ran to the house, leaving Claudo looking aftor her in angry-ainazoment. Ho inado a atop to fallow her, but thought better of it, and took out his cigar caso, lit a fusoo, and triod tu quiot his impatience with tho soothing influonco of a picked Havana. Tho following son- toncos broko. from'him botwoon tho puffs of his cigar "I novor saw, Gladys so odd before. Now, if I woro a jealous kind of follow — I repeat, if X wore jealous," this last was very omphatioj accompanied by kicking a small pobblo into tho rivor, "I should swoar this wns somo ' old lovor of hors; but it can't- bo. I'll novor bolievo my Gladys, my littlo whito doro, could so de ceive mo, Horo he took a quick walk along tho. miniature terraoo whioh overhung tho rivor. "No, I don't boliovo it, and yot, how olso account for hor suddon agitation nt the inontionof Donzil'snnmo 2 it was that which so nffootod hor, I'll swoar— nil, horo comes tho. follow himself ; I'll taoklo him going to meothiin. " He's d 'uocd good-looking, quito one's boau ideal of an officer and a gontloman. Ah. my dear follow," ob tho. two men mot and oordinlty shook hnnds, " you'vo found us out. Tho girls will bo vory gind to son you. ' What a jolly day for a row, isn't It 2" "Yos, grand; but I'm afraid tho fish won't, bito ; tho sun's too bright." "Oh, tho fish are only an oxenso. Tboro's ono of tho prottiost girls in tho world to spoon. Oh, you ncodn't shake -your bond and try to look solomn ; wait till you'vo soon hor. I'm sure Mra. Con way—" Conwhy 1" intorruptod tho othor man quickly. " Did you say Conway ?" Olaudo's faco grow sun-.owhnt shadowed, as ho answored,— "Yes. Do you know hor V" "I know Mrs. Conway once— a vory pretty girl. Hns oho a daughter ?" " Oh, yos ; " ongorly. " Cludys is — " ' "That namo — it must ho tho same." Ho turned to Claudo and holding out his hand, said, "Do you know X havo scnrchod ovory whoro for that girl for tiio last two years, but liavo boon unable to hear of hor ? Lady Cuti|orino Xjonnox ie hor aunt." . , " Slio \vos— didn't you know tlmt bIio is dead 2 But, toll mo, old fellow, wlmtdo you know of Glndy'o ? Wlioro did you soo hor? Whon?" 'i£Sho is tlio only woman I ovor loved," rojoinod tho othor. "I lovo jior still, though 110(1, gpn knowo alio treated mo scandalously. " Wo woro ovbrywhero togotlior for a month. I followed hor liko hor own shadow ; oho smiled but on mo, though then X was poor and sho snubbod othora, men wiio were rioli and titlod — " "Gladys, aro you sure it wns Gladys Conway V" " Suro. Do X know my own faco in tho glass? Not bottor than I. know hors. Why, man, t|iough I havo not aoon hor for so long, put but a'penoil in my hand, and X will draw bar. faco, feature for fea ture, and lino for lino, as fair os it was faloo, Sho foolod mo to tlio £op of my bent, and I was mad enough to think sho loved mo, when in tlio Bpring sunsliino sho pressed hor lips to mino and toldmcritlmt nothing bat death should part us ; nnd thon tlmt vory ovoning to writo tho orucl words Bho did, saying sho was already plodgod to Hugo Banksido, that I must forgot hor ; wo had been very foolish, but it was ossonjinl that sho- should mnkon wealthy, mnrrinjjo, I cursod hor in my henrt, nnd left London- that night, England . tlio noxt wool;, ancl only returned from India tho day bnforo I mot you in Bond Street. I hnd just learned that Banksido is still uiimarriod, and I made up my mind that I would search for Gladys and honr tlio' explanation of tlio scorning mystery from hor lips alono ; and now you tell mo that sho is horo, and still unmarried. Oh, I shall go mad with joy, at tho thought of seeing nor so soqm with tho hopo that yot sho may bo mirifP Ah, I felt oho could novcr have been so cruol, so falso. I always know tiioro must linvo boon somo strango mistnko, aomo — " " Yes, as you say, thoro had been somo m'atako, but you must oxousomo — so sorry — juBt recollect a most important engage- mout— you will unit horo and soo hor. Gladys, .Miss 'Conway — givo Hint to hor, I must bo off at onco. During theso disjointed sentences, Claudo had scribbled a fow linos iu his nockoi-liook ' nnd ' thon torn out tho leaf ; lio hurriedly folded ami handed it to Major do Lislo, who observed, for tho first timo, tho cxcocding pallor of his face. "Are you ill, old mnn? You look ns if you had soon a ghost." "No, nil right, thanks, it's only tho shadow from tlio trees;" with a faint laugh ;" sob you again ooon. . Good- by." And with quick, decided stops, ho wns gono. "Really, that is too go id of hint', to mnko himself scnrco liko this, good old follow, but I fancied from a word or two that ho dropped tho othor day, that I was to bo introriucod this morning to tlio future Mrs. Meredith, but I supposo X was mistaken. Well, I'm nwfully obliged to him, nnyhow, to givo mo a cbanco of see ing hor liko this. I wish sho would oomo, and yet, I droad to think of it, if I should bo mistaken again. Ah, ruy darling, I did not know how ontiroly I lovoil you till tho thought of sooing you again has so nnncrvod mo ; but I must not meet her with a gloomy faco. Ah, horo sho cornea !" And tlio strong man actually trembled with suppressed oxcitcinont, but tlio light footsteps ho hnd heard wns only Gladys, who felt slightly disconcerted to find a strangor thoro, nnd no sign of Claudo ivhnt- ovor. Sho advnncod, liowovor, in hor protty iluttoring way, and held out a tiny hand, which Major do Lislo took and cordially pressed, for nltliougli this was not tho rose, doubtless sho had boon near hor.. "Major do Lislo, I prosumo?" said Gladys, in hor bright young voico, and aB bIio spoke, sho could not .help thinking what a goodlymanthinlovorof horoousin's was; Ho wns tall and slight, with a woll- proportionod and well-built frame, which lookod remarkably onduring. Tho face was thaVof anion wholindthoughtnndsufforod; clear olivo skin, and waving dark brown hair, and heavy, drooping mustaoho, kindly, dopp brown oyos, that womon, littlo chil dren and animals always trusted nt first sight A oloar mellow voico replied to Glady's quosliou, whilst a Broiling light camo into hts dark oyes. " Yos, that is my name. I camo horo by Claudo Morcdilh'o invitation, and now as ho lias boon unoxpoctcdly ro-callod to town, I must intrcduco myself. Ho loft this noto for Miss Oonivay." Gladys looked os-ho folt, truly as tonished, buthcld outlier forliaudtholot- tar. ' Aftor a nrocoDtiblo hesitation it wan given to hor. Sho put it into hor pookot at oneo. " Olaudo gono— without saying good-by. How strnngo 1 You don't kriow mo. Major do Lisle, although you nro vory inintlinr with my nariie. I am Gladys Oouway, tho scoond." . He started porcoptibly. "Tho Gladys Conway you know is my oonsin, but you will novor soo hor more. Ah, forgivo mn," sorlously, "I did not- mean to- alarm you. You will boo niy cousin almost immediately, but under an other namo. Oh, how stupid I am I No, sho'ia not married, but has ohnngod-hor naino to Bontrico Cameron. It wns n fanoy of hor godfather's, who loft hor a largo fortuno on- that condition. Strango to say, sho told mo, only this morning, of hor friendship with you throo years ngp. Of courso, I do notknow your history, but I am quito sure," with a charming smilo, "that ono whom Gladys lovod must to worth loving." "Toil mo only ono thing; is Glndysstiil froo ?" ho pleaded. " As free as air — or rathor, I should say, as froo as p woman can bo who is bound up in a lovo story throo years old. Sho is moro lovely, moro loving aud moro lovod than over; but X am persuaded sho will novor innrry— that is, I moan," with a littlo questioning look at hor copipnnion, " sho will novor marry unless you ask hor again. X pm certain thoro must havo been some mistalco. Do you think I nslc in idlo curiosity, but for my cousin— for Gladys' sako — X ask you straightforwardly, ivhy you sont hor that oruol lottpr, and bog you to tell mo tho truth." , .Sho waited, in brcathlois silcuco, whilst a long sigh escaped him, but ho answored lior thon, with tlioso lionoat brown oyos looking earnestly into hor ton- dor ones. " Why, I could do no other, whon sho liorsolf wrote tlmt it was all a mistako, that X must forgot her, as ho was bolrothcd to Arthur Banksido, on account of his woalth nnd position. Wlint could I, tho poniiilcss subaltorn in nn oxponsivo tegi- inont, reply to suoh nn appcal 2 Could I hold lior to hor word so lightly givon, or ovon did I do so, would slio consent to bo so hold? It nlmost-broko my heart, nnd totally shattered by boliof in woman's dis- intoroslcdnoss. I loft London that night, and England as ooon ao I could mako tho oxohango. Can you fanoy -what foslingoof Tantalus I hod, whon tho first lcttors I re ceived from homo told mo of my ncccosion to wealth and estates of which till that moment I had novor dreamed," "But Bho— Glndys/Onovor . wroto that lo'tor you oponk of ; it miiBf linvo boon Aunt ICato— Mro.,Lonnox. .Yuu know sho was vory proud of Gladys in. a way, and lind determined alio should mnko tho host match of tlio soason ; but Dr. Banksido didn't proposo till tho dny after you loft town, and Gladys rofnaod him point blank thon', nnd has kopt on refusing him over sinco. Of courso, Aunt ICato was furious, and paokod hor off, thon and thoro, back to us, to tho old houso in Cornwall, where wo had lived all our lives, and continued to do so till two yoars ago, whon old Squire Camoron died, and loft hia god- dnughtor, Gladys Conway— your Gladys, you know — ton thousand a yoar, and his estate in Ayrshire, tho only proviso being that Gladys nhould tako tho namo of his moth'or — Boatrico — and add thereto Iris own natvonymio of Onmoron-; so that is tlio ivholo long story told in a fow words. I will loavo Trix to fill in tiio de tails; but now — aro you not dying to soo hor? Coiifu33now)"addoiXtliolight-hcnrtcd girl. ' "Yes, indeed I am ; and can I soo hor —no w— at onco 2" ' "Yos you nhan'tbo kopt wniling long, I will go nt onco and find Beatrico and sond hor to you, Will you como into tlio houso, or soo Boatrico horo ?" " Horo, if sho will como." "I nm suro sho will ; so, onco moro, nil despcrandum," nnd witli a happy laugb, tho girt disappeared. A more sorious look flitted across tho somowhnt sombre fnco of Mnjor do Lislo, nnd thi n a look of hopo camo into tho brown oyes, tho thoughts in his brnin woro too many to remain there unuttercd, arid camo forth in dreamy musings. Ill's musings woro brokon by a voico speaking just behind him— tho ono voico ill nil tho world to him. " Gladys told mo — Oh, Denzil 1 at last." Tho lattor portion of tho sontonco woa spokon iu his arms, with Iter head, ns ho had so often dreamed of it, on his breast. Ono passionate kiss, wherein all tho lovo and longing of years scorned to find expression, and alio lay quito still, with tho toars coursing down hor faco. In vain lio triod to kiss thomnnay; hut alio said to lut hor ircop, it did her good, Tho paroxysm of weeping soon spent it self, and Beatrico sinilcd up Into hor lover's faco. "Now tell mo," sho said, raising lior head a littlo from its rcsting-plnco, nnd clasping ono of his brown hands in hor two littlo whito ones. " Now toll me, Donzil, how did you find mo ? Whon did yuu como ? Why didn't you como before, 1 1 a-.-o wanted you so much." " My darling 2 nnd I yiu— all tho timo. Whon I rocoivod that noto from you—" " Nolo ! what noto? I novor wroto to you boforoyou wont away Denzil. AVhy should I 2 wo saw each othor every day. "Sco, darling, this letter, with your monogram on it. "I novor wroto it, Donzil— novcr," oho intorruptod. " But how was I to know that 2 I had novor soon your hand writing ovon." Oh, Donzil I And after I told you how I loved you 1" " Ah, ilcnrost lovo, I was mnd to doubt you ; but thoro can bo no truo lovo with- out- joalousy, and did I not know ovoryorie would onvy ino my poarl, my Uowor? Whon I rocoivod that cruol noto from you — as -I thon thought — I was stunned, broken-hearted, nndwontto India at onco, and havo boon tiioro till six weeks ago— whon X was invalided homo." " But my lettors, Donzil 1 You got thom surely 2" sho said. . , "Novor a lino, and' for a vory good reason. I loft striot ordors that no privato oorrospondenoo was to bo frownrded. All to bo burned without: tlip soals boing brokon." " Ah ! that would account for it, thon," returned Gladys. " Well, thank Hcavon, wo liavo mot at last; and all owing, indirectly, to. that good fellow, Olaudo Meredith, whom I met yostorday; in Bond strootl. Ho nskod mo to run down nnd go fishing to-day, anil ns' I was sick of my own society, I accepted tho invitation, littlo thinking X wns com- ing to nun my who r iviiu nnoiuor pas- sionnto ouibraco. Say, darling, is it not so — you will not malco mo wait long J" And Bontrico Cameron, who had 'riot a spico of coquotry in her nature ; lifted her swoot, shy oyos'to his face, whoreon shono a mixture of admiration, love and worship for tho slender figure ho held in his arms, nnd answored, — " When you will, Donzil, X am ready." It is needless to say ho thankod hor in lover's fashion, and, nfteva short but bliss ful pauso, sho said,- — , "But whoro is Olaudo, and why is ho gono.off in suoh a hurry.i" " Ho suddenly rocollcotod somo very important businoss in town ; at least, that was his excuso. But my own opinion, is that, liko a ' good follow, ho wantod to leave tho coast oloar for mo to, oxplnin matters to you. Ho gnvo mo a noto for Miss Conway, which ho hastily scribbled in hispookct-boolc, and then tore tho leaf out. Naturally I thought ho meant yau, novor dreaming tlmt there could bo another Mies Conway in tho world, and neither can thoro bo such another ono my darling." ".Silly follow 1" rejoined Bontrico, tho rosy blushes mantling hor fair faco, nnd tho-lovo-light doopening in hor dark gray oyos j thou, os a suddon thought struck hor, " blit toll mo, did you mention my name — say anything nbout our former mooting ?" " I boliovo I did toll him of our former rolntious, but — " "Tlion ho thinks of courso, it was Gladys," alio intorruptod, quickly ; " my cousin, tho gill you saw just now— nnd ho has gono off in n joalous huff. Thoy nro only just engaged, and nro as happy ns piissjblo ; inilccd, X think hi? only fault is that'ho has a very jealous nature, and I'vo hoard him toll Glndy's sovcrnl times he'd novor forgive hor if. lio fouud sho hnd kept a socrot from him. Silly, joalous fellow I M'liy, Gladys loves him with all her hoart, and I don't belicvo sho could keopa secret for lmlf nn hour, poor little darfiiig ; no -doubt shu is breaking her lioiirt ovor the mutter, somowhoro. What is to bo done, Donzil 2" "Whoro do you think ho's gono? I'd bottor go and explain things to him, and bring him hank I' said Donzil. "I've no idon, but you might go to the station, it isn't far, and ho's suro to go up to town by train ; at least X should imagine so. Wo must not lot this lio a second edition of our story, Donzil, must we 2" liostling closor to him. - _ "No, indood, iriy diirling," ho said, onco more taking hor in his arms ; "your cousin looks but a frail little mortal, although Bho'aso bright. HoroBho comes, poor child, looking . distrosse'd enough 1 you'll comfort lior, whilst I try to find thb runaway. I wonjt bo gono long, dor- ling." . \- "Ah, Donzil, liow'swcot it, 13 to have you ngnin to conlido my troubles to 1" "Yes, indeed, swoothonrt ; wo havo much to bp thankful for ; hut X trust, my pot, you will linvo fow sorrows and many joys to toll 1110 of in tho future," \- Anyhow, doar, wo shall hoar thom to gether, I hopo." " Woll, I'm off now: An recoil'." . Arid lifting his hat to Gladys, who oamo insight at that momont, ho hastily loft tho gardon on his way to tho Btation, Gladys camo quickly towards hor cousin ; sho was looking palo rind agitated, nnd thoro woro teardrops still glistening' on tho long eyolnshes. Slio held a noto toward Boatrico, looking nt hor pitoously wliilo sho rend it. "Wlmt does it, moan, Boatrico 2". alio said. Tho noto road as follows : — "I Iesvo yoa forever, I should niirer lisre behoved your apparently open and cbild-liko ?sturo could so litre decoived ono who trusted you so implicitly. If yon had oqly told mo of your love for Denzil do I, tile, I would havo dono everything In my powar to bring yon together. As It it, fsto has boon kind and hronght him here. I will not reproach yon with a unglo'word. All I say fa, may yon bo happior than yon deserve to bo. " CUUOB." " What does it all mean, Trix 2 What havo I dono ? How havo.I docoivcd him 2 What can ho mean ?" sbo moaned. (7o be continued.) 