Chapter XII.— The Process. a mem sea, a oecaimea vessel, and two men lying on its deck smoking. ' I have not yet made up my mind,' said Heinsicht. BIundelL — ' You mean to make it up before you die, I suppose ?' 'I suppose, yes.' ' Otherwise you will have to make it up pretty sharp afterwards.' *' Bah ! there is no creed in heaven.' 'Don't trouble yourself as to what there is in heaven, my friend, — you won't be there. ' TeufiU! What you mean ?' exclaimed the German, angrily. 'That's about it. Ask him. Hell tell you. Oo you imagine he means to let you oft after you have had all your share of Ithe bargain ? Nothing of the sort. All you have to do is to go on the way you're going, and you will walk to the devil as straight as any fellow ever did in this world.' 'Yon English !' broke out the German, passionately. ' That is so like you, with yonr cold-hearted, steeff, supercilioss speech ! You have no minds, no— no perception ; you are as hard and dry as these boards. This is right, and that is wrong ; and this you must do, or you must not do. You always want|todominate. It is a crime, a — a wickedness to think for one's self. In Germany we say, I go my way. you go yours ; both are good ; we will meet at the end. Here it is, if you go not my way, you go to the deviL I bate this narrow, this thin talk. It is only for a woman, who will do what her priest tells her. I would not make my life like Tours for great words. I would sooner be dead.' ' I did not mean to offend you, Heinsicht ; we are both saying what we think, you know.' ' You do not think, that is it. Yon are saying what is told you ; what you think too post say. And why ? Because you have been ill ; you have had the— what is it ?— the night mare. You wiil get belter ; you will shake it off. Who would be frightened into belitving what his reuon refuses ? That is childish.' ??Ibtfawjroa »r» righti Mrnaaonfcu certainly not had much voice in the matter.11 ] _ ' Why,' continued Heinsicht, pursuing his his a j vantage. ' Listen to this. Look upon me. In Germany I am a very good Lutheran : in Italy I am a Catholic ; here I am anything. I meet with very good people, very nice peo people. I enjoy my life. I take all that is good, and trouble myself not more. But you, you are sombre, misantrofie, miserable. You take no wine, no beer ; you go to no little parties ; you have no books, no pictures, and you make yourself as unhappy as you can. You tell me I am to go to the devil. I say, you have gone to the devil already.' ' Humph !' said Blundell, thoughtfully. After a pause, he added, ' Heinsicht, did you ever see a man die ?' 'If I had not,' replied his companion, ' that would be a strange thing. Seen it ? Yes. Once, twice, hnndreds of times.' ' In the war, I suppose ; but I mean in cold blood.' ' Yes, I tell you, yes. What then ?' ' When your turn might be the next ?' ' And this,'said Heinsicht, with immeasurable contempt — ' this is what a man comes to when he if aff— raid ! This is what has taken the life — the — the ghost out of a man thirty years of age ? He has had one little sight of danger, and he runs- away from all his friends ? ' ** Confound you !' ' Ah ! take care. £You must not say the naughty words. They are bad, ve-rie bad. You must take care, for you have your salva tion to accomplish. Are you sure now, quite sure, Blondell, that the little smoke, the cigar, does not make all wrong ? You had given it up a month ago, you know.' ' What has that fool been jabbering about now ?' inquired Chaworth, with a glance at his friend's face, as he met him turning away. ' He grows to be a nuisance.' ' I am the fool to let him jabber.' '? Are you going below ?' ' Yes.' ' You have been at it again,'said Chaworth, seating himself in the vacant place, with a look oi displeasure ; *' you know the sort of temper he has, and yon haven't the sense to lei him alone. What is the use of going about making yourselt disagreeable ?' 'It's so confoundedly unpleasant to be ilways baring you two fighting,' continued Chaworth. ' If there's one thing I hate, it is to be with fellows who are always putting each other's backs up.' ' I say nothing. It is not my fault.' ' You have the most infernal way of saying nothing that evrr man had. What is it about now ?' ** Oh, we talk,' said Heinsicht, compla cently ; ' we talk, and compare. I give him a little of what you call chaff, and he does not like it. He is difficult to please. But listen' — here puffed out a long stream oi vapour be fore proceeding — ?' listen, Chaworth ; it is all to the good. To-day he is angry, to-ra'-rrow he is sorry ; again he is angry, and again sorry. Through it all the words remain. He is coming to himself.' As usual, the quarrel was patched up, and and the three continued together, cruising among the Northern islands of the west coast, until the lat;r end of October, when a long spell of bad weather made them begin to weary of the monotony of their life. ' Jack, what do you suppose those people at Gourloch think of me?' said Blundell, one day when he and his old friend were by them selves ; ' what do you suppose those people at Gourloch think of me ?' ' II is difficult to divine people's thoughts/' replied Jack ; 'I never can be sure of my own.' ' It was very bad, you know.' ' I can quite believe it.' '? It was the oddest thing your turning up just when you did. Five minutes later and I stood committed. Poor little thing 1 She was an uncommonly pretty girl, I can tell you.' ' You are not quite come to matrimony yet, old fellow. But, however, if you had cared io the least about it, yo-i could hardly have done belter. A Scotch moor for the autumn months would not be a bad thing — not by any means,' cocking his head sagaciously upon one side. ' If you think of it, we could cali on our way back. You left that open, you remember.' ' What should you say,' replied Blundell, with rather a foolish smile, 'if it proved to be the other one I went back to see ?' ' I should say,' replied Jack coolly, ' that it was very like you.'' ' Like me ! How ?' ' Knocking down your own schemes is an amusement you have been addicted to all your life.' ' There was no scheme in the matter. It wa* simply this — they came in my way, and I had nothing else to do. Going about by one's self without a soul to ? ' ?? Your own fault, all the same.' observed bis friend. 'Well,' assented Blundell, 'you know how it was.' ' I say.' he broke out, after a pause, ' you have not been talking about it to Heinsicht, have you ?' 'Who — I? I talk to a beastly German ! I say, let us get rid of him. He had too much again last night.' ' What did you bring him down upon us for ? I never could endure the brute.' ' Neither could I.' Chaworth knocked the ashes off his cigar. ' Let's kick him over board.' ' 111 tell you what. Jack. We'll leave the yacht to find her own way back to Southamp ton, and I will be off to Paris.' 'Done with you. And what about der Deutsche ?' ' You ship him ; I can't. Make up some excuse, and you and I will have our things packed, and be off to-morrow.' Accordingly, Blundetl was arranging bis papers in the saloon, with an open port manteau by his side, when ' Yaha I yahoo ! I thought it was a toad !' — came from the inner cabin ; and Jack, dancing out on bare toes, dangled into his face a soft shapeless mass, which he held suspended, apparently by the legs. ' What on earth have you got there ?' ' Here, take it !' cried the apparition. 'Get out !' responded .the other, drawing back, hastily. ' What is it ;' It was a dead rose — a rose which from pressure and want of air, had not shrivelled up, but was a sodden, discoloured pu:p. ' What is it, then ?' said Heinsicht, inquisi tively, the noise having drawn him from his re treat. As he spoke he stretched forward a nose, which was ugly with the obtrusive, aggressive ugliness which Germany alone is capable ot producing. A nose which had swept outward with a rush, and hesitated, before deciding upon the upward movement which it had finally adopted. What is then the toad?' said he. Blundell bad turned away, as if aonayed by the interruption. ' What a confounded row to make about nothing !' ' Where did you find it ?' continued Hein sicht, looking from one to other. ' It found me, I can tell you.' said Tack. ' I was going to bed, having nothing else to do, and in the dark I trod npon the beggar. Here, Ralph, it's for you.' ' Ah !' said Heinsicht, drawing in his breath, as a closer inspection revealed to him the nature of the supposed toad. ' I see now. It is a little rel-ic, a treasure. It has fallen into the wrong hands, Blundell. You must take it, and keep it. and wear it here — here,' touching his breath as he spoke. 'That is where a lady's tokens should be laid.' ' Who mentioned a lady?' said Blur.dc', keeping his temper with an evident effort. ' Hm jpoB new ma n* with a nm hi tnjr Dulton-hole ? I say, I have got a lot of work to do to-night ; just go ofl, and leave me alone, like good fellows.' It was past midnight ere the work was finished, and he went on deed for a breath of fresh air before turning in for the night. A scene of wild and solemn beauty awaited him there. They had anchored in a narrow basin whose waters were seldom ruffled, and whose depths of shade at this time rendered still more in tense, by the single broad stream of silver which shot across the opening. {TO BE CONTINUED.) No Medicine has had such a sale for curing indigestion, as Cross's Indigestion Drops, and certainly no proprietor of a medicine has received so many testimonials as to its curative properties. It is with pleasure we call atten tion to this fact, as there are so many sufferers, and in nearly every case it arises from inability to digest the lfood. If our readers have any doubt lo the vaue of the remedy we speak cf, let them read the list of testimonials in another part of this paper. SANDER & SONS' EUCALYPTI EX TRACT. — Under the distinguished patronage of His Majesty the King of Italy as per com munication made by the Minister for Foreign affairs, through the Consul-General for Italy at Melbourne, 14th March, 1878. Awarded Diploma at the Amsterdam Exhibition, 1 883 Acknowledged by Medical Clinics and Univer sities all over the Globe. There are imitations of Eucalypti Extract in the market, products of simple distillation, forming crude resinous oils. In order that that these crude oils may not be taken for our Pure Volatile Eucalypti Extract, which is re cognised by the medical divison of the Prus sian Government to be of perfectly pure origin, as per information forwarded to us through the Consul at Melbourne, 2nd March, 1878, we. state : — It is proved by tests made by the Medical Clinics of the Universites at Bonn and Griefs wald (Prussia), and reported by Dr, Shulz, Professor of Pharmacology at Bonn, and Pro Clinic at Griefswald, that only products that are saturated with oxygen and freed acids, re sinous and other substances, adherant to pri mary distilliation, will develop the sanative qualities proper to the plant. All crude oils, or so-called Eucalypti extracts, are to be classed according to the named authorities among the turpentines which are of insignifi cant medicinal value, find abandoned long since as an internal medicament. These crude oils or so-called Eucalypti Extracts, are de scribed — 1\. By their deficiency in pungent odor (which or product, the only genuine Eucalypti Extract, develops most freely through its surplus of oxygen). 2\. By their alcoholic, thin and mobile ap pearance, being reduced in specific denisty through the presence of acids. 3\. By their taste, the result of the con tracting tendency of resins and tanats. If these crude oils, or so-called Eucalypti Extracts, are applied by mistake in cases of croup, bronchitis, diptheria, internal nliani mations, dysentery, &c;, the consequences are most appalling. For safety sake ask always for Sander & Sons' Eucalypti Extract, — Sand- hurst, Victoria, Australia.— SANDER AND SONS. A DANGEROUS CASE. ... Rochester, June i, 1886. ' Ten Years ago I was attacked with the most Intense and deadly pa»'g in my back and — Kidneys. ' Extending to the end of my toes and to my brain ! ' Which made me delirious ! ' From apony. ' It took three men to hold me on my bed at times ! ' The doctors tried in vain to relieve me, but to no purpurse. Morphine and other Opiates ! ' Had no effeel 1 ** After two months I war given up to die j ' When iny wife beard a neighbour tell whal Dr. Soule's American Hop Hitlers had done. The first dose eased my brain and seemed to go hunting through my system for the pain. 'The second dose eased me so much that I slept Aro hours, something I had not done for two months. Be fore I bad used five botrjes, I was well and at work as hard as any man could, for over three weeks ; but I worked too hard for my strength, and taking a hard cold, I was taken with the most acute and painful rheu matism all through my system that ever was known. ' I called the doctors again, and after several weeks they left me a cripple on crutches, for life, as they said. I met a friend and told him my- case, and he said Dr. Soule's American Hop Bitters had cured him and would cure me. I poohed at him, but he was so earnest I was induced to use them again. ** In less than four weeks I threw away my crutches and went to work lightly and kept on using the bitters for five weeks, nnnl I became as well as any man living, and have been so for six years since. *? It has also cured my wife, who has been sick for years, and has kept her and my chil dren well and healthy with from two to three Iwttles Der vear. There is no need to be sirk at all if these bitters are used. ' J. J. Berk. Ex-Superviser. ' That poor invalid wife. ' Sis'er ! 'Mother! ' Or daughter ! ' Can be made the picture of health ! ' with a few bottles of Dr. Soule's Ameri can Hop Bitters ! ' Will you let them suffer ?' *3'None genuine without a bunch of green hops on the white label, and Dr. Soule's name blown in the bottle. Beware of all the vile poisonous stuff made to imitate the above. 