RUNNING GHuSTd TO EARTH,. (rIn rrOS cOnLOrE.) Tackling spirits, seizing apparitions by r the throat, nailing hallcinations, peering into haunted bonses. and bearding spooks I it their dens, experimenting with thought I raeiference end mesmerism, nod in general monkeyoing with all the nfatbhtable t mysteries of the humran soul- hIbis Is the unique occupatiaon of a body of learned men t called the American Sociely for Psychiual I Research., In a back room of a modest-looking hoouse in Bloyteston place is the headquarters i of the eocie'yi secretary, RIchard Hodgson, LLD. In this simple room, filled with books, pamphlets, and clroalars, eits the t man who hopes that his efforts will ad in s solving the riddle that all the sages of all toe nstlons have given up in vain-the "riddle of the painful ecrth." He hopes F not many years will elapseo ere atll factory answers can be giren to these world-old questions: What is mind! WhaO is the soul! Is it immortal! \VWht is life andt what Is deatsh! He hopes that Nature's eupremest secrets will be wrung by force e trom her bosom, and marvellous revelation s will be made to makind. And this know ledge will not be the result cf any arguments or of I eautoiflly conetrlct:d theorfer, bout of hard frozen faeos. Dr Hodgson is an Englishman, about thirty seven years old, a graduate ct Cam bridge University, a profoundly learnerd scholar, a-d a levcel.headcd man of much h sound common prsen. He is an en heiate, d and is devoted, hears oand soul. to iae work6 of tho Acrican Sociity for l'.ychical Re search. He certlinly doesn't look like a d man who hoboobs with ghosts, and is on d speaking terms with spirle. In his clerical work, whith inclodes avastcorrespoodenre, he is aided by a good, rchust-lookiog bondo appar lion. Sie is also young and quite pretty. q o anomechl idis:aelct olat:ranoce, I which scudel aloeg at ab ut tweony-two knots an hour, Dr Hodgson told the writer d bmen the work of the Society for Psychica l Research. Or ascietoy was foromed,' hbe sad. 'for n the porpons f mukiog so organioed and systematic attempt to Lnvestigate that dark border land cf human experience, and to a examine crilic.ly tihe phenuomena whicn are i1 not now exp:nianed by any satistactory ` theory. Sientdicf men of emineonce in all countries admae the possible existence of wbet the unedounted call gho.ts or spirits ; and forther, that one mindmay exert opona another a positive inluencs otherwise toan hr ugh the recogoied sensory channels.' SToat is, you mean to ray, doctor, thati if, for instance, you urn in Timburcon, and I in Oshkosh, I moy feel my mind noder anr influence emanating from yours, which thus e anihilatsr time and space: SExacely,' be replied. 'Aond cur societyt is endeavouring to collect from rcl.blc sources such facts, because if they are noes incontestably established they wid prove of t the highest importanc. aThe chief deparmenls of01 car work '. An examionation of the nature and extent of any influence which may be exerted biy one mind upon another in what is p-pnluarly called a npernatural way. .2 The stundy oi bypn tism and mes inerism, and the phenomena of clairvoyance. '3. An Inquiry as to the existence of re- I lations hitherto onrecogoised by sciaene bet. sen living orgy lams and msgonatic and glectrio fortes, and between living snd inanimate bodire. ', A carelu in iesIgation of and reports, testing no sroug testimony, of apparitions oncerrieg at the moment of death or olbther wise, and odi sturboances in hoonses reputed to be haunted. 5.. An inquiry into various alleged phyelcal phenomean, commonly called spiri'uallstio In arenordance herewith the research I work of oar society lis divided among flvee committees, all of whaih are presided over by men of unquestioned -billey, learning, ad fairness. Professor H P Rowditch, of Harvoard, is chairman of the Committee oen Treonghu Trunsferrncr; Professor Josiu' Royco of the Committee on Appraitlos and I Haunted Ha-es ; IC. B. Correy. a well known Bostonian, of the Committee on Hgypnoism; Dr W. N. Ballard, of Boston, f the Committee on aidlamistie Pneno-. loles; and Professor C S. tlinst, of Hir vard, of the Committee on Experinmental Pybholoagy 'Tbhat doesn't lack like a co'lec ion of cranks, does it! Our society is annlpored of men of all sorls of beliefs and no beliefs Some are Spiritrnalls's, some msterieliets, some theiets, and some agnostleics. but all intest on the discovery of the truth, not by argument and ratiocination, but along the Itines of lcontestable experienoce' 'Would ano ilquiry as toy o own per. sesol belief be impertinent, deo or ?' Well, I suppose, I shonud be probably entled a Spiritualist A number of years . go, when I was a student in Combs dre. England, I met a an, an utter stranger to me I have sedtioent canes for belerireg etht he knew notbing whasteve shone me or my pnst ifs. And yet this wsn told ne, with soea mlunteness of delail, ciream i seances and evenes which I knew every 2 m oe batsmyself to he ignorant of that I was forced to confes his miraculots Insight I When tee writer looked a little ircered Sones and ventured to interpose anso explan. bi of the phenomenon. the doctor I I interropted him and p oceeded tinTc mai, whom I met almost by acol I 4set, deeribtd to me with absollute idelity r to truth the peculiar manner of my con-in v t wnth in Ans rlla twelve yest pertoinu. ere I was then living. , te said he saw asy nouola peeseent with uo l the room, I her bes and t were sitting aloe taliing rjest asnyou and i are talking now. Re told t as of, '9W breish planks together rid of itle o btial t secrets that my onuis ed a had br essn ourselves. He deseribed with perfect troth, many intlgnifloast and yet enduring impresloons rmesed when I wasa - nyoth. In fact, my whole past Ille lay before him likeanopen book. il read my' inmost sool 'I was at the time, as assort of recreation,, investigating spiritualism, and from the number of iaude I had come aaorose you may imagine bow hard I was to conviane. But this experience was auflioient to over come my secpticilsm. 'Another incident of adiffereotcharaoter, however, which come within my personal knowledge, served to confirm my belief that mind acts upon mind indopendently of matter or of time and space. AnEnglish. lady of my acquaintance living is. Lendoa saw suddenly before her one afternoon the figore of her sister, clad in a sbroud, and with her hair cut close to her head. Tbhis eister was at the time on the voyage home from India. It aifterward prooved that on the very day and at the very hour when my lady friend saw tho apparition her sister died on board the vessel. She had had her hair cout off to send to her friends at home see a souvenir,' * Why do not a few such instances as these, if incontrovertibly roved, establish yonr :theory beyond al possibility of dou'et" 'Because,' replied Dr Hodgson, as be fillecd his pipe. ' we are reasoning from Istat to theories, and not vine versa. The more facte we hare the more solid .Is our foundation. That woold be a very treacherous structure whloh was placed only on one frail post. A theory of thought traonsferoence based on one or two. or even a hundred cases, however weUll attested, would have no value. The existence of one spirit apart from the body would not prove the existence of other spritr. The fulfilm n1 of one dream, the reality of one apparition, the verification of the premanoe' tion, might be called a coincildeoce, and the man who should attempt to build a theory on it would be justly ridiculed. But give us out of 10000 dreams, apparitions, or premonritlonos 1,000 which are verified, and the plea of mere ctlnidence no longtr holds.' * Da you anticipate satisfactory resllis from the socoley's tnvestigations ' 'Yen, personally, I can say that I do. Bat the work ie far from beleg completed. We have a vast amooount of evidence, buhot it is not yet eramined and sifted. A great deal of it is, of course, etterly worthless. The replies to our cireolars asking for personal exporlences are still comlog in, and II will be months before tangibhle results can he an nounced.' 'Do you consider the haunted house branch of the psychical business a dividend. paying one?' Tne enthuosineltia doctor gave the qur. - tioner a quizzical look,- drew three or foar staczato whiffs a: his pipe, and sasd r eNo. that seems to me the most unatlsfaetory part of our work, although several incon testable and unerplained facts have been gathered.' The Society for Psychiesl Itesearoh guards itagathered materials with great soeey. Its rich fund of fact. is not published anO1 they have been puesed open and thoroughly examined by the various committeees ervs then the names of those whocontribute their experiences are in no case Inrnished to the public. Amoog the following are some of bthe most alstounding facts on theo record: On l1t January, 1SSi, at 10 a.m., Mrs T., a lady living 'o a Western town, writes" to a member of Ccngreaes, the huseband of her daughter, in Washington. Dr Hodgeon has seen the original letter. This letter explains a telegram which Mrs T. had sentooly three I hours before, inquiriog about her danghtee's brallth The origios alof tbhis telegram has alto been seen by Dr Hodgeon, . The telegram reads: to Urn -,lieu's ofrssesanieeol' Vasbi Woash-Iag. UiOncisifNslliiesdnem, The sigeatore is the mothers name. Idea T.a lertter of explanation first says that ohs has been for some days anxious aboatoher daughter Nellie's health, although theoe had been no iliness of late. Letters from Washingtono bad bheed lacking for some days; he last oae had reparted the daughter as having just returned isom making fifteen cals, 'very tired, sed,, nearly frozen.' ' I waked.' says Mrs T., 'aess night between 1 and 1 o'clock, deeply impressed with the feeling that Nell needed me, I wanted to get up and send a telsegram. If 1 hal consuenlted or followed my owe is cllnatios. I wculd hare dressed and gone down to the ittiongroom.' Later, however,. Mrs. T. went to asleep again; but tIn the morning the vivid impresslon returned. As 7 a, Mrs. T. snt tne telegram, and wrote apparcently bleloh she received an answer, tar in the margin of the letter is added the pcsteript : Telegram here; thank goodness you are well.' The lady in. Waoliogton, whose mother had hbad so vived an rexperience, had P seriously ill during the some nipt, althu.gh the morning had found her much be:tter. Her astack was a ery sudden one, which she described as ecuralgla of the, Ibngs. with a hard chitl. ' a mnust have been,' she says, ' about the hour mentioned in my mothers lletter that I at last exclaimed " On, don't I wish me was here I I ball send for her tomorrow if I am not better."' ' Inthe morning came the tdlegram fromo the Vest, but the patient was bester and she and her boeband w re puzled at tir mtheer's ounasinees. and replied by'l telegraph ' We ore sit well; whs is then matter yo Boton lady, whose positeion s an sbee lore guarontes of perfect good faiths wrote from H buborg.Germnany, On3rdJaOelaalr to her sister, who was at that time ito Boston:-'I very nearly wrote fromn thba Hague,' says the letter, to say that iewaR very thankitd when we hbed a *Ittr fron you on 18bth June saying that yen were well and happy. On the night of the 171h I had what I supposed to be a elta be mare; but Is all seemed no belong eayomanat to be a horrid pa in n youear hsad, s if' It' were being forcibly jammed mOo ani rea oeasque or some ouch ,ieasant instroenst of tort-re. The queer pert of it was y own dlaeo:iartlon fearn the par i and thei cuvilon .that its wa youras' Thirsfltw, woritten from Europe tic days after toes isgbtmnre. leave on room far sIopposi that ney now formgotten crrcepodsoauh bad' pasd meenowlets o is. dtheeefoes inlee esting n fend, on a binl made oht by a pro.' mioned Insfeno decist, under date of19thg Joee on Iat yenr, aon addressed to the husband ofthe ISa whom She loremtdeg letter war hcc inn, an idm fSar oCe anad ae. thi born' o mmrkn 1thJune. It itslso tntrhecrg to eiarn irem the ltady in q eAeton that this work ora performed for herset. ned was dens upon aeryr poinlo 011i fcc The disoomfort eoomedeng thearold ee Scotoinuled a s a doll pale for werme hosn an must bars been wsimtauemles with hfte a orer' a ghtimace. rn aly grotlhemn livird at hlbany nev fhre, t' for months- lia married doaug me Sraeided at Wercreatr. Os.e .nsolo last summer esh noddonly laid dawn the aook abs wa reading ard said to her husbando: 'I bhlieoe father is dying.' fho wie s trangely oeercomn by toe impreistce as i here had bern nottiug whatever in the coorersarion or in hof own theughts to lead to she si~jeet oi her lather's health, All than eveaisgl and cbs next morning the Sfei haneted her, unet1ai ·rspatt enese tr o ha e rhe had died the eveniag beforo. SA Lowelt phynlien· waaI enled -to seee aI palentnlraoos 10 oeocka ene eight. ,I sea Henrtreme ly dark, atd i tiicha~ng irona his ~ooreyaoee he msde a misetmep and sytnined hi. ,anhiesevrerely. le wles, cite was at hem. ,Inheel ulecp. atrddEtly awehes wlih the vivid impmreion Olent an accident bad to' ovtrei so her husband. She arceeaakenre~d -the servant, and eummcoiaated bar barS be ,Ihen', Nothing( eound induce her to return tO bed At I nealoekth bdoctor retorne~d. \- twos found that the momset oithea Olddnt ar~d of bin wire's awakhenie; wrer sinai' esrenao. He wan thres miles sway frbca boors at the time. C A yneng-lady ci Bssteuwa relePlina I, her~ uncle at Moetpelitr5 Vs. IeI had ba\ recently moved theme and eb, bad never d been in the Green Mountain 8'ale be CIl i~rs The - cly alter her heeittlt be t ook. her to a jrsweler's to see a gcrianer eb timepIec e whichhad has. ~~*sdebe aI codb u a;l.oW- aewspaper. This jeweller was " P:afi t tranger to both uncle and niece. neither having heard of him before. The gentle'a Introdnaced himself. and made known 'as arrad, and presented his nieoe. 'The jeweller, a very oarteous, affable man sctretchd cut hsle hand to sre young lady. Ne eyes caught sight of it, she turned pale. began to tremble, and did not take the jruffesed hand. On eIvieg the sore she vao to her onele, 'I coo.di n: shake handswith that man;tbere is boot on hit fingers. He is a murderer.' Her uncle tid~caled the idea, buot it was afterwards ieared that thirteean yers before the Jeweller bad been indicted for murder, atishoogh, owingto the breaklng down of a witness who at the 6ret earmioatica had told a strahtforward story, he hid eecaped onm ition. Mrs J., living in the suburth, had spent he norning aboppleg in Boston. Soe Isyl, I returned home by train jost in time to alt down with mny children to dirner. My joaogest, a snstrive, quick.wit'el little maiden of three yearsn, was one of the circle. Dinner had jlt ommorenced when I sod denly recollected an incident of the mornire shoppaing experience, which I meant t tell her, and I Iroked at tee child with the nfull intention of sayirg, ' Mames saw a big black dog in the store,' catching her el es in rire as I paused an blatan' before ep'skiog Joatthes comething called cff my attention. ad the sentence wat not attered. Two minutes later, img 'na mw unt nishment o bear my little girl exclaim, ' Mamma sw a big dog in a store.' Tes I did.' I grsped, but bow do you kn, " ' Wilh funny hair,' she added, calmly inerirg my questicn. 'What colour ws i, ?' 'Black. eow it was utterly impossible for the child to have been givel even the alightesrat hint of theincident aslwasalone in town,. and had not seen my children until I met them st the direer table. Hera is a narrative, rouched for by the highbet authority, of experience. In a honer some miles from Worcester. The man vo -sod It its a well known manufacturer, and hibe word Is as good as his hood, which would be-bonoured anywhere for 100.000dole. Hi wrte: :Iarelating what I saw on a July moo ticg in 1S3atmyhhonse, which I had hotrcenotly psurhased, I will first describe the room i whichIlsaw it It is abedroom, with a win. dow at either end, a doer anda fireplace at epposite sides. The room isIn the upper story of a two story hoae, said to hare been built before the revolution. The wall ar ce an asnally thick, and the roof high pointed and unseven. The occupants at ate time I speak of were my brother Henry, myself, and aservant woman, The latter slept in a room on the basement story. A hallw Jy divided my brother's room from mine On thbe lght before the morting above men tied I had locked my doer, and having undressed and put out my Ifgh'. I fell into a .onsd, dreamless sleep, I awakened about 3 o'clock in the mrenoing wit mny face to the front window. Opeceirg my eyes, I aer before me the figure of a woman stoop eg. dows, and apparently lookinlg at m-. Her head and onoldersn were wrapped in a common grey woollen obawL Ber ems were folded and wrapped in the shawl. I looked at her in my horror, and dared not cry out eInt I might move the awful thingto speech or action. I ay and lo ked, mad felt as if I should lose my reautor. Behiad her head I saw the window and the grawing dawn, the looking glass opon the atllettable, and the furniture in that part of the room. . 'After what may hare been oary a fee ssend-of the duration of this vision I cannot judge-she raised herseif and wen beakward soward the window, stool at tL toilet table sod gradeally rs, tsbed. I mes, she grew by Oegrees transparent, and that through the shawl and the grey dress Shre I saw the white mneslin of the tableover again, and at last aew only that in theb place where she had stood. Far hourn I lay as I bad lain on waking, non datirng even to tarn ny eyes, least on the other side of the bed I sho I" see her agat. eNow thran is one thing of which I mon d take my oath. sad that is that I did not mentaon this cdreamstance either to my brother or to car servant, or to any one sise. Eoately a fortnight afterward, when sitting at brearkfast, I noticed that my brother seemed cut of sorts and did not eat. On my asking if mayth ag was the matter, be replied, ' No; bout I've had a horrible aghtmare. Indeed,' hbe went on, 'It we, no nightmare. It was early this morning. jait as dlsactly enf Ilee you.' ' What' I alkd. 'A rllttafenewlirking bag.' he answered, 'with be head and arms wrapped na genyshawl. stooping over me and lookang ULk thbs. ilegtt up. folded air arms and Cut hien. eelf in the post-re I remem'ered eo well H. then denscribed bowthe fgnre moved toward the daoor and disapp'aeed. 'Her matero len face and her posture struck terror so my souL' 'A year later. In 'be month of July, ore ewenaog about 7 -'clck, any second eldest slaer and her two little children, who were vislileg us, were the on'y fo ke at home. 'The eldest child, a boy of fre year, wanted a drink of water, and on It..ing the dining room to fetch It my sister de'ired the children to remain there toil her rota n, bhe leaving the door open. Coming back as gqalkly as posible sha met the boy, pale ad tremtblirg on his way to her, sand se why he had left the ro"n. 'Oh.' he eed,.'who is that woman! Who is that wasau' ' Where? she asked. 'That ame.n who went up stairs,' be answere' te tried to convince him that there was no 'bassse'n the hoass, bat he was so agitated sad so eager to prove It that shs took his trermbling hand in hers and brought him aRtak, and west from one room to an oater, he -searching behind casins and -id beds, still maintaining that a woman did no up the stairs. My sister rightly thought that the mere fact of a woman galig up stain in a bras. where she was a asager.would not sccount for the cbild's tarar. A- esighbour of curs sairtcd when w fint told him what we had seea, and then aed if we had never heard that a yemen bd beeu murdered in that bo-re many yers prevenun to car perrihne of it He said it had the reputatina of hying hmsated. This was the first Inimation vi had oithe fact On the night of the 7th July, 1i56 I was wakeard from a sound sleep by some ons peakl close some. I ourond round, aay bg· EmUly, what is it!' thihineg that ny e, who slept is the rocm next to mine, adocme in. I saw plalaly the f cme of a 'dmSn,wbo deliberately and st'ently moved oiward the door, which remained -a I,ua I had left it. ~Tvo days after this occurrenoe I was wakened about 6 o'clock in the morning by a pj'sentiment of appranching evil. I opened say eyes, and dIstinctly saw the form of a. darhLy'clad, elderfy female bending over me Sfolded irms and glaring at me with the ot futene malignity I tried to arrear, aitrogaled to withdraw myself from hbr. vbon sire elowly and adeotly receded bach, wird, and reemed to vanish throagh the room door.' 