OUR COLONIAL DEFENCES. It would be a fatal mistake to believe with the prophets who are crying *' Pnace ! peace !" that the danger cf a great Europ< an war is remote. All the signs of the times are warnings of the near approach of the inevitable conflagration. Germany, Austria] and France have increased their armies; the Italian navy is collected in tbe Mediteiranean; Russia, besides stirring np strife in the Balkan provinces and in Afghanistan, is massing troops on the Hungarian frjntier and in Asia Minor; lurkty IB forming an immense military camp 30 miles from Constantinople— obviously for the defence of that city; and even Great Britain, most dilatory of Great Powers, is providing for re-arming her troops, for the mobilization of two army corps and the establishment of a third, and for the better protection of her ports. What steps are we in Australia taking to meet possible contingencies i For we must not shut oar ejes to the fact that any war which threatens the mother country threatens also her oolonies. Are we setting our house in order 1 If not, we should proccid with the work at once. We must not be satisfied with the protection of our coast line by the Pacific squadron, for this will have enough to do in resisting the attacks of foreign cruisers. Even for thiB work it is admittedly inadequate. The great strength of the -Russian fleet in close proximity to Australian shores, whose officers have personal acquaintance with the weak points in our plan of defence, is a standing menace to us, and this, be it remembered, is the fleet of one Power only. France and Germany can command the employment of improvised warships in the vessels of the subsidized Messageriea MaritimeB and Nord Deutcher Lloyd Companies, to say nothing of any special efforts that they may make. True, we might nope to more nearly equalize matters if we had the Auxiliary Squadron at our command, bat it is not likely that the enemies of the Empire would oblige us by waiting until these vessels came out before they began hostilities. The spirit of politeneBB which is alleged to have prompted a British regiment to say, "Gentlemen of the French Guard fire first," has gone from the world without leaving a ghost behind; now it is " God on the side of the biggest battalions who take advantage of their strength and opportunities, 1 '' and he who strikes first is likely to strike best. It is the height of folly for us to devote so small a share of attention to our naval defence. With proper gunboatB and an adequate torpedo service, we might hope to give a good account of any cruisers likely to visit us, but we have not these safeguards now, and they cannot be provided at a moment's notice. Our present naval defence failing, as it must almost inevitably fail, the question arises, How are our land forces prepared to meet attack ? 60 far as South Australia is concerned, the answer is not encouraging. There are forts at Largs Bay and Glanville, and there vrill be a fort at Glenelg. Unfortunate delays have postponed the establishment of this latter means of defence, and although i; will be superior in armament to the other forts, that will not be because of its exceptional efficiency, but because they are so eadiy lacking in the strength of their armaments. Are the authorities convinced that the guns which it is intended to place at Glenelg are of the kind best calculated to seive the purposes of defence ? If not, they should see that the proper guns are obtained. It is in these times no use having a cardboard fort, armed with popguns, to protect lives and property against the newest contrivances of destructive science. Our Permanent Force, well drilled and efficient though it may be, is small in numbers. Our Militia, with its 850 men, and 1.300 volnnteers on paper, are, we fully believe, animated to a man with the spirit of truest patriotism and self- sacrifice. But their drills have been reduced in number, their opportunities for improving themselves in musketry practice have been minimized, the supply of ammunition is rigidly circumscribed, and the field guns placed at the disposal of the artillery batteries are out of date and comparatively ineffective. Bcws and arrows are interesting weapons 3 so are boomerangs and waddies j but they are valueless for purposes of modern warfare. We might almost as well send tbe ladies and gentlemen of the Archery Club into the field, backing them up by natives, as risk the lives of our volunteers by exposing them with their antiquated means of defence and their imperfect discipline to the fire of trained soldiers armed with the latest European weapons Of couise we all know that the recent comparative neplect of the defence force is due to the bad times through which South Australia has passed. But the times have improved, as we all hope, permanently. Just, then, as the first duty of the man who has been oblige i by adversity to withhold the payment of premiums on his life insurance p alley is to pay up arrears and make good his relations with the Society,BO it is the pressing duty ol the colony to make good the deficiencies which have occurred and to pay particular heed to the insurance of a property which has increased in value. To resign one's life policy is to lose the premiums, which have already been paid, and it would in like manner be sheer folly on the part of a country to hesitate before applying part of its increased wealth to the protection of the balance aud the reparation of dcfects. Now is a good nme for starting. The Defence Force is commanded by an experienced officer, who possesses the implicit confidence of his men. The disturbed state of Europe points to the absolute necessity which exists for the better protection of our country, and, happily, tbe iucreasiug prosperity gives us the power of fulfilling this necessity. In connection with the naval defence one or two things are worthy of consideration. On Tuesday Mr. W. H. Smith gave notice in the House of Commons of a resolution which should form the basis cf a Bill for the establishment of the auxiliary Australian Squadron. This will be accompanied by the natural proviso that the Australian Colonies pay their quota of the coat of maintenance of the ships and men required. Readers will remember the satisfactory alacrity with which measures authorizing such payment were passed in moBt of the colonial Parliaments, and on the other hand they will not have failed to notice that tbe signs of the times in Queensland are adverse to the proposal. Much depends on the elections now proceeding in that colony. Jf, as seems probable from our telegrams to-day, Sir Thomas Mcllwraith, at the head of what he calls the National party, comes into power with a working majority, Queensland will not contribute to the expense of the squadron. Unfortunately the converse is not indisputable, for, even if Sir Samuel Griffith remains at the head of affairs, it is by no means certain that all the members of hiB party will share his strong convictions on the subject. The defection of Queensland would be deplorable indeed, but still it need not cause the abandonment of the plan. It would simply mfan that the subscribing colonies would be more heavily taxed, and there ie little doubt but that they would uhterfully make up between themselves the amount which Queensland should bave p?>d. On the day before Mr. Smith tabkd this notice in the House of Commons, Mr. Stanhope received a deputation urging upon him the need of taking immediate measures for the protection of the British colonies aud commerce. The reply oF the Secretary for V?ar is most itrstructivo. Whilst he told his v'titors that tht-re was no cause for p&ric; he also admitted to them the neces- sity of strengthening the coaling 'stations and their garrisons, and of accelerating the defensive steps promised by the Government. ThiB is precisely the spirit in which we urge the improvement of our local defences. We need not yield to a panic feeling—but we should look danger tquarely in the free and guard againBt it; we need not despair, even in view of alarming symptoms of war, of the continuance of peace—but meanwhile we thould keep our powder dry, and have plenty of it in store. 