THEATRICAL GOSSIP. —BijouTheatre. "The Squire." —Theatre Royal. " Hands Across the Sea." —Princess' Theatre. " La Mascotte." —Opera House. English and Italian Opera Company. —Alexandra Theatre. Dampier Company. —St. George's Hall. Cogills' Minstrels. —Victoria Hall. " All-Star" Novelty Company. —Lynch Family of Bellringers. Provinces. —"Waxworks. Special attractions. —Charlie Hugo's Co. at Mount Bischofli. -De Murska is in New York in Poverty. —Miss Dora Wiley at the Sydney Gaiety. —Clark returns from America next month. —Mr Stanfield is to have a big Brisbane attraction. —Mr. Holt will now disband bis company till Easter. —St. Maur's crowd have been doing pretty well in Hob art. —" Hands Across the Sea" goes to Sydney for Christmas. —The Donaldson Brothers are to re-appear in Mel" bourne shortly. -Biggs and MacMahon are fixing up a Gippsland tour for the holidays. —Phil Kirhy has vanished. That is, he has left Melbonrne for Sydney. -The London Olympic narrowly escaped destruction by fire a short time bacg. —In the big ifire at Broken Hill the local theatre narrowly escaped destruction. —Harry Friedman's English Company are also amongst the doing-wells in the Victorian provinces. —Oily Deering has thrown sharebroking, like physic, to the dogs, and is now with the triumvirate. —A Brisbane menagerie bolted a few' days ago. The tiger played up old Harry before he was captured. —Amongst the people coming out to Australia are the TudorB, the Dale Brothers and the Sillborn Family. —The cry is still they come. The Humpty Dumpty Pantomime crowd are on-their way here from 'Frisco. —Mr. C. F. Searle, pressman-actor, lecturer, &c.;, has turned up again in Melbourne, looking quite jovial and hearty. —A burlesque, "Mary Tanner," is being done in 'Frisco, with the only Leon in the title role. Cushman is not with tim now. —Cunard is in Melbourne. It is said that he intends settling down in New Zealand, where he will lease one of the local theatres. —Portion of the Spanish Students Company are tuningup the Gippsland people, and the Bellringers are doing the North-Eastern provinces. —With the exception of young Matthews (at present in Melbourne) the whole of the once popular family of clowns, acrobats, &c.;, are dead. % —Over 40,000 copies have already been sold of Haggard's "Mauva's Revenge" in the 2s. form, and "The Black Arrow " at 6s runs it close. -Up in Northern Queensland way some ladies of the ballet, whilst travelling, were overtaken by the floods and lost all their props. There! —The " Private Secretary," Mr. Frank Thornton, is at the Sydney Criterion. " Sweet Lavender " next, followed by Arnold in " Hans the Boatman." —The Hiscocks-Friedman party s arted out on Monday last for a provincial trip, under tne MacMahon management. George Lee is in advance. —A small company is to start out from Melbourne, opening in Warrnambool on the 26th for a season of seven nights, with the option of eight. —"No mouBtachios." Hem!*We'll next have "only russet-shoed, buff-booted actors need apply," and " walking-sticks and cigarettes indispensable." —Harry Pitt, the well-known mechanist of the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, after a long and painful illness, died last week at his residence, Fitzroy. Deceased was a general favourite. —There are so many crowds thinking of starting out just now that there is scarcely a pro. in our midst but what expects to have a Christmas dinner this year. Mouetachios vanishing. —Mr. and Mrs. Wilson Forbes (Miss Ada Lawrence) will leave ua early next year for America. Mr.*, intends casting around for a couple of pieces, and alter awhile returning to u& again. —Our Harry Emmet (the man of many opportunities) has not turned out the anticipated success in America. Latest reports state that Emmet is dyiDg in a New York hospital. —Mies Maggie Moore and Jimmy Williamson are "Struck Oiling'' in Sydney. Oily Deering (who has turned up sharebroking in Adelaide), Albert Norman and Dick Stewart the younger are in the cast. —A European Yankee Novelty Company is on the cards tor an early trip to Australia. Girlp listen to this. They cart around with them a complete ballet cordis. The crowd is known as " The Phoites." —Cecil Forrester will give bis entertainment, " Such is Life " at tbe Meobanics' Institute, Williamstown, on Tuesday, 4th December, under the patronage of the Mayor and Town Councillors (as per advertisement). —From Ballarat and the provinces we have glorious . tidings anent Hughes and Jinkins' Swiss warblers. The audiences have been large and enthusiastic, and the management have been compelled to start on Saturday matinees. —Inigo Tyrrell is doing well in New York. On the death of the late lamented General Gordon, an author, at tbe time in Melbourne, sent us up a gigantic poetical effusion labelled" Gordon's Toom." But there, this is tomb-much. —Albert Norman(late with theHolloways)is now serving under the banner of Williamson, Garner and MuBgrove. Albert accompanies the Sydney contingent, where "Struck Oil" is to be trump card. Noiman is a painstaking young actor, and should give a good account of himself. —Mr. Bob Vernon, at latest, was up Brisbane way, where, according to a private letter, he tumbled over a man of wealth. The M.O W. wanted Bob to trot a troupe up Northern Queensland. As Vernon is one of tbe " no-mousfcaehed " company (DarreJl's) this little event will not eome off. —Quite a crowd of little girls are to be seen of a morning now congregating round the Theatre .Royal stage door. Cotton looks supremely happy as he s-its on guard perusing the War Cry, and the little damsels flutter about filling up the doorway and throwing their shadows between the sun and Cotton's paper. —" Toole's Reminiscences " in the Sunday Times is at an end. and " Old Lamps for New," by Joe Hatton, replaces them. These are practically Mr Hatton's own autobiographical reminiscences, interspered by apropos anecdotes and otlier memoranda. Very soon there will be hardly an actor or novelist of note who has not " reminisced." —A young theatrical agent, who has been lounging about Melbourne out of collar for some time past, has buckled on his armour and tackled hard graft. This individual, tired of seeing no ghost walk of a Monday, and several landlords looming in the background, has donned moleskin unmentionables and become a labourer. Good lad. —The Lantern, speaking of Bland Holt's Co. in Adelaide, says :—'• Mrs. Walter Hill, as Aunt Crazy, the outcast, had the objectionable part entrusted to her care to which we have already referred. She was painfully true to life, both as regards her get-up and her impersonation of her part, which was probably the best acted character in the extremely long caste." — The Metropolitan Liedertafel give their one hundred and twenty-seventh concert in the Town Hall this evening (the first concert of tbe season"). Performances commence punctually at eight o'clock. Amongst the artists who have been engaged to assist the society are Miss Lillian Tree and Mdlle. La Blache (of Simonsen's Opera Company) and Signor Attilio Buzzi, together with our old favourite, Mr. Armes Beaumont. —The autobiographic craze which has seized so many leading actors and artists is now extending to tbe novelists and poets. Miss Braddon is the'latest who is engaged "reminiscing," and Algernon Charles Swinburn proposes to describe for our edification some of tbe leading incidents of his career. Miss Braddon'ja recollections should be interesting, especially if she details fully her early experiences as leading contributor to the London Journal. Old man Boucicault says:—" As an actor John Lester Wallack was essentially a comedian, light, airy, and refined in his method. The perfection of elegant extravagance, he was at his best in Young Marlowe, and Charles Courtley, in high comedy, and in such parts as Badger, in the " Streets of New York," of which character he' waB the original and only representative. The part has never been played since he left it." Ha 1 ha! where now are all our antipodean Badgers ? —The Lynch Family Bellringes, after a long and successful career in Melbourne, are now on tour through tbe northern portion of the colony. They opened at tho Mechanics' Institute, Trentham, and succeeded in attractingone of the largest audiences ever seen in the district. On Tuesday and Wednesday the Bellringers were announced for the Town Hall, Daylesford, and tbis evening they are to appear at Creswick. The new members of tbe company are very highly spoken of. —Tommy Hudson, wife, Ada Walker, Provo and party have arrived safely at Calcutta, and a very successful opening performance in the local Theatre Royal has taken place. The theatre is said to have been crowded to excess, and almost every item on tbe large pro gramme that was presented was encored. Asevidencing the extent of the attendance, it may be mentioned that the carriages in waiting outside the building formed a procession half a-mile in length. It is predicted tbat Mr. Hudson's Eeason in Calcutta will be highly remunerative and popular. —Mr. Advertisement Ashton has now made up his mind to have a shy at Sydney, and will in all probability run the two shows, Melbourne and Sydney, at the same time. The beautiful harbour city crowd are to tenant the 'cademy of Music, and will include, amongst other artists and artistesses, Misses Laura Roberts and Bella Perman, the skipping ropist; Collins, Sylvo, the juggler, balancer, &c.; Will Percy and Arthur Perman, and a host of others, not forgetting, by-the-way, Ted Glover, a jolly good man, and well worth a place in any show. We wish Harold every success. —Realism on the stage seldom reaches the point which is attained in the flight between Tom Basset (New York) and George Maitland(W. Eddinger)in " Phillip Hearne," at the Fifth Avenue Theatre, Mr. Wheelock punishes the betrayer of his sister, and in the flight, after hitting his opponent blows so hard as to be heard all over tbe theatre, lifts him bodily and dashes him to the ground, Tbe scene is so real that the most blase theatre-goer starts and is breathless. Aside from the intense interest which the play contains, this fight and unintentional murder is a singularly fine episode and picture. —MissjMinnie' Palmer is not to have itall her own sweet way, there being another Richmond in tbe field, an " American gal," Patti Rosa, a soubrette, at present in Liverpool with a piece called " Bob," that nightly fills the treasury with bobs, from which gentle fact it will be seen that birds of a feather, &c.; She is said to have saucy ways, a liberal supply of cheek. In addition to being able to sing and dance, she thrums the banjo, and altogether is said to have scored a decided hit. In the meantime " My Sweetheart," Minnie Palmer, continues to rake in the wealth in merrie England. —A Princess* patron complains in the papers of tho everlasting talk in the Theatre. In America (says Truth) when people object to the entertainment they go out. They don't hiss or howl; they vanish, and the players are left to act to empty benches. If a malcontent makes himself offensive to the majority he is quietly removed by the attendants. The chattering that is heard nightly in our stalls and boxes in England would not be tolerated for an instant in America. Out would go tbe turbulent pittite and tbe talkative stallite. The few are not permitted to disturb the many in that enlightened country. —An American paper, of course. "No," said the theatre manager, " I don't want any society favourites to play at my house this season. I had two last season, and there wasn't enough to pay for the gas in the house the four weeks they were here." " Yes," said the advance agent, " but this is a different kind. This one lives with her husband." "Great Scott I Why didn't you say that before, man ? Of course I'll bill her for two weeks this winter, and two next spring. If we get tbat fact about her living with her husband in the papers the house won't hold the people. I've been looking six months for a drawing novelty." —Mr. Milne has been doing "Hamlet" in Brisbane, writes our correspondent, and though the gentleman ie without doubt a gobd actor there is not " Milne's in it." Miss Louisfe Jordan made a fair Ophelia. As the Queen Miss Kate Douglas displayed great emotional power, and Mr. R. Vernon was a somewhat mild Polonius. Greville, jun., who has evidently made up his mind to follow in the footsteps of the old zaan, doubled the parts of the Ghost and the Gravedigger, and scored a distinct success in tbe latter. On the occasion of " Damon and Pythias " being put up, an old and popular Melbourne friend of yours figured in the bill, Mr. F. C. Appleton, who surprised us all by the splendid performance he treated us to. In addition to MessrB Milne and Appleton, the following lined up for the occasion and may be written down as successes:—Misses Douglas, Jordan, Jewett and Bob Vernon, and young Greville and Jimmy West. —The only Maccabe, Mdlle. Minnia and business manager and pianist Twinning are in Colombo. They are doing well, and the following letter is trotted out in all their little advertisements: —" Osborne-street, South Yarra, St. Valentine's Day, 1688. Dear Mr. Maccabe,—I had the pleasure of once more witnessing your amusing entertainment on Saturday evening last, and cannot refrain from complimenting you on the agreeable addition made thereto by Mdlle. Minnia, more especially in her representation of Scottish character. I think I have seen some of the best dancing in the world during the last half century, I have also acted as judge of it at our Caledonian Sports for upwards of thirty years, and must candidly confess that I have never si-en a more correct and gracefully dressed Scottish lady (divested as it is of all stage flourish). The style, steps and time are simply perfect. Wishing you increased success—I am, yours faithfully JAS. S. BUTTEBS, Ex-Mayor of Melbourne." An Australian artist, writing from America, thus unburdens himself in a Melbourne print:—"Poor Walter Keene, the comique, who only landed two weeks ahead of me—he made a dismal failure at the Orpheum on a one night trial. I -sang at the same piece, and bad the luck to catch on. Aftetmy third night I had an offer from , with whom Jennie Winston, of Melbourne fame, is the leading lady. I, however, occupied a thirty-six weeks' engagement with a rich professional manageress—who has several ranches,what : n Australia are called stations up country, or farms, and with this company I am now on tbe warpath. I have only lost one week since I landed. Walter Keene, the comiquo, is quite a favourite at the ' Bella Union ;' but oh, such a place I Even the Bailors are ashamed to, admit that they visit it. I have advised him to return to the colonies." Bravo, old party, But when you were in Melbourne, Walter Keene, also here at that time (and playing at the same house, too) had tbe luck to catch on, while you, dear boy, had a very long engagement out of collar. Probably Bomebody advised you to git, and vou got. -The New York Dramatic News says:—" On every hand the theatrical profession is doing all it can for the Jacksonville sufferers by yellow fever. Benefits are announced at the ^Lyceum, Dockstader's, iand other theatres in this city,' and as usual the profession comes forward nobly. Perhaps the most generous and striking act under the circumstances is the sending of a dozen or more trained nurses to Jacksonville by Mr. Harry Miner.That gentleman, as we understand the case,simply put his hand in his pocket and paid tbe expenses of these trained nurses, who have already arrived on the ground, and are reported as doing good work. Of another sort, is the performance of a young actreBS who calls herself Nadage Doree. This young woman has given it out, with a grand flourish of trumpets, that she is going to Jacksonville to nurse the sick, and tbat she has made her will in favour of the sufferers should she, herself, be overcome by tbe fever while employed in caring for her S atients. As MisB Doree has nothing to leave behind er, excepting a lawsuit against Mrs. Langtry, we do not quite see the advantage of tbis will business. Miss Doree is one of the moBt persistent press workers in tbe United States, and this last performance of hers in the way of getting free advertising seems to us to be supremely ridiculous. —About her new Worth clothes Mrs. Langtry says I have from fifty to sixty dresses for my new plays. You may imagine, therefore, tbat it is no easy job to remember exactly each dress. Indeed, I have not .seen them all, and a great many more 'creations' will be revealed to me next week in Paris. Among those I have seen so far these are the ones that have taken my fancy most, wy favourite is a Directoire style of dress. The skirt is made of white and black embroidery, which is copied from desigos in the museum in Lyons. Another remarkably beautiful coBtume is a ball dress. The bodice is white, crossed with a Bash like the Order of the Garter. I am to pin all my jewels on this sash. Number three, to my mind, in point of loveliness is an orchid dress, quite a novelty. It was designed from lovely, rich orchids. The most vaporous dress, as far as you can imagine, is made to imitate the delicate flower of pale Ophelia, mauve in the centre, growing darker and darker at its ends. Let me see again. I have two dresses of a peculiar striped velvet made very simply, after the style worn in Gainsborough's Mrs. Siddons in the national gallery. One is old blue and pink, the other pale blue and maize. Tea gowns are the things nowadays, to my mind, for the stage. They give freedom of action and are very adaptable to stage surroundings. Felix has made me tbe most lovely tea gowns. One particularly is remarkably pretty. It is in the empire style. The skirt is embroidered in all colours, and a deep jewelled belt goes around the waist. Another is a pale pink crepe de Chine. The train is attached to one Bhoulder and one hip. In another the back is of silver-grey brocaded plush, and the front is of white and silver silk gauze, embroidered in silver, and the train is embroidered with the darkest Russian sable. For a coat I have a novelty. It is of chamois leather-colour, embroidered ali over with gold and silver, opening over a waistcoat of silver fox fur. But you must not ask me about dresses until my next visit to Paris. What I have now are nothing to what are coming. During the next ten days I shall do nothing but try on, and it is very weary work." —Bland Holt has broken out afresh in Adelaide. He has been scoring in his " Golden Ladder," and Bland climbs up the golden stair witb considerable effect. The hero of the drama is the Rev. Frank Thornbill, a young and worthy missionary, and tbe heroine Lillian Grant, who becomes the wife of Frank. The commencement of their lives starts with an act of self-sacrifice, inasmuch as Lillian's father (John Grant) is ruined through his clerk (Michael Severn), and Frank foregoes the fortune to which his wife is entitled, and accepts a missionary station at Tamative, Madagascar, where Frank is driven, in spit* of himself, to espouse the native cause, owing to trickery. A number of French soldiers are poisoned by a native servant. Frank is accused, and about to be shot, when he is rescued by the timely arrival of one of H.M, ships, commanded by Captain Jackson. Frank returns to London to claim a mine, which b« is entitled to, lately become valuable, but in the meantime Severn, aided by Peranza (a Greek adventurer), has stolen the title deeds of tbe mine, and endeavours to effect a sale. Thornbill obtains an interview with them and tries to arrange a settlement, but they, with the assistance of Dixon (a forger), entice him from Mr. Peckaby's house, under a false pretence, to murder him, and having been beguiled to Hampsteaa Heath, he is stabbed by Severn. Recovering consciousness, a struggle ensues, when Lillian appears in search of her husband, and in the scuffle the pistol goes off. Severn accuses Lillian of an unlawful attempt on his life, for which she is tried, convicted and sentenced to Millbank Prison. Tbornhill arrives to see his wife and is allowed to speak to her only through the bars. Through tbe action of " Tbe Tearer," a fellow prisoner, Lillian effects' her escape, and finds her child almost dying. Ultimately the Rev. W. Stanley obtains her free pardon, and through v r. :Peckaby, Severn and his accomplices are arrested; Dixon turns Queen's evidence, and the curtain descends on a happy reunion, and the consequent " vanquishing of villainy." " The Golden Ladder " is just tbe sort of play to meet with public approval, inasmuch as it abounds in beautiful scenic pictures and good situations, tbe one in which the captain of the British man-of-war rescues Thornhill being quite the piece de resistance-of the play. Indeed, the discomfiture of the " darned mounseer," on being foiled in his attempt to arrest tbe English missionary, proved quite the signal for uproarious cheering, which was increased when tbe band struck up "Rule Britannia," and the audience immediately insisted on having all the principal performers before the curtain. 