The Miser's Legacy. ' He's come, Mr. Herman.' ' Come ? Come at last P Are you sure of it, Joe r' ' Sure as taxes,' said Joe Poppinger, with a confident nod of his head. ' He's taken that old stone house — the Haunted House, the neighbours call it— and he's moved into it, bag and baggage, which ain't much, by the way.' ' Any servants with him, Joer ' Only one— a crooked old woman— as threw a porringer of hot water over me when 1 came around to ax if 1 could be of any use. If they only owned -a black cat I'd have the whole kit and boodle of 'em up for witchcraft, 1 never did come across such a rum lot in all my life.' ' Did you see the old man yourself, Joe ?' ' See him, Mr. Herman ? I seen a bundle of old bones, tied round the middle, with a palm-leaf patterned dressing gown, and a flannel nightcap on his head, and I 'sposed likely there couldn't be two such outlandish old customers going. He was a runnin' in and out from the furniture cart like a crazy spider.' ' That will do, Joe. Here's a dollar for you.' '* Thank 'ee, sir. Much obliged to you, sir.' And the stable boy, who belonged to the inn, shambled away, grinning and pulling at the front of his cap, while Herman Franklyn leaned, whistling, against the pillar of the front piazza. So old Miner Molineux had arrived at last— the rich and eccentric relative — on the reversion of whose fortune, real or supposed, he had all his life been building aerial castles. At last ; and Herman resolved the very next day to call and pay his respects, although the old woman with the hot water did not add to the delights of contemplating this visit. 11 If I hadn't heard from his lawyer that he had taken a lease of the Stone House,' mused Mr. Franklyn, ' I certainly never should have buried myself in this outof the-way place awaiting his advent; and if I hadn't thought I could work into his good graces I never should have taken the trouble to hunt him up. Heigho ! Some times I think it would be easier to work for money than to inherit it.' And so the next day Mr. Franklyn called. Miner Molineux received him very coolly, sitting among his treasures, like Matins amid the ruins of Carthage. But Franklyn noticed that he kept one hand on the ring of a padlocked iron box beside him as he talked. ' Well, young man, and what do you want f ' he asked, impatiently, when the old woman, who evidently considered that Mr. Franklyn was no subject for the hot water treat ment, showed him in. ' To inquire after your health, Cousin Miner,' said the young man, smoothly. 'Humph: My health is well enough. Better than you wish it, I dare say.' 'Mydearsir ? ' ' But it will make no difference to you,' acidly went on the old man, still nervously fingering the linge of the iron box- ' I don't deny that I have a treasure to leave behind oie ? ' Herman Franklyn's eyes glistened, 'But it will be to those who consult my wishes more than you have done.' ?' But my dear cousin ? ' ' Words areall very welJ,' said the old miser, shrugging his shoulders, 'but deeds speak the loudest. You knew very well my aversion to matrimony— and yet you go and engage yourself to get married to a girl who hasn't a penny. Eh ? Don't you ?' in a rising inflection like a bark. 'And then, after coolly disregarding all mv wishes. you expect me to leave you this— this—' tapping, as he spoke, on the lid of the box. . ' 'But, Cousin Miner, if you wish me, I will certainly adapt myself to your opinions. I did not know that — '—' ' Stuff and nonsence !' yelled tha old man. ' What you knew ordidn't knew is perfoctly immaterial to me. Leave me to my bnoks and my wilting. That's all I ask of any man living.' So Mr. Frankkn went moodily away. | 'I must break my engagement,' said he to himself. ^ That's the first thing. What the second will be depends entirely on fate and fortune.' ***** Josie Hall was sitting in the farm-house kitchen, peel ing potatoes. She was a black-eyed, damask-cheeked girl, with velvety eve -brows, and around, red dot of a mouth; and in those dark eyes glistened a lis;bt half resentful, half anguish, as she looked straight at Herman Franklyn. 'I understand,' eaid sbe, 'you want to break tho engagement. Now that your rich uncle has come to the neighbourhood I am no ong* r worthy of you. 'It isn't that, Josie, believe me,' said Franklyn, twist ing himself about, with the signals of keen niortincatiou blazing on his cheek. ' But I think perhaps it would be I better for both of us ? ' I 'And I haven't the least doubt of it,' passionately in- 1 terrupted Josie. with heaving breast and quivering lips. j ' A thousand times better; for I value the love of no man [ who can leave me thus. Pray don't waste your time in I conjuring up any further excuses. They are quite un- I necessary- I wish you a very good morning.' I And she went on peeling her potatoes, while Herman I Franklyn crept out of the house, feeling very like a I whipped cur. I lor a day or two he felt heartily ashamed of himself, I but the reward— as at least he esteemed it— came at last. ' M r. Miner M olineux fell ill. Being ill, he wus frightened . I Being frightened he was solitary. And consequendy he I sent for his cousin Fianklyn, a thing- he never woiiM have I done in health. I 'You don't think I'm going to die, do you, Herman?' I he asked, tremulously. I 'Oh, there's no danger at all,' reassured the young man, I as the doctor had that morning said that the patient'* ?! spirits must be kept up at all hazards. I ' And you won't leave me ':' I ' Certainly not, if my presence can be any satisfaction lo I you,' responded the delighted fortune- seeker. I 'But that girl that you're engaged to,' grumbled Jlr. I Molineux ; ' she won't like it.' ~ I ' Do you think that I could persist in anything contrary I to your wishes 'i' reproachfully asked Herman Franklyn. I ' 'ihe engagement is broken.' I f' Good!' croaked the old m.in. 'Engagements area I humbug, in any event. Engagements to girls that haven't I anything are still worse. Cousin Franklyn, you've more I sense than I gave you credit for.' I Day by day Minor Molincus grew worse. On the fourth I afternoon he 6ent for a lawyer and made his will. On tho I fifth he became speechless. On the sixth he died. I ' My fortune is made now,' thought Herman, who had I listened fit the door during the interview with tho lawyer, I and heard directions given connecting his name with' tha I padlocked iron box, whereof the key hung around the dead 1 man's neck. And he felt that Josie had been well 1 sacrificed, m ? ♦ * * * E ' You wasn't at the funeral, eh '(' said Mrs. Pierce to I the Widow Hall, while Josie's needle Hew faster than ever I through the cambric she was hemming. I ' Well, no,' said the widow. ' I ain't partial to I funerals in general, and I didn't feel no special call to put 1 myself out to tee an old miser buried, that I never saw nor I spoke to while be was alive.' 1 ' A man can't be a miser without he's got money, can I her' said Mrs. Pierce. I ' I don't rightly know about that,' said Widow Hall. I ' But you don't mean to say that old Molineux had'nt I anything, after all 'r' ' I ' Nothing but a few sticks of furniture, and some rusty I coins as no decent storekeeper would give change for.' * I The widow's eyes shone through her spectacle glasses. I '?J.ando' massy!' said she. 'And what wus in the I irou box as everybody had so much to say about— the iron ? box as was willed to Herman Franklyn. I ' Just the sheets of paper as held a dictionary the oM B man had been writing all his diiys. Manuscript, (lie I lawyer called it, whatever that may be. He thought it ? was worth a deal of money, and he'd spent his all, hunting 9 up books as nobody but himself ever heard of, and tra- g veiling about the country to pick up information.' B 'Humph!' said the Widow Hall. 'And what did B young Franklyn say J' I ' I didn't sit near enough to him to rightly hear,' said fl Mrs. Pierce, ' but them as did tells mo he swore an awful ? oath when he saw what was in the box, and flung the B whole bundle on the back of the fire. I saw it blaze uu I myself.' ? 4- And was that all ?' asked Widow Hall. ? ' Thet was all,' responded her informant. ? ' I am glad of it !' cried out Josie, springing up with I sparkling' eyes. ' I never was so glad of anything in tny I life. He's served right for once.' * ? Mr. Franklyn culled the next day, meek and subdued. m If Josie had been a model heroine she would have thrown I both her arms around his neck and vowed that she loved K him belter than ever. But she wus only a very human ? little girl, so she stood up with dignity and said ; I M I wonder at your assurance in coming here, after all I that has transpired, Mr. Frnnklvn.' I 'But, Josie ? ' * ? ' There is the door, sir !' said Jasie. ' Please to walk ? out!' ? And there was nothing left for it but to ' walk out !' M Old Miner Molineux sleeps quietly in the vilhige grave- ? yard, and public rumour has added yet another ghost to H to tho spectral population of the Haunted House— a yellow- ? visaged old bogey, who wears a nig, and carries in hii ? hand a padlocked box. — A, M, flj ? ? ? *. I 