Sporting Gossip. f [BT THE VAGRANT.1 I Mr. H. J. Adams has disposed of his horses Otto and Drildool, the price, I understand, being Ü500 for the pair. The purchaser is Mr. Pell a well known Victorian sportsman. The son of The Tester is a good, honest, little colt, but he is no weight carrier, and a spell would do him a deal of good. Drildool has lately ripened into a fair hurdle horse, having secured two jumping raceB for Mr. Adams, and it was somewhat strange that he should fall on the first occasion on which his new owner put him at the illegitimate game. He came down at the second fence whilst the first obstacle turned the «ther Maitland representative, Turan ville, over. Although Maitland has lost two racehorses their places have been filled, as Mr. John Mayo has pur- chased Monte Christo and the two-year-old filly Our Jane, by Richmond out of Delamere. The grey is now six years old, and as he is sound and in very fair condition the 220 guineas paid for the son »f Chester and Kathleen cannot be considered an ex travagent price. The filly fetched G2 guineas. I understand that my old friend Johnny Moore is about to return to Maitland where he will follow his calling as a public trainer, and I would like to see him secure a stable full of good ones, for there is no doubt about Moore's ability to bring his charges to the post in good condition. At a saie of blood stock in Sydney a few days ago he secured the bay mare Curls, a four-year-old, by Gloucester out of Bohemian's dam Nina, for 29 guineas. By the way, there appears to be a good deal of doubt about the ownership of the Metropolitan ?winner Lamond. By different authorities he is said to belong to Mr. J. H. Want, to Mr. Harry Levien, to a priest, whilst Joe Cook, the trainer, who purchased him from Tom Lamond, avows that he has not parted with a hair in his tail, and does not intend to. Anyhow, whoever owns the little brown won a hatful of money on him in the Metiop., and disgorged some of it afterwards, for although he was started and backed in the Wycombe Stakes and Randwick Plate he could never get his head in front. Some people at once jumped to the conclu- sion that his win could be placed in the great category of flukes, and that if the pace was strong he woHld have been defeated ; but I would advise them not to be too hasty. In the Wycombe Stakes he carried 7st 2lb, or 121b more than he bad in the saddle in the Metrop., yet Ensign only beat him by a couple of lengths in 3m 4secs, much the best time ever seen in public over Randwick, and, when the increased weight ÍB considered, fully equal to 3.30 for the two miles. The other race in which the son of Newminster was beaten was only a farce, for Power and Young Dunhey out-generalled Hales and Fielder, and there was but little galloping in it. I am not going to be bluffed into the idea that Lamond is only a fair colt because Ensign put him down. Just the opposite. Mr. White's represen- tative has done everything asked him so far in brilliant style, and there is no telling how good he is. The son of Grandmaster and Formosa is not a big, gross fellow, but he is truly shaped, can get a distance, and with 6st 121b in the Caulfield Cup, and 6st 91b in the Melbourne Cup, he has an excellent chance of increasing the Squire of Kirlc ham's already heavy banking account. He has. a very good show, too, in the Derby ; but with the proviso that he does not carry the blue and white banner successfully there, and thus have his burden increased, then I think Ensign should win the great two mile event of our Victorian cousins. I am not a firm believer in the infallibility of the chronograph as a guide- to winners OD the turf, but it is a cer- tainty that time beats everything in the long run; it is a certainty that with 6 st. 9 lbs. in the saddle Ensign can break 2-29 on liis Randwick form, unless the last quarter of a mile should effectually stop him, and it is a greater certainty still that if he does he will beat every horse in the Cup that I know, and probably every horse that anyone else knows. Mr. Joseph Brown sustained a heavy loss a few days ago by the death of his horse The Rip. The gelding had been ailing for some time, and did not lie down in his box for ten days or nights. It is supposed his malady was inflammation arising from a severe cold. He was bred by the Hon. James White, and was a son of The Pontiff and Solent. He was only a fair performer, although thought a good deal of as a youngster. Mr. John Mayo brought The Queen, First Flaneur and old Ravensworth back to Maitland on Tuesday morning. The trio were in one box, and upon being removed from the train at East Mait- land it was discovered that the daughter of Black Swan had a large and ugly wound on her arm. Further examination disclosed the fact that there was blood on First Flaneur's teeth and jowl, and he must have evidently savaged his stable companion during the trip. It will be some time before the mare can be raced again. By the way it is said that her assailant was hurt slightly in the Hawkesbury Handicap, in which race he carne down ou to his knees, and this explains his indifferent position at the end of the battle. Now is the time and now is the hour when the gay and festive dreamer goes a dreaming. From Morpeth I learn that a gentleman there who never bet a " bob" on a race of any kind, and who has dreamed three Melbourne Cup winners right off the reel, has been on the job again, and as the result of his restless slumbers Thunder- bolt is going to land the Cup. He is now evi- dently struck with the idea that he is a turf guide of the highest order, and is going to risk "a fiver" on the son of Musket, which, strange to say, he never knew to be in the race. It is a pity for his own sake that he did not take the office sooner, ' and put a bit on each of his former dreams, for it is long odds that Dame Fortune has become dis- gusted with such an unimpressionable mortal and has given him the " wrong nod" before taking her night to more congenial quarters. I don't know how the Morpeth sleeper's prediction will turn out, but I can vouch for the fact that a Maitlander dreamt Touchstone ran second in the Rosehill Cup, and he bet and won a new hat about it. I guess he is a bit "narked" with Morpheus for not going the whole hog and putting him on to First Flaneur while he was about it, Then comes the strangest tale of all from Pyrmont, where a rich property holder in his dream saw The Queen win the Hawkesbury Handicap whilst Mr. Mayo's other representative (First Flaneur) stumbled and nearly fell at a certain stage of the race. As the matter made a great impression on his mind, and he could afford luxuries, he backed the Maitland mare to land him J30W and laid the trainer and rider a bit to nothing. The Queen certainly won, and the son of Grand Flaneur dipped on to his nose at the spot which the Pyrmont man's dream foretold, and which he pointed out before the start. That's the sort of man to have hanging round the premises to write tips for «porting papers. The committee of the A. J. C. has decided that they will not in future register a club which holds ira meetings on a course less than a mile and a .quarter round, and which has not been formed subject to their approval. What nonsense! The majority of provincial tracks do not exceed a mile and a furlong in circumference, while many are not over a mile, and they are quite as safe as the vaunted Randwick, Rosehill, or Canterbury tracks. Of course existing arrangements will not be interfered with, but it savors of oppression to tell a newly-formed club that it must do this and the other thing. There is certainly too much racing of an unimportant character in this and the adjoin- ing colony of Victoria, but if it is desired to keep it within bounds the leaders of the turf should go right to the root of the evil by distributing dates or some such method, and not go in for mere frivolous legislatien. ' i After seeing the figure cut by The Nun in tho Metropolitan Stakes, I left Randwick with the im- pression that the daughter of First King would win one of the minor handicaps before the curtain was lowered on the meeting. The mare ran too badly and too strangely for it to bo her true form, but her party copped out in a different way to what I, and I am sure they, expected. In the Sydney Handicap won by Invader on Thursday, The Nun and Lyndhurst started equal favourites, but neither had anything to do with the finish, and the mare ran so suspiciously that she, her owner Mr. M. S. McKenzie, and the rider Chris. Moore, were dis- qualified for life, and all wagers on her were declared off by Tattersall^. Now, there are two or three things about the affair which I consider positively unjust. Probably the mare was not allowed to try and win, and therefore it is quite proper that the persons who prevented her from doing so should be punished. On the face of it Moore is the first person to be dealt with, and the owner the second, if he were implicated in the disgraceful transaction. I suppose the committee were quite satisfied he was or he would not be penalised. But, with all due respect to the autocrats of the turf, I cannot see why a horse-in certain circumstances should be debarred from further racing, or all wagers on The Nun cried off. Mr. M'Kenzie has since advertised all his stock for sale. Is it not hard that if The Nun is genuinely sold to an honorable sportsman that he would be prevented from racing her ? It may be said that she will not now be purchased for that purpose. But I main- tain that if the sale is a genuine one the mare's new owner should be permitted to use her in any way he desires, and that would probably be by racing her as she is sound anda good animal. Her nomination should always be accepted when bona fide proof is given that her former party will be in no wise connected with her futuro career, and her entry could alway be accompanied by a statutory declaration to that effect. Now as to the point of the wager business : As a matter of illus- tration let us suppose that a bookmaker with a Ü1O0 volume laid the century to 14 about i Invader, and 100 to 40 about The Nun, and a few other wages against other horses. Is it fair to ask that man, who way have been totally ignorant of the hanky-panky business, to refund the ,¡640 he got in on The Nun after parting the ¿100 he laid against Invader ? If The Nun were out of the race his prices against Invaderandotherhorses would pro- bably have been muchshortor,andby the thoughtless action of Tattersalls it is likely that many innocent pencillers lost money which they could not afford, and when they otherwise might have won. It is a moral certainty that some of the ringmeu were in the swim, and had the mare safely tied up in their bags-as one method of stiffening is termed-and these are the gentry who should have suffered. It might have been difficult to prove their identity and connection, but a little enquiry would have sufficed to unearth them. Horse-racing is a funny thing to meddle with, and when a man makes up his mind to take a hand in it, he docs so with his eyes open, and should be pre- pared to tako all risks. Very often the bookmakers are compelled to go under when the struggle is not of the fairest description, and to tell the truth they do not squeal as much as backers whether they come out top or bottom. To clear the turf from all its impurities is as hard a task as Hercules had in cleansing the Augean Btable, but now that the A. J. C. have begun I hope that it will continue, and if it does take my word there will be a funeral from more establishments than one shortly. To make room for his late purchase Mr. Charles Baldwin has disposed of the imported thoroughl < ed stallion The Tester (sire of Otto, etc.), to Mr. M'Donald, of Cundletown, at a satisfactory price. Goldsbrough must be regarded as the most suc- cessful sire at the late A. J. C. meeting, for he sired Drilldool, the Derby winner Melos, and Keith. Grandmaster also had three races placed to his credit by Ensign and Invader, whilst his stud mate, Henchman, was to the fore once, Darebin's name was kept in remembrance in two events, whilst the somewhat neglected Kingsborough also sired two winners. Wycombe won three races for old Maribyrnong, and Westminster had a good representative in Lyndhurst. The Drummer, Newminster, Musket, Captivator, Chester, Long- bow, and Wellington each sired one winner. Notwithstanding the depressing influences of the strike, I expect to see a very fair attendance at the meeting of the popular Plattsburg and Wallsend Amateur Turf Club, which takes place to-day, but I hardly hope to see my coal- hewing friends play up their "quowns" and " 'arf-quowns " with the same energy and enthusiasm as of yore, when there was always a well stocked larder at home or the wherewithal to get it. How- ever it does nor come within my province to discuss agreements, seams, jorry, and the etceteras which caused the row, and I must stick to business. In the Flying Handicap my fancy is divided between Bargon, Melody, and Singleton Maid, and following old usuage perhaps the last named shall be first and the first shall be last of the three. The Welter Handicap will take a bit of picking, but I have a liking for Brandon and Bargon, and the former should about win. The big Handicap seems to be the best of good things for Ellerdale, whilst Whitethorn may be most dangerous. There are several in the Members' Handicap that I do not know, and I hardly care to hazard a prediction, but Miss Tug- gerah or ; Noreen should run well. The Farewell Handicap should be an open secret after the Flying Handicap has been discussed, but Melody, Singleton Maid, and Brandon appear to be best treated. The Newcastle Jockey Club's programme for its meeting on November 17 and 19 will be found in this issue. About £550 is given in prize money. manner of creatures mering in the r 3 in any biblia of the New Testament M as allowable " meats," instead of P1 ed al and bipedal foods, by what F j did any Italian bishops adjudge ^ mee " to be maintained by eating io animals of any kind? Gregory bin gave no such permission or directions (rib iah Austin ; and when, as manylwa ys affirm, that he and bis thirty-nine/Fa tho top of the I'"*. *vv *-r ho will turn his attention to b, "??Dce °£ »>£ c£"- ¿.aUy end i"-0 ¿aT ,." °y h,m> or °y t°e French \,U. . his days ig chaplain to>thfj QueBnof Krof Partíame^ hiln(elf hB8ted f Arle(j fc m^ It is re p ?> Elsí° Jtícernins sacrilege, the question put by kentish Austin to the Bornan Gregory sounds j comic :-" What punishment shall be in flicted by me, should any one be found taking anything from the church by stealth ?" The Saxons were not taught the decalogne; that ÍB evident enough ; and whether the King r»* Keafc had either prison, or nt«»1 *i'hé~l>ntar3wîAi:aaà lost a good mare in Fie Fie, dam of Derision, in a rather curious manner. She was galloping about a paddock when she trod on a stick which bounced up and entered her stomach. She died shortly afterwards. , Lonsdale's brother, Ringmaster, is now being trained in England by Mr. J. E. Savill, who gave between 600 and 700 guineas for the son of First King and Miss Tardley. He is only a small horse, but was a good ono out here when well, and if he can be prepared may win a big race or two for his owner, who trained the Assyrian for the Melbourne Cup of '82. It is reported that the Hon. James White will Bend his two colts to England next year by the Orizaba, to be prepared for the Derby and other classic races in which they are engaged. The result of the Kcmp-Hanlan sculling contest was what everyone but a few infatuated supporters of the effete Canadian expected and predicted. Hanlan has rowed seven matches in Australia with the following result : His first opponent was Elias Laycock, who had just recovered from a broken leg, and the meeting was simply arranged to advertise some Nepean property. Hanlan of coarse won. Thon he met Beach twice, and was beaten badly each time, bnt he put down the slow and un wieldly Tom Clifford after a very good race. Ho then went back to Canada, and on his return here had another go at Beach, with the inevitable result. Then a few Brisbane mugs found some money for Ned Trickett, who had been pulling long beers for years, and who weighed over 17st when he started training, to have a a cut at his old rival, and Hanlan went up and took it. He noxt bucked up twice against Peter Kemp, and was beaten as far as the Australian liked on both occasions. Still he is not satisfied, and says he was fouled in the last race, and did not afterwards try to win, and just to put himself right with his friends in America has issued a challenge to row Beach, who months ago positively asserted that he would in future row only for pleasure. He, however, will not take ¿500 to ¿250 and meet Searle. If his common sense was not over-balanced by his in- ordinate vanity ho should long ere this have discovered that the world is getting tired of Hanlan who is but the ghost of former times. Teemer may bo looked for speedily, but it is hard to see how a man whom Beach beat so easily on the Thames can hope to cope successfully with Kemp and Searle, who are at least as good as the Dapto blacksmith was on that eventful day. I am told that Mr. William Gannon has pur- chased the racehorse Theorist for something like ¿1000. Tt will not be pleasant news for the supporters of the New Zealand eolt Carbine to learn that after his exercise at Randwick on Wednesday he showed symptoms of lameness. 