*'* ' ?' ? ? *' ? '*t ? ' '. '? ' .',..,- ?,?' _ ~z~^m' GENERAL HEWS. The death of Mr. J. T. Dillon, Crown Prose cutor, is announced. ' Juice Fuller, of Illinois, has been appointed Chief Justice of the United States. It has been decided to call for tenders, in Sydney and Melbourne, for lighting the town of? Young with electricity. An anti-Chinese meeting in Melbourne strongly protested against the Chinese question being1 relegated to the Imperial authorities. At the Central Court on Tuesday Robert Bear,1 a bookseller, was fined ,£10 for selling an obsene publication. It has betn resolved to erect a marble bust of the late Dr. Hearn, M.L.C., in the Melbourne? University. Mr. W. P. Morgan, who has discovered gold in' North Wales, has been restrained from removing1 the saine at the instance cf the Crown. The Turkish Minister at Athens has been rej called in consequence of the strained relations between Turkey and Greece. It is stated that in Ireland absolution will be' refused to any person declining to renounce the National League. Intending exhibitors of machinery at the Mel bourne Centennial Exhibition are forwarding their goods to Melbourne by sailing ships. A young married woman named Mrs. Jones was nearly killed in Melbourne on Saturday by her husband firing at her with a revolver. Miss Amy Sherwin has concluded her New Zea* land tour. The season has been a brilliant sue^ cess, the receipts in Auckland for seven nights amounting to .£1000. The estimated population of Australia on December 31 last was 3,546,725 ; that of New South Wales, 1,042,919, and of Victoria; 1,036,118. The overland mail train from Melbourne to Sydney ran over a bullock on the line between Barnawatta and Wodonga last Friday. One of the carriages was thrown off the rails. It has been decided, in Melbourne, in order td perpetuate the memory of the late Dr. Hearn, td inaugurate a scholarship, to be called the ' Heara Scholarship.' During President Carnot's visit, the students at Toulouse fired upon a Boulangist mob, and the military had to be called out to quell a riot which, ensued. The new cruiser Orlando, which is to relieve H.M.S. Nelson on the Australian station, cannot yet be placed in commission in consequence of a delay in supplying her with guns. A bill providing for the raising of money for the completion of the Panama Canal by means of a State lottery has been passed by the French Chamber of Deputies. It is rumoured that if Bulgaria persists in de clining to remove Prince Ferdinand from the throne Russia and Greece will liberate Mace'» donia. \ The revolt in Roumania has been quelled, and the land owners who left their holdings in con sequence of the threatening attitude of the rebels are returning to their homes. Mn. Murray, son of the Hon. A. B. Murray, M.L.C., South Australia, has been °called to the English Bar by the Honourable Society of the Inner Temple. The Tin Syndicate in London has completely collapsed. Australian tin has fallen, and it is re* ported that the Society des Metaus has losfc .£200,000. Up to the present 56,183 square feet have bee applied for by 1465 exhibitors in the New South Wales court at the forthcoming Melbourne Inter national Exhibition. During a fire at Waipawa (N.Z.) on Sunday night two men named Odium and Finlayson were burnt to death, while two others only escaped by jumping out of the top windows. The a.s. Aberdeen, sailing for Shanghai, has on board 21 horses for the China market, including the racehorses Druid and Waltham. They have been shipped by Mr. T. Taylor, of Randwick. The first prize for the opening cantata for t_e Melbourne Exhibition was awarded to A. J. King || of Sydnsy, and the second to Leon Caron, also of if Sydney. . If A Melbourne syndicate has just completed m negotiations by which it secures a complete monC- r poly over all the kauri timber forests and sawmills 11 owned in Auckland. || At the Government laboratory, on Saturdays E| a number of rabbits were inoculated with dis- m eased microbes according to M. Pasteur's scheme, II but the experiment proved a failure, the animals p remaining alive and well. P During the past fortnight 109 eases of typhoid M fever have been reported to the Central Board of || Health, Melbourne, of which 20 were fatal. || During the same period there were 41 cases of is diphtheria, 23 having proved fatal. ' m The ship Smyrna, bound for Sydney with a general cargo, came into collision with the steamer Moto off the Isle of Wight on' Sunday night, and sank in a few minutes, twelve persons being drowned including, feiie captain. A la'rge meeting was held last Tuesday niglbfc, at the Lown Hall, to advocate legislative action as the only possible remedy for the evil of late Ij hours, and resolutions were passed in favour of M compulsory early closing. ' M The master of the steamer Gosford was fined at the Water Police Court on Tuesday 20a and 48s costs, and ordered to pay 5s for each 48 passengers that he carried to broken Bay in March last in excess of the steamer's licensed number of pas sengers. A crowded public meeting was held at the Melbourne Town Hall on Tuesday evening, to consider the present aspect of the Chinese ques tion. Resolutions were passed in favour of in creasing the poll tax to .£100, and of imposing a residential tax of .£20 a-year. M Hanlan is greatly surprised at Trickett's ac- fij tion in claiming the first deposit in connection Bj with the forthcoming Hanlan- Trickett match be- K cause the second deposit was not forwarded at the Bj exact time. If Trickett will not go on with the Bj match, Hanlan says ho will take legal action to It recover the .£250. M Some 220 ' unemployed' assembled in front of m the Houses of Parliament on Tuesday, and re- If quested an interview with tho Premier. Several h threats we made, some of the men being in favour m of forcibly entering tho Houses. They eventu- || ally, however, marched to the Queen's Statue, If and expressed their indignation in loud speeches. ft Mb. Salomons, Q.C., M.L.C., has returned to Sydney fromhis trip to Europe. \- A jetty will be (erected at Thursday Island, New Guinea at a cost of about .£5000. _ Three Russian Corps are advancing on the Austrian frontier. Trouble coming. Sir Henry Parkes says the Government intend to stop the influx of Chinese, ' come what may !' The total cost of wood-paving carried out by the Department of Works in the city up to the end of 1887 ^as .£120,591 5s 5d. One of the banners carried by the Sydney un employed on Tuesday was inscribed ' Away with John Davies.' It is stated that -£-10,000 has been offered for the Eleanora Gold-mining Company's lease, in the Hillgrove mining district. The Under-Secretary for Mines states that the Land Act does not permit a silver- mining lease being taken up on a leasehold area. A strict watch is being kept by the Customs officials in Melbourne to prevent the landing of Chinese from any of the ships in port. The Victorian Government have arranged that none of the Chinamen who arrived by the steamer Afghan are to land in Melbourne. At the half-yearly meeting of the Bank of New South Wales a dividend of 15 per cent, and a 'bonus of 2-J per cent, was declared. The Czar of Russia is reported to be remaining inactive pending the attitude to be taken by Germany in European affairs. The agitation in France in favour of General Boulanger is said to have been condemned by the Czar of Russia. The rabbits about Wilcannia have taken to the Bcrab bark for diet, and as this disagrees with them they are dying wholesale. Sir Henry Parkes fears that the Local Govern ment Bill°will have to be delayed until another session. Setebal of the rabbits inoculated with the disease germs of chicken cholera by M. Pasteur's representatives have given up the ghost. Hanlan's party say that their man is certain to win the race to-day (Saturday), but Beach says 'you can bet your old socks that Peter will first pass the winning post.' The Victorian Government are to consult as to : the means to be adopted to prevent grapes and vine cuttings being imported into that colony from New South Wales. The Rev. C. H. Spurgeon, who some months ago retired from the Baptist Union in London, has refused to accept the compromise lately offered by the Union to induce him to rejoin it. It was stated in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday that out of the 8000 Chinese who arrived here during the last three years-more than half had managed to evade the poll-tax. Mr. Stevenson, M.P., has declined to accept an address and testimonial from the electors of Wol lombi, stating that the honour of representing them ib sufficient. The profits of the Colonial Sugar-refining Company for the nine months ending March 31 amount to =£74,062. The total assets of the com pany are .£2,607,325. Great indignation is felt in Germany at two Prussian clergymen who prayed on Sunday that the Emperur Frederick might be speedily re leased from his sufferings. The Australian team of cricketers have com menced practice in England, and the Sportsman cautions English players against holding them too lightly. The Government have consented to call for fresh tenders for the construction in the colony of 50 railway locomotivea. Tenders musst be sent in during the next fortnight. One of the latest additions to the metropolitan list of trainers is W. Noud, who has recently en tered into possession of the Hawthorn stables, Randwick. To practically prohibit the landing of any more Chinese, the Victorian Government have proclaimed Singapore and Hongkong infected ports. The Government cabled to the Acting Agent General that they could not authorize him to pro mise, if absolutely required, that the colony would not go again on the market for 18 months or two years. The Forbes people have held a meeting, at which a resolution was carried demanding from .the Government a renewal of the supply of fire wood for the use of Public schools during the f winter months. The tender for the necessary additions to the Lands Office was, on Wednesday, formally ac cepted by the Minister for Works for .£98,499. The successful tender was the one snbmitfced by Messrs. Waine and Baldwin. Thr reversal of the forfeiture of Henry Bassing thwaighte's two conditional purchases selected at Braidwood in 1883 and 1884 took place last week at the instance of the applicant's agent, Mr. James Carroll, of Wentworth House, Sydney. A deputation from the Oxford-street Progress Association on Tuesday complained to the Premier of the existing tram nuisance. Sir Henry Paikes promised that Oxford-street would be among the first places considered when the new wire-tram service was introduced. The Victorian and New South Wales Govern ments have, at last decided to proceed with the erection of an iron bridge over the Murray at Tarrawonga and Mulorala. The bridge will be ?'.. 375 feet long and will cost .£9087. At a meeting of the Armidale Protection League on Wednesday night, it was resolved that a petition should be forwarded to Mr. Copeland, member for New England, setting forth the de plorable condition of the farmers in that dis trict. Bishop Barry, the Anglican Primate, left Sydney on Wednesday for London. A large number of friends assembled at the railway station, and in bidding ' good- bye' to the Bishop a general wish was expressed that he would Bpeedily return to the coiony. It is stated that the proprietors of the Evening News have instructed their aolicitors to isaue a writ against the proprietors of the Sydney Bulle tin, claiming .£10,000 damages for an alleged libel published in last week's isaue of the Bttllutih in an article entitled 'The Source of Crime.' The Executive Council has had under ito con sideration the caoe of John Creighen, alias Grace, who was at the recent Armidale Assize Court con victed on a charge of having murdered one Joseph Stapleton, and sentenced to death. The Execu tive decided that the death sentence should, be parried into effect. 