UP WITH THE BANNER. [ By ARCHIBALD G. BROWN. I 1 *. Thon hast ßlvcn a bannor to thom that fear Thoo, tha1* it may be dioplayod becauo«) of tho truth."-PSALM be., 4. Wo hnvo solootod a toxt whioh linn nil tho startling ring in it that a buglo noto ponnoaaoa ; and our doeiro ia that ovory hoart may respond to it, and, when this congrogation molti away, may ovory unit that oom poHoa it go with a moro dotorminod rosolvo that, God holping him, tho futuro shall he moro oonnooratod than tho paat. Wo havo-I. A hannor givon ; n hannor given in ordor to ho diaplaycd. I, I would nair, you first to vory oarofully osamino THE BANNER ITSELF. What ia tina atandard that God hay placed in the hands of Hia people aa a eaorod truBt? What lan guGgo oan ponnibly donoribo itii glory P Or what powor of imagination oan do juDtioo to tho wondroua omhlom that ia omblazonod in hoavonly colora upon ita noblo folds? I noed hardly toll you that tho hannor put into tho hando of God'aohurohio nono other than tho Gospel iteolf. Every dovioo in this banner ia acoording to hoavon'n tanto. Not a coroll, not a lino, not atint, not a motto in of man. No one part of thin onoign Ima boen loft haro and unadorned that human bando might fill in thoir ideal of boauty. From fringe^ to fringo it is all or God ; and weil it may DO, for tho whole of it bolongn to God. Though Johovah has givon ß banner to thom that foarHim, yotHo ha3 not rolinquiohod Hin own right to it. lib ia givon eimply ao a aaorod trußt. Wo aro roaponniblo for tho ehowing of it, hut woo bo to un if, in a momont of {»resumption and falao prido, wo daro to altor Uno or ottor, emblem or dovioo, or to tono down one of heavon'n heraldic nigno. It io Johovah'n bannor «till, though placod in tho hßnd o£ tho ohuroh. Lot mo try and doaoribo it. It dirsplnyn aa ITS CENTRAL EMBLEM one poroon. " In that day thoro shall bo a root of Jotano, which shall stand for an octugn of tho pooplo." It io Christ Hiracalf who iß tho bannor, or, perhaps, more ooirootly to carry out ourniotaphor, it io Chrinfc Himself who in tho grand dovioo emblazoned on tho banner of tho Gonpol. Stand and look at it, and yon will find that tho church carries ñ standard with tho following strange dovioo :-In tho oontro of it thoro ' io simply ono man hanging in nakedness and nimmo ' upon a rough crono, tho blood triohliner dov?n from ! brow, and hands, and foot. I know that thoro aro ? othor symbols on this bannor, bat they rill rr,dir*to from that oontro of tho ornoified Christ ; and all tho 1 scrolls of tho promh'oa only wreath thomselvcs ? around his dying poraon. Thoy novor hido it- novor obcouro it. Thoro is not a sontonoo writton on thio j bannor folds but pointa to this central figuro. Thoro ] in not a promino mr,do but rents on Him, and tho vory < glory of heaven whioh nhinoa in gold is immediately i ovor tho hoad of Him who hangs upon the troo. i THE SAME IN ALL AGES. Noto that this bannor ID prooisoly tho namo wlnoh tho saints in all agon h*wo behold. Tlio Gonpol linn in nowino boon altorod raneo first Johovah gavo it ; or, to c-rry ont oar raoHphor, tho bonnor whioh Qod'n ohuroh has to dit.play now ia idontical in overy lino and ovory hua-io ita vory frirffo tho samo as that whioh God's naiivts in rll gonoralionn havo b->bold ; mid íli'r>í< wîiiuk our nyoa paso upon with doligh« now ii oxr.otly that whioh our forofathorn in all timo hayo i loo1 ed upon. I lovo ii think tlr,t it in no now r.oip «1 i hat I trint, nul it i'l no nil rod go'.pol which I picioh. Thoio ii o '.In over tho lie «d of fhis f-.-crnbl-jd In'.t iho samo limner i "» it i minutent p-rliunh r tl'r.t !'"i v-vr-d ovov tho h"-Hl'¡ of pilri'-rohn, pronhoii, 1 í nd npitiilo'i. Our firrt pr-Aiiti caught a flimpro rf if, ri <ho Imrricno of rinnt* opt tliiough the f-rnle-i oî Edon enrying do iliiion on o/oiy hrnd ; mid whilst tim earth rooked and roolod bonevth tho Ï'owor of tho blow that sin had givon, thoy caw in, hat bannor tho hopo of another Edon beyond. It ia tho name that Aboi caw, and na ho looked 'ho inatinotivoly caught tho moaning of that central finuro, i-.nd hurried to tho r.ltivr Vhovo io iv,';ta cn oiiorii','; \/<lh blood, vhiah rr.id, "O, CJoù, A rindör-i i/tand tho i *\ohhig of-Thy bannor." Enooh UCAÍ it Í.IÜO, r.nd by tho power of that sight i'vod r, r.opa ratud hfo in a godloao vorld. Ho looked uctil iii r.ttraotivo power caught him up, " And ho WÎ-.S not, for Clod took him." A.brahaia saw thiü identical hannor ; andas ho looked hin haart booauio gV.d, and his mouth was filled with holy laughtor ; " For,"caid Christ, "Abraham saw JL-Iy dnyandrojoiced." Jaoob obtained a glimpno of it, and it rcsalod to him tho coorot of tho onigma how earth could bo linked to hoavon, and ho nwoko end said, ss Tiiin plaoü ßhr»Il bo called Bothol, for it ia tho houoo of God." And whilst the din of battlo Vaij iûjjing in tho valloy, Moson looked up from tho contending boats, and csw its folds and built an altar r.nd called it I "JEHOVAH NIS3Ï," I *' tho Lord is my banner." And thou tho owoot oingor of leraol, glancing up from his harp, behold ifc, andhoroao to awootor Gtrainn as ho piny ed bor oath ita folds and sang, " The Lord caid unto my Lord, Sit thou at my right hand, until I moko thino enemies thy footstool." It told his boartof his Lord's ultimato triumph. Holy Daniol-tho only hi&tori; oally porfoct person in Scripture-bo\v «d Liu kuou, and as ho prayed ho saw this bannor with its control figuro. Ho caught its moaning, and wrote those wondrous words-" Tho Messiah shall bo out off, but not for himsolf." Simoon saw it in tho templo when lod thoro of tho Holy Spirit ; and no onraptured waa ho with tho aight that his wholo faoo boaraed ^,7ith joy and light as ho said, " Lord, noir lottostthou Thy servant depart in peaoo, for mino oyo3 have EOGU Thy oalvation." And a dying thiof, whoso oyeo wore glazing fast in death, Baw what tho throng nronnd failed to detect ; ho Baw over his hoad God'o banner of salvation, and its drapory soomed to wrap the cross around as ho said, " Lord, romombor me when thou oomoet into Thy kingdom." It is that banner whioh tho porsoouting Saul saw whon, lovolled to th} dust by the ntrong Hand of God, ho yot vontared to look up. Ho DP.w and oried, " Lord, what wilt Thou have mo to do?" And under ita folds ho swore a lifolong allegiance. And then John, in tho lonely islo of Pfttmos, says that ho behold it, and so trans condont woro ito beauties that ho adds, " I fell down a,sonohead." And this is tho gospol of salvation whioh wo preach to yon thia morning-whioh hundrodB of yon. trust in, and whioh, as part of Zion, wo havo to carry for- ward to tho vory uttormost part of tho earth. Noth- ing now-all old ; and yot, thank God, ITS COLORS STAND, and otill its sight gives lifo. Not a solitary hue in this God-providod bannor ia loss glorious than of old. Still tho oriuiBon lines of atoning saorifico aro blood rod. Not a solitary promise has faded into invisibility. Not one awoot record of holp has faded out of sight. New Bystems havo arison, and fallon ; now theories havo boon devised, and exploded ; but still, thank God, Jehovah's standard is unfurled with- out so much au ono waving line having lost tho bright noDQ of ita beauty. Now, WHO GAVE THE CHURCH THIS BANNER? You road in our tort-" Thou hant given a bannor to thom that fear Thoo." DoubtlosB some to whom I am speaking havo seen tho engraving of a prinoo presenting to a regiment its oolorp. I would that I had tho power to make you BOO tho Prinoo of Life giving, not to any singlo rogi mont, buttohia whole army, its magnificontstandard. When did ho do it? Not to go farthor back than the daj a of tho patriarchs, lot mo say ho intrustod to thoirkoeping tho bannor of heaven. Whon Abraham wont forth in tho power of faith from his own land, not knowing whithor ho went, ho journoyed forth as God's custodian of tho iruth.^ Thon tho patriarchs passed it down tho ages until it waa placed into the hands of a nation, for Paul Bays, whon giviDg the anawor to tho objootion, " What, thon,is tho Jowmoro thananyono oleo?" "Unto them woro committsd tho oraolen of> God." And novor was a grander trust givon to any nation than to that whioh sprang from tho loins of Abraham. Thon for three yoara tho Son of God carried it himsolf. Thronghout tho length and broadth of tho Holy Land thero vralkod, ofton foolsoro and heart-sick and weary, tho Saviour, proaohing his own oalvation, and holding up His own standard, until Ho oarriod it with Him up to tho oross. Then, boforo leaving earth for his nativo skios, Ho handed it to his diooiploB. saying, " Go yo into ail tho world, and preach tho Gospol to every oroature." At His word thoy wont forth grasping this bannor, tho staff of whioh still boro, methinks, the blood- prints of His wounded hands. Oh, men of God, fiilod as yo aro with the Holy Ghost, yo may yet woli tromblo at auoh an awful trust. But what did tho apostles do with it ? Thoy handod it on to others. Paul cays to Timothy, " And the things that thou hast hoard of mo among many witnoueoo, tho samo commit thou to faithful mon who »ball bo ablo to toach othors also." .« PASS IT ON, paßsiton," says Paul, " You havo tho bannor from mo. Now commit it to faithful mon, and thoy again aro to hand it ou to othors." Thon, whon judo wroto, not to apootlos or any olasa in particular, hut to all who woro sanotifiod by God, ho nays "Contend earnestly for tho faith onao dolivorod unto the eninta." Thus from thoso timos down to the pro3ont it han boon handod oa. Ono gonorotion boo coai uiiítüd the hooping tho standard, to another, until it baa fallon into our hands this morning,, and wo grasp tho vory carno standard an waa ouco upheld b^ Christ, by his apostles, and by tho martyrs whoso Buuln still CJ.11 from under tho holy altar. If wo fool not tho rou possibility of our trust, may God wake uo np to do it now. But notice onoo moro, upon this point, to whom this bannor waa givon. " Thou hast givon G bannor to thom that fear thoa." All the Lord's soldiers aro ENSIGNS in his army. Christ dooa not havo ono standard beator to fivo hundred^ mon. Evory boliovor in tho Lord Jouuo Christ io n. young onsign, find ia bound to carry his oolora. Tho ohnroh in tho Cautioloo in spoken of p,3 "an array with banrjors" -not morely ono. Tho carrying forward of Chriot'o cauco iu not tho prorogative of ^ any man or of any oliqno of mon. " All honor," said Luther, " to tho mau who given the alarm of the approaohing foo, and ravon tho oity, whothor ho bo burgomaster or humblunt of oitiy.onn." And if, dear friond, yon bo r, child ot God, into your Annas, young or old, rioh or poor, Christ. Himself pntn a bonnor, nud Ho nays, " Carry if for-w-rd for m"," II. Noto for what purinna it io givon. It io TO HE DISPLAYED. Vory froo¿nonth Il'ivo titood with ini.wo intarcii in the Church of tho Invalido,", at P. rin. H'-ny cîyou h'*,vo, doub.Mo'in, done tho nimio. Ti no, yon will r*nii"iiibpt* how, hiiokh'g over n low p'-.taro',, you roo down intor.largo vol!, t^iobotiom of whioh iicovcrod with beautiful narbleaol PU coloro, rv-ud thoro, in n vfiqfc granito collin, lir- tho roi<i*\uin of tho groat Napoleon. Tho building boo window« of difïoront oolorod glnnaoD, so that» otrango, sombro, yellowish, light filln tho vast, and EH*gnifloont tomb. Evon the mostthonghilcB«, aa thoy enter, Boom instinctively to miso their hat.i, and, bareheaded, thoy gano into tho pi .co vhoio líniT-p.'j'ij groi.t toiror sli tpi, whilo o»o y \ olv i in íeiii'cd í-j iLo IOVÍ.-'J oi vhi, piro. Hound about tho loliiii a ¿o groupod tho rit^udardu thí'thofoio from wo'kor haiub . Poor rcgH, how frdod ! You cat) h-rdly diiitin^uii h their varied ooloiij. No biv. ith of air if ibero to oip-ind them, 'ihoy heng-'heavily lu* np,-year [Jtor your, dusty and decwyiug, rnd the arro tho I) miora onoo carried by r.n cnthusirstio i.oldiory ri,;ht up io tho vory O'.unoa'D mouth! They rro banners, but banners rndinplayod, only used to dock ii tomb, and coom thomsolvoa to droop «n th«i,Kio. God lira nob given His Churoh tho bonnor of the Coopol to dook somo houoû of doatk, or hang in colonia, rotting folds un« u^od. In rll r.goa, this b-.nnor has boon gradually, but INCREASINGLY. DISPLAYED. I hayo already referred to thoao who saw ifc, but it ia J worthy of nota that thoco who saw it had ah,o to display it, and that ci the agoa rollod by tho world " caw moro and moro of its glory. God hímsolf first shook out como of thoao folds in the gardon o£ Eden-sot many, but enfficiout for onr fallon parents to road, " Tho seed of tho woman shall bruiso tho sorpont'a hoad." Thon, whon the ago of saorifioa onnio on, it gradually unfolded moro, and, through tho ascending smoko, a worshipping1 Israel could road eomothing- about a Lamb* that was to bo slain. Then it fell into the prophota' hands, and Isaiah, whon ho grruspod it, flung out its folds so wido that an aotonishod world oonld road, " Ho is dospised and rojoctod of mon ; R man of sorrows, and acquainted with griof." Tho oontro figuro of ali carno out when ho diaplayed it.' Then, when Christ grasped it, is it toa groat a,' strotoh of imagination to say Ho carried it with him up to Calvary, and lashed it to His cross, while the strong broozo of redoomiug lovo oxpanded evar^ inch, and tho world read tho fulnoso of divine com- passion P And whon Christ pasaod that banner on to othors, was it not to bo displayod ? Stephen gets t it, and holds it up amidst a" vory shower of ourses ' and oxoorntions. Stones thiok and fast aro hurled upon him, but as thoproto- martyr sinks to oarth.red with his blood, Philip EOÍEOS it, and carries it far into' Samaria. Paul now carries it ; and, fixing his oyo upon tho moot frowning of boll's battlements, ho stormed them, and planted hoavon's standard on the> walla in tho faoo of every oppooition. Ho attacks Diana-loving Epheuuo, and takes it, Ho makoa a dash at lioontioua Corinth, stooped in iniquity, and carried it for Christ. Ho marahoa to the vory citadel of loaming and superstition, and, standing by the altar of tho unknown God, ho unfurls his bannes thoro, and Days, " Him whom yo ignorantly worship' I doolaro unto you." Tooomoto . LATEE TIMES. Shall wo forgot tho noblo men and tho nobler womat who kopt this bannor flying on the snowy sid<-ff of Alp-no ranges ? From oaves of tho earth they hold it forth, and amongst oternal snows they roared it. Why, in thoao days, whon all Eomo'a bloodhounds.' woro out upon the scent, you would find tho voryj virgin snow clotted with tho orimson blood whioh had flowed from tho wounds of the Israel of the Alpsj. who know how to dio, but not how to ourrondor the bannor of God-given truth. Then Luther laid hia brawny hand upon it, and, dragging it from the obEourity of Eomc, carried it in trininph from ond ia ond of Goimany, while, with ßtoutoriau voice, tho bull-Eookod horo thunderod out the truth of Justifica- tion by faith. And fiery Knox laid hold of thia sama bannor, and went like a whirlwind tlirough Scotland, till all tho land of tho brown hoathor was moved to its vory oontro. And has England boon without ita fltandard-boarors ? I am afraid wo aro all too prone) to forgot thom now. _ Shall Wiokliffo, tho Morning Star of tho Eoformation, dio out in tho gloom of foz gotfulnosa? Or shall George "Whitfiold'o grand cam- paigns bo forgotton? Let the memorioa of Moorfields and Kennington Common bo preserved, whore tons of thousands at a time saw a solitary champion " life the bannor high." These woro all grand mon. And, thank God, tho brood is not oxtinofc. Thoro aro men still who do hold the truth, and will hold it at &U; hazards. " Pass it on !" is the ory of God. Paso ifc on, and display it ; and as one falls on tho field, left another catch tho standard, and, if ho can, hold iÉ yot highor.ßtill. Tho Lord bless his standard-bearers, and mako over? ono of ua true to our awful trust, for Christ'o eako. Arnon. 