RUSSIAN DIET. The simplicity of diet to which the Russian is accustomed gives him a groat advantage in enduring the privations of a campaign. Where an Englishman would be half-starved, the Russian finds his ration sufficient. According to the "Armed Strength of Russia," the men receive a mess allowance which is calcu lated to give them one-third of a pound of meat on one hundred and ninety-six days of the year. The remaining one hundred and sixty-nino days are ob served as fasts, according to the rules of the Greek Church. In addition, about two pounds of flour, which the men bake into broad for themselves, or ono pound thirteen ounces of biscuit, i3 issued per man, and to this is added four and four-fifths ounces of groats,four-fiftlis ounces of salt, and for every ono hundred men, eleven and seven-tenths ounces of tea and two pounds three and three tenths ounces of sugar. As against this, the daily field ration of the British soldier is ono pound of meat, one and ono half pound bread or one pound biscuit, one third ounce coffee, one-sixth ounce tea, tiro ounces sugar, and one-half ounce of salt, and when hard work is being done, another half pound of meat is added if possible, and it is also usual to serve out two ounces compressed vege tables or four ounces preserved potatoes. At home groceries and vegetables are not issued as rations, but a sum not exceeding three pence a day is stopped out of the men's pay, to form a mess fund, out of which they supply themselves with such extras. The difference in the fare of the two armies is sufficiently striking; and the thought immediately arises, how could the multifarious wants of English men have been supplied in the snowy passes of the Balkans ? or, how would the British soldier have worked on Russian rations? The weight of the English daily ration is about three and a half pounds ; that of the Russian is about two pounds. Every Russian regiment has on hand eight days' supply of biscuits, which is renewed once a month; when marching, five days' supply is carried with the regimental wagons, and three days' allow ance by the men themselves. Ladies' clubs do not seem to succeed (writes a women in the Illustrated London News). The poor little "Somervillo" has at length, I learn, given up the ghost. It was hardly a club, in the true sense, the subscription being absurdly small, and the accommodation only cousisting of one or two rooms over a shopiu Oxford-street; but it began operations some few years ago with a considerable flourish of trum pets. There were to be n thousand members, the majority of whom were to bo well-to-do-women, who were to pay their anuual subscriptions of fivo shillings, without expecting any benefit themselves, but contributing toward the accommoda tion of their work-a-day sisters. Another club for women placed in the fore-front of its prospectus a statement that " discussions on controversial subjects will be permitted in any of tho rooms of the club, nor will any literature that tho most careful mother might object to place in the hands of her daughter ever bo allowed to entor tho readiug-room." The Albe marle, a mixed club for ladies and gentle men, continues a sober course of being ; but another smarter and more luxurious mixed club near Regent Circus came signally to grief. So did the only two other clubs for ladies solely of which I have known. Yet, it might be supposed, when so many single, literary, and othor business women keep house alone, and when ladies from distant suburbs come dailyby themselvos in large numbers to the West End to shop and to attend concerts, visit picture-galleries, and so on, that a genuine ladies' club, with dining, draw ing, and reading-rooms, would meet a real want. I have asked a high authority on clubland oustoms why ladies' clubs have never yet succeeded, and he replies that it is because women are too temperate —they neither eat expensively enough, nor drink wine enough to. make their clubs rich ; nor do they smoke, or play billiards. Blue Ribbon Curate: "Tut-t-t, dear me, James, this is tho third time I've seen you coming out of that public-house." Thirsty Artisan : " Thash all, sir. You don't think 'shcot'ble Bri'sli workman can shpon' all 'sh time in 'grog-shop ! " ( 