BINGLEY'S GAP.* A TALE OF OLD COLONIAL DAYS. BY M. GAUNT. Chapter IX.— Mark Elliot's Wooing. Outside Ingram met Theo., looking very grave. "Well?'' he asked. "Well," repeated his brother; "it is anything but well. The commissioner has been insen- sible all the way, and that other young fel- low in such excruciating agony I'd have been glad if he'd been so too. I don't think he can possibly last till morning. Captain Rich thinks we'd better just lift Elliot on to the bed and not attempt to do anything beyond taking off his boots till the doctor comes. He says we'd very likely do more harm than good. How does Polly take it?" "Breaking her heart about it, poor little girl I've promised she shall see him as soon as pos- sible." "Was that wise, think you?" "Oh, yes. He thought himself dying when first I found him, and confessed his love for her and she — well, she's head over ears in love with him, so I don't see it can matter." "Where are they putting him?" "In Josh Bingley's room; come in and see him." Joshua Bingley's room was not pretentious. It was as humble and unassuming in its way as Miss Maria's spare room. In one corner was a low bed, and on this they had laid Mark Elliot, merely, as Captain Rich had suggested, taking his boots off. He was conscious, but terribly exhausted, and Miss Maria was administering brandy and water. The moment he caught sight of Ingram's tall form his face lighted up and he called faintly, "Ingram—' — I " "Yes, old fellow," said Ingram, bending over him; "you want to speak to me." "Yes, if—" and his eyes wandered over the faces of the men who had carried him in. With innate courtesy Bingley saw they were in the way, and remarked, "Well, Mr. Ingram, if you'll look after our patient, we'll 1 have him to you now. Too many about ain't good for him. Come along, Maria," and they all left the room together. Ingram drew up the one wooden chair the room boasted of and sat down beside the bed. "Well, old fellow," he asked again, "is there anything I can do for you?" "I thought perhaps — I— I would give any thing — to see your sister. Do you think — she wouldn't perhaps— come?" Ingram looked at his friend's white face. "By jove, he thought, "I'm afraid all this is very bad for him, but what the deuce am I to do? He'll never rest till he sees her, so here goes. "There," he added aloud, "not come — you think she wouldn't come? Why, my dear fellow, I found Polly just breaking her heart about you. I taxed her with caring for you too much, and she had to own it; so if you want to see her I know she'll only be too glad to come. But won't to-morrow be better, after you have rested a bit?" "No, no," said Elliot eagerly. "No, who knows where to- morrow will find me? Now — now — it's worse to lie here and want her." "All right," said Ingram; "there, I'll go and fetch her." He found Polly waiting in her doorway. She had bathed her face and smoothed her hair, and though she was trembling with sup- pressed excitement was evidently struggling for calmness. "Now, dear," said Ingram kindly," he is ask- ing for you, so you'd better come; but mind he is very ill indeed, and you must do your best to be calm." Calm, and her heart was beating so furiously! She dared not trust herself to answer. All the way across the yard she kept repeating to herself that she knew he loved her, she knew it, but yet when they came to the door she had an insane longing to run away and hide herself, for how ever well he might love her, and in her heart she believed he did, not one word of love had passed between them. Perhaps her brother divined her thoughts, for he pressed her hand and whispered — "Courage, my dearie, there is nothing to be ashamed of, remember. He is very ill, and you mustn't talk too much. If he's faint there's brandy on the table; you can't do anything till the doctor comes." He opened the door and pushed her gently in, and she heard the sharp click of the latch as it closed behind her. Then she raised her eyes and saw a little meanly furnished room lighted by a guttering tallow candle, a low truckle bed in one corner, and on that bed a young fellow dressed in a dark uniform, a blanket thrown over his feet and his face as white as the pillows on which it was resting. The brown eyes seemed to devour her; then he tried to raise himself on his elbow. "My darling— my darling— you were good to come. In a moment her shyness had forsaken her. Almost before she realised what she was doing she was kneeling by the bedside, and with tender loving hands forced him back among the pillows. He strove to draw her down to him, and she felt how weak and helpless he was. "My love," he whispered faitly, "my own dear love — you don't know how I have longed for you to-night. Tell me— you do love me— don't you?" "You know," she whispered softly, "you know I love you." His face grew so white and ghastly she was frightened and half rose from her knees to get the brandy, but he detained her with his weak hands. "I'm all right— but— but— my sweetheart, won't you kiss me." Polly bent down, half shyly, and put her lips to his. Then she found that his hair was damp and his coat wringing wet, and when she raised her head she saw that the front of her white dress was stained with blood. He saw it too, and it roused him for a moment from the faintness that was creeping over him. "My darling," he said, "I am not fit for you— to be touched — it has— been raining— all night and— now— I— must— be covered— with blood." She bent down and kissed him again of her own free will. "I don't care," she said, "only, dear love, you must not be there in your wet things." "Yes — yes — it can't make— any difference. I'm too tired — to move. Sweetheart — sweet- heart — where — are you? It's — so — dark— I can't— see you. Don't leave — me— please." She put her arms round him and drew his head on to her breast, and he lay there so white and still, she thought him dying. "Oh, my love, my darling," she cried, for getting her shyness, and her brother's in- junctions in the one dread fear that he was leaving her for ever. "My darling, I love you, and I cannot live without you." A faint pressure of his hand told her he heard and understood, but was too far gone to speak, and as she watched she saw all conscious- ness fade from his face. So still and quiet he lay there in her encircling arms. She doubted whether he were alive, and laying him back among the pillows she went to the door and called softly, "Tom, Tom, I want you." In her own ears her voice sounded strangely unlike her own, and Ingram entering was struck with the change in her. She had entered the room, a shy, frightened, trembling girl. She stood before him now, a quiet, self-contained woman, with a world of trouble in her dark eyes. "Pauline," he said, "you wanted me." "I— Tom — is he— is he—?" "No, my child, he has only fainted again. Give him some more brandy." He watched her hand smoothing tenderly, oh so tenderly, the damp curls on the pillow, and his heart ached for her. "Tom," she said suddenly, "he is so wet. It must be bad for him." "It cannot be good, certainly, but it was only with the greatest difficulty Theo. and I stopped the bleeding, and we dare not attempt to undress him lest it should break out afresh. We thought we'd better wait till the doctor comes." "Will he be long, do you think?" "Not more than another hour or so now.". "Another hour," she sighed wearily, "ano- ther hour. Oh, Tom, this will never do. His hands are like stones." Fondly chafing them between her two warm ones. You must cut these wet things off him. Here's a pair of scis- sors, and I'll go and get some more blan- kets." Bingley's house was, as Theo. had said, Liberty Hall, and Miss Maria and her brother were perfectly satisfied that their guests should amuse themselves in their own way. Joshua Bingley had given up his own room to the wounded commissioner, and since it pleased Ingram and his sister to nurse him they were well content that it should be so, and resigned him into their hands with the utmost confidence. Polly returning with a bundle of blankets in her arms, which she had stripped from her own bed, was met by Miss Maria, who remarked, "Oh my dear, shall I help you?" "No, thank you. I have just got these because Mr. Elliot was so cold and wet." "To be sure, to be sure," said Miss Maria, nodding her head emphatically, "and there's a roaring fire in the kitchen if you'd like to warm them first. Here, give me hold, you'd better let me help. I've just been doing the same for that poor follow, Nevitt. He's very bad, I'm afraid, and can't last till morning, but I'll mind him if you'll look after the commissioner." Theo., crossing the yard, looked into the kitchen and saw them, whereupon Polly sent him with some of the blankets to help Ingram, following herself with the others, which she helped her brothers to wrap round the still in- sensible man. "There," said Theo., when they had done. "He'll feel more comfortable now, poor fellow. A little more brandy, Polly. Yes, he's coming round. Well, some of us had better go. It won't do to have too many in the room." "If you and Tom will leave me," said Polly quietly, though a burning spot rose on each cheek, "I'll take care of him; "then as Theo. stared in wonder at her, "I think I have best right." Theo. looked at his brothor questioningly. "That's true," said Ingram. "Come on, Theo. Pauline, if I were you, I would try not to excite him." "Yes, yes," she said. "That's all past - but send the doctor as soon as you can." As she had said, all the excitement had passed, and when Mark came to himself, weak and ill as he was, he seemed perfectly content to lie and watch her as she knelt beside him and smoothed his hair with loving fingers that lingered caressingly, on the dark curls. When- ever he attempted to speak she stopped him, her fingers on his lips. "Hush, my darling, you must not talk, you must not indeed, or I shall have to go away," and that threat kept him silent! He was in very little pain and now that his wet things had been removed, was not uncomfortable, only every now and then such a deadly faintness would steal across him that Polly, watching, felt afraid the end had come. It was not till about 3 o'clock in the morning that she heard the sounds of an arrival in the yard and guessed by the hearty greetings that it was the doctor at last. Elliot heard it too and roused himself to ask, "Is it the doctor?" " Yes," she answered. "Thank God, you'll be all right now." "Kiss me before he comes, kiss me and say again 'I love you Mark!'" "I love you, Mark," she murmured, "I love you, my darling, my darling, you are all the world to me," and she kissed him tenderly again and again. But when the doctor entered the room she was sitting by the bedside, the very model of a quiet careful nurse. Doctor Gaythorne was a little old gentleman with white hair and a clean shaven face, remarkable in those days, when every man wore a beard, and came in rubbing his hands and talking cheerfully all the while. "So, so here we are, Mr. Commissioner. Shot in the side, Ingram tells me, and Miss Polly installed as nurse. Well, well, I don't believe I'd mind being shot myself if such a pretty girl would come and nurse me; but I'm too old, I'm too old; these good things are reserved for you young fellows. Now let us see. Miss Polly, if you want to be nurse I shall send you to bed at once; we mustn't have you worn out. Now be off with you this minute, you can't do any more good here, and I'd rather be without you, and that's the truth. You shall come back by and by, I promise you that." It was only what Polly had expected, so she rose, and with one loving glance at her lover left the room. Outside she met Theo. "You'll come and tell me what the doctor says as soon as possible?" she asked piteously. "Yes, dear." "And you'll tell me the truth." "Why, yes, of course; where would be the good of hiding it from you. Now go and lie down; you are as white as a ghost." "Don't keep me waiting," she said as she entered her own room. There she found Katie Elliot, who was very sympathetic, and insisted on her lying down and being covered up (for the night had grown chilly after the rain) with her own bedclothes. "You poor soul," she kept saying, "you must be worn out.S o the commissioner is your lover, is he? I thought there was some one when you wouldn't give away your dances. There, there, lie still, dear, and don't talk. Now you needn't worry about the bedclothes; I can get plenty more if I want them, but I'm not going to bed yet. Jack Rich promised to come and tell me what the doctor said; so there, go to sleep now." Polly closed her eyes. She knew quite well she could not sleep, but she wanted to be let alone, and the kindly Katie Elliot seemed to divine her thoughts, for she put out the candle and went and stood in the doorway. Polly lay quiet for what seemed to her an age; then she struck a match and looked at her watch. "You silly child," said Katie's voice, "don't you see it can't be 4 o'clock yet; there are only the very faintest streaks of dawn in the sky. You should have a little patience, dear." A door on the other side of the house shut sharply, and quick footsteps came across the yard to their room. "Is my sister here?" asked Ingram's voice. "Yes, I see she is. May I come in? Be a brave girl, Polly, it's good news. The doctor has succceded in extracting the bullet, and he says there is every hope of Elliot's speedy recovery; only he must be kept very quiet. He is terribly exhausted, and Theo. is going to sit up with him." Then seeing dissatisfaction in Polly's face— "My child, he would not know you; you will be far more useful if you take a good night's rest and come to it fresh to-morrow morning. Doctor Gaythorne told me to tell you so. Now, good night, dear, and go to bed at once. Miss Rich, make her go to bed— she is worn out." "Tom, Tom, you are sure he'll get better?" she asked anxiously. "Yes, dear, the doctor says so, but he will be ill sometime first; that's why I want you to rest now and save up your strength. You'll do as I ask, won't you, dear?" "Yes," she answered obediently, lifting up her face to be kissed. "Tom, you are like — like--a mother to me," He smiled sadly. "Goodnight, my little daughter, then, and don't fret any more." If Polly had any intentions of disobeying her brother's orders, Katie Rich frustrated them, for she stood over her till she was un- dressed, saw her safely into bed, and tucked the clothes round her. „ "Now," she said, "I know you'll be sound asleep long before you'd think." And she was right. Polly was prepared for a few weary hours of restless tossing to and fro, but the ex- citement of the day had proved too much for her. Her anxiety had been relieved, and almost as soon as her head touched tho pillow she was asleep. When she awoke next morning the mid- summer sun was streaming in through the uncurtained window, Katie Rich was fast asleep on the stretcher opposite, and her handiwork was very evident in a line which tied together the handles of the unmanageable doors. On this was hung the white dress Polly had worn the night before — the stains washed out of it. The place was very still, and yet Polly felt it could not be early. She looked at her watch, and was horrified to find it after 9 o'clook, and jumping out of bed proceeded to dress quickly. Not so quickly, however, but that her com- panion awoke. "Oh, dear, "she said, "what's the tlme? Are you getting up? I hope you admire my patent door fastener, and I hope, too, your dress is dry. I washed it out for you, as I thought very likely you wouldn't have another with you." "Indeed, you are very kind," said Polly, gratefully; "I don't know how to thank you." "Don't, it isn't necessary, I assure you. It's probably abominably done. I never washed anything clean in my life; but it's better than nothing. Well, not having a lover to nurse, I'm going to sleep again," and she turned over and shut her eyes. A bitter disappointment awaited Polly when she made her way to Elliot's room. He was tossing about in a high fever, and was utterly unconscious of her presence. "My dear young lady," the little doctor said, fussing up to her. "You may stay and help if you like, but he will not know you, and it will be many a day before he does know you." And it was many a day before she saw the light of reason in his eyes again. All her days and the greater part of her nights she spent in the sick room. Sometimes Tom Ingram, who shared her duties, would insist on her going out for a little into the fresh air; but she always returned as soon as she dared, for all her thoughts,, all her hopes, were bounded by those four walls, and yet Elliot never knew her. In his delirium he went over and over again the events of the last few days; he fought with the bushrangers in the darkness, he laid poor dying Thornton by the hill side, he searched for the lost gold bag, he laughed with Mackay over the stubborn mules, he was with Polly in the old punt on the river at Gnarkeet, and through it all ran the thought of her. He laid his very heart bare for her, and, if she had needed other assurance of his love, she needed it no longer. "Polly, Polly," he moaned, "why do you leave me to die alone?" and she, bending over him with aching heart, would answer, "My darling, I am here; don't you know me?" And for a moment, perhaps, he would appear to understand, but the next minute would come the same weary question. "Why do you leave me? Polly, Polly!" The excitement of Bingley's ball and the escort robbery soon died out and Mur-a-wuk was free from guests now. Only Ingram and his sister stayed to nurse Elliot. The world will not stand still though the one we love be sick unto death. Theo. and the repentant Hugh who had received a lesson he was not likely to forget in this life had gone back to Gnarkeet. Sergeant O'Brien had delivered over the gold, saved at such cost, and the four prisoners to the Inspector who came down from Beechworth with 20 troopers at his back, and they with all the other guests had taken their departure next- day. Over troopers Nevitt the doctor had shaken his head and before tho sunset next day kindly old Miss Maria had closed his eyes for ever, and gently crossed his cold hands on his breast. "And glad I was to do it," she said with tears in her eyes, "for the poor follow suffered agonies." They laid him and poor Charlie Thornton in their last long home by the creek and Ingram finding the addresses of their people wrote to them an account of their deaths. The ranges were being scoured high and low by the police for those of the gang who had escaped. The sergeant had given it as his opinion that about 20 men had attacked the escort, and of these only 5 were accounted for; 1 being dead, and 4 prisoners, therefore, at least 15 were still at large and likely to remain so for there are gullies about the headwaters of the Murray, where even now a regiment might hide for days, and they were much more inaccessible in those days. Polly heard all these things discussed as in a dream. They possessed no in- terest for her. She would have given all she possessed, all she was ever likely to possess for one gleam of consciousness in Mark Elliot's brown eyes. "Cheer up," said the little doctor, "cheer up, I don't' despair, I think we'll pull him through I do indeed." But Polly did despair in her heart when each day brought no change. One night she sat watch- ing by his bedside as he slept more naturally and quietly than he had done for some time past and his face, she thought, did not look so pinched and drawn. The candle had burned low and she rose and softly put another in its place. Then she stooped over the bed and straightened the coverlid and as she bent down Elliot's eyes opened and she saw with joy un- speakable that he knew her at last. "Polly," he whispered so low she had to put her face down to catch the feeble tones. "Polly where am I? What is it? Have I been ill?" "Yes my darling, very ill, but you are better now." "It isn't a dream — you won't vanish away — I have had so many dreams — and the end was always the same." "No my dearest, it isn't a dream. Drink this— there— go to sleep again. I will sit by you till you wake." He feebly tried to take her hand, but he was too weak even for that slight exertion, so she knelt down beside, and clasped his feeble hand in her own. And he slept peacefully quietly like a child and when he wakened after eight long hours, Polly knew that her prayers had been answered and God had given her back her lover from the very jaws of death. After that he mended slowly, a little better each day a little stronger and yet so slowly, so imperceptibly that his nurses look- ing back wondered at the changes a week wrought. As to Pauline Ingram even now it seems to her she had never known such days of happiness as those days brought her. Days of thankfulness and peace as she watched her darling's slow return to health, so slow and yet so certain. The day when he first left his room, was a day of rejoicing for her and the day on which the little doctor pronounced him well enough to be driven over the rough tracks to Gnarkeet she felt that her cup of bliss was full to overflowing. Theo. and Hugh were waiting their arrival and had done their best to make the house look festive in honor of their sister's return. Hugh looked rather shamefaced and uncomfortable as he kissed his sister, and shook hands with Elliot, but the latter knew nothing of the share he had had in the attack on the escort and Polly in her new found happiness had forgotten all about it, and returned his kisses heartily. To her the old home seemed strange, she had lived a life time since she had left it a little over a month ago. "I believe I've even forgotten how to do this," she said as she stood by Theo.'s side the next evening filling his pipe for him. "All well, Polly," he said gently stroking her hair," we've learnt your value in your absence dear, we've missed you sorely, you mustn't leave us again, we can't spare you, eh?" but Polly dropped her eyes, blushed crimson, and was busily intent on the pipe. "Ah, but Ingram," said Elliot from the sofa, "she belongs to me now, and you must not keep her very long. I don't think I can do without her now." "Nonsense, nonsense," laughed Theo., "you haven't known each other more than two months. You've only been engaged a little over a month, and part of that time, you must own, Elliot, you were a raving lunatic. You don't know enough of each other. You won't want to be married for a year or so yet. Why, I don't believe you've over properly proposed." "Haven't I?" said Elliot, rising from the sofa, and crossing to Polly's side; "then, I'll do it now before you all. I'm sure--" "And I'm sure, too," Polly interrupted, laughing, "quite sure that you are still an invalid, and must be tired after your long journey yesterday; therefore, you'd better go to bed. I shan't nurse you if you get ill again, mind." "That's a terrible threat with a vengeance. I suppose I must do as I'm told, then, but it's such a glorious warm night. Come out as far as the slip rails. I'd like to propose, as your brothers seem to think I haven't done it. Do come." Polly felt rather shy as they left the room together, with three pairs of eyes following her every movement, but once outside in the friendly darkness, with the starlit sky above them, her lover put his arm around her, and sho was glad she had come. "Is it true," he whispered, ''what they say? Must I wait a year for my wife? My darling, you have spoiled me, and I can't live without you. I'll have to go away in a week or so, and I dread to go alone. Darling, darling, come with me. I should like to try and thank you for all you have been to me this last month, but I never can— never. You do love me, Polly?" "You know I do." "And you know I love you?" "Yes." "Then marry me this day week." "Oh, Mark, it's too soon. What would my brothers say? They have a sort of rlght to me, you know. I don't remember my father *Published by special arrangements with the author. All rights reserved. mother, and Tom and Theo. have been so good to me always. "If that's all we can be married at once, for I was talking to your eldest brother this morning, and he quite takes my side. You know, dear, the Government have behaved most generously to me. Eighteen months' leave of absence on full pay, on account of my gallant conduct dur- ing the attack on the escort at Bingley's Gap. Good enough, isn't it?" "You needn't scoff. I agree with the Government it was gallant conduct and I'm proud of my lover." "I'm glad you're proud of me darling, though heaven knows there's little enough to be proud of. We were caught like rats in a hole, and had to fight whether we liked it or not. I was no better than the rest of them, no better than poor Charlie Thornton and that other poor fellow who was killed." "They'd never have fought so well if it hadn't been for you. The sergeant and all of them told me so, and it was only right that the Government should see it in the same light." "I wonder they did, I wonder I wasn't severely reprimanded for my rashness in leaving Devil's Elbow so late with a storm coming on. They didn't know it was someone's bright eyes that were drawing me to Bingley's." "They probably set it down to zeal for the service. Ah well you paid dearly for wanting a few waltzes." "Did I my sweetheart? As far as I am con- cerned I'd go through it all again to win you. You don't know what bliss it was after the night's weary waiting to find myself in Bingley's little room with you by my side, and your dear arms round me." "Hush! hush! It often troubles me to think of that. You must have thought me so bold — so immodest. You had never spoken a word of love to me, remember." "My darling," he said surprised "surely you must have known how much I cared. I like to think of that night and so must you. Now give me a kiss and say you'll marry me this day week. "Its very evident," she murmured, you are an invalid no longer, and quite beyond your nurse's control. But, indeed, indeed, I couldn't be married for a month at the very least." "Three weeks" he said, kissing her. "I won't wait a day longer than three weeks so you can begin the trosseau at once. "I wonder," she said, as they returned to the house, "I wonder what Tom and Theo. will say." "Tom expects it," he answered lightly, "and Theo. — well, Theo. will have to get married himself. There's another Miss Rich, a pretty girl, just come over from Sydney." "Well," cried Theo., as they entered the diningroom, "well, did he propose?" " Yes, he did," she answered, laughing. "There, Theo., let me go. I want to go to bed, and Mark will explain it all." Three weeks later there was a pretty little wedding at Gnarkeet. Mackay came over from Devil's Elbow to be best man, and Katie Rich and her sister Edith, just fresh from school, were bridesmaids, and a bonnier trio, Mackay declared in his broadest Scotch, was never before seen in all the colony of Victoria. A few days after Tom and Theo. Ingram stood on the new pier at Liardet's Beach, as Port Melbourne was called in those days, and watched the good ship Sea Queen as she slowly hauled off from the shore. On deck stood Pauline Elliot and her husband waving their adieux to them. "So that is the last of Polly for the next year or so," said Theo, with a half sigh, "she's in good hands, but anyhow I shall miss her sadly. Home won't be the same without her." "Decidedly, you'll have to get married, old chap." "I think I will." "Oh, sets the wind in that quarter! Who is the lady, pray?" "What would you say to Edith Elliot? But there, it won't be yet." And Polly, talking to her husband, was telling him the same thing. Hugh had gone to Sydney, and, amidst the delights of a first introduction to society, forgot entirely his old love at Gnarkeet, and the sorrow that came of it. Only Polly, in her new happiness, felt her heart ache sometimes when she thought of Tom Ingram, the sad and lonely man who had lived his life and spoiled it while she was yet a child. ===== 