ARIUS THE LIBYAN AN IDYL OF THE PRIMITIVE CHURCH. B OOE II. Chapteii IL— A Navat Question. After the overthrow of the Christian com nraoitieB which Ulfilas had founded among the Goths Constantino called Eusebius, Bishop of Ctesarea, unto himself, and began to make diligent enquiries concerning the churches of Syria and ot Egypt ; and having obtained all of the information current among the bishops he entered into conversation with Euaebiua, apparently for the purpose of still further satisfying himself upon certain points involved in his investigations. ?' Thou sayest,' said Constantino, 'that in spite of the persecution in which many bishops and private persons have suffered martyrdom the Church constantly increases in nuua'oers and influence.'' 'Yea,'' replied Eurebius, 'but nofcao rapidly as in thine own dominions, for in most places their services are secretly conducted because of the heathen ; yet the truth triumphs every where and the churches prosper wonderfully. The cruel wrorjgs done unto the faithful excite the interest and compassion of aU fair-minded men, and there are always many who 89ek for fuller information concerning our holy religion, and there are always some at hand re*dy to impart it.' '/ 1 would that it were possible for me at this time to occupy the same relation to the Eastern Church that so happily obtains ia the Empire of the West. But that seems to be impo-Bib!e while the Emperor Liciniua reigns over these realms.' ' Thou art as mush beloved by tbe Christians of the East as by those of Europe or of Africa ; and they look unto thee for deliveranoe, and hopefully await thy coming.' 'But Europe and Africa are under mine own hand, and Asia is not ; the Church of the EaBt is beyond the reach of my protection,' 'Stretch forth thine arm of power, thou favorite of the supreme God, and take it unto tbyeelf. _ Thou alone att fitted to be emperor, and Asia, as part of the Roman empire, is rightfully thine own.' Then Constantino gave way to one of thosa hts ot EUdden silent meditation which were not unusual to him, and continued to gaza upon his bishop long and earnestly. At last he said — ' The Emperor Licinius is a brave and skilful commander, trained all his life in tha discipline of the Roman army. He not only hath yet a solid foothold upon European soil, but he could call into action out of populous Asia double as msny soldiers as the Western Empire could put into the field, including the hardy Goths, whom I have added to the military force of Rome. He is not merely titular exoperor, but is a consummate warrior, a wise ruler, an able and valiant man, aa he hath already proved against both Maximiaa and myself.' ''Thou and God art greater still I' said the bishop solemnly. ' That might be so upon the land,' mur mured Constantine absently, ' for many of my legions are veterans who have followed ma through seventeen campaigns without defeat, and the Goths are biave and hardy. But the old Emperor's vast superiority is on the sea. . For since Rome ceased to be the seat of empire the naval establishments of Misenum and Ravenna have been greatly neglected, and the maritime cities of Greece no longer furnish those formidable fleets which made the re public of Athens so famous. Bat the Em peror LiciniuB can draw from Egypt and the adjacent coasts of Africa, from the ports ot floinicia and the Isle of Cyprus, and from Bilhjcia, Ioua, and Cana, a fleet to which the rest of lnaakiud could offer no iffective opposition ; so that if I should be successful on land the Emperor's naval superiority would enable him to c»rry an offensive war into every sea-coast of Hisninia.. Gaul, aud Italy, cut off all my supplies, end forci; me to retreat even in the fase of victory. 'It will not do,' he cried passionately a ad despotdinply— ' it will not do ; and it requires jeai s to prppare a navy. There must be eoaie other way — gome other way \' What dark asd secret thought slumbered in the capaaious deepB of that cairn unwavering spirit, to which expediency was ever a sufficient justification for any crime that might advance political designs, no man can ever know ; but Eusebius at once perceived that the thing which he supposed to have been a sug gestion of hiB own — a temptation held out by him to the Emperor and ventured upon because his zeal for tha persecuted. Christians of the Eastern Church made him earnestly desire that Constantine should con quer and protect those regions— had in truth tajg been a subject of profoundest meditation in the Emperor's soul; a most dangerous ambition, which he had considered in every poKible aspect of it. Neither of these able men spoke for some time. Then the Emperor said mueingly— ?' Wonld that it were possible for me at this time to occupy the same relation to the Eastern Churches that so happily obtamB in the Empire of the West ! But there must be some other way — some other way 3' EusebiuB perceived from the repetition of these words that they in some way contained me particular matter concerning which Con stantine desired him to speak, aud he shuddered at the unwelcome thought of what might possibly be required at the hand of some bithop of the church by the implacable and unscrupulous Emperor; but not fully compre hending the draft of the royal mind, he an swered— 'It would be easy to attach the 1 bishops and their congregations unto thyself. I as thou didst those of Africa, by secret aid to ? the churches, and by kind messages unto those who experienced the tyrant's cruelty; for already all Christians regard thee aa divinely raised up for their Buccor, and they are com f ortcd by tbe hope that when thou dost rule the world the gospel shall be as free in the EaEt aB it ib in the WeBt.' ' But that is a mere sentiment,' answered Conttantine. /'The Cnrisians are not soldters; in they EaBt the refoBeto bear arms or to recog! niBe an earthly roler. Surely thou dost re member how difficult it was to bring them ?vtit0T^D511ftlve suPPort of mine empire even «-ttbeWe8t.' e g™ 'Yea, verily ! But thou mayst gradually assume direction of the Church there as thoS bast done .here tby largesses to the bishops ; by calling councils in thine own name to settle clerical differences; and by training them, as thou hast done here, to regard tfafe alone at the real source of both ecclesiastical and poli S£ asUthou%»aXld e° by d^reea «?*«* 'I have meditated overall of that,' said Comtantiue, 'and the great difficulty in the Wa?*u JU aewwnpliBhment g,.0WB oat of tha fact that any attempt to interfere in the trial of charges against bishops or presbyters, whether npen accusations of personal misconduct or of erroneous doctrine, within the dominion* nt him and by ha subjects as an unwarrantable interference in matters which do not concern the Empire of the West, and such a course would only inflame and consolidate those whom I prefer to divide in sentiment.' /'But,' said Eusebius. «. if the question in diBpute should be one, not between the members of some particular community or locality, but between almost 4the whole body of the Christians in the Western Empire on the one band and almost the whole body of the Eastern Church upon the other Leonid there be any impropriety in calling a council of the whole Church, East and West, to con sioer and determine it V ' Ko,' eaid Constantine. ' If there were only men a question the way would be laid open at least for a beginning. But how couldet tcou ever create such a question ?'' The question, or rather the questions (for ttere aretwo of them), are already created— the East npon one side ot both, and the West noon the other,' n \\\\\ nwm ' What are these questions ¥' L;*1!** ™ 1 One is a great dispute concerning the proper tune for the celebration of Easter? and the other a most subtile controversy concernitur tte nature of Godhead and the relation of the Father Son, ami Holy Ghost; a dispute in which Hosius of Cordova leads many bishons and presbyters npon one side, and Arras the Libyan as many upon the other.' 'Arius the Libyan!' cried Constantine with sudden wrath. » The Libyan serpent ! The ram of Baucalis! a presbyterof AlexMjdna! By thundering Jove, I will yet f*^ that hard, stubborn, fearlesTnature, ?or be bath been more in my way than even the Emperor Liciniue himself. Corse tbe man ' curse him!' ^Wjlil ;(H' Eusebms gazed upon the EmperorTTmute aBtoMBbroent. He knew that Oonstautine possessed an almost supernatural knowledge of aU political movements and persons, even in the remotest corner of the empire over wtoeh-toe Mfeaadi tat he had neW era. dreamed that tbe mighty Emperor bad heard so much as the mine of thes;cnnt, unsocial, self-denying, and u»»e»61e presbyter of the Btncalis Church at Alexandria, ia tie do minions of Licinius. ' Knoweet thou the man ?'' he asked with uh concealed astonishment. Constantine bad already regained hia usual calmnees, and in placid toneB replied—' I have never seen Ariu*, but have constantly and often heard of hia dangerous and revolu tionary teachings, and of his rugged, impla cable, unyielding character. He hateth me without any cause, except that I am Emperor, and Ecorneth every favor I was inclined to ehow him. I even tendered unto him the bishopric of Alexandria, which Alexander now holds, but he refused to accept it, for no other reaeon than that he supposed his advancement to that high place to have been procured by the influence of mine agents in that city.' 'I regret that he ia not thy friend,' answered Eusebiua; 'but wilt thou instruct n;e how a preabyter could teach dangerous and revolutionary doctrines? Perhapa Bach teach ings might furnish matter foe which the Church might su*-pend him from the offiia of presbyter and silence his utterances.' ' 1 do not think so,' answered CoDst»atiae. He teaches that a Christian cannot be an em peror nor bear arms in war ; and that to take sides in a struggle between any earthly go vernments is to betray the Christ. Heteacaes that no Christian cap hold slaves, own private property, or recognise Roman and Egyptian laws and cuetorcB in reference to marriage and divorce. In a word, he still rigidly adheres to that primitive Christianity, the prevalence of which would soon render all go vernment over the people unnecessary if not impossible, and whica, as thou kno west, it was bo difficult for us to guide to nftht and reasonable action even in Rome and m other parts of the We3t Bat his primitive and fearless teachings have reduced to the phostjy form of a mere sentiment all the active aid I bad expected to obtain from the Christians of Syria and of Egypt. The fleet, the mighty fleet, which putteth ail my coasts at the mercy of Liciniuj ought to have been mine own, and would have bsen bat for that Libyan serptnt who paralysed the arms of willing Christians by hiB accursed teachings.' 'But,' said Eusebins solemnly, 'these teachings were the very doctrines of our Lord, and Aries hath proclaimed nothing but the truths of the gospel ; and for 300 years no Christian man hath owned a slave, or claimed private title to property, or lifted up » weapon even m defence of the faith for which he does not hesitate to die.' And the bishop's fine face darkened, and hia heart twitched as if some transient gleam of lightning had re vealed before him a bottomless pit that opened down to perdition ; and for a moment he half way felt that he had lost his own soul by jug gling with the empire in the name of Jeaas and for tfce glory of the Church. While he stood in painful meditation, the imperor continued— 'Yea, doubtless this was the primitive system ; and thoroughly perme ated with its new and radical principals, Arius eetketh to enforce them. The African ram bold, eelf- confident, aggressive; the Lybian serpent, sgile, beautiful, tameless, and dau Rerous; scorning all earthly ambitions as trifles unworthy of the consideration of an immortal spirit ; despising pain, and toil, acd peril ; almost courting mar tyrdom ; immovable by threats of ven geance, or by hope of reward; alike inac ceB6ible to flattery and to fear— bat for that one ttan I would hold the East in my hand today '. For the fleet was largely manned and officered by Christians, and all things were arranged to deliver up the ships to me, when this fierce, invincible, immovable presbyter poured out the angry torrent of his eloquence and learning, urging the Christians to obey all laws of the government under which they lived that were not contrary to conscience, and denouncirg those who night engage on either Bide in favor of an earthly ruler as traitors to Christ and Hia kingdom. Their courage shriveled up_ before his fierce denuncia tion as if it had been smitten by the wrath of God, and all the carefully prepared plans for getting possession of more than half the fleet of Licinius, and especially of the great galleys with three banks of oars, faded away before the breath of this one irreconcilable and immovable man. Then the attention of the Emperor Licinius having been called to the matter, he made a lustra tion of his army and navy, and dishonorably dismissed therefrom every man who refused to offer sacrifice to the gods ; and also from bis civil service, and from his palaces. And since that day there hath been no man in the ser vice of Licinius that is a Christian. Bat the emperor sent to AriuB a parchment giving to him legal authority to preach the gospel publicly in his city of Alexandria, because his gospel had saved the fleet ; and the stem, un compromising presbyter sent it back with a message that his authority to preach was from boo, not from man,' 'For what reason did Arius so bitterly take sides against thee, the favorite of God, tbe protector of the Church V ., 'Jt would be unjust,' eaid Conet»atin», to say that he ever did so. He did not; twit his powerful influence in holding the Christiana of Egytt and of Syria to strictest neutrality was the most injurious policy he coali have pursued against me ; but be would havs par sued the same course against any [other riil-r in the world.' fTobe continued, i 