The Invisible Tailor and ' Tailoress. —-A isr A'n olT) c^rriucu.TOR From the win Jo iv of the little tailoress one .conld see the windows of Colonel Fontaine's great house. As she trimmed her kerosene lamp and-its yellow Game grew brighter, the white, glittering gaslight Gashed np with* in every room of the fine mansion. Two little geraninm pots where upon her window sili. All over Colonel Fontaine’s house were hot-honse flowers in baskets and vases, and blooming on their parent stems in the con servatory. ' Two strips of rag carpet, and fonr painted chairs, and an eight-day clock, and a picture of the infant Jesas, and two green plaster of Paris parrots—these and a table, and some ware on the closet shelves, were all the pro perty, real and personal, of the little tailor ess. One chair in Colonel Fontaine’s house was worth all her' possessions. Every soft of fine upholstery, articles of virtu, carpets that cost incredible suras, pictures by the old masters and the new one3 that were fash ionable, everything that can be crammed in to a house to make it sumptuous, you found in Colonel Fontaine's. It vd’ar enough to make a little woman en vious. The tailoress turned down her light, and laid aside her work—it was in no terrible hurry—and went and sat by her windows, looked over towards this fine house, where they toiled not, neither did they spin, wish ing, as many a hard-working woman has wished before, that her lot had been cast in such paths. As she sat gazing and envying, there en tered the room another person. It was the little tailor, husband to the little tailoress. He also came and sat in the window. j . “There are to be fine doings there at Fon tune’s,” he said. “ I have just been talking to black Sam, the waiter. lie waits there to-night. Two hundred pound does not. spread the table. Think of that! . “ Ah! it’s fine to be some folks,” said the tailoress. “ Yes, indeed,” said the tailor. “Yes,yes, Dolly. Yes, yes!”' Then they looked ont again in silence. The silver stars were out in the sky and a little crescent moon; the frost glittered on the branches of the trees along tho streets and on the window panes; but tbo lace curtains only half hid the splendor within that lighted mansion. The musicians were, coming — a whole band of them. They jabbered in German as they filed up the steps. They had their in struments in green haze bags ana in long blackboxes. - _ • . ' “ It’s plain there is to, bo dancing,” said the little' tailor. ; ^ A -y;■ . *• Ah 1 .poor folks don’t'gct much time- to dance,”said the tailoress. - ■ - She folded her arms and looked A little cross as she-said this: Her husband- also looked very moody. They had betterhave.; dropped their curtain and goiie to" their' stitching; all. that splendor v/ns niaking th'siA' horribly discontented. ’ .' j ! “Only two of’em,” said the tailor.,“They. haven't a_ child.” .' 4 . - “ Slch men -for lack.-anJ-poor .mehArW; "ehiicqw^kT^Hd ‘got thtse>&2? vlys' “ Tfcejjo’sthe jwrrtflgoKCOibpny,” said the taiiori-. •' . -'"j.' The carriages wen.. rolling up. • Shadowy figures .tripped from them, and hurried.up the steps. As the door opened, the glisten ing of silk and the flash of jewels could he seen. •'"’it I “ Ah l’* said toe tailoress, “ and my best: dress is only alpaca-” “ Swaller tails, nodoabt—all of ’em,” said the tailor. “ Oh, dear 1 ’ “Don’t I wish I was her!” said the tailoress. “Don’t I wish I was him!” said the “ Now if only wc could change with ’em,” said the tailoress. “IM take the chances," said the tailor. “ So -would they," said a voice behind The tailor and tailoress turned their heads. A little woman in a black cloak and a rod niglit-cap stood behind them—a very little woman, hardly larger than a child. She held in her hand a broom, and her white elf locks tumbled all about her face. Her eyes were black, and bright as the frosty stars that were glittering in the sky. “ You are surprised to see me, I presume,” said the old woman.-. “ Well,” said the tailor, “ not to be uncivil, we are. Folks usually knocks.” “ I never do that," said the old woman. “ I come through the key-hole.” “ Joking I presume, mum,” said the “No,” said tho old woman. “I’m a The tailoress got behind the tailor as speedily as po33ibic. “I’m a very amiable one, unless I’m vexed,” said the old woman. “ It does vex me to see people scared. I’m sure I’m ’ not an alarming object.” “ I’m not a bit frightened,” said the tailor css ; “ only witches isn't -usual.” '■ “ Oh, I don’t mind you,” said the witch. “ You are notldng but a fool. Here yon are as comfortable as need be, coal in your cellar, food in yonr closet, three rosy children abed in there—you might give them more air, it is true—plenty of work, and all yon need, and yon sit and fret because yon haven’t all the finery in that house. Why, riches don’t make people happy by themselves, never did, and never will.” “ You’re apparently an older lady than what I am,” said the tailoress, “andyou had onghter know be3t, being a witch. Bat I’d like to know how a person that wears silks and velvets every day, and ha3 never fetched the water to wash her own hands, and goes ont a riding behind her own horse, and is complimented and admired the whole of her life, can help being happier than a ‘poor little soul that stitched and stitched^ since before ever she was grown up ; that never rode in anything better than the street can; that counts every shilling before she spends it; has had three children, Lord help her I and has a black alpaca and a bit' of gilt breast-pin for Sundays, and makes her things last year in and year out. “ And not to contradict a lady ami a witch,” said the tailor, “ how is a man that works at a toiling, moiling trade, and half the time an’t paid at that, and ha3 a wife and three children] to feed and clothe and shoe—grum bling over what he gives her at that—to be contented and as happy as a fellow that just writes his name to a cheque when he wants money, and drinks champagne and them things 7” “ A more contented creetar man never had for a. wife,” cried the tailor’s wife, bursting into tears afresh. “I never—” “Hold (yonr tongne,” gsaid the witch. “ Come,-I’ll give yon a chance, to sce.if these pcoplearereally happier. Yon shall go over into that house and take a peep at its mys teries,' if yon like. I’ve only to wave my broom and yon will become invisible. Ton’ll see things no one else sees, hear ^things no one else bears, and, if yon wish to do 60, yon shall afterwards ^change places with them. You shall be Mr.- Fontaine, you shall beHrs. Fontaine, always providing you desire to do so." 5Iy eyes 1" cried the tailor. “ Well, Dolly 7” . : “ It won’t hurt to he invisible, ch 2” cried tlie tailoress. “It’s bit- like taking chloroform, t sapr pose” said the tailor. ' . - “Agreed?" asked the witch. “ res," said the tailor. I The witch wared her boom. “ I feel as if I was going off,” said the tailoress. “ Me, too,” said the tailor. .In a raornentmore the pair felt 'ss light as a couple of feathers or two bits oi‘ thistle down. They were floating about in the air, and felt sure that no one could see them. They tried to grasp each other’s hands, bat there was no substance to hold. They tried to speak, but they bad no voices. Still, in some subtle and incomprehensible way, they commuciatcd their thoughts to each other, without the aid of speech. They were in tho lady’s chamber. She sat all alone there. Her black velvet robe swept over the floor. Diamonds glittered on her bosom and in her ears; on her ronaded arms also. She was abnmetteof the volnp. tnons style of beauty, her red lips, her spark ling eyes, her wonderfully perfect nose, her | little ears, like tiny ear- shells, were beyond | description. She bent over a desk; within it lay a picture—the portrait of a fair man in a uniform. She tslkcd^to it in whispers. “ Tear after year, day after day, hour after hour,” she whispered, “and I cannot forget. Your blood is upon my hands, Jerome. My heart is haunted by your ghost. May God i forgive us both.” There was a sound without—a step at the “ Are you ready, madam 1” said a Toice. j It wa3 that of Colonel Fontaine. The lady arose. | “One moment,” she said. “ Ah, if you would but leave me in. peace—if you would but let me hide myself away somewhere I” “ Again ?” be said. “ Come here, madam. I am waiting for you.” He did not even set his foot across the threshold of the lady’s door, and she obeyed him, and passed out into the wide hall. The invisible tailor and tailores3 flitted out with her. They had ju3t as much curi osity as they had in the flesh. Besides, what did they come for but to listen ? “Doyou suppose I enjoy these scenes!" said Colonel Fontaine. “ You seem to,” she answered. “ You seem to, also,” said the colonel. “It is all seeming with us. They call us an affectionate couple, I presume. They do not know how, sines I found his letters and his picture, we have hated each other.” “I do not hato you, Henry,” said the “ I do bate you," said the colonel. ‘.‘There is no hideous creature begging in the streets that I loathe as I do your beautiful person—I wiio loved you so 1” “ Ah, my God 1” moaned the woman. “ Why torture me so ?” “ I only do it when yon rebel,” said the colonel. “Am I. not .tortured — a lonely, childless-man, with a weight of secret shame : upon my soul ! You doomed me to this life, and you shall expiate the crime. You sliall appear before the world as Colonel Fontaine's wife should. •. For“ten years we have played the farce. We shall play it to the last. I quarrelled with him about a game of cards, jnot. aboutyemi I-slapped him in the face, andhe challenged.me. But he.knew—he -knew why be d;ed, . Tsaw it in his face as I jientithe bulidt tn.his.hcart,” . ; ,‘.l'.“ Ah ; bbve'mercy r’-''m5a’iedvthe,-i|rcman ;merijy,” said;the man. “You livei1 Skilled the more itKtijcent of tho two.; You haye-yo.ur own apartments, I have mine; we only play our little rv.'c of Darby and Joan | before the world. It is not much punish i ment for your crime, and it keeps my name from public shame. ■ Are you ready, madam V’ She bowed. They went down the stairs .together; they were Baluted by their guest ; they saluted them. The dance went on; the music swept into dreamy waltzes; the feilt was eaten, the wine flowed; but the two invisible gucstsjsaw what no one could see with bodily eyes. While the lady smiled and talked, while she danced, while she sang, one form still moved before .her eyes—a phantom, pale and fiery—a beautiful young man in captain’s uniform, with a deep wound in his breast. Its eyes looked toward her, and seemed to say—“Murderess!” And the master of the house—what he saw was this: a life that had no meaning, a trampled love, a shattered faith, a broken heart. His own. “ Want to change with them I" asked the woman in-the red cap and black cloak. “Can, if you choose.” “ For the dear Lord’s sake, take us home,” cried the tailoress. There they were opposite each other in the two chair. The lights still gleamed from the windows of the house over the way, and carriages were rolling from the door. I “ It’3 queer,” said the tailor, “It’s awfully queer,” said the tailoress. “ I suppose it’s all a dream,” said the “ Yes, darling,” said the tailoress. “ Blessed little Dolly,” said the tailor. “ I wouldn't be ber for a kingdom,” said Dolly. “ I wouldn’t be him for a world,” said the “ And how nice it is," said the tailoress, “ to look into the hall bedroom and see ’em so comfortable—baby between us, and Sally and Kitty in the trundle-bed.” “ Yes, Dolly,”said the tailor. ‘‘Ifdon't take a witch to tell us that riches by them-: selves don't make happiness. It's better to be honest and pure end ashamed of nothing,, than to roll in gold with a wicked secret.on he mind. “ We’ll pray for these poor rich people to night, Dolly.” -~ “Amen,” said the tailoress. 