Wrongly Supposed to be Dead. An elderly gentleman residing in the Rue IWki'i.houjirt, Paris, who whs supposed U- be dead, has suddenly conn- to life. He has a ii'phew in Paris, who being duly informed ot his demise repaired at once to the house wiih his wife to keep watch over the mortal reimunb of his uncle until they sliouic! be borne to their last resting place. The even ing after their arrival at the house of mourn ing, as the lady was tired, lier husband sent her lo the drawing room to take some repose on a sofa ; and a servant having placed some wine and broth on a Jtable, he threw him self into hu arm-chair in the bedroom and soon went soundly to sleep. (Jii awaking at 4 in the morning he found that the broth had disappeared and that the bottle of wine was half-empty. Becoming alarmed he went to hia wife in the drawiiig-ro.nn, roused her, and told her what had happened. She re turned to the bed ; ooiii with him, but the pnir hud hardly reached the door when they hi»ird a noise. They paused uu the I hnwhold, mid to their consternation a voice bade them not to be iifirud but to come in. The hus liaud entered the room, but, suon rushed out with his hair standing on end. He Imd seen liis ancle's ghost. The old man was sitting enveloped iu a sheet, on the side of his bod. The supposed corpse had the utmost iliffijulty in getting Mb panic stricken relatives to understand that he was not dead after all. ' I nm alive !' he repeated, adding that the preparations for his (funeral had not escaped his notice. He hivd been in a lethargy, and, raking up, had helped himself *??« tlio broth, which had done him good. Hearing some one reproaching he had jumped into bed, as he was anxious not to cause any nhirm : but Richard was himsnli a^ain. lie felt perfectly recovered, and certainly on further examina tion the uncle's appearance by r.o means belied his words. The refreshment!-; had come in most opportunely to restore him, and, us he was much pleased with the affec tionate attention which his relatives had shown him after his supposed departure from this, world, everything was soon made happy and comfortable all round. The doctor of the quarter Imd not yet officially confirmed' the demise of fhe worthy uncle, who seeirm to have taken a new lease of life. God tries great souls in order to make their virtue take deeper root. ' There are calumnies against which even innocence loses courage. In this -world of change, naught which comes stays, and naught which goes is lost. Thote is nothing richer, nothing surer, nothing mote agreeable than a good experi ence. No fountain is so small but that heaven may be imaged in its bosom. Virtue is easily preserved in solitude ; hut easily lost in the commerce of the world. The sacrifice of our will is the best and jnost acceptable offering that we can/make to God. It is not enough for un to forbid our own tongue to murmur, see must also refuse. to listen to murmurere. . ~-. To juflge of the real importance of an in dividuil, one must think of the effect his: death would produce. Derrittfon Carbine loot the Derby bjrsW bad horsemanship. In » joricket. match in Brisbane T. Rogers i JfcpoV7*-icket« fnr 5 \r,iir. fix bcii\g ?eleiwieS | bowled ii suaSEiuHi. ? 