"ROISE FLEIING," THE STORY OF AN HEIRESS, BY MISS DORA RUSSELL, Authoress of "Annabel's Rival," "Lady Sefton's Pride," "Cresus' Widow," '"Foot prints in the Snow," etc. CHAPTER VIII. AT GREiYSTr.D. In her well-furnished morning room at Greystead, there sat alone, at breakfast time on the Thursday on which Mliss War ranne and Miss Fleming had promised to visit the master of the house, the lady who bore his name, and had brought him the wealth which had now lost so much of its former attractions in his sight. Mrs Wingfield was a plain woman. Theogrey skin, the dull hair, the coarse features, might truly come under the designation,yet, in those light blue eyes there was a.lcok of determination and round ' the corners of the roughly-cut month the'relurked indications of more powerful feelings~ thant the pale, sickly cast of her yguntenance would at first havoled ys. a?sal ppose she possessed:; ,She lard fimnhed her breakfast and sat working,!as.wsa her constant custom, at some huge piece of embroidery and she scarcely looked up from her occupation "when her husband entered the room. ."Goood morniug, Sarah,' said he, politely?'.: : "Good iiorning," she replied, coldly, and then IIrWhimgfield turned his 'atten tion to the gatge pie and smoked ham in sileice.', He did not, however, make much of these dainties, and soon pushed away his plate, and rising from hid seat lit a cigar, and came and stood listlessly, with his hands in his pocket; by his wife's side . "' Did any of the people about here call yesterday l" he asked, presently. : : "Yes," ainwiered Mrs Wingfield, still working steadily in; "i? a Mrs Ridley froni Stammingford, came, and.Mrs Ritlhinond of Ballisburn." "Mrs Itidley, ,from Stammingford ! What the deucesent herhere. I wonder 1" said AMr Win4field, in an amazed tone. • "She said site knew you many years ago." : "Oh, I remember her well' edniugh. She's a-well, a bit of a scandal=monger, I believe. An ugly woman, isn't shli" "She is not a handsoin' one, certainly." iLr Wingfield fidgeted slightfy ashis wife spoke, and then walked a few paces apart frotu her, and then returned . "Sarah," he said, "there are. some people-some old friends of mine-coming to see you to-day." "Are there I" she replied, in an icy tone. "Yes, the Warrannes-Msjor; War? ranne's daughters. They are among the best people about here, and' were, very kind to moe when I was quartered" at Stammingford, and I should, like 'you to pay them some attention niowe." " Mrs Ridley mentioned them," said Mrs Wingfield, still with her eyes fixed steadily on her work.. . "Did she Well, I don't think the War rannes care so very much isbout her. She's not exactly in their set, and I know they used not to visit ]Ier-and, indeed, hold themselves above most of the good folks about here. Warranne'hiinself was a very jolly fellow, and .they come of an old Shropshire family." " Miss [sabel Warranne was very lightly spoken of somie years ago, was she not 1' Mr Wingfield's dark face grew crimson as his wife said this. "Did that cursed woman tell you that l" he asked, roughly. "Let me tell you Sarah, it is a confounded lie. Thei a does not breathe a colder-hearted girl than Isabel Warranne-no, nor peno half so beautiful, I think." " You ought to know, by all accounts," said Mrs Wingfield, and for a moment her grey skin grew a dull, diiuky red. " What do youn mean by that?" asked Mr Wingfield, passionately, throwing away his cigar and confronting his wife. ".What do you mean by your insinustions I If it is that, for years I hare known her-for years been friends with them all, it is true; and I wish you to pay particulahrit tention to the people to whom I owe so much." "I owe them nothing.'' "Perhaps not, but I'd advise you not to enter the lists against Isabel Warranne either fr sharpsess of tongue oranything elsh. She's not the girl to let you escape lightly, if you attenipt to slight her." "She certainly cannot be a girl, at all events." "No." said Mr Wingfield! with emphasis, " She is more than any girl you ever saw. She's a beautiful, perfect woman. Put every girl you ever beheld 'besides her, and see what they'll look." "Mtore innocent, one, i.ay'hope. at any rate." "They won't then," said Mr' Wingfield, angrily, " or more cold, or half auso lovely. She's like someone you may.have read of, but never seen before. Buteoriogh of her beauty. You'll be civil to her, Sarah, when she comes to-day."': "I do not know about that." "I hope you will at all events, and there's another girl coming. too--a pretty. little heiress, a M3iss Fleming." , , "Oh, her father was a business person, was he not 1" "Yes, like yours, but Miss Flemiing scarcely needs the old man'si money to make her attractive. She is a very pretty young woman." "They must be quite a race oi beauties about here, by your aocoast " Well, ysu can judge for yourself. But I will see you at luncheon, and they won't be here before thlen," anil Mr Wing field lit another cisar and tlloiled out into the gardens. How his face chaissed as he walked there, untrammelled by'the evrer wearisome presence of his wife And sith knit hisi black brows and clenched his hatids, as he thought with Litter auger ofwhat alshe had just said of IsabeL ---: "Oh, fool; fool that I'hlavetleen !" he groaned, half-aloud, as love, teondrness, and fond recollection swept through his heart with irresistible power.. ':" What ha?i I donel Threarn away all my happiness for nioneyr-for miotney wrhich is htitful 'ithlout it . It itideed, seined soito hisi thet." Be forgot, amnid his wealth, the painful and degradio- influentees whichl jierty had once exerciset'dT s Ihis life, and only now felt the.gasilisg nature of the ties in which he hai bontd himself, and which:psrted him by an insurmtountable barrier'from the woman he loved. When he hiad first met Iesahcl again, a few years after his manriage, just when he had becdote entirely accustomed to, ind perhaps a little weary of, tUse respectability of his new position, all the oild feelings at the sight of her beautiftil' face, had re turned to hiit witlh enfold deeper and etrosger passion than hefere. Then, overwhelmed with dillietlties, he had fled from her presence, tilling him self it was impoasible, and Isaviug hier broken-hearted. ansd aluone. Now," .with wealth, ease and all that he formerly so eagerly desired at.his command, he yielded to a restless Ilsiing for hier society, and had., under tihe influence of this feelisng, persuaded hisi wife to take Greystead, though he knew bhj doiig so he was again exposing'Isabel'to the most cruel sus plOcias. Scarcely were they settled in their new home befoois this actually occured. The visitlr from Sinmmintgfsrd, Mrs RIidley, whom Mrs Wingfiel d had mentioed t, her husband, cinsidered it her pleasing duty, onher risit there, to inflrm thIe al ready jealouts end Ceactisg wife of the old attachment which iad existed b-htween IMr Wingfield and Miss Isabel Warraune, and Mrs W\ingfield at slnce dceteromied to throw ever)y obstacle in the way of their renewed intismacy. Butiso hald as yet scant r?eason to fear her haughty rival, asl wo.ld have acted with more prudence and wised,m if she had treated Isabel with conciliation asnd re spect, for, from the time of their meeting after MIr Winsfield's marriage, Isabel seemed only to find pleasure in tormenting him, and never missed an opportunity of a taunt or a jest at his expense. Even at their first interview, when he came to speak to her, nervous and almost overpowered at seeing again the woman whom he had ever remembered with such passionate regret, she greeted hitm half scornfully, half.kindly-some love, per haps, still shining in her dark, full eyes, but with light and jesting words upon her lips. " Oh, Isabel," he said at last to her, his patience wort, out by her careless manner, " do you remember nothing I" " Yes, too much," she replied, for a moment changing her tone, but she re called it-, and asked him how he liked be. ing rich. "You were a wise man, Captain Wing. field," she said, "and I mean to follow your example." Then he bit his lips and frowned, yet dared to offer no objection, and as it had been in this first interview, so it had been in the many which had taken place sitnce thee. During the years which Rose Fleming had been abroad, Isabel had taken a fancy to going up town and staying with Dr. Gordon Gibson, who was always glad to welcome the daughter of his old friend, and was not a little pleased to think that tome day or other site might get a good husband under his roof, for the attach ment of George Elwin was soon apparent to his patron's kindly eyes. But Isabel was not content now with the honest and open homage of the young doctor. Immersed in business, George Elwin could not give her the complete de votion for which her soul hungered, and it pleased her--with a restless feeling of gratification and pleasure-to see again that devotion in the eyes of her old lover; the knowledge being sweet to her that she could now cause Walter Wingfield some of the same bitter pain lie had given herlong ago.. And having extracted ar, unwilling promise from RoseoFleming to accompany her on a visit to Mrs Wingfield, she almost insisted on her fulfilling it, end Rosey yielding to her wishes, they started to gether forGreystead onil the day which had originally been agreed upon between Mr Wingfield and Isabel. When they reached, it, they were ushered into thestately drawing-room, and as Isabel pointed out to Itrsey the splein did furniture and costly ornaments, she shrugged her shoulders, saying : "She payed a goodly pride for him, did she not 1" " The words had, scarcely left her lips when the door opened and Mrs Wingfield tentered the room.' She received them with thescantiest of courtesy- so muchino, that Isabel's cheeks grew crimson'and her dark eyes flast?ed so brilliantly that the palo, coldiwife beheld her looking at the fullest perfection of her almost matchless beauty.. i. ' You have gone to the ballsabout here for many years I conclude 1" she said; in her icy tones, addressing Isabel, whetr some allusion was made in the conversa tion to a dance which was expected to take place shortly in the neighbourhood. S"Yes," answered Isabel, :"for many years, and used' to dance chiefly with your husband, I think, long ago." "I understand he knew you intimately before his marriage," said Mrs Wingfield. "And since, equally so-or perhaps more so," replied Miss Warianne. At that-minute Air Wingfield entered, and Isabel, determined to punish the woman for her insolence, received him with the kindest of welcomes-so much so, that he soon seemed to forget every thing but the delight of being with'her, and of sunning himself in her rare smnilesI "Yore promised to show. us your grounds and the old ruins, ghosts and all," she said gaily. "Conme, Mr Wingfield, we will lead the way, and leave Rosey and Mrs Wingfield to follow." . And he, but too glad to obey her, started up, and the two went out'together. " ' " "Will you come, Mrs -Wingfield 1" asked Rtosey, almost timidly, addressing their hostess. - - - - But the lady threw up her head, aud answered: , '1'o, thank you, I prefer seeing as little of a person of Miss- Isabel::War ranue'a character as possible." - !; a "I can sonly look upon such a iemark made on my friend as an insult, Mrs Wirig field," said Mosey, risingi with' some dignity, and blushing deeply is solseapoke. For a mombent; 3 is Wnigfield made no reply, and then she said i " You will excuse me, I hope, Miss Fleming; " when I tell you that I think it is a great pity for a young person like yourself to be seen so much' tith her." "You must allow me to be the best judge of that," answered Ro'sey, and then; with a slight bow to the mistress of the hnuse, she left the room, intendinig to join Isabel and Wingfield in the gardens.` She' felt, naturally, muchlin`iiniydd and her' cheeks were flushed and her hands trembled, as she walked round the grounds in search of Isabel, but she could see nuo appearance of hier, so she retirned tio the carringe, whichl was standing at the front entrance of the house and inquired of her servants if they had seen Miss Warranne "ShIe. and:;iOiptin Winhgfeld : went towards ' the ruin,'" answered one of the men, and Rosey aecordingly at once turned her steps in that directidn.: " The (ruin" consists of one of the old towers of Greystead, the rest of the' ianlent hall having fallet into decay and stands at the left side "of the house, and thitler :Rosey nof wenit ii qiruest of lher 1As she passed by a tlhick yew hedge Swhlch surrounds one part of its base, she heaid Isabel saying i "Etmouuh of this, Walter, enoug. I i do "ist blame you, but you see to what you have.exposed 'me by bringing mie here." " She shall repent'it to the end sil her daysan,"saiwered Mlr Wingfield's viic?;'in a low, excited tone: "To be insolent to ii n--t, you, in miy house?-yiu, to whom everything here belnongs ? Oh! Isabel if you ould linut believe "Isabel-Isabel !" cried Rosey, loiudly, fearfullest?she should hear any more of their costersaition.. " Where are you I tHow shiall lcome rund " : -", -"Are you there., Rosey T' said Isabel.' We were just going over' the ruin, nd nowfou'lleomse with us. W'Vait hi;re youi are and we'll join you directly," and the next miniute she and Mr Witifield appeared. .. - "(Toe Ceontren l 