DIFFERENT KINDS OF j COURAGE. A dentist who has the largest practice in one of our seaboard cities was asked lately which class of his patients bore the prolonged torture of his craft with most courage. He replied, promptly: ! " Women, of course. A woman blanches before sudden danger, even the attack of a mouse. But her organization, and usually her training, teach her to endure pain." " Which class is the most cowardly ?" He replied with a smile : " Soldiers. One of the foremost generals of the Civil War, who led his corps through a dozen fierce battles, grows pale and shivers when I put the probe to his teeth." A story of the famous General Garner, who led the Southern troops in the War of 1812, is still told in Virginia. It illustrates the -two kinds of courage. The ruins of an ancient church were standing, in the beginning of this century, in Cope Parish, Virginia. Ghastly legends of demons that haunted it were told and be] lieved in the neighborhood, and mysterious lights which were seen J among the ruins—they may have | been kindled by runaway negroes ■ —gave confirmation to them. General Garner, with another officer of high rank, was overtaken by a storm at midnight, near this \- church. The general resolved to seek shelter in the haunted ruins, J but his companion preferred to face the storm rather than the j ghosts, and kept on his way. j Garner tied his horse and walked ' up to the doorway of the church, j Suddenly a troop of soft white forms broke from the^ darkness j within and, tramping him to the ; earth, passed over him with noiseless ] footsteps and without a sound. Garner's shrieks for help rent j the night. As soon as his dumb ■ assailants had vanished he jumped j on to his horse and followed his ! friend at a gallop in an agony of terror. The next morning they re- f turned and found on the highway j the footprints of a flock of sheep! No brave deed thereafter of this really courageous her© could hinder the mischievous boys of Westmoreland County from greeting him with an occasional Ba-a! One of the most gallant of English officers in the Peninsular War was observed by a comrade to grow pale and shudder when riding into action. " What! Tou are afraid!" he exclaimed, in amazed contempt. " Yes" replied his comrade. "I am. "If you were as much afraid — ». ,, '."I... „ as I, you would run away. Nothing could more,clearly define the difference between moral and animal courage than the spectacle of this frightened man riding resolutely into the Jaws of death. The highest courage is not Born with us. The true hero is not the silly fool who risks his life, like a beast of prey, for every petty quarrel, but he who knows the full value of it, who guards it from chance dangers and calmly offers it, if called for, a sacrifice to ad\x=req-\ | vance a high or helpful aim. 