Chapter 1.—Continued, ,? . ? Won't you como in? I'm to show you to your room.' ? It wob tho gonnt scrvaDt vrho flu dreBBfd mo. I turnod, nnd : ? followed her into a low loDg bell, dark, ;'cool, and old-fashioned,- snob ns tho ; outside of the house had prepcrod mc i for; up an oak-lined staircase; through ?' o few of those short and Inconvenient passages which abound in old houses Mrthathavo been added to from time to .' time, to a corner-room, shabby, dark, " and berolookingi where oy boxes were 'already iaetallod. I eat dowa on oneof these, the only friendly things I had abont mc, and began to ory. Somebody might have even come to the door to meet mc! I thought "of .Mr"'Read's words, and began Jo wonder with a new sense of dread what Mrs Bayner was like. Was sho an invalid ? Was, she—- mad? If not, why had she left the correspondence about hor /child's governess entirely to her haeband ? My ;. tears 'dried'slowly as I went on puzzling -, myself uselessly about this mystery "whioh must bo so Tory Boon solved ; and "I ?was scarcely roady when the servant ' returned to tell mc that toa was waiting -for mc. Bat my curiosity woo only to be sharpened. Tea was prepared for, ,mc clone, the servant eaying that Mr' Raynor was baay, and had hia taken "into the study. Not a word about Mrs Rayner—np sign of a pnpil! Bo great was my anxioty and curiosity that I forgot how hungry I wae, and in a few'; minutes I had finished my tea, and wae standing by the window looking out into the garden. ... [ It was not yet seven o'eloob, and a bright summer evening. A light breeze had sprung up and was swayiiig the tops of the trees that grew thickly round the house. On tho side of the dining-room a mossy lawn stretched from the roots of the trees right op to the Frenob windows. I opined one of these and went oat. I had never been in onoh a beantifnl garden before. Tho grass was soft and springy aod well kept; there were no stiff beds of geraniums end verbenas, bfrt under the trens and against Jhe bouse, and wherever there was a spare corner, grow clamps of Sootoh end monthly roses, Cantnrbnry bolls, prince's feather,' and such simple flowers. The house was built on the vory border of the Marsh, at the bottom of a hill whioh sloped down, covered with trees, towards the dining-room side of the houeo. I made, my way ronnd to the front and the portico—from here one' caught glimpses of the marsh throngh the thick trees. I followed a gra??-path cut through thorn, facing the front of the house, until I came to tho pond whioh had excited my admiration from the dog cert. Here the vegetation grow un ohecked. Tbo water wae half covered with smooth groon dackweod and water lilies, and the roeda and rashes, which tall and thick ronnd the margin, had oncronched much upon the little sheet of wafer. The path 1 had followed was continued within a few feet of tho pond to tho onter rdge of tbo little wood which enclosod the house and garden ; there a few rough s'eps over the feaee conneated it with the foot-path along the border of the march, which joined the road at the doecont of tho hill. This was the short cut- by which Mr Bay nor had reaohed the house before ua that afternoon. I had turned back towards tho garden, and was close to the pool, when I hoard a low crooning sound which seemed to come out of tho ground nt my feet; ? Looking about, I saw sitting among the reeds, at tho very edge of the water—bo oloao to it that her little shoes kept elippiog in the moist yielding earth—a tiny elfi?h'-looking child, about two years old, in a dirty white frock and pinafore, w.ith a email pale wrinkled face ?nd thin straight red hair, who rooked herself to and fro and went on with her monotonous chant without seeming at ell "disturbed by the appearance of a stranger. Bhe only stared at mc, with out altering her positiou, when I told her that sho must not sit so near tho water,' or she .would fall in and be drowned ; but, when I stooped to lift her- up, ehe proved ber humanity by soreamiug londly and reproaching mc id baby langaago too indistinct for mc to uaderetapd. I supposed her to be the child of the. gardener or of some neigh bouring cottager, and, not quite knowing what to do with her) I carried her, still sareaming, to tho house, whore: I met the servant whom I had already seen. "T found this child Bitting with her feet nearly in the pond 1' I said tragi* cally. ??'????.' " Oh, yes, miep, there's no keeping, ber away from the pond 1 She's there' pretty nearly all dey by herself. Come, ' now, Mono, it's time for you to go to bed.o'! Dirty little girl, look at yonr pinsfore 1' '??. . : ~ : ? She took tLe child from mc, thankful ' to have btfen spared the trouble of hunt-; ingtetfd catching the littlejwild thing, and carried her off, leaving mc wondering whether, my pupil wonld be as eerie , a creature 68 ber sister. As there was nothing to,invite mn to stay.ia doors, I went out again, this time to explore tho aide of the bouse which faced tho marsh. Here the grass grew nntrim mtd and rank up to the very wall; and eb I made my way throngh it, my feet sank from time to time into unseen little pools and swamps, which wetted them tip to the ankles after a few steps. How ever, I went on as carefully as I conld, past a tangle of ihrnbe, yew-trees, and straggling briars, uDtil, poshing aside the low hanging branches of a barberry tree, I found myself within a few feet of a window, so heavily shaded by gnarled and knotted ivy that for a few moments 1 did not notice a woman's lace staring at mo intently through the glass. As soon ss I caught sight of the sunken face and large lustreless gray eyes, I knew by ber likeness to tho child at the pond that this wee Mrs Rayner. I re treated in as leienrely like manner ea I could, trying to look as if X had not ecea her j' -forthere ?'" was" something" in IHij, eager, hopeleaB stare of her eyes as mine* met thorn which made mo feel like a spy. I crept back Into tho houee and up to my room,, unpacked my boxoe, and sat down to write to my mother an account ] of my journey and. arrival, >: I did not tell her quite all that I had seen, or.all the strange impressionsthis first evening had made upon me. . I felt Very anxious, to commnnioste them to somebody; bat my mother was a gentlo nsiroas woman, whom' I had already, yoong as 1 wei, loomed to lend, rather than be led byj; I know that the least suggestion of mystery would cause her an agony of doubt and anxiety abont hor child whioh I oonld not alloy by loiter ; bo I con-i tented myself with a doooription of tho piotureeque beauty of the plsca and of Mr Rayner's kindness.'-I had toi'finish.; this by candle-light, and/, when I;had ended, I rose and wont to tho windoow to give one more look at the scene under ? a new aspect. My window, I afterwards found, was over , the one at which I had seen MM. Bayner'e face; it was high enough from the ground for me to have,' through the gap between the trees, a good view of the marsh and the bills b*- yond. ,.;-! ?? y ..?;;: ?h : -.K ; '-^?*r'i""! -;j?;>:\ : ; ; ?' A low - cry of admiration burst from me as I looked out. Over all the wido erpanee of mareb, whioh seemed [to stretch for milee on either hand, lay a! white mist, .rising only a few feet fromj tho ground, but-so thipk as to look like; a silver lake in the moonlight; a range! of hills two or three miks off seemed to!, mnrkthe opposite shore. The mist was' dense under my window, too, on the very grass that I had waded through a : couple of hours before.' As I looked out and tried to. imagine little fairy boats in the elders whioh rose here and there out of. the mist-hidden marsh, a shiver passed over me ; end I drew in my head with a sudden change of thought. ? '?'??' 'How cold it is 1 Mr. and Mrs. Rayser mint be devoted admirers of the picturesque to live in a house that moat be so very damp!' Chapter II.; .", I was down in the dining-room the next morning, with the unfailing punctuality of a new .comer, at the eound of.tBe breakfaflt-bsll, before any one else was there. Mr. Rsyner came in t> few "handsome, \ cheerful, but ratbor; pro-occupied ; and I was listening to bis bright smeU-tolk with the polite stranger's smile when I die covered, without having heard, any 'sound, that Mrs Roy nor was in the room. She had glided in like a ghost, land, withont more. interest in the life around her than a ghost might show, phe was standing at the table, waiting. I was thankful to see that there was no trace in her eyes now of the stoadfaet eager gaze which had disconcerted me on the night before, nothing but the iimpest indifference to me in the way in Which she held out her band when her husband introduced me. :. ; ' She muat have been pretty ten years ago," I thought, as I looked at her thin face, with the fsir faded com plexion and dull gray eyeB. ; There was a gentleness- about hor which would have been grace still, if she had taken any pains to set off by a little womanly coquetry her slim girl-like figure, small thin hands, and the masses of long brown hair which were carelessly and unbecomingly dragged away from'her forehead and twisted up on her .head. . ? Then the door: opened, and the servants came in to prayers, with the elfish baby and .a pretty delicate-looking child, bine-eyed and fair-haired, who was presented to me before breakfast as Haidee,-my pupil, ,..,?/',-. , / . j Nobody talked during the meal but Mr Rayner,.and the only other notice ablo thing wae the, improper behaviour, of the'baby", who kept throwing bits of bread at her father when he was not looking, and aimed a blow with a spoon at him when ho passed her chair to cut him'sdlf some cold moot. : He saw it and laughed at her. ...?!: )< It is a most extraordinary thing, Miss Christie,' said he ; ' but .that child hatea me.' .'? ? <<?.?;? ; J I thought he spoke in fan ; bat, be fore I had been long at the Alders, I found that it was troo that this most unpleasant baby's strongest feeling was dislike of her though ; there ee'emed to be no reason for it, since ho novor did - anything harsher than taagh at her. She would not even take sweets from bis hand. ; . ? . ? ' You dq not yet know, what primitive people joa have .come among, Misa Chrielio/ said Mr Raynor during breakfast. ?Wβ dine hero at half-poet ode. we. were to suggest late dinner,- we should beva to prepare our own food; like 'excorhmudicated persons; It is hard aa.it ,ie to lcoop.our modest etaff of, .B'e'rvaritsr- -They eay the-place'is' damp, which, being interpreted, means/ that it is too far for tboir 'young men ' in! thos town to eomo- nnd eee; thetn. Wjore younot earprieed at ths' wording loftaj advertjiement'? ,!(i ' ; i <"??/ *'' ; " * Yee, MrllaynerV -.-" '??-?? : ?<' ; : -" ' My.j.wifo' was afraid that '? it' would' frighten off many deeirable young Indioe by its ogreieh abruptness. The fact is, the lady who has just .left us,, quite - a typical instructrasa <\t forty, with pro minent teeth and glasses, nearly fright enedour-livee out. Sho wouldn't "talk, and my wife wan to a cheerful companion;, aid she aoid aho was dying with rheu-" ( matiem, and threatened to prosecute me for decoying.hor to such a damp pldco. So we registered a solemn vow that we would have nothing to do with hoar antiqiuty again.' 1 How coald slio oay anytbiog againet such- o lovely place I' . : ' Well, now, Mise Christie, I grant she had a show of reason on her side. I have BomolimeB thought tho placo damp myself; bat nay wife has got attached j to it; haven't yon, Lole?' ; ' Ves,' Reid ehff, without a sign of feeling or'interest ? ? ; ?And, so.we remain," he went on. 'A lady's wishes must bo coneiJered ; and ' Ihero sire ppecisl reasons why theyeboold j be in this You mutt know, Miss Christie,- that %i om ? a pennileaa ?wratbby dapendent 'on' my wife ;' am -1 not, Lola? , .Hβ toraod playfully to hor. ' . that," eaid eho gently, but with no more warmth thnn beforoi ' 'PraciioflHj I am' he por'sieted. . J3ho was qd ; heiroee,; I a roiued spendthrift, when she married mc. Yet she traetsd < mc ; and the only. condition ehe.,wonld allow her friendeto make was>thatil flhonld'Bottlo in the country—-ont-of the xaeoli of tempiK If on , / you ccc, '?"' M:*e ChriaHei";;, ?.; , \ "] . Hβ epoke with eomefeoling, and looked affeotionately at hie wifo at tho end of this unexpectedly frank confession ; but: she remainod 8B itapassiyo O8:evor t ; -\ ' ll I~could not help foefing' rather , iorry foriMrBayner.i Hewas.alwoyB'kind and attentive with hie wife; but, whether he was in a bright mood, and tried to moko her smile, or eilent, and needing to be roused lout of his gravity, eho was always the snme, limp, nervo less, apathetic, spooking when necesaory in ; a' 16w! Boft'yqicei'ejowly,: w}th'maby pauses. She had a habit of letting the, last words of. a sentence die upon her lipa, and then,, after a few moments, as if by an effort, she would eay them nloudi 1 soon grew quite afraid of her, started if I met her unexpectedly, and felt more restrained in her presence than if olid had been; one of those brilliant .satirical ".wbmen-.who'taker.tbe colour oafe;pf ; the rest of her sex. Anxious to shake bffthia strange diffidence, , which was beginning to oast a shadow over my: life, I offered to .read to her when my short hopra oiotudy with* my pnpils were over.' ' ?' ; '? !; l i} ; She accepted my offer, and I went into the drawing-room that, wry 1 after noon, r and read her some'chapters of Adam Bede, while she sat in a rooking-j 'chair'iRith.a pieae of embroidery making Blow progress with tbe thin white fingers. \ I stopped at the end of eaoh chapter, ?; waiting the; comment which -never; came, and rather hoping for some, little 1 compliment upon. ray, reading, ai ac complishmont I took prida in. But ehe: only said' Ihonk you'^verygently,ond, when11 , asked her if I fihould go' on, ?'Tes; : if;U r wilI not tire yoniiv.'.;; .;,',.;. '"' PreVehtiy I found but ihat sheiiwaa exceptlor : a i f j ew,miji}jje.8 aie time,,hut,thatj she.was sitting with i with 'her (embroidery, while hor eyes : wero fixed job ; deep 'sadness iti thorn which! 'conirasted i strangely with herusual '< apathiti'o' in i difference to all,things v v8tUl IrepcLon, ip^eteridingyot ; td'not{ce'her;mpod,%nlil jsuoh a heavy despairing sigh broke from her pale lips that my heart beat fnet for pity; and I involantarily stopped ! ehoit in my reading, and raised my eyes, with teorB in them;'to hers. Bhe started, and, turning towards me, seemed to hold my eyes fixed on by the fascination'' of agaze whioh seemed anxious to!pene trate to tho deepest recsases of my thoughts. A little colour csme to her pheeks ; I could see her breast heaving through the muslin gown she wore; ehe half stretched out one hand towards me, pnd > in another' moment I beliove , she would have called mo to her side, when a voioe from behind her ohair atartled us both/>"'- ..' :, ";-'; ; . '..:'-: '.??'" '"" 1 Mr Rayner had entered the room so soitly thatwe had not heard him. ' 'i : \ < "Sou look tired, my dearest ;Lola,' said he gently ; ' you had better go and lie down for a little while.' . ,... At the sound of her husband's voice Mrs Rayner had shrunk bnck into her, nana! stateeque self, like a sensitive: plant tonohed . by rough fingoro—so > qaichly too that for a moment I almost thought, aa I glanced at the plaoid ex-: proBsionlosB fuoe, that I must havo imagined the: look of despair atfd the gesture of invitation. I timidly offered to read her to sleep, hut she deolined at onco, almoet Abruptly for her, and,-with some conventional thanks for my trouble, took tbe arm her husband held out, thanked: him as he carefully nropped round her a little shawl that she gener ally, wore, and left the room with him,;.;;;' I :,,- ??? ? {^ o ie Oontimicd) 