amusements. THE DRAMA, &C.; It may be safely averred tliat there h&vo; been Is many distinct and differentiated interpreta tions of the character of Hamlet as there have toea distinguished actors Binco tho days of bhabspearo. Some artists have taken the view that the Prince was mad ; some that he simply emulated mental aberration the better to work oat his purpose of revenging his father's mur der, while others admit his sanity up to a cor- tain point in the play, when his reason was de throned. Thoro was tho view that Ham- Mi was only a more refined version of Moltm- C oly Jacques. Then he was made a psycholo gical study, next a philosopher and observer of Mure, learned in Plato and the ancient clas- Mi, from whom he drew not a few of his reflec tions and speculations. There have been thoso Who regard him as a savage at heart, with a fft0 veueor of civilisation nndhook knowledge. ne actors who, by their impersonations of tha P i uvo 6hed a lustre upon tho stago, may M reckoned by tho score. Even here at m antipodes there have been witnessed idmirablo expositions of this most d gmatical creation of Shakspearo's genius. orcmo3t amongst theso may be mentioned wooke, Montgomery, Chnrles Kean and Edwin was, Tho Hamlet of Edwin Adams was Fj naps the closest approximation to tho Sliaks- conception of tho noblo Dane. .. 0 10 ,4,e6t contributions to tho clacida- 0 complex problem involved in tho Owl' V Uam,et was supplied by Mr. Sstnr? Tr at 1110 Princess's Theatre on m . a.n'SL His Hamlet may bo described dnm!'," emotional, ornate and molo- ahiMi) 'he traditional business is Snfiii-W «' Poin,s ' originality introduced p._ . to 14,10 nn old playgoer's breath away. LI 'T',n membcra of tl10 Profession, it may dvinii'ii.1 bid hotter opportunities of stu- X? ;b0 performance of Hamlet by leading rtorsthan Mr. Warner. He has been more Whar'" f.a ccn'nry, wo heliovo, an "PcrionMl lQ addUltm to Lis Powers . ? ? posMssod of high intellectual Wlh m'»n 1 e,D$,',T.0 teadlnE. and acquaintance (1ST icinr i , "E3, 14 m«y f>o said that if could thoroughly grain the meanimr of the character it should be Mr. Warner. That he has claims to many natural and adventitious advantages, and that in many respects his Hamlet is a very fine performance cannot be gainsaid j yet to onr mind it seomed on Saturday night to bo unequal, lacking in impressivencss and that grandeur and fixity of nurpose that appoal so potontly to tho imagination. Mr. Warner was spasmodic in parts, his best points were mndo in spurts, and his rapidity of utterance occasionally renacred the text unin telligible. This peculiarity was manifested in the very tempest — tho whirlwind of passion towards the close of the play. In tho earlier scenes and in tho soliloquies ho spoke in calm and measured terms not infrequently almost in a whisper. There was little attempt at decla mation. Elocutionary effect was sacrificed to the pervading strain of musing, retrospec tion, nnd increased perturbation. It requiros a voice sweet, yet resonant, and capable of great modulation, to give full effect to the soliloquies of Hamlet. To repeat some of these as Mr. X\ arncr prefers to do, like a man thinking aloud, may be more in consonance with the idea sought to be worked out, but tho dramatic significance was entirely lost. In the first two acts Mr. Warner appeared to he collecting his energies for what was to follow. It was not until ho appears to be struck by tho thought that tho play was the thing to test tho guilt or innocence of the King that he seemed to warm up to the business, and bore he made an excellent point, not so much iu seizing the pen as if about to write the speech for the players as the curtain falls, but in the cxpresion of the features and the manner in which he suits the action to the words. Ho is not so rude to love lorn Ophelia as aro most Ilainlets, and for this concession to nobility of feeling an audience could net but feel grateful. Ho impressed ono in this scene as having nrrived at the conclusion that tho time had passed away for fooling, and that thenceforward he must devote himself to the work of ven geance, Tho impassioned kisses ho imprints upon Ophelia's baud, the tenderness with which he looks into her eyes, and then rushes away as if seeking to escape from tho thoughts that oppressed and saddened him, wero ovideuces of the actor's delicate perception of the situa tion, and to our mind the most vivid and rea listic of all this gentleman's efforts through out tho perfor nance. Tho scene of the play had little original to recommend it, except Hint Mr. Warner subdued tho tendency to grim ace and attitudinise which many actors in dulge in when approaching tho king. The interview between Hamlet and his mother which follows was full of life and spontaneity, but it wqb not unlike an interpolation to announce his approach to the chamber of a Queen, by calling in loud tones " Mother, Mother " boforo ho enters. His reproaches, his passionate remonstrances, his almost brutal violence, culminating in the slaughter of old Polonius, rendered tho audi ence 6pell bound. The grave scene, and that whero the King is surprised at prayer, showed a leaning in the direction of the melodramatic, bnt it was not until tha dnel with Laertes and the close of the tiagedy that one lost sight of tho identity of the Prince, as he has been hitherto known to us. Mr. Warner's perfor mance was admirable unquestionably, and if it failed to satisfy the judgraeut of all who witnessod it, still it was clear that the ma jority of the audience were with tho artist. Miss Morris made a fairly acceptable Ophelia. Tho part is one of the most thankless amongst ail Shakspearo's heroines, and there have been few actresses capable of making their mark in it. On tho whole, Mr. Warner was very inade quately supported. However excelloot tho com- puny may have been in comedy thoy certainly made a poor figuro in Shakspeare. As for the gentleman who played the King it might he said of him as was observed by an indignant subject of one of tho Georges " Call th&tc; Kins, that thins (hare 1 have accn much flucr at Iliirtlamy Far.1' Miss Watt-Tanuer in appearance alone was suited to the part of the Queen. Mr. J. L. Hall mado a capital first grave digger, infusing into it all tho grim humor that is associated with the part. Mr. Cates looked Laertes, noth ing moro. Tho ghost was perhaps the weakest part in tiie cast, ft might have served for farcical purposes. In a sobor representation of Hamlet it was enougli to upset the equanimity of tho nudicucc. The Octoroon was performed on Saturday night at the Alexandra Theatre, Miss Ada Ward in tho part of Zoo. The piece was very creditably staged, and ihe company worked well togothcr. Miss Blanche Lewis played Dora Sunnysides, and as usual showed good taste and intelligence. A moro promising young actress there is not on tho boards. Mr. W, G. Caroy as tho Indian Wahnotcc dividod tho honors with tho loading lady. It is a part woli 6uitcd to Ilia style and it must bo confessed that he did it every justico. Mr. Russell's Jacob M'Clusky was also meritorious. Tho exceptions to tho goncral excclleuco were few and tho tho management may ho fairly complimented upon tho success of tho evening's entertain ment. Taken from Life, a sensational drama was played at tho Theatre Royal on Saturday night to a crowded houso. The piece was stagod very effectively, and tho sceno of tho blowing up of Clcrkonwell Frison was quito a triumph of realism. Mr- Bland nolt had a very humorous part, that of Titus Nott, a thorough scoundrel, and ho was woli supported by Mrs. Bland Holt, Xliss Agnes Thomas and Miss Maggie Oliver. It is superfluous to add that tho parts taken by such well known favorites as Mr B. N. Jones. Mr. Clias. Hoiloway and Mr. Anson wero played with ability, bnt for which the drama would have had little show of succors. „ There was a change of programme at the Freemasons' Hall on Saturday night, when the French Comedy Company played La Joie de la Maison in lieu of La Joio Fait Pour. The plot of tho former may he briefly described. M, and Mme. de Silly (XL Marsay and Mile. Linange) have been estranged for many years, and are living apart, the latter near d'Etampes with her mother, Mme. do Barmont (Mme. Raymond) and her daughter, Cecile (Mile Dermaucourt); the former in Paris, assisted in tho management of his establishment by Caro line (Mile, Rachel). At the commencement of tho piece, Cecile, who is just of marriage able age, discovers through the information of of her cousin, Hector Duronsel (XL Blanchot), a young officer just rcturued from Algeria, that her father is in Paris, and not in America, as she had been led to suppose. Sho immediately conceives tho design of of reconciling her parents, aoi, to this end, she makes her cousin propose to marry her, and induces her mother and graudinother to consent to the match, her father's sanction' being alone wanting. Hector and Cecillc visit M. Silly and manage affuirs so adroitly that the old gentleman's affection and respect for his wife revive,' in proof of which ho challenges a gentleman to a duel for having spoken insultingly of XIadnmo Silly. When tho latter is made acquainted with the fact, she, too, relents and a rcconciltatioa ensues, tho immediate result of which is that the young people are married. Mme Dcrmnuconrt and XI. Blanchot appeared in the leading parts and played with refinement and artistic feeling. The minor parls were also satis factorily filled. The Cogiil Brothers continue to draw good houses at St. George's Hail. Frank Clark's company, at the Victoria Hall are doiug excellent business. Monty Brown has severed his connection with Clark's Atl Star Company. Clancarty holds tho boards at Her Majesty's in Sydney. The Hoiloway Compnny have returned from Tasmania, after a brief bnt fairly successful season, and have returned to Sydney. The Pickpocket lias replaced the School for Scandal at the Sydney Criterion, with Mr. Miss Amy Horton, after a splendid season in Sydney, proposes shortly to return to Mel bourne. Mr. Harry Richards is having a good time of it in Sydney, where his character songs and comicalities liavo always proved popular. Tho success of Miss Finkelstein, who lectures on social life in the Holy Land, was quite phenomenal in Adelaide. Her appearance iii Mclbourno under tho mauagemont of Xfr. R. S. Smythe is annonnced. 