The Essayist. Chips.-IV. ABOUT RUSKIN. BY A. G. Not a few people know little more of Ruskin than one is able to pick up by reading in the newspapers occasional extracts from his more recent speeches and letters—extracts seized upon only too often with an eagerness in exact proportion to their hastiness or querulousness of expression, not unfrequently torn from their context, and with seldom any adequate hint as to the circumstance that called them forth. It is difficult to call to mind any recent allusion to the ageing art-critic that seemed to have any object other than that of holding him up to ridicule. The sad news of bis insanity was announced the other day in a local paper under the heading 4 4 Ruskin Gone Mad.'' The big letters, the coarse wording—the latter appropriate enough if Ruskin were the name of some prize dog—seemed a rude cry of triumph of the unthoughtful over the mind that gave us, yes true, the bitter uncalled-for acrimony of recent letters; but also, be it remembered: 44 Modern Painters," " The Stones of Yenioe," 44 The Seven Lamps of Architecture," " Sesame and Lilies," "Dust," and various other things. The man must not be gauged by the ill tempered little wickednesses of angry speech, but oy tho main result of his life-work as found in his works. Bearing these in mind, and the noble endeavour to promote truth found therein, every feeling heart must be touched by the knowledge of the terrible affliction that has be fallen him, an affliction that may befall anyone of us. His loss of reason is an explanation of all that he has said daring late years that his friends knew to be unbecoming. Who, cursed with inoipient brain disease, ought to be judged by the petulant or fierce words, the outcome of intense irritation caused by direst pain P Let us cease to think of Ruskin himself aa having been speaking in all that he may notkave been accountable for—tho discord of sweet bells jangled out of tune ; lot us dismiss, if we oan, from our minds all that has of late years crept like shadows across our earlier conception of him, and look through this first volume of his autobiography, not with the curiosity of vulgar minds to find therein sad symptoms of on coming aberration—alas! they exist—but to give due heed lest even hero we miss some lesson he might teach us. 44 Prtuterita" (that whioh is past): " Outlines of Soones and Thoughts Perhaps Worthy of Memory in my Past life." To those who weigh the words they read, aa Mr. Ruskin, when he wot himself, weighed tho words he wrote, this title page has a significance. 44 Perhaps" is a little word, but as used to qualify the worth of our own words and actions, of scenes in whioh we are the central point, it comes naturally to us only when the illusions of life lie behind us, when age and experience have taught us that youth is, for the most part, egoism—a necessary egoism doubtless—and that all that has been momentous in our individual career may only, after all, bo 44 perhaps" worthy of being put on record. There lies in this word as used here by a man of renown the humility that comes to those who, as the autumn of life advances, recognise the littleness of human fame and the insignificance of the individual in the economy of the mighty universe. Doubtless, over and over again, Ruskin, as all enthusiasts do, has spoken as if he alone had wisdom, but here one of his latest words gives us the other side of tho shiold—let us give it due consideration in an attempt to readjust our estimate of the man. Let it wipe from just minds the memory of other words of his—tho acrimonious retort, the uncalled-for attack, the furious denunciation of his later mm.l, falling, and alas ! perhaps, con sciously falling, into ruins. If we find in "Pr aeterita'' much that is trivial— scenes from a child's life that must be parallel with scenes from hundreds of children's lives— we must not only remember that to those who have themselves no power of expression this simple statement, of what reads like passages from their own experience, will be full of charm; but also that the keynote to this tone in the book is struck in the preface: "I have written these sketches of effort aud inoident in former years for my friends; and for those of the public who have been pleasod by my books. I have written them therefore frankly, garrulously, and at ease; speaking of what it gives me joy to remember at any length I like; and passing in total silence things which I have no pleasure in reviewing." Llut, even to those who care nothing about Mr. Ruskin personally, and whose recol lection of their own childhood leaves them in no way curious to compare it with that of another, to those who have no wish to know anything about the formative influences at work upon the great art critic during the impressible years of ohildhood, the book may have a value and be read with advantage as a speoimen of beautiful English. In these days of shipshod paragraphs, sensa tional detail, and inaccurately used adjectives, 4 'Prteterita'' is refreshing as is the sight and Bound of unpretending rippling rivulet to the weary jaded dweller in the dusty town. And among the easy yet finished sentences that have the fitness and grace of always being in perfect harmony with thoir subject, be it trivial or be it sublime, one comes here and there across some gem of thought that, even to the most exacting, must compensate for what is commonplace elsewhere. All who had in their own ohildhood tender conscientious parents and simple home .surroundings will find that allusions of his wake up memories of their own earliest days— memories that have long slumbered; and, falling perhaps into a momentary reverie as they turn the pages of " Pneterita," they will see around them the apparently forgotten faces and familiar objects of daily life that met their young eyes in that golden time when all life lay before them, and, for a transient moment, they may become once more in thought what they were before the wear and tear of life despoiled them of the hope that is the strength of youth, and the innocence that is its crown. In the first chapter called the Springs of Wandel, because from babyhood the stream fed by these springs was a joy to the observant lonely child, we get the information that John Ruskin, as his father was before him, is a «4 violent Tory." But listen:—" A Tory of the school of Walter Scott and Homer. This Tory ism is a most sincere love of kings and dislike of everybody who attempted to disobey them. Only both by Homer ana Scott I was taught strange ideas about kings, which I find for the present muoh obsolete; for I perceived that both the author of the Iliad and the author of Waver ley made their kings or king- loving persons do harder work than anybody else. Tydides or Idomeneus always killed twenty Trojans to other people's one, and Redgauntlet speared more salmon than any of the Sol way fishermen ; and—whioh was particularly a subject of admi ration to me—l observed that they not only did more, but in proportion to their doings got less, than other people —nay that the best of them were even ready to govern for nothing! and let their followers divide any quantity of spoil or profit. Of late it has seemed to me that the idea of a king has become exactly the contrary of this, and that it has been supposed the duty of superior persons generally to govern less, and get more than anybody else." Buskin's father was a wine merchant (im porting from the vineyards of the firm), who began life with " no capital and a considerable amount of debts bequeathed him by my grand father. He accepted the bequest, and paid them all before he began to lay by anything for himself; for whioh his best friends called him a fool, and I, not doubting his wisdom, have written on the granite slab over bis grave that he was 4 an entirely honest merchant.'" This satisfaction in the integrity of his father reminds me of a remark I heard the other day from the lips of an English girl who is " roughing it" in the colonies, preferring a life of independence to being supported by relatives. " Yes, we have no money. We have to governess or something for our living. Our father died poor, but he paid twenty thillingt in the pound all hit life." That knowledge is a noble dowry—some perhaps prefer it even to bard cash, but—l fear me—it is a rare boast in these days of easy insolvency. The boy Rußkin was brought up in aaimfolarly strict mannor by his too puritanical mother, who had waited through a mno years' engagement for his father, the nine years being the time it took the latter to payoff his inheritance of debt. Tho child was not allowed to have toys; 44 nor did I," says he, " painfully wish, what I was never permitted for an instant to heps, or even imagine, the possession of suoh things as one saw in toy shops. The law was that I should find my own amusement." Once, his favourite aunt, the vivacious wife of a baker, who lived in Market-street, Croydon, "on one of my birthdays, thinking to overcome my mother's resolution by splendour of temptation, bought the most radiant Punch and Judy she could find in all tho Soho Bazaar—as big as a real Punch and Judy, all dressed in scarlet and gold, and that would dance. My mother was obliged to accept them, but afterwards quietly told me it was not right that I should have them; and I never saw them again." Poor little chap ! He never had any brothers and sisters, was not allowed to be in a field with a pony, nor to go near a pond lest he should fall in. He says his idea of art in those early days " involved the possession of a large pot filled with paint of the brighest green, and a brush that would come out of it Boppy ;" but in the prim household in Hunter street, Brunswick- square, and afterwards at Heme Hill, it is scaroely to be supposed he over got hold of them. 44 My mother had, as she afterwards told me solemnly, ' devoted mo to God' before I waß bom; in imitation of Hannah. Very good women are remarkably apt to mako awuy with their children prematurely in this manner ; the roal meaning of tho pious act bciu.-*, that a-* the sons of Zebedee are not, or at lea&t; tbtiy hope not, to Bit on the right and left of Christ in His kingdom, their own sons may perhaps, the/ think, in time be advanced to that respectable position in eternal life; especially if they ask Christ very humbly for it every day; and they always forget in the most naive way that the position is not His to give. ' Devoting me to God' meant, as far as my mother knew herself what she meant, that she would try to send me to college and make a clergyman of me." But it was not the destiny of John Ruskin to become an evangelical clergyman. The name of the wine-merchant firm in Billiter-Btreet was Ruskin, Telford, and Domecq. Domeoq was the proprietor of the vineyard, of Macharnudo, the most precious hillside for the growth of white wine in the Spanish peninsula. The quality of the Maoharnudo vintage essentially fixed the standard of Xeres or dry sherris or sherry from the days of Henry the Fifth to our own. Peter Domecq lived in Paris. He had four daughters with one of whom John Ruskin when in his teens was deeply in love for four years. Telford, the other partner, took charge of the Billiter-Btreet business only while the elder Ruskin was away on his annual two months' holiday, which was spent in going up and down throughout the length and breadth of England and the.Lowlands of Scotland with his wife and obild in a ooaoh and four, travelling for orders and calling upon oountry customers who liked to see the prinoipal of the firm going round himself among them. The specially holiday part of it was a turning aside from business routes to visit every object of picturesque or hiatorio interest by the way. There are some delightful descriptions of these coaching expeditions: "To my great benefit, as I grew older, I saw nearly all the noblemen's houses in England ; in reverent and healthy delight of unoovetous admiration, per ceiving, as soon as I could perceive any political truth at all, that it was probably muoh happier to live in a small house, and have Warwick Castle to be astonished at, than to live in War wiok Castle and have nothing to be astonished at; but that at all events it would not make Brunswick-square in the least more pleasantly habitable to pull Warwiok Castle down." The second chapter, called " Heme Hill Almond Blossoms, whioh like the flret was published in almost the same form some time ago in " Fors Clavigera," is perhaps the most interesting of the twelve, although there is little one can cull for quotation. There is a striking appropriateness of epithet in the description of the scenery around Dulwioh before the Nor wood hills were built over. There are sentences the rhythmic beat of whioh must recur to the reader who has any ear for music and any taste for poetic idealisation, when in future he sees objects similar to those described. The gardens round the house at Heme Hill with their flowers and fruits and paths seem as familiar as our own, though we should hardly have spoken of red and white currants as " clus tered pearl and pendant ruby joyfully dis coverable under the large leaves that looked tike vine." And of the almond blossoms: 44 The first joy of the year being in its snow drops, the second, and cardinal one, was in the almond blossom; every other garden and woodland gladness following from that in an unbroken order of kindling flower and shadowy leaf" (observe that 4 kindling flower and shadowy leaf); " and for many and many a year to oome, until indeed the whole of life beoamo autumn to me, my chief prayer for the kindness of Heaven, in its flowerful seasons, was that the frost might not touch the almond blossom." Whatever may have been the hurtful and narrowing influence of the precise home-life at Heme Hill, Ruskin was blessed above many in his early surroundings. He tolls us that he learned there the perfect meaning of peace, in thought, act, and word. " I never bad heard my father's or mother's voice once raised in any question with each other; nor seen an angry, or even slightly hurt or offended, glance in the eyes of either. I had never heard a servant scolded; nor even suddenly, passion ately, or in any severe manner, blamed. I had never seen a moment's trouble or disorder in any household matter, nor anything whatever either done in a hurry or undone in due time. I had no conception of such a feeling as anxiety, for my father never spent more than half his income, and therefore found himself little in commoded by occasional variations in the total of it. I had never done any wrong that I knew of—beyond occasionally delaying the hm_m» to heart at earn* isnpreeinf MBtonos, that I might watch a waap on the window pane, or a bird in the cherry tree; and I had never see* any grief. "Nexttotbisqmite prioetess gift of Peace. I had reeeivod the perfect amderelanding of the natures of Obedience and Faith. I obeyed word, or lilted Anger, of father or mother, simply as a .•Up bee hoe*; not only without idea of resistance, but receiving the direction as a part of my own life and force, a helpful law, aa necessary to me in every moral action as the law of gravity in leaping. And my practice in Faith was soon complete ; nothing was ever promised me that was not given; nothing ever threatened me that was not inflicted ; and nothing ever told me that was not true. Peace, obedience, faith, these three for chief good; next to these the habit of fixed attention with both eyes and mind—this being the main practical faculty of my life." Then, after counting his blessings, he goes on to speak of his " equally dominant calamities." 44 First, that I had nothing to love. 44 My parents were—in a sort —visible powers of nature to me, no more loved than the sun and moon; only I should have been annoyed and puzzled if either of them had gone out (how much now when both are darkened !) — Btill less did I love God; not that I had any quarrel with Him, or fear of Him, but found what people told me was His Bervico disagrco ablo; and what people told me was His book not entertaining. I had no companions to quartel with, neither ; nobody to assist, and nobody to thank. The evil consequence of all this was not, however, what might perhaps have beeu oxpocted, that I grew up selfibh or unuffectionate; but that when affection did come it curao with violence utterly rampant und unmanageable, at least by me, who nevor before had anything to manage. 44 For|(second of chief calamities) I had nothing to endure. Danger or pain of any kind I knew not; my strength was never exercised, my patience never tried, and my courage never fortified. Not that I was ever afraid of any thing—either ghosts, thunder, or beasts; and one of the nearest approaches to insubordina tion which I was ever tempted into as a child was in passionate effort to get leave to play with the lion's cubs in Womb well's menagerie. 44 Thirdly, I was taught no precision nor etiquette of manners. It was enough if I remained unobtrusive and replied to a question without shyness; but the shyness oame later, and I found it impossible to acquire in advanoed life dexterity in any bodily exercise, Bkill in any pleasing accomplishment, or ease and tact in ordinary behaviour. 4 4 Lastly, and chief of ovils. My judgment of right and wrong, and powers of independent action, were left entirely undeveloped; because the bridle and blinkers were never taken off me. The ceaseless authority exercised over my youth left me, when oast out at last into the world, unable for some time to do more than drift with its vortices. My character was cramped but not disciplined; only by protection innocent, instead of by practice virtuous." But we must pass on. In the sixth chapter —Sohaffhausen and Milan—we get an account of Ruskin's first glimpse of the Alps. The little party, now travelling on tbe Continent for six months, proceeded by coach or boat as was most convenient. Late one night, after the gates were closed, they reaohed Sohaffhausen, and the next day, after muoh sightseeing, they wandered on well out of the town, and stood at gaze high above the Rhine "across the open country to the south and west, when suddenly —behold—beyond!" " There was no thought in any of us for a moment of their being clouds. They were dear as crystal, sharp on the pure horizon sky and already tinged with rose by the sinking sun. Infinitely beyond all that we had. ever thought or dreamed, the seen walls of lost Eden could not have appeared more beauti ful to us; nor more awful, round heaven, the walls of sacred Death. It is not possible to imagine in any time of the world a more blessed entrance into life for a child of such a temperament as mine. Thus in perfect health of life and fire of heart, not wanting to be any thing but the boy I was, not wanting to bave anything more than I had ; knowing of sorrow only just so muoh as to make life serious to me, not enough to slacken in the least its sinews; and with so muoh of science mixed with feeling aa to make the sight of the Alps not only tbe revelation of the beauty of the earth, but the opening of the first page of its volume, I went down that evening from the garden terrace of Sohaffhausen with my destiny fixed in all of it that was to be sacred and useful. To that terrace and the shore of the lake of Geneva my heart and faith return to this day in every impulse that is yet nobly alive in them, and every thought that has in it help or peace." Then, in chapter nine—the Col de la Fauoille —we get the following anent the Jura:—" The Jura Bky is as calm and clear as that of the rest of France; if the day is bright on the Slain, the bounding hills are bright also; the ura rook, balanced in the make of it between chalk and marble, weathers indeed into curious rifts and furrows, but rarely breaks loose, and has long ago clothed itself either with forest flowers or with sweet short grass and all blossoms that love sunshine. The pure air, even on this lower ledge of a thousand feet above sea, cherishes their sweetest scents and liveliest colours, and the winter gives them rest under thawless serenity of snow. No whisper, nor murmur, nor patter, nor song of streamlet disturbs the enchanted silence of open Jura. The rain- cloud clasps her cliffs, and floats along her fields; it passes, and in an hour the rooks are dry, and only beads of dew left in the Alchemilla leaves; but of rivulet or brook no vestige yesterday, or to-day, or to morrow. Through unseen fissures and filmy orannies the waters of cliff and plain havo alike vanished, only far down in the depths of the main valley glides the strong river unoonsoious of ohange. One is taught thus much for one's earliest losson in the two stages from Poligny to Ohampagnole, level over tho absolutely orisp turf and sun-bright rook, without so muoh water anywhere as a cross could grow in or a tadpole wag his tail in; and then by a zigzag of shady road down to the single-arched bridge that leaps the Am, whioh pauses underneath in magnificent pools of clear pale green—the green of spring leaves—then clashes into foam, half weir, half natural cascade, and into a con fused race of currents beneath hollow over hanging of crag festooned with leafage. The .only marvel is. to anyone knowing Jura structure, that rivers should be visible any where at all, and that the rocks should be consistent enough to carry thorn in open air through the great valloys without perpetual 4 pertes' (disappearances), liko that of the Rhone." But enough. Hear Ruskin one minute more in conclusion. " I wonder mightily now what sort of a creature I should have turned out if Love had been with me in my early youth instead of against mo; and instead of the dis traoting and useless pain I had had the joy of approved love, and the untenable incalculable motive of its sympathy and praise. It seems to me that such things are not allowed in this world. Tho men capable of tho highest imaginative passion are always tossed on fiery waves by it; the men who find it smooth water and not scalding are of another sort." Poor Ruskin! Tho British Roman Catholic Directory for 1888 states that there are now in England and Wales, 2314 priests, as against 1728 in 1875, serving 1304 churches, chapels, and missionary stations. In Scotland there aro five bishops and 334 priests, serving 327 chapels, churches, and stations. The estimated Roman Catholic population of the Unitod Kingdom is : England and Wales, 1,354,000; Scotland, 32(i,000; Ireland, 3,001,000; total, 5,011,000. Tho oldest urm-ohairjiu tho world is the throne of Queen Hatafu, who flourished iv Eorpt lflO!) years n.c. It is mado of ebony, uud. is beautifully carved. It is now ouo of the most recent treasures of the Brit—h Museum. 