f. 55 GUINEAS REM ARB. ' Br feed c. milford: GUlNEAS R'-WARn-— Whcrca8 during trC_7 the past month a felonious attempt has been made to, personate Sir Philip Wylde, Bart., Fifty-five Guineas Reward will be paid tor informa tion leading to the detection of the culprit.— John Bfycc, Solicitor, tia., Bedford Row, W.C. " WHialR-n-n ! Mark 1 B ang i Bang!" ("Hang it!") "Mark O— ver ! bang !" Then the " Hi ! Cock, cook, cock !" of the heaters, and the " Click, click, clack, clack !" of their sticks amongst the trees and underwood, recommences. " Mark ! Hare back ! Bang !" Surely, there are few things more delightful than a bright November morning in a well-stocked covert, when the barrels ring out sharp and true, and a clever "right and left" attests the pleasing fact that your ' eye is ia" aud that you are " holdiug straight.11 What a picture that old cock-pheasant is, as lie. gets up almost : at your feet an 3 gues straight away from you on whirring wings with the sun glinting down through the trees on his brown back and beautiful a '.lire-ringed neck, until you stop his (light with a dose of No. "o ! Aud, as you drop your barrels and put in a fresh cartridge, look ! there, to the right, stealing awav like a grey ghost through the trees — bang ! Bravo ! you've dropped him as dead as a stone — a long shot, too — and pocketed (he invariable half-crown sweep for the first woodcock. " W e're most to the end of this bit, sir,' says the head-keeper, who lud just ranged alongside. " Outside here, please, and get forward to the colonel on the far-sido of the gate. W'c shall beat up to you, and there'll be morc'ii enough for two guns at the corner, sir." And away I hurry along the bordering stubble until a "couple of hundred yards brings me in view of Colones Barnes, who holds lip a warning haud, and I lay to and await events. " Mark 0 — ver !" faintly born to us on the soft south-west wind, puts us both on the alert. Hero ho comes, failing away high above the trees and right over the colonel's head, a rare rocketer and hard to stop. Bang! and, struck by the invisible blow, down he comes with a thud into the stubble behind us. Poor bird ! \Yhat mndc him pick out the deadliest pair of barrels in ihc county, to run the gauntlet of ? A rustic in the edge of the cover! to my left, and out steals a fine old jack-hare. A moment's pause, aud then away he races across the open. 1 let him go some thirty yards and (hen bowl him over scientifically. Presently out comes our host from a gap in the hedge, a little beyond tile colonel, and then, a moment or two l.itor, Master Tom emerges from the overt, n little higher up still. The "click, clack" of the beaters' slicks is getting more audible now -, ibey arc working up closer to us and la dansc ra commences in a minute or two. I stow a few more cartridges into mv right hand pocket from mv bag, ant place the latter, well open aud handy, at my fuel;. At last — " Mark- !" " Wliir-r-r-r ! whir-r-r-r" — up they get and try to make good their flight. " Whir-r-r-r First, a brace together, then three, (hen a single bird ; then five or six in a "bouquet." The fun grows fast and furious, my barrels are getting uncomfortably hot, and, load as fast as I will, many a bird goes away to my left unattended to,, while I long for a second gun and a quick loader. "A hare or two lop out of covert and speed a y u motived exeppt by a glance out of the corner of my eye. You may thank your company for your immunity, my four-footed friends; this is too hot a corner to waste a cartridge on "fur" and risk empty barrels when "feathers" are rising at every moment. Presently the birds get up singly and farther apart; then, a pause, " Whir-r-r-r," right under my nose. I let hiin go past me twenty yards or so, for it is no good blowing a fine bird into a cocked hat, and then drop him artistically. He is the last, how ever, for hero comes the beaters, and the comer is finished. " A fine, head of game, and a good bag for four guns," remarks Colonel Barnes, as I join him. " They brought up that, comer in capital style; Pollevfcn," he calls out to our host. " We didn't manage it as well, last year." " No ; Dcspern rather muddled it, I remember," says the squire, coining towards us. " By the bye. his undcr- keepur gave me a note from him just now; . 11c writes that, though his head was still too shaky to allow of bis shouting to-day, he hopes to juiu us at lu 'lull. He adds that he hears von are with us. Kustace, and wishes not' to lose the opportunity of thank ing you for what happened last week." " None too soon, either, to toy liud," growls the coloiicl, who thinks h .t Mr. Duspei'ii might have acknow ledged his indebtedness a littie earlier, for sever 1 days have elapsed since the accident at N Junction. " "Weil, the Innclieon-b.isket was to meet us at the bottom of the hill -at me ' o'clock," says Mr. Pollexfen. " Bv George !" — looking at his watch — " it is ten past now. Come along iird meet, it ; J feel hungry enough to eat a whale." As we followed the squire on his all-important quest, I drew C-olonel Barnes a little behind the others and reminded hint of his promise to aid my plans even, at the cost of an en forced civility towards his biie noir " All right, dear lad," he said ; "you may trust me. No 'personal feelings of mine shall mar your plans ; but- you must -let me have my little grumble on tlie .sly. The freer the safety-valve, the less chance of an explosion, you know. You are com manding officer on this campaign, and I promise blind obedience. How do you propose to set to work ?"r " I must wait on events," I an swered. " I hare a sort of intuition that my meeting to-day with Maurice Dcspern will, in some fashion or other, turn out to be an eventful one." The luncheon-basket was in course of being unpacked when the sound of hoofs was heard coining along the lane, aud in another minuts Dcspern made his appearance on a neat- look ing brown cob, which the Hextou under-keeper ran forward to take charge of, as his master dismounted to join our little grouji. After exchanging greetings with Mr. Pollexfen, he turned to me and shook my hand with a heartiness that went far to appease the colonel's irri tation at what, jealous of any ap parent- lack of appreciation of my conduct at N Junction, he had considered as a want of gratitude on Maurice Despcrn's part. " I really don't know what to say to you in the way of thanks, Captain Eustace," said the new- comer. " I daren't think what another instant would have brought for me, the other day, had it not been for your unsel fish pluck. The doctor would not let mc leave the house till to-day, or 1 should have been over to thank you before now. 1 did try to write you a note, but I was never a good hand at expressing myself on paper, even at the best of times, and my brain has been buzzing with the crack on the head I received that morning, ever since." " Please do not say anything more about it, Mr. Despern,11 I said. " 1 was very glad to have been of service. Sec, the others arc wolfing tha( lunch at a rate that will promise us little be side the crumbs if we don't cut in without delay." " Well, how did the top covert turn uiit this morning, Mr. Pollexfen ? " asked Despern, sitting down and help-' ing himself to some cold grouse and a glass of sherry. " Better than ever," was the reply. " I was very sorry you weren't re covered enough to carry a gun." "Ah! the doctor put his veto on that. The fact is, I have been knocked altogether out of time. 1 have almost made up my mind to take a run oil the Continent for a bit. for change of air," — I pricked up my ears — if only I could find a tenant for Iiexton Abbey. Can any of you put mc ou to the right- man?" Who can aecouut for sudden im pulses ? What was it that moved nie to speak, without a moment's though!, without a shadow of hesitation f 1 cannot say ; but. so it was. Turning towards the speaker. I s >.id quietly — " I am open to take a country place for a few months or so. Would it suit me ! I dare say, if it- would, that we could come to terms." Both the colonel and Mr. Pollexfen looked at mc in astonishment. "It certainly did seem a ' rum start' for a bachelor ui a marching regiment, with a limited amount of leave," said the former to mc afterwards ; "until it occurred to me that it might be some suddenly devise! strategic movement to take Despern in the rear." The owner of Hextou Abbey was delighted, and suggested that I should come over for a couple of days and make a thorough inspection of the house and grounds for myself. " I am wi h Colon 1 llarue's," I said, looking appealing)' at the old warrior, who, though wondering what this new departure in the plan of campaign might portend, had now seemingly re covered his equanimity. "If Colonel Barnes would also houour me," began Despern. " 1 shall bs delighted to accept Mr. Despcrn's invitation," said the old gentleman, taking the cue from my look of appeal: and, after it had been settled that the colonel and I were to drive over to the Abbey on the mor row for the few days' stay which would enable mo to make my inspec tion and settle arrangements with its owner, Maurice Despern made his adieux and rode off, leaving us to re commence our slaughter. " 1 hope I haven't t ried your kind ness too far. colonel," I said as we trudged off to the next covert. " I w»h acting on a strangely powerful impulse which I really felt utterly un able to resist, or to account for." " I told you that you were com manding officer on this occasion." was the reply. " I don't like Despern, it is true ; but it won't kill me to stay a couple of days at his house. 1 would do more than that to oblige you, Eustace. But had you no definite plan in your head when youstirtled us by suggesting your -elf as a tenant for Hextou Abbey ?" " None whatever, colonel. "When I first spoke, I pan ashamed to confess that my speech was prompted, as I tol l you before, simply by an un accountable impulse. When Despern pressed, us to come over for a day or two, it certainly occurred to ine that some opportunity might present it self for prosecuting our efforts on Muriel's behalf. The subject may crop up in some way ; who can tell ? At all events, I might possibly gain some, idea of how the laud lies." to bk continued. ' 