CLAUD AECHER'S MISTAKE. Br R. L. Chapter XIV. FROM UBS. LIDDON'S DIART. She means to accept him, of that I am now convinced, for she has written to say she will go with me to PariB, and she knows he will be there, for it was he who planned the trip, here, ona evening, when he heard her Bay she had never been to Paris. I will go throngh with it to the end, bat I muBt be strong—there must not be another exhibition of my despicable weakness. What a mercy that I said nothing on that night when I came to myself and saw him bending over me, his face fall of affection and concern. I don't know what mad words were rising to my. lips, when suddenly, as in a flash, 1 remembered all, and was silent. When I saw hiih take, her. hand, saw the passionate love in hfs eyes, there came over me a terrible feeling, such a'horrible, horrible sinking at the heart, a buzzing in my ears, then darkness and unconsciousness. 1 have not felt quite well since, and I am so white, like a ghost. I think there must be something physically wrong with me. But what does it matter? So much the better if there is. I find myself, lately, so often thinking of my dear mother. How different her life was to mine ! A poor parson's wife, with endless demands upon her time and activity, and with endless straggles to make both ends meet. And yet how healthy and happy she was, always happy, and always cheerful. Someone has Baid—and oh, how truly !— "Happiness is from within and not lrom without" Paris. We. have been here a week. I have not suffered so much as 1 expected, for a curious dual feeling has come over me, and 1 feel as though I were apathetically looking on at another's suffering. Cuthbert is more and more in love every day, and yet nothing will convince me that hiB love is either the real or the right ieeling. He is in love with her beauty only. Her soul is like a closed ilower to him, for she shrinks into a state of impenetrable reserve when he is by. There is another and a better love than this, a love that brings companionship and sympathy of thought and feeling, but he is determined to grasp this imitation of a beau tiful thing, ana some day hs will find it a thorn in hiB hand. I am always with them, but in the galleries I sit apart, whilst they wander abont, as he points out to her the several beauties of the great works, as he did to me once—in those days, when first I knew him, that now seem to belong to another life. I In our long drives I am apparently ab sorbed in my own thoughts, and deaf and blind to words and glances. Was there ever such a friend as I ? I look at Molly with wonder. What life speaks in that rich red hair, that bright colouring that changes at a word or a thought. No wonder Cuthbert is intoxicated by such glowing beauty. Even in my eyes he is almost justified. k "I^ree Days Later. Good heavens, what a dupe of my own fancy I have been 1 Cuthbert has to-day told me a tale that has at last thoroughly opened my eyes to my folly—an astounding tale that seems to me like a wild dream of bis, or my own. It was this<evening that he related it. We were to have cone to the theatre, but Molly was not well. She complained of a head ache, and went to her room almost imme diately after dinner. Cutbbert and I were thus left alone. I saw that he was uneasy and restless, and attributed it to Molly's absence. He moved about the room, went several times to the wiudow, until at last I advised him to go away and smoke. " I don't want to smoke, Rtaoda," hfe said, coming and sitting down close to me.' "I have something to tell you, and 1 don't know how to begin," I trembled. What could he have to say to me that could thus disturb him? "Something to tell me, Cuthbert! - What can Rbe?" " "It will bp rather a long Btory. At one time I thought I should never apeak of it, but i shall h&ve; to tell it soon to Molly, and I want you, mygobd old Mend, to hear it first," - .... ^ after a pause, "with my voyage to China, now four years ago. That was a fatal voyage to me." " An eventful one, at least," 1 answered. "You were shipwrecked." "I was." A deep shadow darkened his face, and he seemed to go on with difficulty. 'You know that, but yon little dream what that shipwreck meant to me. Jihoda, it was the destruction of the best and happieBt part of me, for I saw drowned before me the one woman I have ever loved with all my soul 1" I was petrified and unable to speak. "No words can express my love for tliat woman. It was as great as it was sudden. I know I loved her with the great love that is a mystery, for she was not to be compared with Molly, or with yon, Klioda, in beauty ; she was poor, and of insignificant position, and yet, almost in one instant she became the one woman in the world for me. I loved her for herself, her invisible self, and if she had become lame, or deaf or blind, I should have loved her the more for her suffer ings." " That is love, Cuthbert," I murmured j ' that, and that alone." "But such love as that, Rhoda," he answered sternly, " comes but once in a life, and a man must live, and make the best ot what is left to him." "Tell me more about the girl," I Baid. " Did she love you ?" " Yes, llhoda, she did. I will try to tell you all the story calmly, but it is hard to speak of it, even now. "I saw her, and was attracted by her the first day I went on board. She was in difficulty about some missing luggage, and I assisted her, and so our acquaintance began. "I soon learned that she was an orphan, and had left her home to go to a situation as governess in Foo Chow, as she disliked a stepmother, with whom she had been living in London. " She was very young, very clever, and very wilful, and, although not regularly beautiful, she was fascinating. "Consequently all eyes were soon fixed upon her, and her sayings and doings commented upon, principally by two old tabbies who had constituted themselves the Mrs. Grundy's of the ship. " As I have said, I fell wildly in love with her at first sight. I was rarely away from her side, and our flirtation, as it was called, set all the tongues wagging. "We were both young and foolish, and the more they talked the more reckless we became. All through the long days I was with her, and, worse still in the eyes of the tabbies, all through the long eveniuge too. "Every day I became more infatuated, and every day the passengers treated her with more severity and coldness on account of my infatuation. " Poor Madge, she was undisciplined and wilful, but she was as pure at heart as a child ! " She scarcely looked hex age, which was twenty, for she was very tiny and very young in manner. The idea of her going into the world to fight the battle of lite alone used tc torture me, but I never thought of taking the one step that would effectually prevent hei doing so, until one evening about three days after we had left Ceylon, when sitting in the moonlight by her side, on the apparently deserted deck, my love and the influences 01 the hour were too much for my prudence, and, for the first time, I kissed her. "The kiss was seen, and the passengers, led by the tabbies, had now, indeed, some thing to go upon. "The next day the ship was in an uproar, Madge was reprimanded and cut by the matrons. " One of them attacked me, but I promptly told her to mind her own business. " Nevertheless, I was furious with myself, for I felt 1 bad really done harm to my darling. " She was in tears all day, and the result of all this was that I conceived the idea of marrying her as soon as we should arrive at Hong Kong, transacting my business there, and then harrying back to England at once, to introduce my wife to Mr. Liddon and yourself. When he saw her, I thought he would understand the haste and romance of my marriage, and 1 decided to keep it a pro found secret from everybody until I could see him, and present my wife to him. "Madge agreed to all,and even strengthened me in my idea of secrecy. "The ship, as you know, never reached nong Kong. One night, in a thick fog, she drifted and struck. A heavy sea was running, and the boat in which my poor little love was forced to go—forced, for she wanted to remain with me, and not to be sent with the women and children—upset, and she was drowned. " I plunged in after her, and I wish still I had died with her, but 1 was dragged into a boat and saved. "Alter two days of exposure, hardships, and narrow escapes from those fiends,) the Chinese pirates, we were picked up by a vessel bound for China. The rest you know." Cuthbert ceased abruptly, and his head sank upon the table. 1 think he was weep ing but 1 am not sure. " Poor Cuthbert!" was all I said, and after a few moments he raised his head. ' ■' " Why did you keep this tragedy a secret?" 1 then asked timidly. " Because there seemed so many reasons for doing so, and none for revealing it. Ail my friends would have thought tne a fool. I knew little or nothing of Madge's family, for, like lovers, we had talked only of our selves, and I did not know what annoyances I might have brought about me, by proclaim ing my sliort-lived engagement. So 1 buried my secret and my error in my own heart, and went to work like a tiger to drown thought." "And this accounts for the change your friends remarked in - yon on your return— your gloom, and avoidance of society ?" "Yes, my trouble made me ill and unutter ably wretched." And I—poof, dreaming fool—hearing of his sadness, though it w&b; on my account 