TEE AGE AT WHIGH GIRLS OUGHT TO MARRY. ; If one must generalise as to whether | early or late marriages are preferable, ^ should certainly sny: that more girls are capable of a wiso choice at twenty-fivo than at twenty; and tliat nine-tenths of our girls t wouljl doubtless be happ:or should they,"w'oit nntil the matur^r, period. Two consideration would inflaence me to a preference for marriage late rather than early. In the first place, there is the certainty that a giil of any brains would know a great deal better what she really needed, by way of companionship through life, at twenty-five than she could possibly I Know nt twenty. In tlio second place, I would fain secure to girls the natural, healthful delights of girlhood—that time j when the bud has not quite opened to the sun, and holds at heart the morning's freshne-s. And yet the remembrance of certain girl brides, full of hope and trust, and entering on tho new lite with the frosh enthusiasm of girlhood, constrains me to Wonder whether something may not be loBt from the glory of love when the glory of youth is past. In the two very happiest marriages I • can just now call to mind, one wife married at the age of twenty-eight, tho other at that of(thirty. 4 rd there marriages seam to mo-ideally perfect, l'o these happy pairs 1 would apply my favorite quotation from Jane Epre, where Jane. says,, after her marriage with Rochester, " For us to bo. together, is "to be a3 Ireo as in solitude, as gay as in company." But I would be very far from deducing from those two ideol marriages, the conclusion ".that a! young woman should not marry tinder'the mnture age of twenty-eight. Jn this great world full of men and women, no two "faces are precisely alike, no two hearts aro alike, no two destinies. The Creator, of that humnn nature, from the very divergence of which . romanco becomes possible, never repeats Himself ; and the decision which would bo wiso for one person must naturally be unwise for an other. But 0110 is indisputable, and that is that soman or woman ought to marry until he or she is sufficiently matnro to lo .reasonably certain that.the com panionship prized to-day" will not got to seem, ten or twenty years 1 uter oa, us the'] unwelcome ghost of ;a past folly,—"Our-, solves nnd Our Neighbours," by Louise C.' Moulton. 