fSOMtma SgMHllCN. Tlio following in ono of tho ghost stories which uro flouting about in tho general revival c-f all things spookish which has been npim us for u couple of winters. Tho Esses uro n family as well known aa any going out of Boston to tho North Shore, where thoy have u beautiful summer homo. Seme years ago Mi'.;. list), a charming and cultured woman, died utllarD'oi'd, whoro mIjo had boon staying for a short visit. On tho day of lior death her family physician cliancod to call at tho house at tho seashore to ask for tho health of tho absent lady, ai ho had hoard of tho illness at Hartford. Ho was assured that sho was better and thatjj a letter rccoived that morning pronounced lior out of danger. As ho was leaving tho house ho saw Mrs. Ess cross tho lawn and enter tho liouso by a aido door. Sho passed within a scoro feet from him, but gave no sign of being nwavo of his presence. Ho returned hastily to tho houso, but no one had heard any ono ontcr by tho sido door, which, indeed, proved upon examination to bo locked on tho innido. Tho telegraph soon brought nowa of tho doaLh of Mrs. Ess, which hud taken plaeo at that hour in Hartford. Tho story is unlike many another ono which hus been told, but it derives weight and iutero.it lieio from tho standing o£ tho family and tho exactness with which tho dotails aio vouched for. Tlioro are, howover, a good many ghost tales belonging to Boston families, which oldorly ladies can upon occasion bo induced to [ repeat fur tho edification of appreciative hcareri; and in this connection it may be recalled that tho venerable Comrnodoro Robort BoimOtt l^ovboH, in his 'Autobiography,' givos as a reason for taking a eortain course : 'I was intluonoed also by a vory remarkable droam at Conception, in which Isawmy wifo in great distress, mourning over a member of tho family. This dream mado so great tin impression on my mind that I determined to go iiomo by tho first vessel. It, was afterward provod that tho dream occurred simultaneously with tho funeral of my wife's mother, Mra. Smith. I had becoino somowhat tinctured by superstition in regard to dreams by tho fact that on my way to China in IfU'J I had hud a r-imilar premonition as to tho death of my little daughter Kosa. -I'rvvidvnec I Journal* I 