. . SOCr'AL GOSSIP FROM ENGLAND. ' ' The inhst curious phenomenon of the day is the eigantrc' revival of boxing. We calculate that ,'oii Saturday nights there are 1,500 men engage! in publicsparring in and around Lon don, at nearly 500 'centres' — implyb- gaudienc s or | pernnps iuy,uuu peoiue. i. i J u recent prize "fight near Roueri is. held to have been a " barney." and the way in which Sullivan ia raising difficulties ill committing himself to a red fight for the championship is rapidly alienat ing public .feeling friini him.' Hitherto, for a few- men in the front rank, the piofessioo of pr'ke-tightjr, albeit they scarcely ever had fought, has been a profitable one. Mr "Pony": Moore, the wealthy heal of the Moore and Burgess MinstrelB, who is very particular what husbands'! His 'daughters marrjr, even condes cended , to. give one . of them in marriage to a pugilist named .Mitchell. , Mr Henry Labouahere has been very near giving up . the ghost owing to an attack of " poor man's gout," which nearly touched his heart. The result is one for which all the world would have been sorry, - irrespective of political or other sympathies. His wit, it is irue, is a little out of the fashion. Like Gilbert's, it is too mocking and " denigrating" for the mood of to day. ' Still, his stories are told with a piquancy and finish which other ' raconteurs' cannot quite equal. A characteristic story of his, which is redeemed from jarring on modern taste only by the. way it is tnld, relates to bis own unique appearance in the field, of .Chri-tian missions.: Being on one occasion somewhere in the Holy: Laud in a diplomatic capacity, he invited a: neighbouring missionary of some Loudon society to dinner and by way of making conversation asked him, " How's bus'ness ?" The missionary answered dejectedly that it was bad. He was paid by results, and literally the recent results had not been enough to give hiin food to eat — a statement which Mr Labouchere was inclined to believe froin 'flic, manner in which he was bolting cuth-ads of food. "I pitied the fellow," siys Mr Labnucliare, "and next day 1 asked my "dragonian whether there was no way in which these heathen could lie induced to embrace Christianity.". 'Certainly there, is a way, sir," answered the: dragoman.. " What is that ?" " A bottle of brandy among four." ... "I- bought all the brandy in the place, about! one hundred bo ties," continues AlrL-ibouchere, "and paraded as many of the natives as I had .brandy for, dividing them into messes of four, and then bsdc'thein choose bet ween the faith of their fathers and the brandy. In the after noon my friend the missionary performed four! Tiuhdrert 'baptisms. I thought no moie of the! affair for some years, when one day I met my friend tho missionary— not thu dragonum — in a. shovel hat, gaiters, and an apron! He had evi dently dined: Well every day amce the day of those baptisms. He told mo they had made; him a bishop as a reward for his success. I for get which was his diocese." Air, Lahouchere has been only pulled through his. , -i'luoss . by : the untiring exertions of the sensational physician of the hour, Dr. Robsoii Roose; who thus completes the political circlo of his -piitieiits. Professing himself a "political agnostic,1" he makes it his ambition to get into his care tlie health of every politician of the day. Sir "Andrew Clarke still jealously guards the health of Air ! Gladstone— as a weary '1'nry observed, . It's a race of Clarke against the Coiisfittilion"— but apart from the G.O.A1., Dr. Ilvbspp Ropse. has.1 uow., the enjoyment or the reversion :of the guardianship of every prominent stateman's health, ; His rise has been the nmst extraordinary of modern times. Ton years ago a mote general practitioner in a back Btreet of Brighton, ho now enjoys a practice which Abernethy might have, envied, and which is genarlilly. 'estimated at iiot less (Han LIS, 000 a year — all this success being attained in the tooth of the medical --pipfcspion, end without having ever. "d'ii)o|au;! hour's Reaching ,-ot any seat - of medical loarning. -The other' doctors hate liiin so "touch that there is no crime which they do not attribute; to liim ; but the, acclamations of the fashionable world carry him forward shoulder- high on the path- of triumph. ' His buccoss lias all ariseii.lhrough boiug accidentally iutroducad to , relievo Edmund Yates of some passing p i 1 - ment. ; . : : \ ' !.!' \- The'veubriiblo Sir Robert Cardoti, the father! of thecily corporal ion, has died this' week. Ho was ' a ulan greatly' devoted to charity and religiouswprits— a!fo'ct of which those who knew him chiefly as . the most - persistent of, public V b'anqueteers," probably little dreamed of. By profqsspin lie was a s'ockbroker, in a not very large way of business. His wealth, which was considerable,' was chiefly due to Ilia possessing a share of the gross profits of the third column "of advertisements in- ' Tho Times' newspaper. Ho was a: grandson of ",John .Waiter I.," who founded 'The Times,' and " the column of adverthements.'was'liestiiwed on liia in ther, at the1 w'tdding-' breakfast,' liy ' her fin her in a convivial and molting moment. The column was' divided between , her three - sons, nt her death, and one of thorn, George! an eccentric and a miser, never touched his shire dining a long bachelor lifo. At his death the nccuinula; tions . of half a century went to Sir Robert, who was thereby enabled to stand the fmiinci.il shock, involved in tho failure of his "Alexandra Palace" speculation, a huge pilo in tho northern suburbs, intended to rival the Crystal Palace at Sydenham. Sir Roboit Cardan, who wbb 87 years old, .attended the City Council chamber on the .day. of his death, and moved a voto of condolence wiili tho family of tho late Aldorman Sir John Staple?, K.C.A1.G., also just dead, a man ,20 . years younger than hiinBelf. Sir Robert was quite an institution of London life, and will bo much missed. Many a man has beapiled an intolerably tedious city dinner by watching the good old man steadily eating and .drinking through the ' menu' without missing a dish, or a wine. He never had gout. 