A "Lone Siar Bo-.Peop. " n iOWA.RD I EEL T Day was just breaking on the Chadbourno Trail. The pale mist., surprised by rosy S-uroral were scampering in hurried dishabillo across its wavering outline, tealing their 'trailing night-robes upon the thorny nmrs qunites and scattering filmy draperies in its lihve oak aisles. A few faint stars, through fleecy cloud-rifts, still twinkled tearfully, and but a moment ago the waning moon, that had languished in the western heaven, had lain a pale faie upon the .loping shouldero of a great divide and wearily sunk to rest within its sombre bosom. There is a dewy freshness in the air; a strong dalnp, earthy odour; theh on the wingsof a gentle breeze fragrant forerunner of morning-the scent of a thoueand wild- flowers, swinging their perfumed censers in worship of the coming sun. Meanwhile, in the shadowy vistas of the dim shrubbery, vague, indistinct forms seem moving. They flit to and fro with a skulking and stealthy movement; They seem alert, uneasy, reatless-the ghosts of incarnato suspicion. Suddenly they are off in a body, with a precipitato haste that is ludicrious in its apparent cowardice. Immediately and sharply to the tight comes a quick, startled sound, like that made by a -stone shaken violently in sanoe metal vessel. The sounds increase and seem associated with the movement of sonme i lupeded and hluuber lug animal. Au oath ! a shot! The sulphurous suggestion of man and gulmpow doer ! Vhile t tter a silence imore apparent from the recent explosion, during which the rising orb corneq proudly up the horizon, a large pecun motto, now visible, and ifrom which the recent,disturb:mnces have proeeisdeod, resounds with shrinks and barks, as if all Be llam were I : heo--the inrpotaelt crich of Texan coyotes. Tony die away down the wind. The il- nceo, now, and the sunlight hold sway. Within the still, dim precincts of this motto, the skeleton of a denudel cow-pen stretches its ornaciato length. A cooking stove, lidless, doorles, broken-logged, stares with uncompromising effrontery itt thie encroaching light. Garments "that have survived their usefulness, scattered here and there, like uniforms of the fallen, lend their additional aid to the general air of disconm fiture. Civilisstion seems to have encoinu tered nature and suffered defeat. Thus desolate, since a remote 'round-up,' ins this live-stock Andersonvillo remnainedl. It was left for Mr. F?.ye Howo to revisit its belligercnt remindings and speculate upon its anamlogies. 1 ami not over-confident that tioe geutle man was alive to the.o. Mr. Howe was sleepy. The languor of disturbed dreams clouded his otherwise acute eI;rceptions. At the precise moment that lihe dalwn i upon the reader's cunsciousnies, his bearing is unob setrvant, his attitude unconsidered. The details of his bivouna are in a sense martial, without its vigilance. E]nveloped in his gray blunket and with his head in the hollow of his saddle, he appears lot; ill time embraces of the ilrowsy god. 13ut the pr(sentcO o,f his recently discharged revolver, and at a low yards distance the already stiffening c:aecoas of a coyote betray evidences of iecently aroused energy. The only object at present gifted with volition, however, sceais his belled and hobbled lightsorrol-from certain 'cold gravy' resemblances donominated Oscaur Wdde,' Mr. .I-owne's remote ald scarcartio protest against England's thenl suflicioent recent infliction. Mr. F ye Howe is an American, and does not consider his ountry or its government it necessarily dangerous experiment. Ho is as yet serenely unaware that he can derive any nclighten meat political fronl the 'other side.' Mr. Faye Howe is not a snob; lie is not a toady. M~r. Faye Howe is, nevertheless, between twenty-six and twenty-seven. ?or the next hour or so, the neighbouringi, solitude suffers little change. The hampered mustaig with its unmclodious necompaniment pursues the ancient and equine occupation of Nebuchlladnzzar with mni occasional -nort of satisfaction. A peripatetic ehaparral-otk, t with the unexplainable weakniess of that bird 1 for morning culls, had perched upon a pin- t nacle of the neighbouring cow- pen, and turning his wise head upon one side,-, spculatled for SlOi minutes witlh Igrto uirous gravity and the air of a puzzled i physi:is, a upon the laziness of his extemporized patient ; aund then departed upon his otustomary rounds. f In the meantime, 'the beaus of the long arisen sun shot through the brtanches of the overhanging pi.ans and heated the blonde head of' the sleeper uicomfortably. lie turned uneasily. Later several a?ute twinges made him conscious that he wias an obst:cle to a caravan of pilgrim ante, which held f their inflexiblo line of miarch across Lis recumbent bo y; lie rose to a sit.ting posturo with significaur. haste. Still lihe:vy with the dows of sleep, Mr. Howe becarme nevertheless t aware of a pattering, clickimng sound, r tide by successive objects dropping from the sur- t rounding air. Staggering to his feet, .he instinctively sought the carcase of the dead coyote. It was coveted with the already t present and constantly arriving hosts of the 1 burrowing beeotle. A grim, flhapping shadow intruded itself for a second upon its sul- i steeped outline. He raised his eyes. A turkoy-buzzard with gory crest looked down in ghoul-lilke sedateness from it limb above. I The speedy borml service of southern lati- e tudes was already in progress. With a de- jection of manner, aggravated, no v doubt, by an empty stomach, IHoo-u busied ( hinself iiu the proep-ration of ia prinitive a repast. An adjacent pool of water, of which v the eneircling pecoans were an infalliblo index, assistod hinti in hasty ablutioets-somewhatc perfunctory under th( circunalstances. le- h rCeshed by thlsee sketlhy effonrts, Lohere-kintdled lthe rmbbern ef ]is dyieng ire, out a forked r -iolk of thle moesquite, and tousted sonme strips of.bacon fronlt a piece tiled ip in a sack behind il his saddle. Thle odourof the broilintg mtorcels u \--timulated an appetite alreladly whetlltcd by the e halsamic air of the wilds. ~Vith the aid of a leaf of bread andl s;,iie cool water, dippedil from the neighbouring pool with the brint of his sombrro, he necoimplishl d a hearty~- f, beoauso hungryl-rep:st. The eooipletion of tillisniel, the obserstnt buzzr, rl?now reiln forced by several contenilavliye comrades, awiniledr witlh n p.:tie.;. ctiq'lett, which his presoo0 oentorci T'Ihcn saddlin , silh incongruous haste, his tatirilclly entitled stoed, this solitary wayftlrer ..prang intlli his stirrups, and rode carclesslv away from his sylvan bed-chamber and betrc hfat-rorln, without oven a oatual surrey of whatL ho left t behind him. As llr. Hiowe emnorged fErom the shelter tof the pecan miottu and rode out upon the plaill, -a sense of exuberant healthi made himn besulideo his muscular horse with a foiling of elation. A short rilde brought him to the line of trail, tl into which ho at once turned, lid for at few moments pursued his stay bet t werl its s11s quite fringes with pre-occupied thoughtful ness. Doubtless few of his whilunt companions cc would ha o recognised in this sun-tanned and centaur-riding wanderer a cerhtin aspirant foe collegiate honors a few years previous. Yeot sohwans he. A critionl inspection developed t the foat that his garmnonts, albeit conventionul and of the traditional type, did not sit upon hiat with the habitude of a frontiersman. Asido from their newness, there was a 'lck of cc intimacy between thent and the limbs of the wearer which at once obtruded itself, and which the fact that g:arments arre regarded by the true native as a :-pe.ies of highly-lacerated t cutilo owas cninently calculated to overcome. However, a certuin careless freedom an d I withal a roeklessness of mien were not with- s5 out explaining the pre.ent geographical po-i- oe tion of the gentleman, and thecre was an easy In adaptability in his genial face, quite itn keep ing with .his surrcundings. The faint Ecent |t of the wild verbena, mingled with the more a brooding odour of butfalo-clover, steeped his I senses as hie quickened his horse's pace. Prairie-dogs, with the impudence of pigmuies o In their strongholds, barked at him as he passed, or suddenlydisappeared in their bur. rows with a gurgling muraurof disapproba. tion at his invading progress. A crazy ' kil!dee,' screaming with the occasional ain lessaess of an itinerant vendor, ran before him to upon the right, and with commendable conn ;y terfeiting of helplessness attempted to decoy I~ himt from her ynou~g. A jackass-rabbit, ir plungiug wildly from a ncighborin-g bush, , limped painfully away with its c:ustomary 1 mendacity; and then turned and stared nt him *h from under exaggerated care. In emphatli derision of its hypocrisy, H?Ivo put ,pure to the intrepid ' O"cnr,' compelling the 'tanme less cripple to tin exhibition of spcd which S disclosed its pitiful deception, and wel:-nigh ,t frightened into convulsions the would-be redoubtabe ' mul-csar.' V After a prolongeld and eahilariating canter that drove the blood into the'browned cheeks: f of the rider, he checked his horse, with the ir perfumed brcezes thrillinghis pulses. As he g did so, a lhutbering gray owl of the horned species slipped from a noighbouring live oak o and flapped heavily away. Howe drew rein n mechianically. Looking up into the near top g of the dwarf tree frorn his elevated position, he espied a capacious nest in a secure fork, o from which point of vantage two pairs of , wondering eyes blinkingly regarded him. Hl in tniediately disetounted, tethered his horse by the lariat which hung from the pommel of s his saddle, and proceeded to climb the tree. Arriving at the nest, he saw what he had be fore conjectured-two juvenile owls, partly I flelged, and regarding him, with grotesque wilnt, fi ont the midst of debris-the bones of umoles and prairie-dogs, of tender years, pur veyed fior their delectation by their solicitous trparents. li t hat spirit of dissort front the Sproclivities of animate nature which had a afctuaced him all the Morning, Heowe, after a foew moutents of namused inspection, selected the ritst promising specimen of owlilom anti I deposited hint in the capacious pocket of his ducking-cloth jacket. Not en instant too Ssoon, though ; for the above-mentioned ts:licitous sire and mi-ther, returning in corn pany at this critical umoment, attempted to interpose a forcible but unavailing remon strlrace, as the triumplhant thief slipped down theire-. 'Say--mister-w?ot- ye-got ?' pated is ntisehievous voice bLhind him. I mention it with regret, buit candour compels it, that Miar. iloweo avo a very violont start. If there are :any circumstances under which cni is justified in deeming himself setr:mtm from the fair, it vould scent that such might ib realised upon the blld prairies of South-West; toad yet, anomalous Ias it may appea.r, encounters with a proverbially uurious sex tae not absolutely unknown. T'he vastness- of the surroundings, the luntliness of the solitudes, impart a feeliing of isolation frmint feminiie fascinations -- a stcurity ,gainst observation, o; th'at the first imnpulse of surprise suggests anu atttack, or, at betl., tan intrusion. lie ftaced ab-ruiptly atroutnd. Sieeig hi. evident :un iement, his interrogator gave venout to a long,! loud, extravagant, but not untusical explosion of laughter, tiacented by hiiarious gestures of dt-li glt. Howe entered upui a critical survey. The olbject of his verutitny mtigllt be fairly said to clhllenge feminine ctlatssification. iWhat he sas-w walti a tnmall figure so phenomenally clud in garments of cither sex that indecision as to getder wrus pardonable, to say the least. She hadt evidently been running, and her present merriment was heigchtened by the fact thilat she was quite out otf breath. Tier feet and ankles were lbare, tand somewhat scratched with the catcla-rw tand cactuis, but, they weore very small feot and ankles for all that. Sithe wore a dress exhibiting sinilar signs of suffering frome thorns, nted through at diversity of three-cornered rents disclosing ai red petti coat. Tier hands did not appear, but a heavy htunting-jacket, buttoned negligontly about delicate little shoulders and with several incites of superfluous sleeve, oppressed rather than claud two slender arms, increasing the general air of incongruity and discomtfort. A broad sombrero of felt, heavily adorned wtflt tarnished silver lace and additionally encumbered by a strap-band with double thongs and bttcklcs-conveying the inn prtes.iou of someo primitive variety of cratnial torturo-fornied her decidedlyl cumbrous heal gelar. Anid yet, tih face thttt ulppertained to this timuch ecltlhed picture of health wals quaint nutil pretty. A. pair of very roguish black eyes were dis:rolly presided over by long, firinging latshes. A braid of black hair, loouened by her recent activity, struggled fromt beneath her hat and fell upon her shoulders. The observant eye of Mr. Kayo lHoawe detected :t revolver worn rather arubitiostly beneath the coat. With Ilmost a sigh for a fastidious itaste, festered in feminine matters by past promaeuade concerts, lie decided that salo was aibout sixteen and unquestionably it very pretty young woman. Site suddenly regained her composure and ispoke with damaging abruptness. ' Dou' t ye reckon yer 'shlamed o' yerself abibin' birds'-nests i' she asked, boldly. Somewhere in the depths of IHowe's ulumberitng conscience thero lurked a faint ;enase of shame for his present predicament. ioe tacitly acquiesced. 'Why did ye go to do it, then ' iho inquired, with the air of a privileged mnentor. ' To give to. you,' lihe replied, titiding his tongue at once in the fabrication of this entertaiuing falsehood. This put a new construction on the case svhicsh the girl was quick to perceiveo. Gallantry, of hwever doubtful a character, is always appreciated by the artful sex. She was appeased but not convinced. Dropping lher chin suddenly, tho exhibited to the gentltkutn's view ai blank desert of bit, aild alpeared to cotnunnei with the precocious jurldgment beneath it. linally, raising hier face again, "tnd releasing her questioning eyes fromn their discreet, mourns ing fringes, ' \Will yo-will yo swear ye saw me =' hte ildeuanudced withl ridtliculedsly solemn emphasis. ML'r. Lowe wais Inot at tll positive tLhait tbe1 eirculnstaeces demrntuded the gravity of the oath. Hle betrayed tihe woteakness of his former po.sition by an apparent reluctance to tom mit perj e'y. ' Reckon not,' she decided. ' lut will ye just naturally give it to nlte --nyhot ,?' dkg?llqllnsbu anT enl~~trlatinlr nito1 , ff unnels~lll thu511 was not to be resisted. , Somithling i the woouuing fringes of 1f thoso . coping lashes, the dewy freshnoess of the red lips. .ugtgected to the young man the idea of compeneation. I say sbgges'ed it. T''ho 'entleman hlad at one time beenn a law studcnt; he had then been, for the tune bring, inclined to doubt thI material exist cuce of comnpensatiou. IHowever, he still recognised it ideally. I submit, too, that it I scenett really an ago shin.e ho had enjoyedl the osuulhtory privileges of femalo society. Actuated by a realizing sense of this fact, he mado bold to declare his fell design. 'I do not mind bestowing it upon uno condition.' b ' lIow ' IHe started. His caur was so sensitive to the sound of his own name. ' Well '-with some mischief. ' What did ye jest get to say t' 'I sltid you could have the ow-l on one consideration.' ' Vot's thor ?' 'A. kiss '-very gritily, as if inviting her to a law suit. The girl retreated with femnilinb shyness ; her hands, with ditlioulty asserting them ?elve. from the long aleeves, made haste to I cover her presnumably coveted mouth, tas if ini anticipation of msore praotical advances. 'N?o : Th'lan ye !' she replied, with awk ward politenOet . 'I don't go nutch on mukin' free with perfect strangers. Ye may koeep yer ornery owl,' she added. Hiowe had just reached the same con ebnioin; he woe pr,'vokingly ironical in re o efornce to her second scntence. Howbeit, r- he experienced that enchantment which dis t- tance is said to land to unattainable ob :y jects. I- Notwithstanding her recent disparaging m comment, the girl still regarded the owl with I- inconsistent longing. y Howe confined his attention to a perusal of t, rustic attractions. ', 'ho are ye aind where ye goin' ' she y finally demanded with charming direct m ness. ic ' ly name's Howe, and I'm on the road,' o he replied, vaguely, exhibiting that Northern privacy in personal matters unsympathised h with by the Southern temperament. I ' Hope ye'll git thar,' she reswonded cheer e fully. The gentleman thanked her for her good ,. wiches with an amused earcasrn, which was J lost on the recipient. e ' Tot's the namn o0' yer pony?' she said, i returning to the charge. a It happened that Mr. Faye Howe was c trembling on the verge of a sneeze. Ito was aware of theGreek augury. lHe thought he would sacrifice his politeness as a gallant to his classic superstition. Besides, he was in Texus. If his border life had inculcated in f the gentleman a certain discretion which o made him exclusively addicted to indulging e his forcible rhetoric in the privacy of his own f company, its influence upon his code of social etiquette was apparently not so salu tary. lie permitted himself the rude privi lege, and did not find it necessary to apolo giso, but he attempted to say ' Oscar' at the f same moment.. "oHess car!' .he exclaimed, with ecorn. ' 'caars to inm ve ain't naturally got much taste. Why didn't ye call him ' Sittin' Bull' I or 'Standin' Buf 1o ' 'Pears to me men ain't worth the flippin' i pecan a-namin' ,things. There's Rube Smart's got two lovely mustangs he calls 'Snipe' and ' Bunch ' as of he reckoned one was a bird and t'other a boil.' The girl regarded him with unqualified con tempt, and seemed surprised that lie did not wither beneath it ! but he remarked very calmly : 'I presume you would have called ny horse ' lansy' or ' D)aisy' '-this, in mali cious irony of feminine christening. An imperfect education in the repacrtee of the border was not without assisting her in braving the deductions of M;r. Howe's logic. She eyed the mustang coolly and critically with the air of a haughty connoisseur. .f must admit with grief for his uesthetic title, that his coat was somewhat sui- cured and weather-beaten, and, moreover, quite guilt less of grooming. ' No !' she said, ' pardner, I skursley reckon I cad. ''ears as I'd call him ' Quid' or ' Terbaoker.' ' Faye Jlowe lost his gravity at this sally, uaind the young lady's sc(,orn thawed a tritle at the recognized conipliment to her humour. ' Tell ye what 1 reckon I'll do,' she finally a said. ' What P' w iitl exaggerated expectalcy. . ' I'll play ye for thet thar critter,' indicat ing the owl with a dispiaraging wave of the hund. ' What will you put up against it P' in quired HIowe, with well-feigned caution, t though heartily amused. The girl hesitated, glanced again at the owl, I sighed, and immnediately decided. '* y six-shooter,' drawing the formidable weapon. 'I)one !' with a violent air of business. ' What shall it be ?' t 'Poker,' she said, with an easy familiarity, producing a woe-begoneo pack of cards from the side-pocket of her coat. The owl and revolver were placed side by I side, subject to the diotum of chance. The a cards were cut and dealt in grave silence. t The girl's cheeks flushed, and her eyes gleamed with excitement. 11 Trwo card-,' she said with gratifying per funetoriness. a Mr. Howe expressed himself as satisfied. e with hie hand. She scowled. ' Two pair-aces up, ! ' said Howe. d 'Full hand!' she shouted, triumphantly s appropriating the spoils. I The gentleman acquiesced with an extrava gant sigh of regret. Tihen he took the n initiative in qJuestioning. ' I suppose you can handle this ? '. he said ft taking up the revolver, an old-fashioned, t aiuez.le-loading Colt's ' six- shooter.' I ' Right smart I ' she said, without looking t up: she had become absorbed in lavish ts caresses of the recently acquired owl. i ' Let see see you shoot,' Howe requested, p handing it over. The girl accepted the weapon mechanically b and looked round for a mark. She espied an cn e.pty tonmato- can, probably discarded by some travelling teamster. She pointed it out a to Howe. SWatch:! ' she quietly remarked, raising the heavy wvearon calculatingly in both her n small hands. Hiowe did watch with amused a interest. It The startling report of the heavy arm h followed, and, as the smoke drifted to one ce side, the canll was seen to have changed its p position with visible damage. f Mr. Fay Howe was correspcndingly awed n and appreciative. h 'Bravo! Where-did you learn to shoot!' he exclaimed approvingly. ' Oh! Pop and me practiees reg'lar 'bout ,1 the ranch.' 'The ranch ?' Where's-that P' ''Bout a msile north o' here,' she replied, Ic indicating tle line by jerking the thumb of her right hand over her shoulder, while she still caressed her lugubrious pot with her ti left. ti ' Who lives there ? ' ' Me and Pop.' jC '?ho's ,n" ..' ' Do you nean--what's my noe. ol Howe noddea. 'Penelope Natulicz,' she answered. w ' What does your father do ' 0' 'What -does-he-do?' with round, amazed eyes. 'VWhere yeo bin, stranger? d GCuiess you'ie a 'tender-foot.'' tl '?Wo'ro ill equal 'fix,' sweetuss?,' respon- vi ded the collegian, apostrophizing the little bare and thorn-scratched feet. The girl looked at him embarrassedly, and said inn an instant, 'Thet's plum a-plenty o' thot.' Mr. Howeo made aI mental note to avoid cobauarisons in the future. fr '\Well,' shi resumed, after i silence, e c\vide·ntly urnir-schael fr ith: of~uwk n-a a norln lesson, 'if you're so powerful ignorant, myI g pop is land-agent and sheep- raiser for Concho th County.' 'ihel gentlemanu rellected that, she probably t shared the peculiarities of a charming but Ta inaccurate s?x in matters of business. Conho h County being as large as the State of lthude Island, it was extremely unlike that 'pop' t maonopolieed the shoep industry for that ex- b tent of territory. Howbeit, he looked wise nuddti nothing. ' Thar's part of 'ni,' she explained, point- ch ing out a small flock at a dliatanco of several mi hundred yards. At times during the recent So conversation, lowe had fancied he heard the th bleating of sheep and lambs, but the sounds I had come so faintly against the wind that he wi believed himself mistaken. va .' Yor see,' she said, drawing nearer to him and becoming suddenly confidential, ' pop's of went down to Eden this morning to a trial ; to ho's . lawyer and has been county judge- bo suar 'nuff. Bill Darcy's corin' up for shoot- l in' a feller, an' they conldn't get 'long no-how without pop. I promised him I'd herd them sheep while he's away, because our horder's in left. It's somethin' I don't generally do, in lshe concluded, apologetically. This lucid explanation was not without in terest to Howe. It happened that he was in sa quest of this very samo Judge Natcheo in re- lil ference to a disputed land-title. In view of ra her recent charming confidences, ha briefly sit developed these facts to Miss Penelope. of "tReckonl ye'd better stop at the ranch to- be night,' she said, whent le had ftnished; th ' pop'll be back by sun-dowr. Ye can lunch of with m munder thet live oak, of ye oars to- vi t, over yonder,' pointing to a tree rather larger in its general outline than the prevailing type ,- of that dwarf caricature of an apple-tree. It was distant about a hundred yards. y ' But my sheep's strayin' I Throw 'crn in, h F1o!' she screamed to a black and white shepherd dog that now disclosed herself in of their neighborhood, and had been doing double duty in her mistress's absence. a ' iGo-'round-'rn !' gesticulating with a circular wave of the hand. The intelligent brute looked knowingly at her a moment, and then trotting off, made a -a wide ditor to intercept the stragglers. But d there was now a commotion among the loudly lamenting flock, and a disturbed bleating r- came distinctly to the ear. ' Does that ' heoss-car ' o' yours buck. aMr. d Howo t' inquired Miss Penelope. as The gentleman felt a certain pride in dis claiming for his mustang that customary I, Texan characteristic. 'Reckon I'll hev to borrer hhim, then,' she a said, loosing the tethered pony, springing into is the saddle, and throwing her knee over the o Mexican pommel; ' I'll meet ye over by thet o tree.' And she rode away like the wind, with n an Amazonian abandonquite in keeping with n her general manner. h Bidden thus to an Arcadian repast, and de g prived of his horse, there was nothing for a Faye Howe to do hut to follow her instruc f tions. He set out for the appointed rendez vous, but being possessed of some curiosity to note the precision of her recent shot, turned \- first in the direction of the unfortunate can. e Doubtless he proceeded with less than cus tomary caution, for he was suddenly startled violently by a peculiar warning, very similar i to the rapid uncoiling of is broken clock spring-a sound never forgotten by one who has heard it under dangerous circumstances. Bewildered :,y its muffled character, he sprang suddenly to one side, and stepped right upon an-?normnous rattlesnake. Almost identical in color with the ' curly mesquite ' grass in its neighborhood, it lay coiled ready to spring. IHe shrank back with an exclamation of horror, but it was too late. The reptile darted forward, with a move ment of its head like successive, rapid blows of a tack-hatmnter. With a sickening shudder the gentleman felt himself bitten on the little finger of his right hand lie staggered, ghastly pale, to the live oak---distant but a tew yards-and fell, rather than sat down, beneath its shade. IHe was faint with agony. Cold heads of perspira tion--like ia death damp-started upon his forehead. A foot-fall struck his ear; he raised his head in a blind, dazed fashion. The girl was already returning holding the owl. ' Wot's up :- she queried, her quick eyes noting the feebleness of his attitude. ' Bitten !' he gasped, trying to smile in the presence of the weaker sex-presumably. It was a ghastly failure-that smile. The girl became a heroine with Columbine suddenness. Tlhe owl, projected from his airy perch, described a bewildered parabola. She was kneeling beside him. ' Quick . strip up yer shirt-sleeve !' she cried, tearing the band from her heavy hat. She wrapped the leathern thong about his muscular fore-arm, and slipping the straps in the buckles, applied thias rude tourniquet with an excited, nervous strength that made him wince. She produced a small pistol flask and some matches. ' Show me,' she said, ilnperatively. Mr. Faye Howe obeyed. His little linger, his wrist--his whole hand and fore-arm, up to theleatherin bandage, were so swollen they might have done justice to Goliath of Oath. Dropping to a sitting posture, Cih de posited her sombrero in her l1ip, and grasp ing his wrist firmly, she laid the hand upon the thick felt. hlave you ever seen a woman fumble and flounder with a powder flask : The Texan heroine deposited two charges upon the bite as deftly as she handled her needle when she cared to. She struck a lucifer. Flowe gave a gesture of disapproval. ' Grit your teeth,' she said, coolly. She dropped the mnatoh. A flash: a sizzling sputter; a put of white smoke. Mr. Traye Itowo yelled,. of course. 'Thar,' she said, with a sigh of relief. - I reckon that'll naturally fetch it.' After which exhibition of decision, feminine nerves betrayed themselves; .she trembled violently and looked-a little faint. However, she wi's spared the observance of this by her companion. He begain to be taken with ia convulsive shuddering. Sum- t moning her courage again, the girl began to pull and tug ait the pocket of her coat. She finally extricated a reluctant colossal fliat bottle. It was despondently full. She un- f corked it. ' Drink ! ' she said, simply : ' Scotch t whisky ! yer lif- depends on it! ' Howe took a long pull at the flask. 'I)on't stop she cried ; 'thero's heaps more ! there's heaps more : I've got it hid at the ranch. Lucky I kep' this Trcm pop last night,' she soliloquised. ' I was afeared he was 'lowin' to get outside of this, so as to clear Darcy. It's most too pop'lar with 1 pop. Rcckon ,by this time,' she added, con- 3 tidentially, as if to -her bare feet, ther' 1 wouldn't been nothin' in it but ths snmell, if o he'd been bit. 'Pears h6' been bit rug lar s every evenin' lately.' Then she turned to N Howe and said sternly. 'Why don't. ye Thus adjured, Howe made a laudable effort to diminish the contents of the flask. Pene lope watched him anxiously. ' Yer must drink it all,' sthe protested, ' and i then '--looking at him slyly, as if to note the impression made by her bibulous advice ' and then-yer must begin on the diammy- t john. Stop yer take breath; throw yer hea t back; shut yer eyes and let her juno: the f objek is ter get the pizen drunk.' After d whic'h graphic medical treatiso, she subsided with a soliciteus gravity in her eloqluent black eyes. The contents of the flask were serioudyl d diminishing. lHowe felt no exaltation from tlohe liquor. It was the antagonism of the virlus,. Ye ilnust get home,' Penmelope said, ii anxiety, r Home?' said Hlowe, wonderingly. h ' Yas-to the ranch.' - She picked up the unfortunate owl, which, h from its aplparent distress, had not even yet , regained its wonted equanimity. gentleman, ', tumtble into yetr Faddllo wlhile c1 there's time.' o ] [e mechanically obeyed her. She called to her dog to' throw the sheep together.' Taking the lariat of the impassive Oscar, who had been an apparently wsthetie and stupid iL spectator of her previous efforts for his unfor tunate master, she drovo the bleating flock before her, and set out for the ranch. The nest- building of the Texan is not characterised by that air of luxurious refine mcnet which once obtained among older Southern States. The humble dwelling of the ex-judge, land-agent, and sheep-farmer, I regret to say, was not an exception. Not withstanding that wealth of ability which his varied pursuits might seem to imply, y mechanical art interposed but an obscure and C feeble shield between him and the inclemency he of the weather. This may have been owing '] to a stoical indifference to climatic changes, sll but I am inclined to refer it to a certain care lessness and implicit faith in nature, quite s in keeping with the Texan temperament. fit The idea of carmelesuess was strengthened tL in the mind of the casual visitor by marked shiftlessness in material surround- t ings, and by apparently impotent efforts to , discard articles of departed utility. The fa surface of the bald prairie, which undulated bh like a beach of sand upon the borders of the p ranch, exhibited the same disreputable curio sities that are sometimes found on the shore of the sea. Tin cans, empty bottles, soleless Ci boots, broken crockery, hats, shameless in ti their battered exterior-all in absurdattitudes di of -.vagrancy-covered the desecrated face of w virgin solitudo. The forlorn emblems of hi ephomeral adornment were all peristentl and uninterestingly msasculine. It is with embarrassment that I admit, that there were other articles, unmistakrably I ninine. The ranch itself had been rather inju diolously built at the junction of two creeks, and on a very slight knoll in a small encir cling clump of live oak--their over-green quality offering thus a feeble, but parennial shade. It was of adobe, and undoubtedly picturesque. Its capacity for comfort at cer tain seasons was apparently beneath the at tention of the owner. The roof from within afforded occasionalastronomical opportunities and a pano of glass in the solitary window was rendered uselessly opaque by the inter vention of an old felt hat. Howbeit, it wiLt not altogether unprepossessing. It had once been the apartment of the ac complished judge, but as the flight of time marked a growing maturity in 'Penelope, the legal gentleman had exhibited a chivalric courtesy in retiring to the less pretentious, but equally leaky, cover of a tent, pitched just outside. This, with enforced retreats at odd times to the kitchen-a long, low struc ture, built of slabs, and graced with a small cooking-stove-formed the father's sleeping quarters, and comprised his somewhat sad attempt at housekeeping. The whole was en circled by a slight rail-fence. The chivalric retirement of the judge from Miss Penelope's room, was, however, tom pered by signs of his intermittent presence. A meagre array of the resources of Texan jurisprudence in the shape of three debili tated law-books, covered with dust, and so cured from perusal by over-topping feminino "gimcracks," was supplemented by an ample commentary, sanctioned by one Lynch, J. to whom frontier ideas of exact justice ap parontly necessitated more assiduous refer ence. briefly, the wall in the neighbourhood of the -scant law-library suggested an ar snmld. It was literally frescoed with muni tions of war-shot guns, ' Winohesters,' car bines, pistols, revolvers, and bowics, included in this suggestive display of the swift retri bution that waits upon crime. It is not too much to say, that, with the exception of several articles of apparel, discreetly seiledby an overhanging strip of calico, they formed almost the only details of this modest at tempt at house-furnishing. There was, however, one other prominent piece of fur niture. A? low bed, sonmwhat. shaky in its underpinning, and exhibiting that peculiar sketchiness in make-up of which the interior and, in fact, the teat , nssi,'/e of this carica ture of mechanical art prevailingly partoolr. Mr. FIaye Howe was, at present, occupying it. A demijohn rested upon thefloor. 'Peno lope, tin-cup in hand, with it grim resolve in her pretty features, and a general atmos phere of perfunctory dosing, was seated near him. It is only the grave exigency of his recent misfortune which constrains me to admit that the gentleman wa.-, at present, hopelessly inebriated. At th.s intercatiug moment of his. introduction, the laudable and unrcmitting attentions of .Miss Nurchez hlad captured him. Had Penleope been interested in drunken ness as a purely psychical study, it is to be believed that. at successive stages, her ox perimental efforts would have been amply rowarded. IBut she was eminently practical. and ignored details. Serene in the achieve ment of her purpose, attendant symptoms were disregarded. The plhenotuena attribut able to alcoholic excess are almost infinite. The ardent devotion of some temperaments when intoxicated is worthy of a higher inspiration. I think I amn safe in saying that, whatever possibilities liquor may induce, a3r. Howe achieved them all. He had been hilarious, maudlin, affectionate, even endearing. tHe was now feebly inter jectional and mildly incoherent. His natu rally retentive memory, excited by his potions, constrained him at first to entertain Miss Natchez with a lengthy rehearsal of acknowledged vocal abilities. He sang solos, duets, tios-his intoxicating judg ment even tempting him to grapple with a quarter. This proving a lamentable failure -especially as lie evinced a disposition to carry all the parts at once-he relapsed into college-glees, and eventually into a madly whirling drinking- chorus. Awakening to a realising seuse of his proximity to beauty, he exhausted the re sources of sentiment and an unusually rich vocabulary upon the astonished maiden. IHe called her 'his flower,' ' his life,' 'his dream.' 'his brooding sweetness. '' his ecstatic allinity.' Ho was evidently near the clouds at this point. He oven instituted tomparisons, and drawing from the bosom of his blouse the ,'·'rte dCe isi/to of a most fashionably-dressed young" lady, expressed his unhesitating pro ference for the natural charms of his bizo,,re nurse. These vehement efforts were associa ted with certain familiarities of gesture and caress, which Penelope repelled with com mendablo coyness, but with a manifest feeble ness, prompted, no doubt, by her feminine consciousness of the fact that his critical discernment was sadly blunted by the fro quency of his libations. In the end, worn out by his violent exertions, Mr. Faye Howe became helplessly comatose. Miss Peonelopo Natchez picked up the picture that had fallen from his nerveless fingers. She abandoned herself to a long and careful study of its attractions. Having concluded which, with the disparaging comment that she 'didn't go much on sich fine-haired and furbelowed gals as thet,' she heaved a deep sigh, and with a tender glance at the recumbent Howe, ruthlessly appropriated it. It was now inight. ' Popu' had not comuo homne. With some forebodings for her sire's present physical condition, she essayed to allay her filial anxiety by renewed efforts for the comfortof Howe. Now that he was en tirely unconscious, she lavished it wealth of tenderness upon himnt; she lifted his head and deposited it in her lap; she passed her hands caressingly over the hlonde beard, and softly smoothed his thin hair: she talked to him cooingly, in a sympathetic, pitying fission, j deprecating his misfortuse, anid sincerely 1 grateful for her prompt presence. And thes, its time clipped away iiite the small hours. I and the moonlightb-that mysterious foc of woman-lfiltered through the well-ventilated t roof and fell ulpon her ; and the mocking birds-those melodious extollers of Luna's demoralizing tendencies-beguiled hlier with their song, sle grew suddealy lonely ; her I head drooped, her black mnano touohed his c forehead, and she kissed him. And the half fledged Ibut vigilant owlet, as if by this seal ] he recoumnised her now inalienable title to his' chance-ownership, attested it by a soft ' huo o-o I -Ioo-o-o :' that sent the blood dancing over the girl's temples, as though a cloud of witnesses were conscious of her weakness. 1 ~lut M1r. Faye !towe dreamed that the fash- t iounable lady watched over his sleep. .COS?LrxnLD EXi:T WIa;E.L Many persons use the phrat~ 'iin a trice' who have no conception of the meaning. A trico is the sixtieth part of a second of time. t The hour is divided into sixty minutes, the minute into sixty seconds, and the second into sixty trices, or thirds -Spanish tris. t Countrymen (to hotel clerk)-' I reckon e you'll have to give me another room, mister.' c Clerk-' What's the. matter with the one you have ?' Countryman - ' The sign says, f 'Don't blow out the gas,' an', b'gosb, I can't e sleep with all that light in the room.' ' I don't see why you should sneer at my engagement ring,' said the fair girl with a flush of indignation on her cheek, as shefaced the belle of the opposition town; 'it's a great deal prettier than the one you wore three years ago, and haven't worn since ! c 'N'o, dear.' replied her friend, with a cool, far-away look in her voice; 'not prettier, but quite as pretty. It is the same ring.'- ' A little boy was told th'ct the Rev. Mr. Goforth, the missionary to China, would be a the only Christian minister in charge of a 1 district having as many people as are in the t whole of Canada. 'My S' he said, 'won't he have to holler.'-- Torento Globe. 