RAnmlI EXTERMINATION.-Dear only effectual cure for thiirabbit he Nature's great remedy ; the reindji by she has kept the four great continents of earth clear of the pest for thousands of yea past; the remedy which has cleared my own district, and practically the North Island of New Zealand, from the pest . the reniedy which must be adopted by the Australian Continent when M. Pasteur's proposals will have failed. I allude to the infection' of the land with tapeworm-or what is now known as bladder fluke. No fences, traps, enclosures, fumigators, etc., are required. Nearly all are harmful and opposed to the true, measure of relief. Landowners in Tasmania 'need only instruct their rabbitters to give their dogs areca nut and to turn out a certain number of cats, ferrets, stoats, and weasles. The dogs will soon spread the worm, and, the cats, ferrets, etc., will carry it: where the'dogs do not go. The tapeworm of the wolf and the fox is far more deadly than the dog tape worm, but we need not import these. animals whilst the more harmless ones will do the work-so Nature acts always by means of a worm infecting the grass. She will not allow any one animal to take possession of the soil. She always kills off by a worm, and there are 250 different kinds' of tapeworins in ` her armoury. One dog will distribute hundreds of thousands of eggs. A sheep; 'millions in its own kind of fluke. Having cleaned my district of the rabbit'pest I'ecan speak with confidence. Yours truly, COLEMAN FRILLP8. Don River, Wairaapa, New Zealand, August 31, 1888. Women do a good deal of talking in a lifetime, that's a fact, but we have observed. that the men generally seem to be willing to listen to what they say. A coat of oil of bay applied to walls of a room will, it is said, rid it entirely and permanently of flies For Rubbing Furniture.-Take of oil one part, of vinegar two parts, apply with one bit of canton flannel, and polish off with a dry piece. The best dusters are cheese cloth, especially after it is washed once. A few yards of.this cheap material are of great' use for many things in daily routine. To remove rust from fine steel instruments, mix ten parts of tin putty, eight of prepared buck's horn, and 2, of alcohol 'to a paste. Cleanse the articles with this, and finally rub with soft blotting paper. You can preserve them by a coat of colourless lacquer. A gun can be cleaned by stopping the opening and pouring in mercury, which, on shaking, will clean up the barrel. Then coat with paraffine. An American farmer, on readin_ that a bull painted by Rosa Bonheur sold for 5,000 dollars, remarked to his wife that he didn't see how a coat of 'paint could so. greatly enhance the value of the animal; but if Rosa didn't charge more than 10 dollars he would get her to paint his bull in the spring. The addition of milk to such beverages as tea and coffee dates from.about 250 years ago, but in the land of tea (China) no such admixture is practised. Practical writes to inform " Housewife" that she has found the following method 'of preserving peaches, apricots, &c.;, quite satis factory, her peaches preserved last January being still quite fresh and good. Make a syrup of a cup of sugar' to a pint of water. Boil, skim, and let cool. Then take the fruit, wipe, clean, or peel, and put into the bottles whole or in halves, as may be preferred. Fill the bottles up to the necks with the cold syrup, and stand them in a boiler, with straw put between them to prevent the glass crack ing, fill the boiler with cold water .on.a level with the necks of the jars, put a brisk fire under, and let them stay till the syrup begins to simmer or till the fruit just cracks; then lift the jars out carefully, let them stand five or ten minutes till the fruit sinks, fill thems up with boiling water or syrup which shfoild.be made to overflow, so as to exclude .every particle of air, screw down tightly, and store in a cool place. The following is a good rule for thinning: For a twig (of last year's growth) six inches long leave one peach; for a twig 10 inches long leave two peaches; for a twig 15 inches long leave three peaches. Most people wait until near the pit-hardening period,';.when the full effect of the insect injury can be easily determined. Thinning promtes longevity in the tree, insures greater size, uniformity, and better flavor to the fruit. Dugald M'Caul was a professed thief in the Highlands, and sometimes took young lads into his service as apprentices to the same business. With one of these hopeful youths, who had recently engaged with him, he agreed one night to proceed upon an ex cursion, the apprentice to steal a wedder and Dugald himself to steal kail. It was also agreed that they. should, after being in possession of their booty, meet in the kirk yard, where they were pretty sure of not be ing molested, as it had got 'the name of being haunted by a ghost. Dugald, as may well be supposed, arrived first at the rendezvous, and, sitting on a gravestone, amused himself with eating kail custocks until .the apprentice should arrive with the wedder. In a neigh bouring farm house a cripple tailor happened to be at work, and the conversation having turned upon the story of the kirk-yard .being haunted, the tailor boldly censured some young men present for not having the cour age to go and speak to the supposed- appari tion, adding that if he had the use of his limbs he would have no hesitation in doing it himself. One of the young men nettled at the tailor's remarks, proposed taking the tai lor on his back to the kirk-yard, and, as the tailor could not well recede from what he had said, off they wont. The moment they' en tered the kirk-yard Dugald M'Caul saw:them, and, thinking it was the apprentice with a wedder on his back, he said, in a low tdne of voice as they approached him, "Is he fat l" " Whether he be fat or lean," cried the young man," there he is to you;" and-throwing down the tailor ran off as hard as he could. To his utter astonishment he found the tailor close at his heels on entering the farmhouse, intense fear having supplied him with the long-lost use of his limbs, which it is said, he retained ever after.-W. N. Govan. - The similarity in appearance between "Margery," a girl's name and" -Margarine," has been taken advantage of by one who deals largely in that substitute for butter. By law the word "margarine " must appear boldly printed on every packet.: The dealer embel lishes his pound and half pound parcels with a boldly printed portrait of a fanciful female -whom he boldly dubs '" Margarine" and peo ple think it refers to the damsiel rather than to the grease. Everybody is .pleased and a roaring trade is done. - The programme for races and other sports to be held at Myrniong. on New Year's Day will be found advertised, .. , _ 