Ladies' Chit -Chat. Tbo Czarina of Russia, in order to pass away her leisure timo, is said to often make drosses for hor younger children, in addition to trim ming thoir hats. Tho marriage of Charles A. Egorton, eldest son of Lady Mary Bgorton, of Mountneld Court, SuHsex, and tho laro Mr. Ti. O. Egertorj, with the Hon. Mabello Annie lirassey, eldest daughter of Lord Brasney, K.C.B., was lately solemnised in the church ot St. Lawrence, Cats field, near Battle, England. O wing to mourning in both families tho wedding was a quiet one, and only rclationa were invited. Tho well-known German prophecy that no member of tho house of Hohcnzollom should succeed his father on tho Germun throno has been disposed of by tho accession of the Emperor Frtdeiiok, and now that the siipnrstitinn is de stroyed, perhaps the 'Wliito Lady,' who is Enid to bo the family ghost of tho Hohenzollerns, will also be found to havo lost her hold upon the credulity of the German populace. Mrs. Cleveland's pots are tho poodle Heotor, tho hujro St.. Bernard deig JC'iy, and tho little Jersey heifer Grucic. Tho huppy family are live (uts— one of them entirely black, another every ninli white; seven cunuries, thrju of wliom uro allowed tlio freedom of tho bedroom ; a number of wliito mice, two poneouks, a guineapig, nine fancy chickens, two nllig.itors, auel a iuwn— tho latter trio having lately arrived from Florida. Iho Empress of Germany is the fifth English princes* who has borne, that title. Tho previous ones were — Kelgytli, daughter of Edward tho lOld.r, wife of Otto I ; Gunhiid, duujrhtor of Canute, v. ife of Hency III . ; Mutildu, or Maude, ilniightcr of Hairy I., wifo of Henry V.; and Isabella, daughter of King John, wifo, of Fndiiiek II. Tlic liiKtnamvd princess wim au uucettrefs eif tlie late Prince Consort, uud con teejiicntly of the Empress Victoria. A baroness, well known in Brussels as ono of the most el'gnnt, cultivated, and intellectual ein.'iments ef tociety, became violently enamoured some time ago of a young fellow iu the employment of a butcher in tlmt city. She took him from his occupation, supplied him with plenty of money, and had the mortifica tion of knowing thuthe dissipated it vtpon dis riputnble amours. In a fit of passion she ns.suisinr.ted her protejra, and tho Court of Aa Hizc-fc 1h;h just fenteneed her to 12 years' iru piisoiiiii'.nt with hord labour. Tuvis luciesaio now titking to Swky'slea for their homo receptions, bco-tiiso it U said that it nialics the eoiuplexion wonderfully fair and white, and prevents wrinkles over making their uiiwelconio appearance on thu faco. Another thing, kekets and brooches aro now filled with thenew s-olid f-cents. The advantage, of thcsosolid Fcentoiu that they do not eva}iorate like liquids. Every scent, which used to l-o once only in a liquid form, is now solidified, and can be carried about the person. Somo put u cake of scent in their pockets, others in their handbag, other* in their purse or card- case, and others in their glovce. Thero aro only about 400 peoplo in fashion able New York society. If .you go outside thai number yon strike peoplo who are either not at ease in a bull-room, or idse mako other peoplo not at case. Of course there aro any nnmbsrof the most cultivated und highly respectable, evt.n distinguished, peoplo outside of fimhionublu society. When we give a largo bull like the last New Yi ar's hall for S00 guests, we go outside of the exoluniTo fashionable s:;t, aud invite profes siunal men, doctors, luwyerii/ editors, art'uts, and tho like. But the eluy when fortunes ailmiited men lo exclusive society has gone by. f?nt» 'WilTl t7i/t r*-ri?/l tn'r.tv *li /-.P vtitinic t..i1_ lionaires nro too uoiunion to receive much de ference; a fortune of a million is only re spec.iablr. poverty. So wo have to draw sueiul bour.elai icfi on nuotlicr basis ; old connections, gentle 1 reeding, perfection in ivU the lvijniaite iioconipiinhmeuts of a jrcutli-tnnu, elejraut h isnro, and au nnsl'iined privatu rnmitation eyimt for moro than nowiv yotteu richci— Fie in ' An Interview with 'Mr. Ward 31'Al lister' in the Tiibunt. Jlrs. Cyrua W. Fiolil, jun., is said to bo tho nuallest iittni of femininity whiuh graces New York society. She has the daintiuat of figures, an inipossiblo foot, and a rather piquant, childish face, delicately tinted, and guiltless of powder, pink, white or pe:»'l. She is a gay littlo woman, nervous to a degree, ?and of decided view?, -which tlio voice.-! with tbu true Yankee intonation, with a. funny and constantly recurring litila lungh whi;h bus two notes in it, and a iWii liiirdtcpquo trick with her liundki-rcliief. Liltotlie great tragedienne, little TiIvh. Field emphasises nil l.f r KMitiinonts with her li'iudkeroliief. Sho ijiti'bdiicpH an ii:»a with a iiouii-h of laco- edged cambrio, imd fnllows it ii]- with a liavd knot in one conn p. She picks lhi.s our with patience and rolls the cambric into it ball. Sho shakes it nut, she rumples it up, she irons it with the wninnh of two pink palms ; sliomakpsa pelisso fan of it, the folds it into a square ; she pats it, waves it, crushes it, crumples, it, and in moments of stioug excitement sho has been kumvn to tciut it ruthlessly to rajra. ' lienting uiiieles for occasions,' said a Now Y'ojk jeweller, ' is a flowing feature with us. It is hinilly a regular butim-M, but a number of iho large houses is iu it to mma extent. They call it accommodating tbeir friends, hut they collect fees. Thero is a woman in that city in tho bus.ine»s of renliug jewellery who frequently lets out from £10,000 to £15,000 worth of jewels in an evening. Who are tho Iicitowitk ? Mostly men. You would not think it You would guess that fuiniuino viiuily was ut tho bottom of tho busi ness; but tho. mule bird is tho vain et-t, let mi! tell you. Besides, womou muully own uinrc gemn than men. The m tides loaned iitk diamonds principally— studs, collar- bul tons, rings, sleeve-buttons, &o.; Mon want thi m for receptions, weddings, and din nerii. Women borrow bracelets, and occasion ally a necklace. Now a iiuiguinuent nciiklaco can bo got up for £700 or £800 that th« nou pioi'essionul observer will think worth £l:,noO. uewcuerf, oi course, tio not let IJios.o vuiuauies to people they do i,ot know. They exnet sccmity for tho mott expensive. Articles of vertu and bric-a- bra'c for adorning a room are often rented also. All of theso must bo returned curly the next morning. 