On the Wing, MAJOR Dane, delivered his lecture, " James H. Garfield, Second Martyred President," in the rooms of the Young Men's Christian Association, Sydney, last Tuesday evening, and is announced to lecture this (Friday) eveniug at the same place on "New Zealand, the Wonderland of Oceana." MR. George \Ve3fcon gets £17 17a. n week for playing in the Exhibition Or« ohestrn, The SJnglish soloists get £15 a week. Tirana is n movement on foot to bring out to Australia a German Opera Com pfvny. The matter has already been taken in hand by a number of influential gentlemen in Melbourne, and furthor particulars will bo made public shortly. MR. Harry St. Maur, who has just concluded a most suoaossfnl starring engagement with Messrs, Brough and Uoueioault in Jim tho Ponman, at the Bijou Thoatro, li-as boon specially engaged to star with tho Fronoh Comody Company in Sydnoy, opening in Lo Doputo do Bomblgnaa (The Candidate), This affords Mr. St. Maur tho opportunity of impersonating In French tho role hu ho admirably playocl in JCngllsh, Tho wholo of tho business Introduaod by Itini iu Justin MoOarthy'H version will bo re peated In tho Fronoh play. Mr. St. Maur is an oxoollont linguist, and has often boon highly complimented by tho London press for his olovor creations of Fronoh oharactors, Mihh von FlnkolHtoln ilolivored hur first luoturu at Itallarul In fcltu Acaclamy of MiihIO, on Monday uvunlrtg last, on " Tlio Homos mid Haunts of Johiih, " Tho liall was densely paolcod and tho olovor looturoHs ruoolvod a warm rn ooptlon, Hint has boon lecturing dti ring tho wook before linmonso audlonoos. Miss von Flnkolstoln proouods lo Hand hurst next wook, Mihh Leonora llmham and her Iuiii baiul. Mr, .Dunoan Vouug, leave Mi'lsbanu for .Nlnglarid on .July 28, tliulr year's ongagemont with Messrs, Williamson, Ganuirand Mungixmi l)elng eonohulod, Till') ohm'un (.(imt-laiium nl! tlio Dorothy (loinpnny (Mrlsbano) presented Mr. ,1.0, Williamson with a bat on July 'I, In appreciation of his klndmm.M ana manager, and, at tho sanui time, of Ills warm ad* tnlnUlon of their I'avorllo gaum, Mr. T. B. Appleby tins become lessee of the Theatre 11 iyal, South Shlels. He distinguished himself at the Shakesperlati celebration held by the local Literary and Scientific S jcloty by delivering what was really a very eloquent address on " The Dramatic Art." Hera ia a passage - " Surely an art capable of suoh a moral and physical influence is one that should commend itself to even the narrowest minded and most prejudiced mortal, whose ideas of the stage, its votaries, and its influence he has inherited from the ghosts of a puritanical age, which his own abhorrence of superstition should induce him to abandon, But no j he hangs on to some grandam's tale, and thinks, poor Billy man, that actors are all a lost and abandoned race. (Laughter.) Yet he will not be the missionary to bring them to the right path. No, he'd rather labour to convert an Ojibboway Indian than an actor endowed with some of the noblest instincts of the human mind, a man cap able of working upon the finest feelings of humanity, a man who is dally study ing, not reading only-but studying, and thereby understanding the grandest flights oE thought by the world's greatest poets and dramatists, and giving them breath and life to the assembled crowds, whose best sympathies he holds and sways at his bidding." MR. Brian Darley is suing Messrs, Rlgnold and Allison in tho Supremo Court of Now South "Wales, for alleged breaoh of agreement, ataiming Ji500 damages. IN aonneotlon with the aotlon brought by Mr. James J. Foster against Mr. E. S. Smythe, the plaintiff states that he was ongaged In London to superintend tho posing of tho other members of the company travelling with Miss Lydla von Flnklestoln, and to act in porson. He sues for wrongful dismissal, and alaims ilUOOO, The defonoo is that he was guilty of Insubordination. Oa Friday, July 5, an application svas mido in chambers of tho Supremo Cburt of Via* tor la that Miss Anna Flnkolstoln Mam rooiH, sister of tho loaturess, might be oxaminod, as sho was to loavo on Mon day for Amorlca, and Mr. Justlao Wren fordsloy grantod tho application. A luaciiflNa1 ukase of tho Oaav will pro bably load to tho oollootlon of tho folk songs of tho Qjssaoks of the Don, whloh will bo as i!av as possible roduood to music paper, and prosorvod In tho lib rary of tho Conservatoire of St. Peters burg. Tho O/.'ir boars atl the exponso. j Llr/it, TaolmIkowsky, UubonHtoln, and othora havo all moro or loss usud Husslan, Tartar, ami Oossnok tunes, but until now no Hpoolflod plan has boon fount! to ar range, classify, and prosorvo them, T11io mustloal orltlcs of tho London nowspapors uru nob unanimous In tliolr prainu of Mrs, Armstrong's (lest appear atiou. Tlui orltlo of tho IIVj'M In its ItiHtio of May 110 writes j-" You want to know what I think of Madame Melba In two words, Ilore, Hum, la two words It 1m, Mho 1* a oluvor amateur j a nloo primtinoo, agreeable features, a voleo pretty but not. warm, a llttlu hard norno tlmufl, not bearing in the least being L'oroud | a Uliul of agility more light ami easy than thoroughly uorrootj very In dllluront eliromatlo seahm ,. shakes' (hat run over three half-notes - Instead of clearly and Incisively giving II Mat ami 0, for Imitation, producing a oonfiisod Mound of II Hat, II natural, and (J to gether ) and no all her shakes aro not ohutr. Altogether her luooliitiilnm In not only not porfeet, but amateurish, Tho tltnbro ol! the volmi, on tho other hand, In agreeable i slut sings and move* about. I with great tmno ! she sinus very tasteful Jhn'itiirn nhe In Intelligent | she Is, in laut, an amateur ol' great, talent, The finish and polish and perfection which make the great artist, who never blurrs a passage or a scale or a shake, is only acquired after long and patient study of the elementary but unavoidably neces sary exercises, which amateurs usually avoid." The Australians in London, writes the London correspondent of the Adelaide Observer, were warm sup porters of Madame Melba at her debut in CJovont Garden Theatre. One Queens land merohant was so patriotic a* to take 100 stalls, and others patriotically in clined closely rivalled his generosity. With a few hundred Australians packed in the house it is not difficult to under stand how parts were so frequently encored. SoMB years - ago Madame Bernhardt paid a visit to Oopenhagon, and she naturally wished to go to Elsinore and see Hamlet's grave. She was told that Hamlet, being a mythical oreature, had no grave. That mattered little to Madame Bernhardt. There ought to be a grave, and one must be mado. To suit her desire, a heap of stones was erected near a ravine on the woody slope behind the CUstle of Elalnore. She paid her visit, and was com tent, Ever slnoe then English tourists have visited the spot, ohippod away, of course, places of the atone, and carried them off as mcmenfcocH of the Prlnae of Denmark. MR. Georgo Gro<)smlth has written what wilt no doubt be a most entertain ing book, for the popular comedian is as good a narrator as ho is actor, Under the title of "A Olown in' Society" his volume will shortly appear in the still ing series known aa"Arrowsmith's Bristol Library." RUDISNSMIN is under engagement for a tour of the States, and for twenty per formances he is said to have mado the neat llttlo comfortable arrangement to raoelvo £20,000 I Tim Archbishop oE Paris has roEmed to allow Verdi's " Baquiom" to be given in Notre Dame, on the ground that Indies of tho opera were to sing la It. Mu. Otto Fischer, who will sing at tho Exhibition Concerts is 20 yoara o£ ago, and wns born In Tanunda, South Auitralla. Ho oxhlblted an incli nation for tho ntago, and played with Falrelough in Shaksporlan amntu and with tho Slmonsuna In opera. Whllo thus engaged ho Hrst camo under tho notloo of Wllholmj ami Max Vogrlah, upon WIIOHO ad v loo ho competed and won In Adolaklo tho Elder Scholarship at tho Uoyal Oollogo of J\1 UHIC, six years ago, Mr. Kl.iohor was tho Hrst holdor of tho scholarship, ami proceeded to London to ootnplolu hln studies, At tlio donthof his wlfo, to whom ho hail boon married but it few months, ho I'ollnqulnliod hln pt'ofon.'ilou lit London and returned to Mouth Australia oarly In Juno last. Ac cording to an Adulaldo orltlu, Mr, "l«'ln cilntr'n enunciation I.M remarkably dlfitlnol., and liln stylo decidedly miporlor to tho gvnnral claim of professional!! whom wo hiiar In I hln city. 11 hi voice In not by any moans of phenomenal oxeollonoo either In quality or powur, but lui him tlui rarn faculty of toting hlti natural gifts with Impressive olVont, l<'rom tho lowest notes to tlui highest there hi not any pnu.'nptlblo broalc, and tlui (lolioatuly soft MOUIUIII which ho produoim ooo'tsloiiull v In hln higher register am simply oliariu'liig ; In dued It IM In thin direction that ho will achieve his greatest MUOOIISI, Mr, KUohor, wo understand, lias ahio WOOD oll'orod lo Join tliu Amy Hhorwln Opora (Jompany, MRS. Patienco Blaxkmi " mother of th« well-known to and George Rignold, diedon u", il:i« May 23, at her residence, H0ft** tage, near Birmingham, kt th, elC! of eighty-eight, years. Jir« ri StMli a native of Devonport, ami , 1 known aq leading lady in fill *< castle, Dublin, Lic^tor. f,::'^ bam. She played with all th<> Ji .ttl Hamlet, which she did some nftV", ago, for her benefit, nt thn T Boyal, Birmingham. She h" I"' recipient of the benefits 0f i, General Theatrical Fund for thtVi, years. MANY conllloting stories have ir published aonaernlug Adelaide NYnti oilgln. The fair actress herself * averse to speaking on this subject | an Englishman, who know XeiUm'ii the time of. her birth, has suppfe! followlug to the New York Min"r .' Her name was not NoUson, Sns ., born about eight miles from wherj boyhood was spent. Her mother w,i handsome woman, and her father - Spaniard. Whon the girl grow to lie years old she was sent out us a fa® girl In an establishment between U and Kawdoa, Her pay win threw sixpence a week. But she made little progress. While she wm ihn the shuttle over the alotta- wonvini; her mind was otherwise oceti|)id, pvoprletor of the factory wm tk oblfgad to dispenso with her aervlcsj, oause she Inslatod on spouting Slukip« and aauslng the other hands to tie< tholr work, There havo been many oounts of Neilson's childhood, hut is the true ono. I know hor jietw and 03U vouch for the olroumstnnci have stated." Misa Fannie Loslio has accept*! London, a long touring ongagoraont Australia and America on vory Uv> able terms, Mlt, and Mrs, llouors (Miss Mia Palmer), arrived in lfinglaud early month. Mu, Henry Irving has jmt ptucb: a hotiao In Portland Place, whom ho establish lilmaolf vory shortly, lovely suburban pliiae, "The (Irani Brook Greeni is for sail1. A MuaiotAN vacantly »tilmiin«<ln to a publisher, na,va tho "Anrnl Musician," entitled » Wiy do 1 llr Aftor randIn# iv small portion uf ii publisher wrote thooompojurnifolloi " Booivubo you Hunt by ixmoiaongartoj HlOSOU SODB'WIO, tho KfCftf M publisher, Iiuh nll'orud tlirou |irl«< Hpootivoly, of 11,000, 13,000, uml I, francs, for tho thrao boat comM1 All ist thorn will bo produced «< C'oHHan/,0 Tfumtt'o, lionio, diithj/ HUllHOIl of 1881), \- I Mit, l^urgUH Mumo'd Atntriillun if Tlta Myntu'ey of tliu lliuismn U».f boon (luttorod in London by l<io((tiQNi O/io In 'i'lto iMywiwy,,"' Turkish Until, unci tho oHwi"J'/itif/' of tlio Whoolbnrrow. -i VViiwn' Milmu, Olirliitlito Nlliw»*' Nt.ookholni, not mnny ^'uhm uhunoml to limit' u yomitf K'rl quality ut whim voluo at oiico <" h(! grunt prima donna jrentU"1 ° th[it th0 chUd waa a vt Arnoldaon, a lyrio 01 """"-roia favorite In his of vj]0 was rt - r Returning to Paris, Mdme. "di'lnoi forget her diaoovery, but ",l it. Maurice Strakosch of the |li,,gAla to bo heard in the north. JuH'h nt once went to Stookholm, i,mdd Millie. Sigrid Arnoldson, ,1,(lilies liu fo»'>cl were ln no WRy Mied, iolnfive hor home and study No, ivtiuro sho placed heraalf under ieol Mdme. Artot do Padlila. She ueils) rapWy in hor art tbnfc I-jlszfc j her to boa not unworthy sue o( 1'iittl mid Nilason. Her flrat .rasnt vvnjftt the Italian Opera in ;t-, where she sang in Lakmo. jh, u flsirbluro, La 2'ravlata, and (ligvnnni. When her engagement aieil sho went to Paris, where she he good fortune to continue her il education under Maurice Strak nd lo study Atlgnon, Lnkmu, and .under their respective aompoaers, .Karris nnd Mapleston both went [.ondoa to l'nrls lo hear her slag, keen competition took place ho ik' tlvnl niftnngera, Mr, Harris ijuccemful competitor, and Mdiio. 'ioa wn9 very aucaesaful daring ( London season. After that ahe jSe.indfitmrlft with M. Strakoaoh, k tonnuf through Norway, Sivq ml Denmark was an unbroken J(aiiceeiaes. At hor four oo noorts khoim, tho curiosity of tho public Sircnt In this, hor native town, In; hull, iilthough capable of con 'about ;',000 puoplo, was not largo for tho oroivds who wishod to hetUiyhtor of their woll-romem Oscar Arnoldsou, nnd to soo how inhoritott Imr futhov'a glfta, Knttlu I'ottor, who la just now ni! to nmkti a roputatlon In oon \sUU dm WlUUvmaon Opera now In ilrlabimo, commonood her Msorln ihe ohortw, whoi'o aha was k# yenw buforo any notloo waa "f her, Itur opportunity at laafc In New Xealiiml, wlion aho wan wbsiUutuil in soiiui small part, wivt mil Cov iwmo uumttm aEtur tlmt h)iu rniulu any ducldud lm vtliBit, through a chapter of tMlituU'iniml forward ami piuyud In I'IIiummh Ida, Hor aotiivK wus t oooihIou uluu'ao torl/iid by so Minimi imturulmiMi that aho wan n(»>tluiit piii'iti to luulimUmly, anil In Hrl.'ilmiu.'i iiIu) hast addition >w\\\m luljmt, by mititalnltiK tho I I.ydlu lu Dorothy, u purt not ' tho prliim douna'a, MUn 1»aiahoHuttful hIii^'o pvuHunoo, and Kunurully ivdmlrtul, both on and Whin. w'"> Jnut a uploo of "Nud In Syduoy munloal ' ovurworlcud politician Iy'lwul wan afturwardu asked bow he enjoyed himself. " Very much," ho answered. " Why, how can that be 7 " asked one j " I saw you drop ping tfE to sleep the whole night," "Oh , that's -why I went," was the prompt reply. " You know, I wanted rest badly, and I' wanted to see .Dorothy at the same time so when Leumaine got oil one of his top notes I nlwnjs dozed off, for I calculated to a nlccty that he'd hang on to It five minutes before he'd go on with the rest of his song, so I got a good bit of sleep that evening, and felt quite refreshed, ? Yes, T like Dorothy-and Leumaino. I'm going again next week." Mis6" Essie Jenyns was present 'at a arewcll garden party, given in her honor on Saturday, June 80, by the Hon. S. *1. Held of Sydney. Among the gue#ts were Mrs. JMddulph, Lord Bertie, the Hon, Rupert Oairlngton, Sir George James, Sir Kdwiud Strickland, and many of the lending residents of Sydney, Thm silence that has brooded ove things theatrical In 'Now Zealand, for j(ome time pa&t; -has been broken by Mr, Charles Arnold, who airlved at the Bluff on Monday, July 2,'and oponed in Inver oargil the same evening with Hans the Boatman to a vory large hduso, Tiib unlucky Novelty Theatre, writes a Duncdin obrrespondont, has burnt the fingers of another, pair of speculator, Messrs, George Giddens and T, G, War ren are the vlotims, nnd they have drop ped a "cool thousand " over a tenure of two rrinnths of oflloe, A QisnnAitfhY - peoullar one-aot play has been produaed tentatively at the Prlnoess, Loadon, Tilings aro well ahead when the ourtnln rises. A Mr, .Drum mond having entertained his frtand Onptnin Pnntor at dlnnor, sends Mra, D, to bed, and goes In for a big gamble with the dloo, The captain wins idoOOO by throwing double slxos, and goln^ doublo or quits h'o wlnB Dniramond'ii " Last Stake " (the title of the play) also with two sixes, The "last stake" Ih nothing more or loss than the hoHt'M llfo and tils wife, If ho loses, Drummond Is to commit tho happy despatch within '12 hour*, and Ih to loava Mr, I), a logaoy to tho winner - a highly moral and I'oaMblo arrangement, Whou tho oiiptaln takes his departure ho would lllui iiIHO to tako tho tiloo, bub doosn't got. a olianou, Molng gone, Drummond gotn out. hln revolver, and In half din jawed to lot tho dice loll him how many hour* ho may llvo, but ho puts down t,ho box anil tolls tlui dreadful truth to Mrs, L>., wlio, doming to fetch him to heel, Ih naturally much alarmed an who listens to hln Ht.ory, Ono would niipnoso this story would " murder Hloop," but Mrs, D,, having himrd It, gooh to bod again for a mlniiio- only for a mlnuto- and Hum (.onion Htalklng forth lllco Lady Maohoth in ttoi* nliimbow. HIki tulloi to herself, and dreaming that what in good for tho gandor oannol. bo bad l'or tho uoono, bo« gins to shako tlio (lloo-box, ami Indulges in tliroo thrown. Llko tho artful dodgor In I,cm Doux A vniigli'M, she throws mIxon ovory tlino, whllo hor hubby looks on nma/.od, and suddenly HtiHpoof.M what ho might liavo nuspoatod bol'oro-that tho (lloo aro loadod, Of course tlioy aro, and no whim tho captain bold column mi tho pruti'iioo that ho wants hln ol^ar-ouno, a oano of atiothor *oi't. Im put boforo him, mid at. t.iio pistol's point, ho Is mado to hand tho loif'n ho has takon for tho "debt of honour," " Nosv got. out," nays Drum mond, " and wlioit next, you |(amblo with loadod illoo, bo oarnful not to loavo thorn bohlud you," " I'll tako damned good oiiro that I don't," retriarlcii flto captain bowled - bowlod out, and an ho makes hln ox It tlio ourtnln OOIIHIH down, 