CIIAPTEII VI. AN ILL.BTAILIIED Mi ETINi,. * When tles Traevthon awoke from her trance of terror the sun was quite down, and the silvery mist of a September twilight hung a over the dark old manor. S She lay where selo had fallen on the damp I, stones of the terrace, and it was some time before she could collect hersoenses sufliciently to remember what had happened, or where she was. e When she lid fully remember, all her wild a terror was revived, and she scrambled to her feet, and went scudding across the grounds like a hunted bare, SBeyond the great gate she paused, and ven. Stared to look bnck. S The sun was down, but all the west was in a flame of crimson fire, while over the blue peaks of tihe Ilghland bills a golden harvest moon was rising. Every window in tlhe old manor, every gray turret, was gilded with 0 reflected light, n Lenore gazed upward, experiencing a feel. v ing of admiration despite her terror ; ibt while she gazed a turret window was thrown r open, and that samoe awful face looked out. A piantom hand slowlybeckoned her, and tat same luring, musical voice called out ragain. k "Pretty maiden, no need to run away; a tihis house is mine, and you are welcome. I am not mad, as tlhey tell you I' At anlly other time the girl's brave blood B would have sustained her: but wearied oi I e unnerved as sbo was, shie sucenumbed to lihe terror that assailed Iher; never dreamine that anything short of some awful sIlter-. natural iresence was looking down lupon Ier. She tuirned and fled, ns if for her very life. Y" Clotildle was right," site murmtred, as snie ran along; "I should never Iavue e come 1" r She had gone about a mile perhaps, when site began to feel doubtful shout her ability to keep tie right path. Shite paused, nnd glanced about her, hoping to see some lumnan habitation, Alas I tilere was none in sight. Bly this time the sun had gone down, andi the moon was bathing the earth with its Ssilver radiance. While sihe stood irresolute, a foototei n sounded bebind her. She turned swiftly, anti faced a man, withv ili hut in Is lhand, and n cigar between llis lips A tall, dark. anl rather handsome person lie looked in tile moonlight. Lenore decided to all. Sdress him, " If you please, sir," shite said, as e ap. Sproached lier, "I am trying to reach l'leI nimont station, and I feel somewhat doubtful " whether I am on the right course. Will you have the kindness-" "Now that is jolly," the stranger inter rupted, in a halrs, familiar voice. " Pied. mont station--the very confounded plane I'm in search of I Come, my dear, you are too pretty to be wandering alone at this hour, so we 'll bear each other comipay. live me your hand, my dear, andi we'll sooi reach I'ietlmont, or some other place." lie advanced quite close, and attempted to take her hand; his breath, reeking with blandy, coming ilot upon her cheek. Lenore ndrew back in disgust and anger. "Thank you, sir, but I have no desire for your company; I merely thought you would be civil enough to direct me which way to go, Let mte pss I" But he planted hinself before her like a wall. her blue eyes beogan to flash like steel, and the rich color leaped to iher white chleeks. Sihe hail nd f from what sile biloeved to be al apparation, but site had no fear of mortal SLot me pass, sir;" sile repeated, her im. pirious voice ringing like a bugle. " Let you pass l" tie man repeated, catch. ing at Inr lntd again, " Why, wllut dyeo take ,,o for What's a pretty creature like you strolling about at thitle hour for, If not in quest of uompany? And I'm good company, I am. C.oi+t, now, give is a kiss, and take my arm, asnd we'll jog along together as jolly as you plenae i" ' A nidleu, sUense of lier thoughtless in. I discretion in patting. herseolf In such a questionablo posltion, smote Lenoro, but she felt no fear. "Will yon let me pass, sir?" she again re. posated. For answer, the man seized her left arm, and drew liher close to his slde, and bending over ter, inllad' n ellort to pollute her cheek by contact with hie hips, Site dith not cry out or even struggle, biut her blue eyes darkened until they looked almost binlak in tile moonnlightn sed e put I her right hand to her bosom. Thie ext Intant, something i ei)rit flashed 1 out like a gleam of lightning, and tile manu releasinlg his Iold, staggered buck with a loud e cry, . " Why, what's thi? Whatnreiyou doingg" demnlnded a resonant voice. t Mliss Truvethon to ned quietly to meet this a new.comur, retunrling the slender dagger to t her boson, as llu ldil so. It was a Curiouas, costly little toy, that aind been inn her family s for ages, and It was Lenoro's Iabit to carry y it ablot her ,lr'on, . * lie insalted me tild I stalbbed him," sIe explailed, as she turned towanl tile now. coimer-" nit seriouly, however, as I struck himi in tile salotder. I thinnk hle ihas fainltad I" "No, I haven't," growled tihe woudedtl man, getting olln lis feet gain ; ' but you've gliven me ill ugly wound, an d I'll have your life for it." S " itand back, sir," thundered the other nmail, hid tall hand towering aborve them. "If y the wound was in your cOaven Iheart,'twolld serve youl right. How dare you Insult a i wolanln 1" Then turning toward nLnoro, he removed b hIls llighland cup, and said I l "I beg your pardon, madnan. It there is d ony asRistance I can render you, I nim at pyour ser'Vice." a Bomnething inn the kingly form and massive i brow and in the deterential voice, inspired thie girl with a reling of coinfldence, a wi nyolu dU1 se, air, it ime n tihe right I way to liendmutt Statlon," slit santd, t quietly, 'i oertainly I this way, if you ileso I Pled. Ie oulnt lies to our leftl" ho replied, bowing low ib hure t an , as idded , Allow me to igiho you tlithelr," lie started on, stand, without a word, liss Truevethn walked by his side, leaving hier i womulned mainror standing in the monelatit pnath, lls dark fnoo grew fearfully thretont on( ing as ie gaens after lier. "Au oyo for an eye, a tnoth for a tooth, a blw fur a blow--tlat's anlly code," he mtit. toced hil teetlh ct, "I'd know you in itedcst wllthy yeuir glitering eyen nlid yellow ihatirmy I tn.lmauget, ntail 'llhunt i rentIoat otver, io a 1'i 1111hu yo andt settle ttis scoren" MreaRInhile biss Trovothon aecompanied i iher gidlo, atti tile t lightls of Pliedlnait n twinkled thromlh thie gloom, Ilo nail not nasked hier a sigRIe qillectlon relative to hier 1i lrtatge posithin lit merely gav heir that I narrteoin care whichve overy true mann owesto a nl itinprntueltet womln, and tile girl's Ilenrt nukhwleqldgd thelti ulvalrous klindness with a thrill pf admiring latQret est as no other man lihad over awakened. "I see the train just coming," he remarked, as they reachedl the platform. "We are just in time. Are you going far f" "Only to the next station, sir." "If you are at all afraid, and would like me todo so, I will cheerfully accompany you to your journey's and." Lonore smiled up at him, and put out her slim, white hand, Its diamonds and emeralds Ilashing in the light. " I thank you sincorely,sir, but there Isno necessity. I shall be quite safe, now, and I will ,lot trespass upon your kindness any further. You haveo lone me a great service, and I am gratoful," lio took the soft hand and bowed his hand. some enad over It. " Oh, you are more than welcome 1 I only wish I could further oblige you." The train came steaming up. "Ye'o are sure," he continued, "there le nothing more I can do for you I" "Nothing, sir, thank you, unless you will tell me the name of thle man who does not heasitato to pay due deference to. a lady, even if her position chances to be question. able.'! The towering hIcad was' bared again, and bowed before her. "My name is Ambrose Gerhart." "I shall not forget it, nor the senrice you have done me," she replied, as he assited her on oardl the train. Tihe carriage door closed, thd engine ut. tered a shriek, and Ilow on again; butstand. log in the moonlight, Ambrose saw the fair face and radiant eyes from the window, and once mtore lifted his cal,. "Sihe is some plorncass in disguise," he murmured. " A lady one can see at a glhnce,nnd os lovely s onle drenmas tle angels are I There are no auch women as she in Ill.'l OI'OllTl'N'TY. my world I I wonder if I shall ever see her ale nghed as the red light on the rear of the flying trai foialed In the distance, and the next moment broke Into a laugh at his own folly. " Wihat a fool I am," he muttered, "not to be content with what I've Rot I It one has the glow.worms, why should one pine for the stars? All, well, I won't stand here and dlream; my good mother's oat.cakes will all spoll with waiting, and the lambs and kids are to bi folded yet." Ile drew his Hlighland cap over his cluster. Ingloks and strodil on at a rapli pnoe, At tie extreme edge of the Black Hollow, below the manor, he saw a strange figure ad. vnncing toward him in the moonlight-thel figure of an old man, bent and stooping,with head and boeard like snow. " Wiho comes now?" thought Ambrose, " No such claractor as that inhabits these I parts. Who can he be 1" "Hollo I good father I' o exclaimed aloud, " which way are you faring I" The old (lgure paused, and turned on SAmbrose a face that looked strikingly youth. futl in contrast with his snowy locks. "I., sIr 1 Where am I going? Why, back to Moreton House, to be ure l Did they sond you to hurry tme? I've overstayed my time, I confess," "No, asir, no one has sent for youl I merely asked which way you were going I you look as if you might be a stranger here hbouts." The old man stroked his rlppling whitt beard, and laughed a soft, musical Iliglh, " Do I? Allt, well, I suppose n am a stranger; thia is an odd sworhl,and It Iuieles ,to.? Yes, yes, I'm n stranger, I've' been stoping at tlhe old manor yonder," " What? The hlintled manor 7" "Th'i' haunted manlor, sir, making the ghosts, a visit, I'm not afraid of them." "And what may your namo be, sir? If you'll allow me to ask.' SMly name, young sair Woll, they call ste King Loar at the Mlorot?n IloUeo, and tlhat'll do fur yon, I lhad another namo once, but no matter. W\Vhen thle time comes you shall hear It., Soi,,1 frolks call men lunatlo I do you think I look like otu?" 'I thinlk you look like a gentloman, I should take you for one of the old lords that used to live up yoelier." " W\Vuhl you, now 1 a I ha I ha I What ant observing young mann yout are. And your face, Hleaven bless me, where have I soon you beftre I" " I think this is our first meeting, King LeT,." " WVII you smale again, If you please, young coatt 1" - ' nAmbrose showed all his white teeth. " Good heavens, what a likeness I I never saw such a likeness. Tho very smile, and a clear-olt, manly face, Young sir, will you etoll me your nunlo ?" " Ambrose Oerhart, air." " Atld you live in tllese parts h" " I I the cottage telow theor. Suppose you go down with In ; tile night is advanced, and I must hurry on, or my good mother's ont. cakes will spoll with walling," "Nay, thanklng you all the same, but I oitlst hurry on,. I am going back to the Mnoletoln Ilouse, and I'vooverstayed my tlmq now, I only run down o(ieo IIn a while to look after thoe old hollme. It Is going to ruin sadly, and It reanks my heart to see It, Blut as soon ns I gtalffalrs unmalgled, nid seoure thti ritis aganiln, nldl between uts yoing oman, t.was a foul to lot thtnt elll hls lo ld tfdlts, and then I shall have the Grange repaired and thrown open ,for visitors. I shall be glad to see you. Mr. Gerhart, for I'm partico larly struck with your face. No doubt you've heard of the Trovethons ?" " Oh, yes, sir; I've seen Sir Geoffrey Tre rvethon I" " Indeed I May I ask whon and where I" "At Lyndith Hall, where he now lives." " Sir Geoffrey Trersehon? Mr. Gerhart, are you sure you saw /hims 1" I am Indeed." " Sir Geoffrey I Well, bless mysoul, this Is an odd world I You saw Sir Geoffrey Trevethon at Lyndith Hall I" Ambrose smiled at what he believed to be a madman's vagaries. "I certainly saw him' at Lyndith Hall. About two years ago I went across with a drove of cattle, and I saw Sir Geoffrey, and a very pleasant and hospitable gentleman he " No doubt. IIl I ha ha I the best joke of the season that. I really think, Mr. Gor. hart, we shall be compelled to have you at Moreton lHousc. You surely belong there. Uot, bless my soual, I must hurry onl Good. night, .I shall look to see you when I open the Orange." " Well,'! mused Ambrose, watchig him as he disappeared, "the last wonder Is greater than the frst. Who can he beh A mad man, of course; but he has the air of a gentleman, ... ,,, TO BE CONTINUED. We cannot afford to waste or ignore or despise anything; for however useless it may appear toour short-sighted vision, we know not what treasures of future growth and ad vancement may be enfolded within It, or how readily it may respond to wise cul ture. 