The Circtis . I have always had a singular liking for a circus, a low liking, it is very probable, 1 might hear you say, were I nearenough ; but I scorn to dispute the point. Tell me what there can be in high lifo more intoxicating with a sort of bubbling effervescing plea sure than the whole paraphernalia of a cir cus I I was thinking thus one day, a3 I entered one of these sunny pavilions, and thinking, too, whether, in spite of all my love of motion and swiftness and grace, so timid a person as I would have had much enjoyment in an old Roman circus where men and beasts en countered iri contest of blood, and where ladies, whose hearts could have been not greatly different from my own, applauded the death struggle of a gladiator as I did the somersaults of littlo Ninonito. The present entertainment was called upon the bills a ' Great Moral Bxhibition j ' and as with the circuB it combined a superior menagerie, to which Asian ju-ngles and African deserts had contributed, clergymen and others were cordially invited to witness the trained lion and the lamb lying down together. Of the last performance, of wbicli I am particularly speaking, the last item had been described in the advertisement as the M Ter rible Exploits of the Dauntless Bartouro in the Den of Wild Beasts;' the capitals had been thrilling. And accordingly, aftera suffi cient quantity of small boys had been thrown by the horse, an enormous carriage, that filled nearly half the space, ? was slowly .wheeled upon the scene, the sides w^re let down, and the den of wild beasts was dis closed. It was in three compartments, with strong partitions made of a lattice-work of iron bars between them. In the first one. some leopards and a Bengal tiger of loathly beauty were roaming restlessly round, up and down, in and out, round and about, in a way to make one's heartache. In the central compartment a lion was striding up and down, lashing his tail about ; while the lioness, lying in one corner with her two whelps fawning around ner, iooiiea with complacent curiosity at the crowd who returned her gaze. But when tho lids were let down from the last compartment, all thought of the occupants of the other two was for a moment forgotten, as the immense and single lion within that one sprang upon hia hind legs, pawing at the side of the cage as if he would break through and bound out upon us, and uttering a roar that resounded and reviberated from side to side, and m^de every heart standstill. We were almost all decorously placed 'on the tiers of seats, but at the sound and ihe sight the whole audience shook a little closer together; and, for my.own part, never lik ing such scenes as this promised to be, I had risen to go. 'Never mind,' said my companion to me, as I excitedly signified my wish to hasten off; ' it is a trite thing enough ; the creatures are i gorged with food and dandled from their j birth ; the exhibitor is in no danger,' ? I 'Yon are mistaken, sir,' said one of the group of bystanders. . ' In the first two^cages they are certainly tame enough, but the last beast is the true Nemsean, raging for bis lib erty. as ready to rend a man to atoms as ever his* wildest ancestors were.' ' ' Then why is he in that cagc, sir,' I asked, shivering beneath the bloie of those eyeballs like coals. J / ' He wa3 only addea to the collection a few hours since ' said /Another gentleman at my side. ' Some saifora brought him home oh their own account ; the ship happened to arrive in the harbor this morning, just as the menagerie was setting up its tents; thesailors lost no time in making their bargain, and the animal 'was transferred immediately; but an injury^hnppening to his own cage he was temporarily shut into this one till better ac commodations could be arranged, I believe.' ' But is it really strong enough ?' I asked, with a quiver. \ 11 Oh, without doubt.' 'And then'tho exhibitor does not venture into that compartment V* ' Not unless he is insane, I fancy.' ' Ah, what a roar 1 It is thunder's self 1' ' Possibly' he has not been'fed to-day.' ' I think wo hSd better- go,' I said, ' It rcaliy makes me ill.' ? ? ' Indeed,' was the response I met with. 'If there is going to be anything unusual, let us have tho benefit of it 1 ' * ' But it seems to me the exhibitioner is not ready. I do believe he is afraid himself.' ' Ho has no occasion,' said the sccond by stander again, ' In spite of out friend's opinion of the wild beast, unless tho exhibi tor should open the door of the third cage, there is absolutely not a shadow of danger/' ' And if he should ? ' 11 Why, then I imagine he would Burclyget his deserts.' 'The lion would, at any rate,' rejoined my companion. Oh, how nervous you mako mo 1'.I ex claimed. ' I wonder why tho Dauntless Bar touro does not come ? ' ' I'ossmiy uc ib asieep, ropiieu tne second bystander once more ; ' he has a littlo babitf they say, which occasions drowsiness— I sup poso so hazardous an occupation as may havo been, in the beginning, required stimulants, and he has abused tho necessity. If they are not sobering him' with buckets of cold water dashed ovor him, they are probably assisting him to hurry on bis tights and spangles.' As lie spoke, a man, carrying a little switch, bounded into tbo ring, made his bow to the audience, threw open the cage of the leopards, leaped lightly up, and in an instant had shut himself within. | Ho was a man cf splendid physical de velopment ; nnd so quick had been his three movements, that ono had not time to ceo bis dusbed faco an-j its swollen veins beforo ' it seemed that the exertion of seizing a leo pard and tossing liim in the air had occa sioned it. ' What a handsome man ? ' cried my com panion, staring at him with admiration. Hp was a picture os he faced us ; the two leopards stood with a paw on his cither shoulder, the spots seeming to waver in thoir supple sides like the sparks and glows in half blackencd firebrands, while the tiger bounded to and fro over the switch Ho held for him as if bis sleek curves were made of nothing but caoutchoue. It was plain that the creatures loved the man ; they reached out their long, red tongnes and licked hiin — he had fed them and tended them. As I thought this, Bartouro flung aside the first partition of iron bare with a thrust, and was in the central cage, stepping quickly to the lioness and switching her till sbo rose, upon her feetjicatching the hairy littlo cubs in bis arms, and throwing them about like juggler's balls ; calling the, lion to his side and lying down between them all, as if for peaceful repose in the bosom of his family. Meanwhile the tiger came and stretched himself at his feet, and one of the leopards * amused himBclf with boxing, an impertinent littlfi rub. whiln nnntiinr leonnrd retired to the furthest end of the cage, and appeared to keep watch like a sentinel over the domestic scene. It was, after all, a very charming sight, and tho place rang with applause. Suddenly Bartouro sprang to his feet, bowed again to the audience, then threw open the last partition. My tongue clave to ' t the roof of my mouth with horror ; the wholo amphitheatre hung upon one breath. ' The three compartments were now a single cage alone; but the animals in the first por tion hurriedly huddled themselves together in the remotest part, cowering and whining, and trembling in evident fear. With a magnificent fearlessness, BaKcuro trod Bwiftty toward the Hon, who stood erect, holding by his treraendouB paws to tbeside of the cage, his huge black mane rising and bristling round him as if instinct with savage ' life itself, as he turned his head at the clang of the iron bars, and glared with red-hot eyes upon Bartouro. ' Come back I For Heaven's sake, come ^ back 1 ' cried the circus»master, darting across the arena toward the cage, 'It is the new lion. You are a dead man'!' The whole andience rose. Oh^the cruel, handsome facss of those dead and gone Roman women! — these were not their ghosts. But Bartouro did not vouchsafe him a glance —only he trod swiftly forward, and struck the great beast a tingling blow in 'the face. . It was tho death-blow of courage. The lion, amazed for- one heart beat, with the next did not pause to crouch ere springing, but had throw himself in one mass upon Bartouro, who tottered and half fell, but rose again, and lifted his arms, that were like, springs of steel, to thrust the beast away. Then, as if lightning fell, the arms dropped powerless, the man sank slowly down, his eyes wide open and Btaving ion the lion, his face whiter- than ashes, the blood pouring from his side. Women were fainting now in the audience; children were shrieking, men were springing forward; the people of the menagerie were . running to get some weapon, nn nsu, a pistol, anything— there was not one who dared to ehter the cage and take bis prey from tho dreadful thing which would devour it before our very eyes for all we knew*. AU at once, in that swift, breathless in stant. a ball of fire shot through the air from one end of the cage to the other. It was the leopard who had sat as sentinel. In a second his mate had followed. One had no time to note their superb beauty, nor to wonder at their furious springs before the tiger had . hurled himself upou tiiein, and all three .had fallen with a yell on the lion, who tore his claws' away, and half forgot Bartouro, to turn fiercely on them. . ' Whether it was love of their master, or whethersomcforestseentstill lingering about , the wild brute, had roused the never before awakened rage of their blood, no one can say ; they were giving their lives for Bartouro — so . much was certain. ' Come out— come out 1' we cried in ono ? voice. ' Oh, yon are mad, Bartouro 1' He did not deign u« a look ; but his voicc T03e over the snarl and roar and cry of.tho struggling boasts, and over the uproar awak- . ened in the neighboring cages, like a blast ot wind — : . ' And leave my leopar Is to die ?' In a moment he had darted forward, the - helpless arm dangling from his shoulder, but his right haud grasping his wip ; and as tho lion, turning at the side glance which he caught of his first assailant, regardless of leo pards or tigers, shook them off- with almighty ' shudder, and collected himself for a second leap upon him,' Bartouro ran up with his whip, and with the precision of a marksman, ho had flecked its thong first in one eye of the Hon, and then the other, slipping aside as the lion rose to spring with a yell of pain and agony, and fell sprawling jxnd rolling over, striking against the Ircm sides of jthe ' cage, gathering itselt togetuer again, ann crouching as still as the sphinx. Another ray of light never entered those ' thong-flecked eyes. The lion was stone blind from that day. The whole scene had not occupied three minutes. At its close/Bartouro caught bis torn leopards and tossed them into the other end of the inclosure, single-armcd, drew bis_ tiger, although very badly maimed, away by the jaws, clanged down the iron door be- * tween, stepped out, shut the cage behind him, bowed to the audience— just as the circus master and his assistants dashed in with gifas and swords— and ran off as if ho had no more than trod upou a fly. Tho Dear Creatures.— When a young man deceives his best girl, and she finds — ? it out, it usually- leads up to a serious cry-sis. One reason why the homely girl takes the scholarship prize is because sho looks into books more than into mirrors. No man can court a cross eyed girl without being jealous. And the cause is that she always seems to be looking at and smiling upon Bomo other fellow. ' Please His Friends.— ' 'Will you please insert this obituary notice?' asked an old gentleman of an editor. 'I make bol'd to ask it, because the deceased had a great many friends about here who'd bo glad to hear of his death,' Cause for Gallantry.— When a young man politely offered his seat in a tram car to an old gentleman, and then v?ent and stood on the platform, n fellow passenger said,— ' I am glad to see, sir, a yonng man like you pay that respect and deference to old age which it should always command,' . ^ ' Yes, sir,' replied the youth, ' that old codger is worth a million dollars.' Guessed He Had Bafl. News.— Mrs, Partington was not so much a myth as synical unbelievers Assert. For instanco, * Aunty Becky Brown one morning last week came into the breakfast room with a very much troubled countenance. One of the , lamuy rcinain.cu huu hsmu uw nuui tho matter. „ ; -0 ' . 'I'm 'fraid Mr. Sparks has got some bad . news ; I jest seo a telegraph boy go ridin* up to hi* house on his cyclopedv.' ' You say you want to marry my daugh ter; have you spoken to her?' 'Yes, sir,' replied the young man, 'nud have gained her consent.' 'Well, if she said 4 yes' that settles it. Anything I might say or do wouldn't havo tho' slightest influence.' Then the young man goes homo and wonders if ho isn't to young to marry »uch * girl o W 