LITERARY NOTES. FROM Mr. Samuel Mullen's Monthly Cir- \ cular for July we extract the following items of literary gossip:-Our readers will be pleased to bear that Mrs. Meredith, whose literary and artistic reputation is widespread, has a second series of My Bush Friends in Tasmania prepared, and it only waits a cer tain number of subscribers to enable the work of publishing to proceed. A prospectus of the book is issued with this Circular, and we shall be glad if intending subscribers will fill up the order forms and return them at an early date. The number of Mature for April 5 contains a review of the first 15 decades of Professor M'Coy's Zoology of Victoria. The reviewer attachea very high importance to the professor's accurate and scientific descriptions of the fauna of this colony, and evidently regards them as of great interest and value. The plates, too, the work of Mr. A. Bartholomew and Dr. J. J. Wild, formerly artist to the Challenger expedition, are awarded very great praise. Our Government also is highly commended for subsidising such an undertaking as this is,. The will of the late Matthew Arnold is a model of brevity, and fails only in iiot appointing an executor:-"July 21,1862.-I leave everything of which I die possessed to my wife, Frances Lucy Arnold.-Matthew Arnold." The value of the personal estate has been declared at £1,040 178. 9d. Mr. William Black's new work The Strange A dvenlures of a House Boat will be published in three volumes by Messrs. Sampson Low, Marston, and Co. shortly. I The Eavesdropper, in the Gornhill Magazine, which has been generally attributed to the author of Vice Versd, is from the pen of Mr. James Payn, and is issued in a popular form. James Russell Lotfell has collected, prin cipally from the Atlantic Monthly and the North American lleiiew, a volume of poli tical essays, which will be published shortly by Messrs. Houghton, Mimin, and Co., of Boston, U.S.A. The earliest dates back about 30 years, and the latest is the remarkable address delivered in New York just before he sailed for England. An interesting and unique copy of Pkkwick, in original parts, has lately been sold by Miss Langley, of Reading, for £50. It was the author's copy, and presented (up to the date of her sudden death) "to Mary Hogarth," and was probably the first copy issued from the press. The autographs on the covers are specially interesting. In addressing the first the author signed himself " The fiditor," on the next "The Author." The numbers following are signed "Chatles Dickens" or "C. D." The death of Mary Hogarth, as is well known, caused a delay in the publica tion of the work for two months. With the part tor 30th June, 1837, appeared an address from the author to the public, in which he said " the effort of writing had been impos sible." This number was addressed "to George Hogarth." Judging from the demand for her portrait, it would appear that Edna Lyall enjoys a very high degree of popularity. The photograph was published quite recently, but has already been reprinted. One London West-End dealer cleared out his stock several times in succession. THE July number of Longman's Magazine contains the following note from Mr. Andrew Lang :-'The Japanese have invented a ghostly game whicii may be commended to people tired ot the monotony of thought-reading. It is the Game of a Hundred Wicks. A lamp with 100 wicks (fewer will dc) is set in a darkling obscure corner of a house, just the sort of place which M. Pierre Loci's Madame Chrysantheme would have .avoided. Then, in the pleasant light of lanterns in the draw ingroom, the company begin to tell ghost stories. Each, as be has told his tale, goes forth, and blows out one of the wicks in the lamp. At firBt it is all very well-who's afraid? Nobody! But, when it comes to blowing out the last wicks after hearing about 90 ghost stories, ah, then it is a very different affair. Finally, the last pilgrim sees " the spectre that appears when the lamp is going outno common or garden Bpectre this, but a bogie of the most appalling character. Now, is this not a pleasant draw ingroom game, and well worth introducing? Probably the lamps can be bought at any »f the Japanese shops. The spectre is shrouded, it is green, it has eyes that drop blood " white-eyed phantoms weeping tears of blood "-and it is provided with horns and a grin. Its long hair hangs about it like a black winding-sheet. Children's parties attended. THE Tablet prints the following etory of the press-censorship from Warsaw :-One of the local papers published a correspondence from Rome, in which the Pope was spoken of as the " Vicegerent of Christ" Now in Poland the post of Vicegerent or Viceroy has been for a long time abolished, and the title is now illegal. The worthy censor, therefore, struck out the obnoxious word and substi tuted the legal equivalent, " Governor General." The Holy Father duly appeared in the columns of the paper as " Governor General of Christ" A LITTLE parchment-covered book has just been presented to Harvard College Library by Mr. Edward A Silsbee, of Salem, Mass. The book was given to Mr. Silsbee some years ago by Shelley's life-long companion, Jane Clairmont, who was the step-sister of his wife and their companion in their original elopement. The Independent (New York) says:-"The book is a small quarto, contain ing originally 160 pages, of which 60 have been torn out, although originally written upon, as appears from the table ot contents at the end. Two of the other pages are blank. It contains the following poems in Shelley's handwriting ' The Sensitive Plant,' ' An Anacreontic ' (The Fountains mingle), ' An Exhortation ' (Cameleons live), ' Ode to Heaven,' ' Ode to Liberty' (part only), 4 The Indian Serenade' (lines to an Indian air), 'Song' ('Swifter Flow'), rTo William ' To a Skylark,1' ' To the Lord Chancellor,' ' England' (Corpaes are Gold), ' Song' (Good-night'), ' Sonnet to the Republic of Benevento.' The following are in Mrs, Shelley's handwriting, with occa sional corrections in Shelley's own' A Vision of the Sea,' 'To-night,' 'Song'(Rarely, rarely), 'A Dream,' 'Hymn to Mercury,' ' Ballad' (' Young Parson Richards'). There is also one sonnet, 'Ye hasten to the dead,' in a hand different from the others. No poem appears in this volume which has not been published, unless it be the fragment of a rather over-vehement ballad, ' Young Par son Richards,' with which it ends ; and the sonnet' To the Republic of Benevento.' Bat great interest attaches to the hitherto missing verses of another poem, which consisted originally of 16 stanzas, but of which Mrs. Shelley only prints seven in her Note on Poems of 1819. This is his fiery curse upon the Lord Chancellor, which is to be found complete in the manuscript volume." THE first volume of the Correspondence of Peter the Great, which is about to appear, will contain 402 letters and documents re ferring to the period of 1G88-170L and will consist of more than 1,000 pages, There we, two portraits, facsimiles of letter*, ftWTplanir and drawings made by Peter himself. The work has been brought out under the super vision of a committee of savants, of whom Professor Bytchkoff. Director of the Imperial Public Library. U the chief. In 1877,10,000 documents had been collected. 