CHAPTER LIT. DICK I IAS A DAD NIGHT. ‘If I wasn’t such a coward—if I wasn’t such a cowan] 1” cried Dick Sogden, ns he paced up and down his nwm. “ How many times have I seemed to see it all,-—haunting me—haunting me ? “ They say there’s ghosts and the spirits of murdered men rise against them as kill them ; and it’s just as if ho was always coming to me. It wasn't murder. I was only lighting for liberty. And I’ve scorned to see him ever since, and it has been as if I had never had a happy hour all these years. “ Nvhat I’ve suffered—whut I’vesuffered 1 And I’m such a coward, or I should go and speak out and save him. No, uo, no, I can’t. They wouldn’t believe a word of it. They’d say I was mad, and if they did believe it—Ah l” He wrung his hands, and the great drops of sweat gathered on his brow as he mut tered in a harsh, utigry, whisper : “ And who wouldn't be a cowartl ? Is it such an easy tiling to be hung? Oh, the times I’ve seen it all—the constables and the handcuffs—the* magistrate and the evidence—and then the trial, and the judge speaking low and solemn and sentencing mo to death. “ If I wasn't such u coward ? “I’oor Master Rob. And him so trueand bravo und staunch. Such a lud as he is. I’ll go ! I’ll tell everything, It’ll save him, and I’d better 1*0 hung than hold my tongue when a word would keep him from being shot. # “ No ; that devil would say it was all a lie ; ami then he’d hunt mo down, and I should bo hung—hung by the neck till I was deud.^ Audi swore I’d bo true to him, and keep it all a secret. I swore I would. What did I say /” I He shuddered as he presod his hands to his | burning brow and gazed wildly round. “I don’t know now. It seems nil gone, i but 1 swore it, and I’ve kept my oath. I i “ But I didn’t know it would come to tins, and it's too horrible—too horrible for a man | j lie stopped short close to the wall, with his head bent forward and eyes staring as if ho were gazing into space, his Ups moving I the while, and at times they were the mut terings of delirium. And then ho seemed to | Ik* struggling hunl to collect himself, and ! shook his head and passed his hands over his eyes again and again to sweep away the dimming mental mist which confused liis intellect. i *’ Can’t think—can’t seem to think clearly,” | he muttered angrily. * ‘ Tilings got mixed up altogether.” | lie stood gazing straight nt the wall ! ag.iin, and lur burst out now in a fierce denunciatory way. | “ Yes, 1 will,” he erid, 44 I dare tell | every tiling. He’s n brave, true, noble ! fellow, ami you’ve boon a curse to him. Yes, you. A bn:to. I’ve seen you lash him ! like a dog, as you’ve la-h»d me with your tongue. Like a dug—treuUxl me like a dog— treated us all like dogs. .But I’ve kept my word. I swore I'd do everything you said, and I’ve done it, Ah!” He rushed to the side of the room, poured out some water quickly, and bout down to bathe his brow.” “ Seems to char one, like,’’ he muttered, ns he held the towel to his face. “ I can think now, und there isn’t Unit black cloud pressing down upon a man’s head.” lie began to twee tin* nwm again. *‘ If I only dared speak—if £ only dared speak !*’ ho groaned, as lie sunk down in a sitting position on the edge of his bed, ami lw*gun to nwk himself to and fro, 14 AVhut did he say ? That so sure as there was a God above he’d denounce me and leave no stone unt urned to send me to the gallows—and ho would-he would— and I’m a coward, a miserable coward. I always was. 14 Never mind, Master Rob, lad.’’and he spoko in a light, half-piteous way. as if the person addressed were present—44 its only a short and a sharp sting. You’re a soldier, and it’s what he might expect some time or other. You gave it him well, und can feel ! happy about that, and I can tell you one t thing, lad, much older as I am, that life 'ain’t worth Irwving; it's been to mo almost a curse. Better out of it, my kil, and go to sleep—eh I’1' lie bent forward and smiled an the vacant look upon hw face increased. 44 "Why don’t I go out of it ? "Why don’t I tell the truth ? Hah ! Thut’a it. I’m such a coward, my lad, such a. coward. I daren’t speak,, not even to give you- your own. All, it's weary work, lad, when-you’ve got somctliing like this on your inind. Sleeping or waking, it’a always then;. Hm eyes looking at you, and telling you Unit yon killed him. I’ve ttveu him pointing lots of times to a crowd on a dark rooming, and when t looked there was something swinging to and fro above the crowdptndl daren’t look any more, and then he has seemed to laugh and jeer at me, a« if he wuh pleased that I should be punished and suffer as I Dick leaped up with an angry cry, ami looked wildly round us he pressed liw “ ‘Tain’fc drink,*’ lie mnttered thickly. “ I haven’t touched a drop,. but. it’s just like it was that time after the wliiskuy. Beenisall real-like, and aa if I was talking to him. Seems to bo sitting there and looking, at me with those bnght eyes of his and asking me to nave him. Said ho was so young and didn’t want to die like that. 44 Poor lad,” he said, after a pnnse, 44 Why should he when there's only mo in the way » I will speak. I’ll go to the colonel and tell him all the truth, if I cun only keep tuy head and remember what I want to say, but it ktvpe going from me. Seems like walking straight to the gallows, and they’d try'.mo and hang me for it. What of that ?. It would betho saving of as true a lad as ever stepped and it would make those old people happy— two who never did me harm. I will tell them. 1*11 make a clean breast before it is too late, and before he comes. “No, no, I cannot,” groaned the unhappy man wildly, and ho stood pointing before him. “ As soon as I say I will,. he seems to be lying out therein the copse, among the wet leaves and dripping grass, and he opens his eyes and looks at me, and—there he is again. Don’t—don’t—don't, master—don’t look at me like that. It was uu accident—the gun went off In the tnssle.* Dick sank upon his knees and stretched‘out his hands as lie ga^ed into vacancy. 44 I couldn’t help it—you know I couldn’t help it, and that I’d sooner have cut offpny right hand than pulled the trigger. Don’t look at me like that. Help—help ! "What shall I do I” The wretched man sank down from where he had cast himself upon Ids knees and lay grovelling upon the floor.. “It isn’t that I’m afraid to die. I’ve suffered so much that my l:fo has been a hcU upon earth, but it’s Unit—it’s that. He’s always there, seeming as if he’d drag me down—drag me down, and I dared t—-I daren’t face that. It is too terrible to bear. 4 4 What shall I do ? .Let that brave, young fellow die. or speak the truth ? 44 No, I dare not. When he comes he’ll tell Sir Philip, audit will allbe stopped. How long will it be before he comes i The letters must reach him, and I’ve sent them both, in spito of all ho said. Poor lad—poor hid I” Dick at last rose from where he lay with the intention of going to Sir Philip’s room, waking him and making a full confession of hLs sins ; but as soon ns he reached the door, it seemed to him in Ids over-excited state that the murdered gamekeeper siootl in his way. threatening him with extended hand, arid he shrank back with a wild cry, to east himself, writhing in agony, upon the bed. A few words bravely spoken would havo changed the current of events; and Iticiiurd Sogdun fought hard to speak those words. Hour succe<ded hour with determination to act coming and coming again and again; but it was always the same as the wild tit of delirium increased. There stood by him tlie figure of Rob, despairingly plemling tliat he would save his life, and on the other hand, like some mocking fiend, the form of the dead keeper standing in Ids way to drive him 44 It’s so that I shan’t do aught tliat anight tell forme by-aiul-bye,” gruanedDick. “It’ to make sure of me when I’m trying to do right. Master Rob, lad, I want to save you. I’m ready to die so tliat you may live, but it’s paused, as he painted straight before; *4 he’s stopping rue—-he won’t let me go past him, and it’s too late.” too late—too late now 