A Strange Adventure. [BY MICHELE CIARDIELLO.] I. In Naples, near the picturesque hill of Posillipo, is a grotto which leads from Chiaga to the busy village of Fuorigrotta. The grotto was cut through the hill by the Cumani at the time Naples was called Partenope. It was then a small village, whilst Cuma was a large city. The grotto was executed to form a communication between the two places. If you pass through the grotto, and glance at your left before entering it, you will find the tomb of Virgil, whilst further on to your right you see a small hermitage, inside which are three old dusty wooden images, supposed to be the representations of the Virgin Mary, Joseph, and the infant Christ, as they appeared in the manger at Bethlehem. Before them are kept a few dimly burning oil lamps. Outside the hermitage an aged hermit salutes the passers by, asking alms for the support of the sacred edifice, but in reality to procure the living of himself and numerous family. The grotto, now lit up by gas, was, at the time I am speaking of, illuminated in a more primitive manner by oil lamps, which cast a shadowy look over the picturesque costumes of the goatherds as they passed through with their numerous herds of goats, on their way to find pasture in the country, after having furnished milk to the inhabitants of the town. The men would be seen marching along with their sticks across their shoulders, singing songs in chorus, now and then stopping in their song to shout to the driver of some cart or carriage, to keep to the right or left, so as not to interfere with the goats. On a fine morning at the beginning of 18—, three students from the Academy of Fine Arts in Naples, carrying with them all the requisities for painting, were marching through this identical grotto towards the country. Students of every nation are alike in this respect, that each imagines himself a genius, that he in time will achieve wonders. Our three friends were no exception to the rule: each considered himself the Raphael of the future. The eldest of the three, evidently a provincial, was a dark good-looking man, with a fine baritone voice, a player on the guitar, which he carried slung over his shoulder. The second was pale, thin, and sentimental; and the third was a decided Neapolitan, stout, witty, but with a sly and take- you-in sort of face. "So you have heard I found the rooms yester- day?" said the sentimental Maurice. "We did hear something about it," they an- swered; "but we should like to know further details." "Well, all I can tell you is that I have procured two large rooms in a haunted tower, situated in a farm yard on the Vomero. The rooms up to this moment are being used as granaries by the farmer." "Then how are we to manage to sleep there?" "Oh, they are to be cleaned out for us. One room we shall use as a bed room, the other we can fit up as a studio. There are more rooms above, but there is no way to get up to them, the stone steps being broken. The rooms we shall inhabit have not been occupied for years, and are supposed by the peasantry to be haunted by a ghost who appears nightly. However, the view from our windows is sublime, and we shall have the apart- ment all to ourselves." "Bother the ghost," said Henry, the provincial, "I wish it would come while we are there." "Never mind the ghost; let others believe what they please. I am only too glad I have succeeded in getting the rooms so cheap." "But if they are really haunted, I do not see the fun of taking the place," said Bartolozzi; who, notwithstanding his robust make, was an arrant coward. Our three self-styled heroes had now reached the other end of the grotto, and had entered the village of Fuorigrotta, which, at that early hour of the day, was full of life and activity. In this part of Italy all business is carried on in the open air. There is a blacksmith, with his implements outside his shop door, hammering with all his might and main shoeing a horse, whose impatient master is anxiously waiting in his cart filled with barrels of new wine, to continue on his way to the next town; a little further on is a rustic tavern with several tables spread outside, near which are placed long benches of wood, seeming to invite the weary traveller to rest awhile and break his fast; here and there you meet a pretty peasant girl selling oranges or chestnuts; on the other side of the road is a barber's shop, in which even the shaving operations are carried on in the open air. At the end of the village you come to the pretty little church of St. Vitale, which appears as if outlined on the island of Ischia. The clear blue sky, the fragrant air, the bright sunshine all combine to make a glowing picture. Our three students, leaving the village, turned out of the main road to the right, in the direction of the tower, which could be seen standing like a sentinel on the summit of the Vomero hill. They reached the village of St. John, whilst it was still early. Though dignified by the name of village, it was in reality a mere hamlet, consisting of a few strag- gling houses here and there. On approaching nearer the court yard of the tower, they found the entrance to be by two embattled portal arches, situated one on the north side, the other on the east. Entering through the arch on the north side, facing them they saw a small church, whose dilapidated belfry could scarcely sustain the weight of its own bell. Service was seldom performed within these sacred walls, except on grand occasions, when the husbandman desired to unite with his family and dependents, in thanksgiving to the patron saint for a fruitful harvest. Attached to the church, and on the same line, was a row of houses occupied by the farmer and all his relations, beginning from the aged grandmother down to the toddling grand- children of a few years. On the western side of the court yard was a vine- covered terrace where the farmer, after the toil of the day was over, assembled with his friends and family, each relating some story, to while away the evening hours. On arriving at their tower, our artists commenced examining their new quarters, which they found already prepared for them and in order. "This is charming," said Henry; "what a beautiful view we have from the window. We shall feel like princes here." "I am glad you like it, Henry," said Maurice. "What do you think of it, Bartolozzi?" "Well enough, provided we are not visited by the ghost," answered the most timid one of the party. "No fear of that, you old goose," replied Maurice, laughing; "let us commence to arrange the studio." So saying, he hung the guitar on the wall, dis- played the easels with the canvasses upon them, and was putting the paint boxes and camp stools on one side, when the voice of the farmer was heard calling them to breakfast. "Let us leave every thing as it is," continued Maurice, "and respond to Gennaro's invitation. To-day we will take a holiday, so that to-morrow we may feel fresh to begin our work." They descended the stairs and entered the garden, where Gennaro had prepared the breakfast table, under a tree in a most enchanting spot, com- manding a view of the plains of the Bagnoli with Capo Miseno, where Tiberius ended his days. One could see also the island of Capri, where the same Emperor used to spend the summer months. To the left rose the beautiful chain of mountains of the Astroni; with Pogguoli, the ancient Puteoli, and dominating all the Certosa, the monastory of the Trappists. Our three friends seated themselves at the table, where Gennaro, who was a bit of an artist himself, had tastefully arranged a basket filled with the finest and freshest figs and grapes, interspersed with lovely wild flowers. Each vied with the other in doing honour to the repast, and not for- getting to drink in the sparkling wine of Posillipo to the health of the prettiest girls in Naples. II. Gennaro, the farmer, was a man about sixty years of ago. He was a perfect character, half a bravo, half a Don Quixote, but, on the whole, very good natured. His long face, and his enormous ears, gave his countenance a strong look of a horse, which his continual grin only increased. His costume was very simple; a rough woollen shirt open at the chest, with trousers of the same material, tied at at the waist by an old red scarf, a coloured pocket hankerchief round his neck completed his attire. He was slightly lame from a fall from a tree when young; he had never married, but his nephews and nieces lived with him. They having lost their parents trusted to poor good-natured Gennaro to support them all. He used to sell some of the pro- duce of his land, and it was very pleasant to see in the evening the old fellow making himself very busy in serving wine, cheese, and dry fruit, to the coast- guardsmen who were stationed close by for the stoppage of contraband goods. "Well, Gennaro, you have visitors staying here?" said one of them. "What sort of fellows are they?" "Ay, very nice fellows, I can assure you; they are out all the day long sketching, and in the even- ing they come here." "I heard last night from our post a good deal of singing and playing," said another. "Oh, yes, that is Don Enrico, who plays the guitar so well. He has such a voice! he amuses every one on the terrace in the evening." "I was obliged to give up making my accounts last night. At first I was annoyed by the interruption, but on going to the window and listening to the echo of the chorus which reached me so softly and so sweetly, I was delighted with it." "Well, there he is again," said Gennaro, inter- rupting him. At this moment the whole company was silent to listen to the prelude of a guitar, and the voice of Henry could be heard singing—— "Terisera in piazza di Siena Si promosse un aspra guerra." "Let us go to them," they all said, and even the heart of the coast-guardsmen felt that poetry had the uppermost of prose, and they left in the midst of their supper to imbibe the sweet notes of the music. They approached the terrace, silently and rever- ently. In the midst of an attentive circle, compris- ing all Gennaro's relations and friends, Henry was standing deftly handling his guitar. A large Italian hat on his head shaded his face from the moon which was shining bright and clear above him. The vines arranged in festoons over a trellis work, with the clusters of luscious grapes ready to be made into sparkling wine, the shadow thrown by the foliage on the groups around made a mag- ficent effect against the clear sky. Henry was in the zenith of his glory that night, and when the last note was finished, the new comers joined the group, felicitating the singer and his friends, and inviting them to the cave to have some wine together. III. The cave soon became very animated. Wine was served right and left, and with it our host became very elequent. Tongues were loosened, the coast- guardsmen asked for a new song. Henry would not hear of it, but wanted a story from them. They said they had none to relate; when Bartolozzi called out: "Now, Gennaro, tell me why is the tower we have taken called haunted? Is there any story at- tached to it." "Oh, do please, Gennaro, set his mind at ease, for, until he hears the story, he will never sleep quietly. "But suppose that I relate what I know," said Gennaro, "will that make him more satisfied?" "You take the thing too seriously," said Henry; "you make even me rather nervous." "Nonsense! There is nothing to be alarmed about; I want to tell you what my father used to relate to me. You must know then, that at the time Joachim Murat was King of Naples, my father saw him one day, on those identical hills surrounded by several generals all on horseback, exploring in every direction. After a day or two, workmen arrived here and began to build that tower, and at the same time several other towers were also con- structed all around. He could not understand the reason, but after the building was finished, a strong force of soldiers came, half French, half Nea- politans. Then my father knew for the first time that these towers had been built expressly to guard Bagnoli coast, in case the Bourbons from Palermo should attempt a landing. Well, returning to my story, soon after a quarrel broke out between the French and Neapolitan soldiers, and one or two of them were killed in the room you now occupy. Time went on; the soldiers left the tower, which came into the possession of my father, who let it to different people, and it was at this time the legend of the ghost first arose. "Has anyone slept in the room since?" inquired Maurice. "Oh, yes, plenty more; some say they heard the ghost, others heard nothing. For myself, I have slept there several times during harvest, but have never seen or heard anything." "Something may, or may not have happened, but the idea that a murder has been committed in this tower is not pleasant," said Bartolozzi. "That is true," said Maurice and Henry, begin- ning to repent their bargain of having taken the tower. One of the coast-guardsmen finding that the artists began now to be alarmed, tried to change the subject, saying "What a good king Joachim Murat was." "Good king! I should think so," answered the loquacious Gennaro. "If you had heard how my father used to go on about this subject you would have been astonished. He remembered the com- mencement and the end of his reign, and all the great fétes he used to give the Neapolitans in the public garden. The public garden then was a very different one from the present, with its flowers and groves of trees. Then it consisted of vine-covered avenues.—Well, at this féte, each fountain, instead of pouring forth water, poured out wine. Large troughs filled with maccaroni were placed on both sides of the garden, whilst men with their hands tied behind their backs, were invited to eat as much as they could get in that way." "What splendid days those were," said the coast-guardsman, who was delighted to hear a short account of the history of his country. "Yes, those were the times!" continued Gennaro, "The king on féte days used to go dressed as a private gentleman, with one or two attendants, to look at the city of Naples from the heights; and when he saw some poor house, from whose chimney no smoke was issuing, he used to send the occupier of the house a good dinner, with some gold coins. Who could have imagined, after doing so much good, he would have met with such an untimely fate. Many a time when I was still a boy, my father used to point out the Posillipo new road to me, saying 'that road was made by Murat, and when he made it, he very little thought, that by that identical road, he would have to run away from Naples. He saved himself then, and it would have been better for him if he had stayed away, but on coming back again, he was betrayed, taken prisoner at the Pizzo, judged by a court martial, and condemned to be shot.' My father, when re- lating his death to me, used to cry like a child." "And how did his death occur?" "Well, Murat asked King Ferdinand to allow him to give the word of command 'fire' to the soldiers who had to shoot him, and when the day arrived, Murat, standing before the soldiers, firm as a rock, said 'Infants, aim at the heart,' and before he could finish the word 'Fire,' down fell the good king, pierced through with bullets." The conclusion of Gennaro's story shed a gloom over the company, when after a few minutes' silence. Henry said— "The story is very interesting, and the company very good, but it is already late now. To-morrow the cock will crow early, and I want to do some work, so my dear friends it is better we say good- night." "Good-night," answered the coast-guardsmen. "We hope you will all sleep well after such a pleasant eveming. Good-night." Gennaro took a lantern, lighted it, and began to clear the way for our artists towards the tower. The moon had just then disappeared, large masses of clouds, coming from the south, were covering the entire sky. The tower, which, during the early part of the evening, was looking bright with the moon shining on it, had now assumed a phantom-like appearance. The three students silently followed Gennaro, who, moving his lantern from right to left, to shew the path, reached the steps, opened the door, placed the lantern on the table, and wished his guests "good night." IV. From the studio, the three friends passed into the bedroom, lighted a candle, and glanced round the room. They found that two beds had been placed together to afford sufficient space for the three occupants. Such scanty accommodation did not horrify them, for they were only three students, with very little means; besides, being in a farm house, they had made up their minds to rough it. They soon retired to rest, and what with the exertions of the day, and what with the good supper, two of them were soon in the arms of Morpheus. Maurice, however, lay awake, the events of the day passing through his mind in rapid succession. Whilst he was absorbed in these thoughts, the clock of the hamlet near, began to strike—one—two—Maurice counted until twelve. "Midnight," he said, "and I still awake. Outside, the wind was blowing a gale, Maurice could hear it; he could hear the old window of the bedroom shaking under its pressure. He felt a little uneasy. The ghost story occurred to his mind. He re- membered what Gennaro had said about the murder committed in that identical room. He wished his friends were awake instead of snoring. Whilst thinking of all this, the bedroom door opened gently, and he felt a current of fresh air, whilst a heavy, stamping noise was heard. What is that?" he said, quite alarmed. "But perhaps it is only the wind that has opened the front door." But the sound increased, and he could stand it no longer. He called in a whisper, "Henry! Henry!" "What is it?" said Henry. "A noise in the studio." "A noise ?" "Yes." In the meantime a terrible noise succeeded, as if easels, pictures, &c.;, &c.;, had all fallen to the ground, then perfect silence ensued. Bartolozzi was now thoroughly aroused, and trembling all over, said "We are in for it now; this is indeed the ghost." Maurice and Henry determined to solve the mystery, got out of bed, one rushed for his gun, the other for the light, and both made for the studio; whilst Bartolozzi, in fear, and trembling, had hidden himself under the sheets. The two artists, who had advanced towards the studio, were in their long night shirts, their faces pale, their hair dishevelled, one pointing his gun to- wards some moving mass in the dark room, the other holding up the lantern, so as to reveal the identity of the dreaded intruder. Henry exclaimed, "Not a step further, or you are a dead man." Perfect silence was the answer. Maurice and Henry ad- vanced, trembling, the former putting forward the lantern. What did they see? The scene was more comical than tragical. An innocent donkey, with his bright eyes, staring at them in astonishment. Imagine the surprise and hilarity of the two, whose merriment caused the appearance of Bartolozzi, who, recovering from his fright, joined heartily in the roars of laughter. How had all this happened? The donkey, pre- viously to the coming of the artists, had been accustomed to be in that room, and this night had evaded the surveillance of Gennaro, and regained his old abode, of course, knocking down everything in his way. When the merriment had subsided, our three friends, downright exhausted, went to bed again, and this time slept really profoundly, where we shall leave them to better and happier dreams. 