TO-DAT throughout Australia, in some fo m or other, the settlement of the continent, a, hundred years ago, is being commemorated. To .day, the 26th January, 1888, is known as Cen tenhial Day,- and possibly in the future the first settlemeat of this great southern laod will be celebrated by the observance of Foundation Day, as the Railway Department has seen fit to dub this anniversary. Ae national feeling becomes m^re developed and stronger iu the breasts of Australians born, the anniversary will be celebrated with all the enthusiasm with which our cousins in the United States of America commemorate their erection in to an independent nation. Some people profess to attach no importance any one day in preference to another, but whatever events may be losteight of it is to be hoped tbat Young Australia will nerer cease to observe Foundation Day as a high holiday, not so much for the purpose of applying it to pleasure seeking, as because it is t be anniversary of the birth of what is certain to be the greatest nation on rarth should time only permit. The birth of the Australian nation was a Finall event in public estimation when it occurred. It is even more "than probable that the people of Great Britain never entertained the remotest anticipation that the small convict settlement on the east coast of New South Wales, formally located on the 26th January, 178would develop into the Australia-of to-day, a hundred years later. To-day has a distinct importance to New South Wales as being the centennarv of the colony, shorn as it is of its original dimensions. And bere it may not be out of place to refer to the attempt made by Sir Henry Parkes to arrogate to New South Wales the name of the whole continent. In his famous nssertion of right to the name he was sadly astray in his geographical his-. tory, and even those who combated his 1 pretensions on behalf of New South Wales conceded more than he was entitled to. From the journal of Captain Cook we make the following extract:— As I was now about to qnit the eastern coast of New Holland, which I had coasted from latitude 3Sdeg. to this place, and which 1 am confident no European had ever seen before, I once more hoisted English colors ; and though I had already taken possession of several particular parts, I now took possession of the whole eastern coast from latitude 3Sdeg. to this place, latitude lOideg. S., in right of His Majesty Kiug George UL, by the name of New South Wales, with all the bays, harbours, rivers, and islands situated upGnit. We then fired three volleys of small arms, which were 'answered by the same number from the ehip. Having performed this ceremony upon the island, we called it Possession Island." This is unanswerable, but we are not now arguing against the pretensions of New South Wales to be known as Australia, and so dismiss the matter. The mother colony has every right to rejoice to-day over the proud position she has attained, and we would that she were even more prosperous. Her beginning was small. A fleet of ships consisting of H.M.S. Sirius, a frigate of twenty guns, and the Supply, acting as convoys, three storeships, and six transports with convicts, left England on'13th May, 1787, and anchored in Botany JJay on the "20th "January of the following year, a landing beine made at the spot now known as Point Sutherland, 'fhe expedition was tinder the command of Captain Arthur Phillip, ^. post-captain in the serviee. Hie fcauritry in the immediabe neighborhsod 'of the landing place was found tnenti iaiid. iQ a' short/time the xrhole' party ivaa traneferred io the ptdta^^g; phores of Port Jackson, at Sydney COFB, ppir {ermed Circular Quay, Th epot chosen for the settlement, was "-at the head of thecore,-near a run of •fresh,water, which ^stole silently through a thick wood." ' la the evening of the day (26th January) the whole of the party then present were, we read, assembled at the point where they had first landed in the mirnini, on which a flagstafi had been erected and the Union Jack displayed, when the mariners fired several volleys. The healths of His Majesty and the Boyal family, with success to the new colony, were most cordially drunk. The disembarkation of the troops and convicts took place on the next and following days. Tbe : British i population consisted of 180 free men and women and 850 convicts. Now, three centuries later, the population of the colooy is over a million, with a revenue of over eight millions of pounds sterling. Her imports are valued at about twenty-four millions sterling, and the exports are estimated at some seventeen millions sterling. Her fame as a wool and coal producing country is world wide, and the im mensiiy of her silver resources is such that the famous deposits of the Nevada shrink into insignificance. In all this New South Wales has undoubted cause for pardonable pride, but while the people of New South Wales rejoice on their own account, the people of the other colonies rejoice from a federal point of view. Victoria has made far greater and more rapid progress than New South Wales, j>ut to-day that fact is lost sight of in tlie importance which the Australian na tion has achieved. During the hundred years which terminated yesterday, Victoria and Queensland have sprung from New South Wales. South Australia has become a flourishing colony and Western Australia is rapidly advancing. The white population of the continent has increased to about four millions, and the importation of the convict element has become a thing of the past. Australians have made their influence felt in the council of the nation, and in the future, no matter affecting Australian interests can be dealt with by the Imperial authorities without Australians being first consulted. To all intents aud purposes Australia has grown into a nation able to assert itself, aid in a large measure to defend its own interests; and those born on the soil of the continent may weH boast with pride that they are Australians. Looking forward to the end of the centurj which begins to-day it is impossible to form even a ghost of an idea, what the Australia of 1988 will be. There are millions of acres available for settlement, and there are t>oundlcss resources awaiting development by the agriculturist, the artisan, and the miner- We extend a heart; welcome to suitable immigrants from all nations, aud at the end of another huudrei years, if progression continue iu like proportion to that of the last century, Australia should be the most powerful nation on the face of the globe. To this ecd, however, and it should be the object of all Australians to accomplish it, all petty intercolonial jealousies must not only be suppressed but eradicated, while everything that tends to federation must be cheristied and fostered. Federation of the Australian colonies will not take place duriog the lives of the leading statesmen of the day, but when they have been gathered to their fathers, it will speedily be accomplished and without difficulty. THE HOSPITAL Row.—Relations are strained, to use a diplomatic term, between the matron and the wards man -of the hospital. The matron charges die wards man with insulting conduct aud insolence, and the wardsman complains that the matron is domineering and tyrannical towards him. The cook also has her back up," and complains of having been insulted by the matron. These matters engaged the attention of the hospital committee at a meeting yesterday afternoon. The matron's complaint was embodied in a line and a half of manuscript, while the wardsman, who appears to have been suffering from a bad attack of ULCV' tlies xcribetuii, used several pages of cloBely written foolscap to detail his complaints. To make friends with the cook is generally advised as a wise course, upon which the wardsman would appear to have acted, for the cook induced him to embody her complaint with his own. The committee did nothing "with any of the complaints beyond referring them to the" accused parties for reply to another meeting to be held on Wednesday next, when evidence will be taken, and at which the resident surgeon,. matron, wardsman, cook, and night nurse will be requested to attend. ' ME GEO. MAXWELL GORED BY A Bcxx. —Mr Geo. Maxwell, Government surveyor, of Wangaratta, and brother of Mr John Maxwell, £ynetonshire engineer, narrowly escaped being killed on Monday by a young Alderney bull which was running in his paddock. -The animal, whilst being driven to the loose-box, knocked Mr Maxwell down and tote his right thigh open. It then charged Mr Maxwell again, but he seized the ling in the bull's nose, and, although trampled upon, stuck to it until assistance came. Air Maxwell was much bruised and weakened from loss of blood, but is improving under Dr M'Farlane's care. The bull was subesquently shot. A NEW POLICE ARRANGEMENT:. —On Tuesday evening- Constable Mooney from Collingwood reported himself to Sergeant Young for duty, but whether he is an addition to the strength of the local force, or whether he is to take the place of one of the constables on the station has not yet been intimated to Sergeant Young. The new constable has ah excellent reputation as a peace officer. THE REV J. CARLISLE AT CASTLE- MAINE.—The second of a series of educational lectures^ under the auspices of the Castlemaine .School of Mines, was delivered before a '"large' and fashionable audience, by the Bev J. Carlisle, rural dean of "Kyneton, at the local Mechanics'- hall on. Monday flight. The . subject was " Heat," and the lecture was well received- Subsequently the ladies attending Abe St" John Anibalance ; Class were presented with "their certificates'; and Dr WpoUey, the teacher, was .made the recipient of a iiandsome illuminated address,- which was presented by the lady pupils. — . 1 THE PH "hospital on Sunday afternoon realised ttftaot' y.-i'SfWwi'/iv/.K .:• ,r. ,v; aj j OLD LlKKKiis -fedlyiieeded Bt the hospitaljustnow. The lady superintendent. Miss r !jaitgley : ,' *jppeals ; tor ia supply) anS will gladly cend to any lady who will kindly intimate 'that she fcu any evail- •tte, J e A SAD BEREAVEMENT.—An unfortunate occurrence on Tuesday at about one o'clock resulted in Mr. and Mrs Henry Hill being bereft of one of their children, Charles Clifford, a promising lad of nine years of age. The accident happened at the hole at the Chinaman's garden, to the east of the Mollison Street bridge. For some time past the boys of the neighborhood have been in the habit of amusing themselves by riding about on a raft constructed of two of the cases in which corrugated iron is imported. On Tuesday young Hill, with Hubert Crewther (eleven years) and Harry Crewther (seven years) sons of Mr James Crewther, were on the raft, which they were poling about the hole. There were some stray boards floating about the hole and the boys attempted to secure these, all getting to the same side of the raft for the purpose. The result was that the united weight of the boys pushed the raft from under their feet, and all three fell into the water. Hill sank at once and did not rise again. With considerable presence of mind, Hubert Crewther called to his little brother to hang on to the end of the raft, and Harry did so. Hubert got on the raft and poled it ashore, thus saving his little brother's life. Seeing that Hill did not reappear, Hubert Crewther went in search of assistance, and sent his brother to Mr Birkin's. Hubert Crewther met with a young man named Patrick Barry, whom he acquainted with the occurrence. Barry hastened to the hole, but did not go in, not being able to swim. He searched for the body with a pole, but without success, and then went for the police. The sad news spread like wild-fire, and Mrs Crewther and Mr George Rainbow reached the hole together. Mr Rainbow jumped in without waiting to divest himself of his clothing, and it was not long before he touched the body with his feet. He stooped under water, and, recovering the body, brought it to the bank, and after undressing it, he and Mrs Crewther endeavored to restore animation. In a very short time quite a crowd had gathered, and Messrs Shelley, Morris, and Beer, with Mr Hill, were strenuously using all means to restore respiration, when Sergeant Young arrived and applied the recognised methods to this end. While on his way to the hole, Sergeant Young had despatched messengers for medical gentlemen, and Dr Pestell soon arrived, followed a few moments afterwards by Dr Duncan. Both gentlemen did everything that was possible but their efforts were of no avail. The boy had been under water a quarter of an hour, and there is no doubt that he was dead when brought to land. Mrs Birkin, with several other neighbors, supplied blankets, hot water, and other articles likely to be of use. When the doctors decided that further exertions were useless, the body was removed to Mr Hill's residence, where in the evening Mr Armstrong, J.P., held the formal enquiry necessary under the circumstances. A finding that death was the result of asphyxia from drowning, was recorded. The sad event constitutes a very heavy affliction on the bereaved parents, for whom great and general sympathy is felt. The remains of the unfortunate boy were interred in the Kyneton cemetery yesterday afternoon. The funeral cortege was lengthy, and included a large number of the deceased lad's schoolmates from the Wesleyan Sunday School and the Kyneton State School. The Rev. Mr Moore, who was attending the annual Conference, came from Melbourne to conduct the funeral service, and the. funeral was carried out by Mr Bromley. In another column Mr Hill expresses thanks to all who assisted in any way in the endeavors to save his son's life. LOCAL OPTION IN KTNETON.—At a meeting of the committee of the Hyueton Total Abstinence Society held on Tuesday night at the Temperance Hall, it was determined to take a local option poll in an endeavor to reduce the number of hotels in the Kyneton Riding of the shire. In the terms of the Licensing Act the poll will be taken in March next,..but during next month a public meeting will be held for the advancement of the cause. It has been decided not to determine any number of hotels which the total abstinence party shall vote for closing, but each person will be left to use hia own discretion in the matter. KRSETON DISTRICT CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETY.—The usual weekly meeting of thiB society was held on Tuesdav evening last, the President (Mr N. J. Graeber) iu the chair. There was a good attendance of members. Four new members were elected, and one candidate was proposed for admission to the society. During the evening the Rev. M. Quinn, who was present, announced that he would be absent from Kyneton for a little while, perhapB a month or two. He expressed the deep interest he took in the society, and gave some excellent advice to the members. The hope was expressed that the Rev. Father Qulnn would soon return to Kyneton, and continue to give the society that valuable assistance he had extended towards it since its formation. After the disposal of the routine business the society resolved itself into a mimic Parliament. The " Premier" (Mr J. H. Minogue) brought in a " bill" to impose a tax on bachelars. The Opposition, led by Mr J. M- Dwyer and the secretary, warmly opposed the measure. Some capital speeches were made by members on both sides of the " House," and on a division being taken, the " Ministry" were defeated, by three votes. The president ably performed the duties of " Speaker." The subject for next Tuesday evening "will be an essay by the secretary (Mr P. J. Bennett) on Richard Brinsley Sheridan. KYNETON SCHOOL OF ART.—Ws mentioned in last issue that the Kynetonshire Council had made arrangements enabling Mr T. F. Levick, of the Castlemaine School of Art, to open a class at the South Room of the Mechanics' on. .Monday the 13th February next. The hours will be front 7 till 9 each Monday evening and the subjects studied will be mechanical, architectural, freehand and model drawing from the round and from the flat, practical geometry, and pictorial drawing. Any one or more of these subjects can be taken np for the nominal fee of. 10s 6d per quarter. It is not proposed to lay: down hard and fast rules, but for each individual to follow his or her inclination. Other subjects than those mentioned will probably be added to the programme during the second quarter, but this will depend upon the support and encouragement accorded to Mr Levick. We have recently -dilated on the value of technical education. ' IT is one of "the principal questions of the day, and is certain to become here, as it already has in other countries, a common necessity to every capable artisan, and it is to be hoped that the jpeople of this town and district will avail (themselves of the opportunity now' offered to them. Mr Harper, the -shine secretary, will take tits names of 'intend-' ing etudentB. .. . . . . . . ... ' APPEAL TO GENERAL SESSIONS.—At the Trentham police >oourt^ on thB:lfithinBt, ; in the affiliation case. Cranny ,y Murphy, toe bench made sn 'against the defendant, who was represented by Mr 9ca)c«f Kwfrwi?.* bNfi Ipj>«li4 against and the appeal will be heard by Judge Worthington at the Daylesford General Sessioos on the 13th March. The following are the grounds of appeal: —L The said order is bad on the face thereof, no authority having been shown in you the justices to make the said order ; 2\. That the said order is bad in law ; 3. That there was no corroborative evidence of the said Bridget Cranny in any material particular; 4. That the said C. P. Murphy is not the father of the child. NEW INSOLVENCY.—The following schedule has been filed in insolvency. In our last issue we mentioned that the estate had been compulsorily sequestrated. —John Hogan, of Kyneton, farmer, now out of business. Causes of insolvency— Losses in farming, clearing land, and horses, and sickness in family. Liabilities, £432 15s ; assets, £137 10s ; deficiency, £295 5s. Mr W. Adams, Castlemaine, assignee. A PREVENTIVE OF RUST.—Farmers in the Riverina district have found that dressing seed wheat with carbolic acid is a preventive of rust, aud the grain growers of the Swan Hill Shire are now enquiring into the matter, which is to be brought under the notice of the Government Agricultural Chemist. CauELir IN TRUCKING CATTLE.—A shocking instance of the torture and suffering which cattle undergo whilst penned in railway trucks en route for Melbourne has been brought under the notice of the lelegrdph by Mr Sydney Smith, of Temple-court. He stated that on Saturday evening last he and several o'ther gentlemen were standing on the railway station at Traralgon. They noticed a truck which had recently arrived from Heyfield, and was standing on the siding, evidently waiting to be taken on to the metropolis during the night. In this truck were crushed some twelve or fourteen fine beasts, but their condition was deplorable in the extreme. "Being long-horned animals, they had in their struggle to maintain their footing, or ease their positions, injured each other dreadfully, the eyes of some having been gouged out completely, and hanging upon their cheeks, whilst others had their flesh cut and torn in various places, and their heads dreadfully swollen. The sight of the poor suffering brutes was sickening in the extreme, yet the constable on duty at the station calmly looked at the disgusting spectacle, and did not Beem to imagine the matter as one in which he should interfere. THE GRAMMAR SCHOOL CLOSED.—We regret to hear that the Rev. Mr Burke has written to the parents of his late pupils announcing that the state of his health will not permit him to continue teaching. He intends to return to parochial work at an early date, and the Grammar School will therefore not reopen in February. EXTENSION OF THE KYNETON MALTING AND BREWING COMPANY'S PREMISES.— This company contemplate the extension of their malting premises, and about the 1st of Februaiy tenders will be invited for the erection of an additional malthouse at right angles to the existing floor. The new floor will be 130ft in length by 70ft in width, aud will extend along the southern boundaiy of the company's property in Ebden Street. The extension of the Ebden Street building, begun by Mr M'Kenna before his property was transferred to the company, is being completed as a kiln for the new malthouse. Mr W. S. Murray is the architect. THE CENTENNIAL HOLIDAY.—To-day will be generally observed as a holiday by the banks and business establishments of the town, in honor .of the centennary of "Australia. The office of the clerk of courts, the office of the receiver and paymaster, and the post-office savings' bank will be closed, but the telegraph office will be open throughout the day. The first delivery only, by letter carrier, will be effected. MJQSSBS BOSCOBCBE AND GRANT'S RAIL- WAY CONTRACT,—A telegram from Nuinurkah in Tuesday's Arqus says,—On the new railway line to Nathalia, Messrs Buscombe and Grant, the contractors, liave about 200 men at work now, and they intend putting on 50 or CO more next week. The formations are completed right through to Nathalia, and the plates iirelaid for about a mile out from Numurkah. It is expected that the permanent way will be open to the Waaia railway station in about three weeks' time. TROTH STRANGER THAN FICTION.—In the year 1837 (says the Riverine Herald) a now highly respected resident of the Nambuccra River left England for New South Wales. On the ere of the departure of the vessel a daughter of this gentleman, five years of age, was miBsing. Search and subsequent enquiries were made, but no trace of the mifwing •laughter could be found till within the last few months, when a letter written by a lady 1 in Scotland, to a friend on the Macleay, revealed the fact that the missing daughter was still alive. A communication was opened up between the missing one and her parents, and she is now, after 50 years, on her way out to rejoin them. Her parents have reached an advanced age, the father being 95 and the mother 82 years, and both hale and healthy. KYNETON RIFLEMEN AT SYDNEY.—In connection with the Centennial celebration in Sydney, a rifle meeting has been arranged, the prizes being exceptionally liberal and the conditions admitting of any single competitor winning prizes to a considerable amount. The Kyneton Rifle Club will be represented at the meeting, Major Thirkettle, Mr W. Murray, and Mr ft Cans having gone over to compete in some of die contests. It is hoped that they will render a good account of themselves. THE JUBILEE OP METHODISM.—At the Wesleyan United Conference sitting in Melbourne yesterday, the • Rev W* A. Quick moved " That as the year' 1889 frill bring Methodism to the one hundred and fiftieth year of its ..existence, it is, the opinion of this conference that its Jubilee should be celebrated in these colonies. It is therefore determined to appoint a committee which should meet during the present year for the purpose of agreeing upon, and recommending to our Intercolonial Conference suitable methods of celebration." He remarked that the question had arisen as to the propriety of celebrating another jubilee ; but the 150th year of the existence of Methodism would b« sufficiently memorable to justify a most formal recognition of the goodness of God. There was no opposition, and the motion was agreed to. A Pajxtcl SIGHT. —On Tuesday whilst a Collins-street tram was proceeding towards Fitzroy, the conductor discovered that an occupant of the enclosed carriage, a young girl of some 16 years of age, was intoxicated. He stopped the tram abreast of St Patrick's Cathedral and carrying tie unfortunate creature to the side walk set 'her on the pavement against the fence. Then the tram went OH, leaving •tie child—she was little else exposed to the coarae cariosity of the crowd. She was very tastefully dressed, but was quite helpless, and it was piiifpl to note her. intile struggles, to gajn her feet, .^hile ;qnito .a Wd collected, and none offered help. At last nM-tt, fiA | somebody itook her under protection. Our (Herald) object in referring to the matter is not to tell a stoiy, which in its general features, is, alas, too common ; but we want "to draw attention to the action of the tram conductor. " Had he any right to act as he did, and was it not his duty to give the girl into "the charge of a policeman 9 We think so, and had any harm come to the young woman he would have been morally, if not legally responsible. The passenger was admitted on the cars when intoxicated, and could not be thrust therefrom in this summary manner with legal right. 