A COLONIAL PRIEST'S NOTES OF TRAVEL. By the courtesy of Mr Donnelly, of Armidple, we are enabled to publish the following interesting extracts from a letter received from a respected prieeb of the Armidale dioco3e, who is at present enjoying a well-earned holiday in Ireland. The rev. gentleman writes from Cork : — I must premise by saying I feel delighted with my trip through the States and Canada, and my only regret is that I had not more time at my disposal to enable me to spend a few months more in the country. America is unquestionably a marvellous country, rich^and beautiful. Its cities are really delightful to see. The most of them are beautifully and pleasantly laid out, with broad and regular streets which seem always filled with an active, energetic and business-like people, l^hey seem to possess very few drones and loafers to prey on the industry and perae verance of the hardworking classes. The suburbs of the American cities as a rule are the places worth seeing. There will be found the residences of the millionaires and wealthy people of the city, built after every style of architecture* and really a study for any business man. A number of these palatial residences can be found anywhere in the principal suburbs surrounded by delightfully kept and tastefully laid-out lawns and gardens. The avenues and streets of some of the cities are worth coming all the way from Armidale to see. Well, I must speak of our voyage across the Pacific. Leaving Sydney on a very fine and plea sant Wednesday evening, we reached Auckland on Sunday evening about 5 o'clock. The sea was fairly smooth, but the motion was sufficiently marked to affect the delicate people on board. Amongst those my companion and myself could be classed. In Auckland we met Dr. Redwood, Archbishop of Wellington, and Dr. Luck, Bishop of Auckland. Speaking of Archbishop Redwood reminds me that he is at present in Ireland and spent a few days last week with Dr. Croke at Thurles. He is ac companied by your friend Father Patterson, who collected some time ago in Armidale. Leaving Auckland, we reached the Samoan Islands in seven days. Leaving Samoa, we sailed in seven days to the Sandwich Islands and entered the Port of Honolulu on a very fine and warm afternoon. The harbour seernci a nice one, but small and rather ex» posed to the westerly winds. We were told we could remain there for 22 hours, so we had ample timo to see the city and some of the island. There is a population of about 60,000 in Honolulu, composed of every colour, race, and tongue. If a man were to stand on the wharf and listen to the conversation that is going on all round him, I have no doubt ho could hear almost every language, not even excepting the Irish. We spent some hours visiting the city and public institutions. We paid a visit to the old Bishop of the place, and his Lordship received us with every mart of respect and treated us very generously and hospitably. There is a very fine convent where ISO boarders are taught, also a college conducted by the Brothers of the Mission, where we found over 350 boys of several nation alities. We visited the reception house for lepers, and found there 80 lepers cared for and looked after by seven Franciscan Sisters. It was a sight to behold. T felt quite squamish in going through the ward ; but it soon -wore off, and then I could thoroughly realize the hideousness of the disease and admire at the same time the heroism and devotedness of the good Sisters who quitted friends and a comfortable convent to devote themselves to that work of pure charity . I left that place full of admiration for those self sacrificing Sisters who have isolated themselves for Christ's poor. Once a week the worst cases are sent away from this hospital to tho island of Molikai, where Father Damion is engaged, attending to tho spiritual wants of over 800 lepers. I could say a great deal about these unfortunate and unhappy people in that 'valley of death,' as they cill it. It took us seven days more to reach San Fran cisco. We entered the ' Golden Gates' on the seventh day from Honolulu. The harbour at San Francisco is a very fine and extensive one. It is much Jarger and far more extensive, I am told, than Sydney, but it is wanting in scenic beauty. The, hills on either side of the harbour do not pre sent any attractive feature. They seem bare and bald, and unvaried in appearance. San Fran cisco itself is undoubtedly a very fine city, pos sessing several very excellent streets, badly and roughly paved. The suburbs, are very good and the private residences, especially along California street, where the Floods and the Mackays, &c;, can be found, are very grand. We remained there ten days, and meeting several of our school and class companions, the time passed over very quickly. I forgot to say we reached San Francisco on the 12th May, and I may as well state now that we left New York on the 3rd July and reached Queenstown on the 10th July. We left San Francisco for Sacramento about the 22nd May, and before we reached that city of the plains we witnessed a very interesting sight. Some 50 or 60 miles north of Oakland we came to a very wide arm of the bay oc the river, over which we passed not on bridge nor tunnel, but by boat. The train consisted of 14 carriages and these were drawn into this immense boat and there they lay in two sections. We got out to have a look at our train and the size of the boat that was steaming us. across and could not help saying, ' These Yankees are extraordinary fellows, they will stop at noth ing.' All that business waa done in less time than it irould take to get an Australian train out of a little station like Walcha Road. We passed over the Sierra Navada ranges by day and enjoyed the beauty and majesty of the mountain scenery. We stayed over at a place called Truckie for the purpose of visiting a very large frosh water lake called Tahoe at an elevation of 200 feet above sea level. The lake is 21 miles by 15 miles. We steamed around it and enjoyed the day's outing very much. That night we started for Salt Lake City, where we stayed two days. That is a strange place, but a nice city. The Mormon tnmple and tabernacle, Brighain Young's establishment for himself and his wives, are curi ous places enough. I was agreeably supriBed to find a fino Catholic College where 100 boys are being educated, a very grand academy for young ladies where over 100 young ladies are educated, and a very handsome hospital quite equal to St. Vin cent's in Sydney, whore there are 80 patients lying down and nursed, h 12 Sistera of the Holy Ghost. ^IIWlliWI^Mi||||tiW!iy|i|NIII'llilll^l^lWlililllWllllPM)il In the Academy I found a Waterford lady, a very fine, dignified nun. We had a long and social chat over the past. Leaving Salt Lake, ? we crossed the Rocky Mountains to the City of Denvir, where we re mained two days. What a grand trip we had over those snow-capped mountains ! I shall never forget the grandeur of those scenes. The Royal George and Marshall pass and several other scenes along that route I can never forget. Leaving Denvir, we steamed along and in due time reached Lincoln, where Messrs. Fitzgerald, president of the National League in America, and Pat Egan, once the Treasurer, reside. After Lincoln we reached Omaha, noted for its packing houses. We remained one day at Omaha and then steamed for Chicago, the marvellous city of the States. There we remained a week, for we were told if we saw Chicago well, we could well say we had seen the cities of America. You cannot conceive what the place is like. Yon cannot form an idea of the growth of Chicago since 1871, when it was burned to the gvound. Before '71 it was a city of wood, but now it looks like a city of marble. It is a very Catholic city, and its con vents, churches, presbyteries and charitable insti tutions bespeak that. The Archbishop of the place, Dr. Feehan, is a very nice and affable man and a native of Tipperary. From Chicago we went to Cincinnati, and there we spent part of four days. We next visited Cleveland and then Buffalo, two very large and beautifully laid- out cities on the bank or' Lake Erie. We next visited Niagara Falls, which I need not attempt to describe ; thence took train to Leviston, a town down the Niagara River, and there embarked for Toronto, Canada. We steamed down the Niagara and across to Lake Ontario,' but the morning was too cold to enjoy the scene. Arriving at Toronto, we visited several of the institutions of the city. At last we went to see Dr. O'Mahoney, first Bishop of Armidale. He received us with open arms, and would not allow us to leave him for two days. We next went to Montreal, and there remained for four days. Montreal is a grand and extremely Catholic city. It is pre-eminently a city of churches and convents. We visited a convent in that city where there were 200 nuns. Their chapel is 227 feet by 100 feet, while the com munity room could seat 500 persons. There are two or three others almost as large as that, which is called Villa Maria. From Montreal we directed our course towards New '5ork. We visited Plattsburg on Lake Champlain, Saratoga, the Great Sanatorium of the States and the City of Hotels. We then visted Troy and Albany — took the boat at Albany and steamed down the American Rhine, the Hudson ; and I confess the scenery along the banks of that noble river is equal to anything I have ever seen. As we took our seats in the front of the gorgeously fitted-out steamer we could not help feeling that the many charming views which were presenting themselves were in the true sense of the word dissolv ing views. We enjoyed the glorious scene during that long day, and eventually reached Brooklyn, where we remained five days. The weather during those days was excessively hot, and conssequently we did not travel about very much. Everybody seemed sweltering, so it was a kind of oonsolation to find all those around you in the same steamy state as yourself. During those days, notwith standing the heat, we visited New York daily and 'did the block ' along Broadway and the aris tocratic avenues of the city. For some time each day we were out sight- seeing. From Brooklyn we went south to Washington, the city of long dis tances, and thoroughly enjoyed our visit. Wash ington is a very nice and a beautifully laid-out city. Its public buildings cannot be surpassed. The Capitol is a wonderful marblo building, gorgeously fitted out and furnished. I was through every room of it. 1 was in Congress during one of the sessions, but did not hear much oratory. The 'White House' is a very sub stantial building surrounded by a beautiful gardenjwith magnificent playing fountains. From Washington we went to Baltimore, thence to Philadelphia and Trenton, and got back to New York about the 28th Juno. From that date to the 3rd July, we remained with my friend and fellow townsman, Father O'Farrell, of New York. The weather being cooli our stay in New York was very enjoyable. Leaving New York on the 3rd of July by that greyhound of the ocean, the Alaska, we reached QueenBtown on the 10th, thus performing that long journey in six days and twenty-three hours. Our trip across the Atlantic was certainly most en joyable. There were about 1000 passengers all told, almost all Yankees flying away from the heat of America and seeking the cool atmosphere of the old world. Well, I am at last in the old country, and when we walked out in beautiful Queenstown on the morning of the 11th July, what a striking con trast to the American cities and towns we had visited ! There we saw wealth, and all the evi dences of peace and prosperity ; but here in Queenstown we saw poverty and wretchedness — women and children in bare feet, and many beg ging for pence. Poor creatures ! My heart was pained to witness such abject poverty. The same I could see here in Cork. In fact, that is one of the most striking things to meet the eyes of a returned colonist. I could also notice an undue proportion of old men and women. 'J he bone and muscle of the country, the young and strong, have fled from the place. These were the two things that struck me on my arrival. But the country — what shall I eay about it P I must candidly say that 1 have seen nothing more beautiful, nothing more picturesque than the parts of the two counties I have visited, Cork and Waterford. I dare eay the banks of the Lee and the Valley of the Black water are as delightful as any places in the habitable globe. But what a pity the poor, simple people who live along these places have not comfort and peace. Cruel and inhuman laws have crushed the very manhood, out of the poor people. But let us hope better days' will soon dawn on our unfortunate country. 