The Circus. I bare always had a-singular liking for a circus,, a low liking, it is very probable, I might hear you say, were I near enough ; but I scorn to dispute the point. Tell me what there can be in high life more intoxicating with a sort of bubbling effervescing plea sure than the whole, paraphernalia of a cir cus- J - - - ?< I was thinking thus one day, as I entered one of these sunny pavilions* and thinking, too, whether, in spite of all my love of motion and swiftness and grace, so timid a person as 1 would hare had much enjoyment in an old .Roman circus where men and beasts en countered in contest of blood, and where ladies, whose hearts could hare been not greatly different from my own, applauded the death, struggle of a gladiator as I did. the somersaults of little Ninonito. The present entertainment was called upon the bills a " Great Moral Bxhibition; " and as with the circus it. combined a superior" menagerie, to which Asian junglea. and African deserts had contributed, clergymen and others were cordially invited to witness the'trained lion and the lamb lying down together. Of the last performance, of which I am particularly speaking, the last item had been described in the advertisement as the " Ter rible Exploits of the Dauntless Bartouro in the Den of Wild Beasts ;" the capitals bad been thrilling. And accordingly, afterasuffi cient quantity of small boys had been thrown by the horse, an enormous carriage, that filled nearly half the space, was slowly wheeled upon the scene, the sides were let down, and the den of wild beasts was dis closed. It was in three compartments, with strong partitions made of lattice-work of iron bars between them. In the first one. some leopards and a Bengal tiger of loathly beauty were roaming restlessly round, up and down, in and out, round and about, in a way to make one's heartache. ~ In "the central compartment a lion was Btriding up and down, lashing his tail about; while the lioness, lying in one corner with her two whelps fawning around her, looked with complacent curiosity at the crowd who returned her gaze. But when the lids were let down from the last compartment, all thought of the occupants of the other two was for"a moment forgotten, as the immense and single lion within that one sprang upon his hind legs, pawing at the side of the cage as if he would break through and bound out upon us, and uttering a roar that resounded and reviberated from side to side,, and made every heart'stand still. v We were almost all decorously placed on the tiers of seats, but at the sound and the sight the whole audience shook a little closer together; and, for my own part; never lik ing such scenes as this promised to be, I had risen to go. > . . _ " Never mind," said my companion to me, as I excitedly signified my wish to hasten off; " it is a trite thing enough; the creature's are gorged with food and dandled from- their birth; the exhibitor is in no danger." ,r You are mistaken, sir," said one of the group of bystanders. " In the first two;cages they are certainly tame enough, but the last beast is the true Nemtean, raging for his lib erty, as ready to rend a man to atoms as ever his wildest ancestors were." " Then why is he in that cage, sir," I asked, shivering beneath the blaze of those eyeballs like coals. " He wa3 only added to the collection a few hours since." said another gentleman at my side. " Some sailors brought him home on their own account; the ship happened to arrive in the harbor this morning, just as the menagerie was settinjnip its tents; the sailors lost no time in makiiJptheir bargain, and the animal was transferred immediately; but an injury happening to his own cage he was temporarily shut into this one till better ac commodations could be arranged, I believe." " But is it really strong enough V' I asked,, with a quiver. " Oh, without doubt." " And then the exhibitor does not venture into that compartment?" " Not unless he is insane, I fancy." '. Ah, whata'roar! Ib is thunder's self 1" " Possibly he has not been fed to- day." " I think we had better go," I said. " It really makes me ill." " Indeed," was the response I met with. " If there is going to be anything unusual, let us have the benefit of it 1" " But it seems'to me the exhibitioner is not ready. I do believe he is afraid himself." ? ".He has no occasion," said the second by stander again. " In spite of our friend's opinion of the wild beast, unless the exhibi tor shoufd open the door of the third cage, there is absolutely not a shadow of danger.-' " And if he should ? " " Why, then I imagine he would surely get his deserts." " The lionjwould, at any rate," rejoined j my companion, - V Oh, how nervous you make me I" I ex claimed. "I wonder why the Dauntless Bar Jouro does not come ?" " Possibly he is asleep," replied the second I bystander once more ; " he has a little habit, they say, which occasions drowsiness-I sup pose so hazardous an occupation as may have been, in the beginning, required stimulants, and he has abused the necessity. If they are not sobering him with buckets of cold water dashed over him, they are probably assisting him to hurry on his tights and spangles." As he spoke, a mau, carrying a little switch, bounded into the ring, made-his bow to the audience, threw open the cage of the leopards, leaped lightly up, and in an instant had shut himself within. He wa3 a man cf splendid physical de velopment ; and so quick had been his three ujovcuicuis, inat uuo uuu uui UUSC lu »ee his flashed face and its swollen veins before . it seemed that the exertion of seizing a leo ipard and tossing him in the air had occa sioned it. " What a handsome man 1" cried my com- * panion, staring at him with admiration. He was a picture as he faced as ; the two leopards stood with a paw on hi% either shoulder, the spots seeming to waver in their supple sides like the sparks and glows in half blackened firebrands, while the tiger bounded to and fro over the switch he held for him aa if bis sleek curves were made of nothing but caoutchoue. It was plain that the creatures loved the^man ; they reached out their long, red tongues and licked him-he had fed them ' and tended them. . As I thought this, Bartouro flung aside the first paftition of iron bare with a thrust, and was in the central cage, stepping quickly to the lioness and switching her till she rose upon her feet ;!eatching the hairy little* cabs in his arms, and throwing "them abont like juggler's balls; calling the lion to his side and lying down between them all, as .if for peaceful repose in the bosom of hiB family. Meanwhile the tiger came and stretched himself at his feet, and one of the leopards ? amused himself with boxing an impertinent* little cab, while another leopard retired to the furthest end of the cage, and appeared to keep watch like a .sentinel over the domestic . scene. It was, after all, a very charming sight, and the place rang with applause. Suddenly Bartouro sprang to his feet, _ bowed- again to the audience, then threw " open the last partition. My tongue clave to the roof of my mouth with horror; the whole amphitheatre hung npon one breath. The three compartments were now a single cage alone ; but the animals in the first por* tion hurriedly huddled themselves together in the remotest part, cowering and whining, and trembling in evident fear. With a magnificent fearlessness, Bartouro trod swiftly toward the lion, who stood erect, holding by his tremendous paws to the side of the cage, his huge black mane rising and bristling round him as if instinct with savage life itself, as he turned his head at the clang of the iron bars, and glared with red-hot eyes upon Bartouro. _ " Come back! For Heaven's sake, come. back !"' cried the circus-master, darting acroBS the arena toward the cage. "It is the new lion. You are a dead manjl" The whole andience rose. Oh, the cruel, . handsofiie fac2s of those dead and gone Soman women!-these were not their ghosts. But Bartouro did hot vouchsafe him a glance -only he trod swiftly forward, and struck : the great beast a tingling blowin thefa.ee. It was the death-blow of courage.- Ihe lion, amazed , for one heart beat, witH the , next did not pause to crouch ere springing,' but had throw himself in one mass ,npon. Bartouro, who tottered and half fell, but rose,'; again j and lifted, his arms, that were like .. springs of steel, to thrust the beast away. ; Then,*as if lightning fell, the nrnis dropped powerless,'the man sank slowly down, his eyes wide'open and staring jon the'lion, his face whiter than ashes, the blood ponring from his side. Women were fainting now in the audience: children were shrieking, men were springing forward; the people of the menagerie were running to get some weappn, an axe.a pistol, anything-there was not one who .dared to ., enter the cage and take his prey from the dreadful thing which would devour it before our veiy eyes for all we knew. . - * All at once, in that swift, breathless in stant, a ball of fire shot through the air from one end of the cage to the other. It was the leopard who had' sat as sentinel. In a second his mate bad followed. One had no timeto note their, superb .beauty, nor to wonder at their furious spring, before the tiger had hurled himself upon them, and all three had . fallen with a yell on the lion, who tore his claws away, and half forgot Bartouro, to turn 'fiercely, on them. ? , ' Whether it was love of their master, or * whethersomeforest scent still lingering about the wild brute, had roused the never before awakened rage of their blood, no-one can say ; they were giving their lives for Bartouro-so much was certain. ; . " Come out-come out 1" Ave cried in one voice. "Oh, you are mad, Bartouro V.' ^ He did not deign us a look ; but his voice " rose over the snarl and roar and crv of the struggling beasts, and'over the uproar awak ened in the neighboring cages, like a blast of wind- . . . ? , " And leave my leopards to die?" In a moment he had darted forward, the helpless arm dangling from his shoulder, but I his right hand grasping his wip; and as-the lion, turning at the side glance which bo caught of bis first assailant, regardless of leo pards or tigers, shook" them off with a mighty r shudder, and collected himself for a second leap, upon him, Bartouro ran up with hisj whip, and with the precision of a marksman, he had flecked its thong first in one eye of the liota, and then the other, slipping aside as the lion rose to spring with a yell'of pain and agony, and fell sprawling and rolling - over, striking against the iron sides of [the cage, gathering itself: together again, ann crouching as still as the sphinx. :! Another ray of light never entered those thong-flecked eyes. The lion was stone blind from that day. . ^ ( \ The whole scene had not occupied 'tliree minutes. At its close Bartouro caught his j torn leopards and tossed them into the' other ' end of the inclosure, single-armed,' drew his/ tiger, although very badly maimed, away by the jaws, clanged down the iron door..be tween, stepped out, shut, the cage behind him,'bowed to the audience-just as the circus master and his assistants dashed in , with guns and swords-and .'ran ofl as if he had no more than trod upon a fly* i The Dear Creatures.-When a youn;* man deceives hisi best girl, and she finds it out, it . usually leads up to a serious cry-sis. One reason why the homely girl takes the scholarship prize is because she looks1 into books more than into mirrors.' ' *; ' No man can courtacn ss eyedgirl tvdthout ' being jealous. And the cause is that she always seems to be looking at and smiling upon some other fello w. Please HiB Friends--"Will you please insert this .obituary notice ?" asked an old gentleman.of an editor. "I make bold to ask it, because the deceased had a great many friends about here who'd be glad to hear of his death." Cause for Gallantry.-When a young man politely offered his seat in a tram car to an old gentleman, and then went and stood on the platform, a fellow passenger said, I am glad to see, sir, a young man like you pay that respect and deference to old age which it should always command." " Yes, sir," replied the youth, " that old codger is worth a million dollars." Guessed He Had Bad News.-Mrs. Partington was not so much a myth as synical unbelievers assert. For instance, Aunty Becky Brown one morning last week came into the breakfast room with a very much troubled countenance. One of the family remarked it and asked her what was the matter. " I'm 'fraid Mr. Sparks has got some bad news ; I jest see a telegraph boy go ridin' up to his house on his cyclopedy." " You say you want to marry my daugh ter ; have you spoken to her ?" " Yes., sir," replied the youag man, " and have gained her consent." " Well, if she said ' yes1 that settles it. Anything I might say or do wouldn't have the slightest influence." Then the' young man goes home and wonders if he isn't to young to marry »uch a girl 369 