Back From, the Grave. i was quito certain that had heard of old Uncle Josiah liodflsh's death and burial, and when I met him coming out of a lawyer's oflice and looking rather more belligerent than usual it give me a bit of a start and a "creepy" fooling up and down my. spine. But it was Josiah, sure as could be, and there was nothing ghostly in his appearance. I asked him how he came to be extant in sach an Irregular way, and he.told me all about It. " So you thought I was snuffed out, did you? That's a good one on you but, then, I don't know's I can blame you, seeing my own folks 'lowed I was a cadaver.' I've got a law suit with 'em about it. They had me taken up by a constable for disturbing tile pence, and that's what I'm Inwin' about. I'm out on ball now. It's a peculiar case, and if I had a tnmind to take it to the Soo. promo Court I could knock 'em, out on the questlon whether a man who has been burled can be legally prosecuted. You know them spolls I have. When I get one I'm liabloe to be plumb out o' my senses for hours, and I'm a little nervous about'em sometimes. If any. body tells you it isn't nothing but whisky, you call him a liar, and I'll back you up. You know I'm not intemperate, and you never saw me take anything between drinks in your life. i'lMebbe you've noticed that me and the old womnn don't hitch very well, Yes, I thought so. Some folks has n habit o' no. ticing other folks' doin's. Well, it's all owin' to Deacon Sliderbnck's taking too goldarned much interest in the spiritual welfare of my family. My old woman's been so pious, I've been a little fearsome that she mlight got too anxious to have me join theleavenly choir and plant mne if I happened to have a real bad sjiell and not come to as spry as I suggested to Uncle J3osiah that he couldn't be buried without a physician's certlfclato that he was dead. " That's Another point," he replied, " Dr. Pilbolus don't liko me enough to hurt sinceo I put a little job on him, and I kinder sus pected he'd play a practical joke on me if he got a chance il a professional way. I don't believe the authorities would wnnt a certlfi. cats anyway If they know Pilbolus had any. thing to do with the case. They'd consider that reasonable ground to suppose that the patient was ripe for the cold and silent tomb, If you don't want to be alammsed into a collin and sent kiting to glory before your time, don't'you have Pilbolus. ITu's a quack, sure. I'd been thinking over what might happen, and I lihad a talk with the on dertnker who does all my burying, anud we fixed the thing uip between us. Had a tole. phone put in the family vault and all that sort of thing, you know. Going to have the whole racket patented next week. "Well, it seems I got full or had a spell last Saturday night,.nnd the next thing I knew I woke up in the dark feeling mighlty queer. Felt like a funcrol-tuber.roses and dead leaves and carbolic neid, you know. I thought I'd get up and see who was dead, but lthe first break I mado I humpeod my hend against something hard. Then I felt around and found I was boxed in, and I concludsed It was my own funeral I felt. So I just kicked the lid off, sat up in the cotin, fiised a match out of my vest pocket and took a look around.. I recognised the place by the inscriptlons to the memoriesof my first three wives and a maiden nunt,' and it made me feel sort of blue to think how near I had come to being reunited with the whole gang at'one lick. " You can imagine how a man would feel to find himself stowed away on the top shelf of a tomb inl such company and read his own pitath on thie plato by the light of a brim. toe 1 felt in my coat-tall pocket andi foundl a flask of brandy, which shlowedl that the undertaker was' a man of his word and partially restored my confldence in Ihuman nature. I was powerfully relieved to find that I was not yet in Ilc.ven with my sanlted late female relatives, and with devout gratitude I enmptied the flask and re. turned thanks to a merciful Provllence, vowing that I woull make a total wreck of Iilbolus as soon as over I should get out. I felt sorry, though, that I .hadn't told the undertaker to ill in the chinks between my rellains and the rcofll with samnlwices. Then I climbed down, after rippi ng the collin plate off and pntting it his my pocket as evi. ence. I noticedl that I was in my stocking feet, nad that the old woman had put on the remains n pair of hose all worsn out at thie heels. I a'pose ashe. thought because the heolsof the lnte lamented were down when his toes were turned up that. the holes wouldn't be noilced, That's the kind of a woman sheo is. " I Ifound the telephone, rnng ups thle of. fice and told 'els to send the sexton to let inme out. Then I says, Hello, Central.' 'Ilello,' says Central. "Connect the Into Josiah Ihndllisls, tomb 31, with his widow,No, 1001," says s... l.s Uncle Josiah did not mean that.lie hadi goan Solomon one better ; the number of Iis telephiloneo wans 1001. tPlhe line was switched on. and I sans just goling to sendi a doleful sound from ti' tomb to comfort my sorrowing famsily and snae 'em the trouble of going to a nmediunm to find out how I was enjoying the climate of tile sweet by.nnd-by when I thought I heard a familiar voice. Brushing a spray of withered smilax from my left car i listened and heard I)eacon Sllderbnok say as plain as col be : "'PlThe Lord giveth and the Lord taketh nway Sister liodfhsh, and overything for tile best,' She allowed it was, and I couldn't detect any. thing but the cheerfullest kind of resignation in her voice. Then the Deacon said : " Ilrother Josiah had Ihis faults, Sister lied. fish." Then I heard her say that she should smile, anti I thought the hilarity was a little previous. "I suppose it was drink that killed him,' said the Deacon, and she allowed it was, and want on withi a whole lotof steff, winding up with I "Thank goodness there won't be any more pink snnkes with blue tails In those shoes over there by the corner.' " I stoppedl to finlish what there was'inl the bottom of'the flask, and than I heard the Deacon say: 'Now that Ibe snakes have been drlven froun those shoes, listcr Illolilsh, may.I hopo to step lnto themi someo day I' Nice way of prolosing, that was;. Well, that enttled it,. jst groaned through the tole. phone like an instlted ghost. The sexton came along then andi lot io. out, and I lilt out for home on the jump. \\- When I walked into the parlor where the gas was. liirning low, dressed up In my best bl:k coat, slit up the hnock by tho man who Inltd me o it sld tossed that comn plate into the'old wosman's lap, right where the denaon could reoad It, you bet there was. a circus, S8ose folks.might call It adlsttiirane a of thu penuce. I Islt isn these sheds nnd lilttrodssted ths deacosi ho'em, snakes annd alnl. Thatl'n what the lawsuit is aboiut.' I'm golng'to Ilik'blares out of I'll. bolus wlhen I seeoo' him, and I s'poaso that'll mbako more lawlng for me. But I'll get a divoreo aRid 'a patent on my premature burial outi, ansd othen I guess I'll bo squariae." . Grocoi " 'flnd' your son bright and enorgetlo enoughl, but I'm afraid that ie's hardly adapted to lhe grocery business," FAriT eIn O51 T1i lO Io " WYhat seems to be the troubloet I Onooen t " Why, the first thing he did wiis to bheiln pleking tiLe dead flies out of the dried currants," Polieoman (in sltlen's dress to brothsir Olfficerin bar 8ssday morning): " It's whisky, entis, and wo'ye got the waiter dead to rights. S lhall I arrest him now I" I)NIls I" No Ilot's haso a few morodrinkt Arst." ' "Ikoey,"' mal OIver v8went to hlisonly son at iinsler the othler day, " whalt ihavu you in thn shape of lde! '' " "Plo plates ,"promptly responded Ikey. , 