In about three weeks our Parliament will be again in session, but it is evi dent, from the scraps of information which occasionally leak out from the Ministerial circle, that the more impor tant and necessary work of the forth coming Parliamentary campaign' is vet in a rudimentary stage. It is in timated that, of the two great mea sures with which lion, members will be asked to deal, neither has had its lead ing principle agreed to, far less its details laid down. In the interest of the country, and for the credit of Parliament, we hope that the bills submitted to the House, and, above all, the two cardinal measures above mentioned, will be fully considered, and the Government prepared with pro posals alike logical and clear, and by which they arc prepared to abide. Any delay or failure of the business of the country is usually excused by lay ing the blame at the door of an ob structive Opposition, but Ministers should not forget that they positively tempt obstructive criticism if they sub mit crude and ill-considered legislative proposals, and allow it to be believed that their policy on any given question is subject to indefinite modification at the hands of a clamorous minority. There are signs that • the Oppo sition are preparing for active hostilities. The address in reply will furnish occasion for the usual, and perhaps rather more than the usual amount of adverse criticism. Of course the administration during the recess will be exhaustively reviewed, and any alleged weak points in it mercilessly exposed. The railway policy of the Government is sure to be vigorously attacked, and Ministers may have some trouble in justifying with regard to it, some things which they have done and some other things which they have omitted to do. We are not informed if anything is proposed in the way of amending the standing orders with a view to averting the inodes of obstruction which proved in previous sessions so fatal to the conduct of business. Assuming, as of course we do, that the Government will safely tide over the dangers of the debate on the address in reply, one of their next efforts should be such a reasonable addition to the standing orders as would place it out of the power of any minority of the House to paralyse the progress of legislation. The introduction of such a reform would, we are aware, add one more troublesome item to a programme al-. ready sufficiently beset with difficult passages; but Ministers cannot evade the alternative which lies before them, and must either provide for the better regulation ‘ of debate, or submit to tiie indignity and discredit of an other wasted session. -An ominous portent of evil is visible in the inclina tion of a certain class of members to re-arrange political matters on old party lines. We shall be told that our coalition Government has filled up the measure of its iniquities, and that the only hope for Victoria lies in a return to Government by party. It is to be hoped that the country will not be hoodwinked in this matter. If even a return to party Government is agreed to, it must be on two clear conditions: one, that some great national ques tion requires to be settled with which a coalition Government, as such, is manifestly unable to deal, and the other a certainty that either party had in its ranks the materials to form a strong and an aide Ministry. The first condition is certainly not present: and, whatever the ideas of malcontent members may be, the country would hardly tolerate a political scramble in the shape of a tug of war, not engaged in for the benefit of the community, but merely to pull the occupants of the Govern ment benches over the dividing line. There is a general impression that the new Electoral Bill will prove to be neither revolutionary nor even radical. It may be that the feature of single electorates instead of being a leading one will be virtually excised. It needs no argument to show that our representation is at present far from coincident with population, or that some change is wanted be fore the next general election in ISB9. But this is a very different thing from subdividing the whole colony into sin gle electorates, and such change as is absolutely called for ought to be made without exciting any very serious opposition. The Tariff Bill is likely to cause much more warm debate, inasmuch as no Ministry can lay its finger upon our fiscal system without giving offence to some industries, and alarming the rest. An attempt will of course be made to give our farmers fair play 7, but this will we sincerely trust not include any proposals for extra taxation, and above all things no additional fiscal barriers as between our colony and our neighbors. On any conceivable pretext, an increase of our inter colonial protective duties would be an inexcusable blunder, and above all tilings a blunder just now. Our neighbors are rapidly adopt ing a protective policy. Even New South Wales has a visible in clination that way, and it is absurd to blink the fact that this, of itself, means a certain reduction of our markets, and a lowered demand for our manufactures. At present our cue should be to alleviate, so far as we can, the inevitable results to ourselves of a protective policy on the part of our neighbors; but, by pro posing to place prohibitive duties upon the stock, the grain, or the wines which they send to our markets, we should' be inviting retaliation aud aggravating existing evils. Of other measures pro mised or spoken of, perhaps the most important is a Forest Conservation Bill. Mr Dow’s past attitude to this great national question does not en courage the hope that his long talked of bill will see the light this ses sion, or that, if it did, it would provide a final or satisfactory settlement of the question. He will be required to explain and justify his action in virtally taking the whole matter into his own hands, and cre ating anew department, which promises to be a return to the vicious aud cor rupt system of direct political patron age. It may be iioped that Mr Pearson will be allowed an opportunity of doing something in the interests of teachers in State schools, whose normal rate of preferment appears to be blocked. The country would prefer that any reasonable cause of complaint should be removed. This Mr Pearson knows, and he is further aware that the remedial measures, to be accept able, must not include any appreciable addition to the already very great cost of our national schools. There was a slight falling oft' in busi ness in the share market last week, and several stocks declined a little from Monday’s rates. Band and Albion changed bauds on Monday at S6s, but fluctuated considerably up till Friday, when there was a transaction as high as 80s, but they 7 closed with business that day at S3s Gd, and on Saturday were slightly easier. How ever, the stock was in stroti" demand all the week. Star of the East on Mon day sold as high as 90s, but changed hands at easier rates in the latter part of the week; they’ mended, how ever, on Saturday,' when they were held for 86s, buyers ottering 83s 6d. In the other stocks on the Redan and Plateau lines there were no alterations of any’ consequence. Progressive work is being carried on with vigor in that quarter, and investors are confident that, no matter how rates may fluc tuate, there is a good time coming. The Ballarat East stocks had not much attention last week. SuliemanPashaare considerably weaker, and any dulness in these shares seems to affect the most of the other stocks in the locality. We note that the yield for the past fort night was 202 oz 10 dwt from 700 tons. The Egerton and Black Horse United stocks have been in improved favor of late, and Parker’s United fur nish a large number of transactions, though at fluctuating rates. The Kingston stocks keep pretty firm, and in fair demand, though they were somewhat quiet in the latter end of the week. Madame Berry, we observe, had the excellent -return of 792 oz 6 dwt for the past week, and Berry Consols obtained 159 oz 14 dwt, which was a very great improvement on the yield for the pre vious week. The manager’s report as to the appearance of the mine also seems to be very satisfactory’. Earl Beaconsfield had a few transactions during the week at 62s 6d and 635, but Lord Harry and Hepburn Estate were quiet. Lord Harry are still firmly’ held for 82s, and Hepburn Estate for 47s 6d. Lady Hep burn and Rocky Lead had a few transactions, but were not lively. West Loughlin had some attention in the early’ part of the week, but were quiet on Saturday, though they are still held for the recent improved figure. Australasian and Eagleliawk would have been taken at the current rate, but did not furnish any business worth notice. The Midas group had a 'little attention. The Chalks’ group furnished only a moderate amount of business, and had no special features. The Shaws’ group had a pretty strong upward tendency and closed firm on Saturday, Shaw’s Reef having sales up to 10s, North Shaw to 2s Id, and Shaw’s Extended to Is 6d. Burnt Creek had numerous transactions dur ing the week at recent improved rates, and changed hands on Saturday at 245. Working Miners were also in good de mand, and sold up to 11s on Saturday. In the other stocks there were no alterations of any consequence. During the past week the following dividends were declared : —Midas (in liquidation), £3 Ss; Woah Hawp Canton, 6d; Band and Albion, 2s. O'-ving to the large accessions of students •in the various classes at the School of Mines, the accommodation afforded by the present building is found to be altogether inadequate. The question of providing more suitable and convenient buildings has been latterly forced upon the consideration of the council, and several meetings have been held recently to advise on the best comae to be taken to meet the constantly-growing requirements iii this direction. At a joint meeting of the building and education committees, held on Friday evening, a resolution was passed to the effect that competitive designs be in vited for suitable buildings for tiie school, the cost not to exceed £20,000. In the meantime the staff at the institution have been requested to furnish a de finite statement as to the amount of accommodation necessary to meet present and future requirements. Contingent on this also, Mr Dawharn has been requested to make a ground plan showing the contour of the school grounds and the buildings already erected thereon, so that the whole information necessary may be placed before tile architects. It is the intention of the council to offer a handsome premium for the best design. It is not proposed to erect the whole of the uew building at once, but the money available will be de voted to this object at various times, so that in the end a fine building of uniform de sign will be erected on the grounds. As showing tile cramped condition of present arrangements, consequent on the increased popularity of- the institution, it may he men tioned that the hall in the main building, which was set apart for a public reading reading room and library, has had to he divided in order to make room for the ex tending classes. At Christ Church Fro Cathedra! yesterday morning an ordination was held by the bishop of the diocese. The Rev. J. R. King shot, of Rokewood, was ordained priest, and Mr \V. H. Edwardes, of Ivaoiva, formerly of St. Augustine’s College, Canterbury, was admitted to the diaconate. The sermon was preached by the Kev. J. C. M'Cullagli, archdeacon of Sandhurst, from I. Fetor, w, 2—“ Feed the flock of God.” Avery sudden death occurred at about 10 o’clock on Friday night at the Sir Henry Loch mine. Redan. A miner named Samuel M. Coon, 37 years of age, was, at the hour named, engaged fixing some timber in posi tion in one of the drives of the mine, when lie suddenly turned round, and, uttering.an exelamatiou, staggered for a step or two anil fell into the arms of the manag-r, Mr liieks, who was stand near. Coon expired in a few minutes, and before medical assistance could he obtained. The deceased leaves a widow and a family of seven children, the eldest of whom is a cripple through the loss of a foot. The body was without delay conveyed to the deceased’s residence at Mount Pleasant. At a magisterial enquiry held subsequently, a verdict of death from natural causes was re corded. Tile Ballarat and Ballarat City Fire Bri gade teams have acquitted themselves most creditably at the Sydney Fire Brigades’ Demonstration. On Thursday the City team were second in the Hose Practice for eight men, and the Ballarat third. The brigades on Saturday again eacli appropriated a first and second prize. In tiie Hose Practice for four men the City team obtained first prize, doing their work in 251 sec. The Ballarat were second, in 27-4 sec.; the third team, Newcastle, taking 35 sec. over their work. The first prize in the Ho e ami Ladder Practice event was won I)3’ Ballarat, the Cit3 - being second. The Ballarat City’ brigade will take the piize for tile best ave rage performances in the Hose Practices, having obtained 12 points ; while the Ballarat are next with 10 points. The Soldiers Hill Drum and Fife Band have also been successful in winning the first prize in the band contest, St. Benedict's being second, and the Young Australian Baud third. Another minor event, the longest kick at football, was won by R. Young, of ilie Ballarat brigade, an old player of the Ballarat Imperial; while G. M'Kenzie, of the Cily btigade, the popular skipper of the Imperial, was second. The Rev. Gerald Doyle referred at St. Patrick’s Cathedral to the Papal honors re cently conferred on Dean Hoyne, of Ballarat, Archdeacon O’Dowd, of Warniambool, and Messrs D. Bropliy, J.P., uml J. Cogiilan, J.P., of Ballarat. The preacher, speaking of Messrs Bropliy’ ami Coghlau, said he felt sure that all in the congregation would be pleased to hear of the distinctions which they had received from Leo XIII. They were old and respected pioneers of the dis trict, and by all co-religionists in this and other dioceses the news of their honors would be received with satisfaction. Alto gether there were only five or six Knights of the Order of St. Gregory the Great in the Australasian colonies, and of the full number Ballarat now had two. Yesterday afternoon, as Messrs Brennan and Clarke, members of the Ballarat Fire- Brigade, were passing Mr Ryan’s Bridge hotel, in Bridge street, Ballarat East, they noticed smoke issuing through the hoards in tiie door leading from the street to the cellar of the puhlicliouse. Almost at the same time Mr Ryan, jam, discovered the presence of fire in the place, and lie rushed off to the City Brigade station to raise an alarm. Meanwhile Messrs Brennan and Clarke, who are expert firemen, gained admittance to the hotel by a side door, aud on proceeding to the front of the building they’ found the bar full of smoke. As this came from the floor, it was rightly surmised -that the fire was in the cellar. Oil an entry being here effected, a large case containing bottled porter was found smouldering, and the firemen were just in time to prevent serious damage to other stock in the cellar. An alarm was rung by the Ballarat and City bells, ami this was promptly responded to by’ the brigades. It is supposed that the fire was caused by spontaneous combustion through a bottle of porter bursting in the case and then generating heat. The smoke from the cellar swept through the hotel, and led some onlookers to believe that a fire more serious than stated had occurred. The ignited porter case was removed to the street by a member of one of the brigades. Messrs Brennan and Clarke had their Sunday apparel spoiled in their praiseworthy action of extinguishing a fire that, if gone unno ticed, might have resulted in a conflagra tion. Tiie Norwood team of footballers who play a match against the Ballarat oil" Wed lies lay’, are expected to arrive by train this afternoon from Geelong where they played a match on Saturday, which resulted in a draw, both sides securing five goals. The Norwood men will be met at the railway station by ■ Ulcers aud members of the local club, and will subsequently be escorted to the Oiub hotel, their head-quarters during their stay in Ballarat. The matriculation examination of the Mel bourne University cninmences to-day. and candidates from this district will be examined at the School of Mines. To-day’s time-table is as follows: —Algebra (pass), 9.30 to 11.30 a.m.; algebra (honors), 9.30 to 12.30.; English (pass), 2 30 to 4.30 p.m.; English (honors), 2.30 to 5.30 p.m. The R.M.S. Ballarat arrived at Albany at 11 p.m. on Saturday, and sailed for Gleuelg at4u.m. yesterday. The city police yesterday’ received a tele gram announcing that a man named James \Vhelaii had died suddenly that morning at Streatham. No particulars were given, further than that there were no suspicious circumstances connected with the death. Inspector Parkinson reported the matter to the coroner, who ordered that a magisterial enquiry should be held by one of the local justices of the peace. An elderly man named John Finn, aged G 2 yeais, met with au accident under peculiar circumstance on Saturday night. The weather being cold, he decided to pass the night in a furnace at the brewery of Mr Keuna, Warrenlieip. It seems that thefurnace had been in use a short time previous to Fiuu deciding to take up his quarters iu it, but he was under the impression that the fire had been extinguished for a long time, aud that the iron would be only “comfortably warm.” In jumping into the furnace, however, the old man found to his sorrow that potatoes could have been roasted on the plates, and he was compelled to make a speedy exit-. Before he could set himself free lie was turned on the chest and back, and his arms were what a cook would term “ browned” by the beat of the place ju which he desired ■to sleep. As Finn was in pain yesterday, Constable Nelins procured a vehicle and con veyed him to the Ballarat Hospital, where he was admitted as an in- patient. Yesterday, at St. Patrick’s Cathedral, the officiating clergyman, the Rev. Gerald Boyle preached from the text, “ All power is given unto Me in Heaven and in earth; go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, bap tising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things -whatsoever I have commanded you, and, 10, I am with you, even unto the end of the world.” He touched on the question of Papal infalli bility, and showed what the Roman Catholic belief was on the point mentioned, showing that very few 11011-Catholics understood the limited sense in which the term was used, but that the true signification of the word as applied to the Pontiff could easily be ob tained by anyone on reference to Catholic authorities ou the subject. The rev. gentle man also dealt with the Home Rule question at some length, showing the relations in which the Pontiff stood in regard to the Home Rule movement. The Pontiff, he further stated, was well aware that no other nation in Christendom had suffered so much for their devotion to the see of Rome as Ireland. Avery generous act was performed on the evening of the Queen’s Birthday by Messrs G. Gummow, R. Trembath, W. Pearson, and T. Wilson, scholars of the Lydiard street Wesleyan Sunday school. A large J platform had been erected gratuitously by Messrs Buley and Bromley, contractors, &c.;, for the Sunday school demonstration. At the close of the concert the young gentlemen mentioned set to work and removed the seats from the gallery and dismantled the whole structure, ami placed it in readiness for re moval the next day. 011 the completion of their task they l joined in singing tile National Anthem, and gave three hearty cheers for the Sunday’ school, thus manifesting for it a practical loyalty. "This was quite a contrast with the conduct of several youths u ho during the same week effected an entrance to a building where a tea meeting had been held, in search of eatables. These, however, had been removed by the caterer, and the thieves being foiled in this respeot, made off with buncoes of flowers, the property of several ladies, scittered chairs and spoons iu the room, and only saved themselves from arrest by forcing open from the inside a bolted and locked door and thus escaping. A nariow escape from serious injury was experienced by a horseman at the junction of Wendouree parade and Macartlmr street yesterday. The horse shied oil at something, and then rearing up fell back on to its rider, and rolled over him. To the spectators of the occurrence it seemed as if tiie latter must have been crushed to death by the weight of the animal, hilt lie got up apparently unhurt, and in a few moments remounted am! lode off’. Where lie fell was a piece of road metal, which caught on tile back o! his coat and cut through the clothing to the skin. The valuable stiul horse, \\\ averley, the property of .Messrs Ross and M'Gregor, was found dead in his stall on Saturday morning. It appears that death was caused by the bursting of some of Ilia intestines, and that the horse was on the previous day, to all ap pearances, iu a perfectly healthy condition. Messrs Ross and .\l‘Gregor were recently offered £lOO for the animal, so that the loss is a serious one. In one of our city churches yesterday a preacher from another colony officiated, and previous to commencing his discourse he drew the attention of the congregation to the fact that three youths were talking and laughing iu the edifice. He said it was not easy to conduct a service while inatteution was shown by those old enough to know better, and hoped he would not during his discourse be compelled to again notice this inattention. The congregation at the close of the service generally expressed their ap proval of the rebuke given by the preacher. The afternoon parade on Saturday last was fairly well attended. Captain Eddy was in command. After the companies had been equalized they were exercised in bat talion drill, Lieutenant Williams acting as senior major, Lieutenant Lugg as junior major, and Lieutenant Buley as adjutant. Lieutenants Fraser and Jackson being each in command of a company, Sergeant- major Dubherliu and Sergeant Howarth taking command of the others. Avery instructive diill was gone through on the parade ground under Captain Eddy, and afterwards under Lieutenant Lugg. It is intended during next month to hold drills 011 every available afternoon, so as to enable all members to earn the maximum amount of pa}’. Next Friday anil Saturday a very interesting match will lie fired between teams represen ting the officers, iioa-commissioiied officers, and privates, and as tile best shots ill tile battalion are fairly well divided, a close contest may he expected. At the Lydiard street Wesleyan Church yesterday morning the Rev. F. W. Isitt filled the pulpit. He based his impressive discourse 011 the words, “ And, if I he lifted up, will draw all men unto Me.” There was a large congregation. Mr Isitt is laboring ill New Zealand, where he made the acquaint ance of two of our now local popular cleigy liian —the Rev. Dr Rosehy, of the Congre gational Church, and the Rev. T. R. Cairns, of St. Andrew’s Kirk. This evening the Rev. Mr Isitt will lecture in the Dana street hall on “From, slave hut to Senate; or, the story of Frederick Douglass.” The admis sion will be free. A formal enquiry touching the death of John Arthur, who expired at tile Hospital 011 Friday, a short time after his admission from Mount Mercer, was held 011 Saturday. The medical evidence showed that death re sulted from natural causes, and a finding was entered accordingly’. James Jackson was arrested in Ballarat East 011 Saturday by Constable Egan on a charge of stealing, from the dwelling of Mrs Mary Smith, a lady’s jacket valued at £6. Subsequently Detective Charles apprehended in the city a man named Frederick Hawkins 011 a charge of pawning the said jacket, knowing it to be stolen. Mrs Smith, the owner of the article of wearing apparel, re sides in Hill street, Ballarat West, and it is alleged that tiie robbery took place some time on Friday last. The police state that botli prisoners are accomplices, and Mr In spector Parkinson is of opinion that Jackson is identical with one James Fitzgerald, who not long ago was fined 40s at the City Court for insulting behavior. Hawkins was iden tified by the pawnbroker as the man who pawned the jacket at iiis establishment. Credit is due to Messrs Charles and Egau for the speedy capture of the alleged offen ders. One of the largest funerals (if not the largest) that has taken place in the Magpie disuict was that of Mr W. F. Rae, whose remains were buried yesterday in the Biinin yong Cemetery. The concourse of people, old and young, who assembled at the grave, showed the great respect and esteem in which the deceased was held. The coffin bearers were Messrs Thos. Hankinson, Wlll. Madden, Geo. Aubery, and T. Treweck; the pall bearers were Messrs T. Ellford, P. Veal, J. Booth,. T. Wooluock, F. Moreom, and Geo. Keiri. The hearse was preceded by members of the Magpie Wesleyan Sunday school, at which deceased was a regular attendant, ami was followed by’ the members of the Magpie M.I.A. and the Sebastopol Star Amateur Dramatic Club, with both of which he was connected. The Rev. J. J. Brown, of Sebastopol, performed the ser vices at the house and grave in a very’ im pressive inauuer. The fortnightly meeting of the City Council takes place to-day. The proprietors of the Alfred Hall Skating Rink have very’ kindly invited tiie members of the Norwood football team, now 011 a visit to tiiis city, to attend the rink this even ing. The concert in aid of the Ballarat Hospital takes place to-night at the .Academy’ of Music. The programme embraces sword and clog dances, Irish jigs and reels, a grand statne tournament, with limelight effects. The services of the Railway, and Town and City bands have been secured, together with splendid and appropriate scenery. The con cert is under the special patronage of the mayor of Ballarat City’. Mr Long, J.P., will preside. We are informed that the raeaucy in the vicarage of Maryborough has been filled. The hoard of nominators of the parish re quested the Rev. Charles Harris, incumbent of Horsham, to be nominated for appoint ment to the cure; and Mr Harris, having ascertained that the bishop would make no* objection, has signified his willingness to undertake the charge. A young man named Hughes wa3 arrested last evening in Sturt street by’ Constables linhro and Rogers, of the Ballarat South police, on a charge of insulting behaviour. Hughes was creating a disturbance i:i frout of St. Peter’s Church, and a large crowd of persons collected. He violently resisted the constables, and bad to be handcuffed before he could be taken to the police station. There a second charge of resisting the police iu the execution of their duty was entered against him. A meeting of the Eight Hours Anniversary Committee was held at the Trades Hall on Friday evening last. Present—-dr U Wil liams (in the chair), and Messrs Evans, Surtees, . Hunter, Morrison, Clydesdale, Desnoy, Darcy, Anthony, M‘Leod. R- Smith, Sampson, Bradbury, Sprout, Friend, Wilson, Field, Graham, Whitford, Bailey, Ewins, M'Millan, Rose, Langley, Gunn, and Fancv. An apology for Mr W. Emery was leceived. After a quantity of routine busi ness had been disposed of, accounts amount ing to £l3 9s lOd were passed for payment. The collectors reported having received a number of donations, a list of which will shortly be published. After disposing of a number of unclaimed prizes, the meeting ad journed. The appointment is announced of Mr Charles Hay as a deputy electoral registrar for the Burnt Bridge division of the electoral district of Grant, the Buninyoug division of the electoral district of Grenville, and the Bnniuyongshire division of the South- Western Province. Mr G. W. F. Patterson, clerk of courts, Ballarat, has, with others in the same de partment in the service, resigned his office as deputy coroner. Mr G. Snowball, M.R.C.V.S., has been appointed a member of the Veterinary Board of Victoria. The number of out-door recipients of relief from the Benevolent Asylum last week was 599\. There are 247 inmates in the Asylum. A contingent of the best-conducted boys iu the Reformatory will be present at the Hospital benefit entertainment at Academy of Music to-night. At the Alfred Hall oil Saturday evening, Mr H. J. Wallace gave another exhibition of fancy' skating, which met with the appro bation of a good audience. This evening there vriil be a polo match between a picked team of local play'ers and the Alfred Hall team. Tenders have been called for the erection of a roasting furnace and housing at the School of Mines. The tenders are returnable till noon on Wednesday, 30th May. The general committee of the Benevolent Asylum meets this evening. Judge Quinlan, Messrs Heron ami J. C. Thomsou, P.M.’s, have been appointed licensing magistrates for the Geelong and Darlington districts. On Saturday night Constable Egan, of Bal lnrat East, arrested a young man named Alexan Cobb on a charge oi threatening be havior in a public place. Accused was light ing when taken into custody. Several per sons were also iu the town lockup last night on charges of drunkenness. Mr George H. Purvey was on Saturday morning elected chairman oi the Ballarat Stock Exchange for tiie ensuing year. During the past week 103 in-patients and 22G out- patients received treatment at the Hospital. Dr Wqinarski is the hon. medical officer for the present week, and Dr Brad ford the lion, surgical officer. A magisterial enquiry was held by Mr Thomson,- P. M., at the Gaol on Saturday, touching the death of a prisoner named Michael Grace on the previus day. Tiie de ceased, who was Go years of age, had been admitted a day or two previously from Allendale. Doctor Jordan deposed that death resulted from debility and congestion of the lungs, and the magistrate found ac cordingly. A cheap excursion to Melbourne in con nection with the Juvenile Industrial Exhibi tion will take place on Friday next, Ist proximo. The fares will he as follow: Children (up to 1G), 2;; teachers (one iu 10), ss; adults other than teachers, Si G.i. Tickets will be available for seven days, ami will include admission to the Exhibition at all times during that period. A licensing court for the Licensing Dis trict of Kingston will be held at Creswick on Tuesday', sth June. Iu reporting that probate was granted oil Friday to tiie will of Ann Reed, our Mel bourne c irrespondont in error stated that the property' was left to Mary Ann White, widow of the late Benjamin White, of Bal larat. It should have been wife, not widow, as we are glad to note that Mr White is still with us, and we hope will abide with us yet for many a year. The ordinary committee meeting of tiie Buninyoug Miners’ Association was held on Saturday last, at tiie Buniiiy’ong hotel. Pre sent — Messrs D. Kerr, vice president (in the chair), Hanley, Treioar, Westh, Blake, and T. Coswcllo, secretary. Correspondence was received from the Secretary of Mines, re garding laud applied for by A. M'Leuuan, and recommended by the Mining Board, stating that the department will see into the matter. Accounts amounting to £4 14s were passed for payment. It was resolved that a funeral levy of one shilling he made payable at a rate of threepence per week per member for the quarter ending June. Mr P. Hedrick, J.P. (writes onr Bunin yong correspondent), held an enquiry on Saturday on an infant (one of twins) of Mr Aiciieson’s, Seott’s Marsh, who died sud denly on the previous day. Dr Lougden made a post morUm examination, and gave as evidence that death was caused from “ con gestion of tire lungs.” A verdict was re corded to that effect. A telegram from Auckland, published iu the Argus, says : —“ Ethel and Augusta Williamson, two children, the daughters of a farmer at Papanui, Canterbury', were drowned oil Friday in the Papanui River. At the Shire Hall, Linton, on Friday last, iu aid of St. Paul’s Church of England, a ser vice of song,entitled “Little Meg’sehildren” (writes our local correspondent) was very pleasingly rendered by the church choir, assisted by several friends, Miss Leivers pre siding at the piano; the connective readings by the Rev. Mr Arnold were impressively rendered. The audience, no doubt owing to the unpropitious state of the weather, was not as large as such gatherings usually are in this district. The protectionist movement progresses apace. Mr David Buchanan probably did not exaggerate (says the Sydney correspon dent of the Age) when he stated at Central Cumberland the other day his conviction that 100 members would be returned to sup port protection at the next election. It is to be feared that Mr Steiufeld, of the Vic torian Chamber of Manufactures, who was recently' iu Sydney on the mission of pro moting a conference of Australian Chambers of Commerce and Manufactures, having for its object the advocacy of a system of inter colonial free trade; based on uniform tariffs, will find greater opposition offered to bis scheme iu New South Waies than he or tiio chamber which he represented anticipated. Already a section of the metropolitan press have sounded the note of warning against tiie colony having any part in such a com pact as that proposed. It is urged that Victoria lias had the benefit of protection for about 20 y'ears past, and that her in dustries are established and thriving, whereas New South Wales is only just awakening to the benefits of that policy, and lias yet to found and foster her domestic industries. It i3 promised that when this colony shall have got on her fhet, so to speak, set her manufactures iu working order, and eradicated the system of freetrade with the whole world from her system, she will be prepared to reciprocate With the sister colonies, as she is now prematurely asked to do. Professor Max Muller writes feelingly and forcibly on the new Emperor of Germany, iu the Contemporary Iteview, and asserts bis conviction that “ whenever England and Germany can come to a perfect mutual understanding, the league of peace will become so powerful that no gun can be fired in the whole of Europe against the combined and compact will of England, Ger many, Austria, Italy, Sweden, and Spain.” Speaking of the present Government in Great Britain, tiie professor declares that it can do what no mere party Government would have power to do. “It can speak iu the name of the whole nation, and pledge the good faitli, not of one party only, but of the English people at large, in support of a foreign policy which would change, a3 if by magic, the whole face of tiie world, and re lieve millions of toiling and almost starvin'* people from the crushing weight of what is called the armed peace of Europe.” Ail amusing incident is recorded in “ Besant’s Reminiscences,” lately published of a sceue which occurred in connection with the performance of a military drama, in which the contending hosts were represented on one side by the men attached to the theatre, and on the other by men belong ing to au Irish regiment stationed in tile towu. It was a “bespeak” night aud “under the patronage of the colonel and officers of the regiment,” all of whom, of course, were present. Everything went well up to the battle scene, when the signal was given for the fight to cease, and for the regulars, who personated tiie beaten foe, to refreut; but on this eventful evening they took no notice. Tiie actor who appeared as one of the commanding officers kept shouting to them “Retreat ! why don't yon retreat?” They still fought on in terrible earnest, ami punished their opponents so un mercifully that at last they throw down their arms and used their fi3ts instead. The result was a real all-rouml scrimmage. Actors con cerned in the scene shouted to the men to retreat, as they had done ijuietly night after night; the commanding officer called at the top of his voice, “Retreat! I tell you re treat !” Eventually the curtain had to be dropped on the conflict, when tiie manager, who made an angry appearance on the stage, ftiiiuusly asked tiie men, “ What does all this mean? Why didn't you retreat; to which one of the soldiers, a sergeant, with his face much damaged, replied indignantly, “ Is it retreat you’d have us, with the colonel in front. Divil a bit.” 