SKETCHES. USELESS APPENDAGES. It has always been a puzzle to physiolo gists to properly define the functions of the spleen. Anatomically it is known as ' a ductless glandular organ, of an oval figure, situated m tne upper portion or tne abno- minal cavity, to the left of the stomach, and under the ribs,' but the exact part it plays in the . functional economy of man is by no means so easily defined. Indeed, tliere are doubts whether it has any use at all. The ancients regarded the spleen as the seat of angerand melancholy, and to the word-maker, s' acceptation of this oldrfashioned belief are due the expressions 'spleenful,'- 'splenetic,' and some half-dozen other additions to our vocabulary. Surgical oxperience, however, scarcely bears out this belief, for it has been found not only that tho spleen can be extirpated without causing the least disarrangement to the general work of the system, but that its removal neither inake3 a man less angry nor less melancholy. Its only business in life seems to he that of getting occasionally enlarged and so making itself a nuisance to all its neighbors in the cavity, and altogether it may be regarded as a xiseless appendage. So, too, the last joint of the spine, that bit of bono shaped liked a cuckoo's beak and 10 called the os coccyx, is a useless appendage, if ever there was one. It contains no portion of tho spinal cord, is detached and has neither movement nor supporting strength. As an indication of rudimentary tail (at one time, perhaps, not so rudimentary), it is a curiosity, but its present use is simply nil. The ver miform appendix is still another portion of human anatomy upon whoso usefulness there is no competent authority. It is a worm- like thread that depends from the ascending colon, but it has neither sensation nor func tional use. To. this list may be added tbe wisdom teeth. Like Charles Lamb when a clerk at the Somerset House, they are tho last to come and the first to go. They do nothing in tho masticatory line that could not be ac complished by the molars, they easily decay, are often the source of much annoyance, and certainly may be written down among those things that would not be missed, It is not in man's organism alone that one may find these occasional evidences of nature in an abortive mood, or the proofs that in the evolution of the fittest that which has fallen into disuse has not been ruthlessly discarded. The elephant's tail, for instance, is one of the most pitifully ludicrous examples of a useless appendage. It certainly is no ornament, it is of no use to steer by, and as a fly-brush it is an arrant failure. Without particular flexi bility, without any beauty, and without any rank as a weapon or means of defence, it is a caricature of a tail. Tho rudimentary toes on the dog's foot arc assuredly useless appendages. They arc little, loose, cartilaginous things, armed with a nail that often grows to a troublesome length, and so thoroughly useless are they esteemed that many dog- fanciers think it best to dispose of them with a clip of a sharp pair of shears. The curious observer, will find non utili tarianism a very common feature in tbe structure of birds. What could be more useless than the wattles 011 a turkey or the alleged wings of the? auk", penguin and puffin P The hideous excrescences on the neck of the martyr to Thanksgiving have not a single thing to recommend them, and the wings of the Northern fowl are as useful to it as a parasol in the face of a blizzard. They, the wings, are laughably dispropor tionate in size to that, of the body, of the bird, and neither assist it in walking nor swimming, while as an aid to flight they are simply out of the question. There is a bird in New Zealand called the apteryx which is even worse off than the puffin, for, except by a stretch of politeness, it cannot he said to have any wings at all " what it does possess being two funny little flippers armed with a spike. There are many other examples to be found, hut those thathavo been given are enoiigh to show that while it may be true that nothing was made without its use, it is also true that use occasionally lapses, while tho instrument remaiqfyn a modified form as an object lesson in mutability. Useless appendages arc not, however, con fined to naturalThistory ; they arc also to be met with in social organisms. Tho man who docs not move with the rest of his fellows, who rotaius his Silurian crawl while the world is bristling along in tbe march of life, who impedes Progress by hauling hack 011 tlie rear of her chariot, and" who hinders Hygiene by telling her dull old tales concerning the merit3 of the sloth, is certainly a useless appendage whoso lopping off would rather he regarded as a good stroke by the great pruner. The laggard trustees of great bequests who allow years to go by without applying the funds in their charge to tho objects desired by tho munificent dead, who practice the tactics of dilatoriness, and who delay rather than advance— rtheso are also among the useless ap pendages to the body social. The bosses who make their living by trad ing on their knowledge of human weakness ; who are tricky without being clover, and sly without being wise ; whose unsci-upulousness is a byword and whose methods are shameful — these and all their gang are among the use less appendages to the body politic. Then there are those shameless creatures — tho moral vampires — who attach themselves to fallen women ; who deliberately plan their fall and trade on that catastrophe with the cold- bloodedness of a fish; preachers who are puffed up with wiudy platitudes; false philanthropists; nineteenth-century Phari sees who enlarge their phylacteries and set up their statues at the street comers; fossil scientists who never look beyond their noses, and can't look that far because of the dust on their spectacles ; the professors of lechery under newfangled names; the followers of the isras, and the traders in faith and its bastard brother, credulity — all these are use less appendages whose definite loss would be a distinct gain. A concluding paragraph on those ap pendages about whose uselessness there is more or less doubt. Of these is that semi- mysterious individual, the husband of tbe lodging-house landlady. The female variety is well-known; she is cropping up con tinually; she figures iu tangled criminal cases ; she is constantly being interviewed and reported. But who knows anything about the male variety ? "Where does he keep himself ? What does he do ? How does he live ? Where is his home ? A hundred questions may be asked about him without one good, satisfactory answer. His existence being a matter of doubt, surely his useful ness cannot ho of a very liigli grade. Then, too, what shall he said of the husband of the actress — the man who is introduced as the husband of Miss So-and-So ? Occasionally he makes himself useful by attending to his wife s professional business, getting her engagements and haunting the box- office on the day when the ' ghost ' is supposed ' to walk,' hut ordinarily he is considered an appendage, and sometimes not only useless but tiresome. In older countries it is the fashion to, consider young sons as useless appendages, but this fashion generally obtains only where such absurdities a3 free trade entail, and the aristocracy of birth still exist. No such considerations or doctrines prevail here, where sound sense, perseverance, honesty and brains, are the sure titles to success, and where, by their aid, their possessor can rise to he an honored leader instead of a useless appendage. — S. F. Chronicle. 