SKETCHES. USELESS APPENDAGES. Ir has always been a puzzle to physiolo gists to properly define tho functions of the spleen. Anatomically it is known , as 'a ductless clandular orean. of an oval \fiunre. situated in tho upper portion ot the \abno miual cavity, to tho left of tho stomach, and under tiie;ribs,' but the exact part it plays in the functional economy of man is by no .means so easily defined. Indeed, tliere are (loubts whother it has any uso at all. Tho ancients regarded tho spleen as tho seat of angerand melancholy, and to tho word-makers' acceptation of this old-fashioned belief are duo the expressions 'spleenful,' 'splenetic,'* and somo naif-dozen other additions to our vocabulary. Surgical experience, liowover, scarcely bears out this belief, for it has been found not only that tho spleen can bo extirpated without causing tho least disarrangement to tho general work of the system, but that its removal neither makes a man less angry nor less melanoholy. Its only business iu life seems to ba that of getting occasionally enlarged and so making itself a nuisance to all its neighbors in tho cavity, and altogether ! it may bo regarded as a useless appendage. So, too, tbo last joint o£ tho spine, that bit of bone shaped liked a cuokoo's beak and co called the os coceyXy is a useless appendago, if ever there was one. It contains no portion of the spinal cord, is detached and has neither movement nor supporting strength. As 'an indication of rudimentary tail (at ono timo, perhaps, not so rudimentary), it is a curiosity, but.its present uso is simply nil. The ver miform appendix is still another portion of human anatomy upon whose usefulness thero is no competent authority. It is a worm like thread that depends from tho ascending colon, but it has neither sensation nor func tional uec. To this list may be added the wisdom teeth. Liko Charles Lamb when a clerk at tho Somerset House, the}' are tho last to como and tho first to go. They do nothing in tho masticatory lino that could not bo ac complished by the molars, thoy easily decay, aro often the source of much annoyance, and certainly may bo written down among those things that would not bo misseda ? It is not in man's organism abne that one may find those occasional evidences of nature in an abortive mood., or the proofs that in tho evolution of tho fittest that which has fallen into disuse has not been ruthlessly discarded. Tho elephant's tail, for instance, is ono of the most pitifully ludicrous examples of a useless appendage. It certainly is no ornament, it is of no use to steer by, and as a fly-brush it is an arrant failure. Without particular flexi bility, without any beauty, and without any rank as a weapon or means of defence, it is a carioaluro of a tail. The rudimentary toes on the dog's foot aro assuredly usoless appendages. Thoy urc little, looso, cartilaginous things, armed with a nail, that often grows to a troublesome lougth, aud so thoroughly useless aro they esteemed that many dog-faucisrs think it best to dispose of them with a clip of a sharp pair of ehoars. Tho curious obsorver will find noil utili tarianism a very common feature in tho structure of birds. What could bo moro useless than the wattles 011 a turkey or the alleged wings of the auk, penguin aud pufiin ? The hideous excrescences on the neck of tho martyr to Thanksgiving havo not a single thing to rocommend them, and tho ?wings of the Northern fowl are as useful to it as a parasol in tho faco of a blizzard. Thoy, tho wings, aro laughably dispropor tionate in size to that of the body of tho bird, and neither assist it in walking nor swimming, while as an aid to flight they are simply out of tho question. There is a bird in New Zealand called tho aptoryx which is even wotso off than tho puffin, for, except by a strotoh of politeness, it cannot bo said to havo any wings at all, what it does possess being two funny little flippers armed with a Fpike. There aro many other examples to bo found, but those that havo been given aro enough to show that whilo it may bo true that nothing was mado -without its use, it is also truo that uso occasionally lapsos, whilo tho instrument remains in a modified form as an object lesson in mutability. 'Useless appendages aro not, howovor, con fined to naturul history ; thoy aro also to bo mot with in social organisms. Tho man who docs not movo with tho rest of his follows, who retains his Bilurian orawl whilo the world is bustling along in tho march of life, who impedes Progress by hauling baok 011 tlio roar of hor chariot, and who hinders Hygiouo by telling hor dull old tales concerning tho merits of tho sloth, is cortainly a useless appendage whoso lopping off would rather bo regarded as a good stroke by tho groat pruner. Tho laggard trustees of great bequosts who allow years to go by without applying tho funds in their charge to tho objects dosired t)y tho munificont doad, who praotico tho taotics of dilatoriness, and who delay rather than advanco— theso aro also among tho useless np psndagos to tho body social. Tho bossos who mako their liviug by trad ing on their knowledge of human weakness ; who are tricky without being clover, and sly without being wise ; whoso uneorupulousuoss is a byword and whose methods aro shameful — these and all their gang are among the use less appendages to tho body politic. Thon thoro aro those shamoloss oroaturcB — tho moral vampires — who attach thomBolves j to fallon women ; who doliboratelyplan their I fall and trado on that catastropho with the I cold-bloodedness of a fieh; prcaollors who aro | puffed up with wiudy platitude* ; } faleo philanthropists ; nineteenth-century Phari sees who enlargo their phylacteries and setup their statues at tho street corners ; fossil scientists who nover look beyond their noses, and can't look that far bocauso of the dust on their spectacles ; tho professors of lechery under newfangled names; tho followers of tho isms, and tho traders in fuitli and its bastard brother, credulity — all theso ore use loss appendages whoso definito loss would be a d'&tinct; gain. A concluding paragraph on thoso ap pendages about whoso ueelessness thero is moro or less doubt. Of theso is that semi mysterious individual, the husband of tho lodging-houso landlady. Tho female variety is well-known ; sho is cropping up con tinually; sho figures in tangled criminal cases ; she is constantly being interviewed and reported. But who knows anything about tho mnio variety ? Where does ho keop himself ? What does ho do ? How does he live ? Where is his home ? A liundrod questions may bo asked about him without ono good, satisfactory answer. His existence being a matter of doubt, surely his useful ness cannot bo of a very high grado. Then, too, what shall bo said of tho husband of the actress — tho man who is introduced as tho husband of Miss So-and«So ? Occasionally ho makes himself useful by attending to his wife s professional business, getting her engagements and haunting the box-office on tho day when tho 'ghost' is oupponod 'to walk,' but ordinarily ho is considered an appendago, and sometimei not only useless but tiresome. In older countries it is the : fashion to consider young sons us useless appendages, but this fashion generally obtains only where such absurdities as free trade entail, and the'aristocracy of birth still ' exist. No such considerations or doctrines prevail here, where sound sense, perseverance, honesty and brains, are the sure titles to success, and where, by theii aid, their possessor can rise to be an honored leader instead of a useless appendage. — «s\ F. Chronicle. 