THE YOUNGEST MISS GREEN. BOOK L—VANDA. CaAfitK L—(Coaduied.) By P. W. Kobihsoh. Author of " Grandmother's Money," "Lsxaraa in tonduD," "Courting of Maty Smith," "Ninety. Dark-stiest," "No Church," Ao-, 4c. "I <)•• i miad what they My." "•* »"> t u wlI jouraunt tnink?" 1 dun'i c»rewhat she thinks." "-By Jove, she'll think I have told you, and cut me.dead or make a-a confounded fuss or •c^^ett^D({, , '" 8er\ e yon Tight," said the other bluntly. "And Mia Sherwood—west will she say?" " 8he will laugh at me as usual—I'm such a boy to her, 70a see," he added with a mighty noom. " yon are; bat"— "Whatr "Weil, you ate a bit yoougitb," the Major ••Id, with * start at the other'* vociferous •ktdamatioo— M foc. her, I mean;' though I dkfa't know her quite till £ look, op dates US «o on; but she's twelve* months older to«B yoo nearly—isn't she?-and that can't Bake fUf jdifiorenoe fo auyaody; It isn't like taty or sixty years'tor so alltnrtiped On to-" prot^ Then it's a bit awkward—don't yon , •"J'be^^* h»d cigars of yours, Ill take surprised at this reply, 'but {iruuiOod jii«_cigjtr-oase agala. George TJson mis ibis tfan time now selected seteotea one with 1 great at one, lfflbt«*it, sat back, aad smoked. Xhei here was a-inug sfleLOe, , - jMroksn at last bythe BfMU . -3 C , r . a youtiger ",V. ;" The psperi said 'Alarming fcoaUtat to a Uwr'isltori^&d; made the knost of it—made •Inno t a tiSitedy of it * and so I dashed off at ofco^"aaldueoige Tyson. ily«0. I don't think that will surxjy much after alL" [ ajafjad there's nothing serious the niatter. I km idad I han mbt you j I am relievedin mind. i Wuld laugh, Pipe—I could •in8. If it had b^ tayfolqg adriout—whtch I dld pot believe iri mfr heartfor all this run ifHtbwaidji Mia "for all the confonndM p^nnj-a-Uaefa atole—£ should never, nprjr' have fi n\b?e of you for keeping nfefathedark, rsaul!" — *Tou^e an 1 sort of fellow, I kilow, GeoWje. Why, I forgive w^^thlng, I put up with eyetjthbyj, don't 1?" exclaimed the younger ''Is thpoq another man of my age so ely -k^pt dowa, so- entirely in JeadtAg- ^ fc6 jnuch % Slave, a toady, a grovelling tu ns 1 km?, If .you know of another let 'W* l^'Ilpe.thatYall—only let'toe see .^b imp^ftga ypniig man ittydjnp : to deal hfi^q^S^don— ibto'hi* seat again and, began to smoke looresjted tfeour,'taking the'cjgar frotn to tipe oat w hiMnouth to inspect it as ;—1' hiving jnvB l i*dnbts as to the quslifr {BsjAnokte arthe'gsnuinenessGf the Drana. jrAWently hh dropped off to sleep; and this mttmed a reUef to Hit companion, who had. been far from At bis ease with him aad even a Itttle distnatfat M*j6r Pipe surveyed him tint of half-shut'eyes aaa:belng whom hi dM uot wrtientand «od Vho was worthfexMnbiatlon and whom it was necessary, towateh ; but his fage assumed 'more oamposuie "bj degrees now, that his ctnnpautbn 'had'dEoppea tnto dreamland and waft far * while to trouble Jifm with no more leading questions. Msjor Pipe oever oonld bearqueetionS fired off at him point-blank; fae was .a maQ whoee ideia oame slowly and wKo thought (lowly, and who—well—was not Mrttanlaiw wise. and young George Hyson, not twenty-two yian of age, tnougbt so wonderfully fast and went kt everything In «ut)h a'slap-dash, red-' hot fiuhlonL'flke fitt fatter befort iiim, who_ had been the Majors senior ty many years, aad had died joa .the field of battle throngh; " knowihg when'to, withdraw "the rett 'of them. ~ id - Out -\\-hid swspi Btorbea I ments,' and pttmeed4s(6 [last niefat^e. nio tit.txfed to sleep after kbMi>k by the last pbst an iT belng aU their ezkiotetAted' stkte- *" the early dawn lie had olothej again, packed his . almost all -tfikt lie "posa man«4io intendeato Eve (it ite Wthe flf his life tbe iiad at 8 hfcnint'that he Hotel, j.^ip Jut. and"imy tarn M Urtn^ui' opt of it who had the pleasure end -.hDttniir .« j6ir hWs aoqualntanoe was not in the least asto- 23iBdMt ws*'j»st- likeye^tog I^sm. ^Ths-tzftin*ws» making fsir progrw noctS 1 - wards, and'Ueorj* Tysan slept on oaltnlylf in something id a kpcsad-esgle fashion, wife hie Ipnf ltcirt over the compartment, and vety much Jb Mkjac Pipe's direction by as hard as that geolUemaaooaid to avtdd them. Major Pipe smoked etear «iter slnr In a lipid and ertravaoMit fashion, pitchtag one. alter ao other baS 1 oteiwwaad . thmgb the window on to the*- permanent way. Sod' denly the train siackeoed speed and came Id a few seconds itowith to a fall stop, «U the Major, aver on wires, sprang to hn leet and looked oat of tke trim. right and left, stumbled over our hero's legs to the opposite window and looked theeoe with the same degree of . nervous interest, skipped bkek to the first window and asked various qMktionsof a gaard nowrannfa? along the line, and got not the ghost of an answer to aavofthea]. "Isay, Ty»>n,"beeaid, " wake np, there's a good fellow. Let's get out or something. There's solsg to be • deuce of a emsshstp, I fkncy. Everybody's looking oat, bat 1 oan'c eee what they^re looking at myfelf." -Ge«rge Tyson was 'not a nervous young man;. but he was en the alert at this adjuration, looking out of the eune window as the Major, and being biggqr of build and Master of shoulder necessarily driving his asQitaiy friend's head and neck Into a most MMafortable position against the side of the (window-frame. •" Brandy I—has any pasaeogatj{ot: some brandy oriel s shrill, high-pitfilud voice ; and Major'Pipe gurgled ont something in the affirmative in an- interval of cassation from oompression of-the windpipe by his friend's jaharp elbow, but no one heard him bnt youag Tysor. '"On! have yom a flask. Pipe? Look sharp ! Somebodfa, ill in- the next compartment but twa<> Give us holl, will you!" • " I—I always carry a flask in case of fits. I.'m subject—to—to fits, don't you know? Would you mind—jast letting me get my h'ead in for a minute, George? By Jove, you've just about throttled me • What a deal of room yon take when—when—" "Here —that's aU right," cried Tyson, FBatchiog at the flask which the Major was drawing slowly from his pocket, opening the door of the train, getting on to the footboard, passing on swiftly hand-over-haud like one well .ufted to the business, and dis Appearing into the compartment where his services were required, Major Piper shouting out daring bis progress— ' " For goodness sake, George, mind what yo'a'ie about, there's a good fellow! Guard, don't let the'trkin go on just—just—just this minute, will yon now?" ' Bat the train did not go for three or four tplcates. ; TbCTe .Wss evidently a considerable stir in' tne 'Compartment into whioh George Tyqon had transferred himself, and Mdjor Pips leaned out of.window awaiting &e; result with less composure than probably the majority of the passengers in the train, the muscles of his face twitching unpleasantly, ani biB right hand tugging away at his small mouBtache and twisting it into all the shapes of whioh it was capable. , No one had got out of the train Bave the guard, who was at the door of the carriage entering some particulars in a note book and looking cross and saucy and disputatious, and evidently exchanging a few remarks the very reverse of plwequicus with somebody inside—probably George Tyson, thought the Major, because Tyson was a fellow who never oould keep his tongue still. He should know all about it presently. Bat he had a long time to wait before bis curiosity was appeased, for George Tyson did not return to him -evidently had not the slightest intention of returning, for the door was slamm3d to, the gua'd passed into hie van, previously whistling for the train to proceed, which it did at an extra rate of speed to make np for lost time. "An n-nioe sort of game this," muttered and stuttered the Major in soliloquy, " running off with a frllow's fink and leaving him all by himself. I won-ivon-wonder what on earth it has all been about in there no« !'' 