=A Russian Ghost Story. When the Winter Palace was Eaishaih 'the empress appointed a day for taking posses. smon of it; and the elite of the guards, and a corps which was composed entirely of noble men, mounted guard in the new castle. A long, dark corridor lend to the middledoorof the white or.throne- room. In the corridor two young noblemen were posted. It was approaching ten o'clock and the arrival of the empress was momentarily expected. Sud. denly the attention of the young men were attracted by a bright streak of light which seemed to glide between them in the dark passage. Their eyes followed the light,-and they saw'that it streamed through the key hole of.the throne- room. Who could have any business ant ouch an unusual hour in a room wilich was designated only for the re. ception of foreign ambassadors?a One of the young men considered it his duty to investi gate the matter,.and approached the door for that purpose, but as soon as he had glanced through the keyhole he called to his companion in a' whisper to come nearer. "The empress has already arrived," whisp ered he; she is seated on the throna,directly opposite to the door." The other also looked through the apertlire and soon verified this to be a fact. The em press was seated in a tranquil dignity ont an elevated golden stool under the red velvet canopy, richly adorned with the imperial arms of Russia, a double eagle. The room was brilliantly lighted; but it was impos sible to ascertain if any other persons were present, as the thicknegss of the door-lock allowed no side view of the apartment. The young men returned to their pslts' and waited. Not long after one of the higher officers appeared and said, "You can all now retire: the empress will not come to-night." "But' her majesty is already here." "What? Who?" "Her majesty is in the throne-room." "Impossible I" "You can see for yourself." The cfficer looked, immediately reeog nised the empress, and said wonderinglyv- "I cannot understand what the marsha means. He has just arrived, and ordered that all the guards be withdrawn; the empress has changed her mind, and will not arrive to-night. Neverthe less, I see that she is here. Could she hare come secretly? At all events I will ascer. tain what new order the marshal has issued. SMeanwhile do you remain here as the em. press may lass this way." The marshal, Prince Kuratin, was fort; nately in the palace, and as soon as le heard of the mysterious report hastened to the cor. ridor, and peeped in his turn through the I keyhole. " M3y God, it is the empress I Her majesty herself I What can it mean ?" exclaimed he. "Hlow can this bhe possible, when I hare just left her presence ? She was dressed in her usual every-day atlire, and I see her in her own royal robes and jewels. There must be some mystery behind this. Let all entrances to the throne-room be guarded ! Let no one go in or out I I will hasten to report at once." The distance between the two houses being quite short, the marshal soon reached tihe small palace,temporarily occupied by the empress. " Where is the empress I" "In her sleeping apartment." "The prince looked at the lady of honor with suspicion, and said sharply. "Are you sure that the empress is here ?" " Of course; she is preparing to retire." "sInform her instantly that I am here." In a few minutes Prince Kuratin, much excited, was conducted into the empress' chamber. The empress stood before him in in night negligee. Keuratin turned pale. "Well," said the empress, "you look as if you had seen a ghost. What in Heaven's name is the matter with you ? Is there any news from the army 2" Kuratin hurriedly related what he had seen. " It is a knavish trick," cried Elizabeth. " We will take a nearer look at these come. dians. I will go in your sleigh, Kuratin; you can mount behind. Hurry." Arrived at the Winter Palace, the cas. telian was ordered to bring the key of the throne room; six grenadiers were com:. manded to load their guns, and led by the empress the little troop betook themselves to the corridor. The light shone as before through the key. hole. The door was cautiously opened and a flood of light filled the corridor. The empress stepped within the room, followed by her guard who placed themselves around her. The room was brilliantly illuminated, but empty. On the'throne was seated a shape, the counterpart of Elizabeth arrayed in purple and ermine, covered with diamonds, and crowned with the royal dia dem. One instant Elizabeth gazed steadfastly at her' double, then moved for I ward a few steps. Simultaneously the ap parition stood- up, stepped down from the throne, and then remained standing as im. movably still as the empress. It was a thrilling moment I I "Fire I" cried the empress. The guards raised their guns and all six aimed directly at the ghostly visitant. The triggers snapped. At the same instant the figure, clapped its hands together, and the room was suddenly plunged into intense darkness. - Then followed a great commo tion and confusion, while the empress called,-. "Bring lights I' Lights were speedily produced, and each corner was thoroughly, searched, but abso l tely niothing ceould be found to elucidate the mystery. Every door was locked and guarded.. The guaidslhad seen no one leave the palace. The empiress ordered a more thorough search to be made, but in vain were all efforts made to discover the per t petrator of the trick, if trick it were. • The'oceurrence made a deeper impression upon Elizabeth than she would admit. Eight weeks aftrwshrds she died. , st ·-----*-*=- - , Not Good Grammatr.-A young.ady was Ssitting with her lover in a charmingly deco r rated recess. - On her knee was a diminutive niece.. In an adjoining room, withdooropen. were the rest of the company. Says the e littl.niece, in a jealous andavery audible o " Auntie, kiss me, too." We leave you to imagine what had hap. Spened. - " You should say tw e, Ethel, dear; two is not grammar," was the immediate re Ijoinder. - - . Clevergirl. - .A Professional.- ' "Beautiful sport e beautiful,' said.the bagman. " Sixty birds in t two hours and only missed tvo shots.":-, a A quiet gentleman sittinig in.a cdrrier of t the hotel office, put down his papei, rushed across the room and grasped him warmly by thehaind. .. s "Allow me to congratulate yoiu, sir,"' he e said,' I am a professional myself." S. "Professional sportsman? "' SNo; a' professional liar.": r.a. Father (haughtily)- "Well, sir I "-'' S;Sos (imploringly)-"Forgive me. Iknow how"deeply I-have wroned you;, bit C - am young, and I' have eft time to make I) iepriation.: i a future life of honesty-"-. FATILER (anrily)--" Honesty I ha, hal u Who prates of honesty to a retired ice-. delerP" :"58? 