Notes by "Neptune.5' It ia to be hoped that last Saturday's sailing items are not samples of what wo aro to oxpecr. in i acing matters during the cnr eut sailing season. Tuero were two sailing" fixtures-one for yachts of tho P.A.Y.C., and the other for painted b ats of the S.A. Sailing Club. In the first men« tionod race thoro wore only two competitors, tho old rivals Sao and Iolanthe Thoso wero started, with the - result that Sao gave tho Iolanthe H licking. This* is hor first offur t unuor now ownership ; and her owner must bo cóngratn atod on his maiden win. In tho S.A.S. Club race there wero only two entries, tbo Al licoro and Sanplio; and the committee decided to postpone thoeveut. If such small entries aa wore received in these races aro to con tinue, committees of sailing clubs aro sure to loso interest"" in their club's doings. The P.A.Y.O. would act wisely if, ah its outsido races woro sailed . vcr hst Snturday's oourso instöuclof going north of tho Heads, as, apart from this I eing a better course than tho northern one, more interest wouiu be taken iu the races by people all along the coast tho yachts would pass. - INTBUCOWNUI EIOIIT-OAJI CONTEST.-While some of om? * amateur sailors are doing battle for this colouy in Vic torian waters, amateur rowers from Victoria will be doing similar duty for their colony on New South Wales waters. The eight- oar contest will take place this (Saturday) af tot noon, over tho Parrain. Un Championship Course," Whilo Victoria will bo represented by moBtly old and well-tried performers, our crew will o nsist of colts, not ono of whom has performed in an intercolonial contest before. Notwithstanding tho difficulties Mr. Goodyear, the coach of our oight, has met with, ho has, so far,., brought his men out spondidly; and the groat improve- . mont Bh<>wn has bo< n noticed by many ot our best author!, ties on rowing. They aro expected to make a great race of ' lt against the Victorian crew. The Victorian representativos arrived from Melbourne on Friday, , Novomber 10, and wero met at th8 Redfern Station - by a number of our - rowiug men. They were driven to the Town Hall, and welcomed by the Mayor. Tho names of the respective orews are-Victoria : Bow, H, Ox« lade, lOst 51b, Albert Part Rowing Club; No. 2, F, G. Payne, list, Bunks B.C. : No. 3, Watson, list 81b, I k olbL'urno R.O.j No. 4, J. O. Bannister, 13st¡ 4lb, , i Corio Bay R.O.; No. 5, E. Hopkins, 12st 61b, Banks RC, No. 6, R. B. Nicholson, list 101b, Banks R.G.; No. 7, A. Charnley, 12st51b, Albert Park R.O.¡ stroke, F. H. Gowdie, Hst 41b ; niuth man, A. Jacobs, Sst 101b, Mer« ' cantilu R.C.; coxswain. A. Hobson, Cst. N. ». Wales: ; Bow, R. S. Thompson, B.R.C., 9ft «¡Ib ¡ No. 2. F. Hooker, B.B.U., list 181b; N...8, W.O. M'Donald, M.R.C., list . laib;. No. 4, W. O. Beibridge, U.B.C., 12st; No. 5, J. Cart ton, St. I.B.C., 13st; No. 6, T. .vi'Donnoll, St. I.R.C., list I 121b; No. 7, J. Collins, B.R.O., list lalbj F. Bela t bridgo, B. R. C., list 13li>, stroke; A. Chate, coxswain. I B th crews bavo been doing good work dilling this week on I tho river ; and whichovor crew wins a good race is ex pected, lu rough wateronr men aro saidto haveau advan I tage, as the Victorians do not appear to bo altogether at) j home when tiiere is a sea on. PORT JACKSON SAILING CLUB.-This club has a fixture this (Saturday) afternoon for all boats under jib and main sail only, which is likely to bring out a large field, as several fresh boats have been entered in the club. BALMAIN SAILING CLUB.-A race for 14ft dingeys of this club will take place this (Saturday) afternoon over the usual Goat Island course. The committee of this club believes in the old saying, "Better late than never," as next Saturday the 16ft dingeys Sophia and Our Girls will resail a race in which they run a dead heat for second prize . at the regatta held by the club on December 10, last year. : The date fixed will be twelve months all but two days since it was sailed before. MR. E. J. BLACK'S NEW HALF-DECKER.- There was launched from George Ellis's shed, Balmain, a nice little half-decker for Mr. R. J. Black, somewhat similar in appearance to T. H. Kelly's Husbe and Mr. E. P. Simpson's Volante, though slightly larger. The dimen- sions of the Rowena, as she is christened, are-length, overall, 29ft ; waterline, 23ft; beam, 8ft 10in ; depth, 3ft 6in. She has hardwood stem and stern posts, and keel with - kauri planking, and decks, and will carry 1 ton of leaden keel besides 1¼ ton of lead inside. She will be supplied with a metal centreboard, and the box will also be lined inside with stout metal. She is nicely fitted up, and should prove a comfortable little craft. Her sails will be from Geo. Canni's well-known sail loft. ANDERSON V. REYNOLDS.-This light skiff race, for £50. a sido, took place on the nftornoou of the 15lh instant, over ? tho Parramatta chara|iionship cour e. The steamer Prin« - COBS followed tho nico, and was fairly filled with sup« porters of both men. Tho woather was very hot. Tho tido was flood, nnd with the westerly wind blowing causod a bit of a chopple. Anderson won tho toss, and chose tho southern shure. A start br mutual... consout was oltcctod at about half-past 4. The men had not gono far boforo Audorson took tho lead. Before Uhr's Point was roached ho had moro than a length's lead. How« over, Reynolds put in a few tolling strokos, and drew level nt tho point. Crossing for tho milo boncon, Audorson , again drow away, and by tho ttmo tho milo point wns pissed had threo or four lengths' load. From hore tho raoe ' wus a procession, as Anderson did as ho liked, and ; oventua ly passed tho winning post in 25min 2-lsoo. Tho . winner, although ho has a peculiar style of rowing, gets ; good paco out ot' a light skiff, and has had a rather success« ' V : fnl cai cor in this class of boat. Ho rowed at Hst. G* Royuolds is an obi performer in light skiffs. In fact, three, . . ' . or four yea' u ugo ho was considered a ci ack in these skiffs. . I Ho soalud just undor 13at. Messrs. H. Dooblo and J, Blackburn acted as umpire and timekeeper respectively. ' - PIUNÇE AJ.FIIKD YACHT Cum.-Tho first race of tho season in connection with this club took p ace on Saturday ; aftoruoon nat; tho event boing a tnird- cluss ruco. Only j two yachts (tho Sao and tho Iolanthe) outored ; and both Btartod on equal terms. Tho prizo was £10 for tho first . boa , and a swi'ep of 1 guinea for tho second. The course was from a lino botwocn tho Orlando's buoy and tho . ' starter's boat round tho b"at off Ooogoo and b.iok to tho. flagl out off Fort Macquarie. Thia was tho Silo's first : tippoaninoo in nicinu costumo undor now ownership; and . tho nico woe, therefor o, watched with considerable iutoresb by a fair nuinbor on board tho steamer Inflexible, which ¡ followed tho raco in chaigo of Mr. Fred. Be mott, the houornry sccrotary of tho club. On tho signal to (¡o from , tho etartor (Mr. A. Dunn), tho Sno was first across the . i lino. Tho lolantho waa sorao lOsoo later; both hoing on. port tuck. Tho two yaohis, on nourlng Garden Island, threw round, and miulo toward tho northorn Bbore. Sae- . wan again first about, a little to woathor of Pinchgut. lolantho s anding farther over beforo going ou port tacit ng in. Aftor cloaring Uradloy'n ibo Sao wo ked tho westorn shoro . whilo tho Iolanthe's ukippor preferred tho cast, rn sido of tho harbor. 'I bo Sao oontinued to draw away from her opponent, and cleared tho South Roof at 2hr 25min 25 oo ; tho lolantho licini; aomo 5min lator. On tho run for Coo co ibo Sao not a squari sail; tho lolantho only Butting an extra balloon foresail. By tho timo tho flicboat at Cooyeo was ro chod lolantho hud slightly gained on Hao; tho times being, Buo ¡JU lOmin 3lsec, lolantho 3h 20min 4-aoo. On tho beat back to ol ar tho South Roof tho lolantho appeared ns if abo would oaten tho Buo. But \vhon tho roof was passed tho Sao was flt!" somo tbroa or four minutes ahead. Tho Sao sot a square« sall for tho run homo; and tho lolantho had a small spinnaker sot. Tho Sao puasod tho fliiitboat off tho Fort at 6h 17min; lolantho, 6h 20min Osee. Tho Sao (which waa well handled by Mr. F. Adams), therefore wc« . by 3inin Osoo, Tho lolantho was ngain in chaigo of MT« Sid. Wilson. . NORTH SHORE BEG ATrA,-Tlio first regatta of any import ant held on tho waiora of Middle. Harbor toole placo on Saturday last, and, ll things considered, was a success. The locality heinir so fur away from tho, city, tho manage ment was rather lato in making a start, which caused tho events tr» han* on till dusk. Tho sterner Buuyn Bunya did duty as fl gsnip; whilo tho Mo muid carriod th« umpire, press represent ative, &o.; Notwithstanding tho rou h water experienced, some very good rowing was exhibited. | Mr. Biaokstono noted aa starter, Mr..J?. .Puuch as umpire, and Mr. 'A. Eaton as Judge. Fol Owing is' a list 'of the various events : Senior Souliers, in Outriggers, (amateurs) : ' -S.K.C., J. G. Kennedy, 12st, 1 ¡ N.ü.E.O., J. F. Connolly, löst, 2; M.R.G., G. J. Euwald, liât 81b, 0. Great intorest was'shown in this event, mostly from the fact of the amateur cracks, Kennedy and Bu wald, meeting. Kennedy drew away with a' slight lead after Btarbing; Euwald * bein* close in attendance. No .alteration in positions occurred, till about midway back again, when Euwald gave tip, ' and kennedy won comfortably. All Comerá in light skiffs (handicapped! s Bertie, H. ¡ Messenger, list 6 b,351b, 1; Alma, A.Cormaolr, lOst 10lb,801b, 2- After Dark*, E. Green, lOst. feather, 3. Lee, W. Ander son, SO.b; Cobtiinaa,. W. ' LyonB, lOst 41b¿ 10 b ; Pyrmont, H. Matthews, Dst, 151b; Double Bay, C. Messenger, Usc 61b, 401b; Badgerr, O. Beynolds, 12st 10lb¿ SOIb, woro also entered. < Matthews hold the lead for somo distance, but was fouled. Messenger . then took up the lead, 'and. won rather: comfortably. ' Double Sou 1B, youths under 21, residents of North Shore t : Spider, W. Wallace, lOat, S. Booth, lOst, 1; Tarragon, G. Williams, 9st, J. Andersen, 10st, 2; Peter Kemp, A. Bel-' lett, Ost; W. Gouldin-r, lOst, 0. . This was a vory easy win for Wallace and Booth. , Double SCUIIB, for all amateurs, mern fers of rowing olübs ! M.R;C.¿ N. J. M'Donftld, lOst eib. G. M'Uill, Ilat4tb, li N.S.E.O., J. F. Connolly, lOst, E. Bourkoj list 81b, 2. Thobo were the only two orows whioh started.- The Mercantile orew had a rather easy win.' AU Manual Labor'. Amateurs who have never won a stake over- £10. . Single sculls, iu light skiffs. Handicapped jr: Alma, A. Cormack, lOst 10'ib, 55 b, 1 ; Boy Clarrie, ' W. S. Davis, list, 301b, 2. The following also ' started':' Prince Alma',' P. Barnett, lOst, ' 101b ; Pyr mont,. M. Mortell, Ost, feather; Leo, J. Anderson, lOst, lOib.. This was a . splendid raco between tho two first men. Cormack won by nearly two lengths: Davis protested through a foul occurring. Double Soul s,- in club skiffs. For residents of electorate of St. Leonards. Handicapped ¡ Cobbing*, W. Lvons. lOst 41b ; C. Beynolds, 12st 101b, Ä5lb; 1. Greenwioh, E. Green, lOst; W. Ander son, list, 461b, 2. There were three other crews entered j but Lyons venn Beynolds had.an easy win. N.S, Wi NATIONAL REUATT A.-A meeting of tho committee of this regatta was held iu the Exchange Hotel on Monday evening last; Mr P. W, Creigh presiding.. Notbiug of any importance was dono. The committee will meet every Wednesday, evening (instead of Monday) in the same place. VICTORIAN AQUATIC CARNIVAL.-This two days' regatta will ilnish to-day ( Saturday)-. A fair number of our boat ing men went over to either compete or have a look on. Ha l the Original programme been adhered t >, no doubt a great many more of our aquatic fol ks would have proceeded to Melbourne to witness the ivgatta. But. in conso. queuce of the latest arrangements in connection with- the affair, thc o is not the interest whioh would bavo been hod our. boats boen able to compete under racing ounvas aud with unlimited orews. 8ever.il other boats would have been sent. Only three boats havo gone ; and they were scat ito the latter pa tot last week. Mr. H. Carpente , who has (¿one to a great nmouut of trouble and expeuse in getting bis boat ready, has left with his 20ft half-decker itohia and crew on November 10 in the Ba rabcol. Mt. Paul shipped his 22ft half-decker Varuna on tho Elingamite, and a so took berths'r for himself and crew in tho samo vessel. The other boab is Mr. M'Murtrie's 22r't open i.oat Ellie, wbioh has been taken over in tho steamer Victoria, Mr. M'Murtrie and his crew procoodod in tho same vossel. After the numerous ditappointmonts those respective owners have had iu connection with proparing for this ro-; gatts, lotus hopo that tb cy will bring back some of tho prizos. MrV Carpenter's Itonia appears o bo ontorod iu tho race for bouts or yachts of 20ft and under, and also the raoo for boots 20ft und over. It is also said that a 20ft boat frjpm N.8.W., thoGeuesta, bas entered in theao two rao s. Mr. M'Jlurtrie's Ellioand JULr. Paul's Varuna havo both entered in tho last-named race. As all ot' those boats will bo in good lianas,,they will no doubt givo a good account of them selves. Ou- yachts havo had a vory lively timo of, ? it on their trip to Melbourne; bad weather having boon experienced all through the passairo. Tho Era, which loft on tho 0th instant, only arrived on Suuday last. Hhe again carried away tho jaws of her trnff, and did minor damage. The Volunteor, which left on tho lith, arrived at Melbourno on Tuosdny; she also received a rough handling. The Miranda ai pears to havo sutlorod more than any of the others. Sho lost hor bowsprit, had her rall smashed, and reoeived serious damitgo to he hull, and had to return to Twofold Biy. Her orew also appears to have suffered through hor watertanks leaking. The little 0 ton. or Assegai has done famoiiKly eonsiue ing tho adverso weather. But it is doubttul whoth»r she will reach Mo bourne in timo to got ready to compete in tho races. Several cruft from Tasmania have found their way to Molbou-no, and aro expoctud to make a good show in tho rouijh water thoro. The success attained by tho ro atta in Hobson's Bay durimr the mst Melbourne Exhibition in ¡8M led to the inoeptiou of thoprosonb ono, and tho questtouof its being held ls due to Sir William Clarke, who promised a gold ftnohor valued at 10u guineas and to givo JClUOforovery JBiOOO contributed. It is o<peotod that tho expenses will amount to about £3000, aud W.vard this tho Victorian Government contributed £1000. The courses will be ulmoBt square, BO that the local yaohtsmun will derive no advantage from their knowledge of tho wiuds and curronts of tho bay. The races will dopend on tho speed and handling of tho contesting vessels. The loosest ouurso is 48 miles. The principal raoo in the programme is for Sir William Clarko'a trophy, open to keel and oentr«bo.ird yachts of 20 ton's and upwards. Tho winuiug yacht will also take the first pi ire of £500, Twenty-eight oveuts are announced. ON THE EIVER,-Perhaps nover bofove has such a variety of rowing been soon on rho Parramatta Uiver as during the pBst week or two. O itriggor, four-oar, eight-oar, ana .?'.tory other style of rowing havo beon n ticeaolo. There have been the two ex-champions (Dtmch and Hnnlna) doing the necessary oxoroises for thoir coming ma ch, besides those preparing lor tbo Bris' ane Carnival Among ' tho most prominent ure Sonrio, Komp, Muttorson, Neilson, Stansbury, Couch, Flannagan; Wulf,- iiud M'Leau (from whom great rhimrs a e yot oxpooted). Beside-. these, there have been the amatuurs preparin < for tho amatour sculling championship. Thon, again, tho oiithts have been hard at it ; and tho fours to do battlo iu the four-oar race have j been getting Into fettle. | MATTHEWS AND CLEAVE.-It is rumored that a 'i*ht skiff race is likely tobo arranged between Matthewsand Cleave, to bo rowed ovor tho champion course, fo £50, to take placo at no distant dato. Should this be arranged, a good contest should result, N.B. W. ROWING ASSOCIATION.--A Bpeoial meeting of this j association waa held on Tuesdav evening lu the lix oban ge - Hotel. Mr. F. J. Smith, M.L.A., proaldod. A letter was I Toad from tho Sydney Rowing Club, offering the uso of its , four-oar boat for £10. Tho matter was loft iu the hands of tho hons, seoretary und treasurer. Messrs. W. Black stone, F. J, Stain, M.L.A., and K. Gilt man wore app lintcd starter, um ire, and judge for the eint.-oar contest to-day (Saturday), whioh will start between 3.45 and 4 p.m. Tho stearne s Admiral nnd Birkenhead will follow the race, A picnie will bo tendorcd to tho crews after tho raco ; a sub-comuiitteo having been appointed to mako tho arrangements. Tho seoretary said that the following gent lomon would form the crew to opt esont N.S.W. in tho f.nir-oa « raco : Messrs. "F. Hooker and F. Selbridge, U.R.C., and J. Car ton und T. M'Uouell (stroke), Sc. Ignatius lt.0. Entrios wo o ro Ceivod as follow for tho various ovontfl: Amateur Sculling Cham ionship, Messrs. J. Thomson, J. G. Euwald, J. G. Kounedy, G. J. Euwald, J. Friisor, J. F. Connolly and J. M'Uae. This rac« will t)i>rowodonthe.28th instant. Ou th" sanio da tho Sc. Ignntiun o>ow will row over in tho Sch tola' Four.-i; this bom tho only outry. Maiden Foura: Crowafr m University Rowing C ub, East Byduey R.C., Globo Rowiuir C uh, and St. Ignatius Rowing Club, Junior Fours: T, o Globo and Balmain clubs uro ro|rrosontcd. Intercolonial Olmmpi n Four-oar: Crows from Viotoria, Now Zonlund, Taauiania, and Now South Wales. ROWING CONFERENCE.-A conforonoo ia io bo hold ono flaj next we«lt, at whioh eovoral important quoationa in connection with rowing matt ors oro to bu disuussod. Perhaps tho most important will bo tho vexed question of tho doflnli iou of an amatour. TUB BRISDANH CARNIVAL.-Tho nominations roooived vp to thu present for tho Brlsbano aqu itlo onrnival aro Bearle, Kemp, Beaoh, Watterson, Nelliion, Sransb.iry, aud M Loan. ? Thin great ovonfc ahoùld be ono of tho boat ox liibltiona of rowing over seen. Tho prizes aro excollent, M'Lner, ira old Sydney rower, but now of Briabano, hus on tured.iind means business, na hoiBhiivmg a sholl uiltbere by Donnolly for tho ovont. Another scullor of the Kangaroo Point Ruwmg Club, named Wain, has also entored. Han lim does not appe r to huvo ontered. It was- expected that with such tempting prizes, scullers from England and America would have benn induced to enter. But thoy appear to have lou:;bt shy of it. . I Wu CAN "VIA.-The holiday on 'November 9 was celebrated here by the four- oared races, in beats, of tho Wilcannia Boating Club foxs sob ot trophies valued at about £10. Eight crews nominated, though only Boven came to the Btartor's boat: and it Bpenkfl well for the love of thia fine exeroise that, in a sniad community like that of Wilcannia, Borne forty men can be found to uudergo the necessary hurd drill of praotioe. The racing was. on the whole, fair; one finish-indeed, the whola race-being excellent. The victors were . Pike (stroke), Lee . 8, Bollinger. 2, .Trader (bow), who mada an easy win.over Long (stroke), Davidson 3, M'Gtrath 2, Duggan (bow). , ; ..-, . . . NEW STORM ANCHOR.-Some intereBtincr experiments have been, made off:'Dover -with-a Boa anchor : which IB designed,, for tho uso of. vessols in urgent distress at sea. The experiments took place on the schooner Mary. Wutera, belonging to Padstow, and wer« oonsidered by all i those who .witnessed them tu be eminently Buuoeastul, and the . anchor an invontion which ¡might be the means of saving roany a vessel whon at tho meroy of the sea. The anchor, if rightly BO termedi is made of canvas in the, shape of,a bag. Two were UBed at the tiials j one at tu ched to a circular framework, » tho hoop-of which . W..B 2in or Sin in -width, the other fastened to a square framewock of wood., bolted together . at the ends.' The width abross tho openings of those bags was about 4ft; the depta being about 5ft. These anchors or I ags wero thrown iuto, tho sea, and made fast to thábow of the vessel by a stout rope. The . immediate object of 'these anchors is to bringa vessel up head to sea when all other means have fat ed, and the voswel is in danger of foundering. Tho inventor, Captain Waters, made lise of a temporarily-constructed arrangement of this kind iu a terrible gale in the Bay of Biscay some years ago,-when his. vessel was in danger of foundering; und the craft, although only a small one, was brought head to sea.by this means, and saccebsfuily rode, out the g.ile for ' fifteen hours, when it abuted. The bags are eyeletted at the bottom to prevent tho pressu e of water from, bursting; them, and are uttaobed at a short distance to a beam of wood which susprnda them a.few feet below the surface.. WORK IN BOAT RACING,-Professor William P.. Trow bridge, of the Sohool of Mines in New York, has been makin some examinations as to tho expendilui e of one ru y of eight men during one of tho college raoes. The dis-' tance," a four-miles course, br 21,120't, was r,ra versed in 21 minutes ; there being a speed of about 1000ft per minuto. The resistance < f tho boat at this speed was determined by ex periment to be 751b ; and the work per minute for.th-s eight men, therefore, was 75,000 foot-pounds, which is "26 horse Îlower per man. ' This is seven times the rate which strong ab Tera are compelled tu maintain during a day's work. Tho conclusions from tho investigations aro, that these extraordinary efforts are excessive in the strain which they p ace upon the heart and lungs of those engined, and that rac s are practically decided a the end of the third mile, and that prudonco requires that the length of course in all college boat-racing should be reduced at least to that distance. EDAD SCULLING.-Advices from New Yo- k, dated October 13, said that tho final scores of the six days' roller-sculler raco were: Gaudaur 465 miles, Boss 462. Mackay 431, Bul ear 891, Hamm 375, Conley 861. Leo 808. Du au 281, O'Connor 251, E ist 183, Toemer 177. The machine used in this race consists of a light iron frame, whkih is not un like th arrangement of a trioyole, Tho real* half supports a Davis sliding seat-exactly the thing which all scullers now uso. Close to tho forward end aro the font-rests, in which the rider places his feet, just as a soul er docs in his boat. Those foot rests serve nnother purpose, as by them tho rider steers tho machine. Two little levers reach from tho toes of the foot-rests to the fork whioh incloses the forward wheel ; and by presniug forward either foot tho rider turns rho steering wheel to the right or left aa ho may desire. To propel tho machine tho scullo'- talcas his placo jost as ho would in a shell, and pushes tho handles woll forward. Of courso the seat slides forward with tho motion of tho sculler's body. Thou, grasp ing tho handles, ho pulls a stroke. As ho pulls tho luiualoa back tho cab ea unwind forward from tho friction clutches; wnile rorrea i'Onding portions aro wound on from the rear. This givoa tho friction dutches two or th roo turns for ward; and with them turn tho whowls. Thon, a» tho sculler pushes tho haudlos forward, tho motion of the clutches or pulley is reversed. Bub the main wheels con tinuo to tU'U forwar<i, and carry the machine along. In fact tho machine works so easilv, and tho inonmutum is such, that whon it is fairly going one stroke will turn the wheels many times, and will carry the machine along 60ft or more. Tho maonine wilt turn around in its own length. A brako conveniently within reach will stop it in a very short distance. Spocd and direction are easily cóutrolhd; and the machine cannot tip over unless the sculler goes deliberately about it. A LAUSE PER» TBOAT.-The largest fo ryboat in the world ÍB Said to bo the Robert Garrett, which plies be tween the foot of WhitehaU-Btreet, New York City, and Staten Inland. Sho u ade 18 knots an hour iu her trip from Baltimore. She hns 1500 horse-power engines, and is 236ft long, 83ft beam, 14ft deep from her lower deck, and can carry about 5000 pei eons. M'KKNZIE. OP NEWCASTLE.-Thus a Lon-'on correspond ent : Some of your rendors will recollect old Mr. M'Kenzle. of the Black Bull, Newcastle-on-Tyne. Poor M='0 died iatoly. He was always run dy to back a likely sculler, and had to do with a lot of the old pullers-Kelley, Renforth, Chambers, Taylor, &o.; THRUÜOH KRAN'B TO MARSEILLES . nv RIVER AND CAN»L.-Inquiries aro frequently m ade aa to the practicable ness of getting through France by river and canal to the Mediterranean. No doubt the trip can be accomplished easy ehou h bystoain yachts up to KO tons, provided they oau be lightened up to about 5ft 4in draught of water. Last winter the Soredn, owned by James Gordon. Bennett, made I he trip, and a detailed account of tho voyaire was published in LB YACHT in May. The ? Sereda waa formerly known as Passe Partout, and was built by Löbnitz and Company, for the Seine. She is a straight stemmod yacht, 88ft Oin overall, lift tin beam, and 5ft 3in draught of water aft, with ballast removed, and 4ft 9in draught forward. Funnel uud masts are of courso made to lower. Tho Serada appea: s to have been pushed through as fast as possible, and waR only a fort night en route. Tho 180 looks in tho Canal de Bourgo no can bo passed very rapidly, and tho Sereda managed to got through thom in seven days, averaging twontv-sevon a day. The locks uro unifoimly 131ft long und 16ft 7iu broad. THE DARK SECRET.-Somo time ngo (said a London paper) it was announced that "Captain" Andrews, in the Dark Secret, ha-i been picked up nt sea by a Norwegiau barque, in a very exhausted condition. It ls now announced that he has been lauded nt New York, and will exhibit him self and h's boat in a theatre. We can omy su y lhat it is a matter for congratulation that tho barquo whioh pioked him up wus not. eastward bound; or he might bavo boon landed hore, and exhibited himself mid his boat in n tunk either an tho Aquarium or the Cryatal Pataco It is further announced that another sea trump bas st-toutfr ni Boston in a 7f t " dory " to cross tho Atlantic. Ho is said to bo a native of Brooklyn, end has («o FOREST AND STREAK said) resolved to meet " doath or a dimo museum." WORKING A SNNNAKER IN A SMALL BOAT.-Tho following isa Bimple plan. The hal)'aids aro run through a block at the mast head, the boom Hi s f re and aft in the boat,a ioiuted boom, oonnootnd with a fishiuif-rod joint, is often used for convenionoo in stowing ; bend halyanis to hoad of spinnaker, make tack fast through a lacing hole at end of boom, taking care to bo ny ' tho suoot, hoist spinnaker, then run tho boom forward, and ship inboard ond, haul outboard end of boom aft by tho after guy, the ond of which is shippod over tho end of boom, tho tack preventing it coming in . oard. Tho inboard end of tho boom either hns jaws to ship int'» n must or a gooseneck, or simpler, still, is pointed and ships into a splioad eye passed round tho mast, similar tn an ordinary spirit. Care must bo takon In running the boom ont to koop tho tack < ut of tho wa tor. Intaking the sail in lot tho boom go forward, un-hip it, and pass it aft into the boat; thou gather up the sail and lower. A spinnaker fitted thus can bo art or t ikon iu in a few seconds. THE COLQUHOUN SOI'LLB.-Mr. S. D. Muttlebury, of Trinity i.oiiogo, Cambridge, who was a member of .tho Cumbridgo crow which won tho Inst Untve sity oLht-oar raco, hu i won tho Colquhoun sculls, estnbH-heu by Mr. P. Colquhoun, a race which carries with it tho championship of tho river Cum. Mr. Muttloburj's woitrht was 13st 81b. ST. KILDA (V.) YACHT CLUB.-Tho first race of tho St. Kilda Yaohb Club this season took pl ice on saturday aftornoon, whon a trophy presented by tho club, a void modal, was sailod for, together with second and third priroB. The Now Zoalaud ynaht Akarua, which aoooptod an iuvitution to comnoto, was first j tho Gamillos hoing Boconcl. Tho "Waterwitch and Meteor tlod for tho third pince. KEKIÍ vitnsus CENTREBOARD,-AB far as small boats-are concerned, tho lust regatta of tba Eastern Yacht Club at Mirblehedd appoars to have laid tho ghost of the cunt re board lorevor (said a London papor). Tho "keels" won all alon ¿ the line; and a song of praise wont thu round of the papers in honor of tho "British typo." Tho Bayadere, designed by Mr. Ut. L. Watson, had a most signal victory in her class in a moderate o liirht breeze, whioh appears te have boon too unsteady for a crucial test, although there was no very pronoun ed fluking. Aoc rding-to- FOREST and STREAM, the dimensions of Bajadere aud her two competitors (both noted craft) were: . ¿"wÜ. "Brenan. Draught. Fanita, centre-board ... 44ft 17ft 5ft Vixen, centre-board .;. 44fb 16Efc 5ft Bayade e, fixed keel 45ft , 10ft 8ft In tho end Bayadere came in nearly three minutes ahead of Fault», und won. She was eight minutes ahead of Vixen. In tho class under 40ft, Xai& sud Papoose, two keel boats, beat tho Gbaquita, a t entro-boarder. Tho FOREST AND STREAM said : " Although the wind was very fluky, the conditions were fair enough to show a deoided victory ror Bayadere, especial y when ber;- rig and the light weather are considered with the reputations of hor antagonists in suuh weather, fur which Fanita at least is specially rigged." We presume .that the "rig" refers to the area of canvas tho yaobts have in their sail plans, and that Bayadere is under-canvassed for light winds. .... ? . : : SCULLING CONTEST ON THE ÜÜNTBE.-A SOUlllng Contest in stump outriggers for a trophy of the value of £10 hos been arranged-to come off over a two miles course ou the Hunter River, on December 15, betweoa John Crimp and Boland Brown. Both are local men, ? A SWIMMING CHALLENGE.--Jamos Finney, signing him self " champion swimmer of the wor.d/' has sent the fol lowing lettur to the ofilce of the London SPOUTING LIFE, dated October 6: "lam prepared to swim anyone iu the world one mile for £500 .or £1000 a side. If Nuttall really intends to become a professional, I should like t > swim him the above distuu. e. Seeing that E. Cavill has created a lOOOydB record m Australia, I am' also willing to test his ability, and iu virtue of my o aim to championship honors, I am. anxious and aiways roady to defend the title. A deposit of £25 or £100 mado at tho SPORTING LIFE office will receive my immediato attention.'* This is a business like offer, and affor-ls Aust aliau swimmers un opportunity of bringing this branch of sport into greater prominence than has hitherto been tho case. " AS OTHBBS SEE Us."-LAND ANO WATE« of October 6, in commenting on the Hanlan- Kemp race, Baid : " It is evident that Hanhm's sun is set, but that Kemp is not a first-class champion ¡and should Teamer meet hi ai, aud bo unaffected by the chumbo, he should easily beak the Hawk.ebury man." Tho same paper considered that tho Brisbane Aquatic Carnival would prove the greatest aquatic event yet held in Australia, and wouU raak next to the International Championship Sculling Sweepstakes, won by Bo oh in Eng and two years ago, and the Hop Bitters ] Prize, won by Laycock on tho Thames. THB AMBBIOA* CHAMPIONSHIP.- With reference to tho I claim of th a Canadian sculler O'Connor to tho obampion- ; ship or America, owing to tho asserted neglect of Teomer ¡ to take up O'Connor's chal en e, J. A. St. John, of St. Louis, has written to Bocrers, tne backer of O'Conuor,'as under i "Dour Sir-John Teemer has never abandoned «he : championship of America, aud has never refused a ratio for it. After O'Connor declined to si.'n the original articles prepared by Teemer, the champiou had uo knowledge that O'Connor bad final.y agreed to thom ; tho notification of thhir acceptanco not having reachod him. He has never deolined to row; and he still holds tho championship, and is prepared to defend it either under tho oid artiolea of . agreement or under any uow articles which may bo mutually agreed on by O'Connor and himself, or by Teenier nnd any man in tho world. The attempt of tho Toronto boating men to quibble over what seems to thoma technioality, but what in i eallty is a fault ou their part in not accepting ! at first what they finally assented to as fair conditions, is not sportsmanlike. -Very truly, J. A. St. JOHH." 