THE STORY-TELLER. THE GHOST AT CRESTDALE. 'Here wo aro safe and sound !' cheerily said the drirer of the hugo black ambulance ae he pulled up before tho front piazza of Grestdale-the beautiful villa whoso tower has beeu tantalising tho travellers for two miles. A party of five descended from the wag- gon as thc wide doors were flung open by the housekeeper, and a kindly welcome greeted them, as wellas comfortable fires. ' My ! how cold it is !' exclaimed a fresh young voice, as the speaker hurried close to the generous heater. « Be careful, dear ; you may burn your coat,' warned an older lady, while a stal- wart young fellow, the picture of ruddy health, tenderly loosed the seal wrap iu question. Placing the fair wearer iu a groat arm- chair he said-? 'There, Mademoiselle Jessie, be á good girl-if'you eau. Now, sister ours, what can I do for you ?' turning gallantly to the other lady. ' Thanks, you foolish boy,' was the pleas- ant rejoinder, ' laok after those parcels and those live commodities shivering lhere.' The live commodities were a Maltese cat, a canary bird, and two rather raw recruits. from Erin ; and the ' foolish boy' at once set about assigning places .for tilings aud people. ' There's a kitchen somewhere back here-come ahead Michael. All right, Katie, follow me, and fetch the menagerie along.' ' A trifle bleak, this, isn't it ?' he said, rubbing ais hands before the fire. ' But just take uoie of that fragrant beefsteak. Say, girls, I dou't see auy table set any- where.' And he looked ruefully arouud. ' Give us timo youug man,' remonstrated the cid« lady. ' Here is a move in the right directum already,' she added, as the housekeeper appeared with the tea- tray. * ' Mabel, can't we have muffins P' pleaded the younger-voice. ' Muffins ? Nat on such short notice, dear ; but you may have toast and egp-s.' ' You.ll disenchant mo with your enor- mous appetite,' whispered the youug man, and he "got a slaucy slap for his pains. ' Riding hours aud hours ou that horrid train is enough to starve auj-oue,' was the ready def euee ; 'yon only carno from New York.' \- Mabel aud Jessie Winthrop were orphan sisters, the one fifteen years the elder, and mother as well as sister to her idolized charge. Her own lifo romauce was a buried chapter, and now she was chiefly concerned for the happiness of the two youug persons seated there. Goprge Barrett was a distant cousin, and was to be married to Jessie "Winthrop in two weeks time. They had come down to make ready the villa, which was their favourite home. It stood upon a wiudiug river, close to the seashore, and command- ed a view of the surrounding country for many miles. It was an immense house, containing about twenty-five rooms, and full of unexpected niches, nooks and crannies. It was kept thoroughly furn- ished, but 'locked up through the winter months. An unexpected cold wave liad mad the coming of the prospective bridal "party a somewhat dreary affair. A few happy touches here and there transferred the gloom into cheer, and it was with renewed animation that they arose from their repast an hour later. . George was to return to the city next day, but would run down frequently before the wedding. Meanwhile, this, their first evening, passed quickly and agreeably for all. The ensuing week was a huey one. A whole army of sweepers, dusters and renovaters were turned loose into thc villa, and the good work went on with a will. Michael took charge of a pony and phaeton, aud the sisters often drove to the village shops, two miles away, where the nearest railroad station was.. It was very necessary, however, that Mabel should mike a final trip to the city, to purchase some indisponible articles, and she ar- ranged her time so that George could re tuv-i with her on the last evening train. .You : wo*vt be afraid» da,rli^g P wa* Mabel's fond questionnas she madeout her long Hst of purchases. ' Afraid !' echoed tho other. ' Why, no -what is lhere to be afraid of! It is per- fectly safe.' .? Yes, I know. Otherwise, I would not leave yon.' ' Tho house is big,' said Jessie, * but we have near neighbours. Besides, there's Mike, and Kate, and Mr. Lawrence, Oh, j I'm all right, Mabel darling,' , ' Soe that tho house is securely fastened, dear, and look for us to-morrow night,* was Mabels "parting injunctions, as she kissed lier and said good-bye. ' Indade, Miss Jessie,' said Katie a little after, * indade it's not right for the loikes of yees to bo left here alone.' * Why, Katie, what's the matter P' laughed. Jessie ; you don't cali this being alono, do you ?' ' Ah, haven'tyees heard thequare noises in the tower, Miss Jessie ?' An' sure an' there's a ghost in this Jiouse. Howly Mother defind us!'and Katie piously crossed herself in real terror. ' A ghost, Katio ! I'm ashamed of you. It is only tiie wind. It always blows here fearfully. You might turn a regiment loose in tile house, and they could scar- cely make more noise than these big, rat- tling windows.' ?* Arrah, mo jewel,' protested Katie, ' there's a terrible walkin, about in the tower every night these two nights. And didn't yoes hear about the awful umrther in the town beyant us, and the murtherer iscapin'P Such a qtiare marther, too, with the finger rings all left on, and the money purse in tiie pocket. Ah, Miss Jessie, a nmrtherin ghost won't uiver be laid.' " * You silly Katie !' said Jessie, merrily . * Don't he afraid. I'll take care of the ghosts. W e aro all right,' Tho night passed without incident, and tho next day Jessie devoted her energies to air important task which she had dalily deferred till now. Mabel was to take supper in the city and roach homo adout niue ; so, after an early tea, Jessie amused herself for an hour at the graud piano, then retired to her cosy room in thc second storey, which had been elegantly fitted up. The high winds from the sea h?d lulled, and for once the house was utterly quiet soqui<ït that tho stillues became oppressive. Mrs. Lawrence had retired with a nervous \ headache. Mike was bent upon routing j an army of rats at the barn ; and Katie ! had asked permission to come up and sit with" Miss Jessie after her day's work was doue. Meanwhile the young girl sat ia her bower of luxury, softly humming a favou- rite song, and very happy in the thoughts of her aproachiug marriage. While deep in her smiling reverie a stealthy footstep distinctly sounded outside of her door, Raising her head from the lace trifle she was finishing, she had not time to feel a sensation of real fear, when cautiously the door knob turned, and a head intruded itself which struck her as dumb as though Medusa had appeared and drove the life blood in a frozen current to her head, The face was ghastly, the hair black aud curling upon high, narrow shoulders, the figure slight and spare, and a pair of lvstl^s-s black eyes glittered swiftly and, cuuuiugly around the room. , ! ' Hist 3' he said to the horror-stricken j girl, softly closing tho door and turning j the key ; and if Jessie had a distinct thought in that awful moment, it was of i thankfulness that the winter dampness j had so warped tho door that the key would not fairly catch in the lock. A bit of 1 repairing thus far overlooked in the wed- ding preperatious. ' Don't be frightened,' he said, still in a whisper ; ' you'll take care of me, won.t you ?' But tiie girl's great grey eyes only rivetted themselves in more hopeless, helpless terror upon the apparition. Every muscle seemed paralysed. He drew a chair tn the open grate, as if the fire woro most welcome. ' You see,' ho said, in his quiet soft voice, 'if they track me here they may hang me, aud they would be wrong-all wrong. I did not intend to kill her, but she would not- hold still !' At this he laughed a blood-curdling laugh, and the horrible truth burst upon the girl's dazed senses. She was alone with maniac. All the stories she had ever read rushed to her memory, and the_ only clear idea that she had was the conviction that she must, if possible, humour his va- garies till help came. She was a petted, spoiled darling, but she had great strength of will, and she now called it into re- quisition. She hurriedly glanced at the clock, and calculated how long it would be before her dear ones should arrive." Alas! it was just eight. What, oh, what could she do Of whom did he speak ? Kill her P Kill whom P Then the mystery of the mur- dered^ girl. Was this her slayer ¡P - . Suddenly, with a confidental gesture, he bade her sit down near him, * I'll tell yon about it,' he said; ' if she iiad only kept still ! But she screamed anp tried to runaway. I can't stand noise. It sets ifldwiVi Ï w&*v Hye *Mfl blood,-« this pure, young, life-giving stream. But she would not listen to mo. Poor thiug ! It was toe bad, wasn't it ? Hey P speak !' Trembliug at the sound of own voice, the girl cpmmanded herself to say ' Yes ; who was she P' ' I don't know,' he replied, ' she was beautiful and fresh, almost as fair as you. I was geitiug away from tho accursed place. Think of confining a man of my learning in a madhouse. But that wae justit; Iliad mastered tho new theory, transfusion of-blood. They wanted to steal my glory, so they locked me in. But I outwitted them. . 1 captured these and vau away.' As he spoke he laughed wildly, and took from bis jacket a black case of bright new surgical instruments. ' These are what I needed,' he continued with a chuckle, ' I could not attain the goal without these beauties., Then, caressingly, he went over them. ' Lancet, trocar, bistonry, probe, tourni- quet,' mentioning the whole collection, while he passed his fingers affectionately over the small, sharp knives. ' ï\>r many years, he went on, ' I have studied this theory. The only thing is to find a young strong, healthy, subject. 1 found her-I was hiding in the bushes, she was on tho highway-but she would not listen te me. ' "Sou did not kill her !' the girl forced her dry lips to ask. ' Nay, nay, that is an ugly word. I had ts sacrifiée her, I did not kill. Then the foolish mob came, and I fled hither. But I had a hit of bread and meat. She drop- ped her basket of lunch. I've been hiding m yonder tower,' pointing upward. ' I thought I might find what I want ; and now, my dear, you will help me, won't you?' This he said coaxingly. ' Help you P What can I do ?' ' Such asimple thing. Hold very st ill while ldraw the rich, red blood from your pretty white throat. ' Fou would not spoil my throat ?' pleaded Jesaio in winning tones, with the courage born of despair. 'Such avery little throat,' clasping her soft fingers about it. * But where else cali I find the glorious stream so rich and so red ?' he argued, with a frown of perplexity. ' It must be transferred into ray own veins, that I, too, may be young again.' ' But not the throat ! I could not sing any more then.' 'Ab so-I heard you sing. 'That would be a pity. Well, I'll tell you what I will do. I'll open«, vein in your arra and take a small bit. This will quicken the ner- vous centres. Then comes my greatest and most scientific discovery. Listen closely, for I do not mean to impart the secret to another. It is the transfusion of brain ! Some other man's head got on to my shoulders, and my brain is ali wrong. Now, with the blood newly charged in my veins, and your youug, active brain absored into my uncertain head, I shall find the elixor of life, and you will not have lived in vain.' Great Heavens ! Did she hear aright ?' She had'submitted to blood-letting once to gratify an old physician, who insisted upon the remedy ; and she felt almost brave enough to endure this operation again, if < it would only kill time and satisfy her tor- mentor. But to cut into her brain ! Merciful God ! What should she d©P She could not escape for he watched her with cat-like vigilance. She dared not scream, for so did the other frightened victim. What else could she do but try and gain tiuie P With a rapt expression he continued ' Since the days of Esculapius there has been no such transcendant theory as this which is to make me famous. All my weary nights of thought and days of study are to be rewarded at last. Gome, child, are Írou ready P It will not hurt you. Only a ittle ; un prick, and no pain, I would not hurt you, dear.' What if he should let lier bleed to death ! Oh, sister, oh, lover, come, or she imist die of horror, if not the knife. ' What do you wish ? What do you re- quire P' she asked with palid lips, and a voice that strove in vain to be steady. ' Only a handkerchief and a basin,' he said coolly. ' You are not afraid P Good girl ! Now for my crowning victory I' As a sleep walker she procured the articles, and bared her round white arm. Skilfully he bound it, and tenderly made the incision ; but as she felt the warm crimson tide trickle down she gave one feeble gasp, and knew no more. ' # # * # ' ' Get on as fast as you can, driver,' said "George Barrett, as. he and Mabel took seats in the Tillage stage. Then, turning to his companion, he said in reas- suring tones, ' Don't be frightened, dear ; she is all right.' / > ' I know it ie foolish.' said Mabel, ' hut those wretched placards made me nervous aud all that talk about escaped murderers and lunatics ! I am almost beside myself. Do hurry.' As the wide portals of Cresdale appear- ed, 3£»Me oded, in terror-*. ' Something is wrong, George. Seo how dim the. lights are ! She would be hero to welcome us, I know,' With the fleetness born of anxiety Mabel ran into the hall, and upstairs to her sister's apartment. George felt im- pelled to follow, and reached the door just as a shrill scream sounded from tho room. With one stride ho onterel. ' My God '.' ho exclaimed, and fell on his knees beside Mic bed, for there, bound hand and foot, la_; the palo, still form of Jessie Winthrop, and on the floor was a basin of. blood. Mabel clung to lier -sister, wildly im- ploring her to speak to her. Recovering , bis presence, of mind, tho young man hasti- ly unbound tho silken cords from the deli- cate wrists and'ankles, and bent in an- guish over tiie white face. Eagerly he noted a faint quiver of the eyelids, when a figure bounded from behind tho heavy {jorticrc, which, loosened from its cords, tad fallen from the floor, and sprang from the room, intercepting Michael, who was entering tho room with a parcel. * _ ^ Tho mau gave a yell of horror, and/ in- stantly the house was in an uproar. See to her, Mabel !' shouted George, as he darted in frantic pursuit. But the man had utterly disappeared in the din. Katie, who had been napping in the kitchen, now added her screams to the uproar, and a furious ringing at the bell sounded long and loud. The Latter pro- ceeded from a party of men who- were in pursuit of a'mau whoso face had been seen at the tower window at Crestdale ; wheth- er the escaped lunatic from tho State asylum, or the escaped murderer for whom ' there was a large reward offered remained yet to be proved. . -? The search that was instituted soon un- earthed the victim, who. dashed ont upon the roof, and rather than be captured threw himself from tho tower.; HU man- gled remains were removed amid the hor- ror and excitement of the assembled crowd below. All night tho anxious watchers hung over the prostrated girl, gathering her story, bit by bit. It was supposed that the maniac had bound her for the final and fatal operation he had gloried ink when the sound of their arrival frightened him away. For days Jessie Winthrop was iii from the terrible shock. The wedding was ut- terly quiet, but George ref used to have it deferred. "It was months before the stricken bride would consent to live at Crestdale, and years must elapse before she can refer with composure to Katie's mtirtherin' ghost. 