THE BLACK HOUSE In'n. BY L. A. SAVORY. ,1 was just sixteen when I went to live with Mrs. S ted man. my father's distant cousin, who kept the Black Horse Inn on the Sondis lield turnpike. I was the eldest of six children, arid with so.many little mouths to fill it is no-wonder that when Mi;. S ted man wrote that she wanted a well brought up girl as an assist-, ant^not as a servant, my parents gladly con sented to let me go, particularly as she was a renowned housekeeper, and had the reputa tion of making the best pickles, preservers and home-made wine, of anybody in all the country round about.' My duties were to assist in the sewing, keeping the accounts of the inn, ind any other light labor which was required. My" father accompanied inetoB and saw me settled in the mail coach, which passed through Sondislield twice a week. It was before the days of railroads.'and it was quite dark when we drew up to the " Black Horse," where the passengers were to spend the night. The house was large, and situated on the high road where the Sondislield turnpike crossed the road from Newtown to-War Chester. It had every convenience of yard and stable", a good garden, a line orchard,and a large farm attached. It stood on high ground, and commanded a view for many a mile over the country. TheB--mail-coach stopped over night there twice a week, beside, the daily coach from Newtown -to Warchester changed horses there, and all the farmers on their way to market, peddlers and travellers, either oirhorseback or in carriages, always stopped at the " Black Horse," for'rest and refresh ment. Mrs. Stedman^was a tall, angular woman of about sixty; her hair, which was white as Bnow, she wore puffed high on her head, un covered by the cap which in those days was universal. She had bright black eyes and a high color. I have heard she was a con firmed opium eater. I think she bad the most severe countenance I ever saw, and one was careful of one's conduct before her. There was no gossip between the men and the maids at the " Black Horse," and woe betide the luckless kitchen girl or stable boy who dared to laugh in her presence. I.had beard her story before I came there. She was early feft a widow, with a beautiful daughter, whom she idolised; but the son and heir of a rich, man from a distant city, who came to fish in" the waters of the mill-dam, had induced her to elope with him; it was not supposed thas he had married her. ? * Her mother was a woman of high spirit, Btrict and proud. She never forgave the man or her daughter ; .it was said she had returned their letters unopened. At all events, no one ever spoke of Clara Sted man, and it had been more than fifteen years since the day when the fled with fier^oung lover. Mrs. Stedman was very kind to me; but if I had been of a lively turn, as many girls of sixteen are, I'm afraid I should have found it pretty dull in the old house, after the cheer less November days came on ; but I applied mys.elf to learning how to make the various viands for^ which the house was famous, and , at other times I hemmed towels and table linen; beside there was always the books to keep, which had to be attended to every night. . - Mrs. Stedman's room was a large one up stairs, in an L of the house } there was a flight of 'stairs leading from it down to a large^ closet, between'the kitchen and dining room. This closet was a sort of butler's" pantry ; in it were kept the best china and glassware, cutleryand table linen, and on the top shelves many of the preservers and jellies. A trap door led to the cellar below, j where, the wines and other commodities ! were. I often sat at the old secretary in Mrs. Stedman's chamber casting up accounts or writing off recipes. It was a curious old desk, filled with innumerable drawers and pigeon holes. She often opened the drawers and showed me their contents; rare spices and drugs and essences; costly at the time of my story, and not common yet. Mixtures for taking oiit stains, powders for destroying moths,"and a famous poison for killing rats, wb'ich . she said was never known to fail. This was a white powder, securely sealed in a" glass bottle. I suppose now it was arsenic, but I did not know it then. I must have been in great favor with, her .or she would never have shown me all these treasures, but I think it was because I exerted myself to learn housekeeping, .was quiet and sober, and had no looks of levity.' It was about the middle of November, The country fairs and festivals tyere over, for the season, and travellers who had so often stopped at' the " Black Horse " during the summer were few and far between now that the days were-growing.short and chilly. The stage coaches and an occasional horseman, alone relieved the monotony. Mrs. Stedman had her apples and vegetables gathered, her corn harvested and husked, her cattle and swine killed and salted. We,had fairly settled down for the Winters' quie.t, when one cloudy, cold day, which seemed to portend snow, as I was sitting close to the dining-room window doing some sewing, and Mrs.' Stedman was in her own room, putting away the linen from the weekly wash,, the sound of horse's'hoofs made look out upon the road, and there. I saw a gentleman mounted on a powerful gray horse, riding-straight up to the stable door* As he dismounted,"! saw he was rather a handsome man, of about thirty:eight or forty. , He had a good- natured look, like one who takes the world easy; and at the same time "there was a good deal of determination about his well shaped mouth. . . V ' >.He. walked in as if the place "were familiar to him, and asked if 'Mrs. Stedman were at home and if he could have dinner. Before I could answer either question, she came down stairs and received the gentleman with more cefcmony and respect than I had ever seen j her bestow upon any one. ? Judging from her manner, he was an entire stranger to her, I thought he glanced sharply at her, at first; and then seemed satisfied; for he entered the parlor, which she opened for him, an ! in a careless way flung himself down/in ;an easy chair before the fire, toawait dinner. . Mrs. Sleclman seemed greatly excited. She told me to lay the table with the best linen, silver and china, and went her self into tbe kitchen to superintend Patty while she cooked the meal, a thing she I seldom did for anybody. She sent me into [ the cellar for a bottle of the be*t wine it contained, and told me to pour it into the nicest cutrglass decanter. I had an idea that she bad discovered the gentleman to be some great personage-.the governor, perhaps, travelling in disguise, and for that reason treated him with such respect. . W hen the table was all laid, and the dinner ready to be set upon it, Mrs. Stedman told me to go.again into the cellar for a certain famous pickle she kept there, I did as I was told, rind she went up to her room. ; '.As I-'have said 'before, there was a trap door leading to the cellar, in the closet where the stairs leading to her room were. It was not directly under them, and I suppose I was riot gone so long sis' she expected, for, as I came up with the pickle jar I saw herswiftly dcscond-the stairs with the sealed bottle con taining the white powder in her hands; and going to the table shook a little of it into the wineglass, and pouring some wine out of the decaliter she filled the glass and called out ta me-stiil in" the cellar as she supposed, to open the parlor door, and say to the gentle man'that dinner was served. > Then she quickly went up to her room again. . I was so horrified at what I had seen that,* for a moment, I could notjmove; then-and I shall never know what impelled me, some thing I could not help-I rushed to the table, seized;,the wine glass, and pitched it and its contents out of the window. . ..-.As I did so I beard a slight noise near the parlor door,-and there stood the gentleman observing me. .=* . "And so that's her game, is it?" he said, half to himself. - He siood silently for a moment, then he turned to me and said :. "I saw the whole of it, my girl; go and ask Mrs! Stedman to come herej" : I did as she bade' nib, and presently she. ,came. Her face was clea-Uy pale, and her black eyes had an unearthly brightness. ' The gentleman drew a step or two nearer, and said: '.You-recognise me, I see, Mrs. Stedman." . "Don't I V' she answered, in a low voice. The gentleman laughed. . " If I had partaken of your hospitality, my wife might have been a\widow at the hands of her own mother." At these words I saw Mrs, Stedman change color. . " Wife ?" she faltered, "Yes, my honored wife, and the mother of my children- your daughter Clara. ' Of cotirsc I married her ; I had no intention of doing otherwise. It was done privately, to keep it from my father. If you had no If been too cursedly proud to open her letters, you would have know it long ago. By George! you're not going to faint!" for Mrs. Stedman sank down on the floor without a word. ~ -Tscreamed, and the cook and the kitchen maid came running in, and between us we raised her and placed her on the sofa; but presently she started up and went to her own room, and we heard her lock the door. " Missu3 has seen a ghost,' the kitchen maid said. The cook hinted darkly at "spasms," but Mr. Livingstone and I looked at each other without a word. "Well, I suppose I can have iny dinner now," he sr>id, at last. And I must say he ate it with a better ap petite than I should have supposed possible ' under the circumstances. He even drank suine of the wine, and praised its liuu flavor. Toward sunset he rode away, leaT'ng a note for Mrs. Stedman. We all went auout our business, for work never slacked in that house, and the evening coach was expected. It came with the usual bustle of changing horses and getting supper for the passen gers ; but Mrs. Stedman did not appear, nor did we hear from bct until nearly noon the next day, when her bell rang, and the maid said Mrs. Stedman wanted me. I went up to her room, and such a change I had not expected to Bee. Her face was as white as her hair, and her hand shook visibly. She extended toward me a long knitted purse which was filled with gold. " Alice," she said, " you are a good girl; take this, and to-night .when the B coach* starts, go home to your parents. I will take care that no blame is attached to yon." : " I don't want money, Mrs. Stedman, but I will go home if you will let me, and tell no one but my father and mother," I said. She held out the purse and pointed to the door, and I left the room and hastily packed my trunk ; and when the coach was ready, got in and started for bonje. My parents were very much surprised when it set me down at the door, "and they were still more astonished when I told my story. Mrs. Stedman continued to keep the "Black Horse Inn" ten years longer, when one morning she was found dead in her bed. She never visited her daughter, but I have heard that Clara and her children passed a few weeks with her ever^ summer. Mr. Livingston she never saw again. When her will was read it was found that she had divided her property in equal shares between her eldest grandson Stedman Livingston, and myself . ' 