Driving Park Club. A fortuie'ht hence the racing- ball will be set a-rollin^ for the winter, with' the Driving Park meeting at Eagle Farm on August 18. The numerous entries for the various events—to wit, 36 in v.he UloO rrot, 18 in the Pony trot, 16 in the £10J flat race, and 8 in the Hurdles—should be highly satisfactory to the club, as being a proof of owners' opinions concerning their meetings. The big trofctiug race speaks for itself, tor the horses eutered hail not only from Queensland but from N.S. W. and Victoria, and if ouly one-third of chose entered st*rfc the race should be worth sroing to see. Tue imported Southern horse Huon is rightly considered by ' he hanuic • pper** as*oeing able to give time allowances to the remaining 35 competitors, he being put at 95sec behind scratch for the three miles and even with this handicap to give away he is, if he comeshere, up to hi ■ neck in it. Then comes Doncaster, *lso au imported horse, in the same stable as Huon, considered in Sydney Jb<» be worthy of—top weight, I was goiug to say-^vih^i^eieswty to everything in the Handicap trot run last satarday^iMpivon by Duke. .Doncaster is, I may add, a probable starter here. Two old friends, Wauaka, 76sec behind, and Paddy, 7usec behind, are next on the list, and I am glad to see that Wanaka is btill considered better ihan the Irishman, nathless ther suit of the so-called match last Mar<-h; yet it would have been fitter bad Wanaka been made io concede losec to Paddy. Chanticleer, 7i»f.ec behind, reads fairly well if he don't break; he started first favorite in the miles trot at Eosehill, on the 14th insc.., from 27b yards behiud scratch, and Auistted second, coming very fast at the fiuish, but was disqualified for repeat td breaking. Varmint, 60sec behind, I don't care about, bat Gairyowen, another Syduey animal, in receipt of 20sec trom Chanticleer aforesaid, (should be good goods. Down South Chanticleer gives him lOsec only. Jenny, 35sec behind, is also a Southron, and at the last Sydney meeting she and Garry owen were on the same mark ; now, she, Devon, the winner of the last Maiden, Douglas and tiipsy Girl are all together at 35sec behind, and the two first read the best. Most of tbe re maining lot are unknown to fame (fame in this case being the writer), and it is hardly likely that, the winner will be found amongst them. At present I like Doncaster or' Huon, which ever starts, and Garryoweu best, and next week I will endeavor to spot the particular hummer of the whole crowd. As it is, I reckon that the party who backed the first 12 against the field has good biz. The Pony and the Maiden Trot I will also leave till next week, when things will have eventuated rather more than at present. In the Hurdles, 2 miles, the well-performed Hubert has top weigut with list 51b, and in consideration of his many good d eas out West, both . over sticks and on the flat in Corinthians, he couldn't get less. Hubert can give tbe Baron about 2st. However, it is $uue possible that tbe top weight won't start, and, if he does,%'e will hardly be wound up for this event. Old Siwdowqer, ^consequently, looks more likely to be returned the winner, and, as far as the others are concerned, he is very well in irideea, fcfriaohe of them can xaoe him at differences ranging fopm 21btiownto 191b, unless, for once, Rocket chooses to go straight, in which case it will be all over; but, as he is more likely to fall over, he may pass. Napolpon has had his day 5 he is a "once was." Hermit-, 10st 41b, with his goat-bucking action, may win—if something < lse goes in front to kuock the hurdles down, and t.he fates bavins ordained that. Clareuce and Rocket are pro ficient in this department of the sport, it is 011 the cards that he will repeat his May performance. Sharavo^ue hasn't a ghost of a show, for all the otherB would have to fall twice for him to win. Eusty's best performance was during part of the Maiden Hurdles at Beaudesert, but be came to grief early in the piece, and was dead in the first act. At any rate, be won't win here, and the best, by far, to back are Sundowner and Hubert. In the £100 flat race, Merry Duchesu is badly treated as top weight with 9st. Alma should give her a few pounds, for when last they met, Alma gave her 121b; on this scale that makes a difference of 14-lb over a dis tance, by which I take it Alma is better suited. The jump up in weight is too big altogether. Lady Godiva could not win here with 8st 51b up, let alone 8st 101b ; she might have been let off a hit etisier. Optima's two wins down South stamp her as being a weight carrier, and fast at that, whether she can stay or not remains to he seen. At any rate, she is in too light in Ibis handicap; what form sbe is in as regards condition I can't, however, say. Sir Anthony has a first-elass show with 8st 51h; Ascot I don't like, but Sleep, 7st 131b, is iu it up to his neck; he is by no means btdly treated. Jasmine, on the contrary, is badly treated at 7st 91b. Sir Anthony gave her 51b and a 141b beating besides iu the Leger; the mar^, all things being equal, cannot race him at 121b now. She was never in tbe keger from the moment they began to race. Rainbow has just an outside show, for it should be remembHred that hu ran a good horte for a mile, at w.f.a., in the Royal Stakes last May, and the celebrated Walsh polish should improve him tremendously.. Eileen may be a spinner or a duffer; time will prove. General Gordon may be classed as a " used to he," unless he has come back to Lis old form again; being a gelding this, of course, is possible. Star should have given him weight. Pirate King is a taking looking colt ;he is by Westminster—Spartan mare, and will probably inherit the family trait of improving with age; My opinion is that Sir Anthony, Alma and Sleep will win between theua, and also that Alma should have been top weight, with Optima next. Since writing the above, I see Lady Godiva and Merry Duchess have been scratched. The Q T.C. entries for August are only to be labled very fair, but the meeting is considered to a great extent an off one. There are 17 entered for the Q.T.C. Handicap, and the names of many old identities will be found missing. On the other hand it is refreshing to see the names of horses new to 113\. Mr. M Gill has Jasmine alone to rely on, and she can hardly be termed a host in herself. Mr. Mooney will rely on Sleep only to pull him through, Yubba and Gloire, pre sumably, not being forward enough. Mr. Murray has his pair of wares, Godiva and Duchess, and Mr. Trihey has entered Sir Anthony and the Epigram—Beeswing gelding, Blue Gown. The new names are Ambition, a now three- year-old, by Hastings (the Hawkesbury wiuuer of *84)—Miunie Clyde, and Hastings must have got loose or gone on the loose to bave fathered him, as the colt was foaled about the time of Hastings's win. Optima, by Wilberforce (the sire of Hustings by-the-way) — Azalea, and Eileen, by Ex celsior — Empress, have never raced at Eagle Farm, nor "has New F&shion;, by Newminster — The Truant. Daybreak is tbe Western horse who won the last Bluckall and Tauibo Handicaps ; he is by Farly Morn— Adelaide, the dam of Lucifer. In the Exhibition Handicap, 1$ mile, tbe s me 17 are entered plus eight more, making 25 in all, of wiiich, three are new to us here. Citadel, by Welling, ton—Fortress, Bowlnr, who ran at Toowoomba, by Benjaroo (a son of Tamerkne)—Beautiful (Leopold mare), and Pirate King, a now tbrep-year-old son of Westminster—Spartan mare. By-the-way. old Elsinore's name figures here. There are also 23 nominations received for the Oorintbian, all old stagers barriug Eric, a Gyiupie horse, I tliiuk, of unknown pedigree. The weights are due on Tuesday ti-xt. I have seldom seen a handsomer youngster than King Olaf. He is by tbe imported horse splendour—Evangeline, a Cossack mare, and is the property of Mr. Murray, The colt is as pretty as a picture, a beautiful chestnut with four white feec. He has a good forehand, is well coupled, and his legs are all that should be, whilst his head is a perfect one; and if he does not turn out a racehorse, he will sadly belie his looks. The other colt is a w»-ll-grown bay by Epigram—Re membrauce, a Maribyrnong mare, and he has been most aptly naimd, Epitaph. He is a different ebap< d animal to his mate, and though not £0 takiug to the eye is, in the opinion of many, the b'etttr made animal of the two. He is a dark bay beauti fully topped, and gives every sign of developing into a 16 hands horse. He was bred by A. Town, whilpt King Olaf hails from Tocal (Mr. JELeyuoids). Both colts were purchased in Sydney, and ate in Mr. Quirk's hand* for training; it is need less to say both are doing well. Godiva and Duchess are blooming. The Julian Avenal colt. Outcast, has returned to his old trainer, Christie Jones. He is lookiu* a lot better than ever 1 have se*n him for the last year, and he seems to have lost his round look and to have developed more as a racehorse should. Hubert, the Western horse entered here, is a bright bay with black points. He stands about 15.3, and is a long, low set oiistomer, fctandiujj on a good set of pins. He fills the eye well, ana gives oue the id* a that it is a pity he was gelded, which means a" 16t. He has been a rea' good 'un out West iu his day. Mr. Johnstone, his owner, is a good cross country rider. Mr. "Whitman's new purchase, the game oldBinalong, won the Raglan Handicap at Gladstone on the second day. The principal results.were :—Maiden—Bellman 1; Gladstone Han dicap—Royallieu 1, Clarendon 2; Members' Purse—Oymbeline 1\. Second day.—Flying Handicap—Werner 1, Clarendon 2; Raglan Handicap—Bihalong 1, Bellman 2 5 Farewell—Claren don 1. " Veno " says that the plans, etc., are being prepared for the proposed improvements to the Roekhampton courSe and buildings, On August 1st, Rosewood races are on, and Brisbane sports canget up and down iu a day easily, as the place is 20 minutes by train irom Ipswi h. The weights appear in another pjtge. Id the Hurdles, if Colonel can jump he should do the trivk, if not, Huntsman.*- In the Han'tiysip, if well, the top weight, Ascot, should just get home, witter Double Strain and Aristo crat as runners up. Tbe Side-So.ddle Race should go to Melody &r; Double Strain. " . , 1 ... The Liverpool Cup (England) was won by Satiety, Ashplant 2, Tommy Tittlemouse 3, Ownprs are hereby cautioned that they must not change their jockey without permission from the self-appointed censor of these matters. Seriously, considering that Mr. Murray owns Merry Duchess, surely he can put up who he likes to ride, without being called to account by turf scribes. Wood gate is a good straight-forward lad, and a darned sight better jockey than many of - is flasber compeers, but if he were Hales cum Archer cum Garrison, Mr. Murray can surely please him self in the matter. Mr. J. Tu'-nbull, the owner of Fishwife, etc., lm threa very nice fillies, namely, ch f by St. Albans—The Maid ; ch f by the Englishman, and a br f by Slanderer—Nameless, the dam of Fishwife. Virgin Martyr, or St. Aldegonde, would be a good name for the first, and Auonyma for the last. Enid has returned to Rockhampton in company with Citadel. Southpirb Club are petitioning the Gov rnment either to grant them £1000 in lieu of the pre3eut racecourse lands, or to sell the present lan is, and haud the club the money to buy another bio -k on Bundall Estat j. The coarse ia use is vr»ry poor, and. with au expenditur j of £200 or si, the Bwndall block could be made into a re il good race track, etc. I have received a letter from Mr. E. Monahan, which want of space debars me from giving in full. I can only reiterate what I have said before, that Mr. Munahan appears to have been very unfairly treated in the Fiction case at Townsville, and I have come to this concision from a careful perusal of the Northern papers, and al>o after lie iriusf ai ex parte state ment on the case. It is very certain that the secretary was consulted as to the scratching .of Fiction, and that he gave answer that the horse could stop in till the morning. He, however, cl anued bis mind later on, giving as a plea that " he had not looked up the rules." Such an important rule as No. 94 should hardly require looking up. but thev do things their ow • way in th-i North. It appears also from Mr. Moaahan's letter that a certain influential member had taken the wager, Fiction and Menelaus. This needs no comment, neither does the fact that two of the committee, who were on the ground, were not notified of the committee meeting. As to the Charters Towers affair, the whole thing appears mixed, a motion was moved and seconded at one meeting, and yet, at the next, a " no child of mine" game was played, the reported mover objecting to father it. 