[?] [?] We' werea rough set of miners i;n Our far-off mi nirWg camp, when Reth Brainhftifd. caine sim-ong us=,. bringing with Mm his- pretty daughter^ Mefov, iyho Was bul. eighteen,, and seemed to ^elong t6r a different ja'ce or stamp ol women1 to the- fe\v whto wterfe with; us as wives arid' s.weetheartst ? Her tather — a' man-, ntfw broken in health and spirits — Iva'd joined our little band nV o,ufe last hope to retrieve his shattered fortunes,:, and had brought his'dau-'gfoter \\\ifih him because she was motberlessVa!nd because there was iio one in whose care- he' could l-bav¥ her. . We were, as I have said, a rough lot of fellows enough ; but there- was not one among us- who did not doff Ms hat as M'eta Bra'i!n!hard passed. To' most of us the'srght of her was1 a memory and a hope— a memory of a far-off past, when' we .had, perhap'sT, lived different lives. The hope of a distant futu're,- when, our precious nuggets gained, we might leave this life, and live that;- 'past over again. This, I say, she. was to most of us. To two of our number she was more. It wa,s-easy to see that Percy Graham and John Fa'rding had laid their nva.rts at her feet. The two had been sworn friends once; now they rarely' \\\\\ei or spoke, and hoi a few am'ony us p'ropliesied that hot blood would follow. Percy was the ha'nd's'orrier man of the two, a gentleina n'nererl fel lo ;v, \vel I calculate! to win a girl's heart. John1' wets stern and silent; a iran who said1 little. It was wo II- nigh: impossible to tell which one of the two,: Mela favoured, until Percy fell ill, atnet lor days his life.\vas tlespaii-ed- of: He called lipon little iilse, p-Vi o r fell o\v\ ih'ari her n d in e in his fleliriifiB- UutU ihe.y bro light her to his bed.-viiiej a'fiil her presence quieted him £ind he slcp'i f lie sleep which tided over ?jhe crisis of {ho disease and saved his V\t\:. A.lT.cr his recovery she allowed jiiai to iiniioiiiiL'O the Fact that she was* ]W,s boli'othed wile. Weal! lilted the young follow, and many an earnest hand-clasp ;ind a (-Tori-spix-d he receiv ed as £ho lucky winner of t-iicli a prife. Even John Harding came up to him, with some new linos of suffering about liis mouth, but a softened look in his gray eyes, and daliad that the enmity between them tnig'ht be forgotten. Percy was too noble a fellow himself iiot to appreciate so generous and frank an offering from one whosb mis ery made his happiness ; arid, as he wrung his old friend's* Hand, he ac knowledged, in broken' tones, that he Ltd thus added the hist drop to fl-.l to overflowing his cup of joy. /The lovers were inseparable after this ; and, as though Dauie Fortune 'determined for once to help along the ^ause of true love, Percy awoke one morning to find himself before night fall a rich man. He had discovered a layer of gold 5n his claim. There was* no reason how for delayiiig the marriage, and the day was set. It was to be a grand festival in our cam1 p. Only one a inong us did not wear a smiling face. After that one friendly overture on 'John Hardiug's part, he1 seemed tc t»hrink more and more in himself, '''shutting himself lip alone in his tent 'or going for long, lonely walks, when we generally gathered about the camp- fire. One day — it was the third before that fixed for the Wedding — Percy jisked to aeco.mpany him. Harding denied him at first, brusquely 3 then as though ashamed of his irritability at such a time, wit ti . some show o1 cordiality, assented. It was midnight wherl Harding re turned to camp — alone. A frien'd chancing to meet him, asked \vherc was Percy. They had been attacked by natives Harding said. Percy had been takei prisoner, while he had escaped. The men looked incredulously intc each others faces as they heard th« story ; but it was Meta who first pii the horrible, doubt latent in everj man's breast into words. : ' My Percy , is dead,' she cried, | 'and John; Harding' is his' murderer!' ? 8bm& one' told himV without soften' ; ing,, what she hajd' said.. His face . grew asheii ;? but be' turned away from1 i.his tormentor i.i silence'!, ! Poor Percy's' claim lay neglected. ?It vises i'ifhe' custom -when one of our I number died to cast lots for his claim, ior to divide it a'mong us. But over i Percy's fate hu'ug an air of mystery, ;a'nd u'o one dared a'ught which \vould Ibriing his death1 nearer to us. Day by I day Meta's cheek paled, as she wou'ld ? watch from her window, in; the vain ihope that she might see the straight, I young .form, and bright/ h'a'ndsome iface, without which life' was to her full of darkness. i 'I know th'a£ he is dead,' she would sa'y, ' and yet I wait for him to come.' i John Harding's hair grew white in ( three weeks, and he had aged ten ' years. : Oite day, at about the same time ,thaft Percy ha.d waved her his ' good bye,' she had gone for a little walk, when for tlje -first time since' his dis appearance, ' she met John Harding face to face: ! The sun was going to his kiiigly rest as though dyed in bloody casting its red reflection ifp'ori every earthly object touched by its rays. She' pointed to it. I- 'See!' she said, 'it is the hand of ; God denouncing Percy's murderer.' Then her voice changed to a pit eous .wail..: She clung with both hands to his arm. ? ; 'Tell me,' she implored, 'why did you kill him ? Wna't had lie don© to you?' ..-, _ ...??-..,. For the first time since he bad been suspected by us all, his face .softened. 'You wrong me, Meta,' he said, very gently, 'I told you1 only the truth. We were attacked by natives. Percy was taken prisoner, and I es caped. I tried hard to save him. It was impossible. I would gladly have stayed to suffer with him, but that I thought it best to' tell you the truth ; ?noV until I entered the camp did it occur to me that my story might be mistrusted. Percy and I had been almost enemies, but we had changed all that. Meta will yoio not believe me?' She burst into bitter weeping then, dud went on her way. The nest inor'riing John Harding was not in his accustomed place, nor was he anywhere to be found. The men took his disappearance as an ad dud evidence of his guilt. Strange to ?? say, Meta's was now the 'one dissent ing voice. ! 'There was truth' in his words to nn1; He did not kill Percy. He has goi.e to find him ' ' fdor girl ! AVe shook our heads i among ourselves at the-vyay iu which ! she clu'rif to hope, and the strange \ belief she now expressed in the man whom, in our hearts, we all denounc ed as Percy's murderer. Another i week dragged slowly by ; aii air' of 1 desolation, and gloom hung over the . canip ? \Vhen one night, as we gather 1 ed as usual about the fires, strangely ? silent, I started, as, coming towards . us out of the gloom, my old supersti 1 tioiis fancy conjured up the ghost of 1 the boy whom we all had loved ; but , in another moment his ghostl/ grip , was dii my shoulder with verj flesh 1 and blood . reality, as Percy Graham 5 stood before us, a little paler, a little thinner, but otherwise unchanged. i How we clustered about him ! But, John Harding ! Where was j he ? Some one told Percy the cruel , doubt we all had had. The bright r look vanished from his face, his voice E trembled. ' He had the noblest soul God ever \- made,' he answered. ' We had had , it all out, that night as we walked 3 atone together under the stars; He had told me how lie had loved the , girl I was to wed, and what a bitter 1 struggle he had had with 'himself to conquer it. ) 'I shall love her to my grave, 3 Percy,' he said, 'but I have now foiind t room in my heart for -you both, and f , my love can now do your wife no harm.' ' It was at that moment that we were surrounded by a' small baud of natives a See that Meta knows,' I shouted as I saw that I must surrender hope. I learned afterwards that he had es caped. I knew that he would bear my message. How it was received, you all know. My captors determined not to kill me. My death' could occur at any future time.' Three days 1 go one of the wom^u put a note into my hand. '' Be l'eady at nightfall,' was all its message. To' me it was enough. In s'ome way the writer had made the woman his friend. ?'' I was unbound, s'j- I was all ready for my dash for freedom.- At six o''clock I recognised a whistle I knew well. 1 asked and received pErmission to bring some water from the spring, ; .and started on my errand,* scarce a stone's throw from the camp. As I bent at the spring I heard a horse's I neigh'. In the thicket at my side was a mounted horseman. How it all happened I can' scarce' tell youy but in ; another moment I, too, had sprung on his saddle', and we were off like the 1 wind. It was a brave, o noble act, but sank into nothingness compared with what followed. With a shrill ' cry my captors swung themselves on their swift ponies and were on our t track. i ' Our horse, with his double weight, ; could not distance them. Inevitable eapttire and death must follow. John saw the danger, and ere I could defeat his intention,- he had thrown me the : rfiinsTasd si d to the ground. I /' See that Meta knows,-' he cried, giving me my own message to her, but with a strdnge exultation in his voice. ie The next moment I saw him fall, pierced with arrows.-' Percy stopped and covered his face shu'dderingly with his hand, while a tear stood in every mans' eye, many 1 of which had known no moisture in long years. It was as ^hdu'gH an angel had un 1 awares stood at our very door, and we 1 had driven him away. There was' a very -juiet we'dding, i after all ; but when, in the years that ; followed, a little, noisy prattler was ? everybody's pet, we loved him the 1 more dearly, not only as Meta's child, but because he' bore the name, ' John '? Harding Graham:' 