LOTTIE'S LETTER TO HEB SISTERS, AND MBB COUSINS, ANO BBB AUNTS. LONDON« Juno lotti. DUB PIKAFOEIS,-There it a pedeet Juron for akirta of ahot-»triped silk, nude np with pinked ont flonnoaa. It ia impossible to set them without concluding that the ahopa have turned ont aome very old stock, sad are finding it profitable after many days. There is a perfect plethora of cottons ; they never were so various, so pretty, or so cheap. The bonnets get continually smaller and prettier, and whenever you see a woman wearing one that is io the least outré yon may make sure that she is not in society, and does not know how to dress. Some very beautiful blaok brodie and satin gowns are trimmed with very light-looking black lace over white satin, and beyond that at the neck and bosom and sleeves have olose set pleated frills of blaok tulle, so that the trimming is directly between two blacks. This is a notion which many ladies will be able to carry ont for themselves. With the tan shoes I have recently men- tioned, tan stockings and gloves are worn, and the toilette must either match or be of a pretty, harmonious brown, or perhaps black with tao revere ; something, in fact that " goes " rather than contrasts. Lace scarves are being worn round the shoulders in Paria, as they bave been everywhere about twice during the last fifty years. English ladies seem to prefer them of lace, such as real Chantilly or the new Limerick lace in Brussels patterns ; and they tie them round the neck and then bunch them up with fancy pins down the front of the dress, and allow them to hang to the bottom of the skirt. Many of us have old laos scarves tbat nan be utilised in this manner, or lengths of wide laos which can be neatly run together, the foot or selvedge meeting m the middle, and have a very good effect. Only the lace must not be Spanish, for if there ls one thing that has gone more out of fashion than another it ¡B Spanish lace. I have seen scarf lace this last week at three farthings a yard that used to be a shilling. Yesterday I saw something quite new in tea gowns made by one of the ladiea who have set-up shop- keeping. It is a specimen of that "new world which ia the old," for in shape it is neither more nor lesi than the aboya, a gown which has been worn in changeless Egypt ever since it has been a nation. It is ex- tremely wide, and both front and back are made of one very broad width, and it is slipped on over the head. The steeves are cut and put in in such a way that the waist belt or girdle oan be put through them, coming over the gown in front and under it behind. This gathers together and confines the folds at the waist in front, but leaves them flowing from the neck behind. The one I saw was in pale blue brocade, with a ruche of cream lace round the throat and hem, and was fastened by a waistband of cream silk with a silver clasp. Of course it was a rich woman's dress, and a fantastic one at that, but I could see possibilities In it for humbler people. Cut in tussore or any other soft silk and the sleeves edged with lace it would make a deliciously cool home evening dress, over or even without a plain skirt, but the very best thing under it would be a nain- sook Princesa petticoat without sleeves and with such lace and embroidery round the bottom as skirts .of this kind usually have. Made of white striped or figured muslinette, the abaya would be a perfect summer dressing or morning gown. Laundresses will bless the woman who sets this latter fashion, for the garment irons out perfectly plain with scarcely the ghost of a gathering, and must never be made "as stiff as a board." Some of the new hats are absolutely crown less, though the lane is brought over the top so as to conceal the fact. No doubt the head is thereby abundantly well ventilated, but what about protection from the sun ? Ladies who wear their hair coiled up on the top of the head find that ample protection, but the latest idea ia that in conformity wifh the fashion of dress we are adopting from the early part of the present century We are to wear our hair on our necks in soft long oorla. They form a sweet tramo for the face and conceal the ravages of time on the nape of the neck, but they are ruination to dresses and leave the head in want of some substantial shield between lt and the fierce downpouring rays of a summer sun. Extremely. sensible for little children are the drawn sun bonn-ts, such as country women used to wear almost everywhere, and especially in the West of England. The long poke prevents their complexions from burning or bro#ning, and the curtain protects the neck from the sun, a verv delicate part, and one which per- sons exposed to the heat often protect by the ends of a jmgnrne or even by the simpler ex- pedient of letting a pocket handkerchief hang down from under the hat. Gauntlet gloves are much worn, and all the gauntlets I have seen are so made that when you have worn out the glove belonging to them yon can substitute a shorter pair. Gloves with not more than two or three bat- tons are often to be bought at very moderate prices, so this ia a decidedly economical fashion. On Tuesday I met a party of genial Ameri- cana all bound to the Gaiety Theatre to aee the Daly Company play " The Taming of the Shrew," as they played it at New York to : crowded houses for over a hundred nights. My friends returned declaring that David Garriok's interpretation of the play could never show its diminished head again, and full of admiration for Miss Ada Rehao as a tall stately splendid Katherine, not a vixen, but a greet lady with a violent but not ig- noble, temper. Mr. lohn Drew was Petruchio, and acted up to her splendidly, by no means an easy matter. Quite a delightful surprise was a banquet in the garden of sn Italian palace in the last act, amid most exquisitely painted sceoery, while a choir of quaintly dressed boy« and girls sang the well-known i song " Should he Upbraid. These were the | strong pointe of 'he piece, for everyone eaid that the minor character* und less important scenes dragged and were unequal. Mr. Walter Frith, a son of the well-known arti-tof "Derby Day" renown, brought out his long talked of play, "In the Old time," this afternoon at Kt Jame-'e Theatre. The andieoce was large md fashionable, as might be expected, and the play exhibited the greatest possible amount of variety, so muoh so as to strain the v. ry thin thread of a story to its utmost. Mr. Walter Frith bas evidently read Mrs. Inchbuld's "Simple Story." and , liss allied i s lending idea of a puardian in love with his ward and ric «nra with an ab ludion on 'lie Do>er-rnail in the old conching dayR, tile Jacobin Club in Berwick street, -olio, and the prison of the Concier- gerie in Pari-« dnring the French Revolution. This is tnking Ictps and bounds with a ven- geance E. e.n Dick Turp-n ¡B personated in a cornie Bort of way, und though he does not ride Black Ress, he talks about ber. The heroine was played hy Miss Bi-atrlce Lamb, a young actress of decided promise, and eu- j «lowed by nature with a fair share of besnty. A very remarkable American lady is among us ut the present time. She is Mrs. Frank Leslie, the head of a large polyglot publishing house in New York, which devotes itself principally to newspapers and magazines. Her hueband, M ho hns now been dead for Rome yeiirs. held a reepnusible position in the pictorial department of the Illustrated London Snrn, and poing ont to the States started the first illustrated paper in the New World. He married a» his second wife a beautiful young Spani-h A" « rican, »nd when he died, over- weighted by thc pressure of a business that had proved too much for him, his widow took thc reins and, hy dint of infinite pluck, per- severance, and downright capacity for hard work, pulled the husmee- out of deep waters, and made it a splendid Buccess. She dele- gates her authority to no one, but attends to every de'ail herself, and her one holiday is an annual six weeks in London during the season, sometimes supplemented by a trip to Paris or Madrid. She is still beautiful and sympathetic, and lt does one good to know and see what n woman can do without sur- rendering one iota of her womanliness. I dont knew whether yon considered that I gave yon too Doeh cooker; lut week, bat I liney TDD mut all be altnated sometime* M I have Men jut lately with a tablet al' of Kneen, who ¿re a good deal of thought to I their digestions. Batter, or to me the ! words, " fat that bas undergone the action of ! fire," ta an abomination to one ; several I abjure pastry in toto, and even milk paddings are not universally popular. I was almost In despair whsn a citizen of the world suggested to me a couple of " Tutti-frutti " dishes that proved invaluable. These are the in- gredients :-Soak a little gelatine in cold water all night-say, the quantity contained in one of Nelson's packets in the well- known jelly boxes in half a pint of water, and in the morning add the juice of three lemons, sugar to taste, and as much boiling water as will allow the mixture to become a stiff jelly when cold. Put it in a jug, and when satisfied that it is quite stiff, melt it again so as to be able to pour it out. Put a little into a mould and then a layer of sliced bananas, another of gelatine, and after it a layer of sliced oranges cut in halves, then more gelatine, a good sprinkling of cocoanut, and finally, if the mould will hold it, a mixed layer of oranges and bananas before finally filling np witb jelly. For a change I took a large glass dish, and first sliced six oranaeB into it, adding a little pounded sugar. I then added six bananas out in slices, a tin of pine- apple, reserving some cf the juice, more sugar, as many strawberries as the gardener could find me-something over a pint and less than a quart, and from planta which had already yielded their best-and I covered all over with grated cocoanut that looked not unlike cream. The success was great, and when ordinary bush fruits come in I mean to ring the changeB in similar dishes. Yours ever. LOTTIE. I 