| CARDINAL MO RAN AND HIS j C-LEUGY. PRESENTATION OF ADDRESS AND TESTIMONIAL, j ieany iuo pnesis attended the mocesan Synod held at St. Mary's on, Wednesday, and \ at the conclusion of the proceeding.;, which we , are given to imdi'r.ua:;'.! were purely ecclesias- J tica: in character, the v\hole of the cleric.5 on I v .uui.i,u j.'jian s i:.vi;:iuon urucucutiu w 1 Manly, whuie tho Cardinal had arranged an i entertainment in the form of a luncheon as a ; private celebration of the completion ot the j new ecch'-daTtical seminary bearing the name j of »S'. Patrick, and on the erection of which, it is believed, nearly £7J,0'J0 has been expended, i When the Juneh was orcr the Cardinal hlciacd , a statau of S:. Patrick in one of the halls, and j U'.ca a presentation ro his Eminence from the j clergy took place. The Very Rov, Dr. Carroll, ; "Wear- General, read the following address: — | . 'iiiu Ai»i»ni:.-.s. V.Y, i;;e r'.orp;.' of the ur',,!i.:iu.,i:."!«\ having co.t.r to ; '-vi-b yo.:r L.iiiiicij-o t oil voj-ui;-;, bti.'oro cettiti tr out ori your viii: lu ilumc, ciewrn iiiii a littint' occasiou for tivm,: UZ. region ;u ttu o.' c..-toej;i. venora- | Ilvrr tinrt: yv.tr instaiiaciit in thH the yur-nt fee ' of A : a, .1 .:ca to tu a igiircc of great I u-HihMti.iti, . .ur.io'i-ua'ii: and bauphK-s lo r«-eok- iii - ni ytJ,.r jiir.ujRijco the nualiliej that .slif.il : «li#- tiiifc,'::.-.-. t;.f -lorhij: lu:he£ti;e viihutt pastor, the iiiutr:.»us i-rclute. Teader sietune io r the orphan, tho destitute act tho hilirm; labor: v:s ar.d trultful eilortsdn providinif for tho bo.s: (-.Licatloa c£ youth; Uu;.;:;:!i::ul urrfcitgoruuutJ to ;-t-cuie au amp:.- supulvof i-eiiirious teaehers and tuiioua.-icr.!; and wis;. kvHlath.n in extcmlsng caaonieal rights to th>; oU-ryy, In.vo won euradminiHon ar.il applaufe. cor.H.'i nnlit;: rc.-j-i' :t and .ii.'loolHo by exalted virtue, solid loaniiug, and por.n.is.vo .-loquenyL'. dhplu.td, in thoir day, an heroic constancy and an npoit .lie zeal that I them to triumph c\er uhitAclca (htnn.tniy <p I i!n;irnmunt;.Lde v.hilo t 'icv to estai'li-ii ami .-r<'.«erve, In lands eo far from il.e c'-n::c of faith aud uuitv, the lle#sinpr of o-;r bo.v r-.-:;.;ioia lint the adveut'oi your L:u::i« uc» marks an ep.-cii in th" hDt«wj ov our national church when itla: rapid growth of jiopt:'.a;ioti iiiadc litiil abiiitv of h.-v rulers How gratifying. tJufii.'to r'a'.i-o that I rod h-ii fiulov.-cl your Liniiiomv with wis.iojn. cz:pr:i:'-ft..-, ,if the tiiiui ! Wht-n yt. n Luc-: in ho:r.a.;c before tin; Yici'.r of Ghrist. tho chic' pastor of b«ai:j, you will i.Jl'ect ionat a! v rcaiombL-r the biiL-ep o I your f I Wc reqncit your liinim.-iice to tay that, wnllo wo imito witli tho ulioic s'hnrcii iu thankf'viiq,' lor j triumph he hs. m-hieied over tin! Dnorn'les of Gol'umi j tbe holy we would alj-\ with filial re?t rt-ncu and ; h»ve. tcudur him our tribute of heartfelt sympathy iu :iQ'l iibcrty which tie calmly .ilid majnit. caHy siidiuiua Be p:>M3'!ii to accept the ifitt v,c "'bee' leave; to prc-.eut to your Luiinencc. It is but a feeble expres sion vl nur uttachnient. W® shall fiequently jiray h'r in pomv, safety and jov the ilcek, "wherein tho Holy Ghost liath placed you to rule the Cht.rch of God." An 1 now, at- pariin.;, wo crave your j.xternul bicBuny. J'lay for i:s at the tuiub.s of tLo Apostles, r.r.d obtain the Apostolic Benediction ot Use Ho'.v l ai.ier fur ids and your devoted chiMr«n— the prints o: your ai'eh- iicc.e. xijucd ou beliaif of the clergy, — I. J. t'AUUnU , V.G. The renJin;; of the ndtire.is was followed br hearty- nnpluuse, xvhieh u hx renewed when Dr. Morun w.u hnndc-.l cheque for £4o0 — the amount of the money tasiimcuial aubscribsd by ihe clergy. i iir. cardisai/S nr.i'i.v. . Tho Cauoivai, said: — \urv Jlevcreim atid Eeveref.d Faiher. — H i< truly giatifying lu me to r-.-.cive '.ho address so full of cordial sym pathy :u:u affection which you have presented, aud 1. best you to accept my thanks for the gift with whleij yon have been pleased to accompany it. It is an old rule of nnue, and I trust that nothing ahull ever induce mo to deviate from it, to devote everything that I receive, no matter frotu what source it comes, to encourage the various works of education, religion and charity with which this great diocese abounds — (great applause) — and I pray you to be assured that the gift which yoa have to-day presented shall not bo otherwise disposed of. (Continued applause.) Looking back upon the pa3i few years, we can not hut lift up our hearts in thanksgiving to the iuspirer of nil that is good, in that the interests of religion have been faithfully attended to, the education of the children lias not been overlooked, missions awakening the fervor of Christian piety have been celebrated iu almost every district ; in that, in a word, a great deal of good h:;3 bceu done and many noble institutions have sprang into life to ulle- viato the sorrows of the poor, the sick and the dying and to spread around on every side the choicest blowings and consolation. of genuine charity, (Applause.) AU this is a lasting I monument of vourdevoteu zeal, of yourearnenu i ne.is in upholding the Kacred upusc of reKciou j and of your iiuvarying vigilance iu watehiug | over the spiritual interests of those entrusted to your care. Hut, furthermore, it is cheering and cousoling under another aspect. A bishop without his priests i3 like a harp without its golden strings, and hence, when wc see that the works of religion have taken root and flourish and produce abundant fruit, £we cannot fail to recognise that the bishop, the clergy and the generous laity are of one heart and one soul — (" hear, hear ") — and that they cordially co- operate to advance tho interests of piety, for, after the blessing of God, it is on Eucli cordial union aud co-operation that all our hopes of genuine religious progress must rest. (Appiar.se.) The pioneer of Dm Faith in these vast colonics had many difficulties to con tend against. They were beset with hostility on every side, aud it was amidst tears nu'd humiliations which are without a parallel in the history of modern times that the solid foundations of the Australian Church were laid. (Applause.) Most of these difficulties have been ere thia overcome, and wc have reason to rejoice that the Catholics of these colonies now enjoy the blessings of religious freedom. Ir. is gratifying too to record that not a few of those who are separated from us in religious eom- muuion coutiime to chow earnest sympathy, and prove thoinselvc3 generous and devoted friends in aiding anu promoting our works of charity. ("Hear, hoar.") It will bo a duty 'to pray that every blessing may be their recompense, and it shall be our aim to correspond to suoh kindness by promo ting peace and concord, and developing by every means in our power those charitable institution-; which extend their benevolence to all, and through which the kuowlodgo and the love of God are oftentimes brought home to the hearts of those who know not the teachings of Diviuo truth. (Applause.) It is to be re gretted that outside the Catholic communion the prevailing spirit of the age throughout Australia h indifference to all religion. Our own experience would suffice to convince us of this, but'it has been of late again aud again attested in their public utterances by the heads of the various Protestant denominations. Vv'e must endeavor to preserve our flocks from the contagiou oi this indifference by keeping alive in their heart:! the love of our blessed Lord, and by constantly reminding them of the condol ing truths which Ho teaches through His holy church. (Applause.) This fair land, favored aud privileged by nature in no many ways, pre sents manifold opportunities and theatres of distraction aud dissipation in which the bear: is too easily leu away from the paths of pen ance and from fhe cross of our Hlcsaed Lord. To remedy this, wc must impress upon our people those lessons of temperance nnd piety which religion commands, that they may per- scveringly walk in the presence of God and prove themselves the children of His chosen in heritance. It was to promote those ends and at the samo time to impart to our Australian church the strength and vigor of ecclesiastical discipline that the Plenary Council at the cIobo of IdSo was held iu our Cathedral. It was au august assembly which gave glory to God and wliieh shall never bo forgotten in the Austra lian church. Several new provinces and dioceses were erected and it was my privilege to impart tho episcopal consecration to xnot of those new prelates ; men with whose names we were all familiar, who had borne the burden of the day auiougst us, and whose zeal and piety were «, theme of praise among their devoted Jocko. The Diocesan Synod which we celebrated lo-uay has been in a certain sense the crowning act of that august council, promulgating with due solemnity its decrees from which we may justly hope for tho happiest results affecting the religious interests of Australia. (Applause). Tho ceremony of the blessing of the statue of St.. Patrick, at which wc have just assisted, re minds U3 that our diocesau seminary is at length completed. (Applause.) The seminary may be said to be the heart of the diocese, the centre whence its life and its hopes proceed. But the advantages of this seminary will not be restricted to this dioccae ; other, bishops also desire to send their students hither, and I trust that in a few years man/ youthful Levi tea shall go forth from these hallowed walls to per petuate the 'sacred work iu which wc are engaged— (' hear, hear")— and to bring the streams of the mercy of God to.tbc remotest districts of Australia. In religious retire ment ou tliis holy mount the ecclesiastical students will devote theui&clvcs; to acquire the sanctity and learniug which shall make them ornaments of the sauctnary, aud after patient years of prayer and study they shall go forth to break the bread of life to the children of tho church, to give proof of piety and zeal in the ministry and to win spula to Christ. Nor shall their labors, I trust, be confined even to this continent. Tho gift of Christian life brings with it the duty and responsibility ot imparting its blessings to those who. are, as. yet in tho shadow of death, aud I need scared) remind you that above most other nations of Christ endom the Apostle of our Celtic race has iu past ages quickened a faithful responso to this im portant duty in the hearts of our fathers in the faith. (Applause.) Almost at our doors thcro are nations populous, thrifty, intel ligent, skilled in many handicrafts beyond European peoples, but hitherto shutting oat by lusnperablo barriers the advance of Cbri&tiau; civilisation. So long as these nations were removed twelve thousaud miles from the great centres of civilisation such a state of things might indeed continue, but with a natiou full of energy and life almost at their doors such barriers must soon be removed, and I trust that one of the fruits of Australia's faith shall be the spreading of the Ut of truth through out those vast countries aud the gathering of those uutious into the o&c; saving fold. (Ap- plause.) Many of the island of the Pacific I also await evangelical laborer. 1 have_ no j doubt that many students of St. I'airick's j Semiuarv, animated by the zeal of Fere Chanel, j the proto-martyr of tbe southern world— ("hear, i hear") — shall folluw in hi footsteps and ; perhaps, like him, merit the martyj's crown, j (Applause.; Whtu. three years ago, L ; paid a short visit to Ireland, it was ! iny hope that when again 1 would look j upon her groju hill. 1 would find them lit j i up with joy and freedom, that the long era ol i her sufferings wonid have been closed, and that j I tho consolation:; and bh.-iuga of peace aud I j prosperity wouid have smiled upon her. 1 fear j i ihaf. in this I shall he uLappointc-J, for the j | jut'tu of justice which by so many titles is di:o : ' continue15 io bo denied to her. I. am conhdcnt I ' that I faithfully echo your r-enlimcnt and ex- j j pre5. your wishes when I say that we uro full ' of admiration ar.d cordial sympathy for the | heroism of patriotism of which ireiand's sons I give every day abundant, proof — (applause) — j and that from our inmost soul we pray a | blueing upon their aspi:atio:uj for genuine i nationality — loyal aspir.iiionn on which the whole civilised world has set the teal of its j approval. (Applause.) "When in a few weeks i 1 shall Irnec-l at the feet of the Vicar of Christ iu Rome I Ehail assure him that the clergy and people of thin diocese do not yield to any church in Christendom ia the earnestness of their affection and devotion and iu their love for those golden heavenly boutia that link their hearts with Rome : and I will tell hiur of the filial piety and rejoicing with which all the Catholics throughout Australia celebrated his jubilee feast. I will ask him to bosiow a special Iffcsffng upon 3011 and upon your devoted flocks, and upon the whole of this Australian land, that the church in these vast colonics, though the youngest of the churches of Chrisiendom, may grow iu strength and grace and may .spread around it ou every side the blessings of Christiau charity and Christian j : life, that by tuis fruitfulnes? in piety and virtue j we may correspond to the love and mercy of j our blessed Lord, the Eternal Shepherd of our souls. (Applause.) Aridrcr-Fmg the assembled clergy after hi formal icply. Cardinal Moran stated that his visit to r'he i'ope was au act of duty which he could not escape, and he gave his arruraiice lie would return to Sydney immediately his business iu Rome wax cuneiudod. 