CHARLES DARWIN.* FIRST ARTICLE. In these days, when science takes the first place among human attainments, and when the great characteristic of human intellect, that it looks before and after, is found especially active in scientific lines, Charles Darwin, who united with the acuteness and the patience of an observer of natural phenomena the boldest gene- ralizations as to their causes and their sequences, is acknowledged all over the world to hold the highest rank. Even those who hesitate to accept his theory in its entirety acknowledge the admirable marshalling of his facts, and this biography will impress all readers with the enter- prise, the industry, and the perseverance with which all his experiments were under- taken, watched, and verified. The innate modesty of the man, not only at the out- set of his career, but after he had been acknowledged as the foremost man of the day, his freedom from all petty jealousy of his brethren of the scientific world, his openness to adverse criticism, which he seemed not to feel personally, but only as it might affect the reception of new truth, make the reader love as well as admire the man. He was as amiable in his family and domestic life, and as faithful in his friend- ships, as he was conscientious in his work, and in spite of extremely delicate health, which often stopped him short for weeks and months at a time, he lived a long life, a happy life, and a life which shows splendid results. We recollect at the time when we read the "Origin of Species" and the charming "Naturalist's Voyage Round the World," which was in the same year, tracing his descent through his father from Erasmus Darwin, a philosopher and old-fashioned poet of the last century, and through his mother from Josiah Wedgwood, who made of our English potteries a field for the fine arts, and employed Flaxman on classic designs. The boy born in 1809 came of a first-rate stock intellectually and morally. His physical health seems to have been originally good. When on the Beagle for five years he under- went some hardships, and often great fatigue, and as he was looked on as about the strongest of the exploring party he was sent with one other man to fetch water for a large party of officers and sailors utterly prostrated with fatigue and thirst. The voyage was taken under Captain Fitzroy, afterwards Sir Charles Fitzroy, Governor of New Zealand. It was on a previous voyage that this gallant but irascible commander had surveyed our North Australian coast, and the river Fitzroy will keep his name in perpetual remembrance. The noble basin which will hereafter be the harbour for a vast commerce between the Northern Territory and Eastern Asia takes its name of Fort Darwin from the young man fresh from Cambridge who went at his own charges, or rather at those of his father, as naturalist to the succeeding expedition. The clever, successful Shrewsbury doctor, Robert Waring Darwin, wished his son to follow the medical profession, but he could not stand the eight of operations in those pre-chloroform days. He then suggested the Church to his son, but though at that time Charles was an orthodox member of the Church of England he did not feel as if he was in- wardly moved by the Holy Ghost to take these sacred duties on his soul, and would not profess that he was. The offer of going as naturalist all round the world was tempting to a young man whose tastes lay that way rather than in scholar- ship, for he got through his school work only fairly well, and had great difficulty in learning languages. He, however, managed to take his degree, a respectable one, by dint of industry. The voyage in the Beagle, which he considers the most powerful influence on his after life, as confirming and directing his innate taste for natural history, could not have been undertaken if his father had not been rich enough and liberal enough to bear all his expenses during the time. The young man was not extravagant, but these five years, which the shrewd physician feared would be wasted and might unfit him for practical life, must have cost as much as the education for a money-making pro- fession. However, it appeared that the Shrewsbury practice and the excellent investments of his savings enabled Robert Darwin to provide for his family hand- somely. Charles Darwin married in 1839, a little more than two years after his return to England, in his 30th year, his cousin-german Emma Wedgwood, and after three years in London settled down in Kent for the rest of his life. His marriage was eminently a happy one. He had none of that struggle for existence of which he writes so forcibly. He never had to work for his living or for that of his children. He rejoiced in the money he received for his works, as he feared he might bequeath to his children a delicate constitution, and thus handicap them in the ordinary bread-winning careers. We see no trace of remorse on his part for marrying so near a relative, though in the organic world he observed that cross- fertilization was always in favour of the progeny. In the year 1839 the prejudice against cousins marrying was only in its infancy among Protestants. Mr. Francis Darwin says:—"If the character of my father's working life is to be understood, the conditions of ill- health under which he worked must be borne in mind. He bore his illness with such uncomplaining patience that even his children, who saw him always full of pleasure in what pleased them, could hardly realize the extent of his habitual suffering.... No one, indeed, except my mother, knows the full amount of suffering he endured, or the full amount of his wonderful patience. For all the latter years of his life she never left him for a night, and her days were so planned that all his resting hours might be shared with her. She shielded him from every possible annoyance, and omitted nothing that might save him trouble or prevent him from being overtired, or that might alleviate the many discomforts of his ill- health. I hesitate to speak thus freely of a thing so sacred as the life-long devotion which prompted all this constant and tender care. But it is, I repeat, a prin- cipal feature of his life that for nearly forty years he never knew one day of the health of ordinary men, and that thus his life was one long struggle against the weariness and strain of sickness. And this cannot be told without speaking of the one condition which enabled him to bear the strain and fight out the straggle to the end." The work which Charles Darwin gave to the world was done chiefly is the healthful open air. No book of his but represents, as well as the time spent in the writing and revision, always more or less of task work, many more hours face to face with nature. Always trying ex- periments, and especially fond of difficult ones, when the chances were a thousand to one against success; always observing the plants and animals, and especially the humbler and more minute species; it is to his regular walks, taken in all weathers,and full of intellectual interest that he owed the measure of health he maintained. With regard to reading and writing, Mrs. Darwin acted as his amenuensis for most of his correspondence, and the news- paper and books of pure science were all that he read for himself. History, travels, biography, and novels were always read aloud to him during his rest time. He was extremely fond of novels. He took a vivid interest in plot and character, and would on no account know beforehand how a story finished. Look- ing at the end he considered a feminine *"The Life and Letters of Charles Dar- win," including an Autobiographical Chapter. Edited by his son, Francis Darwin. In three volumes. vice. Yet he enjoyed those of which he knew the end in a legitimate way, for he never tired of his old favourites. Walter Scott, Miss Austen, and Mrs. Gaakell were read and re-read till they could be read no more. His love of all living creatures made the question of vivi- section a hard one for him, but he believed that so much benefit for man hadbeen gained through experiment on the lower animal that he could not join Miss Cobbe's party. Under limitations, and with the employment of anæsthetics, wherever the nature of the experiment allowed it, he sanctioned the practice. His chief ailment seemed to be in the digestive organs, and he was sensitive to heats and chills. We hear of frequent and severe attacks of sickness and vomit- ing, and he often went to hydropathic estab- lishments for rest and special treatment, which he said dulled his brain splendidly. As Carlyle suffered somewhat in the same way, but with less patience, and as the two men represent the opposite poles in the realms of genius it is worth while to learn what Darwin thought of the older man. "I met him once at my brother, Erasmus Darwin's, with Babbage and Lyell, both of whom liked to talk. Carlyle silenced every one by haranguing during the whole dinner on the advantages of silence. His expression was that of a depressed, desponding, yet benevolent man, and it is notorious how heartily he laughed. I be- lieve that the benevolence was real, though stained by a little jealousy. His pictures of thought and men were far more vivid than Macaulay's. Whether they were true or not is another question. He has been all-powerful in impressing some grand moral truths on the minds of men. On the other hand, his views about slavery (a subject on which Darwin felt very strongly) were revolting. In his eyes might was right. It is astonishing to me that Kingsley should have spoken of him as a man fitted to advance science. He laughed to scorn the idea that a mathematician like Whewell could judge of Goethe's theory of light, as I believe he certainly could. He thought it a most ridiculous thing that any one should care whether a glacier moved a little quicker or a little slower, or moved at all. As far aa I could judge, I never met with a man with a mind so little adapted for scientific research." 