WESLE YAUCa1T. - AcHcH ,a ..aska The anniversary of the Weleya Horam, was observed last Sonday ,- 'the: church was- admirably dec.ato i. flowers"ind set out with ottoes and shsX .texts:. The services both morningarle5 a?'. were well attended, the church beingle" on each occasion. The singing of alie chir which had been carefully trained for t occasion and much preparations enstp h beforehand, formed a special featuref the event, and the conductr, or?at n members erc to be con Orgltked upote succees of their efforts The pIeacher.., services was the Rev. A. W- Cutler ?ho .rookeforr his iimn fiffei - T Chroneles hx 14 r"'And when'they broughtolt the, "~j thatrwas brought into the hoa efo theIlwM, .Hilkiah,:the priet,founda bookof the law of the Lonl given by M?oses" He.cmnenc by narrating Judah's' lapse into id4otft and recovery, therefrom, folloed with a. historyof the finding of a "- hookef the la of the' Lord," supposed to have be the original writing depcsited in th art by Moses and the only copy of the then Wordef God in existence. A feature of the history was the fact thia priests, king, and people were zj se; only onacquainted with the contents of this book but apicar to have been unaware f its ever having had existmen. The guestt? was then asked, whatahould we lose, w would the whole world lose, if this seosc once, this calamity, the losing f the book were to be. repeated? The coasecquena were dwelt upon which would accsue frame losing fully and finally the Christ] Scriptures as they now stand; which wcas mean losing all the institations and blesaing. which have sprung fromn.their presence i, our midst This aspect, of the oestey led up to an enumeration at the va ous advantages arising fros our posc sion of the Bible, among which were i literary excellence, the knowledge of (el, a superior manual of morality, the cae.osl tions of religion, &e.;, ec. If the Bible is not a lost book is is not because. n e.erta have ever been made to blot it out of eist ence. There is a sense in which the BP~b is very much a lost book to day, if by the loss of a thing is understood not mcneely its annihilation, but the failure to ~os it, or th using it only in a listless and pc:functory manner. In the evening the text was taken fron Job xyv,' 10-" But main dieth and was*ctL away; yea, man~givetls up the ghost, and where is he.-- and the subject was into duced by an allusion to the. intense interest taken in the great question of the asc's co? dition after death. Mr. Itsler proseeda& to give a threefold answer to the qsestioa asked by the text. The inflaecceof thenan lived after him. The inevitablencsof pm.t. humous influence was dwelt n.an, and the hearers reminded that their see ch after death would be simply an eeha of the present. In this was found an argment ice a life of godliness, apart frotm zpy ErmeiaL benefits accruing from such acoanr?. Are. gards the second part of the reply it was that a man in the grave, as to his body, sea in a condition common to all, but a very different prospect awaits the bodiesof those who died in the Lord, and of those who perish in their sins. The third and fnal answer was, be is in eternity as to his sol. What little we know of the unseen wmrldi amounts ti this-that it containsesrtemee of good and evil, vast and mysterious bheped all human comprehension, sad these fre mendous possibilities are insparably s - nected with our conduct here. The annual tea meeting in comnecti?, with the eelebration of the Wesleysir anniversary will be heldL to-morrow, the 25th inst. At the public meeting whi?k will follow, addresses are expected to he delivered by the various local minoiterss and the choir will provide a very enjoyable p rtion of the entertainment, which wil also be varied with recitations, &e.; 