HATING EACH OTHER. 5T?LL Pay ,ypu , pfY yet for setting Mamma Pone up against Dick — see if I don IVlins Estelle Despard 1 " Violet Ei lie muttered, as they stood watching the whirling1 flakes of snow With gloomy eyt-s. ' Your ail ugly pld meddlesome French-woman, mid P don't believe ^ ou ever had a lover in your life, and I hope you never will have", That moment the door bell rang. , 1 Can that be Dick. I wonder T Violet ejaculated, darting to the banisters, and peeping over to see. it was a stranger—a little black-eyed parchment-faced Frenchman. H e was asking James, who did not understand a word of French, if a young lady nam ed Despard Jived there. With a swift glance around Violet ran down the stairs ' There is no young lady here o£ that name,' site told the Frenchman In his own tongue; and then added : 1 Mdlle. Despard went away long ago ' • Then she has been here f he asked anxiously. 4 Oh yes,' Violet answered, beginning to wish she had stayed upstairs. ' Do you know where alio has gone T ' NO.' ( ^ ^ The Frenchman wentjaAvay. ' She is not young,' Violet muttered' ' and she did go away once though she came back ; and I don't know where she is at this moment, so I have not told a single story.' She stood thinking a moment with a clouded face. , Then she went slowly upstairs again. ' I don't care,' she said to herself. I'm glad 1 did it. I hopei he is , souie old lover of hers, and l! should not wonder. Igjull the time she has been here no gentleman has ever called on her before, and above all a Frenchman. Now JL\1 go and tell ^her the trick I have played her.' Mrs. Hone wastp widow_ rich, ancf an jnvalid. Miss Despard was h'er hired companion, a middle-aged Frenchwoman who tad become so thoroughly ■> Angli cized, that only the el ghtest foreign ac cent remained. Violet Earle was Mrs. Hone's adopted daughter and heiress. She was too lond and proud of the pretty yvayward creature to look with favour upon the chance of lier entangling herself with a wild and somewhat dissipated, ,young fellow like Richard Lewis. S&e; was indeb.t^d for much of her knowledge of the young man's disreputable character to Miss Despard, and Violet knew and resented tpe companion's 1 interference,' as she called it. Violet Earle and Eetelle Despard had not., liked each other from the first. Violet had early adopted a fancy that !B^iss .Despard ' spied' upon her, and Miss Despard had been so unfortunate as to o\erhear one of the spoiled girl's foolish speeches about, herself, ipsyhjch she answered her destation of that ' sly old French creature,' and declared her intention of teasing Mamma Rone till she sent her away. Miss Despard was just going to her own apartment when Violet saw her, and followed her in. * Miss Despard,' she said, stopping by the door, and looking at the companion with blue defiant eyes, 1 you are always paeddling with my affairs, md I so sel dom get a chance ( to interfere with yours, that I(thought I wculd improve an opportunity which came to me this afternoon.' i; , Estelle's swallow face flushed, but she onlv compressed her lips and stood still. * ' A gentleman called, and asked if a young lady named Despard lived here.' Estelle started. ' I told liim no,' Violet went on, 1 You are not a young lady, you know, Estelle,' Miss Despard's face turned white with anger. 4 You ought to be as; amed of your self, Violet Earle. 1 shall tell Mrs. Rone what you have done.' ' But I'm not ashamed, you see \ and xwhile you are telling that you can't be talking about Dick Lewis—that's one consolation, ' Violet answered hotly. ' And, oh, I forget one thing, Estelle. The man was French—couldn't speak a word of English that anyone could Understand.' 1 h rench T screamed Miss Desjiard, Fokiiu' us if she was going' to strike the mock ng girl. ' And you' lied to him si? You told hira i whs not here? VioetE rie, you have accused' me of meddling. The next time 1 meddle you shall see it will be to some purpose. If ever I get a chance to hurt you, I will. I can Whit.' Violet was a little frightened at the woman's manner.' But she tried to conceal it, and laughing loudly and defiantly, went away. ' Who would ever have thought she had so much temper?' she thought. ' I wish I hadn't gone near the French man.' Some weeks went by. Miss Despard had not] fulfilled her threat as telling Mrs Rone. Rut there was a look in her black eyes sometimes tha't^made violet shiver, and repeat to herself: ' I wish I had never seen her or her Frenchman.' -r Richard Lewis hadrjArae back to the Ci% .« < One day a letter came for Miss Despard. Violet watched her as she opened it ' I h'ope it is from him,' she thought, ' That was the meanest tiling I ever did in my life.' Estelle read her letter in a flash as it j were. Then she turned to Violet. They were alone in the brealkfast roon1, • ' ' Listen !''fehe Jsdid; J her Mark" " face" livid, her eyes flames. 'The man you kept from me with your lie was my lover long ago, in the days when I was young, and a great deal handsomer than you are how We were too poor to marry then, and always since. But tha!t day he was here he had just come iyto a fortune, and was looking for me to tell me the good news, and make me his wife, lie could not And me, and be had gone home to France alone. I shall never see him again,^and I owe it to you.' Violet burst into tears. ' Oh, forgive me,' she said. ' I am so sorry. I have been sorry ever since I did it. Mamma Rone shall give you money enough to follow him to F ranee, or she shall write to him and tell him where you are. Won't yovi forgive iue, Miss Lespard?' ' I will never forgive you as long as I live?' hissed Estelle. ' Your Mamma Rone shall not write to him. I will not go to hira. I will stay here j till I have hurt you—till I have hurt you a& much as I'can. P Videt went to her adopted mother at last ind told her the whole story, not sparing herself, and shedding many tears. Mrs. Rone, who could not endure to see her pretty darling worried, promis ed to make all right with Estelle, and did try to jdo so. Rut it was not such an easy matter. Mr Felix Esprie Had written ori the eve of his departure, and directed to an old address of Estelle's whence, by the merest chance, it had drifted to her present one. It was a letter of farewell and despair. ' It is of no Use,1 Miss Despard said. ' Re will goan^i marry Natallie now. She is younger than 1 am, and iooks as I used to. He will never want to see rue again after he has once seen her. Never mind.' And she tossed her head, and laugh fed shrilly. ' See here, Estelle,' said Mrs. Rone a little anxiouslyyou are not laying anything against Violet, I hope. You must forgive me for her share in this afi'air. Of course, she only me mt a jest. She had no idea of any serious 3onse quences from her foolishness.' 'Forgive her?'suid Miss Despard, looking down to hide the blaze in her eyes. 'Oh, certainly! It is nothing. You see how little I mind it, Mrs. Rone.' Three months after Mrs. Rone died, and was buried : and in due course her will was called for, but couid not be found. Her lawyer testified t8' ,'tlie fact that he had drawn .such' a' dbcuV rnent But where was it!' Without'1 it pretty petted Violet would be a ;and the lar.e piopertv, which' it' always been supposed v/oultl cbrne' to hei at Mrs. Bone sdeath, would go to a distant relative whom' the deceased lady had never even seen! it was mo>i unlikely that Mis^l Ror.b had d st'royed her will' There wab no ■reason why slie should have hidden it, and she w«s too methodical a woman to have mislaid it. bhe had'always kept it iri' a desk in her own sittink room—iri a desk which had belonged to her husband, but' it was not there now, ribr miywhere else apparently . The search had to be abandoned at last, and Violet Earle found herself face to face with starvation, or as good aB that, for she did not kiiow how to do anything well enough to earn her liv ^ 'fj &nd; she had no relatives that she .kilew of. Ti this strait, Miss Despnrd, to everybody s amazement, came forward. I * I've got a few pounds saved,' she said • ' it was for my marriage ; but that will never be rtow. I shall hire some' rooms and furnish them, and take pupils in French and music. If you like to come with me. Violet Earle you may.' i- Violet shuddered, and was silent. Then, after a little, she lifted her head, and looked Estelle Despard steadily id the face. ' You know I will not,' she said; " and you know why I will not.' .' Oh, very, wpll,' said" Miss Despard, teasing lier betid as usual, and laughing her short, shrill laugh. & Violet went nearer. ' Where is Mamma Bone's will?1 she asked in a low stem voice. ' Have you destroyed it?' ' ^ ^ exclaimed the Frenchwoman, turning white. 'I don't know what you mean.' You said you would hurt me if you ever could. 1 believe you have destroy ed Mamma Bone's will.' Miss Despard's black eyes sparkled. She laughed defiantly. You had better try to prove it.' I can't prove it, and I shan't try,' said Violet; 1 but I believe you have done it. I know you hate me.' The Frenchwoman cast down her eyes, and drew in hei-lips. \ ^ ou wr°hged me very much once, Miss Earle,' she said; "and in my anger I may have said what I ought not; but I forgive you, now you are in so mdeh trouble, and I'm sorry you wou'd think I would touch the wilL 1 don't know anything about it.' 'i am satisfied that ~yoii have des troyed Mamma Bone's will as if I had seen you do it,' Violet said elowly ; but perhaps it will bio my turn next.' And so they parted, and Violet Earle went out into the world to try and earn her own living. Bhe was very brave at first. She tried being companion, governess, nursery governess. She tried to teach music, drawing, French, but failed ignominiously in all. One by one she sold her jewellery, het dresses, and all the costly finelies that had pertained to heiress-ship, She grew poorer and poorer, till at last hope and courage even failed her, and she said, in her misery and despair: ' The e is nothiup left me but to die.' One night she went out to sell the last tbingdf value that she possessed— a email gold ring, her first gift fiom her adopted mother, and prized ac cordingly; but it must go now. As she stood a moment before the pawnbroker's window, looking sadly in, a gentleman who was passing stopped suddenly, staring at her with excited eyes. Then, as she entered the sliop, he turn d, and iollowedjher hi, watching hei intently, listening eagerly when she spoke, and at last stepping up to her, and addressing her in French. I cannot be mistaken," he began. But before he could get a word further Violet looked up and eaw hiui. Oh J slio cried! with her eyes dila tli.g all if'she saw a ghost. ' You have n'o'fr go'rfA tb: Frahce. You arfe here' J ! Mr. Felix' Fs]p rie—for it was lie dialed: She had' spoken in Fnglish, lJut lie 'understood the language better than be c ulcl spiak it. 'I lave been to France add return-' ed,' he answered her in his own l(tongue. ' I come lack to look for Mdle. Des pard again." I have heard a rumour' that she is dead.1 Can yoii'perhaps telF hie V ' Are yoii'miirried ? Have you mar-' ried Natalie 1' Violet asked qfiickly. ' No, certainly. I coud 6nly marry^, Estelle. If she is dead I shall never^ marry. Do yoii know about it, made moiselle ?' Violet Earle j felt very bitterly to wards Estelle Despard. A grdat many times she bad said ti herself : ' Oh, how I hate her! How I hope' my turn will come!' And it had. Here it wa,s. She had only to say, " She 'is1' dead,' and this simple-minded Frenchman, in1 all probability, would go home again to France without looking any more for his lost Estelle. ^ But she diil not say that. ' She is not dead,' she told the man instead. ' I know where she is! I will go with you and show you.' 4 But the trouble!' he cried, almost beside himself with joy.' 4 It is no trouble ; and if if were, 1 should go. I lied, to yon before. I told you Mdle. Despard did not live there, when she did. I was an'gry, and, I said she Wfts not there to plague her/ ' Ah, but that was a wicked thing,' said the Frenchman. , ' It was wicked. But I K'ave paid for it. That foolish lie cost mile horde," fortune, friends—everything.' Estelle Despard was aloue, thihkinLg, perhaps, of the lover she despaired of ever seeing again, at the very moment he knocked at fbe door. She opened it herself, and fell screaming into his arms. Violet followed him into the room, and stood waiting till the transports, of the pair had in a measure subsided." Then she went up to Estelle. ' I want you to know that I'have had my turn at last,' she said, looking at her with the old blue defiant eyes. ' He thought you were dead, and he might never have Itiiown any better if I had not told him: I selit him away from you once; I have brought hiiri back to you now. But I have not done it because I loved you. I want you to know that;' Miss Despard looked at lief curiously but without aiiger. She was' too happy for that. 4 You have good reason to hate me,' she said. ' If I had beeli ih your {dace, I should not Have done as you 1 ' iave. Why did you briiig Felix to ine| ? Why did you not tell him I was dead 1 You lied to him once. Why not again, and get ,youf feveiige ? I should have done so.' Violet looked at her contemptuously. ' I might have done it for several reasons, all equally |beyond| your com1 prehension",' she said. 4 I might have fancied it would be heaping coals of^. fire on your head. I might have"^ thought one lie had cost me too dearly to try another ■ or, I might have done it for fear of sinking to your level if I did otherwise. I had rathef this mo ment be the pauper I aiil^Jian be you.' She turned to leave the room. , ' On<i moment, MiBs Earle, if you please,' Estelle Despard said, laughing lightly. 4 Those are all very good reasons. But I can give you a better one. If you had not brought me Felix, you might have strayed a pauper all your days for me. Yes, you might have starved, add I would not have helped you. I only offered you a home with me that I might feast on your humiliation. I did take Mrs. Bone's will. Biit I did not destroy it. It is here.' * She went and unlocked a drawer, and took it out, and came back with it in her hands. Violet looked incredulous. 4 I don't believe it is the will she exclaimed.' (Concluded on page 7.) ' You carl' ask a Ikwydr,' the French, woman said, tossing it "upon a chair, ' and thfen'you can prosecute me for taking it if you like. I am indifferent. Violet tbbk up the document doubt fully. ' Whethfer it is the will or' not, you and I are done until each other,' she said, and went out of the roOini ' Yes,' said the lawyer, the samb1 who drew it,' this is Mrs. Bone's will: I Congratulate you, Miss JEarle. May I ask where you found it ?' ' I do not wish to tell that,' Violet answered. ' But that will be considered so strange^" he exclaimed. ' I an* quitebvilling. I shall not tell where I foUnd it,' was the decided reply. , And she kept her word. No ,*onle ever suspected that the' " ihysterious disappearance of Mrs. Bone's will, and those long months of destitution and suffering' to which' Violet Earle had been reduced in eon Sequence, were all the cost o£ one foolish lie*j But Violet knew. 