CAPITAL "WINE. By tub Lath HUGH CJONWAY, Author ol "CalledBack," "DarkDays," 4o. £( pAPITAL T7INE, JOHN," I said, bold* io£f the glass betweon the lamp and my eyes, jwa admiring the rich, ruby tint. 1 Capital, isn't it?" replied John, ouddling his glass in the palm of his hand in order to warm the wine and folly bring out its bonquet ana flavour. We had jnst finished the sort of dinner I consider perfection for two persons. A drop of woar soap, a Bole,- and a hraoe of woodooohs. That is, to my mind, as nice a dinner as be devised; and one which having eaten, you have no occasion to reproach yourself with high feeding or gluttony. Others may devonr huge cuts from sirloin, leg, or saddle, but I am always contented with a humble menu lifcp the above. " Thirty.four, o! course," X said after tasting the port again John nodded and continued nursing his glaBS. " Where did you buy it, John ? " I in quired. "Didn't buy it," replied John, "you oan'fc buy such wine as that now." gift from a grateful client, I presume," I said, refilling my glass. " Not a hit of it. Clients are not so generous nowadays. If we can get our oosts we are content" " Well, how did yon get it ?" " Stole it," replied John, shortly* "What do yon mean ?" f t X mean X Btole that wine as muoh as ever a thief stole a watch. I planned, plotted, and at last BU:ceeded in effecting the theft. Ton would have done the same, would you not ?19 "I don't know. It depends upon th* risk of conviction and imprisonment, hat tell me all about it." John plaoed all the bottles fairly between us and began. How John £tole the Wise. Ton knew my old uncle, William Slagg— at any rate yon have heard of him. Well, ha made a good hit of money drysalting, and what is more made it when he was a youngish man. He must have been well brought up, or mixed with the right sort of people, for he developed a'wonderful tiBte for wire, and instead of doing what lots of people do now—more shame to them—Bend out to their grocers for half a dozen as they want it, used to buy a pipe or butt at a time and lay it down. He reaped the reward of his sensible conduct, for when he retired from drysalting he f ound himself with a cellar not only amply stocked, but without a drop of had wine in it. So, he settled down to live comfortably on his investments, and to drink his wine in peace. 1'oor old boy 1 it was beantifnl to see him and amusing to hear him with deoanters in front of him. He knew the history of eaoh wine he gave yon, and nearly all had a tender reminiscence for h?m He would rip a drop of sherry and look across at me and say—"I' cill this more' than wineu John. It is a poem ; something to enjoy ana think over." Then he would tarn to the port. " I bought that pipe, John, when X made a wonderfaVhit in tallow;" or "that claret, John, I laid down when logwood went up to such a price*'—and so on. The old man was by no means a winebibber, but he would take his four or five glasses after dinner and enjoy them. He suffered a little from gout before he died, but not more than many elderly gentlemen with rubicund faces. He lived a good manyyeatB enjoy ing the fraic of hfs labours and the ju»oe in his cellars, and at last slipped away quietly and peacefully. His last words were to me. " Give them the '47 and the green seal sherry at the funeral, John, there's mors body, more solemnity in those wines than some of the others." And then old William Slagg went off, and X have no doubt is now the best judge of nectar in the upper regions. He left me his executor, and I am happy to ray the reversion of a considerable sum when his widow dies. Bat it wasnot without a feel ing of disappointment I foucd all the contents of his house, including the cellar of wines, were hers absolutely. It seemed absurd for a splendid lot of winei like that to belong to a woman who would to utterly unab'o to appreciate them, and whose, ideas of wine were bounded after the manner of wotnenhind by bweefc champagne on one side, and family port on the other. I had never ex pected to be left bo much moner, but had always cherished the hope that Uncle Slagg, who had greatly approved of the way in which I disonssed his liquor, would hive left me those wines. However, I thought very likely the widow would prefer a good sum of money to the fall bins, so I intended to offer to buy tbem after a decent interval. My Aunt Slagg bad very different ideas to those of her late and lamented husband. I re member her, however, as a sensible woman, and, having a good eye to the main chance, she had been a capital wife to "William Slagg, But. about a twelvemonth before his death, she had attended some revival meetings, a lovefrast, or something of that sort, and been converted. I can't tell, of course, but 1 feel sure that nothing can he mora annojing to an ordinary man than to find the wife of his bosom, who has jogged along with him very comfortably in a give-and take style for many years, suddenly turn round and lecture him upon his amiable little weak nesses. X am convinced the shock of her oonversion hastened pour old William's death. He had been so accustomed to look upon drink ing goo 3 wine as the duty of a Christian, that when his wifA made a new departure, and be came a rabid teetotaller, the thing was' too muoh for him, and he died t'.yicsr to solve the problem. She would quote fcir Wilfred Xiiw e;n, Dr. Biohardson, and oiher authorities, all dinner time, end when the decanters were placed upon the table walk away with a look of chastened sorrow upon her faoe. Nothing, of oouraoi could wean Uncle Slagg from hlii wiuepoti, w p]ie oiUcd ]tis little wejineeB, fctjfc Iknowafterthesetirades theliquorhad lost some i .' of its flavour for him, and did not taste the 1 ~same as in the old days before her awakening, when she would fill hi* glass and even press him to take an extra one for the aiho of his -health.; I wonder he did not alter his will, and, no doubt he would, had he knowu to * what lengths her fanaticism would lead her. ' I managed by skilfal tactics to keep on pretty good terms with the old lady. I took the temperance tracts with which ehe bristled, and led her to understand that, if I oould net make np my mind to take the pledge at once, it was a gocd deal out of consideration -for her husband's feelings, and I might do .so some day. fche Iookecfupon me as a weak vessel, but had great hopes that I might eventually bo stroDg enough to hold the gift of grace, as she rather curiously termed it. 'After William Slagg's death, I had in my position as executor a lot of business to ' transact with her, and for some weeks saw her .nearly every day. I thought the time was coming when I might broach the subject of . the cellar to her, and as I was walking to the house one afternoon, determined to sonnd her upon it. I rang and knocked for some minutes, but could get no answer to my summons. They \- are all upstairs, I thought, and cannot hear me. Then I remembered that the day before, after going through a lot of papers of uncle's, I had 'locked the drawers and put his bunch of keys . in my pocket. His latchkey was amongst 'them, and I took the liberty of opening the door with it. As I entered the house X smelt a very peculiar smell proceeding from the kitchen. It was the odour of wine and very strong. They must have broken a bottle, carrying it up, I thought . Perhaps after all the old lady is not so strict a | . teetctaller .when alone. And I laughed at the 1 . idea, little dreaming from whence the smell /.came. I could find no one in any of the sitting * rooms, and, as I heard persons moving in the basement, proceeded there. My aunt, hearing . my steps on the stairs, ran to the kitchen door to sie who it was. I noticed she appeared . vtxed as she met me. "I am particularly engaged this afternoon, John, and can't speak to you now," ehe Baid. As ehe spoke X noticed the Emell of the \- 'wine was almost overpowering, and I wondered '...what she was doing. ~phA had some old gown on, and that covered ' with a rough white apron, apparently soaked : ~with some coloured fluid. Ehe was dusty, -dirty, untidy, and heated, and X noticed blood flowing from a cut on her hand. What extra ordinary household exploit could she be engaged in? When a lady tells yon decidedly she, can't * stop to talk to you, and when she appears up V.to her'eyes in cleaning honso or something of'that sort, the next thing to do is to make . yourself scarce; eo I apologised for my in tension ftT"^ promised to call again to-morrow/ *• But what a strong smell of wine, aunt? " .'I'said. " Don't you notice it?" T. * "My servants have just broken a bottlo or ..'.two," she replied, loosing rather embarrassed. v'11 Goodbye, John, shut the door after you." . * *'Qobd- bye," I said, and retraced my steps. ,, As I W4XL& up those dark kitchen stairs a sudden thought struck me. And yet it seemed . . so wild and absurd that I laughed at the idea. But, before I had reached the top, it had taken .'fall possetsion of me, and I felt cold and pale /with dread. X could not bear the uncertainty, and determined to ascertain, at any risk, if my suspicions were correct. Instead, therefore, of shotting the door from the outside, I shut it with a good bang frem the inride and waited, .'scarcely breathing, at the top of the stairs. After a minute's listening my ears caught a crash of glass, and then a rich gurglo of fluid, that sent a thrill of horror through my heart. \- Another crash, another gargle, and then another and another, and even that strange ' scent of wine stronger and stronger. It must bj as I thought, so I crept like a cat down the stairs once more and gently opened the kitchen door. No one was there, but I heard another crash and my aunt's toicj exclaim in a tone of exalted fervour: " Glory—alleluia—another bait taken from Satan's trap I pa-ssd acrc-33 the kitchen and looked throngh the door of tha scullery, and there I saw my aunt and one of her red-cheeked ser vant wonches busily engaged in knocking the lieoks off the eobwebbed bottles, and—oh, dese cration—pouring their priceless contents amid potato parings, soapsuds, and baostlinesscs of that sort down the sink to gladden the heacts of the rats in the main sewer. For a few moments I was eo taken aback I could not speak cr move. It seemed like a ghastly dream. Yet it was real, and X could ' sco an exalted look in my aunt's f&ca;, and as I heard her exclaim with each cruel decapitation, "Another bait tnatched from Satar," I knew the poor woman was earnest in her conviction, | and imagined she was doing right. As I . looked at this strange scene, thinking what oourse to take, an exclamation behind me made me turn, and I saw in the kitchen the other red-cheeked servant gixl, bearing on her mus cular aria a bottle basket holding a dozen of .wine, she had evidently brought up from the -cellar for the purpose of immolation. Oh, "William Stogg, you must have turned in your grave. If I had ever believed in ghosts this work would have banished my belief, for if . anything could have brought a ghost bock to earth the sacrifice going on would have brought yours back. That basket contained the very ' particular, the joy of your heart, the wine that only came forth on the most important occa sions, the very opening of which was a re ligious ceremony, and fervent prayers went up . over each bottle that the cork may have with stood the ravages of years and tho wine he still sound ! And now Even if the servant had not discovered me, I should have interfered then; so I stepped boldly forward into the scullery and confronted the heartless executioners. The servant, look ing sheepish and ashamed, put down the bottle, the neck of which was just approaching the edge of the stone sink. My aunt, with the oonscKusness of rectitude, met my gaza firmly. "ThankheavenXreturned," X said. " What does this mean ?" " Mean, John ! Only that I am doing m7 doty." "Doing your duly in ponring the finest cellar ot wine in London down a common fink!" " You know my views, John. I say touch not, taste not, handle not." She has been touching and handling with a vengeanoe, I thought, but I kept my temper, and said: "Bat, if you won't drink it, why not sell it and give the proosads to the poor if you like." " No, John. I have oonsidered the snbjeot fully. My duty is to pour it down thero. It I sell it—if I give it away—someone will drink, and every drop of wine that passes down a man's throat helps to float him to per dition." Her imagery was Btrange, but her mind was made up, so after a pauso I said: " Oome upstairs and talk with me. Tell your servants to stop for a bit." She followed me, saying, " It's no use talk ing, John; my mind is made up." I oast about for a way to move her, and at last decided ou a bold oourse. We seated ourselves in the dining-room, near that polished mahogany board in which poor old ITnole Slagg loved to see the orystal do canters mirrored. Then I commenced, gravely: "My diar annt, you will understand that from motives of prndenoe I conld not Bpoak before yonr servants as I oan do now. Of oourse, I do not dispute yonr right to do what yon like with your own, but I am Bure you cannot be aware of the penalties yon are in curring in this wholesale destrnotion of fer mented liquors." " How do yon mean ? " she said, startled. " I mean," I replied, in my most solemn aeoents, "that you are defrauding the excise and are liable to heavy fine and, I believe, im prisonment." " But the wine is my own," Bhe argued. "Precisely, so is this sovereign mine; hut were I to clip, debase, or destroy it, I lay myself open to legal proceedings and punish ment. Wine has paid duty and is protected in the same manner as this sovereign." " How unjust," she said. •' It may be so, but it is the law. Moreover, the informer gets a good share of the fine, so see how you place yourself in your servants' power, and what temptation yon expose them to." "Bat I will go to prison and glory in my martyrdom," she said, with an angelio look. "Exonae me, my dear aunt, hnt Ioannct afford to go to prison, and as I am the execu tor and responsible for everything. I Bhould share yonr fate. It may seem selfish, hnt I must guard against this. I shall, therefore, ask you to give mo the key of the cellar ; allow me to seal up the door, and I promise you, at the expiration of a twelvemonth, when I givo you legal possession of everything here and tike your discharge, I will return the key, and you must then please yourself." Now, I well know how frightened women are at the idea of ooming into collision with the law, so although the penalties I threatened her with were improbable and absurd, they set her thinking, and I awaited her answer hopefully. I added, though, as a makeweight: — * " How terribly vexed poor nnole would have been had he seen yon to-day." "I believe, John, that in the place my dear husband now is, be f ally realises the errors of his lifo, and could ho look down"—or np I thought—"he would be pleaBed to see my actions." I thought of the poor old fellow as I last saw him at the table and Btniled at the idea, butwas too wise to contradict her. After a pause she said " "Well, John, yon have been very kind and attentive, and I should not like you to get into trouble, so I will do as you wish. But, mind, at the end of 12 months nothing shall stop me throwing all the wine away." I eiw the basket of the " very particular " safely restored to its snug bin; I locked tho door, affixed my seal to it, and oarried the key away ; rejoicing that I had arrived in time to saro the wine. But my task was not half over. I kne n my annt so well, and felt saro she would carry out her threat at the expiration of the time named, so I wove a plot to obtain absolute posBeaeion of the wine, without putting her in a mad house, or oven forfeiting her goodwill or any chance legacy. I said not a word abont the cellar, but when the summer came persuaded her to go away to the seaside for a short time. With all her magnificent conduct as to wasting alcoholio treasures she was rather near and said she could not afford it. She would liko to go for a month or two, but found tho expenses of her present house too great. I suggested letting it furnished for the time to a rcspeotable tenant. Sue fell in with the suggestion, and when, through the house agent, my friend Tom Sinclair offered to take the house at a hand some sum per week, and brought her unexcep • tional references, the matter was settled. Jem said he had his own servants, so she sent, hers away on b-.ard wages. On the evening of tho day she left, I met Tom by appointment at the house. His servants were ail a myth, and there was no one to interfere with U-. We troke the seal and opened the door, and found in the cellar, which had been excavated and enlarged by my old uncle's directions, at least 600 dczcu of wine, sleeping in beautifully arranged bins, peacefully and happily, little dreaming how narrowly it had ess :ped total destruction. I determined to act with groat cautiou. Wo had plenty of timo before us, and I felt to escape detection the cellar must he left as we found it. I made an exact plan of it, marking the contents of the bius, and the num'cer of bottles in each, and also noting the appearance as well as I could. And then, Tom, commis sioned by me, went round to auctioneer and wine merchants, buying as cheaply as he could all tho refuso ho could find. Sour claret, fetid sherry, and fu»ty port formed the ataplo of Lis purchases. Ho was a perfect godReod to the locky tradesmen he patronised, as if they ever imagined he was going to drink his purchases, all who sold him wine were equally guilty of manslaughter. We had it packed and sent to Tom's warehouso, and in two or three journeys honied it to my aunt's and stowed' it in the basement. The house was in a quiet neigh bourhood, and stood in a garden, eo we ran little risk of detection. And thon our work began. We were a month at it off and on,' and I assure you the labour was so hard that only the thought of the rioh roward enabled me to go through with it. We trusted no one, but did everything ourselves. We took the hins regularly, emptied them of their oontents, unpaoked a sufficient quantity of onr dread ful purchases to replace them, and having done that, filled tho empty oises with the real Simon Pore, labcUod eaoh with the partioulars, and nailod them down. In about a month our work was oomplete, and the 600 and odd dozens of tho old man's cherished wine lay ready packed for removal, whilst through our oarelnlness the oellar pre sented on appearance very much the same as it did before we oommonced onr meritorious task. The risk of detection was rendered less from my nnolo'shavingfollowedtho old-fashioned plan of filling the bins with sawdust. This, which was old and diriy, we carefully replaced, and re looking and re-sealing the door, after paoking the last oase, executed a dance of trlnmph at the snccess of onr plot so far, and folly trusted to our olevemoss in completely deceiving the old lady. In tho dusk of tho evening wo sent two large waggons to the honse, and by 12 o'elook that night the resoned treasures wero safe in Tom's warehouse under look and key. Of course our operations hud loft the basement of my aunt's houso in a terrible litter, so we devoted another week to putting all- that straight. This being done to our satisfaction, Tom wrote to Mrs. Slagg, and onolosed a cheque for two months' rent, saying that his plana being changed he intended to leave the house at once. The old lady, who had grown tired of the seaside, came baok, and, although much disgusted at the dnety state she found the house in, andvowingnothingshonldinduce her to let it again, never showed the slightest suspicion of what had transpired during her absence. Now, that I was happy as to the wines, I waited with great ourioeity to see whether, at the expiration of tho time of probation, she would carry out her intentions. I found that she was as firmly resolved as ever, and as I wished to Eeo the end of the affair after handing her the key with a feigned protest, I told her I had almost persuaded myself with her ideas she oould not do otherwise, and offered to give her any assistance I oould in the good work. Almost incredulous, she accepted my aid, and a good work it wag to pour the filthy oontents of those bottles down tho kitchen sink. Faugh! it nearly made us all sick; but I know my assistance on that occasion secures mo a good legacy, and she altered her will in my favour the next day. The cream of the joke was, that as the servant girl brought up a basket full of the noxiens compounds and reported that this wa3 the very last, my aunt hesitated for a few minntes, and, as perhaps seme tender re collections of her late husband presented them selves, said to me, "John, if you would tike to take thiB last dozen, for your poor uncle's rake,: you can. -I ought to do away with all,' I know, bnt onp dozen is very little from the large quantity I have sacrificed. So take it, if you wish " I trembled at tbe idea, and answered as one who overcomes a severe temptation. " My dear aunt, don't lot any inclination of mine lead you from what you consider your dnty. No doubt, I shall he better without it, so let it follow the reBt." She gave me a grateful smile, and the last dozen of William Slagg's supposed wine gnrgled down the sink, and my aunt cleaned herrelf from tbe stains of the sacrifice and'went to a prayer meeting radiant and happy. She, no donbt, expects her reward hereafter,: and doubtless ehe wilt reoeivo it, for if ever a good act was done in this world, sbo did one when she poured away that 500 dozen' of horriblo stuff called wine. John, having finished his tale, took a bright tittlo key from bis pookot, nnd rose. '' I suppose your friend Sinclair claimed some of tho spoil !" I asked. "Oh, yes, the wretch! Wanted 150 dozen, but I managed to oompound for about half that quantity. So my cellar of wino was cheap after all, and I can well spare that other bottle I am now going to fetch." 