STORMY WATERS. , A Tale of To-Day, BY EOBEET BUCHANAN, Author o£ " The Shadow of the Sword," "A Child of Nature," "God and the Man," "The Martyrdom of Madelene," &c.; All Bights Keservbd. chapter xlil— (qmiinwa " Cheer up, lass, and don't fear for tne. I do not think anything will happen to me, and I am glad X have seen vou once again — it will be for the last time, Mary ; at least for a long, long while," hie" added in correction, as ho saw he was doing the very thing he desired to avoid. Mary did not answer, and she sat with her hands clasped, her eyes fixed fast on tho window, bloodless and close-set lips, and a look of hopeless helplessness. Ilairy's arrival nad aggravated her distress to the last degree. While he was away she had been able to adhere to her resolve to save her father, hut with Harrv sitting before her she felt as if she Could do so no longer. She was in a quandary she could not es cape from, and she wished she could die and never know how it had been solved, " Will you not speak to me, MaTy?" ll'ariy asked. "Jnstsay good-bye, and that you love me still, and I will go away happy." " Love you, Harry ? Ay, that I do. God knows how much. And yet I think I do not. love you. I would not do as I am doing if I did." '"Poor lass, you are upset. Kiss me, Mary, and say nothing." Mary did kiss him, and as she did so the hot tears ran from her eyes on . to his face, and he had difficulty in being calm. At last Harry crushed, down his emotion, and holding Mary on his knee, he said — " Tou will go to your own room, darling. That man will soon be back, and I must see him alone. Vou I will not Bee again, but you will pro mise me to be brave, and believe that I have not done anything to make me unworthy of you." "I know it, Harry, I know it,' sobbed Mary. " And, oh, to know it and be able'to do nothing breaks my heart. I feel that Kingston will he your ruin. He is a had, bad man, and he hates you because you are so good. Oh, my love, if I could only speak I could save you." "Mary, what are you saying?" Harry asked, with much excitement. "Vou know nothing; you cannot know how it happened. Nobody does except Kingston and I." " And "my father," Mary added. "Harry, I know all," in a voice full of despair. " Know all and yet I can do nothing. Von will not, cannot love me now, for I shall be your murderess." " Hush, hush, Mary," Harry inter rupted. " Vou know nothing, you must know nothing, and I lore yon more than ever. "Would to God you had not known this ! But, re member, you know nothing. Think of him — of your father, and leave me to my fate." " I cannot do otherwise, hut it breaks my heart to do. To love you so, and yet to leave you to die. Oh, my God help and forgive me. And you, Harry, you can never forgive me." " I do not blame you, Mary, and don't need to forgive you, I am very, very sorry for you, that is all. But don't break down, I will get away, and some day we may he happy yet !" "Never! never!" moaned Mary. "I can never be happy again. Ail my life is dark now and always will be." " 60 to your room, dearest, and hope for better things. I will write to you from time to time, and when this terrible cloud has passed yon will join me where we will forget all our troubles, ana be happy, loving each other;" and caressing and comforting her he led Mary to her room. Then he went out to see if ho could find Morton. Par away in the fieldB towards Grorseley he could descry Morton, and while annoyed he had missed him, he thought he would find him at the "Blue Bell," and then plead Esther's cause, Till Kingston should come he took a walk around the farm, and thought of other and happier days, and as he thought lie could not heip contrasting them with the evil ones that had now fallen on him and the girl . he loved. It was something of a satisfaction that Mary knew the trnth, but much more was it distracting to know that to her her father was a man who was guilty of the shedding of blood, and was allowing another to bear the burden of his guilt. Harry could only hope that somehow all would end well. During his absence, Kingston had sought out and found Morton in the fields. " What is wrong now?" Morton asked, as soon as he saw Kingston. " Vou are looking as scared as if you bad seen a ghost." " If I am scared it is on yonr ac count, and I have seen what is more than a dozen ghosts. Do you know who is at the farm ?"j "Nobody I didn't leave there; Wbo should heat it to scare me?'' leplied Morton, carelessly, for he supposed Kingston had not succeeded with Mary, and was trying on some new dodge. " Well, he will Bcare you, or I am mistaken. Horry Hastings has ar rived!" . " Who ?" gasped Morton, amazedly. 41 Come, come ! A joke is a joke, bat -you shouldn't give one a turn like this. Harry Hastings cannot be at the farm ; both yon and I know he jins gone to sea I" " Been gone and back again, and is at the farm. Iam not joking. Now, you know he Bob not come here unless, lor one purpose, is going to tell' the truth, and you are about done for.'1 .. ! " Harry goiDg to do this? I cannot believe it!" , "You'll have to believe it. Now, my advice to you is this : Get to Lou don at once, and go to 187. Vou will be safe there. Here is money ; go direct to the railway station and be off." I will see you in a day or two. What, you hesitate? Why, man, you are mad ! There is not a moment to loBe if you would save yourself " "I am not sure. I don't know what to think, what to do. Are you speaking the truth ? Is Hastings here ?" " What I say is true as gospel ; I swear to you it is." " And Mary ! What will come of her ?" "I will see to Mary ; she has pro mised to he mine." " Your wife ?" asked Moreon, sus piciously. " Yes, yes; my wife !" " Swear to that also," said Morton. " If I should find you are deceiving me about that I will kill you !" " Pshaw ! man, why aro yon so suspicious ? But if you are wise you will he gone ; every minute you stay here you are in danger." " Well, I will go," said Morton, re luctantly. And he loft, taking his way across the fields towards the station. "That is well, said Kingston, look ing after him. " If the old fool had been about he very likely would have spoiled my game ! Now I think I can manage Hastings, and after him Mary, for I mean to conquer her yet." Say ing this, he pencilled a note without a moment's delay to the police station' at Gorsoley. This is what he had written : — " If you want to findHarry Hastings, the murderer of my cousin, he is now at Michael Morton's farm." CHAPTER XLIII. Harry was soon aroused from his reverie by the return of Kingston. He was leaning against a tree in the orchard when he became aware that his enemy was approaching towards him. Harry had no fear of Kingston, for he hoped to silence him by threatening to reveal all that he knew of Kingston's connection with tho Ponians. Still, as he saw him coming towards him, a momentary feeling of dread seized him, and he wished the interview was over, and that he was once again far away from the place that had been so perilous to his safety. As for. Kingston, he came on leisurely, and smoking a cigar. He stopped now and again to kick a twig from his path, or to look at the fruit on tbe trees, and seemed to be quite unaware of Hastings' presence. To look at him, no one would have sup posed he had anything on his mind, or had any object in the world unless to enjoy himself. Harry observed this, and thought that Kingston, on reflection, ban given up the intention of fulfilling his threat. Both were overlooked by Mary, who knelt an upper window of the house, aud watched aud prayed. She knew that whatever Kingston might look like — if he could, and she knew he could — he would do Harry all the injury in his power. "Well, you have been as good as your word," said Kingston, supercili ously, as he came up to Harry. " I always am," replied Harry, with a little warmth. " Did you expect I would not ?" " I did, and think you would have been wiser if you had been less true to your promise." " I do not desire your opinions. ! Vou were good enough to threaten me because you thought I feared you, I suppose." "It is not I you have to fear," Kingston answered, with an indifferent shrug. "The object of your fear should be the law. "And you?" " "Well, what of me ?" " Do you not fear the law? I mean its power of punishing ?" " Why should I ? My good follow, a man in your position should not he thinking or talking of other people." " That would suit you very well, I daresay; but I am thinking of you in connection with the law as a punisher. You know what I mean?" "I do not. I have not the least idea of your meaning. I don't sup pose you mean anything." " Oh, you don't. Well, you shall know when you keep your promise. Do you think that you will hound me down aud that I will be quiet about you ?" " Exactly what I do think, and I'm sure you will be of the same mind when you have heard me out." " Have heard you out ?" echoed Harry, wondering if the man was sane. " What have you got to say that will make me silent? I may have held my peace for the sake of those I love, but you I do not love, and I will speak," "You will not dare to speak. You are only a greenhorn, or you would see you would not dare." " Nonsense ! If this is all you have to say will go." "Not yet," said Kingston, with a quiet but vicious smile. " You don't go so easily. Where would you go ?" "Wherever I please; and I will go ! Will you hinder me f " " Not I. Now, look here, Hastings, you are in my way, and yeu must be got out of it. I had you out of it, and chance has sent you into it again. This time chance will not have any say in it. I have already made Buro that you shall die." " Vou made sure of that before, and I did not die. Your hired mur derer did. Have yon enaged another one to butcher me P" "No. I have simply arranged that you' shall reach the hangman's hands. You blanch, I see! Poor, silly boy, you thought you could fight with me ; you think because I missed you once 1 will not reach yon a second time. You are a fool 1" he said, and lit a fresh cigar, while he gloated over Harry's dismay and confusion. (TO CONTINUED'! 