T vaQoUL&Wb; oE ..TUN SB ,,:TALL FOREST** a. BOMANCE OF THE OLD WOBLD. Y ROBERT. LOUIS STEVENSON, BOOK L S THE TWO LADS. CHAPTR VII. ± Ta 3oo011 srac. The7y sawoke in the grey of the morning; tl babd. were not yet in fall song, but twittered here and there among the woods ; :the sun was not art up, but tbs cantero skj ,Wu ' barred with iolenet colours. Half 'strved and overweary' as trer were, they lay Without moving, sunk in a detighitul latmi tode. And as they thus lay, the clang of a bell fell soddenly opon their ears. `A bell I' and Dick, a 'ttin op. ' Can we be, then, so near to Holyood? A little after, the bell clanged again, but this time a me:hatonearer hand; and from that time forbth, and bstill drawingnesarer and nearer, it continued to sound brokenly abroad in the silence of the morning. ' Nay, what should this betoken samid Dick, who was now broad awake. :It is some one walking,' returned Matcham, 'and the belt tolleth ever as he moves.' ' I see that well,' said Dick. * But where fore? What mraketh he in Tonstall Woods? Jack,' he added, * laugh at me anyse will, but Ilike not the hollow sound of it.' "Nay,' said Matcham, with a shiver, 'it bath a doletful note. An the day were not c~ome--- \- Bat jnst then the bll, quickening ite pace, began to rink thick and untried, and then it gave a single hammering jagle, and was :'ilent for a spare. Itis as thonadh the bearer had ran for a paternoser while, and' then leaped the river,' Dick obeerved. And now bhginneth he again to pace soberly forward,' added Matcham. 'Nay,' reterned Dick - nay, not so soberly, Jack. Tim a man that walketh you right speedily. 'Tis a man in some fear of his life, or abonut eomehurried bhosinees. See ye not how swift the beating draweth near ?' !It is now close by,' said Matcham. They mere now on the edge of the pit; and asthe pit itself was on a ertaineminence, they commanded a view over the greater proportion of the clearing, op to the thick woods that closed it in. The daylight, which was very clear and wey, showed them a riband of white foot. gath wandering among the gorse. It pasaed -some hundred yards from the pit, and ran the whole length of the dearing, east and west, By the line of its course, Dick juLdged 'it should lead more or lees directly to the Moat Honesa. :Upon this path, stepping forth from the margin of the wood, a white figure now :appeared. It paused a little, and seemed to look about; and then, at a slow pace, and bent almost double, it began to draw '-mear across the heath. As every step the bell clanked. Face, it had none; a 'white hood, not even pierced with eyeholes, veiled the head; ad as the eyatore muted, it seemed to feel its way -withhe tapping of a stick. Fearfell upon the lade, as cold as death. 'Aleper I' eaid Dick, hoarsely. His touch is death,' said Matcham. 'Let' us ran. SNoteo,' returned Dick. 'Seere not ? he lsitone blind. He guideth him with a staff. Let us lie still; the wind bloweth towarde the path, and he will goby and hurt asnot. Alas, poor soul; and we should esther pity him.' ';I will pity him when he is by,' replied Matcham. The blind leper was now sbout half-way -towards them, and just then the sun rose and shone full on his veiled face. He bad been a tall man before he was bowed by his disrnsting eickness, and even now he walked 'with' a vigoroeus step. The dismal beating of his bell, the pattering of thestick, the eyeleses screen before his countenance, and the knowledge that he was not only doomed to death and suffering, but shut oat for ever from the touch of his fellow maen, filled the lads' bosome with dismay; sad at every step that brought him nearer, their courage and strength seemed to desert them. As he came about level with the pit, he pused, and turned his face fall upon the ' Mary be my shield ! He sees s ' said Matcham, faintly. "Barh!' whispsred Dick. 'BHe doth but hearken. He is blind, fool.' The leper looked or listened, whichever he was really doing, for come seconds. Thent lie began to move on again, but presently I panned once more, and again turned, acd seamed to raze opon the lade. Even fick became dead white and losed his eyes, as if the mere eight he might become infected. s stoon 'the, bell sounded, and thIs ime, Iitbout any lur'ber hesisation, She leper b aesire the. eminitear of the Iittle'heatb I aid disappeared into A'the rst e bh waede. t 'H saw uso,' aid Matcham. 'I could e swear it.' "J"Tis-I' returned Dick, recovering some sparks of courage. 'bHe but heardo as. Her wsa in fear, poor souL An ye were blind agid ealkdein .i aeerpetoal night, ye would h tat yoursetf, ifever a twig rustledora bird esied "Peep."' 'Dick,'keod'Dick, he saw s,' repeated I Katcham. 'When a man herkeeeth, he dohb 'sot as ibis man; he doth othera s is, Dion. This was seeing; it was not. beaing. He means foully. Bask else, if I Mi hell be not stopped I' Such was the case. The ball rang 1st Nr' said Dick. 'I like no'. that. Nay, " b cried again, 1 like that little. What be this betoken ? Let s go, by the mass I' '.He' bath gone east,' added Macrham;. "Good Dick,. let us go westward straight I halltot bfsiethe till 'I have my back turned upan that leper.' 'Jack, y' are too cowardly,' replied Dick. 'We shall sofair for Holywo'd or as fair, at lass, as I can guidie you, and 4 will be due north.' d S'They were afoot at one, pased the *eam 'upon some- stepping-atones, and ° begin to mount on the other side, which was seer, towards the margin of the wood The grond became veryr uneven, full ofQ beeitl andholiews ; ad tese grew scat. lesd or in clumps; in became difficult so " Song a path, and the ladt somewhat wan SThey were weary, beside with strery'a exersions and thelack of food, is they mowed but heavily and dregegd their feetamoeg the sand. Presently, coming to she top of a knoll, ' thewaimawarle uf'the leper, some hundred fast in front of them, crossing the tine of their mirch hy a hollow. His hell was ellant, his staff n longer napped thegroand. 'dhs went before him with the swift and ' food step of a man who sees, a momenthe had disappeared intos little The lads, at the first glimpse, had crouched behind a tuft ofgorse; there they lay, horcor truck. t eii Certain, hm pursauth us,' said Dick- I ':eestsin I He held the clapper of his bell in me hand, saw ye, that it should not 1 sonma. Now may the saints aid and guide ~, or I have no stcength to combat pests - 'What maketh he 2' cried Mateham. aW55st doth he want Who evr heard the that alper, out of mere malice, l' pdnlae'tauondtu es Bhath he no r my,~t.r~;·r and,' that people mar aoid bhim? Dick, there is batw thts anemthing deepr. 'Nay. I ca not,' moaned Dich; 'the sianigtb itagone out of me; my legs are like ubler. The gainte be mine assialance I' i', 'Weold yelie there idle?' cried Matcbam. lns, us beak isto the open. We have the 'better chance; he cannot steil upon as Not said Dick. 'My time ie come, and paradentore he nar peas nu by.' :' Bendme AuLefdfyr bow I' cried theether. Whit I Willtre be a man?' Dick crossed himself.' Woold ye have me shoot upon eloper?' he Js. !fThe heod would faitme. Nay, now.' asadded-.' nay, now; let be I With sound men I will ight, hits not with ghosts and $pei. Which this is, I cot nor, One or mc. Heaven tour protedtion r 'Now,' said Mahabam, if this be man's moroge, what a poor thing is man I But %thlye will donought,let as lie close.' iscThe amea single, broken jandle onthe 'He bath missed' his hold' upon the 4apper. whisapred, atcham. 'Saintmhow esgr haei I' ''tshw uBat Dick answered news a word; his teeth uia6 'oniarchasitinu. Thes is no ma~n brave Ir o u "d " and'e 1hearoof this purut b, a booded leper had. feid the weak place in pouna Shelton's armoer. Soon they agwapise, of the whire rote ~batween arms susbss,"shenthe leper's head was thruet fortb frmoibehind a trunk, and oidybbd by speiserragngsast withsh tha he seemed narrow y so scan ahs aweigeubor hedIbstete hme aascbNsle mmh .-1bibde shoet ed .ases, the wheoe bash ernsi alive with restinge ead the e of a wig and they heard the beating of each other's hearsvs Soddenly, with a cry, the leper sprang into the open close by, and eran straight upon the lads They shrieking alood, sepasted, sad began to ran dilieent ways. But their horrible enemy fastened upon Matcham, ram his swiftly down, and had him almost instantly a prieoner. The lad gave one scream that echoed high and far overthe forest; be had one eptem of sttraggling, and then all his limbs telaeed, and he fell limp into his captor's aone. Dick heard the csy and turned. HIe esaw Matcham fall; and on the instant hi spirit and etrength revived. With a cry of pity and anger he unstroung and bent'hi. arblaet. But ere he had time to shoot the leper held up big hand. 'Hold your shot, Dickon 1' cried a familiar voice. ' Hold your bshot. mad wag. Know ye not a friend!' And then laying down Matcham on the turf, he undid the hood from off his face, and dic omed the features of Sir °Daniel Brackley. * Sir Daniel I' cried Dick. * Ar, by thie mass, Sir Daniel,' said the knight. ' Would ye bshoot upon your guardian, rogue? Bet here is this-' And there he brake off, and pointino to Matcham, acked : 'How call ye him. Dic k?' 'Nay,' said Dick. 'I call him Master Matcham. Know ye him not? He said ye knew him.' Ay,' replied Sir Daniel, * I know the lad; and he chuckled. 'But he has fainted, and; by my sooth, he might nave had lees so faint for. Hey, Dick ? Did I put the fear of death upon pun u 'Iondeed, Sir Daniel, ye did that,' said Dick, and sighed again am the mere recolleo ' lion. 'Nay, sir, eeving your respect, I had aslief a' mot the devil in person ;: and to epeak truth, I am yet all a-quake. El what I made re, sir, in ruch a guise!' Sir Daniel's hbrowgrew asuddenly black with I anger. What made It he said. * Ye do well to o mind me of it. What? I skulked for my poor life in my own wood of Tunsrall, Dick. We were ill-sped at the battle : we but got I thereto he swept among the root Where I be al! my good menar-acrme ! Dick, by the 1 ease, I know not. We were swept down; the shot fell thick amonR us. I have not t teen one man in my own colours sines I saw 'hree fall For mrsell, I came sonod to Sheoreby, and being mindful of the Black u Arrow, got me this gown and hell, and camo only ry the path for the Moat Hone. - There is no disguise lobe compared with it ; I the jingle of this bell would scare me the stoutes ouatlaw in the forest; they would all torn pale to hear it. At length I came by ronand Matcham. I could tee but evilrly through this same hood, and was not sure of you, being chiefly, and for many a good 1 cause, aseoniabedatthe finding you together. foreover, in the open, where I had to go elowiy and tap with my stave, I feared to I disclose myself. But see,' he added, 'this t poor shrew begins a little to revive. A little good canary wil comfort me the heart of it.' The knight, from under his long dress, ' prodnced a stoot bottle. and began to rub I the temples and wee thq lips of the patient, who seturned grandually to conascious- I neee, and began to roll dim eyes from oneto I another. 'What cheer, Jack !' aid Dick. * It was no leper, after alt I It was Sir Daniel. s See?!' ý SSwallowme a good draught of this.' said the knight. * This will give you mathood, Therefser,.I wiligive yo both a meal, avd we shalt alt three oon so.TunttalL For Dick,' he continued, laying forth bread and meat upon the grae, 'I will avow to you in all I good conscience, it irks me sorely to be sale between rour walle. Not since I backed a horse have I been pressed so hard ; peril of I life, jeopardy of land and livelihood, and to I sum up, all these lobeles in the wood to hunt t me down. But I be not yet sheat. Some of I n.y lads will pick me their way home. Hatch hath ten fellows ; Seden, be had six. Nay, weehall soon be strong again; and if 1 < can but buy my peace with my right for. tunate and undeserving Lord of York, why, I Disk, we'll be a man again and go a horse. back. And, so saying, the knight fblled himself a" hornofcanary, and pledged his ward in dumb show. 'Seldsn,' Dick faltered-' Selden--' and I he paused again. Sir Daniel put down the wiee nntasted. u SHow ' he cried, in a changed voice. l 'Selden-speak. What of Seldenu' F Dick stammered forth She tale of theu amboush and the massaces. The knight bhard in silence; but sa he I listened, his countenance became convulsed wish rage and grief. Now here,' he cried * on my right hand I ' swear to avenge it if that Ifail, if that a ipll nos tan men's soule for each, may this a tand withber from my body? I broke this Dckwcrthlikea resh; 1 beggared him toi his 'oar. I burned the thalch about his bead I L. gsseillaloow t n now iometh he bhck to heard ue? Nia, bes, Deck ! worth, but this time it shall go bitter herd I' He was asilent for some time, his face d working. a Ea,' he cried suddenly. 'And you here?' ° he added to tatcham, * swear me an oath to, ollow streight to she-Moas House.' "I will pledge mine honour,' replied v Matcham. What make I with year honour?' cried b hbse knight. Swear me upon your mother's welfare I Matcham gave the required oath; and Sir e Daniel readjusted thehood over his faoes,and k prepared his hell and staff. To see him cooe more in -that'appalliag travestie someebac revived the horrorof his two companions. But e the knight was soon upon his feet SEat with a despatch, he said, ' andfollow ime yrely so mibshouse,' Andwith that he set forth again intothe b woods;and presently after the bell beea to onad, numbering his sep,, and the twolos h set by their uanseted meal, and heard it die a slowly away aphllinto thedistace. SAnd so ye go to Tonstall ' Dick in.1 juticed. r SYea. verily, said Matbam, * when needs mest 'I am braver behind flu Daniel'. back than to hbls faceT D They ate hastily, and set forth along the e path through the airy upper levels of the' Iorest, where great beecbe.. steed apart. among green lawn., and the birds and"m squircelt tade merry on the bougha. Twow bourn later, they began to descend upon the ' other side, and already among the treetops, saw before them the red wails and roofs of 0 Tunetail honie. a \- Here,' said Matcham, pasienr, * ye shall lake rour leave of your friend, Jack, whom I are to *ee no more.. Come Dick, forRive him what he did amis', as he, for bhi part, cheerfully and lovingly forgiveth yeo.' ,And wherefore so? asked Dick. * An r we both go to Tenerall, I shall see you yet ,gain, I Stow, and that rightoftea.u It SYe'll never again see foor Jack Matcham, replied the other, that was so fearful and S barthenoome, and yet plucked you trom the n river ; ye'll not see him more, Dick, by mine o honour.' He held his ams open, and the p laos embraced and kissed. 'And, Dick.' cautiuned Matcham, * my splrit bodeth ill, I Sare now to Mse a new Sir Daolel for taretofoce hath all proepered inhos bands S exceedingly, and fortune followed him; but now, methinks, when hftble hath come t upon him, and. he run. the adventore at his 1sf., he will prove bt a foot lord both of t us. He may be brave in battle, but he bath the liar's rye; there is fear in bim eye. Dick, a 'od tear lut:e cruel~ a.he wolf. We goI down isho that house, Saint Marygeld. us I lorth again.' And so they sontinned their descent in silence, and cameout atiast beforeSir Daniel'a e forest stroeghold. where ii stood, low and r.badIy, flanked with round towers anda sined I with mote and lichen, in the liried warrsof the moat Even as they appeared, the doors i were opened. the bridge lowered and er Daniel himself, wiih Hatch and Clu paraon at him side, stood ready to rsceive them. _ _ BOOK IL THE MOAT HOUSE. CHAPTER I. DIOK ASKS QORBTIONs. The Moat House rtood no' far from the rough forest roed Errernally, it was a cmpact rectuarge of red stone, flanked at rack Corner by a round tower pierced for archery. end battlemented at tshe top Within, it enclosed anarrow court. The moat was perhape 121t. wide, crossed by a eingle drawbridee. It was eappled with water by a trench leading toe forest pool. rnd commanded, through its whole lenogh, from the battlemetrs of the two seothern towers And ezeept that oneor two tall and cbick trees bad': been suffered to remain withinbealf a bow-shos of the walls, the bouse' as in a sood pointrs for defence Intsbecort' Dlrc found a pert of the gar rison' bear with preparations for defence, and gloomily 'discossoi; the chaos.. of a 'ssiege. Bn 'wr aking arrows: sasm r- apemg swords 'tat t - be . d's. . Twelve dof Si Daniet' party had eecaped s a the battle, run the gauntlet through, I the wood, and come alive to the Most o House. But oat ot this dozen three had I e bea gravely wounded ; two at Rising- a Shbam, in the disorder of the rout; one by r John Amend-All's marksmen s he crotded I Sthe foret. This raised the form of the Srarriwd . oousting Hatch, Sir Daniel. and t a yountShelton, to twenty-twoeffective men. ( And more might be eoUtinully expected to t Sarrive. But the spitite of all had been t shaken by a series of grisly incidents. At different periods of the evening and the S.night, no fewer than seven riderless horser t had come neighing in terror to she gate. Two were from Selden's troop ; five belonged t, to men who had ridden with Sir Daniel to h e the field. Lastly, a little before dawn, a spearman came staggering to the moat side, If pierced by three arrows; even as they rearred him in, his spirit had depaited ; but W by the words that e uttered in his agony, he 91 a muet bave been the last survivorof a conei. re derable company of men. It was the terror of the Black Arrow that oppressed men's spirit.. For their open a foes of the party of York, in these most c: i changing times, they felt but a far away a rconcern. The world,' as people said in n I those days, might change again' before I harm came. But for their neighbours in the wood they trembled. It waenot Sir Daniel h Salne who was a mark for hatred. His'men, I conscious of impunity, had carried them. tl selves cruelly through all the country. Harsh 8( commands had been harehly executed ; and h1 of the little band thatnowsat talking in the a court, there was not one but had been guilty it of some act of oppreseion or barbarity. y And now, by the ftottus of war, SirDaniel b had become powerless to protect his Instruments.; now, by the issue of some hours of battle, at which many of si them had not been present, they had all Il become punishable traitors to the State, outside the buckler of the law, a shrunken company in a poor lortreae ti that was hardly tenable, and exposed upon h all aides to the just resentment of their victims. *i Hatch himself showed, under his Ena. brown, the pallorof anxiet ; and when he a had taken Dick aside and learned the fate of Selden, he fell on a otone bench, and fairly wept. The others, from where they Sat on t stools or doorstep in the aunny angle of the nmurt. looked at him with wonder and Si alarm, but none ventured to inquire the to cause of his emotion. Is ' Nay, MSster Shelton.' said Hatch, at last -' nay but what said I? We sha all go. Selden was man ofi his and ; he was like cc a brother tome. Well. he e gene second; well, we shall all follow. For what said fi their knapv rhyme 1-* A black arrow in each black heart.' Was it not so it went? in Appleyard, Selden, Smith, old Humphrey Rooe; and there lieth poor John Carter, in crying, poor sinner, for the priest,' tC Dickgave ear. Oat of a lor window, hard ni by where they were talking, groans and * murmura came to his ear. ' SLieth he there ' he asked. ' y, in the second porter'a chambir., r answered IHatch. ' We could notbear him c, further, soul and body were so bitterly at E odds.. At every step we lifted him; hle d thought to wend. But now, methinke, it i di the soul that suffereth. Iver for the priest w he crieth, and Sir Oliver. I wot not why, still cometb nos. 'Twill be a long h shrift: but poor Appleyard and poor Selden, pi they had none.' a Dick stooped to the window and looked in. r The little cell was low and dark, but hecould di make out the woanded soldierlying moaning i on bis pillet. te 'Carter, poor friend, how doeth it V he cl asked. rC SMauter Shelton.' returned the man. in an s excited whisper. "for the dear light of di Heaven, ring thepriest. Alack, I am sped; I am brought very low down; my hurt il to w the death. Ye may do me no more service; w this shall be the last Now, for my poor al ounl's interest, and as a loyal gentleman, cl bestir you : for I have that matter on my if coscience that ball drag me deep. h He groaned, and Dick heard the gratina of his teeth, whether in pain or terror. w Jest then Sir Daniel appeared upon the threshold of-the hall. He bad a letter in one hand. . h ' Lade,' be said, ' we have bad a shor, we have had a rumble ; wherefore, then, deny it? Rather it imputeth to get speedily again to ts saddle. This old Hary the Bixt ba hbad the undermost. Wash we, then, out hands of him. Make we. then, friends upon the other D party I Now, lads, 7' are none of you lame in the band-I shall sy to much in your tc commendation-and some have pretty wite. Let these concive m meaning. I have a ki good friend that rideth next the duke, the ol rd of Wensleydale. Well, I have writ a b letter to my friend, praying his good lordship I' and offering lge satisfaetion for the put, w and reasonable surety for the future. Doubt not but he will lend a favourable ear. A 0 prayers without gifts is like a wag without bl mesi : I surfeit him with romises, boes- e I spare nos to promise, Whrt, then, is ni laeIt Tl. .Nay. a great thinl--wherefore Sbona I e - o T-. arru thing and .' i difficult ; a mesenier to beitil sa. wis.i \--y are not ignorant of that-lie tbick witb wI our ill-willers. Haste tsmost needful; hbu a' without sleight and caution all is nught. ' Which. then, of this company will take me J this letter, bear me It to my Lord of to Wensleydale, and bring me the answer c back? lo One man instantly aroMe. ti 'I will, an't like you,' said he. I will even risk my carcase.' to SNay, Dicky B wyrer, not so' returned the knitht. 'It likes me nor. Y" are aly,' i indeed, bat not speedy. Ye werealaggara A ever.' SAa't be 1so Sir Daniel, here am I,' cried another. . D 'The saints forfend I' said the knight. ' Y' arespeedy, but not sly. Ye would blunder me headforemost into John Amend All' camp I thank you both for your good oourfe; hut, in oothb, it may not be.' Then Hatch offe md imself, and he also was refused.. I ' I want you be, ood B rent; ' se my right hand, indeed,' returned the kuight.; and then several coming forward in a group, Sir w Daniel at length selected one and gave him the letter. . .e *. Now.' he said, ' upon your good speed and better discretion we do all depend. Bring , me. a good answer back, and before three week Iwill have purged my foreet of these vagaboods that brave as to oar face. .Bat mark it well. Throgmorton ; the metter is W not easy. Ye must steal forth under nilbt, , and go. like a fox; and how ye are to croeeTil I know not, neither by the bridge nor erry.' - ,*I can swim.' returned Throgmorton. 'I I will oome soundly, fear not.' a 'Well, friend, get ie to the buttery,' replied Sir Daniel. Ye shall wim first of ali in nns-brown ale.' And with that he turned back into the hall t SSir DanIel bath a wise tongue,' said Hateh, aside, to Dick. 'See, now, where many a lesser man had aloe-ed the matter over, he speaketh it out plainly to bi com pany.- Heas is a danger, 'a aith, and here at dlmculty ; and j-teth in the very tyinne Nay, by Saint Barbary, he e a born captain I Tl Not a mar bt he la some deal heartened up I See bhwbthey fall again to work.' C This prisei of Bit Daniel put a thought in the lsd'a head. 'Bannetd, be said, 'how came my father by his end T ' Ask me not that,' replied Haeb. * I had no hnn nor knowledge in it; furthermore, I , will even be ailent. Msaster Dick. For look „ yo, in a mima's own business there he may su speak ; bat of heasay matters and of eoim - mon taik.'not so Ask me Sr Oliver-ay. h or Carter, if yewill; notime' n And ,arch set off to make the rounds, a leavineg Dick in a muse. SWerefore would he not tell me ' thought y the lad. ' And wherefore named he Carter II Oarter-nay then Carter had a and in it, prchliance.' He entered the bouse, and pesing some _ little way along a fagged and vaulted pasage, i. came to the door of the cell where the hort ian lay growling. At his entrance Carter " Itarted eagerly. ' Have ye brought the priest ? he cried. * Not yet awhile,' returned Dick. * Y" 'ave a word to tell me first. Howmete my father, Hanrry Shelton, by his death f Th- man's face altered inetantly. ' I know not,' be replied, doggadly. Nay, ye know - welli'--returned Dick. a * eek not to put me by.' * I tell you Tknow not,' repeated Carter. ' Then,' said Dick, * ye shall die unahbrven. i Here am I, and here shrll stay: There shbll no priest eome near yeo. rel aesured. For of what avail is penitence, ao ye have no mind to riaht thoen wrdnig ye bad a hand a in and without penitence, confeesion is but mockery.' ' Ye ray what ye mean not, Master Dick,' said Carter. compoedly ' It is ill tbreaen- a ing thbe dying. and beometh yoa, to sloak truth. li''e. And for asllttle a it eom. i mends yoo, it eball serve rea lessa Sly an o I te _aesse. Ye will' condemn my wml-e Sshallea'r uothing' There I last wonrd I • ,U.?v'bl id-" ?,mTm+,+ ?0ms'~-lt .,mr?! '" yf ' . Au tie wouadesd can sdram apou onow. 'Dick. to say tib, bed egekse hestily; mnd was ashamed o his threat. Bat be maide one moire effort. Oarter,' he said, * mistake me not I know ye were but an instrument in the hand. of other; a churl mot obeyr his lord d would not bear beavily on euch an one. Bu I begin to learn .upon many tides that this great duty lieth on my youth and ignoraac, to avenge my father. Pritbee, then, god Cater, met melds the memory of my thretens. ntose, and in pure goodwill and honest pent. tence give me a word of help.' The wounded man lay silent; nor, say .bat Dick pleased, could he eztraci snoths, word from him. SWell,' said Dick, 'I will go call the priest to you as ye desired' for howsoever ye be in fals to me or mine. I would not be willingly in rault to any, least of all to one upon the last change.' Again the old soldier heard him without speech or motion; even' bin groans he had suppressed; and as D:ck turned and left the room, he was filled with admiration for that uogoed fortitude. And yet,' he thought, 'of what use is courage without wit?! Had his hands been clean, be would have spoken; his silence did confees the secret loader than words. Nay, noon all sides, proot floweth on me. Sir Daniel be or his men, hath done this thing.' Dick paused in the tone passage with a heavy heart. Ag that boor, in the ebb of Sir Daniel's fortune, whbn he was belesgared by the archers of the Black Arrow, and pro scribed by the victorious Yorklste, was Dick, osio, to tarn upon the man who bad nourished sad taught him, who had severely panished, indeed, but yet unwearyingly protected his youth? The necessity, if it should prove to be one, was cruel. 'Pray Heaven be be innocent ' he said. And then steps sounded on the flagging, and Sir Oliver came gravely towards the led. 'One seeketh you earnestly,' said Dick. 'I am upon the way, good Richard.' said the priest 'It is this poor Caster. Alsak. hets beyond cure.' S'And yet his soul is sicker than hie body,' answered Dick. 'Have ye seen him?' asked Sir Oliver, with a manifest start. SI do but come from him,' replied DIck. 'Whet eaid he? wat eain. ate!' mapped the priest, with extraordinay esgeese ' He but cried for yoa the more piteonsly, Sir Oliver. It were well done to go the laIler, for his hart is grievous,' returned the lad, S'I am straight for him,' was the reply. 'Well, we have all our sins. We must all come to our latster day, good Richard.' S'Ay, sir; and it were well if we all came fairly,' answered Disk, The priest dropped his eyes, and with an inandible ben, diction hurried on. 'He, too I' thought Dick-' he, that taught me in piety I Nay, then, what a world is this, if all that care for me be bloodygilty of my father's death? Vengeance 1 Alas I .hat a ore fate is mine, if Imast be avenged upon my friends 1' T'he thought put Matcham in his head. He smiled at the remembrance of his strange companion, and then wonderedwhere be was. Ever eirce they had come together to lbe doors of She Moat House tbeyounRer lad had disappeared, and Dick began to weary for a word with him. About an hourafter, mass being somewhat hastily run through by Sir Oliver, the com pany gathered in the hall for dinner. It was a Ipog, low apartment, strewn with green ruahee, and the walls hung with arras in a design of eavage men and questing blood hounds; here and 'here huig spears and bowre and bocklers ; a fire blated in the big chimney; there were arras-covered beuches round the wall, and in the midst of thebs table, fairly spread, awaited the arrival of the dinere. Neither Sir Daniel nor his lady made their appearance. Sir Oliver himself was abeent, and here again there was no word of Matcham. Dick began to grow alarmed, to recall his companion'a melan. choly forebodings. and to wonder to himnelf if ary Soul play had befallen him in that braes. After dinner he found Goody IIHatch, who weeas hurrying to my Lady Brackley. 'Goody, he ssid, ' where is Master thm I prithe ? I saw ye go in with him when we arrived.' The old woman laughed aloud. SAh, Master Dick,' she said, 'y' have a famoue bright eye inyour head, to be sure 1 and laughed again. 'Na, but where is he, indeed' persisted Diek, Ye wilt never see him more,' she es. turned-' never. It is sure.' An I do not,' returned the lad, 'I will know the reason why. He came not hithe of hisfull free will: ech aa I am, Iam bih beets protector, and I willsee him Joetly eusoed. There be too many mysteries; I do begin to weary of the gasme i' Butas Dick wasspeakinga heavybhand fe' on his shoutder. It waaBennet Hatrh thot had come unperceived behind him. With a jerk of his thumb, the retainer dismissed his wife, Friend Dick.' he said as soon as they were alone. 'are ye a moon-stracknatural? in psamcs, ye were ý'tteii stall Meot House. Y have q e y' have baited Carter; y' hae frlighted the jackpriest with hints. Bear ye more wisely, tool; and even now, when Sir Daniel calleth you, show me a smooth face for the love of wisdom. Y' are to be sharply ques tioned. Look toyoor answers. ''Hatch.' retarded Dick, 'in all thbis I smell Rgailty conscience.' An ye so not the wiser, ye will soon smell blood' replied Bennet. '1 do but warn you. And here cometh one to call yeou.' And indeed, at that very moment, amees saenger came aeroes the court to summon Dick into the presence of Sir Daniel. (io at oarnelsn.) 