(Boot) Stories. The Mysterious Letter. A VTELL AUTHENTICATED GHOST STORY. ' A party of travellers on an Intercolonial steamship were telling ghost stories. The | Her. Mr. Cryder of the Church of England was of the party. He listened, but did not talk. When all the others had exerted all their ability in the- production of goose pimples, a facetious youth urged.Mr. Cryder, who was a man of much dignity, to tell his experience. No one thought he would com ply. But he did. “ Ten years ago," he said, “ I was a poor curate in a small Berkshire village, where through the influence of some friends, I received an invitation to preach a trial ser mon at one of the London churches. No time was to be lost, for I had to provide a substitute, arrange my ideas, pack my things, and cverthing being at last in proper shape, I hastened to the railroad station to take the lightning express for London. “ So absorbed was I in my thoughts, for a call to London is an event in a young curate’s life, I may say the event, that I paid no at tention to the surroundings, but suddenly I noticed a person walking before me on the plank road whom I had not seen before. He was a stout, square-built man, with red whiskers and a bald head, who seemed to suffer intensely from the heat, for lie carried his hat in his hand and pulled out a. large blue . handkerchief,..’no- doubt to - wipe the. perspiration from his,brow; for it was a very sultry August .day. ' V ; r . 35.“ In taking out his handkerchief he dropped I picked it up to give'it to him, whensud denly I sa w that the address was in my mother’s hand-writing—my sainted mother’s, who had been dead for more than five years. ■ “ I stopped in surprise. I rubbed my eyes; but there it wa3, my dear mother’s well known writing, and' the letter was ad dressed : •- _ To the Rev. Benjamix Cryder, ‘ “ * Stonebridge, “ County of Berkshire, “ ‘England.’ “ That was I. “ There wa3 no postmark on it, and I did not know whether to open it or ask the red whiskered man for an explanation, when I heard the shrill whistle of a locomotive and saw the train roll into the station. I ran as fast as my legs would carry me—ran, as it were, for dear life; for when I reached the station the train was gone, and so was tho letter. I thought I must have dropped it. I hastened to the very spot where I had found it, but in vain, and after an hour’s needless search,-could do nothing but telegraph to London and resign myself to my fate, fur it was the last train on Saturday night, and I thought I had lost my only chance iu life. “ ‘Thy will be done,’ I prayed that night, ‘and if I am to remain a poor curate, let me thank Thee for Thy great mercy to have kept me away from the wickedness of the great city and its manifold temptations.’ “ When next day I went to church, bright with cheerfulness, my parishioners stared as if they had seen a ghost, and ihe sexton rushed forward, grasping me by both hands. “‘You alone saved, Mr. Cryder!’ “ ‘ Saved from what ?’ •“From the railroad wreck.’ “‘I don’t know of any railroad wreck. Has there been an accidents V' *• ‘ Why, the train on which yon meant to go to London has been thrown down an em bankment. and nearly every passenger killed !’ The ghost story tellers were speechless, ami even the facetious youth did not dare to doubt the reverend narrator’s truthfulness. “ Did you ever obtain a clue to that mys terious letter! ’ Mr. Cryder was asked. “ Never. I regard it as an interference of my departed mother by special permission of Providence.” 1 “ And how did it end 2” “ I preached in London on the next Sun day and wa3 installed as rector of St. —— Church a few weeks afterward. 