TIHE BUNYIP. Every one who has lived in Australia has heard of the Bunyip. It is the one respectable lesh-curdling horror of which Australia can boast. The old world lois her tales of ghoul and vampire, of Lorelei, sotook, and pirie, hut Australia has nothing but her Iuuyip. There never were any fOaun in the eucalypitus forests, nor any naald1 in the running croeks. No mythologicll hero left behindl himnt stories of wonder and en/mh:ttnlent. No white maln's hand has c?ured reoordsof t poetic past on tlhe grey, volcanic-o-oking luhlders thatovershadow som0 lonely guillios. Thoere Ire no epulchres I hewn in thle lounotain rampalrt surrounding a certain dried-rup lkake-probably the crater of an extinct volcaino-ui-nod whic)h in truth ,uggests pojibhilitiis of a forgotten city of Kr. Nature and civilization have ,been very niggard here in ail that makes rmnanc0. No Australian traveller ever salw the Bunyip with his own eyes; attd thoughi there are m1any stocknen's y)ams and black's lpatters, which have y to do with this wonderful monster, they have all the hazy uncertainties which usually envelop information ofl the lgenlary kind. Soumenight, rbtlps, ( when you ire ritting over it ctnloplire, brewing quart.-pot toe. and otking store tobacco, with the spectral whitoguman risinglike an army of ghosts around you, and tIle horses' hobbleu chlainking cheerfully in tihe distance, you will ask one ot the overhanding hands to toll you wlhat Ihe knows aIbout the Bunyip. 'The1 buelunal will warm to hi0 subject as readily as an Jrishman to his h(anooee. tIo will in digntantly repel your iinsiuation that the Ilunyip may be, after all, ais mythical an Alice's Jabberwock; and he will forthwith proceed tola relate how a friend of his had ta mate, who knew another chap, who hadl once i) his life had a narrow escape from the Ilunyip, and had1 natoully beheld it. He himself has never not es uoluro tih bunyi1 , nor has his mate, but thr i ot the stm lent doubt thlt the other chap lua seeni it. When facts come to be boiledI down, holwevcr, " the other chlap's " statements will seem curiously vague nrty contradictory, and, if the details are to be accepted as they stand, a reinarkablo contribution to natural history mast be the result. The Bunyip is the Australian eea.-serpont, only it differs from that nmuch.disputed fact or fiction in that it does not inhabit the ocean, hbut maes its hoiio in lagoons and still, doop water.holes. For rivers and runling croeeks, it )lappears to have an aversion. No black fellow will object to bathe in a river bocauso of the Bunyip, but he will shalke his woolly head imyn teriously over many anl innocent-looking water- I hole, and decline to dive for water-lily roots. or scmo utch delicacy dear to the Ilebriginal stomach on the pleao that "Dobil.debil sit down there." lDehil.doeil and lBlunvip are synonymiousi tonas with thi bltsk fellw while he 10 0n the bank of a lagoon, though " Debil. debil" in the abstract represents a much more indelfiite source of dilanger, and has a far wider scol0 of action than most mythological deities. "Dolil.dobil" loi convenienttwl y of accounting, enot only for plague, sicknless, ?and disaster, hbut also for peace, Iienty,andgoodfortune. Accord ing to the religious code of the Austrtlhias abhoriginal, Ormuuzd and Ahriman do not work at opposite poles, but nlnl)hilne and concoltratey th uiselvens uder one symbol. Thie supremacy of Dubhil-dlebil is uncontested, anti 110 dels1 out promiscuously benefits and ealamities front the iame hand. A medicine-man, profe.soing to is0 in confidoutial conmnication with Debil-dehil, may kill or cure a black fellow according to his pleasure. The natives have a superstition, in Sconnnon with many primitive nations, that if an Senmny lpossesses himself of a lock of hair front the head of one to whom he wishes ill, and1 buries it in the ground hbeneath a guEn-tree, the despoiled person will sicken and die as the hoir rota away. In that se0, Debil-dhubil munt be ii "pialla-ed" [ontrested] hy the nick person to lunbury the hair and cant it into the fire, when the charm will hbe dissolved. The medicine mlan, therefore 1has but to assure his patient that Debil-dobih has refused or acceded to his roquest, and death or 01opedy recovery will be the coeqlluenice. The blacks have an impish drollery and lovo of )nischief, 1and they delight in imposing on the credu. I lity of their white auditors. Thus the I stones of their su erstitioni miiast not be accepted too literally. ]ut it in certain that when they show a distincet reticence in reugard to anly reputed article of faith, it mally Ssafely he looked upon us ienuino. The blacks never will volunteer intormation about the Blunyip; it has always to he dragged out) of the1n. W1,hen a black disappCars, it is generally under. Sstoodl that the Bunyip has got hold of hiii, and the particular wator-hole in which the monster is supposed to live becomes store than over an Sobject of terror and a place to be avoided. The lwater-holo may have hitherto been uncon. 1deanled by tralition, and thohlacks may choose to disport thetmselves in it; but if one of thlom, seized with crump or enmeshed in weeds, eink to rlise no more the terrible cry of " iBunyip" goes forth, and those waters are front henceforth Shunned. ' The B3unyip is said to bel) an a lmphibious Saninual, and is variously described-sometines as It gigantic n0ko ; sometimes as t species of Srhinioccros, with it snmoth pulpy skin and a head like that of a calf:; oonetimes us a hugo pig, its Sbody yellow, crossed with black stbtr1e(. But it is also paid to be soniething itore than a)nimal, and amllOlng its stperniatunal attrihbutoes are the, 0 cohl, awesone, uncltnny foeling which creeps Sover it comupatny at night when the Buntip t becomes the subjectof conversation; and is c0r 1 tain nuagnetic atminoslphero. supplosed to envolop t the creature and to spread a deadly influence Sfor some space around, rondering even its Svicinity dangerous, in lparticularly dwelt upon. SAccording to legend, it attracts its prey by I noans of this mysterious enm0natioi, and when S tfltieintly near, will draw miat or boast down t to the wttter, and suck the body under, aad a without sound or struggle the victim disappears, Sto be seen 1no more. It is silent and stealthy, f and only very rarely, they nay, and always at hnight, has lbeen soon to rise partially front the b(lack 1water1, which it loves, and utter a strange 1m0:niing cry like that of a child or ait wonmn i u pain. 'IT'hrn is at theory that water is is )owerful conductor for the kind of ilectricity it gives out, and that at pool with dry, abrupt hanks, and no outlying mort.s, i.n tolerably safe to drink from or to carni) by ; but i) lagoon lying utid swamp has always an evil repou tation, and in eomi districts it is very difficult to persuadle i black fellow to venture into such a (11(1(10. 'rIl following story was told by an old chief to moe when I was it Australia rogarding the 1 hunyip:-"It ng algo two brothers-ono of r them so tall that ieto looked down on overyb0ody, and the other of ordinary sizeo-went to a Sswamnp to got swans' eggs. They found a great 0 many; and, whileo roasting somie of them on the hbank of the lagoon, the smaller of the brothers said that he must get some more from the OswaInlp. The tiller o01o forbade him to go alone. However, lhe did go.lefound a nest in the middlo of the lfgoon, aid took the egg. When rturn. tig to the 0horo, he hoard a rush of water u hehind him, and1 s0 w the water-fowls in front of him hurrying along the water (1 if frightened. At thi 0amEn tioie the bottom of the nhrohl hoeaioo no soft that he stuck mii the mud, and could not go forward. A great wave overtook , him 1nd carried him back to the nest, where a a large hunyip caught him in its mouth. It held hint m o high th1t his m )rother oaw him. Some 11,1urs aftedrwards the water bocome caln. The e tall brother then took a oheet of (ark and put (1 n fire on it, lnd approachling the nest, (1w h10 , brother inm the mouth of the Iunyip. Splcaking to the hlluyilp, he said0 : I Be 11u01t, an00 lot me take my brother.1 The hunyip gnmshed, its teeth and gave him up); but lie was dead, and his cntrall1 had beon devoured. The brother took the body aEshoro and laid it near the fire, and wept. Hie then went for his friends, who cat1 a0n1 carried the corps0 to their hom1 . After he had watched it for two days, the relatives 11ut it i0 a tree for oime moon, and then burned it, with the oxception of thu leg and oriri hones, which) wer0 given to the frienda of the deceased." Th' first white man who made h1s apploar an)e at Port Fairy ta locality nanied after a mnall vessel 10lled the Fairy) was coimidered by th1 aborigines to 11 I sulpemratural being : and as he wasd iscoverod in the oct of smoikng a pipo, they said he must be m ulo of firo, for they s01w umoke cominig out of his nouth. A. S. T. 