ROY'S REPEN TANCE. A NOVEL. Bv ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of "Tacohi's Wife," "Under False Pretences," " No Saint," &c;,, &c.; [rub'ished by special arrangement with t'as auUioi'C33 All rights reserved J CHAPTER III.-(Continued ) The farmhouse door wa3 opened by tha farmer's wife, who3e grave face made him enquire eagerly after her lodger's stafce. " Mr. Carew was much worse," said the good woman. "He had been very un« easy all day, and kept sending out to see if Mr. Joscelyn was not coming. Tae young lady, too,, was in great trouble ; and would Mr. .Tosceljn go up to Mr. C*rew s room at once ?" J oscelyn went upstairs and knocked at the sick man's door. It was opened almost immediately, and Ruse stood before him -but how changed from the brilliant smiling Rose he knew. The girl's face was white, her eyeB were red and swollen, her throat seemed to be tremb ling with half-suppressed sob3, to which she dare not give vent. Roy involuntarily put out both Ills hands. "Rose," he said. "Rose my darling !" He had never called her so before. He did not know how she might rebuke him for his audacity, and as soon as the word was spoken he trembled at his slip of the tongue. Bub she made no intelligible response. With, something that was half a sob and half a cry she escaped from the touch of his hands, and rushed past him down the crooked stairway of the old fashioned house. Roy looked after her with a sharp momentary pang. Was she going to meet her lover, or was she simply trying to get away from him ? He sighed as he went into the bedroom, and shut the door. A3 soon as he looked at Mr. Carew he saw that there had been what sick-nurae3 call a " change." The man was sitting up in bed supported by pillows ; there was even an air o f unusual energy in his pos ture. But his features were sunken ; there was a pinched, white look about hi3 noao and a haggard hollowness of the eye sockets, which told their own tale to an experienced watcher. It was plain that Mr. Carew was not long for this decidedly unsatisfactory world. He did not at first sp9ak when "Roy ap proached his bedside, but looked at him keenly from out of his hollow eye3, and held up one long, Jwasted finger as if to check the words upon his lips, Roy waited, aghast. Was the man out of his mind that he should act so oddly '!? The words that he spoke did not tend to re solve that doubt. " Listen," said Mr. Carew in a high, gasping voice, which had a strange and unnatural sound to Roy's ear, "Listen. I have something to say. I withdraw my opposition. If you wish-to marry Rosa mond-I should have no objection to make. I should like-1 should like-to see her your wife before I die." Buy started. This wa3 not what ha had expected to hear. Ha was conscious of a curious sensation-something like an electric thrill-a shock that was not pain ful and yet had painful elements, A vision of Rose's pale, tear-swollen face flashed through his brain. Some of the sentences in fair Kenrick's letter darted across his mind. And yet there was uo appreciable pause before he answered steadily " 1 bhall be the happiest of men on the day when Rose becomes my wile. But will she consent) ?" Mr. Carew looked at him for a moment, with the fixed, smiling gaze which Roy had already found so oii'eoaivo, and then answered briefly " ^he has consented." " May I go to her? Mrv I see her?" cried Roy. His pulses were up to fever height already. " Presently - presently. '' The old man's voice was growing feeblo, and he gasped for breath as he went on. "I want to see her settled-and happy--be fore I die. Can that be done ?" "If she wili consent, it sha,il be done. I wili get a special license, and before the end of the week " "Bless you, my dear boy." Mr. Carew extended his long white fingers and pressed Roy's rather unwilling hand. " You will make me die happy. I am not BO heartless as you thought me. I do care, you see, for my Rose's future, And now you will ring the bell sharply twice." Roy did as he was desired-quietly enough, in spite of liis inner excitement. It seemed to him as though the earth was reeling beneath his feet, as though the scenes before his eyes danced in a bewil dering mist. There was an intense, ex hiliarating sense of defiance of the world, of heroic mastery over his own life. No reminder of the risk that he ran in dis obeying Sir Kenrick's express commands, of the danger to his prospects and the downfall of his friends' hopes, would at that moment have had any effect upon him. "The world," he would luva said, " tfere indeed well lost for love." The door opened to admit Rosamond Carew. She was pale, but she looked caim and self-possessed. Her eyes had been bathsd, her hair smoothed ; she had even added a flower to her adornment, as if to show that she considered the moment an auspicious one. Roy was in soma re spects a fastidious man. He was not sure, in spite of his love-mauness, whether he liked that flower. "When Mr. Carew was lying at the point of death did it argue good feeling-or at least good taste-in his "adopted daughter" to bedeck herself with flowers'( But the suggestion passed as quickly as it came, and ho reproached himself for his coid-lieaitedness. Yet he did nob like that flower-a delicate hothouse blossom too. as rare as it was costly. Whore on earth had Rose got it ? He was recalled from these fancies to plain fact by the sound of Mr. Carew's weak voice. "Roee, my dear," he said, "I have spoken to Mr. Joscelyn, and told him that I withdraw any opposition that I have made to Mb wishes and yours." Was there a sneer in his voice ? Jos celyn could not be sure, and did not care. He put out his hand and drew Rose to wards him. He noticed that her fingers were very cold, and that she did not re turn his kiss, Indeed, there was a sullen expression about her lips, a sombre light in her beautiful eyes, which might have repelled a less ardent lover or a wiser man. In an hour Joscelyn was of}' to London. He wanted to lay hands on a sum of money which stood to hia credit In a Lon don bank, to get possession of some family jewels which he meant Rose to wear, and to procure a licence for the marriage. It took liim two days to accomplish these objects, and when on the third day he returned, he was almost prepared to hear that Mr. C«rew's lii'e had already ebbed away. But such had not been the case. Mr. Carew was living, though most of his time was spent in a sort of stupor of exhaustion. Roy's arrival seemed to arouse him. He looked satisfied, and whispered his request that the marriage should take place at once. The sp^ciil licence did away with all difficulties about time and place, and Roy very willingly agreed that the ceremony should bo arranged for that very evening. It was then-only then-that Rosamond de murred. "This evening-oh, no! wait, wait," she said, drawing buck. "My darling, why should we wait?" asked Roy, reading an adorable tender ness towards hor guardian in this desire for delay. But the girl only cast a frightened, agitated glance towards Mr. Carew's pallid face, which was turned to wasdsher with the ghost of its old joering smile. " Yes, why should you wait?" ho said, " I shall not trouble yon long. Thi3 even ing, Roy. I should like to witness the ceremony." Ifc was a strange wedding. A clergy man from a neighboring parish had b-jen afeked to officiate, as Roy knew that it wa3 cruel to expect Mr. Profeifc to do so. That poor gentleman was already iu the direst plight of alarm and anxiety ; lie had had letters from Sir Keurick (confined to his bed by an attack of gout) and from Mrs. Desmond, in plenty ; he had called at the farm, he had expostulated with Mr. Carew, with Roy, with Rose her3oIf, ar.d all to no effect. And so the Rev. Jauie3 Nicol, from the next village, came at G o'clock that evening, and joined the hands and heard the vows of Roy JoBcelyn and Rosamond Carew. The old man lay and listened to the solemn words of the mar riage service with a sort of mocking interest, "When it was over he called Rosamond to his side. " Come and kiss me, my dear," he said. " I wish you happiness. I have certainly done my utmost to secure it. Your vows had a pretty ring about them. ' Love, honor, and cbey'-were not those the words'? Look to it that yon keep your promises." And Jcscelyn, glancing at his wife's beautiful face, saw that it was as white as snow. (To be continued.) 