theatrical and musical Once more it is our pleasing duty to re cord that Miss Detchou is again giving a short season of her peculiarly beautiful entertainments with tbe assistance of Mr. Bending. Abseneo is said to make the heart grow fonder; and it seems that in this case there is a considerable amount of truth iu that assertion, if one may judge from the enthusiastic receptions that announced her appearance, bhe is just as charming as ever, of course, butonc can wcllstand repeti tion in this wise. Mr. Owen's illness still necessitates his absonee from the company, and we must confess that his loss is felt more than his endeavours were appicciated. Last night's entertainment was under the patronage of the U.S. Consul Griffin, and to mark tho occasion, the stur-spangled banner wii3 cosily bung above tbe stage. The same happy com- binauuu of drawing room ornamental art and furniture, with the natural glade of fern tic-es, small palms and shrub i, was simply arcadian, but so cosy and homely, under the fuiut glimmers of tho fairy lamps, that it imparted all the comforts of tbe house together with the sweet loveliness of a sequestered glade. During the even ing, Miss Deletion's admirers fairly con verted the stage into a perfect EJou of | blossoms and bouquets. Mr. Beadiug, ns usual, opened tho programme with a t crisp little item that was just loog i enough and sweet enough to lit exactly. ; The Muslel Organ solos of last night j were in most case3 better received j than heretofore. His first, the oveituie ! from Seimramide, was certainly a moss uieiitorioua performance, whilst in his second endeavour he was still more success- lul, and received an encore for an impro visation on American airs, "Yankee Doodle" being umongst tbe rest, together witn "Uld HentucKy and "the; Star Spangled Bmher." The intco- j duetion of yet another new songster ; was the event of last evening, but we fail to see what claim Mr. Augustus Dudley has to be placed upon a platform of that; calibre. His first endeavour was " Love's Request" (Reichardt), which he saug me chanically, maybe correctly, but without a vestige of expression, perfectly unpi3- sionate, and even at times callous. His voice is not displeasing. In tho second part he was down l'or two tenor solos from Maritana,.the propriety of tho choice we question, seeing that the opera is now running in Sydney. Miss Detehon'a items wcie simply the, best of her repertoire, and ber happiest endeavours. Iu her first item, the "Spinning Wheel" (Waller), she sings that beautiful song of the same namo, by Stella, which is most successfully interpolated. Tho gruff uneasy voice oE tho grand mother then that of a sweet and coaxingly coy maiden, and lastly of a somewhat less musical, espostulating youthful lover, were cleverly ussumou, for which she was deservedly encored, and delighted the folks even more with a faultless ren dering of "The Bugle," in which she interprets the dying echoes as thov chase each other from crag to crag, until they are lost in the eternity of, silenco so faithfully, that one would claim for her the powerB of a ventriloquist. The vehicle traffic and an opposition musical society do not tend to heighten a performance such as thiB. "Tho Frost Fairy," a delightful |frolicking song, com posed by Mr. Bending, was the gem of'tho evening, and we regret that, so far, we have to be contented to know that only MiBS Detchou has sung it before an Aus tralian audience. The song, if introduced, must become an immense favourite, for it is crisp and bright, with a good verve aud yet a scholarly production. An en core followed, and "(Old Folks at Homo " was tho sugar plum to keep the audience quiet. In the second part MIbs Detehon'a task was perhaps the most trying Bhe has yet attempted, iu that she gave " The Famine," or division XX of Longfellow's " Song of Hiawatha." The ghostly sepulchral voice of the first spirit Buckudawin (famine) were trying in the extreme, and were followed by " Be hold mo, I am fever Ahkosewin." In both cases Miss Detchon caused a capital effect, so much so that a fanciful shudder crept through one's veins, despite the fact that she is about the prettiest and mo3t hcaltby-looking ghost on record. The prayer £of Hiawatha to Gitche Manito— for food for Minnehaha, was the embodi ment of anguish and entreaty, the hu3ky voice of old Nolcomis, and tho death- tainted voice of the expiring Minnehaha, were famously assumed. Hiawatha's fare well: — Farewell ! Farewell ! Minnehaha ! Farowoll, O lay Laughing Water. AU my heart is buried with you, All my thoughts go onward with you ! was Miss Detchon's forte, and she suc ceeded in gaining a most wonderful effect. " The New Church Organ," by "Will Carlton, was met with an encore, and the " Bird's Advice to Lovem " wa3 conceded. Tho end came at last, for Miss Detchon's two songs, " Robin Adair " and " Charlie is My Darling," were soon under consider ation, and when the finale came the audience positively looked sad, as though loth to leavo tho spot until thoy felt certain that tho charming little lady was to be beard no more until to-night. The attendance \va3 so good that the faces of Liddy and Lohr bore the usual come-and- bave-a- nip-smilo. There will be no perform- ;mee on Thursday night. It is a somewhat curious coincidence that Mr. W. S. Gilbert and Mr. Sydney Giundy, in their latest contributions to the stage, should have hit upon tho name of Sliadbolt. In " Mamma" wo have Tom, in "The Yeomen of tho Guard" Wilfred, Sbitdbolt. "My first experience (unites tho late Lester Wallnck in 'Reminiscences of his School Days') on any stage was at an establishment at Mitcbam, in Surrey, called Baron Houso Academy, a fine old mansion which had become a private school. Colman's ' Heir at Law' was pro duced immediately before the beginning of the summer holidays, upon an impro vised stage in the Bchool-room, with the English psher as prompter and general manager. As the son of ' the celebrated Mr. Wallask,' it was fell; proper, natu rally, that I should take pirb, and I was billed for the speech from Home's tragedy of Douglas — ' My name is Norval' — although I was only ten years of age. I was dressed in a red tunic trimmed with fur, white trouseis and red shoes, and camel a round wooden shield and a wooden sword painted blue. As for the lines, I buppsse I must havo painted llum red. How I Bpoke them heaven only kaowa. I oily remember that I never missed a syl lable. My next appearance was at another Bebool performance given at Brighton, when 1 was about 15 yeacj old. This was at a seminary kept by a Mr. All free, which was then rather celebrated, and the play was Pizarro. At that time my uncle, Henry Wallask, was stage manager at Covent Garden. Of course all the boys were racking their brains and ransacking the shops to find what thoy should wear. My mother applied to my uncle, who sent down a lot of splendid properties, a leopard skin robo and all the necessary things for Kolln, all of which were, of course, very much too large for me, particularly the sandals. I remember nothing of tho play except that it went off with a great deal of applause, but I do re member that the end was a most undigni fied one for me, because as 1 fell dead I fell just exactly where the curtain must como down on mo ; and when it began t > descend tbe boy who played Alonzo and one of the soldiers stepped forward, and taking ine,one by one leg and one by tho tbe oilier, dragged me up the stage, a bit of new business ' which wu3 greatly ap preciated if I might judge from tho ' roais ' in in front." 