Footlight Flashes. SYDNEY.-A now tragedian has been introduced in the person of Mr. George C. Mila, an Ameri can aotor, who, in Her Majasty'a Theatre, on Saturday, tho 6th instant, made his first appearance as Hamlet. It is one of the commonest of all oom monpIaooB that, while it needs histrionic talent of the first order to aohievo a groat Buooees in tho oharaoter of the Danish Prince, on tho other hand, no fairly capable performer is likely to prove an ah solnte failure in that assumption. Well-worn as the romark is, it will hear a repetition in the oseo of Mr. Miln. It was almost at once apparent that he had gifts and acquirements whioh preolnded the possibility of his Hamlet having to be added to tîie unfortunate list whioh has just boon alluded to, and that.at any rate, they were sure to carry him through his task with orodit. A good face and figure, a voice of con siderable power and compass, together with a clear and distinot enunciation, wore immediate passports to the favorable opinion of tho audienoo. As the play proceeded, it became plain that Mr. Miln's study of tho part ho represented had been painstaking and profound. If the results were not altogether pro portionate to the labor and intelligence which had evidently boen bestowed on thom, at loasi they always olaimod the attention duo to unmistakably earnest efforts ; whilo in some instances there oould bo no diffiaultv in recognising thom aB well dirooted efforts. In many respects^ Mr. Miln shows a completo independence or tradition. The most notabio example is afforded in tho oloset soeno with the Queen. The Ghost is not visible to the audience, an innovation whioh certainly derives mnoh warrant from the toit, and by whioh Mr. Miln manages to secure one of the most striking offoots of his whole porformanoo. There aro other innovations of a more questionable kind ; but it is not necessary to dwell upon them hero, as in the present brief notioe it ia of lesa moment to diaouaa the merits or domoritB of Mr. Miln's conception than to convey a general idoa as to how ho actually works it out. Thore can bo no hesitation in saying that ho does so in a style whioh, whatever be ita faults, has considerable vigor and impressiveness. His Ophelia was Mies Louise Jordan, who has accompanied him from America. Her aoting won moBt applauso in tho mad scene ; but it may he remarked that hor "business" in that particular soene suggested a theory with reference to tho daughter of Polonius whioh finds little aooeptanoa with Shakespearian students. The King and Queen were satisfactorily depicted by Mr. H, R. Jewett and Misa Emily Fitzroy, and tho Ghost by Mr. C. Hall. Polonius was creditably played by Mr. Stirling Whyte. Mr. Waltor Howe was a passible Laertes 5 whilo Mr. J. R. Greville was quito at home aa the First Gravedigger. The tragedy waa plaood on the atago ' in auoh a manner as might have been expected from the well-known liberality and good taste of tho man agement. " ' Hnmlet' has boen followed by Lord Lyt ton's play of * Richelieu.' " In spite of its stilted lan guage, and the obvions staginess of its oonstruotion, the opportunities whioh it presents to an aotor>com petent to impersonate its leading oharaoter will bo apt to recommend it to both players and playgoers for many a day yet. Lofty courage, noble aspirations, tender and generous impulses are supposed to have been strangely associated with moro incongruous qualities in the famous Minister of Louis XIII., and, good and bad, to have boon equally regulated by the exigenoios of stato oraft. As drawn by Lord Lytton, the various moods of Richelieu are contrasted in a sufficiently rapid and surprising fashion; and it must bo admitted that the olemont of picturesqueness has not boen forgotton. The triumph of intellectual strength over physical infirmity and decay is em phasised in Mr. Miln's portrait of the great Cardinal. Tho figure seems that of a very shrnnk and feeble old man, whose movements in the earlier saenes pivo no hiut of the tremendous energy whioh Richelieu puta forth when, later on, the oooaaion calls for suoh a display. The grim humor of tho character is well brought out, as are tho softer traits which Richelieu exhibits in relation to his orphan ward; Julie de Mortomar, whilo abundant vehemence is imparted to the cele brated passage in whioh the Cardinal invokes tho thunders of the Churoh, and, again, where he de nounces tho baffled conspirators. Mr. Miln's make« up is artiatio; his costumes rioh and appropriate, and worn with grace and dignity. Mis3 Louise Jordan makes a pleasing Julio. But her lovor, tho fiery Adrian de Mauprat, can soarooly bo said to have an ideal roproaontative in Mr. Walter Howe. Tho Baradas of Mr. H. R. Jowett deserves Bpooial mention for ita naturalness and spirit. Mr. Stirling Whyte as the Capuohin, Joseph, plays with his usual oare.-In tho Criterion Theatre, Mr. Georgo Leitoh's season is bein? brought to a OIOBO with the comedy-drama of " Sithora to Grind," a picco whioh, over sinoo its production last Saturday wook, has been reooivod with tho utmost satisfaction by the publia. The story is one of great intorest, though involving little or nothing whioh might not be oasüy imagined to havo happened in ordinary lifo. Two brothers, whoso fortunes havo beon widely dif ferent, are, aftor a long separation, finally brought together. Ono had boon reportod aa dead. Mean while, his only ohild, an accomplished young lady, had, hy the oruelty and greod of a stepmother, boon forced to Beek shelter in the humble home of her unolo, whom, to her astonishment, shodisoovorod to bo identical with a poor old tinker whom she had often charitably patroniaod in the oourso of his rounds. Sho is affectionately welcomed by him and bia daughter, and is soon able to roquito their kind ness, but remains a member of tho family till they aro all rendered supremely happy by tho Budden re appearance of the supposed doad brother. The part of the old tinker is played, with a very happy blend ing of humor and pathos, hy Mr. Leitch, and must servo to increase tho excellent reputation ho has previously won in Sydnoy. Ho haa obtained very valuable support from Miss Myra Kemblo, Miss Ida Herbert, Misa Brenda Gibson, Messrs. Lawrence and Vornon, and from other mem bers of tho Brough and Bouoioault Com Sany.-In tho Theatro Royal Miss Carrio Swain aa boon steadily attracting good houses in "Tho Tomboy." Hor clover dancing, her extraordinary singing, tho spirit whioh ia novor absent from hor aoting, and last, though, of course, not least, hor swimming feat in tho oana! soeno, oonatituto indis putable titles to popularity. Whon " Tho Tomboy " appoara breasting tho water, bearing on her shouldars tho child with whom sho ia escaping, tho audienoo ia roused to a high pitch of oxoitoment, whioh doon not subaido till af ter tho pair havo oomo boforo tho cur tain in their dripping garments. MELBOURNE,--In tho Theatre Riyal Mr. Oharloa Warnor continuos his auoaoonful porformanoo in tho sensational drama of " Hands Across tho Sea." Misa Eaaio Jonyns's farewell aoason in tho now PrinaooB's Thoatro was to bo brought to a oloao thia week.-Tho final performances of Pinoro's comedy of "In Ohauoovy" have boon taking nineo in tho Bijou. Mr. Georgo Titliorßtko'a benefit ia on. nounoed for Friday evening. Tho programme waa to consist of "Kerry" and "David Garrick."-. Mr. Alfred Dampier bogan bia season in tia Alexandra with " His Natural Lifo," last Saturday week, and hm been repeating tho piece nineo.-* Simonson'a English and Italian Opera Company, which recently arrived from Europo, will open thia (Saturday) evening in tho Opera House. BRISBANE. - Tho Hioka-Sawyor Minstrels aro appearing in H.M. Opera House.-" The Mystery of a Hansom Cab," with Mr. H. C. Sidney and Miss Alioo Norton in the prinoipal parts, has been produced in the Theatre Boyal.-Tho Gaiety baa boen tenanted by tho Faust Family. ADELAIDE.--Bland Holt haa succeeded George Darrell in the Theatre Koyal, and has opened in - "Taken from Lifo." STAGE WHISPERS,-Mr, J. C. Dibdin, the author of a recently publiahod and very interesting hook entitled " Annals of the Edinburgh Stago," is a great grandson of tho author and composer ol tho immortal nautical ballad, "Tom Bowling."--Tho new Lessing Theatre in Berlin was to be opened on September ll with a German version of Mr. Wills'a "Olivia," tho oolobrated adaptation from tho " Vicar of "Wakefield" written for Henry Irving.-.* Mr. Gerald Massey haa ro-writton his work on "Shake spsnre and the Sonnets," with muoh new matter. It is to be publiahod under tho titlo of "' Tho Sicret Drama of Shakespeare's Sonneta ; a new work on old linos."-Tho raga for open-air performances of Shakespeare baa spread to the United States. A recent open-air performance of " A Midsummer Night's Dream," with Mendelssohn's music, given in the neighborhood of Boston, waa witnessed by u, Du ut 10OO Oliver Wea dell Holme«. A net sum of .£624 was handed ovor. aa i ho result of tho performance to a local institution. Recently at a theatrical performance in Pesta (Hungary), a fire soono was introduced, tho realism of whioh wea rathor too muoh of a suocoss. Tho audience took it for tho genuine thing, and rushed for tho doors in wild alarm. Fortunately, no hana wan done. The matter was explained ; tho panic ceasod; and the play ondod peaceably,-An interesting feature of the reoont centenary fetes in Daupbiny waa the representation of tho " Odipua" of Sophocles in tho anciont Bomatt amphitheatre at Orango, which waa iUumiu- ' ated for tho oooasion by tho alootrio light.-» Recently in Bolton, Lancashire, tho daughter of a banker ran away with a circus clown, and got married to him in the local registry ofiioe.-The energetic dramatists of tho Theatre Libró in Paris will producá next winter a new version of " King Lear." Although founded on Shakespeare's tragedy, it ia rather oddly announoed that tho now play will " materially deviato from ita model, and will bear an original oharaoter."-Tho performances of tho Frenohaotross, J ano Hading, havoelioitedonthuaiastio applause in those porta of South America which aha bas visited, though it had boen thought that tho chances of her suaoens had boon considerably lessened by the previous visit of Sarah Bernhardt. Mr. Alexander Salvini, who has bocomo a naturalised Amerioan citizen, and who is successfully cultivating the art in whioh his father is BO distinguished, was recently playing in San Franoißoo. Ho is said to bo the most accomplished swordsman in the States. Victorien Sardon has written a new four-aots comedy, tobe produced in tho Gymnase early in tho autumn. Tho titlo, as usual, is kept secret till tho dreBB rehearsal.-It ia rumored that Henry Irving baa accepted, and will himself represent, tha leading part in a play founded on tho late Lord Lytton'fl romance of " Eionzi."-r Herr von Moser's new four-aota comedy, "Wild Oats," has been produced in Loipsig, but tho recep tion aooorded to this latest production of the dramatist to whom we ow« tho originals of ' ' Tba Private Secretary" and " The Arabian Nights," seoma to have been rather friendly than enthusiastic, -There hos lately boon published in Paris a very interesting biography of the celebrated aotor, Froderio Lemaitre, from whioh it appears that some of his earliest euocoasos aa a serious performer were gained in French versions of Shakespeare. Tho seven hnndreth porformanoo of tho comedy« opera of " Dorothy " waa reoettly attained at tho Prince of Waloa'a Theatre, London, with no apparent abatement in the pleasure afforded by its sprightly story, or by Mr. Collier's pleasing musio.-A new drama, entitled " Mahomet," has boon written for the Theatre FranSake, a circumstance whioh recalls tho fact that Voltaire wrote a tragedy of the same name, and that, with fine irony, tho " arch- scoffer" dodioatud it to a Popo. 