JACK AND BESS, OHAPTER XX-(Oontinued.) This poor wretch, who had been torn partly with terror at the thought of going to the Indies to fight, being a desperate coward, and partly with remorse, made haste to obey the Lieu tenant, and departed; and what be came of him, whether he went to his master and confessed and obtained pardon, or whether he was thrown into Newgate and hanged, or whether he fell into worse courses, I know not. ' The way of transgressors,' saith Holy Writ, ' is hard.' There remained the Parson, who said nothing, but waited patiently for his fate. ' As for this man,' said Jack, laying his hand upon his shoulder, ' he is my prisoner. Leave him to me.' This, then, was Jack's revenge He might have seen the men swing-and they deserved nothing short of hiang ing-but it pleased him better to think of these fat, tender-skinned, delicate, over-fed, and drunken rogues, as cowardly as they were pampered, howling under the lash, and muti nously grumbling under the discipline of a King's ship. They were mere landsmen, who had never been to sea at all, even if they had ever been on board a ship (if they had, it was only to look for something to steal). But they had lived on the river side all their lives, and knew the talk of sailors; and they equipped themselves -a part of their trade-in slops and round jackets, the better, to decoy their victims. s The men were still so stupid with the drug 'they had taken that they understood nothing of what was done until athey :had 'first had their heads held under the pump for a quarter of an hours Then they began to remem ber what bad happened; and seeing their late prisoner with the party of captors, they cast rueful looks at one another, and, like the poor 'prentice, looked for nothing short of Newgate, and for the 'fital cart and the ride to Tyburn -"-. which, indeed, for this and many other crimes, they richly deserved. It would have gone hard with Aaron had this been the destination intended for them by their victim. Nothing is more distasteful to a rogue 'than to hang alone, when his brother rogues have escaped. It offends his sense'of justice. Perhaps, .however; th~ going out of the world in so violent a' man ner, in company with an old friend, is felt to be less cold and comfortless than to go alone. But Aaron, as well as these men, was reserved for another fate. This business despatched, and the men, now fully " . awake, drawn up two and twoin readiness to march, Jack addressed them with great courtesy, though the":u silors of the Press grinded and "put' tozngue in cheek. . ' ' Gentlemen,' he said, ' lasi night your hoznours;?oere gobodenough ,o offernin tho hospitality 6f your house; you also debated very seriously whether you should. not .murder me; that you did not do so is the cause why youri honours are 'now handeuffed.' You will go with these honest sailors. and you will thank me henceforth evexy day.,of your lives for my good ness in getting you impressed. Such brave lads 'as you will rejoice to rui up albft in d gale of wind; and the enemy's sho, you will value no more than. a watermnan's jest. You are so smart that the bo's'n's supple-jack will'never curl about your shoulders, nor his rope's-ond make your fat legs jump. As to drink, I fear there has been more punch served out in this house than is good for your health; that is better ordered aboard. And it will do your honours good to see each other brought to the gangway' for the cat-o'-nine-tails sweetly to tickle his fat back. Perhaps you' fresh-water sailors know not the tickling of the cat. Gentlemen, you have a truly happy life before you: I wish your honours farewell.' It was the first speech Jack ever made. If it was not eloquent, it was to the point and intelligible. I do not think the fellows under stood one word of what ho said, being fully possessed with the belief that they were going to Newgate and after. wards to be hanged. And when they presently found themselves taken on board the tender and shoved below deck, and understood that they were pressed for sailors, at first they grinned with joy. One who is threatened with death counts escape on any conditions, even the hardest, a thing to be wel comed with joy unspeakable. But when they discovered, after a few days' experience on board, what was meant by service at sea-a life ol little ease, hard work and short time for sleep, and rough food, with the kicks and contempt which all true man-of war's men show for lubbers, a limited ration of rum, and the necessity of immediate obedience, some of them fell into despair, and would skulk.be low till they were driven up wards by the bo's'n's supple.jack and the gun ner's rattan, and these laid on in no stinted or niggard spirit. Some be came mutinous and insubordinate: none of them knew anything of a sea man's duties, in spite of their sailor's. dress, and were useless save for the simplest work. Therefore, it naturally came to pass that, before long, one after another, they were tied up at seven bells, and soundly trounced, whereupon, their backs being soft and tAnder and unused to the lash, and their dispositions cowardly, aind being ignorant of discipline and respect to their officers, when prayers for pity failed, they fell to cursing the captain and the lieutenants, the bo's'n, and the ship's crew, shrieking and scream ing like mad women. So that they stayed where they were for another six dozen, and this admonition and ins ruction were repeated until they were finally made to understand that a man-o'war is not a crimp's house, no+; a tavern at Wrapping, where every man can call for what he chooses, sleep as long as he pleases, and take his pleasure; but a place where work has to be done, orders must be obeyed, anti punishment in default is as certain as the striking of seven bells. Whether any of them ever returned I know not, but the house was broken up' and their old occupation was de strgyed, though no doubt other crimps' hoisses were soon established in its place. V?hen the Pressgang were gone there remained Jack, still in his rags, and the unlucky recruits. - 'As for you fellows,' he said,:.' my advice is, sheer off. This house is closed. There is no more shelter for you here. Go and hide elsewhere.' "Where shall wve go ?' asked the po6r gamester. ' lere at least we got meat and drink. Whither shall wd go ?' They obeyed, however, and vent out together, parting at the door and seu'lking away in different directions, perhaps to be picked up by another criuap. "Brother,' said Jack to the Parson, ' coane with me. First let me put on my own clothes, and then we will find a lodging for thee. Thou hast saved my:life. Therefore, so long as I have a guinea left, thou shalt have the half.' At first the poor man refused. He burst into tears, declaring that kind ness was thrown away upon a wretch so disgraced and degraded as himself: that it would be better for him to stay whbre he was, and' to receive with resignation the evils which he had brought upon his own head. ' What,' he asked, ' can be done for a man for wh'ose apprehension a reward is off'red and the hue and cry is out ?' 'Reark ye, brother,' Jack repeated : 'thou hast saved my life. If thou wilt not come with me willingly, hang me, but I will drag thee along! What! wouldst remain alone in this den? Come, I say, and be treated for thine own good. What! There was no robbery, after all. As for the hub and cry, leave that to me. I will' tackle the hue and cry, which I value not an inch of rogues' yarn.' : do not know what he understood by the hue and cry, or how he was going to tackle it; but being always a masterful man, who would ever have his own way, he overcame the Parson's scruples, and presently had him away an~l safely bestowed in a tavern at Adgate, where he engaged a room for him, and sent for a tailor, making the Parson put off his tattered cassock and his. old wig, and sit in a night-cap and shirt sleeves until he was provided with clo'thes suitable to his profession, and a wig such as proclaimed it. Then Jack bade him rest quiet a day or two, anc be careful how he stirred' abroad, vhdile he himself made inquirie's 'into his, case, and this matter of the hue andcry. ' ow mar , if you ,please, the vilainy of the man Jonathan Ray meat.. There never had 'been any reward ~effered for the arrest of this poor man at all; there 'was no hue' and "cry after him'; thed gentleman wbom, in the madness of his despair, heo had thought to rob had not fol leoed and tracked him; nothing was known about him at all; and his 'friends were wondering where he was, and why he sent no letters to them. The story of the hue and cry and the reward was invened by Mi'. iRayment, who was, I believe, eldest son to the -father of lies, in order to keep the un happy man in his power, so that he could use him as the servant (or a .slave) of the house as long as he pldased ; or, if he thought it would be 'more profitable, could ship.him as a recruit at any. time. And while he was persuading this contrite sinner that the whole town rang with his 'wickedness, no one in the world know anything about it, and there was no reason why he should not go openly to the St. Paul's coffee- house and sit among his fellow-divines. Briefly, Jack shared, half and half, all the moiney he had with this poor man, who presently obtained a lectureship, and afterwardE a city church, and is now, as I have already stated, a most worthy, pious, devout, learned preacher; benevolent, eloquent, and orthodox, justly beloved by all his congregation; and I dare affirm, none theo worse because in his youth he experiencedthe temptation of poverty, was even suffered to fal.into sin, felt the pangs of remorse and shame, and endured the torments of companionship with the most devilish kind of men that dwell among us in this our town I orLondon. So they, too, went away, Jack being restored to his own garments, though his purse, containing four or five guineas, was not in his pocket. And no; the house was empty. The crowd ha? broken up and gone away, but the neighbours still gathered about. talking over the strange business of the morning. Presently they began to look in at the open door. There were no sounds or sign of occupation. Then they opened the doors of the rooms and looked curiously about them. The lower rooms were fur nished with benches and tables, the wainscot walls gaping where the wood had shrunk, and the floors made brown with soot and small-beer, to hide the dirt. There'was a kitchen, with a pot and frying-pan and some pewter dishes, tin pannikins, and some re mains of food, and, which was much more to the purpose, there was a small cask of rum, three-fourths full. The neighbours made haste to taste the rum provided, being curious to discover whether it was a stronger and more generous liquor than that to which they were themselves accustomed. In a few minutes the rumour of this cask spread to 'right and left along the street, and everbody hastened t > taste the rum, and continued to taste it, until there was no more left. It was strong enough and generous enough to send them away with staggering legs and fuddled brains. Upstairs there were bedrooms with flock mat tresses laid upon the floor, and in one room there were rings and staples and chains fixed in the wall for safely securing mutinous recruits. But all the rooms were foul and filthy. When the neighbours went out, the boys came in and took possession joy fully, with n. one to check or hinder their mis ,hief. Never before had boys' such a chance. 'Wben they left the house there was not a whole pane of' glass left in the windows, nor a bench, chair, or table that was not broken, nor any single thing left that could be. carried away. Next day the ' Captain'-that is, the worthy dealer in curiosities, of Leman-street. Mr. Jonathan Ray ment---himself walked over "to Wap ping, in order to inquire into the health and welfare of his recruits and their numbers; he was also anxious to know what had happened in the adventure with the King's officer. You .may understand his surprise and dismay when he found everybody gone and everything broken. They had even torn away the wooden bannisters of the stairs and ripped up the wooden steps. Ncthing was left at all-not even those poor helpless creatures, the 'prentice and the parson. Where could they be ? He did not dare to ask. Something terrible had happened. As for him self, he hurried home to hide himself in his shop until the danger was over. A curse upon Aaron Fletcher, and on his own foolishness, in suffering his men to meddle with Aaron's private quarrels ! And a good business now broken up and destroyed; for how could the house be carried on without his men ? Ie looked to hear an account of his men in the Gazette; how they were brought before the Lord 1Mfayor and charged with highway robbery, and even sent to Newgate for trial. Strange! There was nothing. Nor did this worthy tradesman ever learn what had happened, for Aaron could tell him nothing, except that the Lieutenant had escaped; and he never dared venture to ask in Wapping. But he lost his servants and his recruits, and for a long time the busi ness of crimping in those parts languished. One thing remains to be told about this eventful day. tn che evening, work being over, Aaron Fletcher was sittinz' alone, his pipe in his mouth, in the cottage where he lived, at the getes of his boat-building yard. He was in good spirits, because the Lieu tenant was reported missing. Perhaps he was dead It would be the best thing in the world if he was dead. What then ? No one could say that he had any hand in it. 'Aaron!' cried a voice he knew, * Aaron Fletcher, open the door !' 1He dropped his pipe and turned pale, and his teeth chattered. It was the Lieutenant's voice, and he thought it sounded hollow. He was dead, then, and this was his ghost come to plague him. Aaron was a man of courage, but he 'was not prepared to tackle a ghost. ' Aaron,' the voice repeated,. ' open the door, or I will break it in, ye murderous villain ! Open the door, I say*!' (To , ~e contmuad.) 