"THE EGYPT EXPLORATION FUND. M. NAVILLE'S DISCOVERIES AT AJUBASTIS. (ras n rm.) The excavation of the Great Temple of Babastie (the ruine of which,it will be remem bered,weredisooverd luasyear by M. Navilel) was resumed some five or six weeks ago, and is now in full programe. Former operations conducted by the Egypt ExpIoration Fund have for the most part been carried on in places remote from the beaten track; but Mi. Naville, by marching hbi . litle Sarmy of diggers to Tell Buats, has h brought his work not only within an easy Sdistlance of Cairo, but within a few minutes' e walk of Zagazig, the meeting-place of a net work of railway lines, and the head quarters e of the Egyptian cotton trade. Zogazig station may be desoribed as the Malines of r the Eastern Delta-the bourne for which I every traveller, whether his destination be Damlelta, Maneurah, Salahlyeh, Sues, or g Pre Said, Is inevitably bound. As all trains stop here, and as there ia generally a dreary f hiatus of a couple of hbour between the c arrival of the incoming train and the de. parture of the next, It may readily be imagined with what eagerness the tournlts of the present season are just not e shronging to the ocene of M. Navltle's laboear. The work of the Egypt Explor.. tton Fund has, in short, become a popular in lstlttion; and Instead of living like d anohoriree in desert solitudes where the Impress of a patent leather booS upon the asenm was as startling a novelty as bhe , famous foot-print on the shore of Robinson e Crusoe's land, the explorers are now Sobheered by the daily viatse of numerous e travellers of all ranks and national-.. h ties. The sene is curiously platuresque Here, grooped toaether on the verge. of the great Cemetery of Socred Cats are the tents of the ofloers of the Fond; e yonder, swarming like bees at the bottom of the huge crater-like depression which Smarks.the area of the temple, are seen 300 Sto 400 labourers-dtggers in the trenches and pits, basket-oarriers clearing awey th, ',all a, o is thrown onut, verseers to keep toe diggers at work, "pathway.-men" to keep Stche, paths open and the carriers moving esongs cf brawny "Shayallo," or native port re. harnes.ed together by eros ropes, and hauling or turning scalp Sured blooks which have not seen' the light for many centuries; girl with bowls of water and sponges, to wipe down the carved surfaces preparatory to the prooese of takiog paper " squeezes ;" and small boys to run on errands, help with th measuring tapes, and keep guard over the ,enlts and baggago. With so many hande at work and so many overseers to keep them going, it is not wooderfat that the excave Ions make rapid progress. The two large a pits which were opened last season are now thrown into one, and are being enlarged from east to weat, following the axis of the struc tore. The sides are also being cleared, and before another month hall have expired the wnle ..emple-uf which, app.reanty, not one atone remains upon another-will be 'visible from end to end. Its entire length is probably abrut 700tt. or 800ft. ; hut measurements, of course, are as yet purely e copjectural. S We may remind our readers that the pits sunk last seasen disclosed the site of a grand a hypostyle hall, etrewn with fallen mono a lithlo columns of the twelfth dynasty e workmanship, and a hall without oolumns, ebut .llued as t should seem with a elaborate bas-rellel sculptures represent. ing a great religions ceremony, and Sconutalnigo tents of thousands of alinutely r executed hleroglyphio inso'iptions. The p columns of architraves or hypoetyle-hall, r though of an earlier period, are emblazoned e with the ovals of Rameses II. The insorip. Stfores of the festival hall commemorate k Osorkon II, of the twentywlecond dynasty. k and his Qoee . Karoama. Besides the two a historiodl landmarks thue determined, e various blooks bearing the names of a Usertesen III. and Pepi Merlra, testified i to the existence of the edifice not $ only in the days of the first great Theban Empire, but in the very remote age of at te Pyramid Kings of the 6th dynasty. As a the same time, a small tentative excavation f at the western extremity of the site yielded f the name and titles of Neotanebo I, of the 30sh and last native dyna ty. Such being the ountome of but four weeks' labour at a the olose of the season In 1889, It seemed t reasonable to hope for Important resnlts I when the excavations shouid be rensumed. \- This hope is beiog more than fulfilled; and a every ,week-it might almost be said every day-yields some new and valuable I1:.k io the chain of historio evidence. A third hall, dating from the reign of a Osorkon I., has now been found hetwee the hypostyle hall of Bimeses II. and the lestival hall of Osorkon II. The roof was c supported by two large columns with palm I aapitals, and the walls were soulptured with a bas-reliefs on a large scale, representing Osorkon I. In the act of worshipping BLst a sl'other deities of the oily. Eastward that'is to say, eat the end by wbich the temple was entered-two i arallel trenche. , have reve' ed the site of a colonnade; and here the base rft a tatne of N.otaneh a I. has been found; Sbus showing that r he made additions o both extremities of the r structure. The western end, now in course n of exoavation, appears to be of great width; but its length Is as yet not asoertalned. That It contains thesantouary may be taken for granted, and the sanotury Is pr?bably the work of eotesnebo. Unlike met Egyp'lan temples, the great temple of Bas? does not appear to bave been protected by one of these mesive eruds briok, walls whMb rendered the temples of Karnak 'and Tanis as impregnable as fortresses. Heroe deres express y states that it wa. our rounded by a "low wall having figures engraved upon it ;" and this low' wall, like the splendid Poreen rnnaing round the great temple of Edfoo, was eviden ly of scone nulpured into basrefief Like the rest of the building, It most have been of red granite, and we may hope tbat some portions of it may yet be discovered. The Bobassites, at all evenS., seem to have been too proud of ,heir famous temple to mask Its beautles by a oiroit of unsightly ramparts. So much for the progress made in excava ting the ditjesta membra of the building ; the" -onds," however, are yet more note. worthy. That Boutlet was the site' of an Im portant Hyksos settlement is what no one souspeoted; but it is a faot conoltnaivIy established by the work of the present s. asoon. Two black aranlte statues (on.e on foreunately he' dres.) of the ulnmlstakeabl Hyksce type, the lower half of i eated sratue of an unknown king, aio of Hfykneso work, andd a e red greaote arcbltrave en- I graved with th oartoohebs of Apepi, the .,ost famous of the Hyksos rulers, have been diecovered all ear together within the 1 last there weeeks. The first found of the b ak I granite pair ie hbos described in one of I Ibt weekly reports despatched to the comn miree of the Egypt Explrattion PoFund by Mi. Naville : " In digging to the southward of the Rail i of Ovorkoo I, we found first the headdress t of a colossal statue in blank granlte, the head brn jkensr at theb level of 'be eyes, and presently the lower part of the fer The left cheek anda the heard are damragad, but ihe right aide Is perfeotp and the two halves it each other exactly.' The t)pe ot the face is Hyksos;' he sunken abke eknd .t projecting mouth being exactly Ike tho of the Tenst tlihinues. The headdres is the ' ems,' with the rueas. The basa and feet of this statue are still lying at bhe cotiom of a deep pool. whence they will have to be hauled out when the water has some. what subsided. A statue of a Hykos Kieg wearinglthe Insignia of Egyptian Royalty is certainly unique." The companion statue (beadless) was found on y en days ago also in a pool of water. Osorkoo II has engraved his ovals on the side of the throne oan whihob the statue sits, and has erased thone of Rameses I[. which that Phuroah had out upon the front, beside the right leg of the statue having himself erased the names of the original owner, whomsoever be may have been. As these statues were found near the architrave of Apepi, it is pr bable enough that they are portraits of that king. The other Hyksos statue, broken off at the waist. is yet more remarkable. Mr Nlville writes, under date 18;h March: "Oar mot important disuovery up to the present tine was made yesterday moral. g I had noticed on Friday the corner of a block of polished black granito which I thought might belong to some good monument, I and I had it unearthed yesterday. It proved to be the lower half of a life size figure of very beautiful workmanship, with two columns of finely-out heiroglyphb e. graved r down each side of the front of the throne I t right and left of the legs of a the statue. These inscriptions gave tbhe t name and titles of an absolutely unknown King, who, judging from the work, most belong to the Hykase period, or, at all ev ote, to one of the obscure dynasties pre oedilg the Hykao inOvasion. I forward a copy of the losoriptions. One oartonchbe s contains a sign which iS quite new to me, and which I therefore cannot decipher. The other reads ' Ian a' or ' ?Raiao'- name unoiko any I have ever seen. He I. de scribed. most strangely, as the worshipperot r his Ka (i e, his ghost or double) . 5 iune. writing the above, I have been f over to Bonlak, and have shown my ea o y of the Inscriptions to Ahmed Kemal. ed Deen Effendi, the Mabomedan ofticial I attached to the museum. He wa, deeply iate nsted, and said at once, 'That Ia the Pharaoh of Joseph. All oar Arab books call him Relyan, the son of El Welld.' He then wrote the name for me in Arablo rwh oh I enclose herewith. For my own part I know nothing of Arab literature or Arab tradition. I shbould not, however, be dis" posed to attach much weight to thi courious colncidence. Still, it is curious, and a certainly ioterestirg." Such Is M. Navillem' acount of thi remarkable statue, which is now drawiog crowds of vilitors to Tell Basta. and has jest been photographed by Emil Bregoch . Bey, leaderof the BDalak Museum, and an accomplished photographer. The photo. graph gives a front view of the inscribed Stroune with the legs and feet of the statue. It also shows the left thigh, foreshortened and clad in the striped .* shenti," or folded kilt The mutilated fingers of the left hand are seen rea iog on the left knee. th. midelitag of the knees and leg. im'admir able, and the hieroglyphs are brilliantly out, the king, in addition to his oartouches, being e'yled eht, "God God," and the o. sOn of Rs," The name, as pointed out by M. Neville, may be read with the syllable 'aie" as either a prefix or a sofix-as, for Instance, Remeri and Raennuer may with eclal pro. p. lary be rendered a" Merira and Userenra. Whether we take it as "Ien-Bt" or V R-. tan." the name of this new King has a atrange, barbaric aspect, and looks like an attempt at writing a foreign name in SEgyputan characters That it, exactly tranaliterates the "Er.Reiy?n " of Arab troti Ion canuot be denied; but' it met be remembered that Oriental Sradstion is notoriously untrustworthy, and that the Arab name g ven to Joseph's P";aroah is evidently an i apptrlative. being preceded, like that of blh I father, by the article. Arab writers of Egyptian history are, in fact, much upon a par with the anuthors of the Art urlsfn oycle I and the tales of the Paladins of Charte, / mugue. Cradled in en atmosphere of soper satittuon, they beheld all things through a misage of romanoe. They regarded the I monuments of ancient Egypt as works of . mgio, and the Pharoaha who built them as mighty sorcerers ; and if here and there a thread of genuine a local' tradition be interwoven with the fabulous tissue of their narratives, the I whole Is so clearly unhistorcal that we most despair of ever definitely separating the true from the false. Joseph is the beloved hero of a multitude of Arab legends, I and where the Biblical narrative of his ifes fails to supilr any special detail, each a a proper name, that detail is unhesitatingly drawn from purely Arab sonroes. Thus i Potlphar's wife beoomes Zclelka, and he anonymous Pharaoh in introduced as an f Amalekite Prince named Er Reiyan, I the son of El Welld. ~ That she a stranger hordes whioh invAded Egypt a under the leadership of the Hysaos I may have loeluded a Amalekite oon:i,'gent is not iaposlble; forthe Amalekilee of old were a mighty natlon, and their territory bordered upon Egypt. But if we turn to the pages of El Makrizi-a sober wri er, wort' y of all credit when dealing with the topography of Cairo and snch other subjects as came .itbln his ko wledge and observa. lion-we at once see how, litile Y fairly roustworthy Arab may be truated when bls only soaroes of information- are teO legends transmitted by his own countrymen. Having related how the Amnlokites, led by Welid, son of Domi', invaded Egypt. then ruled by " Aymen of ooes," and slew the Egyptans " with an exceeding great slaughter." he goes on to say that the followers of Welid chose him to reign over them, and thot his rule. lasted for 100 vears.. " And he went fcr'h to attain the anuroee of the Nile, and he beheld the Mountains of the Moon, ano he was abseat for forty years," He then returned to Egypt,. end again subdued Pharoah Aymen. who again opposed him." SAnd Pharaoh Aymen fled, and Welid reduced the people of Egypt to slavery, and ruled over the'm for 120 years till hbe perished. . . A d his son Er Ruiyan, the son of El Welid. the son of Dumi, one of the Amalikite. reigned; and be was one of the most powerfol of the people of the earth it his time, and 'he greatt King. Now the Amslekitem were desneoded from Am ik, son of Land (;L'nd). son ofi e m(Shem), eon of Nas (N -ah); and Br Reiyan was the Pharaoh of Joseaph on whomb e peoe . . And i issalid tha' the Pr.boh of Joesph was the grandfather of the Pharaoh of Moene, his father's father, and hib name we. Brkhu ; and he was lofty of stature and bea'latul of contmaennce, And after him r igned ie son Da.inrenh. and he le ailso called Dorlm, eon of Er Rliyon, and be was the fourth Pharaoh, and Ynsuf (Joseph) was hie Rholifa." Brief uas this extract is, it soefooe to show the fanoifol character, the glaring contra adillone, and the otter valueleseness of Egyptian hietory when written with the reed pen of the Arab hronIoaler. The invasion of the Anial.kiae based perhapa on eome vague memory of the Hykaos onqoest--vanlshea into the region .f fable, and the vie orloneus princes whose family tree begins with Noah,. take their plaoe among the shadowy heroes of the Thousand and One Nights That the Iarned and oourteoon Ahmend Kemal-e Deen BEffendi (who Is. be it observed, the only Oriental Egyptlogiat in the world, and I a good hIeroglyphlo solar), hould nav I rsecognised the Muslim name of RlyanI In that of the unknown Hykesoe k ag Is a ploturesque incident whihob as once appeals to ocr Imsgination, but the de dution ie one whloh Eur pen soholare are hbound to reorive wrtn extreme reserve, In the meanwhile it mnut be conceeed that the I lIetter-for-letter identiy of the two namesin, to n'sy the least of it. very ez'raordlinary. We must not, however, ferg-t that "RB.lin" may with equal oorrectnes, be read " fan-BE," and " In-BRs" is orlonelr like the name of the Byhkos *"Ianne" or "Janlas," who, in a long quota. leon wheoh profeasee to be given ver. bntim from Manetho by Joseophus (answer to Apl i, Botk I, re'*ion 14), is slaid to have reigned for fifty yeair and one month, el .ed t have tesu she .ucss.aor us Apophil and the predecea?sr of Asals. It would be u?reasonable to dotni thaul.anns Isas truly an historical personage as Apept, and it Is as- least possible that anues and Ian-DB may be one and the same. That Joseph Served a Hykss king bhas long been accepted by the majorisy of Egyptologiles as a very probable hypothesis, both ohronologioally and from the internal evidence of the Binlical narrative. Orherdimo veries, soarcely less Interesting. have rewarded the labours of the fortunate explorers. The fact that the 18th Egyptian dynasty-the famous dynuaaty of the Thothmes and Amenhotep Kinge-should have left no races ont their power in the great aities of the Delta, has long been a puzrling problem Within the last three weeks, however, two life size state-s of a saribe of that period have been found Thouhn otherwise perfect they are unluckily neadless, The fliure esit crons-legged, each ,o ding a half-unrolled papyrus eorol upon his lap, his name and titles being engraved on the soroll From these eieorip lions w. learn that his name was Amenho. top, and that he was styled "the Prince, the great friend who loves his Lord, the Chief of the Works of his King and of the Provinces. and of the M rehlands of the Norsh." He wears a loose gnr-rent secured by braces, and on he brocoh-i ke ornament whobh conneots the braces, as well as upon his right shoulder, Is engraven he oar toucbe of Amenhotep III Khuenaten, she disc worshipping Phatoah, who succeeded Amenhotep III, and founded the city of Tell-el-Amerna, is also repre sensed by a sculptured fragment contaitiog the sacred oval of Aten-Rs, the delly of the diso These objects are of great historioal moment, inasmuch as they show (1) that the temple of But, after Deing enriched by the Bykeos Kings, and before beleg rebuilt by Ramesis II, was yet flouerihbig in the time of the Restoration; and (2) that the diea-worship promulgated by Kbhuenaten extended to the Delta. Till now it has been traced no further northward than Memphis. Among other valuable finds bearing upon the historical continuity of the temple may be mentioned aoolosal head and torso in red granite, inscribed with the ovals of Raemese I. (19:h dynasty), and a block grantlle statue or this King, of herolo size, th striped head.dress coloured alternately amber and blue, the hands reetal.g on the knees, and bearing the followinog Inscription --" Au long as the world shall last, thy monuments will pros per. O. King Rameses." This fine statue is br ken In two, but is other wise uninjured. There have also been fo-'nd (1) a head and torso of a starding king in red graoite, probably Ramesee VI (?O2ti dynast) ; (2) a small basalt statue of SSaite prie bearing the eartooohes of Apries, lhe Biblical Hophra (26th dynasty); (3) a beautiful fragment of a statue of Neotanebo I. (30th dynasty); (4) two Greek inoriptions on black granite dedil eoated to Ptolemy V. and Queen Cleopatra I., by one Apollooiun, son of 't"eon, who styles himself *'one of the Kleg's friends ;" thus carrying on the his cry of the temple to the second oentury no A very important inscription on a block belonging to the (estival hall hbs also turned up, giving the date of the festival, which, strangely enough, proves to have been held in honour of the Theban god Amen, in the twenty-second year of the reign of Osorkon II, an "the first day of the last month of She," the season of inen dation. M. Nrvi'le writes: "But what is most extraordinary ies the vat number of colos,al statues which must haveerowded the temple before the festival hall was built, nearly all such as were of red cranite having been out up wholesale.by Osorkon for building blocks. We oountantly discover passages of the festival insoriptions on fragments of statues which have been built into the walls; and it Is not at all on usual to find part of a sacred boat which is being carried in procession upon priests' shoulders, on one side of a block, and on the other side a head of Bamesea II.-sometimes defaced, but sometimes In a fair state of preservation. So little did the kings of qypt respeot the images of their predeces sors • Such are some of bhe splendid results of the explorations carried on by M Naville, assisted, as last year, by Mr. F Llewellyn Otiffth and Count d'Hulet, during the last few weeks at Tell Basta; and the eason sl not yet over. Who shall say what new treasures the next month may not bring to" light, or what new facts connected with she obscure hut deeply iutereatino Hyksoe period may not bsein store for aus Except only the great temple of Tanis, excavated by Marleste some twenty eight years ago, no Egyptian rein upon so colossal a scale has been systematically explored, or has yielded so rlot a harvest. 