SPORTING. THE TURF. The New Zealand chaxsplou two-year-old Petri fcncu, by Basket Irom Pearl Ash (luip.), by Loril CUMenfrom Potash, bjr Voltlfceur, and consequently full sister to ludu3try, has left Auckland for Australia and will arriTs in a day or two by tbo i.i. llauroto. Sbo 14 trained by Jemmy Kean, and neter baying been bdar.«Q her meetintr with tbe Australian flyers will bs looked forward to with a deal of interest. Among her engagements aro UioY.HC. Aeoot Valo SXakevand Deroy. It is mnderstood tbat Nelson and a colt'by Leolinus from TlUuia ire aho on board. Mr, W. Garliug has disposed of, at a big flure. tliQ roadster stallion Westward Uo to Mr. M'Cou- neli oi Brisbane, lie U by Tally-ho from haiblceo, and took flret prist) in cia»a at the Centennial Show of theJXew south Wales Agricultural-Society. There armed r«eeully froui|firt thane lite iwo-year old slily Klngdore, sister to Tbe Australian Peer, and Aurinu, by Cptivator— Ainatbt at, and both occupy bores- at Mr. J. Phillips' etablc, Randwick. Mr. O. T. Roberts has teen sufferlug since Saturday from a scTtre attack oi LritisU cholera aud although it threateucd at oue time I - proee faUl ho pulled through und is able to get about again. The racing mare I'iukio has cbanzed bands, Mr. Kcl«o baring parted with her for £10d, but tbo pur chaser's same U withheld. History aain repeats iUelf In connection with tho turf in ludia, and the expatriated Myall King, like tbo other gay dtcelrer, Despot, has won the principal etentoftbe Calcutta December meeting, the Vice- Pun tlirt most covered ritcu run for in India, aud Yalued at about 8D00 fts. The raco was run at 1J mike, aud notwithstanding that ho was anything but wellMjall King won in the common' «t of cauters. He carried ?sL 81b.. Canllleld being second with Sst. 12lb. and Melquiue third with 0«. Sib., wnile tho other starters were Fltzwilllam. 9st.; Hon Accord, 9st. 21b.; Mistral, S3t. Olb.j and Goldiindcr, Dst, 3 lb.— tho last-named being favorite. It will be remembered that Myall King was purchased Irom the lion. John Kales l)> Mr. K. Wccfces specially for Lord W. Peres- ford, who has at last achieved the object of his am bition. .He subsequently won the Durbuupah Cup, 1# mile 132yds., carrying 9st, and beat lire opponents, but in the Cooch Debar Cup, 5Us»0 Jts., i| mile, with 9st, 4lb., he got no nearer thau third to Bolero,(9at. 71b.) and Goldiindcr (0ft. 31b.). At the seme meeting the other winners wero Hasting? Plate, IfiOU Its.. Chatswortlu list. 3lb. ; Trial Slakes, 2000 lis .Dolcro, 9it. 31m.; Dealer' Plate, 1000 Its., Antler, #st. lUib., 1 ; Urinkumn, 9st., 9 ; Yiziauagraue Stakes, 1500 Its., Prince, ?su 81b ; Dallygungu Stakes, Mustard (Mr. Wccke.V), t. 2lb.; Grand Annual Hurdle Race, Goldtludcr, I2st.; and Chowringheo Plate, 1500 JU„ Kdith, Sst, Cib. There were muuy other colonial-brcd horses running at tho meeting, including Kussaulo, Uou Accord and Tho Ghost, but ouly Don Accord scored a win, tho San- down Park Stakes, of 15U0 Ks.. failing to his bid with 9sU4lb, in addition to which he ran second with Oit. 61 o. in the Chowriughee Plato. Tho Kciipst Pouy Stakes, 7000 Hs, was won by Mr. Cooks' Tena8eYinj, bnt as poni s' names lira changed almost Immediately upou binding in ludu»| itdsjim- possible to tell whether this is au Australian-bred ouo or not. A worse- lookiug' lot of horses bur not for years becu paraded before tho Viceroy thau the soreu cunaiuiues wiiu went ouu «»» Mistral walked like a cut on hot bricks, Bcu Accord, Caul Held ami Goldflnder comruoucrs, Nuhiuine, old, played-out, and Myall King, though obviousty unlit, yet sMU mokiug and moviug iu his preliminary tho pick of the basket. The race was ruu ui v« ry slow time, but the wiuncr was never extended. It is said that the Jodhpore stable lost 25,000 Us. on the race. Myall King, it will be remembered is by Klug Cole out of Queen of the Forest. At-Mouday's special general meeting of tho V.P.C. tho following additions to tbo rules were adopted Itulo C3 : By inserting tho word "subscriptions" after tbo word u stakes" in tho eighth Ur.e'ot the said rule. .Uule 64 : By Inserting tbo word 'subscriptions" alter tbe word " stakes" Iu the second lino of ther.tid rule. Rule CG : By inserting tbo word 41 subscriptions" after the word "fees" in the fourth r.nd seventh lines of the said rule. The followiug new rule, was alaa added : Kvcry entry heretofore nmdc shall be good and valid, notwithstanding that tho naino of the owucrot tho horse has been omitted Irom such entry. The additions and alterations were not made law without encountering very strong opposition. A tho rules low read, though a subscribing stallion's snb- scripttou has not beeu paid to a produce stake, tbe owner of the progeuy of the defaulting sire may qualify stich by making good the amount in dcfuult. A race meeting will lo held at VYark worth to-day. It is hinted tlint ft writ is to be served on tho council of the Agricultural Society, at the instance ot Garryowen's owuer, to recover tliu prize won in the Distauce Handicap Trot by Yiking, on the grounds that the latter, not being the winner of a heat, should not have been admitted in tho iluul. According to rule and equity, Viking's claim to be the winner of his llrst beat must be upheld, as Burlington was never in that heat and should not have competed. The latter was drawn fur the flrst heat, and although the com- uiittco decided that he was uot to b, ante for not being started bo certainly should not have been ullowod to competo against those drawn for another heat. In the ileal Garryowen galloped for the best part of half a mile, and this alouc should Lave disqualified him. A Victorian bookmaker vox complained against recently for insulting another memhur of TattersaU's Club and using languago calculated to provoke a broach of tho penoe, and ha was seveiely reprimanded by the committee of Tattcrsali's Club. ThU is just ns It should be. Tbe Intcst Sydney scratcblngs for- tho V.R.O. autumn meeting are Nown . rkct liuudicap : Yet- man, First Flaneur, Spring BIopsciu, Jfoneydew, Abner, Kckersley, Simon, Allaadale. Bnxinout. Mata dor, Both well. Golden Crown. Australian Gup: First Flaneur, Trident. Sires' Produce Stakes : Fair-Alicu fill v Surf Ally, Hermit filly, Legend colt, Ihnery colt, ltejulcc, Paragon. Escort, Volney, Kickshaw, Para phrase. Java, Phcnbe Ally, Magasine, Miss Maribyr- notif Ally, Rosabella. Redcoat, Molioeaux, Venture, Marluella, Savant, AureMus, Reversion, Bnuui, Heath- cote, Cinaron, Sunbeam fitly, Zephyr filly, The Shell filly, Alias Thirta. Bluenoae. In a recent number of the London "Referee" the cauilic " Pcndragon " Is very severe on the English Jockey Club relative to the i&sniug; of press tickets and after referring to a hint thrown out by Mr Lowtherat tho Gitncrack Club dinner 'to tho effeci "that some day reporters would not be allowed ts pursue their avocations at Newmarket," which by the way, ho'conaiders too tyrannous to be likely, says "The etowardt of the Jockey Clnb issue to papers printed tickets which pass tbe bolder anywhere he likes to go, except the Jockey Club staud uud luwa and one or two othor such reservations for the emi nently respectable. And let mo add that these are ouly issued to papers which aro known to be good and klud to and in no w7 toe critical about -those who issuo them. Need 1 say that no such ticket has ever been allowed to tho 44 Referee " newspaper ? No ; I need not." Though Australian racing stewards are not yet educated to such a pitch as to refuse a jour nal of standing and respectability a press ticket, and they would hardly be toierated if thoy did, we have secretaries aud committees of race clubs who only distribute their favors equally among papers which to quote " Pcndragon," ' aro known to be goud and kind to and in no way too critical nbout those who issue them." Very Hattering accounts hare reached Sydney rela tive to Captivutar's last crop of foal, and good 'judges speak hopefully of his acquitting himself as a sire of wluiers. The Great Northern Derby, to be run at Auckland during .the season 189-SO, lias closed with 83 entries. An Auckland (N Z.) wire states that tho steamer llauroto left yesterday for Australia with tho race horses Nelson aud Pr-arl Shell on board. Racing men interested are notified that Tasmanlan Turf Club acceptances require to bo declared by 4 p.m. to-morrow. Another attempt is shortly to be matie to revive raciug at Morphetvilie, Adelaide, and Air. Johu Hamlin will, it Is understood, undertake the secre taryship. A meeting of the Bong Bong Picnic Race Club is set down for decision to-morruw. Mr. W. Cooper's receut purchase, Epicurean, jwill ba trained by I. Foulchum. From Melbourne word comes to the eiTcct that tho racehorse Thunderbolt has becu blistered aud turned out. A raco meeting was held by tho Frodcrlcktown Club on tbe Bcllmpapina Course on Friday aud Satur day last, when tho (allowing results were arrived at : — - rr« derickton Handicap, Ranrtulck; Ala. den Plate aud Prince or Wales Stakes, Recovery ; District Purse and Forced Handicap, Atniou ; Hack Race Muvfntr- Tn-jm Plat. Hu?wlni> Ifurrv Slinrru Snake ; Selling Plate, Brownie ; Hurdles, Chesterton; Ladles' Mile, Monarch ; aud Flying Handicap, Pyaloog. At his bazaar yesterday afternoon Mr. W. Gar ling offered for public competition a lot of mixed horses, anil among them tho following found purchasers Bay trotting maro with foal at foot, Atr. A. Lee, 41gs. ; cb in (dam or Don Juan), Mr. J, Leeds, 48gs.; \ m Rosemary, by Vermont, Junr. (imp.), Mr. J, Stevcniou, 77gs, ; b f, 2 yrs., sister to Rosemary, Mr. Covail, 29gs. ; bl g Sultan, Mr. Barker, 2Ugs. ; b g Charm, Mr. Stevenson, 46gs. ; aud tho same buyer gaTo 60gs. for the blood stallion Homer. Acceptance fees for tho Sydney Driving Park Club races roquiro to be paid by 4 p.m. on Monday, other wise horses will bo struck out. Mr. \Y. Kelso has forwarded £1 Is. towards tha addcu money to "Tho Tribune" Hunters'. Plate. Mr. H. Patcaoii issued yesterday the handicaps for the meeting of the Ryduey Driving l'urk Club. An attempt was aiude yesterday to back the New ' Zeulaader, fseUou, to win tbe Australian Cup, but ns tbe fielders declined to lay 10 to 1 uo business re sulted. His name was written, however, to a pretty good tune in the double at 10U9 to 5, selections com mencing for the Newmarket Handicap prluclpnlly with Don Giovan and Master Johu. 100 to 7 was offered ou the field for the lattter event. The English nietalllciuu, Mr. " Bob " Tappin, Is to be tendered a complimentary .picuio to-day by Mr. Jnck Thompson, and invitations to the .number of about 50 have been issued. Mr. P. Decry, tbe Sydney bookmaker, leaves ta-day on a two months' trip to New Zculaud, 