The Storyteller. The Ladies' Gallery. CHAPTER I. BY JUSTIN M'CARTHY, M.P., AND MRS. CAMPEELL, PRAND. "Coo-ee!" A low horse cry for help went out, so strained, so guttural and inhuman in sound, that it blended naturally with the wild howling of toe dingoes in toe •crab, and became indis tinguishable from it in tne ears of the one white m*n who might have sent an answering oall. , It wm night in the Australian bush, {teuld lhat one nan's eye* hare pierced the jnaz« of gum- trees and the dense wall of tine scrub they would have discovered no faintest sign of humanity within the horicon eiroje. Forward in the dim distance, atrs+ohed the backless arid •waste, with' its aisles «nd vistas- of mottled .eucalyptus and it* mysterious network of shadows all faint and blurred, so that a little way ofl it waa impossible to tell, which was -form and which was shadow* Behind and to .the right that low dark wall abutting in curves and angles and showing a gentle upward slant, behind which the watcher knew lay the range i.of mountains dividing the ooast tract from the, in this northern region, unexplored interior; and, beyond the mountains, there lay—the unknown, the possible. In all this vast solitude .there was but one tiny oamp-flro. It was mow lonely than the desert, more desolate than the ooean. North ward was the wilderness, peopled only by Myall (savage) blaoks. Southward, the last shepherd's hut, the last outlying cattle station, had been long left behind. Straight overhead, in the dark clear blue, Orion shone.; and there was Aldebaran—the glittering A—and, Jower down, the curve of the Scorpion andth% brilliant pointers of the Southern Orosa. dose round the watcher rose the sparse forest of tall'lanky tree-trunks, some white and scaly and spectral looking, others rough and brown, with the red gun oozing from their almost leafless branches, and dropping in stalactites which, catching the1 flickering glow of the fire, had the appearanoe of congealed blood. A young moon, slowly sinking in the west, threw all those fantastio shadows on the parohed ground, bare except for stunted tussocks of rank grass and scattered twigs and fallen logs. A dump of the curious grass-tree, which only grows in Darren country, stood near, looking like a group of sentries. ■Their thick rough stems bulged out at the middle, and eaoh supported a jaggled plume, . from the centre of which a great brown spear ■ roße to the height of four or five feet. Two or three gigantic ant-heaps of pale brown clay, . behind whioh a man standing erect could almost have hidden, gave an odd ghostly touch to the wild scene. A rolling ridge sloped very gently down to the immense plain; and it was the oreet of the ridge that was irregularly out lined by the dense sorab of vine and brigalow, from whioh came the unearthly wail of the dingoes, or native dogs, rising in ferocious oresoendo and dying down in melancholy, dis- Bonanoo—a sound that might well strike terror into the heart of a lonely traveller* ' " But Richard Ransom was used to oamping out, and the howl of the native dogs had been for many years a frequent accompaniment to , his dreams. He was glad to hear the sound of the dingoes. It put hope into his heart, for it told him that there must be a waterhole or a creek somewhere, at no very great distance. It whs a waking dream in whioh he waa indulging now, iw ho sat smoking his pipe, with his baok 0 The right of publication in Queensland of "Tho Ladies' Gallery" has been purchase^ by the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited. - - ■ tagaintt a young gam-tzee. He watched the fire eat slowly into the heart of a big irunbark Jog. He had felt pretty uafe in lighting a tire to-night—it watt the first time for aaveral days; but for <>oine time he had seen no signs of native* lurking about. The log might burn all night, and no he might save bis supply of matches. He had eaten his evening meal— damper aud a hard junk of wallaby iiwh, the remain* of whioh lay on a piece of treahly skinned bark beside him. Hw billy of tea, barely a quarter full (for the store of water had been hoarded in these laet days), wan wariuiug, not wasting it*«lf simmering, just outside the embers. His gun lay within reach; and he had arranged a bed with hi* blankets, his swag for. a pillow, and bin saddle tilted to form a bolster. The hobbles of his two hones clanked with a monotonous sound as the beasts browsed on the dry grass at the foot of the ridge, .uttering every now and then a piteous kind of' whinny, as if they were ill-satisfied with their fare. Richard Bansom was thinking that he had gone two days now without finding any water, and that the ridge upon which he had oome that evening, was a hopeful sign, and that if he followed it he most strike upon a gully whioh would lead to some watercourse. At any rate he had got away from the dreary plain*, and if his horse* only held out he must soon get into the mountains and be out of danger of death by thirst. There wore certain indications that made him believe he was nearing his £1 , Dorado. For he had the. gold fever upon him, this man. He had oome in searoh of £1 Dorado, and he meant to reach it or to die vi the attempt. >Hit» two mates, contented with a , claim nearer civilisation whioh promised n moderate yield* of gold, had dropped otf from him. but he had. pushed on. El Dorado-was | by the- blacks, and banded on from one white man to another, that gold was to be found in great quantities in' a oertain spot in the unr' .explored country beyond the plains and across the Binbian Mountains. Gold had been found on the other side of a spur of hills leading from the. great range a little further to the south, and this was accepted as the foundation for the legend. But Hansom believed otherwise. Those hills were not the Binbian Mountains; it was the Binbian Mountains that he had bound him self to cross. He Memed to see his goal ahead. To-morrow he felt oertain that he should come upon water. He was ;aot afraid of- the blacks whom he might' expert to fall in with when he had left behind these sandy sun- baked plains. He had. •hit gan and revolve* and plenty of ammunition, and be knew their ways, and had no intention of lettiag them stalk his camp and spear him sleeping. Oh, if he had but a good mate to ■hare the watch, or even a black tracker from the more ofriMsed sooth upon whom he oould depend as a scout! •' Still jpe'rktte' in many respects he was better aldne,'' granting' the risks of fever, want of water, attacks from hostile natives. He liked the fqea of oaring'nothing to any man, of; conquering fate single-handed. His heart rose With the intoxication of youth, of hope, 6f keen vitality, and of intense faith in himself. Be was' following his star. Tes, he felt certain that destiny was leading him. He was not intended to grub along—so he phrased it— inspecting telegraph wires* and poles. His: vigorous manhood was not to waste itself in the crude hard life of the Australian wilds. Faust orated for youth; Richard Ransom craved for riches. Not with mere vulgar avarice, but with the eager passionate yearning of a nature Moh in the capacity for enjoyment, full of ambition, thrilled with the longing to have the best whioh the world oould give him. He had long ago decided within himself that the beet was only to be had in an old civilisation, and that such experience as he wished for oould only be bought with gold. To him gold reprt-1 sented the key to a world from whioh, in* his present oondmon, he was shut out as com pletely as though it tad been heaven itself. Not the world of adventure—that was within <hli reach now. Not the world'of vicious, pleasure. He was as true, as pure, as hone*-' 'hearted a youth as ever. Nature ironed; His instincts were chivalrous, aMr^Ui aspirations were not ignoble.. The world he wanted to enter was the world of romance, of poetry, of fair1 and high-minded women—such women as heroines Were made of; and these were the only 'ones for whom' he had yearning—the, world of great men; the world which waisi written of 4n history and consecrated by tra-, dition. This was the wonderful world of which i he had read and dreamed. He had even theorised upon the mending of its vexed prob lems after tne fashion of imaginative provincial boys whose knowledge oomee from reading. He had fancied that if he had but money enough he might do something towards brightening its dark places. He had thought of how he would travel and study; of how he would go into Parliament in England; of how he would buy an estate and work it upon im-, proved socialistic principles; of how he would befriend the poor, and be the good genius of those who were ambitious and struggling; and then of how he would love the one gracious and ideal woman, and of how he would marry her, if she would descend to him from her "ch^ef dome." . . . The phrase came to him.1 And Ah! there is no telling of all thel dreams and the visions that flitted through Rick Ransom's brain. "Coo-ec!" That harsh agonised cry sounded again; -this time above the night sounds, for it was nearer. Ransom, all on the alert now, started up and seized his gun. He glided rapidly into the shadow of a neighbouring gum-tree—with the glow of the'firelight upon him he would have made an easy mark for a black's spear.. In an instant, however, it occurred to him that a blaokfellow would not coo-ec in that way; and, besides he need have no fear—they never attacked when there was moonlight. He waited for the cull to be repeated. It came once more—a hoarse struggling groan, brought out with difficulty, us though the throat were parched and the tongue Hwollen. Ransom knew the sort of pound. He had hoard it out in the plains, Onco in extremity he himself had given utterance to just such Htrange coo-ees. The man who called him was dying of thirut. ■ "Hen, mate!" he cried out cheerily. "Pluok up. I'm coming to you." " Water!" woaued the voice as if tromihe grouud ; " water, for God'a sake!" The voice wan quite olose now. It seemed to come from between the camp and tho dark line of brigalow tree*. Random peered about. But souud haa an odd way of shifting in the bu?h. The next impatient groan drew him down below the camp, and he had to turn again, and then he darted, alon* the aide of the ridge to an outlying oluinp of stuuted gidya trees. There, dragging itself along, half era whip, half walking, he saw the bowed form of a man, which, shaggy, shrunken, discoloured, and bent as it was, seemed rather to resemble that of an ourang- outang. Ransom ran to the creature, seized it by the arms, and supported it in • standing posture. The Crimean shirt, tattered and rutted by frequent soaking with perspiration, almost gave way at his grasp. He saw in the moon light an embrowned emaciated faoe, shrivelled into a mummyish appearance, the lower ptxt of which was covered with a thick growth of coarse unkempt black hair. The eyes were bloodshot and protruding. The blackened lips fell apart, and the purple swollen tongue hung out from beneath them like that of a panting dog. It was impossible, in his present state, to imagine what the man might be under ordinary conditions. The young bushman, with his firmly- knit athletic form, his noble head, and his refined vigorous faoe with its silky golden beard aud its bright cmile, looked, as he forced hi* way through the shrub*, like a radiaut god coming to the deliverance of some beatialiaed outcast. "Water!" again ejaculated the lost man; and then he added, with an immense effort, his voice breaking in the rattle .which,his dry throat made, f' I feave not had a drop for three days. For the love of God, give me something to drink!" " Yon shall have it," said Banaom, " though I've little enough to spare just now. Come along, mate. Take heart; you are all right now?' Still holding the man by the arm, he half led, hall carried, him to the oamp. He put him down on the blanket which was spread out for a bed, and gave him the billy of tea that had been standing among the embers. "That's much better for you than plain water," he said. The man dmnk it off in a gulp. It is mar vellous the change which one draught of liquid osn make in a thirsting man. His eyes seemed to lose theii terrible strained look, and already his faoe to fill out. It was pitiful to see him sock bis tongue; but now bis month looked less like that of an animal. He held out the hilly again; then seemed to force upon his mind the necessity for self-restraint, and drew it back. He looked wildly round, his gam piercing the shadows and the darkness. " I thought I heard the sound of running water," he said. "It isn't possible." '• 1 < No,'' replied Ransom. " There's no water of any kind near here. I haven't seen any for fort*>eight hours." . i The man's eyes fell upon the wallaby steak and the damper. He clutched the food, tearing it apart with his fingers. Ransom opened his swag and gave him some more that he had covered up in readiness for the morrow. The man ate this also greedily. "I want some more water," he said. " I could drink a river dry." . . Ransom went to the water»bag, which he had buried in the ground to its neck and covered with leaves. Alas! it was flabby and flat, not more than half full. With economy it might provide a drop for the horses and leave enough for himself for a day and a half longer. He paused for a moment, while the man, who had left off devouring the steak, watched him .and mad* a movement as if he would seize the the bag. Ransom put out his arm authori tatively. - " You stop still," He said ?" I snail give you< jusf as much as I can spare, and no more. ' He poured some out into a pannikin, and than, taking a flask from his pouch, added a dash of brandy and handed it to bis strange guest. The sight and smell of the spirit seemed to have upon the man something of the effect that the sight and smell of blood h«ve upon a ferocious beast. A curious eager glare came into his eyes. He raised the pannikin to his lips swiftly, yet with the utmost care not to spill a drop. As he tasted it he uttered a sort of savags grunt of satisfaction. Then some thing seemed to strike him, and te lowered the pannikin again in angry self- denial. His hesitation, which pucsled Ransom, was only for a moment. Once more he1 lifted the panni drin and slowly drank the liquid—not as he had swallowed the- tea, but pausing between the sips in an evident intensity of enjoyment. The dram seemed life-giving. His fane grew larger1; he straightened himself; his cheat expanded, his skin smoothened. He was no longer an animal; he became a man. He raised his hand and pushed the matted hair from his forehead, and drew a deep breath, throwing back his head, as if it were a breath of ease and .freedom. Ransom saw that there was about him a kind of rough comeliness. Something of emotion passed over the outcast's features, ren ■ deiing them more human aud sympathetic. *' You're better now?" said Ransom. ". Yes," said the other gruffly; "I'm right now." There was silenoe. Ransom was burying the water-bag again. Presently he said, "We can yarn now. Would you like a pipe? Baccy isn't as short as water, luckily. Let us hear how you got into this mess, and what has become of your horse. I suppose you had one?" • The man did not answer at once. When ho spoke, it was not to tell his tale. " Ofog is better tasting than enake'« blood;" he said, with an odd grim laugh, " but it's woree than snake's poißon to many a man. ' I killed a black snake a while ago and ate it raw. I'd nothing to make a fire with. I was Bony it hadn't bitten me and made an end-of me." " Oh, come," said Ransom cheerily; "you shouldn't say that now tbat you are safe in vamp. I'm not sorry, anyhow. A fellow feels preciouß lonely out in the budh like this, with •the chances of blacks being round him, and the knowledge that no one wouftbe any'the'wiser| if* kjf bone* rotted a why under a gam- tree. Jtist .when I heara your 000-ee I watt thinking that I'd give a good deai lor the sight ot a white laoe." The man bent forward and looked at Ransom intently, an the youug fellow tmt with his head .bent, outtiug up a rig vi tobacco with hu clasp knife. The stranger seemed to be examining his foot) with «t view to ascertaining bin character and piesent fceuiiuienbt—with a view to dis covering whether be were worthy of oonh'denoe. In the desolation of the buah, a man gets quiukly to the heart of thiugs, and confidence is a matter of seconds. Rausom looked up and caught the sorutiuiiting gaze. He, toe, looked sharply at his companion for a moment or two; and he, too, formed hit* judgment. He decided that the man was genuine, and that he was to be trusted. As quickly and intuitively, he decided also that the man was or had been an outoast from society, and was on his guard. "You needn't be Afraid of me," he said abruptly. " Aii!" returned the man. •• Isee! You hare taken mr measure." And then there was silenoe again. , " It's not a bad one, mate, said Bauson. " If you'll tell me your story squarely, I'll tell you mine. As far as I know, there ian t another white man within a hundred miles of us, and, if you haven't got a horse ol your own, it would be as good as leaving you to die not to give you my second one. We can manage the pack between us. My conscience wouldn't let me leave you here when I start to- morrow. I'd be expecting your ghost to tuunt me. You can look at it in that way if you like." " What do you mean P" said the man. "Yon are by yourself, then f" " I left my mates a week ago," returned Ban som. ''I'm as moon by myself as you aca; and who knows but what, if we don't corns upon water, we may both be in the same plight before many days' that you were an hour ago P There's no water behind me for a long two days' journey on horseback, as far as I know; so you may judge of your chances, if you are thinking of making' for the settled oountry. I mean to go on. You had better take my offer and go with me." " Stop a moment," said the man. He seemed to be thinking over what Bansom had said; and all the time he looked at Bansom. Suddenly he lifted np the pannikin and drained the last drop; then as suddenly dashed it to the ground with a muttered exclamation. "Look here," he said. '' I want to know—-Did you ever in your life make a solemn oath to yourself, staving every thing there waa in life for you, upon the keepingolitP" "IT said Ransom, lurprised. " Well, I have made a sort of oath to myself that I mean to keep. But I oan't say that it is quite the same as,that." ,< "Listen," said the man, striking.his fi*t upon the ground, and making the empty pasni km: and the half-burnt twigs on the edge of the lire jump, so energetic was the movement. "I made just such an oath aa I've told y.§u of, and I've broken it to-night. I swore that my lips should never know toe taste of grog again/co help me God, if I was spared to become, an honest man. So help me God, it ia my wish, and determination to be an honest man and a sober man. And I've broken my oath to nfeht." . Bansom. looked at the fellow with an expres sion of wonder and pity. "You've been?* drunkard then, mate ? #r - V Yes," rejoined the other doggedly. ". have, been a drunkard, and I've been worse. I've been a coward and a bully, for I've ill treated a woman; and I have been a thief." " I'm sorry for you, mate/ said Bantom xiujetiy. "I'm sorry that you have broken your, oath to- night, since it seems to weigh upon your conscience. But I don't think you need take it to heart under the cireumatanoea of the case. It was more my fault than yoantf "Perhaps," said the stranger, "youareoae of those who don't believe in God, add don't believe in an oath. I didn't myself once. A man has need to go down into the very black ness of desolation to find the soul he buried in hieevil days. But, when it wakes and speaks to him, he never can forget the voice again,l and he knows for ever that God is, and that the soul cannot die." ' i Again. Ransom looked closely at his com panion. He fancied for the moment thai' lie had,come across a case of religious madness, or of delirium brought on by want and exposure. But there was something in the outcast s face that impressed him with his sanity and his sin cerity. The man made bo attempt to rant, but sat quite still and thoughtful. Bansom answered .slowly, " I'm not good for much at that sort of thing, mate, and I don't pretend that I'm « religious fellow; but I believe in God;" and involuntarily Bansom took off bis old cabbage tree hat with a reverenoe that was absolutely simple and unconscious, and laid it down on the ground beside him; and then he went on out ting up his tobacco, and filling the little india rubber pouch that was in the palm of his left hand. "This is how I look at it,"he said. "I think the chaps that are always hammering on about repentance and atonement and forgive ness of sins have got hold of the wrong end. The sins were forgiven long ago, if there's anything.in the Scriptures. I don't know what it means, if it does not mean that; and there's no need for us to be bothering about doing what was done for us a great deal better eighteen hundred years ago. I believe it was meant for us when the .world was made," added Rick. "-I shouldn't like to think it wasn't. To will to be honest is. to be honest, in my thinking. You could never make me believe in a God that would be hard en a man for a thing like that to night," cried the young man more excitedly. "Now, I'll tell you what you had better do. Take a fle* oath straight away; and I'lMfe witness of it—and start fresh. I've a feeling that it'll be a fair start this time." With a simplicity and a sincerity that might have>seemed Btrange anywhere but in this lonely place, Ransom put down his tobucco and knife, and, going to his swag, uudid the strap?, rum maged about in it for a few aecoudx, and then brought out a Bible in a somewhat worn brown leather binding. He handed it to the man. " There," ho said. " I don't RiippoKO it makes .much odds how one docs the thing, but I think it is better that it should* be done in the good <fld way. Take your oath on this Book, mate, and it shall not be my fault if you fall back. I'll «cc you through with it to the best of my power, if you'll make up your mind to oast in •your lot with mine." The wanderer's face was a curious study at that moment. It did maoh to ooavinoe Ransom that he had been right in yielding to his im pulse of trust. Something almost of ecstasy flashed over it, so intense was the momentary expression of relief Then it gave place to a kind of dreary hopelessness, and then to watch ful suspicion. He put the Bible down on the blanket and said nothing more about his oath. When he spoke it was to ask, " How far are we from a township ?" " A township !" repeated Ransom. " Good Lord, man! Suppose you were to draw a etraignt line down the middle of Cape York Peninsula—say, follow the line of 143deg. E. longitude down about to 16deg. 8. latitude well, ac near as I can make out we are about half-way between the Paoiflc and the Gulf of Carpentaria, with Cooktown for our nearest coast township, and the Palmer diggings for our nearest settled poirt inland. What do you ray to that P Unless you are a better bushman than I take yon for. I wouldn't give much for your proftpeot of making a township." The man laughed rather grimly, but without any dismay in the note. " I'm no bushman," he said; " and if you had told me I had got down south of the Palmer I shouldn't have been any the wiser. Did you mean what you •aid just now about giving me your second horse ? Are there really no more of you P" " Yes, I meant it," replied Ransom. "I am by myself. I left my mates pegging ont a ejaim just outside the Palmer limits. It wasn't good enough for me, and the sort of oath I told you I had made to myself was that I'd strike out and not come back till I had found what I waa in search of." The man gave a start and bent over quickly to Hansom. " Y<m are on the lookout for gold, thenP Have you any reason to believe it lies ■o far north as this P" " I've got no certain knowledge," answered Ransom slowly. " Prospectors would tell you that payable gold never breeds on scrubby country. But I've heard stories that have come down through the black* whioh make me certain in my own mind that we are not far off a big find. You've heard the kind of legend, too, I dare say, of the rloh mine that most people have taken to mean the Palmer diggings. I have been a good deal about among the coast blacks in tiie last few months, and have been at some Kins to oollect all the information I could get Id of. I'm convinced that the mine is some where in the hilly oountry. You know that Bell's exploring party sighted and christened the Binbian range ; but they never went far enough inland to cross it, or even to get to its foot. Well, I mean to reach the Binbian range: for the gold is there. I know it. The feeling is borne in upon me. I can't explain it. I've a presentiment that my luok is leading me to the plaoe. Now you now as muoh about it all as I do. And, what is more, since you turned up I've got another queer presentiment that the saving of your life has something to do with the finding of that mine." Ransom stopped, drawing a long excited breath, and gazed out with wide bright eyes into the vast shadowy night. He forgot his Spe, forgot their dangers and their forlorn oon tion, forgot everything except the conviction whioh had shaped itself in constant brooding during lonely rides and long night watches, till it had beoome as fixed a reality, as muoh apart of himself, as the religious faith of a hermit fanatic. He forgot for the moment vague spe culations which had been framing themselves concerning his companion, whose laugh now rang ont again wildly and strangely, and this time with aomething exultant in its ring. " What!" he said. "Do you believe, then, that I have brought you luck ?—a poor broken down, starving, good-for-nothing devil like me! —a fellow that has to take an oath to keep him from stealing your grog in the night and making a beast of himself!" " I don't know," said Ransom, turning to kirn. " I've got the feeling; and there it is, and that's all about it. A chap gets in the way of having presentiments when he is always by himself in the bush; and the odd thing is, that more often than not they come true. I don't believe you would steal my grog, all the same, oath or no oath. And, if you did, I only oarry .it in oase of an accident or a snake-bite ; and you'd run that risk as well as I. I have had a dogged determination on me ever sinoe I left my mates that I'd find that gold; and now I say that we will find it together." "By God, we will!" cried the man, with a sudden and strange impressiveness, as, half rising from the blanket, he put out his arm and laid it heavily on Ransom's knee. " I believe you. I believe in your presentiment. It is fate that has made us strike upon each other like this. It is God that has brought us together. He meant that we should each give the other his chance. If it hadn't been for you I'd be a dead man to-morrow. I couldn't have held out any longer. Do you know that I have been wandering in the bush for months—l don't know how many ? I out notches on a stick, but I lost it. I've wandered up here from the oonst just below Cooktown. Think of that! You nave given me life ; you have given me hope ; you have given me faith in myself; and lam going to do something for you in return. You shan't repent this night's work. I am going to give you your chance in life. lam going to give you gold." Riohurd Ransom gazed at the man silently, with deep solemnity, but with no amazement, •or even anxiety to learn more. It was true, then. It had come This man knew that there .was gold. He was going to lead him to it. This was the dear thought whioh formed itself. Ransom waited as those wait who are certain. " What is your name;" the man asked. "Richard Ransom," he answered. "And yours?" The man panned. He lifted the hand which had lain on Hansom 1 b kneo, imd with n rapid unomwioua gesture brunhed it acroßß his fore head as it' he were sweeping away the mists " tho p^«t. " Never mind my name," he suiil presently. " I dropped it five years ago, and I don't mean to take it up again. Thit is going to be a fresh start for me. You can call me Jo. You have found me by the Binbian range, ■o call me Jo Binbian—Binbian Jo." (TO BB COXTIVUED.] 