EXTRAORDINARY MURDER AT TUNBRIDGE WELLS. APPALLING STORY OF YOUTHFUL DEPRAVITY. [From our Special Correspondent ] London, October 19, 1888. On the evening of the 20th July last Mr. Lawrence, chief engineer at the Baltic Sawmills, Tunbridge Wells, was called out of his house by two men, who told him he was wanted at the office. The poor mam left his wife and family. By and-bye * shot was heard, and a short time after the body of the murdered engineer was found in the road. He had been shot through the head at dose quarters. The mystery was a very painful one, as ■ Mr. Lawrence waa universally respected and had no enemies. Suspicion natni—lly fell on the workmen at the sawmills, and several were shadowed, but without result. Time passed, and though the police had valuable dues {which one can now Me would have led direct to the janrferei? lad they not disregarded them) nothing could be discovered. The first gleam of light came on Friday even ing last. It was then rumored in Ton bridge that two ladi named Gower and PobeO, aged respectively 17 and IS, had «*«?f.«««^ tbe crime to a local leader of toe Salvation Army, and were even no w In custody. At first very few credited the story. The two boye, their friend* ssid, jrere always reading " penny dreadfuls," and had hoa«d tbe police for the sake of notoriety. Later, nW«rer, the circus ■tutial chancier of their confession began to impress people in spite of them ae>ret, and there can now be no doubt wfeaterer *iie pair are the long looked for mntderera. Gower, it seems, had * grudge •gainst Mr. Law—nse for kecpisg -him late on one or two ocea*ir~i and caHmg him "aoft- J_?*B<L" Dsbell did not work at the sawmills, a_t had nothing agalnet the ffigrnwir, I>st he waa Gower's pal, and "tree as atcef (to qaote that wretched youth). Gower'a CDterpttses wece IbbeU's and 9obaU% Gower'a, OonaeqaenUj when th« la«*-name-ta—UUe yoo£n, after read ing 4n4he "Young Gentleman of Gnat Britain," or some auch periodical, how . gdbuat young *' X^zate Dick" dis* poaest of a hated opprcasoi, proposed to choot the tyrant iAwrence, Dabell cor dialiy agree 4 to assist Urn. The crime in him tn have been committed perfectly caEuafir, in fact, as will be seen below, it waa only one of a aeries. The pair tossed up y*«i~fc -irfri upotthB old man," and *' the job" iell to young DobelL On Sep tember 27 Dobeil, meeting a boy in the street, aaked him to take the foUowiog letter to the editor of the local paper :— Bir—Two manias having now paased, I ven ture to ask yon to .be kind, csumgh to allow me a snail tpsce iayour valuable piper foe a few tacts coacec?ipg the death of the late Mr. Lawsecce. In the first place I beg to state teat tbe evidence given at die inquest aad ■fterwardJ has been utterly falae, witb the exotytua of the two lads in the timber-yard. I beg to correct that wrong ststemeat Sirs, Idtwrecce I, tbe mordarer, did not daemons him from nil house at all, as he w*3 outride the back door when I first spoke to him, and my impression was to have shot him co tbe spot. Lawrence was —ry talkative waen be wa? out of doors, little thinking of tbe death he bad so .shortly got to die. Tbe last words be spoke while in my com pany was when he caught sight of the pistol sticking out ?f irjy_ pocket. He said " What do you carry tbemtbings about with yoa fort* My answer was "To shoot down dogs and cues like yoa <-* Lawrence eaid " What, would you shoot a. " Bang! And Tunbridge Wells was etsztled by another mystery which is never likely to be found -out. I might here state that the key which was found is likely to lead to no due whatever, at that taaamach s mystery to me as the murder is to you. I also wish to threaten He. Edwards if he hat any more to fay concerning Mr. Martin, who ia as innocent of the crime aa he is.—l remain, your* truly, AKOTHEB WIUTECHAPW. MCBDEBEB. There was a postscript which stated that another letter giving the whole of the partfeoiar? from beginning to end would follow shortly. This letter was daly shown to the police, who, however, neg lected to follow it up on the ground that they were sure It was a hoax. Ob October SthDobell jocularly confessed his crise to a brother workman, who merely laughe-i and declined to believe such bunkum. At this time the two " mates " were at tending die Salvation Army meetings at Ttmbridge Wells—for what purpose is open to some suspicion, as one of them has afcoce confessed that one night he -west there "armed to the teej&, and on the lookout for someone." On October 11th, says a local correspondent of die Daily Sews, both Gower and Dobeil were at a Salvation Army meeting led by Mr.' OotterilL This gentleman dis coursed upon " Victories won; and what they cost," and he noticed at the peniten tial taWe after the address that Gower seemed to have something on his mind. Nextinondrjg early the young man called at Mr. Cotterili'B house, and was accosted with "Good morning. Bid you get vic tory last night %" Qower answered, *' No; I didnt get eared ; " but added *'I believe my mate got saved last night." More conver sation ensued, and lb. Cotterill told <tower he suspected he had something on hte mind, and urged that If he had he must confess before God would save him. The youth hesitated awhile, but ac length add there had been nothing bad do?e In Tunbridge Wells for some time that he and his mate had not been at the bottom of; that they were two bad characters ; that they were at the bottom ct tfce Saw WBs murder. In response to "Mr. Cotterill'a expression of surprise Gower continued, " Me and my mate did it; we tossed pp as to-who should do it." Acked pby itrwat done, he said It wssoo* ;whb*ad stopped his time; asked how it w«b d«ne;'l? wSd, "One of es fetched him cct, tv'd fcino be was wanted, and when the road was cleat my mate ehot him." In the course of further t&lk; Gower explained that he and Dobell were sometimes sorry fcr what they had done, but sometimes felt thai if Lawrence were to tlse again they wocld do just the same. Ec declined Mr. CotteriU'e invitation to confess to tho police, but gave htm per mission to tell his wife on condition thai be told no one else. Mr. Cotterili asked Gower to come again, and the young man vent to his work. The Salvation j Army officer then, with a promptitude and I completeness which gained for him a I public compliment from the magistrates, I communicated with the army officers in London, with the result that in the after noon he accompanied Mr. Superintendent Emery to the saw mills. The arrest was effected by the superintendent, to whom Gower, in & nonchalant manner, admitted the charge, and said—Yes, it was perfectly true that they tossed as to wha should shoot, and the lot fell to Dobeil. The manager of the mills, who was standing by, remarked, "Bat Dobeil never worked for ns. What grudge could he have against Lawrence?" "Oh," airily chimed In Gower, "he's a friend of mine, and as true as steel" A moment later he said with a toss of his bead, and with a tone of Indifference, "Lawrance was always calling me soft headed." Gower told the | superintendent how and where to find the revolver and cartridges, and gave him other incriminating information. When the superintendent came out of the mills ' with his prisoner the latter shook hands ; with Mr. Cotterill and said, "Well, cap tain, 1 thought yon wonld hare waited till to-night." Mr. Cotterill answered that he had to act nnder orders from his snpe- ! rlor officer, and showed him the telegram received ordering htm to go to the police j at once. Meanwhile a detective had arrested Dobeil at his home. A letter had been received by him daring the day from Gower in the following terms:— " My Dear Mate.—The Holy Ghost entered your heart last night. God only knows I wish it bad mine. There seems to be something; I could not give up. I went to the captain this morning and confessed all to Eim. He wants to see us both to- night; co please to come down to my borne to night at 6 o'clock instead of 5.30. The lodge will be unlocked, co you can come in. Don't be Later than 6 o'clock. I cave not said anything to rr.y mother yet.— Yonr Mate." DobeJl admitted to the police that he was the actual murderer, and explained that the threat in the published letter re ferred to a man who had given evidence at a trial against some acquaintance. The prisoners were committed for trial on the charge of wilful murder, but a new sur prise was in store when they came up for the signing of depositions. During the night of Monday the pri soners in their cells freely, and in the boldest manner, made confession of a string of crimes. Last year they set fire to three empty homes, one each for October, November, and December: they find several fagot and hay stacks ; they broke into a house and stole some cage birds, leaving a dagger stick behind them, which Dobeil in the most ktkifih manner informed Mr. Su perintendent Emery was his property. They set fire to the firs on the common time after time, and they lay to wait to take the life of a former comrade, named Langridge. To use their own expression, they intended to " pop him off." Three times in succession they were foiled. A letter, on the first occasion, was sent as if from a yooDg woman of his acquaintance, making an appointment. Langridge went to the place mentioned and coded his heels for twenty minutes, watched by Gower and Dobeil, in arabath. Gower at length came out and said that the girl had gone on to her slaters; should they walk together? The intention was to murder Langridge at a certain gap from which Dobeil was to spring, but the sjap happened to be stopped up, and Dobell, In retreating from it, happened to Ton into a policeman. The engagement accordingly fell through. On a «ecind occasion Langridge escaped by refusing to accompany Dobeil down a dark lane, and a third merciful interposition, was brongUt about by Langridge's mother keeping luck a false letter by which he ~ts to be decoyed into a lonely bye- way. This youth Langridge was once a comrade, but the friendship cooled; and the cold* blooded pair who remained constant, doubting bis discretion tn the matter of secrets, resolved to *' pop him off." | Any hopes that were entertained early in the week as to the penitence or remorse of these desperate youths were dispelled by their demeanor in court. At the very commencement of the proceedings they were reproved for turning their backs upon the magistrates and staging jauntily about the court Dobeil defiantly and angrily denied that they tossed np as to who should fire the first shot, and both Gower and Dobell showed an absolute indifference about die grave posi tion in which they stood. After they were committed for trial they sane, yelled, whistled, and laughed in the ceils, and the last thing seen of them at the Tonbridge Railway Junction was Dobeil in blackguardly language threaten ing (when he comes out) to "do for" some person whom he recognised in the crowd. The young men have since their arrest created the worst impression by their reckless, defiant, and hardened de meanor. It is said tint a large number of the vicious publications by which the xnieds of lads of the working class order are poisoned have been found in the homes of (Jower and Dobeil. 