English Mail. : The great Congress of Churchmen— High, Low, and Broad — has met at Manchester under the presidency of our late Bishop, and in ita success has surpassed the expectations of even the most sanguine advocates of such meetings. The President, in his opening address, held up to scorn the idea that Church Congresses had fulfilled their work now that there were regular conferences of the clergy and laity held in almost every diocese ; and he warmly maintained that the Congress, with its unofficial character and greater freedom, served several most important purposes which no other assemblies could serve. .me oisiiup b uvvn uuuuuuu us tieamcuii iiaa vvuu me vvmiueao appmuue from all classes except the Nonconformists, and in his grand superi ority to the narrowness of party spirit he appeared but the represen tative of the Congress as a whole. Things were said and read which grieved and startled many, and sometimes the great majority, of the members, but a fair hearing was accorded to all who spoke in good taste as well as good faith, and there was a marked absence of that spirit of intolerance of difference which was such a scandal at the Man chester Congress of 1863. The attendance at the meetings was the largest ever attained. The number of full members' tickets issued was 4500 ; of day tickets, 1300 ; and many additional applications had to be refused for want of room ; 22,000 tickets were iasued for workmen's and other special meetings. Every evening there was an audience of at least 5000 in the grand Free Trade Hall, and one evening there were about 10,000 being addressed at the same time in the different halls. One special feature was the presence of no less than forty-three Indian, Colonial, and American, besides several of the missionary Bishops ; and it is pleasant to note that the lay folk of Manchester were moBt hospitable to their thousands of guests. The private hospitality was most liberal and general, and the leading clubs put all the male members of the Con gress on their honorary list for the week. The Guardian, as usual, has done good service to all Churchmen by publishing in extenso all the valuable paper s and speeches which were delivered, and many of these are worthy of permanent preserva tion by all students of the Bible and current thought. The President warmly commended the subject of Bible criticism to the audience, and most of the selected readers were of the more advanced school. There was consequently a marked predominance of that positive, all-assured tone which marks our Broad Church brethren who breathe the German air too freely. Some seemed inclined to throw all tra dition to the winds, and were certainly most complimentary to the Jews as a literary nation. If this style of criticism is correct, then it follows that while Greece has but one great Homer and Rome bnt one Virgil, the Jews had a dozen who could compete with Isaiah in the magnificent diction which goes by his name, and who were yet utterly unrecognised even by name among their own nation 1 The other serious results which follow must have full consideration from all thoughtful teachers of God's truth, and doubtless much good will follow from the candour with which men of position and integrity have now placed these views before the Church. Meanwhile, even the strictest of old-fashioned believers may take comfort from the fact that the 'results' of modern biblical criticism, as they are called, are nearly all disputed by eminent scholars of different schools of thought. The adaptation of the Prayer-book stands next in importance to the question of the adaptability of the Bible to modern needs, and on this there was great variety of opinion. But the BiHhop of Syduey evidently reflected the mind of the Congress as a whole in maintain ing that the grand old bond of union should remain unaltered, and that special needs should be provided for in the way of addition rather than! alteration. But the Bishop of Exeter (Dr. Bickersteth) has called attention to the desirableness of intercommunion with the gre&t; Eastern Churches with a view tb strengthening the position of our'Churbh with reference to Rome, the common antagonist of both ; and as our version of the Nicene' Creed is a great obstacle in the way, many Churchmen in England' arid Am erica ate. strongly of opinion that' the English Church should take action' in the matter. As is known to many, the' ad.ditidh''of the words, about the Holy Ghost proceeding 'from the Son' was unau,thorised, arid is most objection able' to 'the mitid b£ the Eastern Churches, both oh the scoie of doctrine and of authority. ' The1 Lambeth Conference took the matter into consideration, and the question of a new translation of both the Nicene and the Athanasian Creeds is being actively discussed. The cries of 'No pew rents' and -l No closing of church doors' are evidently fast gaining power at home, arid thedemocratic colonies av& as firm as ever in their devotion to the other side on both these questions. It would seem that the difference arises chiefly from our respective' tasks ; we have chiefly to consolidate our forces, while the Church at home is strong enough to be vigorously aggressive. Oni3 'sign of this' was the very general interest shown at the Congtess in the discussion of the Brotherhood's and Sisterhoods of Church jworkers. All leading men at home seem agreed that large town parishes worked from a common centre are more effective than smalljparishes; and also that the parochial system generally reqnires to be supplemented by organised bodies of devoted men and women living in their several communities. under rule. There are very few societies as yet 'of men. at; home; but of Sisters and deaconesses there is a large and everMncreasing body, who 'do an' immense amount of work. -at home and abroad. We find from the reports that English sisters, from home institutions are doing .noble work in Nevy York, Bojnb ay, Galcut'tarLahore,' 'and Ifhe Cape, in charge bf hospitals and schools; and assisting1 in the .ordinary work of parishes; arid it may be aske,d;if there.is not. plenty of room and work for. at least a/sepre. in ttie slum's arid schools of ''Melbourne and Sydney. . ~~ The Eev. W. C. Stubbs, a Liverpool rectior, 'spoke most ably on the important qitestiOtf of . V Peraocracy in Relation to Church Life and Work,' and strongly advocated that the.Churcji.shpuid thoroughly and cordially recognise the practically predbhiinarit position of the working classes as a power in the State, and adapt its system of teaching and working as much as possible to meet their wants and win them as active workers. He showed how in the past the Church had often identified itself with the cause. of freedom, and that this was but the natural outcome of the teaching of Christ ; and he inferred that in making a grand efEo'rt to put itself at the head of all that was true andgood iri'socialism, the Church would be able to further the general interests of humanity, and also to stem and control the workirier of nernieious inflnp.np.RH WliioVi «t. ??nrhoivnf v^r.™ „« ~...»-u power for evil and in promoting useless discontent. All; clergy wh6 wish for forcible arguments against the evils of betting and gambling will do well to study a paper by Dean Hole whidh- was xead at the Congress. The Dean isnow one of the leading preachers of England, and he furnishes some new and many old argifmentsj worked up with great force and oratorical power, which would prove most useful for a Cup Day sermon for those many good people who see no harm in moderate betting and small gambling. Tli6 work of the Church Congress proved to be too much for the President, and he had to deliver his closing address by proxy. It was'thorqughly'snited fco the occasion, and the members were' dis mistied to' the quiet consideration and the practical' working out of what' they had heard with eloquent references to the power of the Cross of Christ to save and to conquer in the riew work which His . Church has year by year. to take up. The next- Congress is to help the; Church in' Wales, which is now on its trial before party politicians, and the place of meeting will be Cardiff. The Church societies for the youth of both sexes are flourishing1 xne utris ^nenacy Society had a stall at the Congress for sale of work, &c;, and its report shows that there are now 160,000 members in England arid Wales alone; arid the Young Men's Friendly Society while/far behind the Girls' in numbers as in age, yet has 505 branches at hbrhe and abroad, and a list of 28,000 associates and members. To stiiviip our own lukewarm interest in foreign missions, we may note that the Church Missionary Society held on 3rd October a vale dictory dismissal of forty-five missionaries, who are going or returning to work in the mission-field in Asia arid Africa. Twenty of these were recruits. '? . Tlie ' ordination' of deaconesses is becoming more common and we read' that Bishop Temple, of London, solemnly ordained with the laying on of hands ttvo ladies to this ancient office. The ordination was heild at Sfc. Michael's Church, Paddingfcon, and the choir was formed of priests only, as was the case on a previous occasion The ladies were presented to the Bishop by the Warden, and his Lordship presented each of the deaconesses with the cross of the society to wear as a badge, and solemnly committed them to the charge of the Sister Superior.' Would it not be an advantage to the Church if bur lay readers were' solemnly set apart for their work with a special service and the prayers of their congregations 1 A clergyman in Newfoundland has taken the trouble to inform Churchmen at home of some of the contents of a Book of Instructions for officers' of the. Salvation Army, which, he says, is published at Toronto, and bears the imprimatur of General Booth. Two questions he quotes are, ' Is baptism necessary to salvation ?' and' Is the ordi nance of the Lord's Supper necessary to salvation ?' The answer in each case is, he says, 'Decidedly not,' and this is printed in capital letters. ..It would be interesting to know if the same or a similar cate chism is in use at Melbourne. The advocates of religious instruction and of economy in expendi ture won a hard-fought victory at the last elections for the London School Board, and now after three years of work they have had the pleasure of reporting that the expenditure has been reduced by £250,000 per annum, and that the reports of the Government 1 nspecxbrs show^hat there has been increased efficiency all round in ; the work done. More than half the schools are reported, as of , distinguished merit, and the percentage of improvement ia 63 per f dent. They have been judged fairly on their merits, arid the Telegraph reports that, in spite of all the efforts of the secularists and political dissenters, the advocates of religious instruction have again been returned for three years more with a good working majority. 