Death off the Emperor Frederick j I off Germany. (English Papers.) TUB CLOSING SCENE.-UNIVERSAL MOUKNÍNQ. The Emperor Fredorick of Germany passed peace- fully away at twelve minutea pTBt eleven o'clock on tho morning of Friday, the 15th June For Bomo time before the end came HIP Majesty had been lying in a light slumber, broken by wakeful intervals, in which bo showed distinct conscious- ness, but gave no indication that he was suffering pain The official Reiohsantexger published the following announcement at noon -"Tho Royal sufferer has ended his earthly career By God s decree, His Majesty the Emperor and King Frederick, our most gracious Master, passed into eternal rest shortly after eleven o'clock this morn ing, after long and grievous sufferings, borne with adrairablo fortitude and submission to God's will The Boyal House and our people, twice bereaved within a short time, deeply mourn tho all too early decease of the much beloved Euler " Anything more pathetically mournful than the death of the Emperor Frederick (the Daily News' correspondent remarks) is not recorded in history. At the death of other monarchs precious hut words have been recorded and treasured for cen- turies by a grateful people. The Emperor Frederick takes leave of the world and of his loved ones by looks and gestures. The Emperor, though never unconscious, was in a state of stupor. Every now and then a smile flitted over his face, which wore an expression plainly showing that he was not in pain. At ten o'clock Sir Moroll Mackenzie stepped out of the Emperor's rooms with his hat on, walked rapidly to the Crown Prince William, who was waiting for hint, and after a few hurried words they went into thd large ground floor room where the Emperor was breathing his last. He lay on an iron bedstead, his head raised by large pillows, his wan hand on th« white coverlet. Sir Morell Mackenzie stood between the bed and a'table on which wore instruments and medicines. The Crown Prince William placed himself on the opposite side. The Empress was seated at the lower end of the bed, and afterwards knelt beside it, and remained in this position during the last hours, watching the faint gasps of breath. During the night the Emperor, when consciousness returned, had beckoned her to his side by a look, and as she bent low over him, had murmured a single word, and some short sen- tences which she alone understood. At the foot of the bed knelt the Emperor's four daughters, Prince Henry, and the two daughters-in-law. The chaplain softly murmured the Litany. The Princess Frederick Charles, who had brought some white roses, and an hour later strewed them over the Emperor's coverlet, stood with the rest of the family. At some distance were the members of the household. The servants crowded to the doors, and stood there with bowed heads and holding their breath. From timo to time the monotonous sounds of the Litany were interrupted by half-restrained sobs, the most heart-rending being those of poor old Wendelin, the Emperor's trusted servant since the days of his youth. Every five minutes Sir Morell Mackenzie, the other physicians standing behind him, felt the Emperor's pulse, and the ex- presión of his face showed that it was growing weaker every moment, and was sometimes sus- pended altogether. The breathing waa very short, and so faint that the physician was obliged to place his ear close'to the Emperor's lips to dis- tinguished it at all. At eleven o'clock Sir Morell Mackenzie signed to the Empress, who fervently kissed the hand of the dying Emperor, and at twelve minutes passed eleven he declared life to have passed away. The Crown Prince William gave whispered orders. Two adjutants left the room, and at a quarter past twelve, while tho silent throngs watched with bated breath, the imperial standard was lowered to half-mast. The second adjutant, a major, had stepped out into tho court- yard and waved MB pocket-handkerchief to the sentinels. In less thau three minutes, just us the standard had been lowered, the husBars had moun- ted and galloped away in all directions, taking possession of every gate and every outer door of the castle. In all parts of the park soldiers wero soon conspicuous. It is stated that as soon as Sir Morell Mackenzie had declared thot the Emperor's sufferings were at at end, an indescribably sad scene ensued. Throughout the past year of trial, tho Empress Victoria had always kept up a cheerful appearance, but at length tho profound grief and anxiety which she had so long heroically suppressed found vent in inconsolable sobs. Her Majesty knelt d*wn beside her dead Consort and wept bitterly, and it was not till after the lapse of along interval that her eldest son was able to induce her to retire to her apartments. Immediately after the death, the Imperial widow folded a silk handkerchief round her husband's neck. The Emperor William, who sobbed audibly, placed his father's Iron Cross and Order Pour le Mérite on the chest of the dead, together with a small gold ehain to whith are attached a number of lockets and charms, and laid his fathe»'s sword on the bed by his side. Prince Henry fetched a dry laurel-wreath of a former date and laid it over his father's breast. In this position His Majesty re- clined, changed by weakness, but yet wearing his well-known manly expression. When the Empress Victoria and the other members of the Royal Family had reverentially kiBsed the august remains -they kissed his face and his feet-Prince Henry gave his arm to his mother and conducted her from the chamber. The Imperial widow then withdrew to her own apartments. The famous painter, Herr Anton von Werner, went by command to the palace early in the morn- ing and made some sketches for a future portrayal of the Emperor's last hours. Prince Bismarck and all the members of the Ministry, as well as the aides-de- camp and officers on duty in the palace, were in the afternoon admit- ted to the room in which the remains of the Emperor lay. the body which reposed on an iron bedstead, the same on which his Majesty expired, was enveloped in a white shroud, only the upper part of his face being left exposed. On his breast j was a wreath of laurel, and the hands, which were joined, rested on the hilt of a cavalry sabre. At the foot of the bed was a table covered with flowers. Later on the servants of the Household and the soldiers of the Lehrabatillon were allowed to enter the death-chamber, and to pay a last tribute of re ?pect to their late master. At two o'clock in the afternoon the bells of the city began tolling for the late Emperor. Mourning flags were displayed, and the busts of the late Emperor in the shop windows were veiled with crape. A feeling of deep regret is everywhere manifest. The Berlin Municipal Council received the news of the Emperor's death while in session, the sad event being communicated to the members by Herr von Fordenbeck, the Chief Burgomaster. The Council immediately adjourned. Within an hour or two of the news of the Emperor's death be- coming known, a great number of houses had been draped with black, and it was noticeable that many of the people in the streets were dressed in mourn- ing. Great crowds collected in the Unter den Linden Avenue in tho course of the afternoon, many carrying bouquets of flowers veiled in crape as a sign of mourning. The news of the Emperor's death n as immediately dispatched to all quarters of tho globe, and the telegrams from tho various foreign capitals next morning showed that the deepest sorrow and sym- pathy nad been evoked by the announcement. TUB CAU8K OF DEATH. A post-mortem examination took place the day after his death. It was conducted by Professor Virchow, and lasted more than an hour. All tho physicians were present. It was found that the larynx had been totally destroyed by cancer. Sir Morell Mackenzie Bays, in his report on the Empe- ror's illness : " In my opinion tho diseaso from which the Emperor died was cancer. The morbid process probably commenced in the deepest tissues of the cartilaginous structures of the larynx, and they became affected at a very early date. A small growth which was present when I first ex a mined the late Emperor was removed by me by several operations, and all the portions taken away I were submitted to Professor Virchow. He was I unable to detect in them any evidence of the exis-1 tence of cancer. Examinations made at the begin- ning of March by Professor Waldeyer, however, led to the belief that cancer was then present Whether t.ho -«. " ' c í 'l ( t I r I j I k k r i ?»< .i i* t L c) 1 c t A V c IN t'í te 4 i' i i ! r »i C!í of. Li n BU ti! ti, to Tl ai erary exemplary trait of love and affability with which Thou didst adorn him for service and command, for the band of union between South and North which ho at a great epoch and in chivalrous conflict helped to create, for all the heroic patience with which he bore his long and grievous malady, ever silent to Thee, ever strong through Thee, the Master in helping, and for the gracious end which Thou hast given to his suffer- ings. Above all, we thank Thee that Thou hast caused the clear light of Thy Gospel of Jesus the Lamb that beais our sin to shine before the departed so that he has been able to lay down his cross at the foot of the Cross of Golgotha with the prayer m Jesus name, " Nothing can befall me but what Thou has hast seen Thyself, and what makes for my salvation." Comfort, thou God of all comfort with the thoughts of Thy peaco the widowed Empress and Queen, who has stood in love and sorrow at the side of the departed these thirty year3, the Empress-Mother now left alone. Bear her up in her new grief, and let Thy power be, in her weakness, with the Grand Duchess of Baden, who within a few woeks has seen her son, her father, her brother sink into the grave. Bless our Emperor and Empress whom Thou has led by a solemn path past two death- beds to the Throne ; bless the newly-wedded Prince, whom his dying father was still able to bleBB ; support all the children and grandchildren, and our old people, going from one mourning into another. Oh, may we all, in passing through the Dark Valley, learn to strive and hope, believe and love, pray and conquer, through Thy Son Jesus Christ, Our Lord, to whom, with Thee and the Holy Ghost, be praise, honour, and glory for ever and ever. Amen. The Princess of Wales, the young Empress, and several PrincesseB had driven to the church, and were there in a retired corner before the procession arrived. The clergy entered first, and went into the apsis behind the high altar. The same cere- mony which took place when the coffin was placed on the hearse was repeated at the church door. Twelve generals bore the coffin through the atrium, with its beautiful gigantic statue of Christ, up the steps, and through the middle aisle, and placed it upon a sable-covered platform. The functionaries of State took up the same positions as at Friedrichs kron. The male members of the Imperial family formed a semi-circle, the Emperor, with the King of Saxony and the Prince of Wales, standing in the centre. The Emperor Frederick had expressed a wish that no sermon should be delivered at his bier. The Court Chaplain therefore simply uttered a prayer. Afterwards some hymns were sung, snd some passages from the New Testament were read. The choir then sang " For the Lord says they rest from their labours, and their works follow them." The Chaplain then offered up an appropriate prayer. He invoked the consolations of religion for the widowed Empress, who during thirty years had shared the departed Emperor's joys and woes ; the aged Empress, who seemed too .'' '" I. lill IJU.I_~~ _^1 spa* of a few months had lo.t Í^\"¡ J* *<* a brother. After the prayer tW .' fUher'«i is the resurrection and ££**£** "Ck* gregation joined in the hvmn «Tl! ntho^ Eedeemer liveth.» Whon th« i.\ tUt»r organ had died out *?££?**% followed by the Kin, of ¿XtaSTÎ ^ coffin. At the cloaeof the servie ÄS^» Von Blumenthal lowered tta^K**« the coffin. The members of thsT? .^cs then kissed the head o £íftfM sacred edifice. The condudoV^L"* "* ». announced by volley firing",. J'".6 '""« »U Empress Victoria wL. JS^C* ¡J* prayed over the remains. AnotherÏÏ^T Ml was celebrated at night in the 52^.**» which the Empress Victoria Zt^'« Family only were present. ^ VOTE OF CONDOLENCE BY trjK MUTIln ",,,, The Marquess of Salisbury, Ttl?T* Lords on June l8, and Mr W H 7^** ,f House of Commons, mov¿d thai I ''"tt' presented to theQuce* and to the Ger« ^ expressing the deep condolence of the t», ff with their Majesties, on the occasion otlf^î of the German Emperor. Bothia £ 5L Lords and the House of Commons th..1^4f \- -oc ul vommona there was a »" M-,rge attendance. In tho Upper How eeresses and members of the Diploo^ T> .ere present; and in the Lower JT ? Duldnotfindsittinga^mmodatioiontholí elowcrowdedthegaUcrie8up(taiM. Theíí f the noble Marquess and the right hon.^T .an were listened to in profanad and ol¿" dence. Earl Granville seconded the motion in?, [ouse of Lords and Mr. Gladstone in the Hoi o ommons, the latter speaking with much difficultr i consequence of severe hoarseness. TheMarau« f Hartington on behalf of those with who!* ad been in the habit of acting, expreß eoncnr mee m every word that had fallen from ft ,iadstone, and thanked him for the eloquent xpression he had given to the thoughts and «uti lents that prevailed in every part of the Eton ?he resolutions were agreed to. It has not escaped notice that both tho Emter« Pederick and his father died on a Frid»T, »a< hat the other Hohenzollern Field Marshall' the îed Prince Fredorick Charles, also died &t; the ame age as the Empeior Frederick-namely, Si- to June .15, just three years ago. 