An Artist's Night of Terror. . _ Br J. Cbawfckd Soott. By profession I am a painter, and it was at tiie time when I was an enthusiastic stu dent of art that the adventure which I am about -to narrate befell me. One autumn I was staying on the English eide of the Bor der, in that ' Debatable Laud ' which had formerly been the scene of so many bloody fraye. Among my many ambitions projects ? - of dose days I jhad formed the design of [painting several -pictures representing some of the best known scenes in the Waverley novels, ana, jast as cneir great autnor uau done, I had left Edinburgh and made a raid in search of character. I must confess, how ' ever, that I was only partially successful. I. am conscious now that I lacked the imagination that is necessary for the work I had undertaken. I had found, as I believed, the exact counterpart of Andrew FairBer viue, but I had met with ne Bob Boy, nor had' I seen. Diana Yernon. I had begun to think that romance was indeed far removed from reality, when fortune decreed that I should play a part in events not less strange than those I had met with in fiction. The locality in which I was residing was wild and bleak in the extreme. The village in which I lodged consisted only of 6 few small houses, *and the larger house* in t£x part of the country were few in number anfo far apart. I had formed one very pleasant acnaintnn.ncp. in the nerfion nf nn eloar] gentleman of means, who lived about three miles off. Hia name wae Hepburn. -B^i he ' was both a landowner and a magistrate. Mr. Hepburn was a man of considerable ..culture and of ranch kindliness of heart, and learning that there was va artist staying in the village he called on me, and a!«o invited me tn his house. He was good enough to express his approval of my picture*, »nd, as ' - ' he proved to be an authority on the anti quarian subjects which I was steering, a friendship quickly sprung up between he. Onfi night, when T wu dining wltK^ \Lr. Hepburn, a storm, which had been threaten ing all day, began to break. The wimi irate, the rain began to fall, and we enold hear tiie growling of distant thunder. Mr. Hep burn proposed that I should remain at hL house for the -night and prolong & discus sion we had been holding, bat as I die not wish to trespass farther upon hie hospi tality, and I had some work which I wished . to finish ?iexi morning, I thanked hiui &od; rose to depart. 1 had not gone very far \- : irom the -house when I began tc discover that I had made a mistake in coming away, as it was so dark that I could net follow :~ the moorland path, and the rain was de scending in torrents. I resolved, therefore to retrace my steps and take advantage of the kind effer made me by my host. So ,1 : ? turned and went back in the directfou of Mr. Hepburn's house. After walking «oi):e ' time, however,- as I did not reach it, I w»t forced to come to the unwilling coacln&iAc; that I bad lost ray tc? ? _After several vain . attempts to discover the direction :?* which the house lay, I set ofi across the moor 10 order to reach the village, because, iituoago 1 was no longer on the path, I belifeve I knew, the locality of .the houses sufQciently well to find them. When I had btcc walk ing for about an hour I found thst I bad completely wandered, and that I had no idea where I was, nor what directicr, I Dajztr. to take. The occasional flashes of light ning that for a moment dispelled the dart ness did not serve to 'guide,' but rather to confuse me. Had there been shelter of any kind I should have remained in the cime place till morning, but to remain stationary ~-... on tiie sodden ground while the rai« was pelting and the wind buffeting me was im possible, although I-wae«fraid of failing in to some hole or of stepping into s qnng. ? When I had tieen walking for aesrly another hour a piece of good fortune ibefel) me greater than I had hoped foe 1 ' came to a turnpike road, Which with care if, jsa3 impossible' tt- lose; and hy walking lalccj rTFhich I knew I must eventually rtaeLt some house, or meet Bomeone. I had not' gone very far when the first of these anticipates was fulfilled, as I came to an avenue leading off the road, and by following this for kbmt a. quarter of a mile I came to a hosse of large size, which appeared looming through the darkness. As I looked I jsaw dis tinctly alight moving first in one window and then in another. Nearly vorn sot with exposure and fatigue, I resolved to ask -for shelter. Without much drgiculty I iosnd.tbe door, .and then I knocked. Id the stillness of the night, or ratJierl early morning, 'the sound reverberated as though 'the house were empty. I waited « Mttte. but as no one came I knocked agsinl and, after a few minutes, a, third time.' No answer was given to my' summon*. ?? I opn cluded I was denied JuTtniwiQn, I chanced to look upB-ardaySmd at tbai Xnomsnt the \- lightning, which I thought had ceased, ap peared again, and :$hft Sueb revej*!e4 *o me the head of a man, who was lookicg out of an open window only a few feet above me. The light, which had enabled me to see him tad also, I suppose, made him aware Of the fact that he had been observed, for, imme diately addressing me .in a gruff voice, tie said, ' What do yon want here at this hour ?' ' I have been wandering since ten o'clock on the moors,' I replied, ' and am almost worn out with fatigue and exposure, bo that I have been compelled to apply for .shelter.' ' Itl come down and let you in,' was the reply, spoken as it appeared to me in a less irritated tone. Presently I heard the sound of the door being unlocked, and . 'then, it mas opened, just sufficiently wide to permit me to enter, and was oaieldy riint ? again. On looking at the manjjvlu^liad let me in, I concluded that he wasfeservant Be was about middle size, and wore a home spun Bait ; bis face was pale and intelligent, and he eeemed a little over forty yean of . ;. age. The lamp which he carried gavf only -_ - a feeble light, yet it enabled me to see that the hall was spacious, and adorned, at be. . . came a large country mansion/ with deer heads and other trophies of the chase. 'It is seldom,'' hfi imid, ' that any one in my boose is op at this hour, bnt Iha^e some talking, 'forgetful how the time wai piti^g » : tVhen j heard him call the boose tie own I ; . glanced at him in surprise, because, although hepeemed to be a man of some edncjition, neither .by. bis speech,' manner, nor- appear ance would I have supposed him to belong to the station which the owner of thi&_£ tately residence most undoubtedly hold. , Bidding me follow, lie led fie way up a brood stair case, and then entered an apartment which seemed to be used both- as a picture gallery and^a library. The room was mack longer than it was broad, but how Car it extended I \- - — couid~not seepuivUig to~its-size and tEe in adequate light. A candle was burning.npon * ; »a*table. at w*iph were Bested two mea, both of whom were of » distinctly lower grade and coarser appearance than my conductor. . ; Ojse of them was a big, powerful-looking \- . young fellow, janil.tbe other «ui oldfjeh jsao. There were eeveral Iwttles and glaiffet on ' the table, and my boat poured out* glass of brandy, bidding me drink it, which I aid. He' .-...'? ifien^pDinted to & leatherr covered arm-chair and bade me be seated. I replied that I was 'afratdTTny' wefcTolhes might TUmage the chair, at which the, old man laughed comi cally, andTJsaiernae Jfke the seat that, was offered me. *X made no further objection, and w« glad to rest »t last. I was* short -,, ;/distaiuJe4rpm the table, and the three who t ',' ' iyere^ seated, by ?itTjegan to talk in a low : . tone, eo that I could not overhear what was Vj eajd'ei luoticed that they were all drinking freely. From sfprfs tfirt apv -and then readied me I believed Oat I was Bieeubject of their conversation. The young fellow made some proposal, to which the man who had let me in objected, and I heard the word ' Kb ; we hare had enough of that.' When be himself made a counter-proposition it seemed to amuse the other two, as they both laughed, apparently giving their consent. Was it possible they were about to make me the subjest of a practical joke f My fatigue made me somewhat regardless of their de signs, and I bad almost begun to dose, when I was startled by hearing one of the most gruesome sounds tbat ever fell upon my ears . It was a groan, and I could compare it to nothing bat the moan of &ome; wounded man iu ma ueaui a|£uujra ibultuu ui »uuu»3 _uu th& three men sprang to their feet And looked at each other with expressions of fe»r. Ap parently they were as ignorant of the cause of this noise as I was myself. There was ab solute silence for Bereral minutes, while the; gazed at each other with questioning \ looks, and then the same terrible sound was heard again, and was, if possible, more awe inspiring than before. The moan seemed to come from some apartment adjacent to that in which we were, and the wretch who had uttered it Beamed to have breathed his last, as we heard nothing more. The men sat down again, filled their glasses, and began to converse in low tones. 'While they were thus engaged, a door, which I had not observed, opened at the end of the gallery, and a tall figure entered shrouded in white. At first I felt no cause for alarm myself, though had I been alone there-would, hare been sufficient reason for me to be afraid ; but I have never seen sbject fear more plainly depicted than it was at that moment on the faces of my three companions. At that unreasonable hour, in the large, dimly-lit room, while the por traits that hung upon the walls, seen through the .gloom, seemed almost to be endowed with life, the appa^tion that wbb|b1ow}{' advanc ing towards ue was sufficiently terrifying, and I began to participate in the dread which the others -manifested. The fignre was that of a talli.siender woman, whose right hand was stretched towards us in a warning at titude, while with her left she held part of tier white drapery so ae to conceal her face, au action which served to intensify ±be grue someness of her appearance, as thongh it signified that there was still another source of terror in store for us, or that she was hid ing what was too terrible to be revealed. After standing before us for a few seconds she walked away in the opposite direction to that in which she had come, and with a final gesture of warning d'sappeared amid the darkness. Wbem the apparition had vanished there was a short silence, and then the oldest man rose, with am oath, and said, ' jLet us get out of this 1' ' First,' said ihe youngest resolutely, ' we must dispose of him,' indicat ing me with a motion of his bead. There upon the man I bad nrstseen filled atambler with brandy, and, bringiBg it to me, eaid, ' Drink it off as quick as you can.' I hesi tated. -' There's nothing wrong with it,' he said, taking a mouthful iiimseif, 'and you had better da as I tell yon,' he added, signi ficantly, at ihe fame jtime ^producing from the breast of his coat a knife with a long sharp blade, on which, to my-hqrror, I eaw stains of blood. The other two Jfien had ap proached us, and were standiag by his side in resolute attitudes, prepared, if necessary, to aid him. At that moment of supreme fear — for I am not ashamed to own that I was greatly afraid — it passed through my mind tbat only a few hours before I had pro nounced life to be utterly commonplace, and bad believed the marvellous io exist only in the brain of the romancer. With the know ledge that {resistance was useless, I did as I was ordered, and drained the tumbler, which had been placed in my hand. It was filled for the second time with the same fiery liquid, and being held to my lips, I was told to drink again. I was scarcely able to obey, bnt 1 soon felt that the contents of the glass were being poured into my mouth, and then I became unconscious, When I recovered my senses, I found my self stretched upon a rade conch in a plaea which .offered a- striking contrast; to . the scene which was stall fresh in my memory. So vividly were the events In which I had last taken part impressed upon my mind that it seemed as if they had occurred only a few minutes before, though, as it was now daylight, many hours must have elapsed. From the smaUness of the room where I found myself lying, from the bare walls and floor, and the absence of furniture,. I con cluded I was in a cell of a prison or police station : and my conjecture seemed to be confirmed when, on looking np, I saw near the roof a barred window. All doubt »n the matter, if I had any, was soon eet at rest, when a man in the dress of. a constable en tered, accompanied by a gentleman, who looked like a doctor. ' Well, my man,' said the latter on seeing me, ' yon have got round at last. Let me tell you that you have had a very -narrow escape of never being sober again.' I did not reply. My head ached badly, and 1 was stul par tially dazed and giddy. 'I wouldn't make eo free, if I were you,1' said the doctor, jocularly, ' with liquor, tire nest time you get it for nothing.' 'He won't have the chance, for a few weeks .-Jo pome,' observed the constable, and tbey both laughed. Sorae food was brought nj^, ^gt'J fejt little, inclination to eat. Medicine was then given to me. I felt as tired still as though I had never rested, and almost at once fell into s- deep slumber. How long I had slept I did not know, but I was rudely awakened, and, on sitting up, I eaw two constables standing beside me. ' You take thingB pretty easy, young man,' «id«ne of them. 'And why shouldn't I?'. I asked brusquely, 'for I was annoyed by the man's manner. He looked at me in some surprise, and then, taking a newspaper from his pocket, he -laid,, ' Per haps you would like to see this morning's paper,' and, pointing significantly to « para graph, he placed it in my haiide, when I read as follows :—' A daring burglary was perpetrated yesterday morning at Sol way Park, during the .absence of the noble owner. ..About, a week ago Lord Tweeds muir and family went to London, and the house was left in the care of two servants, both of the greatest fidelity, the «ns * young man and the other an elderly house keeper, who has. been in the serf ice of the fiuniip for nwriylioriiy ywra. ' 'Upon the* man servant a murderous attack era* made, and, although the wretches evidently left him for dead, hopes are now entertained ot his ultimate recovery. He was first render ed insensible by a blow on the heafl, -and then stabbed by some sharp weapon. We regret to state ^tha* the housekeeper was found dead. No marks of violence can be discovered, and it is supposed that the aged domestic succumbed to fear, as her heart is known ' to have been affected. There is .abundant evidence that a gang of burglars Jfaaye been concerned in this dastardly out rage. We are happy to state 'that one of them has already fallen into the hands of justice, and it is to be hoped tbat the rest will also be speedily apprehended. The thieves succeeded in obtaining a quan tity of wine and spirits, to which they seem to have freely helped themselves. In the midst of their orgies tbey seem sud denly to have been Beared, and to hare de camped quietly, leaving behind them one of their number in a helpless state of intoxi cation. This fellow is at present lying in the district jail, and is quite unknown to the police. Owing to the quantity of spirits he has consumed his condition is prononnsed to be very dangeroas, but in the interests of jnstice it i- to be hoped that he will recover. Our reporter has seen him in bis unconscious etate, and pronounce* him to be a young man of not very robust frame, bnt of » very desperate sad abandoned expression. : The nine of the property stolen MaotmU tp not less than four thousand ponndB. A telegram has been received from Lord Tweedsmuir offering a reward of a thousand pounds for the apprehension of the thieves, and the , re covery of several valuable hen-looms which he specifies, and of which mention is made of elsewhere. Owing to the absence of ithe ladies of the family, none of I-ady Tweed muir's celebrated juweU were in the house at the time of the robbery. Just beforegoing to press his lordship's age»t;has brought us a list of tibe mi»«inp articles, which we pub lish, in the hope that in this way the ends of Justice by leading to the detection of the other burglars.. 1. A valuable coUecjiion of ancient Scottish gold and silver coins. 2\. The medals and other decorations of General Tweedsmuir, which he obtained in the Peninsnla War when he oomnuvnfled the regiment «f the fioyal Borderers, ^lao the jewel-hated sword, which was pre sented -by the Oounteas of Northumberland to the General on hiB elevation to the peer age. 3. Silver plate to the amount of about a thousand pounds. 4. Some rarecuriostand nncut gems. A more detailed list will be published in our next issue/' When I fwd finished reading this I laid down the paper and was about to speak, when one of the policemen said, 'Look alive now, for jyou nave only time to dress and have a mouth ful of breakfast, when you must go before the Bench.' ' Surely,' I exclajmsd, in dignantly, 'You don't tpke me for one of the burglars.' *? Oh no, not at aU ; of course not, ' n- the ironical reply. ' I wandered, and came to the door asking for shelter, jand they let me in. I know nothing whatever of them.' 'Look sharp. There is no time for your story. You winh»ve ? chanqe .tf telling it presently.' leaw^hat by saying more I would only expose .myself to ad ditional insult, so I held my peew. At the time, thongh not now, it seemed singular to me that I was not believed at ence. On entering the Court, and looking towards the Bench, the first person 1 saw was my friend Mr. Hepburn. He was, of course, greatly astonished to see me.' I learned afterwards that people had been searching the moors for me all the previous day. The place was crowded by people' who had come to see one of tile partici pators in the famous burglary. The conscions .ness of innocence made me very bold, and I told my story clearly, when I was at onee discharged. Mr. Hepburn corroborated the fact that I had dined with him. I went into an anteroom to speak to Mr. Hepburn, as there was no other case to be heard that day. The bead constable, a detective in plain clothes, and several others came crowding around tip learn all I oould ten regarding the appearance .of the thieves. 'Bring me a aheet of white paper and a pencil,' was the reply. Then when I had obtained what I songht, while the spectators «tood by my side and looked over my shoulder, with rapid touches I 'began to draw ihe faces of the men ££ad seen. I fra* doing the very work to which I had devoted my life, but never before 'had my pencil moved so rapidly or bo deftly, and as the faces seemed to rise from the paper I felt as one inspired. Ex- ; clamations of surprise which I heard on all sides moved me to further effort. One man, him whom I had first seen, I drew several times, bring out the expressions of canning, if ear, and cruelty I had noted in his features, and which were engraved upon my mind. , When »t last I looked up I saw only Mr. Hepburn and the chief constable. 'Has any one recognised them f' i asked eagerly. 'You have proved so good *n »rtiet,' was the constable's reply ' that if they Ate not already apprehended they cannot possibly escape long.' It w»e the greatest praise my art had ever received. I do not think lit has gained any greater since. It turned out that aU the men were well known, though no clues whatever had been obtained till I lent my aid. The man who was evidently ringleader had at one time been in business as a watchmaker, but had lost his money in gambling, and had thus sunk into evil conrses ; the youngest had formerly been a gamekeeper in Lord Tweed muir's employ ment ; and the oldest had at one time been a professional burglar, and it was supposed it was through his aid that the others had effected an entrance into: tbe house. When their trial came off aU. were sentenced to penal servitude for life. The man servant, notwithstanding the fact that he had been left for dead, ultimately recovered. The groans we be rd bad doubt less proceeded from him. Regarding the apparition, the explanation is not bo certain. Some imagined that the faithful old servant, being aware that it was rumorel that the house was haunted, had personified the ghost in order to scare away the burglars, and that, the effect had proved toomucb for her and had cost her her life. Others, more superstitions, asserted that, thongh ehe bore no marks pi violence, she had actually been Km llured by the miscreants, and that it was her ghost in truth that had appeared. Mr. Hepburn was &8 anxious as myself to clear np tbe mystery,' and in my company had an interview after the trial with the man who had been game keeper, and who knew Ihe housekeeper preH, This man assured us that the spectre t$#£ had stalked along the room was nearly a head taller than the old servant. What my own opinion is respecting this matter 1 wonljl rather not state, lest I should be pronounced to be silly and superstitious. But the reader, who has now all the facts bofora him, is qualified to form an opinion for himself. 