VICTORIA T'iEATiRE. A TERY large audience witnessed thoperformn ,nie of" ItRage and Bones"c at the Victoria Thcatro last evening, and Mr. Ilampior, Miss Katherine Russell and thle ,nembers of the company were received withl great applause. T'his e"ening Shakespeare's immortal tragedy of "Hamlet" will be. produced for one night only, andl should prove the culminating climax of the most phlnoraenally successful season ever known in Noewcastl,. Mr. Dam pier will appear in his famous clhanracteriza tion of thie 1'rince of Denmark, an int'rpreta tiomn which has won for liim the deepest ad miration from the highest cri ical faculty of the old and now worlds. rlis Shakespoerian presentation of our greatest Australian actor is a scholarly effort of supreme genius, which must be regarded by the culture of our com munity as an intellectual drmnatic feast; and, . tis it may probably -nIever be thmir fortunate late to lind an opplortunity of witnesasing it again, they should on no account deprive themselves. Miss Katlheoriie Russell will ap pear as Ophelia, a rf:o in which she has won thie symnpathly and approbation of the in telligent public. Miss Ada Rochifort will ap pear as the PLlayer Queen, and Miss Julia. BMerton as Gertrude. Mr. Hariy Leston will present his scholarly and Shakesperian interpretation of the First Gr.,vy.digger, Mr. LHarry ttonoham will appear cls laudius, Str. Alfrod BEoth man as Laertds, Mr. J. .1). Marsh as Polonius, Mr. Watkyn Wynne as Horatio, Mr. W. F. Baker as Rosonrcnitz, Mr. Joe Stark Guildbn stern, and Mr..Edmund Holloway as 'the Ghost. T'hd .f scenery has bcon painted by that remarkable artist, Alta, specially for this production, and owe hall expect to see the Victoria Tieatre crowded with the best and worthiest of our communmnity; for such a splendid creation as Mr. Datopier's Hamlet is the brightest gem in the collection of colonial dramatic art which itis our privilege to own end which it should be our highest pleasure to support. On Wednesday ovening will be produced Mr. Dampier's version of Mr.a. Henry Wood's phenomenallysuccessfulnovel, "E ast Lynne," when the adapter will appear as Sir Francis Levison, and Miss Lily Dampier will present lher famous impersonation of Lady Isabel and Madme Vine. Messrs. Pettitt and Conquest's great play, " The Green Lanes'of England," will be presented on Thursday evening, when Mr. Dampier will appear as Gentleman George, Miss Lily Dampier as Margaret Wheatstone, M-Mr. Edmund Hol loway as Farmer Wheatstone~, Mr. Alfred Boothmon as Clement Flint, Mr. Joe Stark as Bill the Slogger, and Mr. Harry Loston as the "only" Jones. A special complimentary benefit will be tendered to IMr. Dampier on Fridayevening, when Shakespeare's tragedy "Othello " will be played with a remarkablo cast. Mr. Clarence Hannell, sd well known as a Shakesperian student of recondite re search and great originality, will appear on tifs occasion only as the Mioor of Venico. Mr. Dampicr will,be the Ingo, Mr. Bobthman thie Cassio, and Mr. Harry Leston Roderigo.> Miss Lily Dampier will appcar in the last of her Shalkesperian characters this season, Desdomone; and Miss :Katherino Russell will give her cleover impersonation of Emilia. On Saturday evening will be played, for the first time in Newcastle, MItess and Alfrcd IDam pier and Herbert Percy's popular Irish drama, "Shamus O'Brien ;" and with tihe representation of this successful play tihe lDampier season in Newcastlo wvill terminate. 