queries and answers. kuiiceto coniieapoitoENTS. It U isqentlw that ill qwrtoM must nidi u on «r before Mowday lo wore an umr the mr buV JlKMinlriPK alter that day nod boor in be held over mrtO the following jreelc. TO JUT. ScuscsiBCT, Orboat, aske who rode the chrwt- «ut hi«c, Tlie Ghost, trained bp the late F. Lthv«t Cfttifiritf, the time be w»n the jiutoHriniceJet, at CatilfiHd— Answer : U. Batty. "" i tPB.F., Se KHd.-t, neks what ie the greatest number of winning mounts the late F. Xrchcr, tbelSagHdi foetay, ever rode in one Tear, mid what year. Answer— 246, 1885. Xhia nlminswnra 4 Winning Mount." Sumatra wriiee; A and B make a wager, the conditions teing three— A bniks E. Fower's mounts epnitwc T. Halm's (bofli men to meet tcgetiier) in each mo far the Y.U.C. ratr- inir and vu'y winning mounts to be recog nised. Would you rettfe who has won it, A or li. Answer— B iriut Novice, Newport, atira: Is Cranbrook 4 or S years tdd according to racing ages. An- svorr— Ctanbotok as « fonr year old. A O.. Kmrrald. Qaeeosbnd, writes : A bets that SiHHidulix jumjiPd Cft Ojin , B bets that if «o Canary Jumped higher than him. Wlio wins? Alio state what horse jumped the liigcwt in th« -cdooies. Answer : %A wins. Rpnudulix's jatsp of Gft Ojin is the highest J.H., Fmtscray, nskst— l>id a bone called Lord Lvon over perform iu Melbourne? Answer— Not that w<\- nrc aware of. J.H. asks when and where Yankee Grab 'first riui in Victoria? Answer— In the Findon &arri;<»n' Gold Vase, run at Caul- field, on Hub October, 1B84. G.T.. fiilectton, asks — 3\. Wn there a mare called Farmer's Daughter running about the time Warrior won tiie Melbourne Cup 1 An- Z What was the pedigree of the raid mure? Answer— She was bv The Hermit. 3\. Did she win at Ballarat about time? Answer— Yes." Countrj-inanf Bnllarat— We think so. Eiquiifr, Wilby, a«ks:— Cau a jockey bo disqualified forridingofc a race roertmij not reemcred by the V.liG. Answer— No. WAV. would like to kn.ivn tvnen The Nun was disqualified, and dsn wlieu Ensign and 1'earl Wiril were scratched for the Gftulfieid Cap? Auswur— The Nun was disqualified on Utlth September. Ktisirn was scratched for thu Caulfield Cup at 12.25 p.m. on lGth October, and Pearl Shell at 1L 30 a.ni. on 1st Octolicr, Wmrer, Allendnje, asks : — What is the highest iuiiip on recurd for a horse done in Mel bourne, and by what horse, uptill let Novem ber, 1SS8 ? Auswer— fift. 0|in, by Sl>OQC!ulis. Old Sul»cr>bir wishes to lcnow:— L Which of the two horses, Ncl.-ton or Com motion, carried tile most weight to victory on the Fleiiiiugton course? Answer— Commotion, 2\. Which of the mune two horses has carried the innai weight to victory on any other course ? Answer — Nelson. F.K. writes:— T. says that one o! the hon. «T. White's horbes was killed in a Caulfleld Cup, 1". says no. Who is right? Anmrer— F. Age writes:—! nmdu a liet that Wliakawni would be beaten by five borst in the M>1- tonrne Cm> of 18S8. Do 1 win or lose ? Answer— You loen, W.ll.. Carlton, asks when Straight Shot was acratclmil for the Sandhurst Cup ? Answer— At 12.40 p.m. on UicSStli November. T.C., East M«ib »uine, rbIcs:— Who rode Inci dent in the Hurdle llnce nt Fletnington on Ctm Duv !»st? Anewr— Coirigan. THE IUNG. Constant Ueadi-r writes George beta Savers M-nn the fight between him and li.eena&. Paul bets iieenan won. Who ius. An«wei— Neithf; it u as a draw. DICK. Will ymi kindly answer this question in your talunble paper to decide a wager:— Eight men fclmkc. Is each. Throe tlnow 17, throe buy iu at 2s fid each, which makes 16s fid in the null. They filiiike off. Two throw 18. What does it cost each of tho other four to to buy in ? Answer— It all depends what agreement is made at the stare. Some lilavci-s double the amount of buymg-in money each lime; others make it cost. Ray. a half, u tlurd, or n fourth of the amount of the whole pool to bnv in. CAUDS, A. liL, Auburn, asks:— In playing a game of sixrard cribboge uiy opjionent holds nine and three threes, and three is the turn up card, huw tnany do thay caunti Answer— In playing a game nf euchre, A JVC D, A deals, and bets lie will go alono. D bets he wont. When the cards ore dealt D orders A up, whicl) prevents him from going alone, who wins tlie bet? Answer— D. Boolara writos : — At a game of cribbage A ploys S, B plays Jack, A plays 7, B can't go, A pUjs G and claims a run of 3, and B dis- put. Who is right? Answer— 13. J.C., Ipswich, writes:— A ntid 13 are playing iwkrr. A holds a clnh flush, ten tlic highest card. B holds a diamond flush, queeu tlic highest caid. No rule having been made as regards the best flush, who wins?— A or 15? Answer— B. SWEEPS. 7.0,, Holiart, wis-he t«» know wlio drew Men tor in the L50.<H»0 awi«cp. Answer -Srry wo are not iu possi'suon nf Ibis information, OltlCKKT. r.S., Fitzroy, wvjtes ICindly let me know if the Secretary and Treasurer of A cricket club . fliuuld be ou the rnatoh committee.— Answer. Yea. Tbesocretsry and treasurer are ex officio members of all committee. C.1C.S. write:— Would you kindly answer the folluwmg. We ployed a one days match. We had our two inninaa and the other ride had one and had 0 wickets down in their S'coud innings whtu timewas called. Does the bat tuig and bowling averages count of our side in tim second innings when the match was decided ou the first innings,— Answer. Y««. N„ Mnlrem, IVrites :—Tn a cricket match, A. who is batting G. in attempting a rim is given out by the umpire, B. C. the wicket keeper knocking the bails off with hand, A tnantaips that he is not out, while 15\. upholds his d"cUi»mnn tho plea that if the wickntkeeper has the ball in his possess ion he may remove 'ho bails with his hand and not with the ball, and that the batsman would be out. As the above caused a dis pute, also some wagers were trade on it, we would deem it a great favor if you would decide the question through your paper.— AtihW or. Yes. The batsman is out if the wicket k»T|»cr Imocka the bails off with liis hand, provided he hold the ball at tho time w-itli that hand. G.B., North Melbourne, asks Will you ldndly tell me the total numberof runs made hy tint North Melbourne against East Mel bourne, in the match played near the close t.f the s:asott, - 188G-7, in the first innings.— Answer. The North Mvloourne club was then known as the Hothain. In the first Inuings ttiey made 1G, and in the second 39 fui 7 wickets. ATHLETICS. ANlw Beginner wants to know tlie best wayta train to run a «ui)e. Answer— Buy Michod's (inide to Training.- What is the quickest time un record for a mile, and where wan it run ? Answrr— 4a»in 12? sec, W, G. Gwrge, 23rd AlUmct, 1886. . &tloDi;|iwtor, Daylesford, writes We have a committee of handicappcrs foronreporca to lie brid ou i-be 12th December, Can any of titc said haudicappew enter 'nnd tun in any. of the handicappod cvmts during the day? Answer— We know of no rule to prevent their doing o ; but il wunld be extremely wvtciinble that they should do bo, the uu- vrritLen law befog -that officers shall not compete at theirown sports, Vernaliaw asks iu to publish in our next issue a report of the MorwoH (Gipp«Uad) Foot ball Club Snorts, held last 9th November. Answer — We should only iuve been too glad toliave done so had the secretary token the trouble to forward us a return. Wa will re peat that we will contider it a favor If country clubs will forward us authorised re- iwrtR. CBPanmitre. asks In a fiDrson entitled to lun fur a maiden plate after having won | races ta-o years previondy ? Answer4— No, 'j Diver Darling writes : — Can a starter of a foot- j race coll hie men back after the pistol bos gone off. If he thinks it is only a Knap csp, I and is backed up, in bia opinioo, by the i \- master of the track, against that of the turq ! jude&, 160 j'ards away. The club runs \- under Sir Josqi lianks rules ; and is it fair to the starters cn call a committee meeting and declare it a start, m the face of die ; starter and master of the track? -The men liad to run against a heavy wind, 160 yards, to tho said judge ? Answer— Though there i« n» role to tho effect, the starters would lie jus ified In calling the men back under tint circumstances. It certainly seems curious from the Cacti sent ua, for tho committee tu interfere with the decision of the e tarter and nuu-tcr of tiicuack. Skater asks:— If A, an amateur, and B, a profesajODal, were toliave a skatina contest backwards, tor amusefnem or a tro pby, and A kiiiur, would he be classed as a pro- feirioual? Aut-wer — Yes. CYCLING. Enquire o»ks whether a larger individual prize has ever been offered and competed for in (he colonies at a bicycle meeting than the prize recently won by Davis for the Austral Wheel Race ? Answer— No; never larger, although there have been three or four L200 priziu givrti away now by the Melbourne Club. We - venture to assert that it is the largest trophy ever given in auy i&rt; ol the world tor amateur cycling. C0UH5ING Constant Header, Sydney, snots to know the i pedigree of the follouiug grcj-lioundB, viz. : — xtegistrar-Gcncral, llaanagher, Kew i Maid and KedGnuntlct. Ansar— Kecristrar- General, by Jindiinure.— Livijy Besh; llaunagher. by Bashful Joe— Black B«« ; lu.-w Maid, by Nutlad — Rimp ; Red Gauntlet, by Ci>ester— Reprieve. BOXING. Cliicken, riawkshurn, fieks:— ' Where was F. P. Slavin," the champion pogibet of Australia, born? Answer— In Maitlaud, N S.W. A Sutsscriber. Dacclius Marsh, a?ln»:— Did Slavin ever l>cat Costello boxing ; when and where? Answer— Yes ; at Albury last year. AQUATICS. Subscriber aka:— Irid Beach and Hanlan r>w aiminst each other in England ? Answer- No. G.W., Hawthorn, wants to know the resi«c- tive ages of Hanlan and lieach. Answer — Beach was born on 6th September, 1800, and Hanlanon the 12th July. 1850. MISCELLANEOUS. W.C., South Melbourne, writes :— Being anxious to gc-t into a training atablo with a view to riding as a jockey (being a light- , weight and a good rider), I would bo much obliged if yon could inform mc the best mode , of applyiiig for tlic atuc? Answer -Owing to the drought, and the consequent "hard i timn«" with trainers, you will find a diffi culty in petting employment just now, but you might apply iieraoually at any of the i btables. 