w D O B GA/S : O R, THE TBI A t S O F CHRISTIANITY SIXTEEN HUNDRED YEARS AGO. A 6TOBY OF PRIMITIVE CHRISTIANITY. BY NATHAN BEN NATHAN, AN .ESSENJiAN. (AUTHOR OF " ARICS THE LIBYAN.") CHAPTER XVIII.—IN WHICH EUSEBIUS SHOH'ETH THE SWADDLING BANDS TO C0N6TANTINE. Continued. To those who made careful inquiry, what ' seemed to be the main fact, the luminous appearance above the midday sun, was proved,, by incontestable and over-whelming testimony ; and = Eusebius and those who acted with him used this strange story with wonderful success in bringing still others over to their own views ; and many urged that a council be summoned to cpnsider the whole matter agBin. But this Eusebius vehemently opposed, saying that it was not necessary^ end Constantine did not require their action to be taken in council, being satisfied with their signatures and the revelation vouchsafed to him constituting him the Defender of the Faith. , But tflien these things came to the knowledge .of Epaphras and those who agreed with him in (sentiment, they vigorously endeavoured to secure ihe calling of a'Council, but their action had been forestalled , by Eusebius ; and when they found that they could not obtain their desires in tins regard, they issurcd a pastoral letter to all of "the ebutohes, warning them against the course pursued by Eusebius. And this letter began with tj,e declaration tfiat " Eusebius had forestalled Mftie summoning ofa council,bfecause he well knew fojit whenever thfe wmtnpn church might meet to The letter also said : ^ m " The day that ye conclude this sacrilegious bargain, ye srill verily suffer loss of power, and have nothing left of Christ's gospel except its spiritual troth, and Christianity will speedily become a mcreecclesiasticism as macli as Judaism or paganism—a secularized church using the religous sentiment of mankind to maintain political despotisms, ready to give the pretended sanction of our Lord to war, slavery, Mammonworship and every other crime, fraud and injustice, that the empire may establish by some felon formula of law." And the letter said, "And there will grow up an ecclesiasticism in which the so-called minsters of Christ shall preach the gospel for money, and there shall be among them envy, jealousy, hatred, strife, ambition and selfishness, such as even the heathen permit not in their temples ; " and the letter also said : The church so constituted shall be master of ceremonies for countless forms, doctrines and secular authority, condemned by Jesus, and shall loose the power of godliness and the beauty of truth, even as the Eusebians themselves admit that thaumaturgy shall fade away; " and the letter concluded as follows : " Brethren, this is to sell our Lord ; it is to destroy His holy common church ; it is to establish mere Phariseeism upon the rains of forsaken and forgotten Christianity; it is to set up the Anti- Christ." And this letter having been read by many, some of them who had signed went to Eusebius erase their signatures from the parchment; to whom he answered : The parchment hath already been sent and is far upon the way to the emperor." CHAPTER XIX. IN WHICH THERE IS A DEATH AND ALSO K MAR- RIAGE. While this business was transacting secretly, and before Eusebius had produced the signatures to the parchment which he sent to Constantiae, after the Centurion Marcellus had been baptized by Epaphras in the chapel in the catacombs, and had partaken cf the communion in one of those pleasant Sabbath-day conferences which had long been customary between himself, Dorcas and Epaphras, the young.man spoke thus: "I am, indeed, very happy, Father Epaphras, in the faith of Christ; but I feel bound in my conscience to abandon the military service of the empire, and to publicly declare my faith in Jesus ; nor can I have perfect peace until this shall have been done." , " If thou do this thing publicly," said Epaphras, «the Romans will put thee to death, both because thou art a Christian, and abo because thou for^ sakest the military life without the consent of the emperor. Nevertheless, Marcellus, consider ^he matter well, and follow thou the teachings^ thine own conscience.^' „ And the centurion said : " I have considered it very fully. I know that the duties of an officer in the army of the empire and the duties of a Christian are irreconcilable. I have resolved upon this (course, and will pursue it. I cannot do otherwise." " A life bought by the sacrifice of one's conscience i§ purchased at to'dear a price," said Epaphras. "The JAiellatici and the Thurifioati, ho have purchased of the heathen priests or magistrates false certificates that they had sacrificed to the pagan gods, when it was not true that they had done so, in order to escape the consequences of having being discovered to he Christians, have no peace, although forgiven by the church." "1 am resolved, and I go hence," said Marcellus, " to carry out my purpose. If I perish, I perish. Fare thee well!" Thenthe presbyter embraced him and kissed him on his forehead, saying : " Farewell my son 1 The peace of God be and abide with thee !" And after a tender leave-taking of Dorcas, the centurion, who had learned the way to and from the chapel by repeated visits, departed upon his dangerous mission. * • The next evening, when the legion to which he belonged was Mastered for customary exercise, which had recently become frequent and onerous because of the impending war with Constantine, in the view of the legion and of a crowd that had assembled to watch their evolutions, the centurion deliberately left the head of his century and advanced to the legionary, who turned; fiercely upon him and cried out: "Why hast thou left thy post? What dost thou here ? " Then Marcellus took off his belt, and his arms, and t^e insignia of his office, and laid them down at the feet of the legionary, and he said in a loud voice: .•„ * " Know thou that I have become a Christian, whom conscience, permitteth not to bear arms, and I do hero r/isign my command, refuse to serve longer, and will follow no king but Jesus Christ henceforth." But the legionary,drawing his sword, cried out: : " I care not for thy conscience;, not for thy Christ, but for military or^er and obedience; .and if thou dost not instantly resume thine arms, and return straight to thy proper place, I will " For conscience sake I will not obey thee. Strike thou home!" And thereupon the legionary struck with his sword at Marcellus, and the young centurion sank down upon his knees, and finally Ml at full length upon the ground. And the legionary, supposing he was dead, set his foot upon the breast of Marcellus, and before sheathing his" two edged sword did wave it aloft, as he shouted aloud before all his eommand, saying: " So may all traitors and all Christians die ! " At the order of the legionary, the soldiers marched past the centurion's body as it lay prone upon the ground. Then four men were told off to bear it away from the Campus Martius and lay it where it would not obstruct the maneuvers, which were continued as though no such terrible thing had happened, while a messenger was dispatched to the Vice-Prefect Varus bearing the news of his son's treason and summary execution at the hands of the legionary. But certain men among those who stood around presently came forward, raised up his body, and, having brought a litter, no one preventing them, they placed. tSe body thereon, and they carried it to the chapel in the catacombs, wherein were many waiting the return of Epaphras and others who had gone to mingle with the crowd about the Campus Martius, and to observe the action of Marcellus, and what might become of it. And Dorcas also was with them there, and at the selfsame instant the legionary smote the young man she felt as if a sword had pierced her own heart also, but she ceased not to pray, and to say: " Surely the Lsrd will restore him to us J" And when those who brought in Marcellus had laid him upon a couch he revived, and Epaphras prayed mightily to God thnt He would spare the young man's life, and all the people answened, "Amen." And the presbyter took the hand of Marcellus in his own, saying in a load voice : " Brother, if be the will of God concerning thee, in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, arise and live ! " And after many days and much care from Dorcas and her friends, health and strength came back to him so that' the wound caused by the sword of the legionary was entirely healed, and the heart of Dorcus rejoiced with an exceeding great joy. And straightway they did commnne with each other briefly, and when they had thus agreed together they did call the presbyter Epaphras to come unto them, and thereupon the presbyter did call the rejoicing congregation to order, and when they were seated he said : ^ " Marcellus and Doacas desire to be united in matrimony according to God's holy ordinance. Come ye forward !" And the twain came forward, hand in hand, and Epaphras sftith : " Do ye each take each other for husband arid wife, of your own free will and choice, to dwell together in the holy'estate of Christian marriage, according to the commands of our Lord Jesus Christ, a9 in His Gospel is set forth?" And both of them answered, " We do." Then said Epaphrfw: In the name of the Father, and of the Son, «nd of the Holy Ghost, I declare ye twain to' be of one flesh. Whom, therefore, God hath joined together let no man put,asunder." And they both answered, "Amen !" and all the people said, "Amen I" And Marcellus put his arms around Dorcas' neck and did kiss her, and did say with great content, " Thou art my wife!" and she did look upon him with beaming countenance arid say, "Thou art my husband!" And the congregation were glad and did rejoice, land when they were all gone Dorcas took up her tamp and said : " Come, husband mirie, and I Will show to thee the home in Which I have dwelt so long." And hand in'hand the twain parted put of the chapel. . (To he concluded.) 