SPORTING NOTES. IBY TRTJMPATOK] There was a brilliant assemblage at Caulfield last Saturday. Both the big events dwindled down to rather small proportions: hut on the whole the racing wais good, and Mr. Bond must have been well satisfied with the results, as the attendance was equal to a Caulfield Gap Day Arriving from Adelaide in the express on the morning of the meeting I bad plenty of time to reach the Course before the first race. Caulfield is easily reached by train, bnt getting back to Melbourne by tbe same means is not such an *asy matter on a big day. The railway arrangements are not nearly so complete as at Flemington, and the drive is not a pleaeant one, although the diEtance would not be out of the way if the roads round Melbourne were better. The presence of several wellknown supporters of Hill's horses soon gave the tip that the Flower was much fancied for the Sailing Stakes. The sister to Richworth is only a handful, but want of size is no detriment where the distance is only 3 furlongs, and the report was that the Brothers mil had tried her very highly indeed. There were some fine youngsters in the field. Montalto, by Neckersgat from Romula, had no superior for looks, and Elland is a fine colt, bnt nothing in the race looked better than the Eulham-bred Prince Consort. Walter Hickenbotham has got this son of Richmond and Queen Consort in fine form. The Traveller was another that passed muBter satisfactorily, but there were several in the race that will not be ready to race for some months. With such a large field it was only natural that luck would nave a deal to do with the result. Fagg, who was on the Flower, tried his old game of beating the Starter, but after he had made one or two breakaways Mr. Watson told him—" moat politely," of course—that if he broke away again he wonld send him back to the paddock. This threat settled the Flower's chance, as when the flag did go down she got off badly, and being on the rails had not the ghost of a chance of getting clear of the field. Under these circumstances she must be seen under silk again before it is possible to say whether she is the filly Hill credits her with being. Prince Consort would appear to be a slow beginner. Had he been able to get off and race in the first furlong he must have won, as he was going two strides to Montalto's one at the finish, and another 20 yards would have secured him the verdict. The winner kept a good place all the way, and finished as straight as an arrow under the whip. Montalto who belongs to the lucky Mr. Dano, van, cost 3C0 gs. at Sir Thomas Elder's laEt sale, whereas Prince Consort only returned Mr. Blackler 39 guineas. At present I should eay the colt would beat the filly easily over half a mile, but there may be a different tale to tell in November, as Monlalto does not look as forward as the Prince. There was quite an Adelaide ring about Montalto's victory, as she was ridden by Denny Boase, and is trained by H. Munro, who has taken to training on his own account since Mr, Miedonald retired from tbe business. Only ten ran for the Hurdle Rice, and Recall had been performing so well at home that the Ballarat people put their money down in earnest. At one time the handsome son of the Drummer was at 2 to 1, and offers of 100 to 30 were being made against Leroy, but at the fall of the flag there was not much to choose between the pair. Recall jumped so badly that his chance was soon gone, and at one time the supporters of Lerov could not have been on very good terms with themselves, but at the turn he got the measure of Bonnie Chester and Incident: and, making a good jump over the last hurdle, won with a lump in hand. Ballarat, looking well, formed one of the field, but be finished last, and evidently retains all his old dislike to jumping. The Selling Rice gave the Whisperer party a most unpleasant knock. Whisperer, although only a commoner in appearance, was made a 5 to 2 on chance, his owner evidently thinking that Peter Burns might be trusted to display his usual roguishness. The first try resulted in a dead heat, and as it looked as though Moore threw the race away through taking things too easily, the pair were saddled np again, odds once more being laid on Whisperer. This time Peter Burns asserted his superiority in the most marked manner, and the plungers pulled very long faces. With Studley and Reny withdrawn on the course only nine wete left to fight for the £1,0C0 attached to the SteepUchase. Few prople knew that in Eaglet, the old sprinter who UFtd to win so many racc-H touud Wil cannia way, that the Messrs. Miller had pis- Fcssion of a "dtad bird" for ttaip race. Mr. Barnard bad accommodatingly thrown tbe gelling in at 9 st. 10 lb., and months of fcaooliDg bad made the horse perfect at the jumping business, Holman, who had ridden the borEe in all his practice, was taken off at the last moment in favour of Mattin Burke, and the horee backed heavily, a few of the Messrs. Miller's particular friends being told about the good thing at the last moment. Ruby kept her place at the head of the quotations, but Eaglet carried far more paddock money. Nearly all the other runners had friends. Some backed Promotion, sltbough Corrigan had no fancy for his mount, and only ran him because Dragon and Flashlight were on the shelf. Those who expected to see a beautiful race with nearly all the field standing up were doomed to disappointment, aB there were no less than five falls. Ruby opened the ball by taking off an immense distance from the third fence and tilting Scobie out of the saddle. Royal Oik came down at the smallest fence on the course, and as he rose he cannoned against Ellerslie, and knocked Keating out of the saddle. During this time Mernder, Curiosity, Beadtman II., and Eaglet were keeping close company in front, the last-named going well within himself, and fencing beautifully. Six furlongs from home Borke took him co tne front, and although Beadsman IL looked dangerous when he fell, the result was probably not affeoted, as the Tasmanian must have been spun out. Eaglet won easily, and I dare say that had Ruby and Ellerslie kept on their legs the result would have been the same, albeit I fancy the little mare would have given the winner some trouble. ...The victory was not popular, Mr. Miller's colours not being favoured with the public sympathy which they need to command a few years back: but of course every one was glad to see the ever green Martin Burke Bcoiing a win in such an important event. It was a great feather in the Messrs. Millers' cap to run first and second in such an important event; but they mnst have felt a pang of Tegret when the winner was so quietly received on returning to scale—so different from the reception received by the winners of the big races at Flemington three weeks afo, In a field of 20 as little as § to 1 was taken abont Strife for the Balaklava Stakes. One plunger who had cleared £2.300 on the first four races put no less than £1,500 on Mr. Thompson's colt, and thanks to such transactions as these tne backers of public form— i e., those who followed Teuton—were able to get very nice prices. I saw Strife saddled, and although looking bright and well he did not give the idea of being sufficiently seasoned to'fight out a severe finish. Teuton, on the other hand, has raced himself into fine form, and with Power up it did look good business to take 7 to L Before they had gone far Strife came out with a clear lead of his field. Turning into the Etraight he must have been quite three lengths away from the field, but at the distance Teuton, followed by Sumatra, came through, and when the brother to Dunlop challenged Strife went all to pieces and was beaten easily by a length. Strife's collapse was said to have been accounted for in a measure by a girth breaking; but as the race was run I fancy Teuton would have beaten him under any circumstances. Strife IB undoubtedly a brilliant colt, and in Messrs. Thompson and Leeks' hands his future is not likely to be prejudiced by injudicious hurrying. South Australian • bred horseB were in great form during the day. I suppose Eaglet was bred by Mr. Ross Reid at Tolarno. Both Montalto and Teuton were reared at Morphetville, while Peter Burns and Strife first saw the light at Mr. Jordan's, and Prince Gonsort hails from Folham Park. Deny Boase, who was a pet boy of John Hill's some few years aco, scored two wins during the day, and there is not a racing man in Adelaide who wonld not rejoice to see that Martin Burke had won the big steeplechase. There will be 'plenty of racing in Adelaide betweennowandthe end of September. Mr. D. Dnnlevie holds a Pony Meeting at Morphettville on Saturday, and given fine weather there should be a nice afternoon's sport. The acceptances are not known at the time of writing, but I do not suppose there will be many withdrawals. If Mr. Lewis comes over he should be able to win the Thirteen Hands Race with either Chloe or Paris. Banker is running well just now, and he or Helene should account for tbe Hurdle Race. There are sixteen ia the Flat Race. Mercury is the pick of the handicap at 9 Bt, but Wyman's old horse has only j uet been put into work, and may not be ready by Saturday. If Echo starts he will be bard to beat, but I like General Sarahfield better at the weights, and would look no further for the winner if I was sure of a run. Lower down St. Stephen will be better suited by the distance than Napoleon, but where starters are so hard to pick it is better to go for certain runners, and so I Bhall couple the moderate Exchange with Norma to provide the winner. Jenny looks the pick cf the halfdozen engaged in the Galloway Race, and Ruby should take a deal of beating in the 14 bands Pony Race. Considering the times Mr. Dunlevie has every reason to be satisfied with the entries received for the Licensed "Victuallers' meeting on the 8th of next month. The nineteen nominated for the Hurdle Race include Glengary, Dutch Oven, JProtector, Hogmanay, Mercury, and Crayfish. Thirteen is a splendid entry for a Selling Race in Adelaide, and the committee could not expect to Becure more than eight youngsters for the Sapling Stakes. For the Trophies twenty-three have been nominated, and among them is Dick Swiveller, who swept the board last autumn. South-Eastern owners are well represented by Protector, Victor, Crayfish, and Bronzewing, while JEneas hails from Broken Hill, and Adelaide has fair representatives in Mercury, General Sarahfield, and Lord John, the only Melbourne representative being Hogmanay, who seems to retain a little of his old form. Steeplechases have been failures lately, but Mr. Dunlevie has secured Bixteen entries, and there are some new names in the list. With SwordfiBh out oi the way, Mr. Hughes will not need to take a very wide range in apportioning the weights, and as the fences are to be well bruBhed most of the competitors should be able to get the course in safety. The weights will appear next Tuesday. Mr. Ferry intends holding a Park Meeting on the Old Course on September 15. There are six events on the card, and although the stakes are small the meeting should cut out pretty well if the visiting horses are nominated. The entries and weights for the Maitland Meeting appear this week. Our correspondent states that a good deal of interesc is being taken in the fixture, and visitors are expected from all parts of the Peninsnla. I am sorry to hear that Ruby slipped twins at Fulham last week. This is a piece of very bad luck for Mr. Blackler, as a yearling out of the dam of Sardius and Isonoiny always commands a good price. At the Melbourne sales three young sires were bought for Sir Thomas Elder's horse station at Mount Burrell. They came over in charge of Fitzroy, and have been sent Noith. The third reading of the Totalizator Bill was carried in the Assembly by a majority of seven, and it will now be paBBed on to the Legislative Council. At Moonee Valley on Tuesday Messrs. Joseph Thompson and O'Connor had a dispute over something, and the argument ended in blows being exchanged. Volley has hardened to 4 to 1 for the V.RC. Derby, there evidently being a strong feeling that she is the best of Mr. White's lot. Malua is still being heavily backed for the Melbourne Cup. It is nearly four years since be won the Cup under 9 st. 9 lb., and I can hardly bring myself to believe that he rstains his form. Very good acceptances have been received fcr the Pony Meeting to take place to-day, the only withdrawals heing Echo, Protector, Viator, and Steelbit from the Handicap, and the Mumper from the Hurdle Race. The Flower returned from Melbourne on Thursday evening, and she will probably attempt to recover her reputation in the Sapling Stakes at the Liceneed Victuallers' Meeting. Mr. Pell has taken Eyrie to Sydney, where he is engaged at <i st. 4 lb. in thejHawkeabury Handicap. I am sorry to hear that Andy Fergusson has taken a turn for the Iworse, and the doctors are now afraid he will not recover. Oberon, an English horse, by Galopia from Wheel of Fortune, has been sold to go to India. Oberon was bred bv Lord Falmouth, and I think he cost Mr. Manton something like £4,000 as a two-year-old. He was a failure as a youngster, but afterwards won the Lincolnshire Handicap and other good races. Jerry Sneak is being trained by J. Goode for the Licensed Victuallers' Meeting, and if he can negotiate the Morphettville fences the old grey should have a chance in the Steeplechase if he does not carry overweight again. Scrip started favourite for one of the Pony Races at Moonee Valley on Tuesday. Backers r-vidently thought that coming all the way from Adelaide he must be smart; but he is a very moderate pony, and I am not surprised to bear that he ran laEt. Scrip's owner did not lose any money on him. Mr. Ferry has secured the stables at Rose Park, which Frank McNamara occupied in the totalizator dayB. D. Boase has left the Hon. J. White's employ, and is likely to get moBt of the Adelaide riding in Melbourne this season. I have to acknowledge the receipt of "ComingEvcntB," by " Hawkeye," which is far and away tbe most complete racing record «hicb has jet been issued in tbe colonies. In America a yearling was recently sold at auction for £7.600. This is tbe highest price ever obtained for a yearliog. The Sir Modreds brought good prices at this sale. All bookmakers who wish to lay the odds at the Licensed Victuallers' Meeting, mast send their names to the committee for approval before the 6th of next month. The Rosehill Club intend to give £1,000 to a six furlong handicap this season. Savanaka has been sold privately, and I suppose the little grey will retire to the country. " Augur" states that as Magazine's feet are still very bad, Mr. Gannon hai determined to give him a sj^ell, "Augur" has the following interesting paragraph about the Grand National winner.-—" Eaglet, who won the V.A.T.C. Grand National Steeplechase so easily, is bv Wild Eagle from a mare by South Australian (sire of King Tom). Nothing much is known about his dam, but it is supposed that she was a daughter of Modesty, the dam of Impudence, a horse well known in South Australia, where he won the Adelaide Cup in 1876\. Eaglet was not broken in until he was 4 years old, when he passed into the handa of Mr. D. H. Power, who paid £14 or £L5 for him. Subsequently he was sold to a shearer, and carried him and his swag to Wilcannia, where Mr. Thomas Byrne saw him, and, taking a fancy to him, he bought the horse for £30 on behalf of himself and his relative, P. Boleer. The latter had once owned Merlin and otherB of the same breed, with whom he had won races, and therefore had learned to respect anything by Wild Eagle, and appropriately christened their purchase Eaglet. His career was extraordinary, for he won no less than thirty-two races for Bolger ere he sold him to Mr. S. Miller, and upon one occasion he gave Eyrie, who won at Caulfield last month, 33 lb. and a beating. He made his first appearance in public on the last day of July, 1885. On the following dav he was five years old. He did many long" walking journeys in the country, and upon one , occasion Eaglet, walked from Silverton to Hay, about 500 miles, and on the very day that he arrived at Hay he ran in a hurdle race, but without success. After winning many times Bolger brought Eaglet and Hard Times to Melbourne, but on the way he ' stopped at Echuca, and the horse ran unplaced in the Echuca Handicap. Arriving in the metropolis, Eaglet was offered for sale by Messrs. Yuille & Co., but he was not fancied, and passed in at a moderate figure. On the day that Blue Mountain won the V. A.T.C. Grand National Steeplechase Eaglet ran unplaced to Ellerslie in the Hurdle Race, and he was also beaten at Elsternwick Park; but on the following Saturday he easily won a hurdle race at Moonee Valley, and on that day Mr. S. Miller purchased him. Since then he has started three times, and altogether out of fifty-nine starts he has been successful thirty-three times—a very good record indeed. Some time ago Mr. Miller had tbe horse submitted to auction, and he was bought in at 52J guineas, Mr. Miller wisely refusing to part with so good an animal. TRADES AND LABOUR COUNCIL. The periodical meeting was held at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel on Friday evening. Mr. Connibear, President, occupied the chair. The SECRETARY announced that Messrs. T. Ward, H. E. Davis, and J. Wight had been elected to represent the Amalgamated Society of Engineers. The President formally welcomed new members. The Secretary to the Melbourne Trades Hall Council wrote to the cffect that a provision in the Local Government Act recently passed by the British Parliament enabled local bodies to assist penonB to emigrate.^ The Council feared that it might be an insidious attempt to introduce a class of paupers to the colonies, and asked the Adelaide Council to ask the Government to instruct their Agent-General to protest against such emigration. After some discussion it was decided, on the motion of Mr. HOGEBS, to write to the Government urging them to protest against any pauper labour being introduced into South Australia. The members who spoke generally favoured the introduction of an agricultural population. Tbey, however, objected strongly to pauper labour. Une or two members would have no more labour unless capital came with it. A circular was received from the Early-ClctiDg Association in which the members of the various labour Societies were a&ked; to ehop in daylight. The Association felt the need of assistance from the Trades Societies. A rote of sympathy was unanimously carried, and it was also decided to ask the Early-CIcsing Association to send representatives to the Council. A letter was received from the Manager for Messrs. Cameron & Co. stating that they had assented to the just demand made by tbe journeymen twisters. Mr. ROBINSON made a further explanation. He said the Tobacco Twisters' Union had agreed with Messrs. Cameron & Co. They now only had to arrange the question of apprentices with Messrs. Dixson &Co.; JamesBrinsden,Secretary to the Employers' Union, wrote with regard to a statement made in a letter by the Secretary to the Council "that the majority of tbe members of the Employers' Union are connected with the shipping Interest." It was, he stated, absolutely incorrect, and as a matter of fact out of a total membership of ninety only tea were d'rectly or indirectly connected with shipping. The words referred to purported to have been in a resolution passed at a special meeting of the Council. A discussion ensued, daring which it was Btated that the shipping interest was not mentioned in the motion referred to. Mr. BOGEBS (late President) said the Secretary had made a mistake in his letter. Messrs. Gray Brothers wrote asking the Council to support them with regard to railway axles. If was, they pointed out, purely a labour question, as all the money received for axles was spent in labour, material, and coal. They enclosed the report of an interview which a Register reporter had with Gray Brothers. Mr. ROBINSON read a sub-leader which appeared in Friday' s Evening . Journal. He said it fairly explained the case. Mr. WABD thought that before taking the matter into consideration they Bhould ascertain whether Gray Brothers' establishment was worked nnder the principles of the Council. He bad heard that it was not—in fact, one man had left on that account. They should make the masters conform to the ruleB of true unionism. Another member of the Council said working men had already done a good deal to help people who had afterwards turned round on them. Gray Brothers had never leaned towards Trades Unions. They bad manifested a tendency to favour piecework, which was not fair to the men. Still they should not forget that Gray Brothers might not be the only firm who who would make the axles. Gray Brothers had certainly been badly treated except in the one respect, that they should not have contracted to do work of a certain standard unless they could do it. A standard should be laid down, Bnd if a man contracted to do work a Government official would be quite right in rqectine work that was not up to the standard. Otherwise contractors would slum their work. During the discussion which ensued it was stated ttat Gray Brothers were the greatest employers of boys at the Port; that they bad given high wages to good men to start tbe works, and then had reduced the wages and employed boys who were not roperly apprenticed and non-Unionists. 'here was considerable difference of opinion as to whether the firm should be supported if they did not work on Union rules. It was decided to refer the correspondence to the Society interested to report on it. 