CHAPTER IX. DBIVEN BEXOND HIMSELF. Behold the two snugly eaconeed in a va cant corner of the great saloon. Here and there are other couples of groups; but long stretches of bright crimson sofa intervene, for most of the ladies have taken to their - state-rooms. Many of them will not be visible during the voyage. The lamps swing j back and forth suggestively. There is a sub dued murmer of conversation; the sound of slapping cards on the long tables; tha rattle of dice; the long, monotonous slough of the sea-wind outside; the steady dash of rain and salt spray against the windows; now and then a harsh or a musical laugh, as the luck is for or against the player. " How snug this is for a tete-a-tete," said Dunniston, pushing his curls back with both hands and leaning lazily with his elbows on the table. "And how black it is outside— ugh! Do you ever dread trouble on the water, MIsb Laura?" "No. Why should I ? .It is too fatiguing to bother one's head with dread and misgiv ings. Besides I come of a race of soldiers. We Poles'arejnot a timid people,though for the the time conquered. There is only one thing to be deplored—in my own case I ought to have been a man." " Oh, no, Miss Laura, don't say that 1" he responded quickly,looking at her with a bright smile. You had better be a woman and con quer men. " Well, I wait for your lorahip to go on," she said, laughing. He started at sound'of the title. " Have you heard it?" he queried, lifting his head. " Have I heard it ? What I" " This!" He took the paper from his pocket, and pointed to the paragraph. " Bead it," be said, quietly. She did read it, and very quietly. Her color deepened, then vanished. She looked up ratber coldly, and said: " 1 congratulate you, Lord Danniston." " Thanks; but pray don't be so very civil, or I shall think I have lost by my title." " I. cannot help it," she said, quietly " At this moment I feel leagues from you. You are my lord," she added, with a stately bow. " Oh, come, now, that's nonsense. To be sate I'm a lord, but it's au empty title after ,fi. Y ju ,-auiS have Hb-i ihs whole Katie-.* An impecunious lard is worse off than anim- i poverished private gentleman.'1 "I am so sorry you missed the rich bride," Bhe said, smiling a little,though her blue gray eyes really had tears in them. " What do yon mean ?" he asked, looking up. "But for that unfortunate letter Ieolene would have come; and any one can tell what the sequel would have been. Ah, Isolene can queen it right royally. And then she is so beautiful. . " There are others quite as beautiful," he said, coolly, " But the money—the money 1 Ah, how we all love it t I don't disguise the fact from myself. You have learned to know how out spoken I am. My poor little fortune of five hundred a year seems at time so contemp tible. Not but that I have learned to live within it." " Five hundred a year I" he said to him self. " I never thought she had half that." Her eyes, so cool, and deep, and bright, her varying color, made her seem very attrac tive. " I shall have to to live in a corner of my castle and eat mush for breakfast, cooked by my solitary domestic, who must also be my valet. The rest of the house must be shut up to dust and cobwebs." "Is it very nice?" asked Miss Lanra, her blue gray eyes from their depths ]of feeling growing more and more dangerous. " That depends upon what * uiee' means. The house itself is rather a grand one ; it is of gray stone. Ton drive through an old gate-way, one of the finest things, into a court. The house is extensively terraced sits high, and presents an imposing front. Ton may imagine any number of fine mulli oned windows, long and narrow—also all sorts of ancient statuary that surmounts the zoof and arches. There are too, plenty of chimneys of the' picturesque order, doors, arches, buttresses and oriel and other win dows. I can teii yon it's a lair sight lighted up on a dark night—but I shall never he able to light it—it would cost all I am worth to furnish candles! . Think of that I" and he laughed harshly. " It mast be grand indeed—even without the candles," said Miss Laura,drawing a long breath. " And now the inside, please." " Oh, that's all very fair. I don't think I've seen anything like it in America, thongh Americans furnish well. But there's a sort of antique splendor about cur great drawing rooms—though now they, will remind me a little of hotel parlors. But we're prond of our pictures. Lord Dannieton gave almost fabulous prices for pictures; it was his weak ness. By the way, if they pgo with the house, I might live off them for a few years," " What do you mean ?" she asked curi ously. "I can sell one picture at a time, and live on the proceeds till they are all gone." " You willlive jnetlikeall the men,extrava gantly ; whether yon have much or little; that's what you'will do." " Well, how am I to help it 1 Do you think f would bring a wife into such diffi culty ?" " Not unless she could economize for you." " True; and if she couldn't, why I could. starve her out, you know, in time.' " Horrible 1" "We might live very oozily together in some convenient spot, and play Cupid among the roses, you know; hut what of our wretched tastes? How could we exist with out' society ?" ',0b, delightfully 1" cried Miss Lanra. " Isn't all society hollow and empty-hearted ?. Haven't you found that out? Now to live in Arcadian peace and simplicity—to try to atone for all oar sin3 and follies by leaving the miserable exacting world—it wouldn't be so bad," she added, smiling. "To atone! No, by heaven I I never thought of that i" he muttered, with an al tered oonntenance. " Miss Laura, could I do it, do you think? I've been an intensely wicked man." " I wonder who else would dare to say that ?" she queried, good-humoredly. " But I have—and there are some things— there are some things," he repeated, absently, as if she were not listening," that cannot be atoned for." " Oh, no; don't utter bitter things against yourself. Whatever you said, I should not believe you—whatever you had done.I should forgive you." {She had no thought of the wonderful ten dencies her voice expressed, just then. Smitten with a sudden remorse, as he was, and a sudden longing to set himself right, it also occurred to him as suddenly,what injury he might have done to this girl, so gentle and beautiful in appearance, so apparently un conscious of what eyes and even lips con fessed. Driven beyond himself by some power without or within, thrilled by by the sweet magnetism of eyes and lipB, be laid one hand on hers, so soft and white, but as suddenly withdrew it with a look of horror. Would he never lo'ae sight of that little white hand, outstretched beyond the bed curtains, so shadowy, so like the white flakes of early winter snow 1 In a moment, however, he re covered himself. " Miss Laura," he said, impulsively, under the influence of the magic of her eyes. I am a penniless man, and a lonely one. I have been picturing only what is too likely to come to pass, a solitary life in one corner of my ancestral home. Will you go with me and keep the ghosts off? Lady Laura," he murmured—" it has a pretty sound, fca3 it not ? And—but no; it would be a sin to mew up that sweet, fresh face among old galleries; and the only vehicle I shall be able to keep will be a velocipede. There's one there now, in the stables, if it hasn't got too shabby for use. Ah, now, you are laughing at me." " Indeed I'm not, Lord Dunniston it seemed as if she had been practicing on'the title; it fell so glibly from her lips ; "but the picture of the velocipede was too much 1 And now, in sober earneBt, willingly would I go with you but for the thought of—Iso lene." " Oh, hang Isolene 1" he said, almost with anger, as he rose, and steadied himself by the table. " But if she had come?" " Very well, if she had come I'll hot deny but things might have turned out differ ently ; but as she has chosen not to trust me "—his face darkened—" and as I am forced to believe you would have trusted me " She caught at the hand nearest to her; a look of intense love came into her face. "Oh, indeed, indeed I would!" she ex claimed, her gray-blue eyes luminous. "Good heavens, Mr. Dunniston, are they looking this way 1" They were looking that way, every variety of expression depicted upon the half-dozen faces coolly scrutinizing them. Miss Laura's face grew scarlet, and she withdrew her hand quickly. He turned round defiantly. " You have only to tell them that you have accepted Lord Dunniston," he said, quietly, seeing that withdrawal now had become im possible ; "will that do ? ' "Lord Dunniston, are you sure?" she murmured, falteringly. " Am I sure of whit?" " That you are in earneBt ? That yon will not repent?" " That I am in earnest, yes; that I will not repent—unless you yourself force me to,' A Hngei-!i>£.i->oU of !ove, and Dunn».« ton leii compensated. " To atone," he muttered, as she reluct antly left him—"to atone; God knows whether there is a chance for me, but £ will try." Then he shivered, and, moodily enough, for-a man just engaged, left the saloon. 