UBCH 25.- -RBVIEW OF THE LESSONS. QUARTER'S '- iQolden Text.—Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God.—Matt. 16 ; 16. JANUARY 1. HEBOD AND JOHN THE BAPTIST. AN EVIL CONSCIENCE. Troduces terror and alarm. See it in Jezebel, who -tried to kill Elijah ; Esau, who sold his birthright for a aness of pottage ; Judas, who sold his Master for thirty -faeces of silver. Shakespeare represents Richard III. as seeing a vision in his sleep juBt before his laBt battle, •;in. ^rhich appear the ghosts of those whom, he had anmdered. One by one they come, rehearse the crimes lie had committed upon them, and cry, " Despair and iffiel Let me sit heavy on thy soul to-morrow." Is awakened by reproof; good example, warning, Xible, &c.; Attempts to destroy the disturber of its peace. All such efforts vain. Conscience the candle of the Tjord ; may be shadowed, covered, but the time will «»me when it will shine out and show us our sin. A ^drunkard does not hear ticking of clock or notice where iumds point, but even he is startled when it strikes. Habitual sin deadens ear to call of conscience, darkens «ye to its indications of duty, but when conscience Btrikes. the soul trembles. So with Herod. Obey •conscience. JANUARY 8. THE MULTITUDE FED. CHBIST THE BREAD OP LIFE. •Comfort for common cares. He cares for bodily • -wants. Always busy feeding the twelve hundred millions. Cast the least cares on Him. He employs the disciples, and shows how He helps 3aan through man. He satisfies the hunger of the soul for love, forgiveness, immortality, usefulness, progress, knowledge, " Thou, O Christ art all I want." JANUARY 15. \- J^I'P WALKING ON THE SEA. • C5or„ort foi e. septional distress. Contrary winds the ' u of duty ; hate, temptation, opposition, 5*Q»erty, persecution. Christ's disciples never out of ,, "sight. He always brings good cheer when He comes, jfar He is the " I am," able and willing to help. Man's extremity, God's opportunity. Jesus walks with us on the sea of human passion, temptation, circumstantial affliction, black sea of death. By the memory of past mercies we gain faith in present needs. JANUARF 22. JESUS AND THE AFFLICTED. The greatness of the faith of the suppliant was shown 1»y the obstacles overcome by it: she was a heathen, one had no claim on Christ as a Jew ; difficulty of the disease ; the repulse by the disciples, the seeming repulse of Jesus, current religious prejudices. No two ^Dgels could do us the service rendered by lore and ^aefcror, TeWcrtSRWS? IS pr?.jsr renders desire intense, •quickens thought, enlarges faith. I. All prayer some time and some how answered. God's ailence and delay not a denial of your request. The answer, when it comes, makes up for all,delay. JANUARF 29. PETEB CONFESSING- CHRIST. Christ's character, works, and kingdom on earth prove that He is the Messiah. Peter's confession is the audveisal finding of all hearts that act up to their con- •Fictions and obey the Saviour; ascribes to Jesus the great personality which was to fulfil all hopes and Sring in the golden age ; highest manhood, truest Godjhead. To confess a person is to speak openly of him according to his true nature. The only saving faith is following faith. Discipleship involves a discarding of the old leader, readiness to sacrifice all, following. Sacrifice the only way to wealth. Losing for Christ's sake is gaining, The gain is greater than the loss. tfEBfctfARY 5. THE TBANSFIGUBATION. Revealed in prayer and in answer to prayer. Con* firmed by the Law, the Prophets, and the voice of God. *' Hear Him "—the Mosaic law abrogated this precept, <tihe lessons of prophets superseded by His living inspiration. Jesus only—complete prophecy telling what man may and yet will be. Christ crucified, the centre «E the world's history, oE TeligiouB truth, of salvation, Heavenly experiences given occasionally to Christians as a foretaste of their future glory and a glimpse of the spiritual realities ever about them. Only those who Imve Berved Christ faithfully in valleys of daily duty can climb with Him the Mount of Transfiguration. ^Christians are nearest together in doctrine when nearest to Christ in Heavenly experience. Raptures are mot intended to remain with us ; they are only sent to xeffcesh us. FEBRUARY 12. 3ESC3 AND THE LITTLE ONES. God is not against the salvation of any child, The ITtamer of their bodies must be their everlasting JMeud. Their Creator is Lpve. Notwithstanding the *rill of God, children may grow to wicked manhood, sipen for evil, and be lost at last through human neglect. Great reverence is due to a child. The worst -dispuses are often about the smallest things. The desire to be greater than others is the cause of many quarrels and much evil. Man's way to be great is to seek to be greater than others—self- seeking. Ood's way to be great is to serve others—to do all we ^can for them— love. True greatness is usefulness, and ilie only way to usefulness is willingness to do the : - Xuunblest duties. FEBRUARY 19. A LESSON ON FORGIVENESS. Beware of talking about offences. Do not go away •and gossip about the matter : " Of course 1 forgive 3nm , but, you see, he did so and so," Words cut deep, Mid by such words you are seeking and gettipg revenge Hbr making other people think badly of the offender. Words fly fast and far, and yours will very likely get frgftlc to the offender, and make him doubly bitter, follow the more excellent way recommended by Jesus, "gSiink more of the injurer than of the injury. Passion Mqders prayer.Prayer softens bitterness, prepares the i-,? Jb'eart for the exercise of charity; whereas passion . 'Stiflesorayer, Bedfaced anger can never say "Gentle '{ Wwns, the dispiplesV prayer, Luke 17 ; 6 „ 1R want faith that this : spiritof'forgiveness is really, ttot M can get it by picayer, '.S" 5 FANRIRTTNFLUI • SNNNNLI ' FBBBPABY26, THE RICH YOUK6 KIILEE. His admirable qualities; fine candour, conrage, purity of life, earnestness, the spirituality which 'fixes its regards on immortality. The importance of one thing,; the one thing may be all important, gnomoii to sundial, mainspring to watch, marinere' compass to ship. The daggers of wealth. The selfishness yrhich shrinks from sacrifice. A poor ending. The great refusal." JBe earnest in your search for eternal life-like Hunyan's pilgrim. Be personal. Give .up every thingfor Christ. Possible to be moral and yet not Christ's disciple ; let not the crystal enclosed in. the case lying on the drawing room table boast—bad it been exposed in kitchen, it might, long ere this, have been broken into many pieces; the morality of some has never been tried May be concerned about religion, have an amiable spirit, and yet not saved. - ' MARCH 4. CHBISTS LAST JOUBNEY TO JEBUSALEM. Every life hath its Gethsemane, but every Gethsemane has its angel. Look onward to the crown. Service and suffering the way to the throne. The way of suffering the way of blessing. Jesus made known the future to His disciples privately,.that they might have opportunity to retire from His service and return home. They heard, wondered, grieved, yet followed. So decide for Jesus, service, suffering, heaven, MARCH 11. CHBIST ENTEBING JERUSALEM. Christ is King for ever now. Study His character, He is just in His own example as the sacrifice for our sins ; He hath salvation ; He is meek and lowly ; He holds a glorious power of reconstruction for the heart and the world. Let us kiss Him ; His lips as a token of our love; His side as a token of adoration ; His fiet as a token of submission, lest He be angry See, MARCH 18. THE SOX REJECTED. Though Jesus has passed into the heavens, He is neither weak hor unobservant. Despise not His goodness. Note the growth of rebellion against Jesus. When childhood passes into youth, youth into maturity, without any desire to give Jesus the fruits of the Spirit, rebellion has not only begun, but is being confirmed. Mark two signs of this rebellion ; contempt and con spiracy—contempt of God's messengers ; conspiracy when companions arc found, and they are made friends of, who ignore religion, profane the Sabbath, and take a reckless enjoyment in setting at defiance the most solemn calls of conscience and the Bible. Beware of the issue. Christ will surely reckon with those servants who have made themselves His foes. He is the Christ, the Son of God—the Father hath committed all judgment unto the Son, 