THE STORY-TELLER. THE BLOOD-STAINED GLOTE. " Now you will come into my own little workshop, and then you will have got over all the sight-seeing," said Captain Feather etonhaugli, bending tenlerly towards the lady at his side. " Preliminaries are very fatiguing, I know, to our sort," he went on humorously. " Introductions to sisters, aunts, and cousius, and all the ' sugar and ' salt' that accompanies an engagemaut ; beginning with a kiss from Aunt Miriam, and ending with a present from the housekeeper. Still, we are getting on very well, you must allow- You have been here here justlet me see" (and Captain Featherstonhaugh took out his watch and looked at the time), " just two hours. In that compass you have been stared up and down by the mater, pater, and future sisters-in-law, and come through it all like a statue. Even Aunt Miriam's kiss didn't melt you." " I'm very odd, I know," laughed Miss Boscowitch. " I want a new sensation. I iead people off like story books, and it's always the same story. The only difference is in the binding." " I very well like the binding of this book," ssid Captain Featherstonhaugh, still more tenderly. " Pretty speeches," said Miss Boscowitch, looking rather absently out. of the window, " never mean very much." " How cold you are !" said Captain Featherstonhsugh. " One would think that you had bad some absorbing attachment before —only I know that to be impossible." " Why impossible ? " said Miss Boscowitch, throwing herself into a rocking chair and lazily setting it iu motion. " Because you would have told it," said he humbly. " I should have liked you all the better for it. Miss Boscowitch made no reply, but turned a large emerald ring which graced the third . finger of her left hand rather uncomfortably round and round. The man who stood before her was the most desirable of men, and np to the moment of entering that workshop -as he chose to call the long, low, luxuriously- furnished room which was appropriated to him at Steppe Castle—she had believed that the. dreams of other days had glided out ot memory's reach. What vibration from the wing of destiny had touched her now ? What mystic chord had tbe last few minutes spent in this room set in motion? " Did you ever care for anybody before ?" said Captain Featherstonhaugh, still humbly. » " Did you ? " said Miss Boscowitch, with a sudden flash of gaiety. " You are evading the question," said Cap tain Featherstonhaugh. " My dear Hugh," said Miss Boscowitch, laying a very pretty head upon the young man's shoulder, " when I was at school I hated Magnall's Questions. 1 never could answer one of them. Please don't be as tiresome as old MagnalL Show me your treaures." Captain Featherstonhaugh was head over ears in love with this subtle, sophistical, graceful, girl, who was indebted to her half- Russian; parentage ior her easy method of turning his questions just the road she desired, and throwing such a brilliant light on breathing, palpitating present that the poor shrouded ghosts of the past must needs have no presence there. What shall I show you first ? " he said, drawing her hand within his arm, " I've made collections of all sorts of bric-a-brac." " Show me your boomerangs, and dirks, and assegais," she said, laughing. "Little savage," returned he, that soft light, which is love's peculiarity, illuminating each strongly marked feature. "Come ! I will show you something romantic enough, something which is more human than an assegai, something I have often puzzled over, and in my own clumsy fashion twisted many a little story out of." Captain Featherstonhaugh moved away to a curious oak cabinet, which completely filled a deep recess at tbe end of the room, and after fumbling in his pocket for a kev, unlocked a drawer, the contents of which he commenced to turn over, whistling an old negro melody as a sort of accompaniment to his search. Miss Boscowitch did not follow him. She remained at the mantlepiece, idly touching first "one little curio, then another, not wholly happy nor wholly sad ; the normal condition of the many. " Ah ! here it is !" came from the other end of the room, in Captain Featherstonhaugh's musical baritone. He was standing facing Miss Boscowitch now, and shaking something gaily at her. I was determined not to lose it," he continued. " Who knows ? Some day I uiay find the owner." As he spoke he came striding towards the mantelpiece, where Miss Boscowitch still stood with her air of indolent grace. In his hand he held an orJinary runaway match-box, wliich. with a h ill-amused smile, Miss Boscowitch held out her hand to receive. Captain Featherstouhaugh hesitated a moment, theu gave it her.' Well ! what's in it ?" she said. " Match- I suppose! Hugh, I believe you are playing a joke off on me. And then she drew the box from the lid, and saw within a little crumpled, stiffened, blood- stained white kid glove. As , the -, kid , came , , into , contact , , with JT _. the | P* 1 ™ of her h^she turaed ^deadly white A question seemed to form itself od lip and eye, but no word came. *' How did it come there 1" said Captain Featherstonhaugh, taking the glove from her passive hand. " Why don't you ask, Bertie ?" " Tell me," she said simply. " Of course, you know how narrowly I escaped the massacre of Isandlana," said Captain Featherstonhaugh. " The first battillionof the 2nd Regiment was, as you know, cut to pieces." " Yes," said Miss Boscowitch, mechanically. " I was sent with a party of officers to identify, if possible the slain," he went on. " On the bare, bleak field lay the bodies of a score of men I had known and loved. To identify them, for the most part, was all but impossible. I saw a photograph of Lady X- lying dear a wrecked tent; I picked up a ring " Captain r Featherstonhaugh ^ paused; he put bis right foot meditatively on the fencler, and gazed at the logs of pine which were blazing merrily and contrasting comfortably with the chilL autumnal light which touched the outside landscape with its own peculiar beauty. Miss Boscowitch had never stirred from the position into' which she had sunk. " I found the glove," he continued, meditatively, " lying at the side of an officer bathed in his blood. The name of the officer was—" Miss Boscowitch had risen wilh a despairing cry. " Was ?" she gasped. . „ " What does it matter to you, Bertie,' said Captain Featherstonhaugh. " Why do you look like that ? What possesses you ? But she caught bis arm, and her eyes sought his so wildly, whilst her lips repeated that one word " Was" so entreatingly that Captain Featherstonhaugh forgot his surprise and dawning wrath in fear for her. Trelawny," he said, hastily. Trelawny!" As if reiteration were needed ! " 1 knew it! I felt it 5" " Oh, my love ! This was my glove !" she exclaimed, in deep emotion, and then she fell back into the rocking-chair and sobbed as if her heart would break. Looking at the bowed figure of the girl before him, Captain Featherstonhaugh felt that ^ _ strange mixture of sentiments which I spring fought from hard a for sudden the mastery shock. within Love and him. anger mastery within him. ' :e > - J 1 He hacftold her a little before if she had loved before it would only make her even dearer to him. Was it so ? A surging, tempestuous passion of words came sweeping upwards to his lips. Why had she not told him the mystery of this glove ? He moved away from her, and gazed out with a mighty effort, born of a strong control. On the rough, wild, solitary moorlands, which were stretching away for miles, a conple of large birds were taking lazy flight in that direction. He seemed to hear the beat of their wings. He was taking in each detail ef the well-known scene of his home life with that sharpness of sense which is born of a new experience, whether of pleasure or pain. Between himself and this girl he so loved lay this small, white, bloodstained glove. . Destiny had kept it locked a\vay in its odd receptacle, to bring it forth at the moment of his newly found joy, to rob him of its sweetness by the torture of this sad, yet, in some sort, gracious memory. It was Miss Boscowitch who broke the stillness that seemed to fill the room after the first, wild paroxysm of her grief had passed. " The glove is mine," she said brokenly, " I gave it to Captain Trelawny, to whom I was engaged, on the eve of his departure for that terrible campaign. He was to keep it always, caxry it into the field of battle, and on his happy return it was to be an everlasting witness and badge of our love. - I had not forgotten, but I let the present overlay the past, -and now, to-day, as if it were meant, I am met on the very threshhold of your home by this strange, taunting question —how did it come there ? I ask it painfully, Hugh. Why did it come there?" Still not looking at Miss Boscowitch, Captain Featherstonhaugh moved and picked up the poor little glove, which lay at her feet. Anger and love had fought hard within him, and love had won the day. " Did you really love him ?" he asked very sadly. " Not as I love you ; oh, not as I love you," she cried, rising and clinging to him. " I thought I loved him, Hugh, but when I met you, then I knew that I had never really loved Arthur Trelawny." He bowed his tall form before her, perhaps in homage, perhaps to hide the emotion which overpowered him. " Bertie, will you let me keep the glove ?" he whispered ; " it shall be sacred ; shall bind us mere closely together. Whether you loved him or not, this must be a sorrow to you. Make this sorrow as much yours as mine, love ; as much mine as yours." Miss Boscowitch did not reply then, but after a little while, iu tbis new, strange, subtle note of sympathy, she ceased to wonder—why it had come there. 