The Squatting Party and the Rabbit Question. One would have thought that if anj subject should have been lifted far away out of the region of party politics it is the rabbit question. The disingenue ness of the attempt to represent it as one in which the squatters are specially interested is transparent on the face of it. If anything^ the squatters have less to tear trom an invasion ot rabbits tnan the selectors and small freeholders gene rally. The rabbit pest in the other colonies has probably done as much to injure and retard agricultural settle ment, and to interfere with the exten sion of small freehold proprietorship, as it may have had to do with in juring the large pastoral tenant. In deed, the increase of rabbits has if any thing had the effect of extending the area of .the pastoral tenant's leasehold. Large tracts on which the selector had already made a homestead have through the rabbit pest become well nigh depopu lated, and hardly of any use even to the pastoral lessee by whom they were still nominally retained. This is no squat ter's question therefore, and to describe it as such is to speak wide of the mark, though it could scarcely be supposed that such reckless, misrepresentation can be without design. The design is only too apparent, and so long as the cry against the present Government can produce an effect, by resuscitating the old ram shackale bogie of the squatting party, the object will be attained. The squatting party as a factor in pre sent day and practical politics is dead and buried, and the ghost of its politically murdered body would not be recognised by the great majority of electors, it is so long ? since they were confronted by the reality against which they had to fight. The conjuror, who by a clever trick imposes upon the senses of the spectators, is admired for his professional skill, andreceives applause accordingly, but the scoundrel who is possessed of the trick and uses it to impose on the credulity of others, and to carry out his own ulterior and mischevious designs is commonly regarded with contempt and loathing. It is more akin to the friplr nf -fVio imnncfoi' flinn +.lifl nvf of the conjuror, this endeavouring to trade upon an old worn-out party cry. No one who understands the tendency of things in our political world,' and who has carefully studied the causes which have brought about existing political organisations, could charge the present Government with being a Squatting Government, and in any way specially committed to the squatting interest. The influences which put Sir T. M'llwraith at the head of the poll in Brisbane cime from genuine democratic circles, and from interests which are not associated with .any particular class of capitalists, whether squatters or others ; and these influences were not confined to the North Brisbane election. That squatters have, by a curious chapter of accidents, become at length associated in a political struggle with those who represent the true democracy of the country only illustrates how little the squatting interest is now dreaded, and how absurd is the attempt to make it appear that their day of opportunity has again arrived. So far nothing has happened to give the slightest colour to the supposition that the reign of squat terclom is again about to endanger the welfare of the country. The late con ference on the rabbit question was com posed of those representing not only the pastoral, but the agricultural interests of the colony generally. The proposal to hold such a conference was enter tained long before it was expected that the present Government would have come into power, and it was entered upon not as a party but a national question. And how little the influence of the squatting industry had to do in deciding the results of that conference is proved by the fact that the only attempt that was made in the interest of the squatter was at once defeated. The proposal to extend the lease in certain proclaimed districts from twenty-one years to a further tenure of tea years was not insisted upon in the face of the opposition against it. If that is to be taken as evidence of a design on the part of the squatters to make hay while the sun shines, and as proof that how the M'llwraith nartv is in rjower thev are goiug to push their claims to the utmost extent possible, the grounds for such reasoning are of the flimsiest and most fanciful character conceivable. Had the Griffith Government remained in power, the Eabbit Conference would have debated and decided in exactly the same manner as they have done. The change of Government did not probably influence them. in the slightest degree. It is a complete mis-statement of the whole case to put it that the rabbit scare answered- very well as an election cry. In hardly any instances worthy of mention did the subject come for ward during the late general election. The rabbit scare had assumed a much acuter stage during the Griffith regime, and the steps taken to guard this colony against the pest were on a much larger soalo than anything likely to bo attempted under the present adminis tration. Whatever- may bo the out come of the present conference it-is not likely that another £100,000 will be. spent in defending the colony against a threatened invasion of rabbits. Should however -another like amount be re quired it ,may bo money well spent, for it is .better to spend a few thousands now than -to . suffer the loss of millions in a few years to come. An American humorist once said, ' don't prophecy unless ' you know,' and those who . prophecy that there are parts of Queens land not likely to be visited by tho ? ~ ? ' WM: rabbits for another 50 years mav find |ml 10 or 15 years sufficient if their do- |»i nothing policy is attended to. Parts of fflf New Sonth Wales where the danger of y*n, rabbits was thought as remote as those |gj parts of Queensland , where it is said they IB will not come for 50 years, aro now over- \jn run with rabbits. But why was not iff this do-nothing policy advocated when m the Griffith Government were in power ? §1 It is the old story about one man H stealing a horse and getting off scot 8 free, and another man only looking H over the fence and getting into gaol. B The present Government has not yet Ji even indicated a policy, but they must ' ,M be roundly abused in anticipation of \ what they may do. I The fact is, in this rabbit ques tion like in many others, the M'llwraith Government will have to rectify the blunders and make up for the defects of . their predecessors. Though the Griffith Government ex pended £100,000 in constructing a rabbit- proof fence they left a gap of 17 miles unfenced and unguarded. To say that the taxpayers of Queensland have done enough in the face of this is pure nonsense. They have either done too much or too little. Either the feuce already constructed was not re quired, and the £100,000 might as well have been thrown into the sea, or they must consent to a further taxation to secure the benefit of what has been done. It may be a question upon whom the taxation shall fall. If it is possible to get at the banks, and other monetary institutions, by whom the properties meant to be protected are held, then by all means compel them to pay. But. who represent the banks .and other monetary institutions ? Storekeepers, farmers, mechanics, may ? be among the shareholders in such in- --'- stitutions, and thousands of others are interested because their credit with the banks is dependent on the value of ther securities. When it is known how com pletely the squatter is often in the hands of the banks, it may then be judged, what is the worth of the cry against the 'wealthy pastoral ist,' and all the clap trap about the the country being in danger because of tho squatting party. Tho incidence of taxation cannot be regulated in any off hand fashion more than a great question like the rabbit question can be dealt with on party lines. Dust must not be thrown into tne eyes of the community in this fashion. The device may have answered in the past, but even the Toowoomba ' Liberals ' must by this time perceive that the ' no-squatter ' cry is about as completely played out in politics as the ' no-popery cry in theology. The danger has been ont lived, and the endeavour to raise the old cry against the squatting party falls as flatly as the vociferous shouting of 'sool-im' — 'sool-im' on the ears of a deaf mastiff. 