BROADBEIM'S NEW IOEK LETTER. The curtain fell this week upon the Iive9 of two men who on Monday last stood indicted for two of the gravest offences known to the criminal law. Lives far apart it is true, hav ing no seeming connection, jet both ending in the same plea, nolle prosequed by the pro vidence of God. Jacob Sharp is dead, and when the lightning's flash announced the fact through the city, there was a sigh of relief in certain legal quarters, and an exclamation of " Thank God, the worst is over 5" To me there is something inexpressibly pathetic about this old man's death; and in this faithless age of quarrels and separations and divorces, his dear old faithful wife stands fortli like a revelation. There was little left about Jacob Sharp to charm man or woman ; persecution had soured him, disappointment, ingratitude, and disgrace had filled his heart with bitter ness a,nd grief; disease had done its fearful work and had sapped the fountains of his life; old age with its weakness and infirmity had stifled even love and hope; old friends had vanished; men whom be had helued to place in power deserted him in the hour of his direst need. In the midst of the glo^m of this dark, hopeless night one face shone out iike an angel of light-a face which hovered over his couch in his long and weary sickness, which beamed with joy at the hope of returning health, which shared uncom plainingly the ignominy of his prison bars, and rejoiced with him on his freedom from cap tivity, and when death came, like an angel of I mercy she was still by his side, and she pressed her pallid lips to his as with the last faint exclamation of " Mabel" upon his lips he yielded up the ghost. It is said that in this world of ours there is an inevitable law of compensation, from which there is no escape ; for every good thing we have there is a penalty to pay, and a compensation forevery evil and ill we suffer. Jacob Sliarp found his compensation in his wife. The Scribes and Pharisees fled from him affrighted. An offence which had been sanctioned by pre cedent ih the State aud national councils for a hundred years was magnified in importance to a crime without a name. The pulpit thundered forth its anathema, and a mighty press howled forth its malediction ; all the goody-goodies who by lucky chance bad escaped the penalties of their crimes raised their hands in holy horror as if no such sin had been heard of since the creation of man. He became the target for all sorts of ruffians and persecutors who hoped in his ruin to profit by his downfall. The colossal fortune ' which he had piled up with so much care was rapidly vanishing ; health was gone, prison bars hemmed hiin around, death was not far off, and iu his last agony it seemed as if his I dving scene would be passed in a convict's cell. Everything else was gone, but there still, thank God, was the Mabel of his early love, the Mabel whose hand he clasped before the altar in his young manhood's prime, and who swore to cherish him in sickness and in health, and in the fulfilment of her oath abandoned her beautiful house, horses, car riages, servants, wealth, all, and there stood till death claimed him, faithful among the faithless to the last. ° On the seventh day of November last, when the result of our municipal election was announced, I ventured the prediction that Jacob Sharp would never 6ee the inside of States prison. That prediction is now ful filled ; " nor steel, nor poison, malice domestic, foreign levy, nothing can toueli him further." I would not make light of to grave an offence as bribery, a crime which saps tlie founda tion of all governments. But Jacob Sharp was the creature of time and circumstance. He found the government of the city of New York in the hands of a set of thugs and thieves who were placed in that exalted posi tion of trust by the legal voters of the city. A great public improvement was needed and these ineu blocked the way, hungry for plun der. ^ Jacob Sharp gave them their price and got his franchise. Then the whole desperate crew who had been defeated in sharing the plunder suddenly became frightfully virtuous, and all of them in thunder tones demanded the blood of Jacob Sharp. Such a bitter and pitiless storm of vituperation, denunciation and abuse as followed him for two years past, has seldom fallen to the lot of man ; and the only wonder was, at his advanced age and and with his broken health, that lie survived for a single hour. But all that is passed now, the end has come for him and with it rest and peace. New York rides gaily up and down Broadway giad to profit by the work of the master genuis, now so sorrowfully eclipsed. [ Tbe boodle road, loaded with so many male dictions, pays more meney into the city trea | sury than all the other railroads in the city put together. The uien who shared his crime and gold, with a few disgraceful exceptions, are either in exile or in pri son. He heeds them not, now his trial is finished, nolle prosequed by the providence of God. From the darkness and gloom and surrow of this sad picture, lite a bright beacon light through a night of cloud and storm, stands out his wife, a grand example of exalted womanhood, of pure devotion, of wifely honor, of heroic fortitude, of unselfish and undying love. Her reward was in knowing | that he to whom she had pledged her maiden faith long years ago, even when borne down to the earth by disaster and disgrace in the last mortal agony of parting life, turned back when half way through the gates of death to breath once more his darlitig Mabel's name. Wherever wifely honor is prized, wherever motherly love is cherished, where purity, devotion and faith are honored among men, there will the name of Mabel Sharp be enshrined as an example of American woman hood. Another life closed this week in darkness and tears-that of Senator Bob Hart, an old ] time ministrel-known later on as the Rev. R. H. Sutherland, a distinguished Baptist Evangelist, who died iu a small hotel on the 1 west side of the town by his own hand. When after a violent spree some years ago, which brought him to death's door, he pro fessed religion and began to study for the Ministry, it is but just to his old associates in the profession who had been connected with him most of hia life, and who knew his weaknesses thoroughly, to say, that tbey took no stock whatever in so-called conver- ! sion, and most of them felt that his return to burnt cork and tambourine and bones, was merely a question of time. Several times during his term of evangelization certain evi dences of weakness cropped out which filled his friends witli grave anxiety and alarm, and were precursors of the calamity which so sud denly overlook him last wesk. A little over a year ago, while carrying on a revival in the New England States, he was picked up drunk in the streets. His contrition for his offence and his public repentance were matters of newspaper notoriety at the time, but the church readily condoned his offence, and received him with open arms, and he started anew in his work of evangelization. A ! v weeks ago be began a revival in tbe Baptist Church at Rockville Center on Long Island. There among the converts that crowded the anxious seat was a young aud beautiful girl about fifteen years of age ; taking advantage of his position he assaulted aud ruined her, and then abandoned her for another vic tim. Detected in his infamy he was obliged to fly the town, or he would have been killed by the father of the girl. For several days he was in hiding with the constable at his heels, and on Wednesday last he surrei - dered himself-giving bail for his future appearance-next day he sought a low hotel on the west side of the town where he began drinking heavily, he then sat down at a table in the barroom, wrote to a friend announcing his intention to die, and declaring bis inno cence of the crime of which he was accused, look poison and ended his life. Mr. Sutherland was the legitimate product of a vicious system which has unfortunately obtained in the past few years, of seeking for popular pulpit evangelists in the mire. Only a short time ago Brooklyn was cqjivulsed the trial of an eminent divine who had served a term in States prison, and I know two men in charge of an important mission in this city, one of whom was implicated in one of the greatest crimes of the century. Mr. i Sutherland's declaration for his innocence goes for nothing, even though associated with his dying breath, for against it are letters in his own hand, and the confession of the girl whom lie ruined. He also asserted two hours be fore his death, when a friend found him drink ing whisky and cautioned him against it that it was the first time he had tasted liquor for seven years, though his public confession of his drunken debauch was heralded through the press all over the United States, and for the past twelve days he has been on a con tinual spree. The church has no need for such teachers ; the tambourine and bones are but an indifferent preparation for pulpit evan gelization, and if the death of this unfortunate minstrel shall help to stop or mitigate this crying evil he will not have lived or died in Tain. Crash goes the National American Opera once more, floundering iu the slough of des pond. In two weeks organized as a co-opera tive association it has sunk over four thousand dollars, and the members once more are starving. The papers all declared that the operas were magnificent, the singers beyond all praise, the scenery splendid, the ballot de licious and entrancing; but it would not do, the people did not come, the box office did not turn up, and the result was nix, or to he classic I might have said nihil. Meanwhile Fanny Davenport's " Tosca," that all the critics, myself included, jumped on like a pack of hungry wolves, goes from coaquering to conquer-houses crowded, boxes sold two weeks ahead, and now everybody wants to see it because the critics said it was wicked. It is the story of Adam and Eve over again, they like to taste the forbidden fruit. Grand is the sight of the stores in their Easter holiday dress-eclipsing the glory of Solomon and Sheba's Queen. Silks, satins, gold, silver, flowers, pictures, and beautiful everywhere. The song of the spring birds, the chime of wedding bells. Winter is past. Hail, gloriouB spring. 