Mlil€ MB BMM&. Theatre Royal. The appearance of a new Hamlet is invariably a matter of public interest. The play appeals to so many varieties of human nature, and it is in conse quence so widely studied in all lands, that opinions necessarily differ greatly as to the inter pretation which the many great actors who have essayed the part put upon the name character. Brooke, Sullivan, Kean, Anderson, Walter Montgomery, Sheridan, JJampier, and the latest, W. J. Holloway, include the names of the chief actors who during the past 30 years have played Hamlet in Australia. Fechter was, and Irving and Barrett are, familiar to many now in Australia, and the differences between them are as great as between the impersonations of those who have visited us. The fact that Mr. Warner, whose success in the terribly realistic and sensational part of Coupeau was so great, would play Hamlet excited great interest, and his performance was received with enthusiasm by an audience which included his Excellency the Governor, the Lady Carrington and suite, and a large portion of that public whose tastes and culture lead them to delight in the works of our great author. It is not possible, even if it were expedient, to com pare in detail the Hamlet of Mr. Charles Warner with the version presented by others ; but with truth it can be said that throughout there were evidences of deep and intelligent study, fine scholar ship, a thorough grasp of the character, and power of delineating the picture he had mentally formed. His I naturalness impressed all, and his fine presence and admirable dressing of the part greatly added to the effect of the playing. In certain portions Mr. Warner makes decided changes. As he follows the Ghost to the ramparts he twice tirns and warns Horatio not to follow him, by holding his sword to keep him back. When the Ghost speaks he falls on his knees to hear, and remains kneeling until the tale of murder is complete, when he rises, saying, in a stage whisper, ' O, my prophetic soul, my uncle ! ' The scene with Ophelia, in which Hamlet bids her ' go to a nunnery,' was effective ; and Ham let, while toying with a fan hanging from her girdle, held it so that in the mirror the King as listener was reflected in it, thus making the change in his manner to the lady quite apparent to the audience, and show ing, as Mr. Warner did throughout, that the madness was feigned, and that he deemed Ophelia had leagued with her father and others against him.. In the players' scene a very happy change was made. The Court assemble ina glade; trees shut in the greensward, and on the very spot where the Ghost said the murder had been committed a temporary stage was erected; this was excellently conceived, and the one change leads to a second equally acceptable. When, after the dis persion of the Court, Polonius returns to Hamlet with a message from the Queen, it is customary for the Prince to step with him to the front, and, pointing to the chandelier, to ask what resemblance the cloud bears to a weasel, &c.; The difference between this and leading Polonius to the spot in the garden where the stage has been erected, and pointing to the clouds overhead, is evident. Another fine bit is in the closet scene. Hamlet has had an opportunity of killing the King when at his prayers, but has resisted it. Murder was foreign to his nature ; but when he feels he has been deceived by his mother, that a witness frag been called to his private inter view, he stabs blindly through the arras, and asks, ' Is't the King Mr. Warner's Hamlet is clear, earnest, and natural. Many young people will understand the play better for his version. The actor husbanded his resources well ; the audience took kindly to his opening speech and applauded warmly to the end. The support was not adequate. Save in the Ghost) by Mr. H. Vincent, there was not one part really satis factory. Mr. Flemming was very stiS as Horatio ; Mr. E. Palmer, who often plays exceedingly well, does not understand Polonius, and spoke the famous advice to Laertes in a sing-song manner that irritated one ; and Miss Isabel Morris was not a satisfactory Ophelia. The last night of Mr. Warner's engagement pre sented him in two extremes of character — Mr. Honeyton in the bright comedietta, ' A Happy Pair,' and Bertuccio in ' The Fool's Revenge.' A brilliant audience assembled, and for the first hour were kept in continuous laughter at the sparkling dialogue and repartee which are evoked by Mr. and Mrs. Honey ton in a morning after the honeymoon. Miss Isabel Morris was in this thoroughly at home, and fully shared with Mr. Warner in ihe hearty applause bestowed. In the dramatised version of Victor Hugo's ' Le Roi s' Amuse,' which has also been used for the libretto of ' Rigoletto,' a ghastly story of licentiousness and a scheme for re venge are pourtrayed. Mr. Warner, as Bertucccio,won enthusiastic plaudits. His make-up as the jester — whose deformed body is less crooked than hp mind ; whose life is devoted to the accomplishment of his vengeance on the betrayer of his wife, who is ready to do any evil to bring about hie end — was weird and effective ; and the contrast between the suit of motley in which he delivered his gibes and jokes at the court, and the habit in which he presented him self to his daughter was as great as in the two phases of character shown. As a piece of acting, the part is marvellous, and shows in a high degree the versatility of the actor, but it can never give pleasure to anyone. A special interest was created by the acting of Miss Grade Warner, who, as Fiordelisa, made her only appearance on the stage. Singularly graceful in figure and charmingly dressed, the relation of the maiden to Mr. Warner emphasised the interest in the part, and the acting was full of promise and charm. The reception was of the heartiest, and the floral offerings accompanying the recalls showed with how kindly a feeling- the young lady was regarded. Mr. Warner, in response to con tinuous recalls, made a short speech, full of gratitude for the kindness shown to him, and containing the welcome news that his second visit to Sydney would be at no distant date. 