OOKTIXCfiD FROM SATURDAY'S ISSUE. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED LADY BRANKSMERE. —❖ By the Author or" " Piivlt.ls," " Molly Baw.v," " Geoi'mfa','-1 " Doris," etc. CHAPTER X\\. "" Ifc said, Or right or wrong, what came into his head." -After nil it is only Mrs. Biltv herself who meets their expectant gs;:e— Mrs. Billy, gowned in ,-i charming costume of whito serge, aiid accompanied by Dick. Her bonny fa.ee is wreathed iti smiles; una she accosts Murray in quite a radiant fashion. •" See here, Meg. I've g(,t a real good thing to—" iiut at this she stops dead short, and the good tiling is lost for ever. Slits stares enquiringly at Tommy, who is generously returning the attention, having liis round eyes fixed immovably upon her. At last Mrs. Billy gives way. She smiles broadly.'• You d<.Mi t he'p me Meg," she says with a little " T.ha situation, I hate 110] no'jbt is full of interest, but as yet I am : rather in the dark. Is this," with a second j sm itt glance at Paulyn, "another of your ' young men?'1 At this question, uttered m the airiest laauner possible—Mr. Bollew—who up to mis has maintaiiiei a silence charged with i dynamite—breaks into a short sepulchral laugh! It ends almost as it began, and no body takes the slightest notice of it except i j Margery, who casts upon him a glance fraught with many meanings. Certaiuly not," she says, in answer to thc question. " It is only Tommy. Tommy Paulyn; you know." " Wiiy, yes, certainly," says Mrs. Billy, beaming upon the Hon. Tommy, and lioM- ! ing out to him a friendly hand, " When did you come, eh? I seem to have known you for centuries, the girls talk so much about you." The girls" look scornful—Tommy grins. * They would, you know—" he says giv- ; ing hta shirt collar a conceited pulU " They are so fond of me." Mrs. Daryl laughs, ' Isn t it true Angelica?" persists Mr. Paulj n, uudaunted by the 'dark'looks cast cn him by that sedate maiden. "Don't you love me?" H:i\ e I said so, Tommy?" asks slie in her quaint, grave, quakerish fashion. i " A thousand times," replies ho. " I will Hot. contradict you. I leave it to your conscience!" says the slim, tall, child ish. little thing, with a lovely reproach in her soft, steady eyes. 1 * 'You leave it in safe quarters then," de clares the irrepressible Tommy, who seems to find a special joy in teasing her. " You have named as umpire in this case about the best thing of its kind. Don't mind her. Mrs. Daryl, she adores me. Come over here, A.igelic*, and sit beside mo. 1 have a whole budget of news to open to you," ile hacks towards a sofa as he speaks—a patriarchal piece of furniture that has been in the family far generations. " No, I will not," says Angelica, with all the sweet, cold sternness, of a child. " You would have not said what's true I will not go near you." " Tiiuu you'll be sorry presently," says Mr. Paulyn, with conviction. " When I'm gone. I shall only be here for a week or so at the farthest, and who knows when you tfiil see nif again!" Here he seats himself heavily upon the ancient sofa, which creaks aloud in an expiring agony, Tommy being no small weight. " I'm a bird of passage, you know ; here to-day, and gone—" The word " to-morrow" is squealed out in a stiflc-d tone, the old sofa having given way beneath, him and buried him amongst its ruins. In his exit Mr. Paulyn may be said to have surpassed himself, naught of him I being left to the admiring audience save a ! pair of perfectly appointed legs. Heels up the Hon. Tommy disappears from viow. But these heels being discovered a little later on to be full of animation, and indeed kicking vigorou ly, the unhappy victim of a sofa's weakness is once more hauled into sight by those around. Well, I'm da . In bio . Oh, confound it !" gasps lie, growing irritable over his inability to give way to naughty language in the presence of the girls. "What the deuce is the good of a sofa like that, eh 1 Regular mantrap, what ? l'Jl take jolly good care I don't trust myself to its tender mercies again. " You Jim? taken care," cries. Margery who is roaring with laughter. " It's in bits' poor old thing. And such an old friend aB Jt was too ! You ought to be ashamed of yourself, Tommy." " Well, I'm not," says Tommy, and then he joins in with the majority and laughs per haps the loudest of them all at his mishap. Even Mr.- Bellew has been so far impressed by the scene as to forget his wrongs and give way to moody mirth ; but now, re collecting himself, goes back once more to gloom, and the shadow of the window cur tains. Are you staying at Brauksmere ?" asks Dick. " Muriel said something about your coming." "Yes, at Branksmere. Fine old place. By-the-bj'," glancing round him, confidently and evidently accepting Mrs. Billy as a con fidante upon the spot. "I never saw any thing so awful a3 Muriel is looking ! Like a handsome ghost. White as paper, don t you know, and her eyes as big as a pond." " Elegant description !" murmurs Dick, admiringly. " Been getting it up, Tommy." " She regular frightened me, I can tell you. I used to be spoony about that girl," confesses Mr. Paulyn in a loud, clear voice. "I loved her like—like—iroll, like anything you know ; and now to find her so pale and —and still, rather took it out of me. Some body ought to see to it, you know. Branks mere must be treating her very queer to bring her to such a pass. I can't got her out of my head," declares Mr Paulyn, earnestly. "Kept dreamin' of her all last night. " You're in love with her still ," laughs Mrs. Billy, gaily ; " that's what's the mattor with you." She has caught a nervous light in Margery's eyes, and thus comes to her ' support and comfort. " Not a bit of it," says Tommy, stoutly. " Only she worries me. She's as good as j my sister, you know. In fact, all the girls j here make up the only idea of home I've ever known. And I'm certain Muriel " Is quite happy," interrupts Margery, decisively, her face a little pale. " Why' what silly notion have you got into your head now ? Is Muriel never to have a headache ? never to look pale ? Is she su?h a favourite of the gods that all the ills of life are to be held, back from her f " What I want to know is," says Mr. Paulyn, who 13 hopelessly unimpressed by this eager defence, " why. she married Bianksmere. He 3 a good old chap enoU"h and I really like him, but there was that other fellow, Staines ; he's staying there now by the way—deuced bad taste of him. I think well ! she was going to marry liim a while ago, eh ?" " I'm jolly glad she didn't," says Dick. "So am I," supplements Angelica. " Dancing master sort of man !" "She married Branksmere because she choose to do bo," declares Margery slowly. ' Who shall arrange for lior her reasons." " Not I for one," says Tommy. "But "You will understand that there aro to be no huts in this case,'' interrupts Margery sudddenly with a little flash of anger. I will not have Muriel's motives publicly can vassed. Do you hear i" Her eyes are I bright., her lips tremulous. ' "Ah ! I've discovered it," cries Mm, ' Billy at this uncertain moment, with the brisk air of one who has at last achieved a victory over atreacherous memoiy. " What ?" asks Angelica, eagerly. " What it was I jvas going to say to Meg when first I came into the room. It escaped me then, but now I have it—tecaptnred. Margery, a word with you." She draws Meg aside, out of hearing, out of the late discussion altogether, and, what ever she says to her, in a minute or two the angry flush fades from the girl's face and she grows calm again, if still a little sad. As for Tommy, he's left upon the field in a distinctly injured frame of mind. " It is an odd thing if I tian't discuss the girls well-being amongst themselves,v ho pro tests indignantly. "It is all very fine their protending to bo so independent, but I'm their cousin, and a sort of a guardian by Jove. In fact, 1 feel as if they were all flung upon .tny shoulders now, somehow. Billy is, of course, too much taken up with his late purchase to boo anything beyond. Ma nose, and Peter" (mildly), "is •sbo^t Vhti big gest fool I know?" . A.t this one eft Wins bi'rsts into a fit of inextinguishable laughter. So pure, , so jolly it is, that perforce most of the others chime in with it. Mr. Paulyn, however, regards the outburst with ft grave eye. "Thatchild's not well,1" he saj>3 stowly, " Somebody had better look to it. If that sevoro paroxysm continues much longer I wouldn't answer for tho consequences." " What is it, Ma}', Blanche'" cSks Dick, who generally adresses each of the twins by both their ti3.mes, so as to make sure j of them. But May is still beyond speech. 1 " Pat her on the back, sonic body, mildly but lirmly," entreats Mr. l^aulyn generally, shifting his glass from his right to his left eye. 111 Give it her strong. Now then, my poor child. Better, eh? Well enough to explain?" " It's only this," crie3 Miy, with a faint relapse into lie? explosive state, "that what you just now said to Peter is exactly what he said of you yesterday, that you were the 'biggest fool unhung.' That was how he put it." " Ah! an improvement on my little speech," declares Mr. Paulyn, unmoved. "Petor, if a little wanting, is still a specially nice fellow and to think me tho biggest fool unhung only proves the truth of my opinion of htm. You agree with me, Bellow?" dragging into the foreground the morose young man amongst the window curtains. " Do I?" says ho, in a tone that warns Mr. Paulyn it will be unsafe to follow up the argument. " What is the matter with you this morn ing, Curzon?" asks Margery, who has again joined the throng. " You look to mo so sour, that I shouldn't think you would agree with anyone." I don't want to," returns Mr. Bellew, with unwonted iorce. His wrongs burn within him, and his anger waxes warm. " Lucky you! as matters stand." "I wouder you have the hardihood even to address me," breaks out he in a vehement undertone—his wrath at last getting the bet ter of him. He does not wait for her answer to this, but turns abruptly aside, leaving her amazed and indignant, and in fact, as she whispers to herself, with a good deal "in for him!'' ! (To be. continued.) 