THEATRICAL GOSSIP. —Bijou Theatre. *' Magistrate." —Theatre Boyal. " The Tomboy." —Opera House. "Der Freischutz." —Princess' Theatre. Essie Jenyns' Co. —St. George's Hall. Cogills' Minstrels. —Victoria Hall. " All-Star" Novelty Company. —Lynch Family of Bellringers. City and Suburbs. —Waxworks. Special attractions —Jubilee Skating Bink. Carlton. —Royal Skating Rink. Albert Park. —Victoria Skating Rink. South Yarra. —Armadale Skating Rink. Close station —Columbia Elite Skating Rink. St. Kilda. —St. James' Park Skating Kink. Hawthorn. —Kensington Skating Jlink. Hankin'e-road. —Exhibition Skating Rink. Brunswick-street. —Moonee Ponds Skating Bink.—Close to station. —Birdcage liellar is in Boston. —A Greek Magician IB showing in Sydney. —What about Pollock's going to India ? —Theatrical matters are not particularly brilliant in Adelaide. —Crawford's Scottish Singers are in the Maitland district. \--The I'erman Company have been " Fun-on-thc-Bristolling " in Tasmania. the corvicefe-o^BHl 'Oatey^ - —Redo and Wilkinson's Company is at Broken Hill- Amy Johns is with the iiush. —Gippslaud amateur theatricals are about to be let loose. N T o riot is reported yet. —Dan Harkins is showing in London, aud Daniel Bantirnann threatens Britishers with a visit. \- Fred. Gunther has left the Dampier, and throws in liis lot with Hiscocks and Friedman in Melbourne. —" The Hudson Opera Co." are operating in Northern Queensland, with Mies Gracie Plaistead as the great gun. —Tbo Perman Family are doing pretty well, and Mr- P. tells us that he expects the youngsters in Melbourne shortly. —That celebrated London actress, Miss Bernard Beere, is shout to tour the United States. Beere should be a success. —Hiscocks and Friedman have got out some good printing. The hew crowd is said to be marvellously clever. —Warner had made up his mind to settle down in Australia ; so has Harry Rickarda, and so have any amount of others. — Fields and Hanson have returned to America Amongst other men off to 'ilurrka are Frank Clark and Walter Keen. —Tommy Hudson and liisnew Company are doing fairly well at Garner's Rooms, Adelaide, wherethe recentlywedded are as popular as ever. —Professor Kennedy, the mesmerist, iB still in Melbourne unhitched. A tour of Tasmania is on the cards, when Harry Lyons will probably act as pilot. —And Ada Ward's Sydney Company has come kerwollop. W. G. Carey was evidently in luck. Bill wss offered, but did not accept an engagement with the Ward. —The Douegans—Miss Nellie, Master Jimmy and Papa Jame8E.—are now in Sydney. The juvenile skaters, bicyclists, &c..; are well spoken of in beautiful Harbourland. —Wheugli 1 What a double for Darrell Sidney makes; nnd that puts us in mind that Darrell will soon double for Sydney, after which we will not be the least surprised to see hirn dash out towards India and the East with a strong company. —Clark, Frank M , in devoting a night each to clog contests, actually omitted to set one apart for Melbourne. Can it be that Melbourne has no clog-wollopers ? Happy Melbourne i —Jimmy O Brien (J. O. B. Grattan), so well-known in connection -with poor Fred'Marshall's capital comedy company, iB again in Melbourne, and he intends remaining in town for some time. " Disengaged ; terms, £5 per lecture." Thus advertises the Tichborne Claimant in a home paper. Wake up, ye Autipodean money-making managers. Why, at Exhibition time, too; there's millions in it. —The following Thespians were at latest in Newcastle — Misses Millie Collier, Annie Reid, Mrs. Hayman (wboFe husband recently tjanie in for ever so many thousand pounds), Barry Lane, Jimmy Hssker, Cargoe {the Allan) Thorpe, Alici Andrews and Billy South. —We regret to announce the death of Mr. J. H. Deorwyn, which took place at his residence, Baker-street, Richmond, l;i6t week. The deceased gentleman, who was a general favourite, has two daughters on the stage, Miss Alice Deorwyn (Mrs. Charles Holloway) and Miss Constance (Mrs. Rich. Stewart, junior). —Mr. Oscar Smith, ventriloquist, etc., having got full up of public-house keeping at Broken Hill, has returned to the Royal Mail corner. Oscar tehs us that he didn't make a pot of nionej over the affair. Mrs. OBcar Smith, has remained behind in Adelaide with the Hudson \ Surprise Party. In the meantime Oscar is en leavouring to unearth a manager. —Billy Whitburn is a good, negro comedian. We have often said so, and we say it sgain. Still we fail to see the reason that his name should be starred in type three sizes larger than Johnny Cowan. Mark our words for it, the latter can hold his own wiih most of the young'uns, and there's life in the old boy yet. (Playgoers will cowanBide with us.) —Johnny O'Neill is about to produce the " Flying Scud." Ask Morris Griffin, the celebrated jock. Both gentlemen have a jockey Jack in training, who, when he does get in the saddle, will lick all creation. This requires watching as it jb the straight Griffin and should Jack ever get a shot he'll, why he'll win by a tooth, and then, oh what joy there'll be at the Flinders, probably a Morris dance. —Bill Manning will not accompany the bigger Bill .to England and America. The former had juBt finished &n; engagement when Holloway came along. Manning, not caring to remain idle, suddenly made up his mind to tackle anything jfrom a circuB or private secretary to a member of Parliament upwards, and after a, little persuasion, in which money was no object, shied in hiB lot with plain Bill. They are now together. —If Chollie Warner gallops off with the idea that he is going to have it all his own way he makes a blooming error. 'Cos why ? The Julia Hudson Company played " Drink" at the Muswellbrook School.of Arts the other night, and commenting on the performance of Mr. Barard, the local paper saye:—" He bad a wonderful 'make-up,' acted splendidly, 'brought down the house ' whenever he made his appearance, and proved that hiB impersonation of ' Blotch ' could not be surpassed by any member of the Charles Warner Company, who are nightly drawing crowded houses in Sydney." There ! —The Vivian Dramatic Company have been doing a perish in Adelaide, where they lugged out a fragmentary (very fragmentary) version of " His Natural Life," the brain (?) work of Mr. Bateman, who ought to sign-write another and then make his will. A man, Tyrrell, also wrote a version here and then "guyed awack "from Australia. Bateman has written one—he hasn't yet gone. There's a good time coming though. Sosuccessful did the venture turn out that, to keep the ghost from Btaggering on his pins, the management and the gentle Arthur were obliged to substitute another piece, and managed to drag on eomehow. The crowd made arrangements to put a week in at the Port: They put it in. —The many friends of the celebrated Matthews Family will hear with regret the bad news forwarded by our correspondent. As stated some time ago, while touring India little Carl Matthews, a remarkably clever lad, was carried off by fever. Now we have to report the deaths of Bob Bernard (the " lost policeman " of the pantomime), also Charlie Stoodley, and lastly that general favourite, Mr. Theodore Matthews. Business worries and anxieties are said to have been the death of poor Theodore. Mrs. MatthewB (at present in Juoetta) has not yet made up her mind whether to go on to England or return to Australia. The MatthewB Company have been anj'thing but successful since they left Melbourne: —The Lynch Family of Bellringers gave two performances at the Atheneeum Hall on Saturday last,rand on both occasions were patronised by crowded and appreciative audienceB. Miss Annette Ivan ova was in fine voice, and received quite a demonstrative enoore for each song she sang. Mr. Miller Fraser, the new tenor, and Mr. Gilpin, the baritone were accorded^very favourable receptions. Mr. J. C. Parlatto fully sustained thej-eputation he has achieved of being an excellent low comedian. The Bella, as of yore, delighted everyone, and from first' to last the performance proved a most enjoyable one. On Saturday next a new programme 'is announced. During the week the Bellringers are announced to visit the various suburbs — Sell's CircuB (how appropriate) is not to pay Australia the long-talked-of viBit during the gay and festive Exhibition season. The manager for the show has been unable to secure a site, and cabled back to that effect during the week. He has now made up bis mind to follow the cable, and will leave by the next mail boat. The circuB-loving public will be sorry to hear that the proposed trip has been abandoned, but there was no help for it. That Sell's show promised to be a big thing may be judged from the fact that something like seven or eight thousand pounds muBt be laid out before the management would bo able to start jingling the colonial Roberts. It B an ill wind, etc , and the present betting is ten to one that Australian theatrical managers will survive the shock caused on learning that the Sells are not coining. raking ihtlTe <lpnarB ^^Jtrnp^^b^mB. j^abltftilfe, .He lms a pretty tidy salary-list; aa taay be judgefl from tbfe following, who compriso the party :—Misses Ada Walker, Nellie Oscar Suntb, May Cameron, Busch, Rowley, Do Courcy, Linton, Victors, Mrs. Hudson, Messrs. Wilson and Cameron, Hamilton, Rowley, SanderBon and a couple of step-dancers. —Jennie Lee fondly clings to the idea of re-visiting Australia shortly. A complimentary matinee at London Prince of Wales'was given in her honour at the beginning of last month, and an excellent programme had been provided, including the first act of " Sweet Lavender," and incidentals by several of the most popular players and singers of the day—and night. Arthur Roberts was on the bill, but preferred to keep "off _ very much off!" Anon, " Good for Nothing" was served un, with Miss Kate Vauglian as Nan—and a good Nan, too—and Lionel Brough as Tom Dibbles—the best Dibbles I have Heen. Very funny waB Brough's repetition of "You leave this to me"; but I can't see why he need have dropped in that "damn" towards the end. It was unnecessary, and unlike most" damns," didn't get a laugh. The other parts were sustained by Messrs. Matthew Brodie, W. Guise and Julian Cross. The whole concluded with a couple of scenes from " Jo." in which Miss Florence Bennett appeared as Lady Dedlock. Miss Lee, who had Bung several Bongs, including " La Premiere Feuille," waB, of course, the Jo, and played it with all her old quick humour and deep pathos. Amongst the many who will hail with delight the return of the Burnetts are George Leopold, " that man Millar !" (as Hughesy puts it) and others. —A very pleasing ceremony took place on Saturday evening last at " Tore Cregan," the residence of Mrs. Cregan, on the Banks of Killarney, when Miss Ann Chute (the Colleen Ruaidh), Eily O'Connor (the Colleen Bawn and the lady of the house, Mrs Cregan, were the recipients of a handsome little present from the Footscray Amateurs. The presentations were made by Father Tom in a few brief but well-chosen remarks. However, to make a long story short, the Amateurs referred to have of lat9 been giving a series of performances, consisting mainly of Irish dramas, under the management of Mr. J. P. O'Neill. Unlike most amateurs they have given good shows, have worked hard, and have been liberally patronised by the local residents,who happen to " know a good tiling " when they see it, and the result is that the lads (as nice a crowd as you'd wish to meet in a day's walk) have a tidy little banking account. Again, unlike most amateurB,there is no clamoring over filthy lucre, and, as stated above, on Saturday evening last, as soon as the scene was'set for the opening, and before the rising of the curtain, Misses Maud and Lina M'Callum and Violet Yates were each presented with a very valuable little gift. All the young ladies living in Footscray are going on the stage shortly. Just our luck. Oh! why weren't we born girls? and twins at that, then we'd have shifted to Footscray and gone and joined the Bmateurs. GOOD old superior Lohr, says N.Z. " Referee," with his English cape coat, has been a central figure in our midst during the past week. L. J. looked us up on his arrival on Friday last, but we were out— unfortunately for us. We hare since foregathered, though, abundantly and often. He looks as well as ever, and much heavier. As business manager for Messrs. Brough and Boucicault's "Hans-the-Boatman" Company, he is, as we found him with George llignold on his first trip to this country, the c'rect card right down to the ground. And just a word for Mrs. Lohr ("norn de theatre," Kate Bishop). Mrs. Lohr is travelling through New Zealand on pleasure—enjoying a well-earned rest from a long series of theatrical engagements. The many staunch friends this talented lady made during her visit here with Mr. George 'ilignold's company have given her a hearty welcome. Mrs. Lohr occupied a private box at the Iloyal on the opening night of " Hans the Boatman's" season. We are all waiting to -see her on the boards of the New Zealand stage once more, and it is matter for regret that she will not, before the company leaves, have an opportunity of exhibiting the ability which has already made her memory dear to the hearts of all lovers of the legitimate drama in this colony. . 