The Circus. J I have always bad a singular liking; for a circus, a low liking; it is very probable, I might hear you say, were l nearcnough j'but I scorn to dispute the point. Tell me what therfecan be in high life more intoxicating with a sort of bubbling effervescing! plea sure than the whole paraphernalia, of ja cir cus I - ? . - ? i. I was thinking thus one day, as I entered one of these sunny pavilions, and thlnkingl too, whether, in spite of all my love of motion and swiftness* and grace, so timid a person as I would have had much enjoyment in an old Roman circus where men and beasts- en countered ia contest of blood;, .and - where ladies, whose hearts could have beeii not greatly different from my own, applauded tbe death struggle of a gladiator as 1. did the somersaults of little Ninonito. ; . i -. The. present entertainment was called :upon the biilsa :4 Great Moral Bxhibition ; and as with the circus ic combined a superior monaueric, i to which Asian jungles | and African deserts bad contributed, clergymen and others were cordially invited to witness tbe trained! lion and the lamb lying down tdgcther. Of the last performance, of which I- am partscularlyj'speaktng, tbe last item had been described in the advertisement as the '.Ter- rible Exploits of tbe Dauntless' Bartouro . in the Den ofrAViId Beasts ;' the capitaU bad. been thrilling. Aud accordingly, altera suffi cient quantity of small boys had been thrown by- the horse, an. enormous' carriage, that filled riearly half the space, was slowly wheeled upon the scene, the sides were let down, arid the den of wild beasts was dis closed. It was in three compartments,, with strong partitions made of a lattice-work of iron bars between them. ' In the- first one. some leopards qnd a Bengal tiger of. loathly, beauty were :roaraing.restless!y round, np arid down, in and out, round and about, in a way to make one's heartache. # In the [central compartment a* lion was striding' up arid down, lashing his tail'about ; while the licness, lying in one corner with her tvo wficlps fawning around her, looked with complacent curfrsity at the crowd who returned hcrjgaze. But when the lids were let down from the last compartment, all thought of the qccupants of the other, two was for a moment forgotten, 'as the immense arid single lion within that one sprang upon his hind, legs; pawing at the side of the cage as if he would.break through and bound out upon us, apdiuttering a roar that resounded and reviberated from side to side, and -made every heart stand still. . . Wc were almost all decorously placed on tbe tiers of seats, but at tbe sound and the sight tbe whole audience shook a little closer together : and, for ray own part, never lik ing such scenes as this promised to be; I«ha4 risen to go. ! 44 Never mind,' said my coriipanion to me, as I excitedly jiignified my wish to hasten off; '4 it is a trite tiling enough ; the creatures are gorged with food and dandled frerri their birth ; the exh^itor is in no danger*' ' You are . mfiitaken, sir,' said one of the hratandbrs. . 44 lo the first two'caees thev are'certainly tame enough, but the last beast is the true Nemiean, raging for his lib erty. as ready to rend a man to atoms as ever his wildest ancestors wfere.' ' JJieri-whyis he in thatcage.'sir,' I asked, shivering beneath the blaze of those eyeballs like coals. ? ' ^ ' He ii as only added to the collection a few hours:since.,rsaid another gentleman at my si ^e. ? 'Some sailors brought him home on their own accourit ; the ship happened to arrive in the harbor this.roorain'g, jus^! as the menagerie was setting hp its tents; the sailors lost no time in making their bargain, and the animal was transferred immediately ; but an Injiirv happening to his own cage he was Icmporarilv shut into this one till- better ac commodations could be arranged, I believe.' ' But is it really strong enough ?' I asked, with a quiver. - ?' Oh, without doubt.' 'And then the exhibitor does not venture into that compartment*?' ' Not nirilcss he is insane, I fancy.'. ? ? ' Ah, what a roar ! It is thunder's self 1' 'Possibly hetias not. been .fed to-day.' ~ ' I think we had .better go,' I said, 44 It renliy makes mo ill.' . 'Indeed,' waa.thb response L met with. ' 1 f there is going to be anything unusual, let us have .the benefit of it !' ' But It seems to me the exhibitioner is not ready. 1 do bcBovo he is afraid himself.' 14 Ho bos no occasion,' said the second by. stander again. 'In spite of our friend's opinion of the wild. beast, unless thu cxhibl* tor should open the door of the thlnl ca-:c, thi»re is absolutely not a shadow of danger.-' 'And if he should ?' . 'Why, then I imagine ho' would surely got hi* dcierta.' *, ' - . 'The Hon would, at any rate,' rejoined my companion. ' Oh, how nervous you mako mo I'M ex claimed, ' I wunder why tho Dauntless Bar touro does not come ? ' 44 ruHsibly ho Is asleep,' replied the second ? bystander once more ; ' he has a Uttla habit, they say, which occasions drowalmM— 1 sup pos.i so hazardous an occuiiation n« may havo been, In tho brginniug, rwphted stimulants, and ho hns alntaeil thu nocusilty. If they ate not sobering him with buckets of cold water dashed over him, thoy are probably assisting him to hurry on his tights and snangle*,' As he anolte, a man, carry iuga l(tt(e switch, bounded into the ring, mado fils bow to tho audlonco, threw open the cagoof tholconarils, loapod lightly up, aud in an instant had shut himself within, . ' Ho was a man cf splendid physical dc yolopmont ; hud io quick hnd bven his tbrco movements, !tbat ono bad riot time to. see . his flushed face and its swollen- veins before it seemed that tbe exertion of seizing a leo- ^ pard and tossing him in thfe air hi£l ,occa-''^ sioned'it. ? 44 What a handsome man ? ' cried my panion, staring at him with admiration. He was a- picture as he faced, us ; the two leopards stood with a paw on bis either shooldcr, tbe spots seeming fo waver in their supple sides liko thesparksand glows in half blackened firebrands, while the tigerbounded to and fro over the switch he beld'for him as if his sleek curves were made of nothing but ''. caoutchoue. It wns plain that the creatures . loved the man ; they reached out their long, red tongues and licked Lim — be had fed them and tended them. - -;- As I thought this, Bartouroflung aside itbe \ first partition of iron bars with a thrust, and j was in the central cage, stepping quickly toN^ ? ' the Iiones3 and switching her till she rose upon her feet ;!catching the hairy littld cubs ^ in his arms, and throwing them about Bke ** juggler's balls ; calling the lion to his side ,jmd lying down between them all, as if for peaeferiilTw?o°se iQ the bosom of bis family. ' Meanwhile tiger came and atretcnea himself at his feev,'n/ and- one of ;the leopards . amused himself with boxiritJ^qr^impertinent little cub,. while another leopard rei'ifi^d, to the furthest end of the cage, and appeared to*' - keep watch like a sentinel over the domestic scene.. It was, after all, a very charming sight, and the place rang with applause. ' . . ? 1 Suddenly -Bartouro sprang to his feet, ^ bowed again to .the audience, then threw *i open the last partition. ; My tongue clave to the roof of my mouth with horror.; the whole amphitheatre hung upon one breath. The three compartments were now a single cagealone ; but the animals in the first por tion hurriedly huddled themselves together in the remotest part, cowering and whining, . and trembling!in evident fear. ' With a magnificent fearlessness, uaruraro r trod swiftly toward the lion, who stood erect, holding by his tremendous paws to the side of tbe cage, his huge black mane rising and bristling round him as if. instinct with savage life itself, as he turned bis head at the clang * . ' of the iron bars, arid glared witfi red-hot eyes . upon Bartouro; . 'Come back 1 For Heaven's sake, come !' , back 1 ' cried the circus-master, darting across the arena toward the cage. 44 It is the nevri .lion. . Yon are a dead manj!' 7 The whole audience rose. Ob, the cruel, 1 . handsome facta of ^tko3e dead and gone Roman women! — t^Re were not their ghosts. . But Bartoiiro did not vouchsafe him a glance ; ; -—only he trod swiftly forward, and struck' the great beast a.tingling blow in the' face. - It wa3 the' death-blow of courage. The - lion, amazed for one heart beat, with the ' ' ? next did not jtoQse te .crouch ere springing, but bad throw his^ff in one mos3 upon. '?* Bartouro, who tottftH^^d bulf fell, but rose again, and lifted hiu :V^-3, that were like springs of steel, fo thrv^Uhe beast away. Then, as if lightning fell,\\\\\ arms dropped powerless, the man sank .sYowly down, his eyes wfde open and - staring ion the lion, bis face* whiter than oshes/the1 blood pouring from bis side. - * * ? - Women were fainting now in the audience; ? * children were shrieking, men were springing forward ; the people of the menagerie were running to get . some weapon, an axe, a pistol, ? anything — there - was riot onfc who dared to cftter the cage and take his prey from the dreadful thing which would degour it before .orir very eyes for afi we knew. Alb at once, in that swift, breathless in stant, a ball of fire shot jbrougb the air from one end of the cage' to the other. It was the leopard who bad sat as sentinel. In' a second his mate bad followed. One had no time to Gotc their superb' beauty, nor to wqn^AT^t thj^ir fnrions. spring, before the tiger. tpfcV hurled himseR upon them, and all threc-flSl fallen with a yell on the lion, who tore his ^ claws away, and half forgot Bartouro, to turn fiercely on them. j Whether, it was- loye! of . their master, or wl^ethersomeforest scent still lingering about the w'ild brute, ^ad roused the never before awakened rage of their blood, no one can say ; : '? they were giving tbejr lives for Bartouro~so ? much was certain. * , 'Come out— come out!' we. crifed.in ono voice. 'Ob, you are. mad, Bartouro !'' . / ? \- He did not deign tis a look ; bnt his voice A- ' rose over the snarl nnd roar and cry of tho strangling beasts, arid over the uproar awak ened in tbe neighboring cages, like a blast of wind— .. ** ? ' 41 Aad leave my leopard^ to die ?' i In a moment be had darted forward, the helpless arm dangling from his shoulder, but bis right hand grasping bis wip ; and as the lio'n. turning at. the sirle^gloncc which be caught of bis first a*saiintft, regardless of leo pards or tigers, shook them off with a mighty shudder, and collected himself for a second leap upon him, Bartouro ran up with bis whip, and- with the precision of a-marksman, i he had fleqked its thong first in one eye of .v^ the Hom and then the other, slipping aside . 1 1 as the iiori rose to spring with a yell of pain and a^ony, and fell sprawling .and rolling over, Ariking agaiust the iron sides of )tbe cage, gathering itself together again, ann crouching as still as the sphinx. * Another ray of light .never entered those thong-flecked eyes. The liou was stone blind from that day. The whole scene ' had not occupied three v ; minutes. At its .close Bartouro caught bis torn leonards And tossed them into the other end of tne inclosure, single-armed, drew bis tiger.aUbough very badly maimed, away by. the jaws, clanged down the iron door be tween, stepped out, abut the cage behind him, bowed to the audience — just the circus master and bis assistants dashed in ' ^ xviih guns and sworvls— and rau oil as if he' bad no more than trod upon a fly. Tho Dear Creatures.— ;Wheu a younc man deceives bis best girf; and she find* it out; it usually leads up to a serious cry-sis. One reason why the homely girl takes the scholarship prize is becauso she looks into books mosg than into mirrors. - .No man can contta cWi-cved girl without being jealous. And tbe cause is that she 4 always seems to be looking at and smiling upon some other fullow, . Please His Friends.—1 14 Will you ^please insert this obituary .notice?' asked an old gentleman of an editor. 'I make bold, to v; ask it, because tho deceased had a great many friends about here who'd bo glad to hear of - ^ his death.' ; Oauso for Gallantry— When a young \;V- man politely oflvrcd bin seat iu a tram carto r an old gentleman, and then went and stood f on tho platform, a follow passenger said,— ? M am glad to sec, sir, a young man liko you pay that respect and .deference to old ago which it should always command.' 4- Yes, sir,' replied the vouth, Mhatofd ? codger it worth a million dollars,' Guessed Ho Had Bad News— Mrs. j Partington was not so much a myth as ?ynlcnl unbelisvero nssort. For iuatanoc, Aunty Becky Blown ono mottling lust weok , 'i camo Into Iho breakfast, room with n very i muol- troubled countenanco, ..Ono of tho family remarked It and naked hor what was Wm tho matter. ? ' I'm 'fraid Mr. Bparka has got Bomo bad h, nows ; I jest soo a tplrgrnph hoy go Mdln'nn ~ to ids hmiso on his cyclupedy.' ' . . ' You aay yon want, to marry my daugh ter; have you spoken tn her ' Vcs, sir,' replied tho young man, ' nnd ^ havo gained lior consent.' '?Well, if bhe said 'yes'-ihat settles it*. -c:- Anythiug I might say or dtf wouldn't havo Sv tho allshtestlnHuenco,' Then tho young tnhn g«a bhmo and - ? wonders if ho Ua'tdo' young to marzy such a- - gin. / oqu t'c - 