IIRRR PAUL US : IIIS RISE, HIS GREATNESS AND HIS FALL. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.! BY WALTER BESANT, Autiioh of " All Souts and Conditions of Mux," &c;\, &c.; Tun Right of Than&lation; is Rbsbiived. I BOOK THE SECOND. Chapter XIV. (Continued.) — On Advan tageous Teums. " The kind of show I thought of was a supe rior spiritualist show. I would have every thing iu it, sir. The old fashioned medium, though this is a little out of date, as oue may say, always draws if tho thing is carefully worked. 1 would have the raps and messages and all that, not forgetting tho heavenly music. I play myself, very sweetly, on the concertina, so that tho heavenly music may be safely advertised. I can also use the camera, so that spirit photographs will always appear upon tho posters. As for drawing on tho coil ing, I haTe practised with tho lazy tongs, and as for floatiag in the air, I've douo it on tho stago with the conjuror. Thought reading, of course, I understand, and finding things hidden away." " Pray go on." " I would aho include palmistry, which I am told is now fashionable iu this country. And reading characters from handwriting. Talc ni„-,.vo fetches in the nteno- Crnnic- logy — they always like that if the patter is well done." " You might add astrology and astronomy and alchomy while you are about it, to make tho show complete. " " Thank you, sir, I will make a note of your suggestion. Anythiug from you — " " And now, Sir, pray, what do you propose ? " To run your pupil, sir, on advan tageous terms, sir. I know what is duo to that youug gentleman. First, Sir, allow mo to continue. I had a wife iu tho old days before I went to tho States. She became aj medium and frightened me. I confess, sir, that she frightened ma out of the house with her spirits. Fairly drove mo out. I was a fool to go, because she afterwards becamo a great medium, and I could havo ran hor ou advan tageous terms, of course ; whereas she has only fooled herself away and is now, I hoar, in reduced circumstances. I ought to havo known there was money in it. But I did not, and I ran away. Well, when first I thought of this, then of course I naturally remembered my wife. " "Naturally." " Aod I came straight homo to look for her. I thought she would be just tbe medium that I wanted." "Well — and you havo seon her and sho won't go away with you." "No, sir, I wasn't fool enough to speak to hor beforo making inquiries. I havo soen her hut sho hasn't seen me. She's lost all her busi ness and all hor powers, as far as I can learn. Nobody goes to hor and she's poor, aud sho's old, and, which is worso, she looks poor. Lavinia never was much in tho way of looks, but when she was young she bad bcr points. My show wants beauty and youlh — at all events youth. If I had youth aud beauty I could do anything. Well, I was obliged to givo up the idea. Then I heard that you wore in London, . and I remembered hearing of your pupil, and I thought, sir, considering that lie will probably bo wanting a ran through tho States, and that ho must have au agent, why should he not havo mo? Stop a moment, sir. Don't say no all at once. Consider, I know all tho dodges — ovory ono. I do indeed. I am up to everything within tho show aud out of it. Not that I actually do tho things myself — but I am a skilled assistant to those who do — a confederate who can be trusted, a bouuet, if I may so speak, of fidelity aud zeal. As such, sir, I should bo invaluable. And as for terms, they would ho advantageous. Highly advan tageous. " "What, sir!" The Professor sat upright iu his chair, and bont upon this unhappy man eyebrows so whito aud bushy, and shook in his face a crutch so thick and threatening, that I10 trembled and gasped. " What, sir! You daro to ask mo to engago you iu the capacity of a successful confederate and a cheat ? You dare to insult mo by assuming thnt my life, my blameless aud honorablo career, has been stained by trickery? You dare, Eir, I ask, to come hero and do this ? Go, sir, go. Remove yoursolf from my presence. If I were younger, if I had the use of my limbs, you would go through tho window, not for tho insult you offor to mo, but for that you havo offcrod to tlio Sacred Cause of Spiritualism." An archbishop accused of elioating at euchre could not have exhibited a loftier indignation. Tlio good old man fell back in his chair exhausted, but glaring with wrath and indig nant virtue. " I beg your pardon, sir. I 1 "It is such men ns yoursolf, with your accordions and your speakiug tubes aud your lazy tongs, by which you imitate the phenomena of manifestations, who briug discredit on our sacred calling." " Sir ! Professor ! I beg your pardou. I do indeed. I didn't mean any insult. I won't say uuothcr word about the conjuring tricks. But if I could got au appointment I should givo every satisfaction. I've excellent manners aud a winning way" — he smiled engagingly, to show how winning that way was. " In the outer office, to receivo visitors and to prepare their minds and rniso their curiosity, I should be invaluable. Forgive me, sir. If yon won't hcjp me, sir, I must go back to my wife — to Lavinia." Ho shuddered. " To Lavinia, in order to borrow money to get hack to the States, where I am honorably known." " Your name is Medlock, you say. Is your wife Lavinia Medlock ?"' " Yes, sir, Lavinia Medlock." » She was formerly a medium of some note. You do uot wish to go back to her. You would bo only a bur den to licr. You had a daughter, I think. Yes, yes. For. yonr wife's sake, only for hor sake, mind — I might help you — yes," — the Frofessor gazed steadfastly at tho man as if ho was reading him through aud through — "What is your present address ? " " I have a bodroomin Huntor- stroot, Blooms- bury." " What wore yon formerly ? " " 1 was a clerk, sir, on a hundred and twenty pounds a year — and wo lot lodgings— but Lavinia filled the house with ghosts to such a degree " " Yes — and yon'vo been all tho time in the States going about with shows. Well — you arc not goiug to he my pupil's agout, but I may holp you if you show me thatyou are worth help. Can yon stay ou at Hunter-street for another week ?" " As long as yon like, sir, if it will lead to anything." "You are not to go near your wifo at pro- sent. You are not to write to her or to lot hor know that you havo returned. " "I don't want to." " Very good — hero is a sovereign. You will have a letter from mo, perhaps, in a day or two. Tako caro to obey it Now you can go." Tho man retired, and Paul camo forth from the bedroom, whero he had overheard tbe con versation. " Well, Paul, how does this coiucidence help you? Coincidences aro always happening, always. What brought that man horo ? Why, ho is the father of that girl, Paul." "Yes. He is Hetty's father. What will Hetty think of him ? Ho is not exactly a father to be proud of, is he ? " "To restore to that girl her long-lost father would be, mothinks, a miraclo of the more wonderful, Paul. Pity ho isn't rich as he would bo in a novel," "He seems n most dotestablo littlo snob. -But still — it wonld please Hetty. I will do it Daddy, I will do it Hetty's father and Cicely's brother. Both m one day 1 Both in one day !" Chapter XV.— Tom's Discovery. Only ono day beforo tho 23rd. And not a word or a sign from tho mysterious three who held those cheques. Paul, however, preserved an unabated cheerfulness. On this morning— tho 22nd — whon tho party broka np after breakfast, Tom and Sibyl, obedient to a sign from the former, lingered behind. , "I told you, Dodo," he said, as soon as they wero alone, " that I should track him ont." " Well, Tom, and havo you ? And it is not too late ? " " Come up to my workshop. No ono will look for yon there ; and I've got lots of things to toll you." "Now, Dodo," ho said, haviug gained tho security and loneliness of that retreat, " I have really dono it — I have found him ont. And I am ready to spring the whole thing upon him." " Does he kuow or suspect anything ?" " Not a word." "Ohl "Sihyl smiled sweetly, as a woman can smile who sees her enemy humbled. " And he is after all, as I have always suspected, a mere impostor and swindler. Well, it is only one more. Ho will bo followed by another, I I dare say quito as bad." "Nut quite, Dodo, dear. Your feminine way of putting things is perhaps too downright. Women love a dear outline. " " We lovo truth." 4 " Uufuiiuuateiy," saiti mo i'tiysicist, I I nothing in nature has a clear outline. Well, my child, I am not prepared to call bad names. A swindler or an impostor is generally a person who obtains money under false pretences. I havo no evidence at all, at yet, that onr friend Paul lias 'obtaineii money under false pretences. Ho may, foi aught I know, propose to stick to all thosi very considerable sums now lying in the bank to the account of the illustrious IzSk Ibn Meuelok, dcscendcnt of Kiug Solomon and Qnccn Sheba ; Reuben P. Zeigler, of Phila delphia ; and Surabjce Kumsetzee of Bombay. I say that ho may, but I do not believe that he docs. If he does he will find himself in Queer- street, with a clear prospect of a healthy life under lonely conditions for a longish ' terra of years. I say, Dodo, that if he does ha will be astonished. Because I am ready to demonstrate iu open court the method by whicli that money was extracted from your father." Sibyl sighod. " Oh ! I know all along that he must havo taken it." "Ho hasn't stolon it, Dodo. That is to say — not ns yet. But he was the means by which the shares wore sold — of that I am cer- tain. Remember, please, that had it not been for tho salo of those shares everything would have been lost." " Everything i6 lost, Tom," said Sibyl, witU assurance. "First of all, I told you that Lavinia put me on the scent. Au old geutlemau who had been ia tho service of the company, and had all his money invested there, eauio to her alarmed by a whisper from the office. Sho conld get no council and asked Paul's advice. Paul understood tho situation and saved the man's money. Moro than that he saved ours "So you say." , " It was uot, you observe, Kis 1 Friends' who warned him, nor was it at the instigation of his 'Friends' that he acted. It was by au accident , ho was consulted. I have seen the mau whom he advised. Ho tells everybody how he asked tho spirits, and how, Lavinia's spirits being unequal to tho task, he sent his case to Ilerr Paulus, who ordered him to sell instantly. Without his udvice, lie would havo gouo to the work house. Without his action, a liko fato would have befallen us, sweot Dodo. If uot quito tho work house, our uuion would have been put off iudotiuitcly." ' It is put off indefinitely as it is," said Sibyl. " Only yesterday my father called mo into his study, and after reminding mo of tho vocation to which ho had dostined mo from tlio cradle, told mo that the timo was now como when I must put my life seriously under tho instruction of our prophet." "Aud you replied?" "1 told him that my vocation was quite in tho opposite direction — aud then — wo had a scone. How can I change his resolution ? " " I shall try what I can do, presently," said Tom. " Meantime, wo can at auy time mako it impossible for that resolution to be carried into effect." Sibyl shook her head. "No, Tom; not without his consent. Bui go ou about Paul." " I was greatly pleased at this little disco very, aud I bogau to think. I kept ou thinking and watching. One morning wheu ho went out I followed him. It was not difficult, for ho never looked round, aud I kept on ono sido of the street while he walkod on the other. When ho came to St. I'ancras Church, the groat new church, he left the Maryicbouc-roud and walked across the church yard into tho Marylehone Higlt- strect. He crossed tho street and walked along a row of small houses which thoy call Bcauinout- stroot, and at ono of these he stopped, aud opened the door with a latchkey, and walked in as if tho place belonged to him. So, you sco, onr man, who came straight from St. Peters burg, aud who, wo thought, knew 110 ono at all iu England, had a friend living in Benuinont- street, Marylebooo." " It snows that he told us lies, but it doea not show anything olse, Tom, does it ? " " First, my dearest Dodo, to uso the words of the Quaker, thou uttcrcst au untruth, and then thou askoit a question. As he never said that he had uo friends here it does not show that he told lies. When I camo to find out the name of his friend it seemed to prove a great deal. For his friend is no othor thnu tho great Professor Molchers himself, of Now York." " I never heard of him. " " Nor had I until I was told about him. Pro. fessor Molchers, until his health broke down, was the greatest oraclo in New York. Hun- drcds of our follow creatures, presumed to he sane, would tako no decisivo steps, hotvo ver trivial, without consulting the Professor, whose advice was followed blindly. Tkero are heaps of stories told of his insight, nud the wonderful results obtained by those who bought his opinion. Of course, he was connected with the Othor World, presumably with the Spirits of Dick Whittiugton, Jacquea Coour, Sir Thomas Gresham, Messrs. Astor, Vandorbilt, Stewart and all the goodly company of thuso who have mado money and, no doubt, still keep up their interest in tho process. Well, Sibyl, here comes in the interesting part. The Professor grew old ; tho Professor took a pupil ; the Professor retired from business and went away on his travels; his pupil went with him. Tho pupil's name was Signer Paolo, Now do you begin to under stand? Nono of the old bnsinoss with raps and Emmanuol Chicks aud Lavinia Medlocks ; nothing of tho kind — a fine old established City Oracle ; a place of inquiry for those who deal in stocks and shares ; magic and mystery brought to boar on financo ; the Spirits made usctul ; communications with tho other world restricted to matters of business. No wonder tho Professor did well and made a little pile." " Is this important ?" " Very important indeed." "What next?" " Como on the roof with me." There was a trap door in one corner and a short ladder, which Tom raised, and mounting it, opened the door. Sibyl followed. Ontside there was a tolerably broad area, bounded by a low parapet. Look over tho parapet, Dodo. You can see into yonr father's study." Tho study, as has been related, was built ont from the huuse. Tom's room was at the end of the honsc, nnd from the roof any budy standing near tho end conld look straight into tha large Bide window of the study, and could sea; what was being done over that part of it, jjoveredJiy. the .table -and,, ""i "V" aid fcatj hetrthrng— in other wards, over the habitable portion oi the Btudy. " 1 have improved upon this side view," aaid Tom, " by a little arrangement of glasses and things. Step in bere, Dodo." He had erected on the leads a small low chamber, not much higher than the parapet, with close tarpaulin sides. Ho pushed the tarpaulin apart and Sibyl entered. Within there was a round table, painted white. Tom came after her and closed the hangings behind him. Then it was quito dark. " Tom, what is the meaning of it ?" she asked. Tom did something — turned a handle, perhaps —and instantly on the table there showed a picture, . bright, clear and in tho natural colors. It was the pictnre of the study, Sibyl saw the- hearthrug, tho fireplace, the great table with the books and papers upon it, the wooden chair, ..and the long low chair beside the fire. It was a beautiful picture, much better than a photograph, ou account of tho colors. Presently out of the external blacknoss Sibyl saw her father glido into the picture and sit down at the table. Then ho took a pen and began to make calculations. " Wo are nnlucky this morning," said Tom. " I could have shown you how ho goes off every day to Abyssinia. I could havo shown you bow Paul exercises that power of his by which he made Cicely and Hetty see what he pleased. You would have seen your father, apparently dead, 6uddouly sit up — turn round hie chair and write at Paul's orders. Then you would have seen Paul fold up tho letters aud put them in his own pocket, take tho keys aud examine tho sale, read your lather's corrrupondeuce, look in his drawers ; Ten search his pockets. " ' Let me out, Tom," criod Sibyl. " I can not watch my father — oh 1 It is horrible that man tdiould have such power. " " It is strange. But there is no donbt of it After a time you would have seen him awaken his padient. In these trances, Dodo, ho has made year father carry on the business about the shares " "But, Tom, tills is awfully, torribly ilange- B>us. This is far worse than I feared." " It is very dangerous ; nothing could bo moro dangerous. A man possessed of this power could strip a man of everything, if he chose. Because, you sec, your father does not know that this man has this power over him. All be can say is that ho does not know why he wrote certain letters and signed certain cheques — ho canuot remember. If a man can not remember the performance of those most important acts, he hod better go and be locked up at onco. Now, you see, I am ready as an eye witness. I have seen things done which prove to mo, as clearly as anything can be proved, how the busiuess was effected. Paul is a mighty clever young man, but 1 have been ono too many for him. '1 warned him that 1 should watch him." " What — what are you going to do with tho knowledge, Tom?" " 1 am going to denounce him, of course. I shall take tho opportunity to-morrow, while all the world is admiring the wonderful way in which our fortunes have boeu saved, lost aud Bstored to us, of explaining the process " "Yon do not kuow that ho will givo back the money. " 11 1 am certain he will. I have my own theory of his purpose — and it is not robbery." " And about the Indian paper, Torn ?" I do not understand the Iudiao paper trick. But, theo, there are inauy tricks which I do uot understand. For iusUinco the grout M&ugo; trick. That is a capital trick, which has, so tar, defied discovery. So with tho Indian paper trick." "I am glad ho has been detected," said Sibyl. "I shall rejoice to see him exposed. But will my father over believe iu your expla Ration? Will he givo up his now gospel?" (To be continued.") 