THE EGYPT EXPLORATION FOND. M, NAVILLE'S DISCOVERIES AX liOBASTia, (TUB TIMH3.) Tho excavation of tho Groat Temple of Bnbaatis (ihB ruins of which,it will be remem* bated, werodiecovered last year by M.Navilel) was resumed some five or six weeks ago, and is now in full progress. Former operations oonduoted by tho Egypt Exploration Fund have for the most part beeo carried on in places remote from tbe beaten track; bnt , M. Navllle, by marching bis little , army of diggers to Tell Basta, has I brought his work not only within an easy distance of Cairo, hut within a few minutes' , walk of Zagazig, the meeting- place of a net work of railway lines, and the head quarters of the Egyptian ootton trade. Zagazig station may be described as the Matinee of the Eastern Delta—the bonrne for wbloh every traveller, whether his destination be Damietta, Mansurah, Salahlyeh, Suez, or Port Said, is inevitably bound. As all trains stop here, and as there is generally a dreary hiatus of a couple of hours between the arrival of tho incoming train and the de parture of the _ next, It may readily be imagined with what eagerness tho tourists of the present season are just now thronging to the scent of M, Neville's labours, Tbe work of the Egypt Explora tion Fund has, in short, become a popular institution; and Instead of living like anohorltes in desert solitudes where the impress of a patent leather boot upon the sands was as startling a novelty as ibe j famous foot-print on the shore of Robinson I Crusoe’s island, the explorers are now oheered by the daily visits of numerous travellers of all ranks and nationali ties. The soene la onrlonsly platnresque, Here, grouped together on the vorge of the great Cemetery of Sacred Cats, are the tents of the officers of the Fund; yonder, swarming like bees at. the bottom of tho huge orater-llke depression which marks the area of the temple, are seen 300 to 400 labourers—diggers in the trenobes and pits, basket-carriers clearing away the -mil in it is thrown out, overseers to keep tho diggers at work, “ pathway-men ” to keep the pattis open t and the oarriers moving, gangs cf brawny «Sbayalin," or native porters, harnca icd together by stout ropeB, and hauling . or turning soulp lured _ blooks which have not seen the lighl for many centuries; girlc with bowls of water and spongos, to wipe down the oarved surfaces preparatory to the process of taking paper “ squeezes and small boys to run on errands, help with the measuring tapes, and keep guard over the tents and baggage, With so many hands at work and so many overseers to keep thorn going, it is not wonderful that the exoava io.us make rapid progreee. The two large pita which wore opened last season are now thrown into ono, and are being enlarged from east to west, following the axiB of tho struo ture. The eideB are also being cleared, and before another month Bhall have expired tbe whole temple—of which, apparently, not , ono etono remains upon another—will be visible from end to end. Its entire leDgth Is probably about 700it. or 800Et, • but measurements, of course, are as yet puroly eonjeotural. Wc may remind onr readers that iho pits sunk last season disclosed the site of a grand hypostyle ball, strewn with fallen mono lithic colnmns of the twelfth dynasty workmanship, and a ball witbont columns, but lined as it should seem with elaborate bas-relief sonlpturca represent ing a great religious oeremony, and oontainiog tone of thousands of n.inntely execuled hieroglyphic Inscriptions. The columns of urebitraves of hypostylc-hall, though of an earlier period, are emblazoned with the ovals of Ramoses II. The insorip tlous of the festival ball commemorate Osorkon II., of the twentysecond dynasty, and his Queen Karoama. Besides tho two historical landmarks thna determined, various blocks boaring tho names of Usertesen III. and Fepi Merira, testified to tho existence of the edifioe not only in the days of tbe first great Theban Empire, but in the very remote age of tile Pyramid Kings of the Gth dynasty. At the same time, a small tentative exoavation at the western extremity of the Bite yielded the name and titles of Nectauebo I, of the 30<h and last native dyna ty. Suoh being the outcome of but four weeks' labour at the olose of the season In 1887, it seemed reasonable to hops for Important results when the excavations should be rssumed. This hope is being more than fulfilled ; and every week—it might almost be said every day—yields some new and valuable liuk iu tbe chain of hiatorio evidence. A third hail, 'dating from the reign of Osorkon I,, has now been found belweo- tho hypostyle hail of Bameaes II. and the festival hall of Osorkon II. The roof was supported by two lame columns with palm capitals, and the walls were soulptured with bas-relisfe on a large scale, representing Ooorkon I. in the aot of worshipping Bias and other deities of the city. Eistward— that is to say, at the end by wbloh the temple was entered—two parallel trenobes have revea'ed the site of a oolonnade; and here the base rf a statue of Neotanob ■ I, has been fonnd ; thus showing that he made additions o both extremities of ibe structure. The western end, now in oonrse of exoavation, appears to be of great width but lie length is as yet nol ascertained. That It contains theaanotnary may be taken for granted, »nd the sanotnary it probably the work of JNeotanebo. Unlike meat Egyptian temples, the great temple of Bast dors not appear to have been protected by one of these m-ative ornde brick walls which rendered the temples of Karnak aud Tanis as impregnable as fortreases. Heros dolus express y states that It wa« ear roanded by a 'Mow wall having figures engraved upon itand this low wall, like the splendid roreen running ronnd the great temple ol Edfoo, was eviden-ly of s'one sculptured in bas-relief Like the rest of the bntlding, it must have been of red granite, and we may hope that some portions of it may yet be disooveitd. The Babastites, at all event", seem to have been too proud of 'heir famous temple to mask Its beauties by a oirouit of unsightly ramparts. So moah for the progress made In excava ting the diejeota membra of the bailding ; the " finds, however, are yet more note worthy. That Bubastls was the site of an im portant Hyksos settlement It what no one suspeoted; bat It is a fact conclusively established by the work of the present a- ason. Two blaok eranite statues (one un fortunately he-dlus) of the unmlstakeabl" Hyksos type, tbe lower half of a seated statue of an unknown king, also of Hyksos work, and a fi e red granite arohitrave en graved with th- oartonehe of Apepi, the most famous of the Hyksos rulers, have been discovered, all tear together within the last three weeks. The first fonnd of the b'ack granite pair ft hue described In one of the weokly reports despatched to the com mittee of the Egypt Exploration Fund bv M. Naville :— * " In digging to the aonthward of the Hall of Ororkon I, we found first the headdress of a ooloisal statue In black granite, the head broken jnst a> the level of. -he eyes, [ and presently tbe lower part of ' the face. The Ielt cheek and the beard are damaged, bnt Ibe right aide la perfeot, and the two halve* fit each other exactly* The type of tne face U Hykfloa ; ihe sunken oheeks and the projeotlDg mouth being exactly like thoae of the Tania sphinxes, The headdress teethe neras,’ with the urieuB. The base and feet of this atatuo are still lying at Ihe bottom of a deep pool, whence they will have to be hauled out when the water has some, what subsided, ^ A statue of a Hykos King wearing the insignia of Egyptian Royalty is certainly unique,” The companion etatuo (headless) was found on y ton days ago, also in a pool of water. Oaorkon II, haa engraved hia ovals on the^ aide of the throne on wbiah the a-stae 8itB, and hao erased thoae of Raraesos XI, which that Pharoah had out upon the front, beside tho right leg of the statuo, having himBolf oraBed tho names of the ortginul owner, whomsoever bo may have been. As theao statues were found noar the architrave of Apepi, it ia pr« bablo enough that they are portraite of that king. °fchor HykBoa statue, broken off at the waist, is yet moro remarkable. Mr Havllle wrltoa, under date 18;h March Our most important discovery up to the present time waB made yesterday morniog. I had noticed on Friday the corner of a block of polished blaolt granite which I thought might belong to Porno good monument, and I had it unearthed yesterday, It proved to bo the lower half of a life size figure of very beautiful workmanship, with two columns of fiuoly-out hoiroglypha engraved down each side oi the front of the throne to right and left of tho legs of the statue. These inscriptions give the name and titles of an absolutely unknown King, who, Judging from the work, mast belong to the Hyksos period, or, at all ev-nts, to one of the obscure dynasties pro oeding the Hyksos invasion. I forward e copy of the inscriptions. One cartouche contains a sign which is quite now to me, and whioh I therefore cannot decipher. The other reads «Ian Ra* or 4 Ra-ian'-a name unliko any I have ever seed, He (a do* scribed, most strangely, as the worshipper ol hiB Ka (i e.f his ghost or double), . , , Since writing the above, I have beer over to Boulak, and have shown m\ Qapy of tho inscriptions to Ahmed Kemal 1?°. Efiendi, tbe Mahomed an offioitv attached to the museum. He was deeplj mtoieated, and said at onoe, ‘That lathe Pharaoh of ^Joheph, All our Arab booki oall him Reiyan, tho son of El Welld. > Hi then wrote the name for me in Arable which I enclose herewith. For my own pari I .now nothing of Arab litsrature or Aral tradition. I should not, however, be die po»ed to attaoh much weight to this ourioui oainotdenco. Still, it ie ourioui, aot aertaiuly mteresting," ®a°h Ja M, Navllle's account of thi remarkable itatae, whioh is now drawiDi crowds of visitors to Tell Basta. and hai just bean photographed by Emil Brogsol Boy, loader of the Boulak Museum, and ai accomplished photographer, The photo graph gives a front view of tho innorlbec throne with the legs and foet of tho statuo It also shows the left thigh, foreshortenei mlln tho atr,PBl1 '* ehenti,” or foldoi kilt Tbe mutilated Angers of tho left ham are seen res iug on tho loft knee, Thi modelling of the knees and leg, is admir abte, and the hieroglyphs are brilliantly dot tbe king, in additiou to his oartouohos being styled tho «• Good God," and thi “ Son of Ra." The name, as pointed out by M. Navillo may be read with tho syllable "Ra" ai either a prefix or a sufiix—as, for lustanos It,men and Raenneer may with equal pro priety be rondered as Morira and Usoreora Whether wo take it as “ Ian-fia " or " Ita lau,” the name of this new King has t strange, barbarin aspeot, and looko like at attempt at writing • a foreign name it Egyptian oharaoters. That it oxaoth transliterates the " Er-Reiyjin " of Aral tradhion cannot ho denied; but I moat be remembered that Oriouta tradition is notoriously untrustworthy, and that the Arub narao g.ver to Joseph's Pnaroah ib evidently at apperlative, boing prooeded, like that of bit father, by tbe artiale. Arab writere ol Egyptian history are, in faot, much upon t p^r with the authors of the Arthurian oyolt and the tales of the Paladins of Charlei mogne. Cradled in .n atmosphere of super sfejtion, they beheld all things through a mirage of romanos. They regarded the monuments of anofent Egypt as works of itJugfo, and the Pharoahs who built them as mighty soroerers; and if here and there a thread of genuine local tradition be interwoven with the fabulous tissue of their narratives, the whole is so olearly nnhistorloal that we must despair of ever definitely separating the true from the falBO. Joseph is tho beloved hero of a multitude of Arab legende and where the Biblical narrative of hie life fails to aupuly any speoial detail, Buoh as a proper name, that detail is unhesitatingly drawn from. purely Arab eouraeB, Thus Potiphar's wife beoomea Zuloika, and ho anonymous Pharaoh is introdoced a* an Amaloklto Prince named Er Reiyan the son of El Welld, That ihi stranger hordes whioh invaded Egypt under the leadership of the Hyfesoa may have inoluded -n Amaleklte contingent Is not Impossible; for tho Amalokites of old were a mighty nation, and their territory bordered upon Egypt. But If we turn to the pagea of El Makrizi—a sober wrl er. worthy of ail credit when dealing with the topography of Cairo and snob other subjects aB oame within his knowledge and observa tion—we at onoe seo how little a fairly trustworthy Arab may be trusted when hia only Bouroea of Information are the legends transmitted by Mb own oonntrymen. Having related how the Amalekitea, led by Welld, son of Darn!’ Invaded Egypt, thoo ruled by "Aymenol Kona," and slew the Egyptians " with an exceeding great elaughter," he goes on tc say that the followers of Welid ohoee him to reign over them, and that his role lasted for 100 years. “And he went forth to attain the sources of the Nile, and he baheld the Mountains of the Moon, and he w,e absent for forty years." He then returned to Egypt, and again subdaed Pharoah Aymen. who again opposed him." "And Pharaoh Aymen fled, and Welid reduoed the people of Egypt to slavery, and roled over them for 120 years till he perished. . . . A .d hi, son Er Reiyan, the son of El Welid, the eon of Dumi, one of the Amaleklte, reigned ; and be was one of the most powerfol of the people of the esrth in his time, and the greatest King, liowkhe Amalekitea were descended from Am'ik, son of Lind (Lnd). son of S im (Shorn), jon:of Nua (Nnah)j and Er Reiyan wm the Pharaoh of Joseph, on whom be peaoe. . , And It is said that the Par-oh of Joseph was the grandfather of the Pharaoh of Moses, hie father’s father, and hfa name wa« Barkhu ; and ho was lofty of atatnrs and beautiful of oonntenanoe, And after him r'igned his son Darlnrnsh, and he is alto oalled Darlm, eon of Er Reiyan, and be was the fourth Pharaoh, and Yuanf (Joseph) was hia Khalifa.” Brief as this extraot is, it suiHoes to show the fanolfol charaoter, the glaring contra dictions, and the otter valoelessnesa of Egyptian history when written with tho reed pen of the Arab obronioler. Tbe invasion of the. Amalekives— baaed perhaps on some vague memory of the Hyksos conquest—vanishes into tbe region «f fable, and tbe vlo orious priooes whose family-tree begins with Noah, take their place among the shadowy heroes of the Thousand and One Nights That the learned and courteous Ahmed Kemal-ed Deen Efiendl (who Is, be it observed, the only Oriental Egyptologist Id tbe world, and a good hieroglyphio scholar), should have reoognised the Muslim name of Reiyan iu that of tbe unknown Hyksos king Is a plotnreeqne Inoldenl whlob at once appeals to our imagination, but thede duotion is one whioh Eur-pe-n soholars are bound to receive witn extreme reserve. In the meanwhile It must be conceded that the letter-for-letter tdenti'yof the two names Is, to eay tho least of It, very extraordinary. We must not, however, forg-t that “ R.-ian" ■nay with equal correctness ha read " Ian-Bi," and “ Ian-Ra" is eurinnelr like the name of the Hyksos " Iannas" or " Janlas," who, to a long qnofa> tlon whfoh professes to be given ver batim from Mabetho by Josephus (answer la Apt p, Bank I., teotlon 14), is sold to have reigned for fifty years and one month, an^ V ^ave been successor of Apophia ana the predecessor of Ae&ifl.; It would be unreasonable to doubt thatlannaa fa as truly au nfatoriool porsouage as Apepl, and it is as least posaible that I annas and Ian«Ra may be one and the same. That Joseph served a Hyksoa king has long been accepted by the majority of Egyptologists as a very Pr°°a”*0 hypothesis, both chronologically JJJJ*, ,om the- internal evidence of the Biblical narrative, Other disoavcrlcs, Scarcely less interesting, nave rewarded the labours of the fortunato oxplorera. The fact that the ISth Egyptian dynasty—the famous dynasty of the Inothmes and Amenhotep Kings—should havo loft no traces of their power In the great cities of the Delta, has long been a puzzling problem. Wiihin the last tbreo weeks, however, two life-size statues of a sarlbe of that period havo been found Ihougli otherwise porfeofc thoy are unluckily headless. Tho figuroa Bit cross-legged, each no ding^ a half-unrolled, papyrus Forob upon his lap, his name and titles being engraven on tho soroll, From these inscrip tions wo learn that his name was Amenho* I top, and that he was styled “tho Prince, the groat friend who loves his Lord, the Chief of the Works of hla King and of tho Provinces, and of tho Marshlands of the North.” Ho woara a loose garment secured by braces, and on the brooah**liko ornament whiohi'connects the braces, as well as upon hia right shouldor, is engraven tho car touche of Amenhotep HI. Khuonaten, the disc - worshipping Pharoah, who succeeded Amenhotep III., and founded the city of Tell-el'Amarua, is also repre sented by a sculptured fragment containing the sacred oval of Aton-Ra, the deity of tho disc. These objects are of great historical moment, inasmuch as they show (1) that the temple of Bast, after being enriched by tho Hykflos Kings, and before being rebuilt by Rnmeais II., was yet flourishing in the time of the Restoration ; and (2) that the disc-worship promulgated by Khuonaten extended to tho Delta. Till now it has been traced no farther northward than Memphis. Among oCher valuable finds bearing upon 1 the historical continuity of the tomplo may bo monlioned a oolossal head and torso In red granite, inscribed with the ovals of Ramoses II. (10;h dynasty), und a bln ok granite statue of this King, of heroic size, th> striped head-dress coloured alternately amber and blue, the hands roBticg on the knees, and bearing the following inscription:—“As long as the world shall last, thy monuments will pros per, 0, King Raineses.” This fine statu« is broken in two, but is other wise uninjured, There have also been found (1)' a head and torso of a standing king in red granite, probably Ramoses VI (20th dynasty); (2) a Bmall basalt Btatne of a Saite prleot bearing the oartouahes of Aprles, the Biblical Hophra (26th dynasty); (3) a beautiful fragment of a statue of Neotanebo I, (30th dynasty); (4) two Greek inscriptions on bl&ok; granite dedi> oafcecl to Ptolemy V. and Queen Cleopatra I,, by ooe Apollonius, son of Theon, who styles himself •* one of the King’s friends ; “ thus oarrylDg on tho his 'ory of the temple to the second century no. A very important inscription on a block belonging to the (estival hall has also turned up, giving tho date of the festival, whioh, strangely enough, proves to havo boon held in honour of the Theban god Amen, in the twenty-seaond year of tho reign of Osorkon II., on “the first day of the last month of Shu,” the season of inun dation. M. Navillo writes :— “ But what is most extraordinary is the vast number of colossal statues whioh must have crowded tho temple before tho featival hall was builc, nearly all such as were of red granite having been cot up wholesale by Oiorkon for building blocks. We constantly discover passages of the festival inscriptions on fragments of statues whioh have been built into the walls ; and it Is not at all un usual to find part of a saorod boat which is being carried in prooesslon upon priests’ shoulders, on one side of a block, and on the other aide a head of Raineses II.—sometimes defaced, but sometimes in a fair state of preservation. So little did the kings of Egypt respect the images of their preaecea Suoh are some of the splendid results of the explorations carried on by M. Naville, assisted, as last year,’ by Mr. F. Llewellyn Giiffith and Count d’Hulst, during tho last few weeks at Tell Basta; and tho ^oaaon is not yet over. Who shall say what new treasures the next month may not bring fci* light, or what new facts connected with the obscure but deeply Interesting Hyksoa period may not ba in store for us? Except only the great temple of TaniB, exoavatod by Marietta some twenty-eight years ago, no Egyptian roin upon so aolossal a scale has been systematically explored, or has yielded so rich a harvest, 