SPORTING. THE TURF. Broken-hill Jockey Club Races commence to-day and concludo ou Saturday. ' Owners and trainers tvro again reminded that general entries for the spring meeting of tho Dubbo Jockuv Club renniro to uu nmdu uC A tun. to-day. Non-acceptances mu-it bo declared at tho sumo timo lor tho big handicaps. Weights for Woliuiigong Turf Club handicaps fall duo tuis attoruoon. o'.Iano, tho winner of tho Selling Galloway Baco at tho Driving Park mooting yesterday afternoon, only realised £10 when put up to miction, the whole of which went to the olub, Had tho inspector for cruelty to animals been at the Driving Park meeting yesterday afternoon ho would have had a good case ngainsl M, RUcy, who rode Minnie Ha lia in tho run oil' for the Galloway Humlicup. The way this boy flogged the mure when winning appeared hopeless was strongly commented upon, and he well deserved the reprimand given him by the stewards. i'lannoiy, who rode Bando in the 13 Hands Pony Race yesterday, was lined £1 for Lcihg late at scale, that being the only one inflicted during tho alter- uooti. Tho following wore tho winners at tho Sydney Driving Park Club's moisting yesterday Mr. W. Haines, £35 ; Mr. J. Thompson, £30 : Mr. \V. Foul- sham, £-0 : Mr. II. R. Harris, £15 ; Mr. G. 0. Hall, £3 ; and Mr. I'. Hill, £2 ; makiug a total of,£l05. Thero'W.is very little betting at tho rooms yester day, and prices rcmaiu unchanged, except that riutareh bus hardened for tho Cuulfield Oup and 10 to 1 is now cilllcalt to obtain. Carbino, the V.R.C. Dcruy candidate, lias left Flcmington lor Caullled. Ou Tuesday last, at the Newmarket (England) Second October meeting, tbo Ccsarewitch Stakes, a handicap of 25 sovs. each, lO.forfcit, or 6 only If de clared, with 600 sovs. added, was run, Mr. P. Amnout's b filly Tcnebrcuec, by Monrle or Saxifrage— -Now Star, A yrs., being first ; Mill Stream, by Wisdom — Mill Race, second ; and Traylcs, by Restless — Miss Mabel, third. The winner, it willbc remembered, won tho Grand Prix du Paris lust year, but the other horses have-not been credited with a wluulng bracket. There wero 23 starters, Elsewhere appears tho list of entries for tho Summer Cup, to be run on December 26. Thoy total 32,67 boing made at the olUcc of tbo A.J.U., tho re mainder being iroiu Melbourne ; but ns four of these belong to tho Hon. Jumos White, it cannot be said that the tistcr colony supports racing on this side to any extent. Owners here are liberal indeed in sup porting races in Victoria; but there is this to bo said— that thoy generally get most ot the plums of the pudding, wnereas their horse3 have not very good luck here, possibly because they are not equal to ours. Last year the number entered toadied Gd, so that there is an advantage of 17 in tills year's favor. Mr. Gannon is responsible for six, Mr. W. Kelso coining next with one less. The quality is of the best, com prising us it does the host horses iu the colony, and it is to be hoped that when the day arrives which shall decide the uvcut a largo fieid may be at tho pest, for the distance, one mile uud u-huif, is within tho com pass of u lnrgc number of horses. l'roin Melbourne come word that the Caulficld Cup candidates, Dick Swiveller and Chicago, will com plete their preparation at Brighton. Our files bring particulars of tho July-August meeting ot the Bangalore (India) races, at which Australian horses were amongst tbo most successful performers, liuho opened by winning tho Soiling Race, and Assurance carried 8st. Rib, home ill front for the Stewards' Cup, iu which the rutiner-up was the Euglish maro Victoria, bst. Ulb., but the latter subsequently turned tho tables by appropriating the Goioniul Stakes with 8st. 71b., Assurauco being 6ccoud with fist. iulb. At Calcutta Sky Races, Far North (into Torn) won too Bony Race, aud another Wakr, Badminton, list. 71b., pulled oil tho August Stakes. Tlic Ghost addud the Acot Stakes to his lilt, beating Cupoln, Lightning and others, and The Gift lUst. 7ib., and Llttlu Dan annexed botweon them tho Goodwood Cup utul Jumping Competition ; the whole curd, with the excuptiou ot the smallest event, going to colonial- bred hOlSC£. Mr. C. B. Lowe writes that he has sold, iu conjunc tion with Mr. T. S. Clibborn, the blood horse Melanloti to Mr. F. J. Gibson, of Uoidy Greek, iuverol). Algeria, dam of Algerian, has dropped a -line fiily foal to Goldsbrough. Tho committee of TattorsaU's Club had the question of bets concerning tho Miunio and buiullly dispute bofore them again ou Tuesday evening, but for some unacoouutab.o reason it was postponed till a future occasion. From New Zealand files lb appears that on October 2, at the Huwkcs Bay meeting, Mauton, by Musket— Tres Deuce, won the Guineas, vuluo 300 sovs., with a sweepstake of HI sovs. added, the second being the much-thought- of brother to Trenton, Cuirassier, lor ' which 3U0U sovs. was offered a short time ago, Leo pold, by Looliuus— I.ovobird, beiug next. The race was won by little more than a head, the same distance separating second aud third. Theru were eight Ktartors, and the mile occupied lmiu. -Nflae. On the second day, iu the Spring. Handicap, mile, value 2? 5 sovs., Leopold, 7st., gob homo a length iu front of Manloo, who was conceding Gib. to the winner, Furtucr boing third. Tho racu is described as beiug a particularly inteienlng cue, the wmnor being "all out" Tue record, t'miti. 4-1 sec., must be con sidered slow, unless the course is a bad ono for mukiug time. .The horses under the charge of James Mayo, con sisting ot Lockslcy, Cardigan aud fitockwelt, will not leave until early next week. Tho I'atiick's Fluiiis races have been postponed on account of tho rain till to-duy and to-morrow. Thursday has been proclaimed a public holiday in the distriot of I'atriek's l'lulns. "The exorbitant duties on silver nlato." savs the "Indian Planters' Gazette," " choked Lord William Bcrcsford off taking all his racing cups home, but he managed to weigh iu with a really fine nud large silver-gilt and enamel jewel box. erst the property of Queen £oup Plate of Muuduluy, but wnieli will now grace the toilet tabic of England's future queeu." The same authority lias the following : — " Tho Cittils bus arrived with 17 of Mr. \V cokes' racehorses. Tho pick of the lot is the brown colt Success, bv Emula tion— Ayncauora, A yrs„ who won three races last year, lie has hit one of his hind legs, but tbo injury is ouly slight. We hardly think he is good enough for lirst-class races iu India, but iu some of the miuor events and iu liaudieaps he is likely to ruu prominently.'' Professional trainers and jockeys are required to apply lor their Eaddling-paduock tickets for Moore- field Races not later iliun J p.m. on Friday. In connection with tho Melbom-ue Hunt Club meeting, which took place at Fieiniugcon on Satur day, the following amounts wero won Mr. W. S. HiokcuhoUuun, £2U0 ; Mr. S. Nathan. £170; Mr. S. Miller, £170; iMr. W. Lang. £100; Mr. L C'. Pender, £100 ; Air. J. T. Caisluke. .CluO ; Mr. AL Jacobs, £50 ; Mr. W. Leek, £30 ; Mr. W. A. Mouzies, £30 ; Mr. D. Muuro, £25 ; Mr. P. T. Ilcywoofi. £-'». St. Mary's Jockey Club race? are fixed fur Novem ber 17th, but as it ciafiics with the Sydney Driving Park aud Newcastle meetings cau expect little but local support Anioug the few good things the Indian turf claims possession of is a Racing Calendar, and it will be found utimiueniiu benefit in warning the numerous clubs against defaulters, itc. The new rules of racing auri the rules relating to lotteries, butting nud defaulters came into operation on August 1, and set forth that " the programme of auy meeting to which the rules apply must be submitted to and approved by the Turf Club before it is published." The unpaid forleit list, which has been issued, is rather a lengthy one amt includes tho Australian bred horses, Fusilier, Shot- over, Sylrunus aud White .Star. The following amusing par is from a Madras paper " The dculh of tbiec horses in tho Jumtpure stable made the owners so nervous that Dr. Kymons was sent up pest liasce from Calcutta to sou if ho could put a uauie to the disease which hud so sud denly killed the unfortunate victims, but the local domes haviug eaten the def uuct gee gees there was uot much reliable data to work u report on." In connection wit li tho opening meeting of the Moorelleld lt.ioiug Club special trains will leave licd- fern Station for ivogarah at 12.5 and 12.40 p.m. ou Saturday, returning immediately after the last race. 