THE ARGONAUTS OF N«»KTIl LIBERTY. HY BRKT HAUTE, Au'li'i of ' iiii- tuck of lioarirg Can-.; ' "The lit in . t rutii'i lirf r," ' in tile C&iqiiiuez; &C.; CHAPTER VIII. VIH Demorest was so fascinated by the L--n;iibi>y nf Dofu Rosita Pico and her r D.aii'ic memories that Bhe prevailed upon that hca;t biokm, but scarcely attenuated JDUI J: lady, to prolong htr vwit beyond the forti.ight she bad allotted to communion with the For a day or two following her tionulir exiM- rience in the garden, Mrs. Dtmore6t jilitd her with questions regarding the apparition she had seen, and finally extorted from her the admission that she could not positively swear to its being the real Johnson, or even a perfectlyconsistent shade of that faithless man. When Joan pointed out to her that such masculine perfections as curling raven locks, long silken mustachios, and dark eyes were attributes by no meaiiB exclusive to her lover, but were occasionally seen among others less favoured and even equally dangerouB Americans, Dofil £oaita assented with less objection than Joan anticipated. "Besides, dear," said Joan, eyeing her with feline watchfulness, "it is four years since you've seen him, and surely the man has either shaved since, or else he took a ridiculous vow never to doit, and then he would be more fully bearded." But Dofia Bosita only shook her pretty head. "Ah, but he have an air—a something I know not what yon call—so." She threw her shawl over her left shoulder, and as far as a pair of soft blue eyes and comfortable pacihc features would admit, endeavoured to convey an idea of wicked and gloomy abstraction. " You child," said Joan, "that's nothing; they all of them do that. Why, there was a stranger at the Oriental Hotel whom I met twice when I was there—just as mysterious, romantic, and wicked looking. And in fact they hinted terrible things about him. Well, BO much so that Mr. Demorest was quite foolish about my being barely civil to him— yon understand—and" She stopped suddenly, with a heightened colour under the fire ot Botita's laughing eyes. "Ah—eo—Dona Discretion 1 Tell to me all. Bid onr hoosband eat him ?" Joan's features suddenly tightened to their old Puritan rigidity. " Mr. Demorest has reasons—abundant reasons—to thoroughly understand and trust me," she replied in an auBtere voice. Bosita looked at her a moment in mystifi oation and then shrugged her shoulders. The conversation dropped. Nevertheless, It is worthy of bong recorded that from that moment the usual familiar allusions, playful i and serious, to Rosita'e mysterious -visitor i began to diminish In frequency, and finally • ceased. Even the news brought by Demorest of some vague rumour in the Pueblo that an I intended attack on the stage coach had been frustrated by the authorities, and that the vicinity had been haunted by incognitos of j both parties, failed to revive the discussion. ' Meantime the slight excitement that had stirred the sluggish life of the Pueblo of San Buenaventura had subsided. The pozado of 8ei"i or Mateo had lost its feverish and perplexing dukl life;' the alley behind it no longer was congested by lounging cigarette smokers; the compartment looking upon the silent palio was unoccupied, and its chairs and tables were empty. The two Deputy Sheriffs, of whom Senor Mateo presumably knew very little, had fled; and the mysterious Senor Johnson, of whom he—still presumably —knew still less, had also disappsared. For Sefior Mateo's knowledge of what had transpired in and about his Posada, and of the character and purposes of those who {requested it, was tinctured by grave and philosophical doubts. The courteous aud dignified scepticism generally took the formula of quien sake to all frivolouB and mundane enquiry. He would affirm with strict verity that his omelettes were unapproachable, his beds miraculous, his aguardiente supreme, his bouse was even as your own. Beyond these were questions with which the simply finite and always discreet bom an Intellect declined to grapple. The disturbing effect of Sefior Cor win upon a mind thus gravely constituted may be easily imagined. Besides Ezektel's inordinate capacity for useless or indiscreet information, It was undeniable that his patent medicines had effected a certain peaceful revolutionary movement in San Buenaventura. A simple and superstitious community that had steadily resisted the practical domestic and agricultural American improvements, BUCcumbed to the occult healing influences of the Panacea and Jones's Bitters. The virtues of a mysterious balsam, more or less illuminated with a coloured mythological label, deeply impressed them; and the exhibition of a circular, whereon a celestial visitant was represented as descending with a gross of Rogers' pills to a suffering but admiring multitude, touched their religious sympathies to such an extent that the good Padre Joad was obliged to warn them from the pulpit of the diabolical character of these heresies of healing—with the natural resnlt of yet more dangerously advertising EzekieL There were those too who spoke under their breath of the miraculous efficacy of these nostrums. Had not Don Victor Arguello, whose respectable digestion, exhausted by continuous pepper and garlic, failed him suddenly, received an unexpected and pleasurable stimulus from the New England rum, which was the basis of the Jones Bitters! Had not the baker, tremulous from excessive aguardiente, been soothed and sustained by the invisible morphia, judiciously hidden in Blogg's Nerve Tonic? Nor had the wily Ezekiel forgotten the weaker sax in their maiden and maternal ' requirements. Unguents, that made silken their black-but somewhat coarsely fibrous tresses, opened charming possibilities to the Scfioritas; while soothing syrups lent a peaceful repose to many a distracted mother's household. The success of Ezekiel was so marked as to justify his return at the end of three weeks with a fresh assortment and au undiminished audacity. It was on his second visit that the sceptical, non-committal policy of Senor Mateo was -sorely tried. Arriving at the posada one -night, Ezekiel became aware that his host was engaged in some mysterious conference "With a visitor who had entered through the ordinary public room. The view which the scute Ezekiel managed to get of the stranger, however, was productive of no further dis- iI eovery than that he bore a faint and disreputable resemblance to Blandford, and was handsome after a conscious, reckless fashion, with an air of mingled bravado and conceit. Bat an hour later, as Corwin waB taking the cooler air of the verandah before retiring to cue of the miraculous beds of the posad i, he {i waB amazed at seeing what was apparently ' Biandford himself emerge on horseback from the alley, and after a quick glance towards the verandah, canter rapidly up the street. Ezekiel'8 first impression was to call to him, but the sudden recollection that he parted Irom his old master on confidential terms only three days before in San Francisco, and that it waB impossible for him to be in the PueUo, stopped him with his fingers meditatively in his beard. Then he turned in to the jiosaaa, and hastily summoned Mateo. That gentleman presented himself in a state of such profound scepticism that it seemed to have already communicated itself to his shoulders, and gave him the appearance of having shrugged himself into the room. "Ha ow long ago did Mr. Johnson get here i" asked Corwin, lazily. " Ah—possibly—then there has been a Mr. Johnson ?" This as a polite doubt of his o wa perceptions and a courteous acceptance of his questioner's. " Wa'al, i guesB so. Considerin' I jest BIW him with my own eyes," returned Ezekiel. "Ah!" Mateo was• relieved. Might hs congratulate the Senor Corwin, who must ba also relieved, aud shake his respected hand. Bmno. And then he had met this Senor Johnson? doubtlesB a friend? And he was wtll ? and all were happy 1 " Look yer, Matt&yo; ! What I wanter know ez this. When did that mau who hi? just ridden out of your alley come here? Sale, that—it's a plain question." Ah, surely, of the clearest comprehension. Bueno. It may have been last week—or even this week—or perhaps yesterday—or of a possibility to day. The Sefior Corwin, who was wise and omniscient, would comprehend that the difficulty lay in deciding who was that man. Perhaps a friend of the Sefior Uorwin—perhaps only one who looketl like him. There existed—might Mateo point oat —a doubt. Ezekiel regarded Mateo with a certain grim appreciation. " Wa'al, is there anybody about here who looks like Johnson ?" Again there was the difficulty of ascertaining perfectly how the Sefior Johnson looked. If the Sefior Johnson was Americano, doubtless there were other.Americanos who had resembled him. It was possible. The Sen ir Corwin had observed for a little space a caballero who was here, as it were in the instant of the appearance of Sefior Johnson. Possibly there was a resemblance, and yet Corwin had certainly noticed this resemblance, but it did not snit his cautious intellect to fall in with any prevailing scepticism of his host. Satisfied in his mind that Mateo was concealing something from him, and equally satisfied that he would sooner or later find it out, he grinned diabolically in the face of that worthy man, and sought the meditation of his miraculous couch. When be bad departed the sceptic turned to his wife— "This animal has been sniffing at the trail" " Truly; but, Mother of God, where is the discretion of our friend ? If he will continue to haunt the PrsMe Site aiovc-sisb chicken, he will get Eis neok wrung yet." CollofiaK out aa ingenious idea cf his o vn, Er.ekiel called the nest d.iv on th.5 Dimorests, and in some oc;uls fj-ehiuu obtained an invitation to stay under t:ic:r hospitable roof during his sojjjrn iu iijfuaventura. Perfectly aware that be unci this courtesy more to Juan thau her h;iib»al, it is probable that his grim enjoyment wis not diminished by the fact; while Join, for reasons of her own, preferred the «jnstraint which the presence of another visitir uufc upon Demorest's usoriouenesa. OfUte, too, there were times when Dofii R jaita'a nil ^e intelligence, which was not unlike the embarrassing perceptions of a bright aud halfspoiled child, was in her way, and she would willingly have snared the young lady's company with her husband had Ddiuorest- ehowa any sympathy for the girl. It was iu tha faint nope that Ezekiel might in some way beguile Rosita'e wandering attention that she had invited him. The only difficulty lay in his nncoutbness, and in presenting tc the heiress of the Pico's a mau who had been formerly her own Bervant. Had she attempted to conceal that fact she was satisfied thai Ezekiel's independence and natural predilection for embarrassing situations would have inevitably revealed it. She had even gone so far as to consider the propriety of investing him with a poor relationship to her family, when Dofia Bosita herself happily stopped all further trouble. On her very first introduction to him that charming young lady at once accepted him as a lunatic whose brainB were turned by oocnlt, scientific, and medical study .! Ah 1 she, Bosita, had heard of such oases before. Had not a paternal ancestor of hers, one Don -Diego Castro believed he had discovered the elixir of yoatii. Had he not to that end refused even to wash him the hand, to cat him the nail of the finger and the btur of the head I Exalted by that discovery, had he not been unsparingly CDConjpIimentary to all humanity, especially to the weaker sex? Even as the Sefior Corwin 1 Far from being offended at -this ingenious interpretation of his character, Ezekiel exhibited a dry gratification over it, and even coijceived an unwholesome admiration of the fair critic; he haunted her presence and preoccupied her society far beyond Joan's most sanguine expectations. He sat in open-mouthed enjoyment of her at the table, he waylaid her in the garden, he attempted to teach iher English. Boni Bosita received these extraordinary advances in a no lesB extraordinary manner. In the scant masculine atmosphere of the house and the somewhat rigid New England reserve that still pervaded it, perhaps she languished a little, and was not averse to a slight flirtation even with a madman. Besides, Bhe assumed the attitude of exercising a wholesome restraint over him. " If we are not found dead in our bed one morning, and extracted of oar blooi for a cordial yon shall thank to me for it," she said to Joan. "Also for the not empoisoning of the coffee ?" So she permitted him to carry a chair or hammock for her into the garden, to fetch the various articles which she was continually losing, and which he found with his usual penetration; and to supply her with information, in which, however, he exercised an unwonted caution. On the other hand, certain naive recollections and admissions, which in the quality of a voluble child she occasionally imparted to this " madman" is return, were ia the proportion of three to *>ne. It had been a hot day, and even the usual sunBet breeze bad failed that evening to rock the tops of the outlying pine-trees or cool the heated tiles of the Pueblo roofs. Tnere was a hush and latent expectancy in the air that re-acted upon the people with feverish unrest and uneasiness; even a lull in the faintly whispering garden around the Demorests' casa had affected the spirits ot its inmates, causing them to wander about in vague reBtleseness. Joan bad disappeared; Dofia Bosita, under an olive-tree in one of the deserted paths, and attended by the faithful Ezekiel, had said it was ''earthquake weather," and recalled, with a sign of the cross, a certain dreadful day of her childhood, when el temblor had shaken down one of the Mission towers. " You shall see it now, as he have left it, so it has remain, always," she added with superstitious gravity. " That's just the lszy shiftlessnese of your folks," responded Ezekiel with prompt uagallantry. "It ain't no wonder the Lord Almighty hez to stir you up now and then to keep you goin.'" Dofia Bosita gazed at him with simple, childish pity. "Poor man; it have affecc you also in the head, this weather. So J It was even so with the uncle of my father. Hush up yourself, and bring to me the box of chocolotes of my table. I will gif to you one. You shall for one time have something pleasant on the end of your tongue, even if you must swallow him after." Ezekial grinned. " Ye aint afraid o' bein' left alone with the ghost that haunts the garden, MisB Bosita ?" " After you—never-r-r." "I'll find Mrs. Demorest and send her to ye," said Ezekial, hesitatingly. " Eh, to attract here the ghost ? Thank you, no, very mooch." Ezekiel's face contracted nntil nothing but his bright peering grey eyes 'could be seen. "Attract the ghost," he echoed, "Then jjou kalbilate that its" he stopped, insinuatingly, Bosita brought her fan sharply over hid knuckles, and immediately opened it agaia over her half-embarrassed face. " I comprehend not anything to ' ekalkilite.' Will you go, Don Fantastico, or is it for me to bring to you?' Ezekiel flew. He quickly found the chocolates and returned, but was disconcerted on arriving under the olive-tree to find Don t Bosita no longer in the hammock. He turned into a bye-path, where an extraordinary circumstance attracted nis attention, l'fta air was perfectly etill, but the leaves of a manzanita bush near the mis-shapen cactu9 were slightly agitated. Presently Ezekiel saw the stealthy figure of a man emBrge from behind it and approach the cactus. Beaching his hand cautiously towards the plant, the stranger detached something from one of its thorns and instantly disappeared. Tne quick eyes of Ezekiel had seen that it was a letter, his unerring perception of faces recognised at. the same moment that the intruder was none other than the handsome, reckless-looking man he had seen the other day in conference with Mateo. But Ezekiel was not the only witness of this strange intrusion, A few paces from him Dona Bosita, unconscious of his return, was gazing in a half-frightened, breathless absorption In the direction of the stranger's flight. " Wa'al!" drawled Ezekiel lazily. She started and turned towards him. Her face was pale and alarmed, and yet to the critical eye of Ezekiel it seemed to wear au expression of gratified .relief. She laughed faintly. "Ef thafs the kind o' ghost you hsv about ysr it's a healthy one," drawled Ezekiel, He turned and fixed his keen eyes on Roaita's face. " I wonder what kind o' fruit grows on the cactus that he's so fond of?'' Either she had not seen the abstraction of the letter, or MB acting was perfect, tor she returned his look unwaveringly. " The frait, eh ? I have not comprehend." " Wa'al, I reckon 1 will," said Ezekiel. He walked towards the cactus; there was nothing to be Been but its thorny spikes. He was confronted, however, by the sudden apparition of Joan from behind the manziniia at its side. She looked up and glanced from Ezekiel to Dona Bosita with an agitated air. " Oh, you saw him too?" Bhe said eagerly. " I reckon," answered Ezekiel, with hi3 eyes etill on Bosita. " I was wondering what on airth he was so taken with that air cactus for." Bosita had become slightly pale again iu the presence of her friend. Joan quietly pushed Ezekiel aside and put her arm around tier her. " Are Am you Tftti frightened fri(rlil;i>np.(1 again?" apainV 1 ' she fihfi asked asL-ftii in a low whisper. "Not mooch," returned Rosita, without lifting her eyes. " It was only some peon, trespassing to pick blossoms for bis sweetheart," she said significantly, with a glance towards Ezekiel, " let us go in." She parsed her hand through Rosita's passive arm and led her towards the house, Ezekiel's penetrating eyes still following Bosita with an expression of gratified doubt. For once, however, that astute observer was wrong. When Mrs. Demorest had reached the house she slipped into her own room, and, bolting the door, drew from her bosom a letter which nhe had picked from the cactus thorn and read it with a flushed face and eager eyes. It may have been the effect of the phenomenal weather, but the next day a malign influence seemed to pervade the Demorest household. Dona Bosita was confined to her room by an attack of languid nerves, superinduced, as she was still voluble enough to declare, by the narcotic effect of some unknown herb which the lunatic Ezekiel had no doubt mysteriously administered to her with a view of experimenting ou its properties. She even avowed that she muet speedily return to Los Esos, before Ezekiel should further compromise her reputation by putting her on a coloured label in jilaje of the ueuai Celestial Distributor of the Panacea. Ezekiel himself, who had been singularly abstracted and reticent, and had absolutely foregone one or two opportunities of disassemble criticism, had gone to the PwMo early thit morning. The house was cotft;iari*.ive!y silent and deserted when Demorest walked it.to his wife's boudoir. It was a pretty room looking upon the garden, furnished with a singular mingling of her onn inherited formal tastes and the more eeneuocn'cmourinc; ami olxuuitm of her new life. There wi-.rc o. j>™«t manv rugs ami hangings -eeatttral • in - disorder -aroand the room, a»d apparently purposeless, except for colour ; there was a bamboo lounge as large ue a divan, wich two or three cushions disposed on it, and a lour chair that seemed the incarnation r,f indolence. Oppossd to this on the wall was the rigid picture of her.Rrandfather, who bad apparently retired wicb his volume further into the canvas before the apcetacle of chis ungedfy opulence; a Urge Bible on a fnuereal trestle-like staurl. and the primmest and barest of writing-tables, btfore which the was standing nu at a sacrificial altar. Wjth an almost mechanical movement she closed her portfolio as her huebaod entered, and also ehut the lid of a small box with a slieht6nap. This euggeBted exclueion of him from her previous occupation, whatever it might have been, caused a faint Bhadow of pain to pass across hi9 loving eyes. He cast a glance at his wife as if mutely asking her to sit beside him. bet she drew a chair to the table, and with her elbow res tine; the box resignedly awaited his speech. " I don't esean to disturb yon, darling," he said, gently, "but as we were alone I thought we might have one of onr old-fashioned talks, and"— " Don't let it beBO eld-fashioned as to include North Liberty again," she interrupted, wearily. " We've had quite enongh of that since I returned." " I thought you found fault with me then for forgetting the past. But let that pass, dear; it is notiour' affairs I wanted to talk to yon abont now," he said, stifling a sigh, "it's about yonr friend. Please don't misunderstand what 1 am.going to say; nor that I interpose except from necessity.". She turned her dark brown eyes in iis direction, but her glance passed abstractedly \- over liis head into the garden. " It's a matter perfectly well known to ne —and, I fear, to all onr servants also—that -somebody is making c'andestine visits to our garden. I would -not trouble you before until I ascertained the object of these visits. It is qnite plain to me now that Don* Boaita 4s that object, and that communications ate secretly carried on between her and some unknown stranger. He has been here once or twice btfore; he was here again yesterday. Ezekial saw him and saw her." "Together?" asked Mrs. Demorest sharply. "Mo; bnt it was evident that there was some understanding, and that some communication passed between them." "Well?" said Mrs. Demorest, with repressed impatience. "It is equally evident, Joan, that this stranger is a man who does not dare to approach your friend in-her own honse, nor more openly in this; but who, with her connivanoe, uses us to cajry on an intrigue which may be perfectly innocent, bat is certainly compromising to all concerned. 1 am quite willing to believe that Doc a Bosita is only romantic and reckless, but that will not prevent her (from becoming a dupe of some rascal who dare not face us openly, and who certainly does not act as her equal." " Well, Bosita is no .chicken, and you are not her guardian." There was avpr'-'e heartlessness, more in her voice than it ner words, .that touched him as her cold indifference to himself had never done, and for an instant stung his crushed spirit to revolt. "No," he said sternly, " but I am her father's/i-:end, and' I shall not allow his daughter to be compromised under my xoof." Her eves sprang up to meet his in hatred as promptly as they once had met in love. " And since when, Bichard Demorest, have you become so particular?" she began, with dry asperity. " Since you lured me trom the side of my wedded husband ? Since you met me clandestinely in trainB and made love to me under an assumed name ? Since you followed me to my house under the pretext ol being my hasband's friend, and forced me— jeB, forced me—to see you secretly under my mother's roof? Did you think of compromising me then ? Did you think of ruining my reputation, ot driving my husband from his home in despair ? Did yon call yourself a rascal then ? Did " "Stop J" he said, in a voice that shook the rafters; " I command you, stop !" She had gradually worked herself from a deliberately inBulting precision into a hysterica), and it is to be feared, a virtuous conviction of her wrongs. Beginning only with the instinct to taunt and wound the man before her, she had been led by a secret consciousness of something else he did not know to anticipate bis reproach and justify herself in a wild feminine abandonment of emotion. But she stopped at bis words. For a moment she was even thrilled again by the strength and imperiousness she had loved. They were facing each other after five years of mistaken passion, even as they had faced each other that night in her mother's kitchen. But the grave of that dead passion yawned between them. It was Joan who broke the silence, that after her single outburst seemed to fill and oppress the room. " As far as BoBita is concerned," she said, with affected calmness, "she is going tonight. And you will probably not be troubled any longer by your mysterious visitor." Whether he heeded the sarcastio significance of her last sentence, or even heard her at all, he did not reply, For a moment he turned his blazing eyes full upon her, and then without a word strode from the room. She walked to the door and stood uneasily listening in the passage nntil she heard the clatter of hoofs in the paved patio, and knew that he had ordered hia horse. Then she turned back relieved to her room. It was already sunset when Demorest drew rein again at the entrance of the corral, and the laet stroke of the Acgelus was ringing from the mission tower. He looked haggard aed exhausted, and his horse was flecked with foam and dirt. Wherever he had been, or for what object, or whether objectless and dazed, he had simply sought to lose himself in aimlessly wandering over the dry yellow hills or in careering furiously among his own wild cattle on the arid brittle plains. Whether he had beaten all thought from his brain with the jarring leap of his horse, or whether he had pursued Borne vague and elusive determination to his own door, is not essential to this brief chronicle. Enough that when he dismounted he drew a piBtol from hia holster and replaced it in his pocket. He had juBt pushed open the gate of the corral as he led in his horse by the bridle, when he noticed another horse tethered 1 among seme cotton woods that shaded the outer wall of his gardes. As he gazed the figure of a man swung lightly from one of the upper boughs of a cotton wood upon the wall, and disappeared on the othor side. It was evidently the clandestine visitor. Demorest was in no mood for trifling. Hurriedly driving his horse into the enclosure with a sharp cut of hiB viola, he closed the gate upon him, slipped past the intervening space into the patio and then unnoticed into the upper part of the garden. Taking a narrow byepath in the direction of the cotton woods that cculd be seen above the wall, he presently came in Eight of the object of his search moving stealthily towards the house. It was the work of a moment only to dash forward and stize him, to find himself engaged in a sharp wrestle, to half draw his pistol as he straggled with his captive in the open. But once in the clearer liuht he started, his grasp of the stranger relaxed, and he fell back in bev i>aeriDg terror. ' i.dward Blandford '. Good God !" The pistol had dropped from his hand as he leant breathless against a tree. The stranger kicked the weapon contemptuously aside. Then quietly adjusting his disordered drees, and pickitg the brambles from his sleeve, he said with the air of disdain, "Yes! Edward Blandford. whom you thoughtdeid! There! I'm not/a glioet—though you tried to make me one this time aure," he said, pointing to the pistol. Demorest passed his hand across his white face. "Then it's you—and you nave come here for—for—Joan ?" " For Joan ?" echoed Blandford, with a quick scornful laugh, that made the blood flow back into Demorest's face as from a blow, and recalled his scattered senses, " For Joan," he repeated, "Not much " The two men were facing each other in irreconcilable yet confused antagonism. Both were still excited and combative from their late physical struggle, but with feelings so widely different that it would have been impossible for either to have comprehended the other. In the figure that had apparently risen from the dead to confront him, Demorest only saw the man he had unconsciously wronged—the man who had it in his power to claim Joan and exact a terrible retribution ! But it was part of this monstrous and irreconcilable situation that Blandford had ceased to contemplate it, and in his preoccupation only saw the actual interference of a man whom he no longer hated, but had begun to pity and despise. He glanced coolly around him. " Whatever we've got to say to each other," he said deliberately, "had better not be overheard, At least what 1 have got to say to you." The EDglish and Welsh are the most litigious people in the world, for they have a lawyer or lawyers' assistants to about every GOO of them. The Americans manage to settle their differences with one to every 950, the French with one to every 2,000, and the Belgians with one to every 2,700. "Ma," sighed a piouB little Daniel, "do you know 'what I should like to becjme of me after I die?" "What, Daniel?" asked the fond mother. "Well, ma, I should like to be buried in a big mince pie, and then wake up sudden and have to eat my way out of it into a bright warm room filled with plum puddings," 