Notes on My Beat. I It is to be hoped that the slight differ ence which tbe correspondence in your columns shews to exist between the Maryborough rifle club and the military of tbe town over tbe butts, will be ami cably cleared up, and right quickly too. I dare say there are faults on both sides, but the riflemen are in the minority and must go to the wall, unless it is shewn that tbey have ax much right to flourish as their uniformed brethren. I think that rifle-shnnting should be far more encouraged among us than it is, aud also that the money spent in turning out 100 efficient volunteers would be better spen in encouraging 500 men to accustom themselves to the use of arms. The mili tary, as a whole, are not likely to attain much precision in the use of tbeh weapons, but tbe riflemau, making shoot ing his bobby, having his gun free, and with ready access to the butts, would soon become proficient, and I reckon that an army of marksmen would suou rise among us with little expense. It we do ever have an invader, we shall not do much in open attack, column against column. We must look to so barrassing tbe enemy by a continuous sharpshoot ing that his position on these shores may become untenable. The volunteer would no doubt be useful, but he would not prove himself of any more service than tbe marksman. * * * * * I am sure that since the mining fever started iu Maryborough, fully sixty fresh mines have Bprung up, all of them largely supported by tbe people of this town. Now what does all this lead to ? Mining investment may tend to make things lively for a time, but the unwise virgin who gives her bill at four months ou this spec, and others on other specs, what becomes of her aud ber many partners iu tbe miserable device, when the price falls and they are left stranded, just as the time comes to meet those bills. There ought to be a law passed by which no mining transaction could possibly take place except for cash. Some few would thereby loose a fortune, but absolutely hundreds would be saved from whipping the cat, and perhaps making tbeir fami lies do the same for life. Here then is little Maryborough supporting without any return whatever tbousaudsof miners and others, aud yet the game goes; along merrily enough. I shall be glue1 if I can reach tbe ear of one single speculator, and persuade him tbat if he buys scrip he should only use spare money, that after purchase be should couut the money lost, that be should sell a part of his shares oil the first rise, and if possible hold only those which are left afl-r paying with the others for the cost of the whole. The neck or nothing business meane all blanks and no prizes. Lie in clover with a few hu-1 you will make money, if not iu one case perhaps iu another. At auyrate you stand to loose nothing. The Brisbane B mmirang is not always superior in tone to those papers which it rather conceitedly criticises, and will never become edifying uutil it drops its spurious socialities and silly personali ties. However, it has taken up tbe question of ousting the Chinese from this country most seriously, aud it is a paper which can do much to impress upon the people the all importance of not allowingtbe Mongo lian to dwell with u*. If there is any body more selfish and more blind to the public interests than the person who says ' I see no harm in the Uhinkies, they do a lot of work cheaply that I can't get done elsewhere,' I don't know exactly where to find him. It is not tbe mere handful of Celestials wbicb occupy tbis country just now that we anti-Chiuese fanatics rave about, it is tbe Bystem, tbe loophole which offers relief for the my riads of China. The history of racial immigration has now been too wel' studied for the ordinary uiau not to know that hordes of barbariaus, or of foreigners have arrived iu fresh soil aud conquered it, not so much by sudden invasion, but by a gradual introduction of themselves. Prevention with the Chinese will be better than cure. Our children will have fearful battles to fight unless we mildly but firmly tell tbe Chinese to live, multi ply and rot in tbeir own countries. ***** It will be noticed tbat the Melbourne Centennial Exhibition has established a branch commission in Maryborough, and it is most sincerely to be hoped tbat our town will be splendidly represented in the greatest city of Australia. Attracted by our gold and sugar, our wool and timber, the Victorians have invested mil lions in this colony, and we in Marybo rough have it now in our power to prove tbe immense range and wealth of our mineral, timber, manufacturing, pastoral, agricultural and other resources. We all know how tbe Colonial Exhibition in London, where Queensland made such a dazzling display of minerals, had tbe effect of causing tbe British capitalist to actually prefer mining investments in Queensland to any part of tbe world, even detracting from India tbe immense sums wbicb were to be invested there in gold speculations. Tbe Melbourne Exhibition offers Maryborough an especial cbance to attract to hereelf some of thespare wealth of the lively Victorians, and it is to be hoped that so fine an opportunity to ' blow ' on our own behalf will not be lost by the individuals capable of making a display. ***** I was amused to hear tbe other day, Mr. Editor, tbat one of the unsuccessful candidates at tbe Muni cipal election had stated that if be liked to follow 1t up, be bad good grounds against you for working up an action for slander and libel. (There are two things touching this point tbat f have noticed in this wicked world of ours: —First ttjat a great number of men e,eek 1 public positions and fong to tie tbe cynQ sure of all eyes and yet Ip their hearts they cannot bear to be looked at and, secondly, that -jui teas many persons imagine (bat they have only tp ' say to a newspaper man ' libel ' apfi tbe poor printer tpjll ebrlnli |n(o hi? boots in abject fear apd trejpblipg. gap: pily for the public, P fair criticism, even j showing up some black spots in tbe character of a public man, are allowed the 1 press, for through wlut other channel j call thepublicso well«:»ise the characters j and antecedents -if c.wdidatep. The power of the press does mt lie in record ing news or in abuse, bit iu plain open and truthful speech wh:n such is justly needed. Many a good man has had to make way for a better lecuuse the press has shown up in its true light the com parison. To imagine therefore, that uewspaper people are frightened out of their wits by a constant dread of the Iuii l mention of libel, is the thought of an ignorant man. ***** ! AT Maitland, iu the colony of New Houth Wales, tbey have a co-operative | Baking Company in i. most flourishiuir condition. A 5 pe: cent, dividend was recently declared, aud a bonus of 20 per cent, given to the members who were actual consumers of the company's bread. The profit to the shareholders is not to lie considered be. side the gain to the public. Maryborough is about the worst place in tbe colonies for the supply of bread, fur the article itself is in few cases that crisp and well baked material so easily made with care, and the delivery is usually erratic and late. Not one of the baker Ifrateruity seem to have the pluck to start a really early delivery whereby bot rolls could be had by the public for breakfast. As it is, tbe bread is a flabby damp mass of indi gestible dough, sent round iu a leisurely and unbusinesslike manner by Ibe bakers. Mr. Killie lias had the spirit to get above tbe old leaven and introduce a macbine-kneadpr. aud yet there is much that requires doiug before Maryborough is served with the best broad at the lowest cost. Some years ago a co-operative bakery was talked about, but it all fell through. The people could not, better themselves more than by starting rucIi I an affair in real earnest. I * * * * * The Maryborough Municipal Council, as it now stands, represents the town very nearly as well as can be expected. We may uow expect no disorderly scenes, but quite as much firmness, individual iude' pmideuce and regard for tbe public inte rests as we have had before. The astonish ing thing is that we have allowed our selves to bis misrepresented so long. For some time past the best men in tue town, the ablest to guide our affairs have stood aloof from the Council aud almost scorned to become associated with it, aud per haps some of our leading citixsns are not to tie blamed that tbey should wish to take a back seat in affairs which brought: the idiot smile to tbe face of ttie yahoo aud the blush of shame to the thoughtful ratepayer. The tone nf the Council be„ ing raised it is very lunr.h to he hoped that this stand will be m iiutained in the future. Uuiier such oircuiustauces it will be possible to conceive of some of our best men actually eager to obtain a s'at ou the Board and coveting public esteem as reflected by the municipal poll. Tke following is ' among the books,' aud may be of interest to readers among my readers : — A number of unbound journals aud logs of tbe Resolution aud Discovery during Captaiu Cook's last voyage have recently been found at the Hecord Uificie, 1 where tbey bnve rtppsrently l*iu uun- - ticed by Cook's uunoerouf* editors and biographers. Professor J. K. Iiaugbtoti bas been engaged upon aa examination of theBe interesting relic-', which include at least ten separate accounts of Cook's death, giving some curious variations from tbe accepted narrative. Mark Twain's Library of Humour' will shortly be published by Messrs. Chatio and Windus, uniform with tbe illustrated edition of that writer's 'A Tramp Abroad.' The text will extend to some 600 pages. The 2000th consecutivesermon by the Bev. C. H. Spurgeon, entitled ' Healing by the Stripes of Jesus,' has just been published. That a preacher should have issued a weekly sermon without intermission for the long period of thirty-three years is probably a fact uu preceUentfd in the literature of any country. Among the new novels an nounced for early publicatiou are, ' The Second Son,' by Mrs. Olipbaut ; 11 Four Ghost Stories,' in one volume, by Mr*. Molesworth; and ' The New Judgment of Paris,' from Messrs. Macmillan aud Co. ; and from Messrs. Blackwood 'Countess Irene,' by tho author of ' Caterma.' and a'cheap edition of 'Poor Nellie.' King Oscar IX. of Sweden, who writes under the nomme dc guerre of 'Oscar Frederik,' will shortly issue a volume of minor poems, several of which have never appeared in print before. CONSTABLE X. 