OTJR PARIS LETTER From Our Correspondent. PARIS, 16th .Tune. Even the Peace Society could hardly demand the prolongation of the martyrdom of tlie Em peror of Germany to prop up the instability of Europe. Twelve months of suffering ; and what suffering ! Humanity had long since for- gotten he wns emperor, only to remember he was a death-stricken fellow- creature. His emperor-life work was short, but it has left behind the seeds of good. Though the standard of excellence only reached the germ stage, the growth will not be overlooked nor lost sight of by the nation over which he transieutly and affectionately ruled. The battle lie lins been fighting against death, disputing inch by inch the approach of tho shadow " that keeps tlie keys of all the creeds," has been sublime. Only three months distance between the winding sheets of the father and the sou. AYhat a de mocrat is death. Even a Quaker has not now any belief in the maintenance of pence. AVhile the late Knisers lived one had a robust confidence that the ex pected collision would l>e kept back. Now all that confidence has vuuished like a ghost at cock crow. Utilise what time is left for breathing in the most vigorous preparations for war ; not pre parations for defence, that doctrine has been dis carded for tho newer one— to be able to defend at home while attacking abroad. A nation that cannot keep up to this standard must now go under. The young Emperor lias never dis guised his desire to Hesli his maiden sword ; he is ambitiousfor the pride, pomp and circumstance of war. He is the champion of the German Jin goes, who look upon fighting as the natural duty of man, whether baiting Jews, blowing up African niggers, or rushing at tho throats of European neighbors. He is the representa tive of the Chauvinism which u fears nothing — only God." Tho prevailing impression of the French is that war is inevitable henceforth. The date is not so vague or so distant as heretofore ; it is dependent on the mere settling of alliances, if not with powers, at least with principalities. They are not armies who are going to contend, but armed nations ; not for the glory of a battle, but for firesides and national existence. To be prepared is then an imperative duty; to be ready, a watch word and a salvation. Have you observed the difference in the character, the evolution almost, that the present Em peror has undergone since he visited his father last November at San Remo, and up to his death? In November he appeared as certain to step immediately into the dead man's shoes. Ho tried his imperial wings ns it were. He allowed the future Emperor and master to peep through, not only in his entourage, but in the bosom of bis family. And when Sir Morel Mackenzie, by superhuman skill and exhausting all the resources of science7 kept the august invalid alive till now, tho then Crown Princo became as suddenly metamorphosed, nnd sighed as gently as any suck ing dove. But he never altered in his hostility to -Sir Morel Mackenzie. This practitioner was, first of all, English, his mother's drawback, too. He was only a charlatan and an impostor. But be became more deferential towards his mother, who mode him feel she, at least, was au Empress. He displayed more respectful duty towards his father, who showed lie had an imperial will. It was Bismarck who coached tho Crown Prince to be in a hurry last November. It was the Chan cellor who counselled him to change his tactics when the patient entered on his terrible "struggle for life." Note, too, how quiet the Chancellor has beeu of late; liowhe has abstained from thwarting his master and snubbiug the Em press. The contrary course of conduct would have made the heir appareut and his Chancel lor guide, pliilosopher aud friend unpopular, not alone in the world at large, but in Ger many, which in their eyes was more important. Bismarck know how to play tho waiting game. A few months and tlie moribund master would be at rest, and the young Kaiser would be more pliable in his hands than the aged emperor. All this is what makes the judicious grieve and opinion so uneasy. If Bismarck retreated it was only the better to advance. Patriotism commands that France should watch carefully over her home affairs, so as not to allow them to embarrass her movements in Egypt. Up to tlie present, political parties are devoting all their energies in mutual black- ballings, major excommunications and the exchange of pot and kettle courtesies. There is no chivalry in the expression of political dif ferences, no toleration towards opposing creeds,, no confidence in divergiug views. Charges of inconsistency are hurled at public men by those whose history is made up of only in consistencies ; accusations of infidelity to pro grammes are preferred by censors whose own abandonment of pledged faith is an eyesore and a reproach to political morality. "Stand aside, I am holier thau thou !" is the prevailing Samaritanism,and orthodoxy is my doxy,heteie- doxy every other man's doxy, is the flattering unction applied by politicians to tlieir Pharisai cal souls. The "Revision of the Constitution" raised, but 40U primarily demanded, by General Boulanger still moio than ever keeps the platform. AVTiy ? Because every party claims that as their reform, from right divine Royalists, passing through the several strata of republicanism, down to the varying depths of communism. Yet the unani mous Revisionists shirk the stating of in what their revision consists, and, in tlie case of tho Opportunists and Radicals, who used to boome- raug each other, like ancient Greeks and Trojans, they deolinc to expose " what is under the hat," and still inore fear to naino a day for performing tho revdsion illusion. The Radicals ought to have been tho first iu going straight at the one thing needful. In en rolling themselves under the banner of ex pediency ami vacillation, they lose their raison. fTttre. Thegenernl electionsalonemustdecidefcheques- tion of revision, and candidates must thcu clearly explain what their idea of that revision is. Evidently Royalists, Imperialists, Opportu nists, Radicals and Communists cannot have in tln\t question community either of ideas or of ends. It is chronic equivocation, the want of moral courage to state clearly what politicians desire, that makes the situation confused, nnd practical measures next to an impossibility to carry out. Boulangorisin 1ms done this much good, that it has smashed aiul crashed into all that long standing mess and rnuddlo on which coteries subsisted and wire pullers fattened. The country docs nut believe that Boulanger aims to be Emperor or any similar stuff and nousense. If he be named to any high post, he has as good a right thereto as any other citizen. He certainly need not fear competitors. The nation has now played out nil its reserve politicians— Boulanger can measure himself beside thoir failures, and profit from their break-downs. It lie bo not a genius, like kings, emperors and even president lie may be king in a realm of the blind, where a one-eyed ruler sways. The Floquet Ministry, like its predecessors, exists because some Ministry must be in office to carry on the business of the country, and there is no prospect that tho Parlia ment could produce anything better that would justify n change. This isiiho Madame AugGt view of bowling out a Government. M. Floquet himself 1ms gone down since he went up into office. He has not turned out better- thau tho best, and none were above the mediocre standard. Nor does Floquet's special! y draw, that of indulging in and reeling off high flown sentences, all bubble aud squeak. France is tired after 15 years living on windbagisin The country does not wish to be either legislatively amused or bamboozled. It wants work and value for its money. Tho Floquet Cabinet 1ms produced nothing but the old gamo of promises. The Senate 1ms very properly thrown out the Minis terial scheme for upsetting the statistics of the country, by fixing the commencing date of the financial year ou the 1st of July, not, as now, at New Year's Day. AVhy not the 14th July, "tlie day we celebrate?" This change was merely a blind to cover the absence of the promised financial reforms. Tlie Senate said, Tho change in dates can wait, but what- nro your finauciai reforms? The Government could name none, because it lmd none, to tho current year's budget will be simply the copy of its predecessor, and that the Chamber of Deputies demonstrated its incapacity to deal with, much to the scanda lising of the country. I have nothing new to relate about the Pasteur panacea to clear Australia of rabbits, and possibly, but unintentionally, also of bun door fowl?, to say nothing of what unex- pcctcd maladies might arise, for the microbes , are a very numerous family, ond, like bad luck, - are everywhere. But your other plague— the hiving Chinee, whether heathen or converted— -.-minds a chance of being remedied, and strange, too. tlie proscription i? French. M. Routier, the French Consul of Siam, eulo gises the Siamese Ladies to the seventh heaven, which must be on the fringe of Mahomet's para- disc. As polygamy is tolerated, or rather a patri archal institution in Siniu, the consul must have taken to himself as many wives as a Grand Turk. Be it known that in Siam there is neither wife beating nor divorce courts, nor unchaste spouses nor abductions, nor elopements. Allien n bachelor wants a wife he purchases n fiancee from Iver parents, who in return under take to send her back in case she suffers from nostalgia. She possesses no woman's rights, yet sbe is queen of her home ; alio has full liberty to take her walks abroad, to pay and receive visits, to market and to shop. Her only oppression is that her husband weighs her down with new toilettes -and ornamental jewellery. And she knows so well how to utilise her influence, as not only to' command her husband to love and respect ber, but to fear her — sho the angel of the household and pos sessed of no legal right. According to 31. Routier, no lady 011 the face of the globe can surpass a Siamese wife in the solution of the problem, "How to make home happy." She admits that man is the lord of the creation— a demi-god — but only outside the house. At the fireside lie cannot be too buiuble and obedient. If in liis life he display sagacity and capacity, these accomplish ments are due to tlie counsels of liis wife, and the entire Siamese fair sex will testify to the truth. Tiie wife reclino3 on a kind of rock ing chair under a verandah, smoking ft cigarette, while the husband washes the children, and powders them with saffron to keep away — mosquitos. Further, if he brings home the rice for breakfast he is set to cook it, and advantage is taken of his presence to request him to make up the rooms. And Caliban never protests ; not that he fears his wife's physical strength, but that he stands in awe of her tongue, aud lie will undergo any toil or drudgery to avoid domestic broils. Pity Dr. AVatts did not know this model husband, as he might have dedicated to him his "Let dogs delight to bark and bite," &c.; Between the ages of 12 and 20 the women of Siam are fair to look upon ; they arc graceful and coquettish, aud not prudes respecting flirt ing. But the bearing of all this on Celestials 1 Jolm Chinaman is a natural born trader as he is a gambler, and, say, a gardener. He is so taken with a Siamese wife that lie settles down, leads a Christian life, and, like people of some AYca- tern nations, never goes beyond two olive branches in the obligation to increase aud multiply. John is naturally not chivalrous to his native fuir sex, yet he is a model knight towards his Siamese spouse. He is free to mortgage her to secure his gambling debts, but he never dreams of so employing her— though a Siamese lady can so turn a bad husband into a " material guarantee." Tlie Chinese are notable traders. Now the grand distinguishing quality with ft Siamese wife is her aptness for trade. She is as sharp in a bargain as a Yankee, and as huckster ing in the matter of prices as a Normand gars. If she buys an article — fish for example, or that she catches herself— she is sure to realise shent per shent profit. She is frugal a3 a French housewife. That is tho reason why John Chinaman adores her ; she wins piastres, and both spend them in the country ; they are both — hear it, Australians— enthusiastic admirers of Malthus; when they die they demand to be buried in the locality, and do not exact to have their bones boxed up, and forwarded, this side up with care, fragile, and to be kept dry, to a grand ossuary iu Fatherland. Insist on every Celestial immi grant baring a Siamese wife, and Australia will have no quarrel with the yellow race, and will, bo free to give her undivided attention to making rabbits become as rare as the dodo. Paris had a good Grand Prix race last Sunday. As everyone apparently bet 011 the favorite — the French horse Stuart— stakes had only to he returned, and so there were no losses to ruffle spectators. The day was so fine that Paris seemed to indulge in a "torrential sortie," and took to making hay — the sun did not slune— with tho cut grass on tho grounds in a way not quite accordiug to agricultural rules. The display of toilettes was superb, tho dominat ing colors were white and green ; the grand stand was a dual combination of a picture gallery and a horticultural show, whero the lilies of the field were this time outshone in glory by foulard, tulle, crape, and the accessories that make ladies happy till — they get more. Indeed, tho French Derby — Ascot week has been unusually brilliant, and if tlie "Revisionists" and tlie new Emperor of Germany caused no ennui or anxiety, Paris would overlook a little the money-making side of business being in tlie shallows and purses as' lean as if after quitting a fancy fair. 31\. Hriofc, the owner of the Louvre Monster Shop, lias afforded n little pabulum to the chro- nique scandalcusc. Ho was a widower, and seduced the prettiest of his pretty shop girls, by whom he had two children. He was induced to regularise liis social situation, which he did by marrying his victim. Jealous at her eleva tion the other shop girls bombarded Hiiriot with anonymous letters as to liis wife's antecedents and present friskraess; he was 51 ami she 25 ; he one day looked up her private letters, found Iago proofs, fired three shots at his wife and missed her, but hit his own lungs with another bullet. This is called a " private affair" by the police and " brain fever" by the doctors. However, a man with £120,000 a year from profits on dry goods, with palatial town houses and castles fit tolodgeallthodispossessedmonarchsofthe world has 110 right to bo unhappy, and still less so to make a target of his wife and a laughing stock of himself. He retired from the army in 1879, to succeed his brother (deceased) in conducting this mammoth wholesale and retail softgoods store. It is time he should retire from business — like other monarchs. 