? [BY LAST -MAIL.] < ïi»c' ilM^huis' Wales ,I«:i«îî yf marriagepble age, Padiament, to te asked to settle upon -iivui their portion, A g»M cross pendant, inlaid with pearls and rubies, stated to have been w.»m by Mary Queen of Scots, was sold at an auction in Edinburgh for the sum of £55. So intense is the c<>ld in Canada, that the spray from Niagara has frozen, and has formed a complete ice bridge in front of tbe Falls over which persons have passed. The Queen has sent a gold and diamond locket, containing her portrait, to the infant daughter of the parish minis ter at Crathie, near Balmoral. The child has been named Alexandrin» Victoria. Lord and Lady Granville are becoming anxious about their son, Lord Levison, who swallowed a half-a-crown while conjuring at Christmas. Docîors think that they may have to perform a dangerous operation. A thunderbolt, which fell at Brixton, having been analysed, -was found to consist of forty per cent of iron, forty per edit of sulphur, and a little lime, nickel and silica. The Great Northern Ra'dway are now running carriage? lighted by electricity, A dynamo, with accumulators, is placed in the guard's van and is driven from the axle of the train wheels. Leap year dances, in which ladies usurp the privileges and responsibilities which naturally devolve upon men, are being held in London. The ladies take the gentlemen down to supper. The ex-Empress Eugenie will visit the Queen during her stay at Florence The ex-empress is said to have been greatly affected by the removal of the bodies of her husband and son, and her health is causing anxiety to her numerous friends. The rich costumes worn by the Queen of the Sandwich Islands during her ju bilee visit to England, have been destroyed by the native ladies, who are indignant that their Sovereign should have given herself up to the follies of fashionable England. A terrified stag which was being bun ted by the royal buckhounds, made for Windsor Castle, and actually jumped through a glass window into an apartment used by the Queen. Here the animal, which slightly cut itself, was captured. An Ely tradesman has received letter signed *A Christian,' cnclosin two shillings fioni a Peterborough man who acknowleges to having kept that amount given him in excess by the tradesman when changing a sovereign six years since. A hamper was handed to the guard of a train at Doncaster addressed to the station master at Migley. Upon being opened it was found to contain a living infant wrapped in flannel. The baby was sent to the workhouse. The Queen is to have some permanent memorial of the Women's Jubilee offering, in addition to the Prince Consort statue and tbe Nursery Institution. The ladies of the committee contemplate presenting Her Majesty with a pearl necklace, one of great size and beauty having been pivpaied by a Court jeweller. Her Majesty, having been so often applied to of late by the mothers of triplets, ordered lier secretary to inform a Leigh applicant that ' there i? no such thing as a Queen's bounty. It is merely a charitable donation granted to those who are in poor and indigent circumstances, to assist them to meet the unforseen demands caused by the unexpected addition to the family. A ' ghost ' which has nightly terrrified people in a village, on the outskirts of Shrewbury. has been effectually laid. Fifty villagers set out with sticks and missiles, and succeeded in effecting a capture. The ghost was none other than a farmer. His captors chastised him severely, and he was only released on his handing over £5 for the local inlirmarv bv wav of compensation for his folly. Shocks of earthquakes were Felt about Birmingham and Coventry and in the Scottish Higldands. About Inverness beds are said to have been-rocked and moved, crockeiy rattled, clocks stopped, and many who were awakened experienced a sensation resembling sea-sickness. The shock, which lasted over a minute in some places, was accompanied by a loud rumbling noise. A gentleman, while fishing near Derby, was gored by a bull. He sued the owner of the bull for damages, but the County Court decided against him, because he had not proved the vicious character of the animal. In the Appeal Court a judge has upheld this decision. 