©alfc. The Commercial Bank of Australia Limited has opened a branch at Perth iu the. buildings re cently erected by the National Mutual Life Assurance Society in S. George's Terrace. From numerous sources we have received load OATW nl em tc AC kn t h A d 1 1 nf AVI iiA0c rliciila 11 TT vmxipiaiuvo nc bu iuv> \Auatui iiivoo uiapruj wy the Governmeat In paying their accounts, neg lect which in the present depressed times is often very inconvenient. The last Australasian to hand announces the agreeable intelligence that shares in the W. A. Mortgage and" Agency Gompany, 25,000 of which at £5 each were offered, have been over subscribed, and are being allotted. Fine rams fell last week in and about Roe- bourne. There are indications of heavy thun derstorms to the Eastward of Geraidton, and there have been smart showers in the immedi ate vicinity daring the past week. A Sydney contemporary suggests that Queens- laud be re-named Hadesia aud Western Aus tralia Purgatoria. Another name suggested for New South Wales is Nine Gat Wales ; other suggestions are " Great Scott"-land and Sheol- land. It is stated on good authority that Sir William Robinson will very shortly be appomted Gover nor of Queensland. There is great antipathy in South Australia to the rumoured appointment of Sir. F. N. Broome as Governor of that colony. Mb. James Ferney, of Knnberley, has taken to Melbourne, to be crushed, 2ewt of quartz specimens from the Victoria reef at Mourit Doekrell, on the Ximberley goldfields. The stone is thickly stud ded with gold, and is valued at £600. In consequence of an unforseen delay, the s.s. Australind will not. arrive in Geraidton until Thursday, the 31st inst. ; and according to pre sent arrangements she Will take her departure from Fremantle and Geraidton on her return trip on. the 9th and Ilth February respectively. Amongst the contributions to the Christmas number of the Adelaide Observer is a short and amusing story by Mr. Alexander Morrison, the well-known Perth, Auctioneer and Land Agent, entitled " A Black Ghost." It is our intention shortly to publish a novelette by the same writer. Mb. E. H. Wittenomi has been appointed to act as Inspector of Poisoned Lands in the Geraidton District. Applicants for land under the Poisoned Land Regulations are informed in the Gasette that the Inspector's services can be obtained on the payment of a fee of £2 for each day einployed. During the stay of Miss Amy Sherwin in Adelaide, together with her husband,- Mr. Hugo Gorlitz,. she was the guest of Sir William Robinson, at Government Honse. At a concert at the Town Hall she sang Sir William's latest song, " I love thee so," which was enthusiastic ally encored. Miss Sherwin was serenaded by the LiedertafeL So successful has the Wolseley sheep-shear ing machine been at Koorongah, near Bel fast, that every shed of aoy pretensions in the Western district will, by next season, be pro vided with this new and important invention. We should like to see this valuable invention, in use in this colony. Ton Hales and W. Yeomans, two well-known knights of the pigskin, have dissolved part nership af pastoralists.' and Hales, who retires from the firm, receives £16,000 as Ins portion. Yeomans, who 'is now the sole proprietor, had the bad lack on the day following the settle ment to have a disastrous fire break out on the run. On Thursday last the barque West Australian sailed from Champion Bay, direct for London wiih a full cargo of wooL Captain Broome and Mrs. and-Miss Broome have been exceedingly hospitable during their stay in our port, and their ship has been the scene of many a -plea sant party. We join their numerous circle of friends in wishing them bon voyage, and shall - be glad to see them back amongst us again next year. A native named Podgey was sentenced to death on the 10th inst. at the sittings of the Supreme Court at Rocbourne. He was charged with the murder of a native woman. Larie Nobara. The Malav who stabbed Bell, a pearler, killing him, was sentenced to ten years penal servitude. Rath eri tie Smith, charged with the manslaughter of her infant, was sentenced to fourteen month's hard labor. Our Kiinberley correspondent telegraphed to ua-yestenlay by way of Cossack : — " News from the gold fields is highly favorable. The Lady Broome, Lady Carrington, and Jackson's reefs are. raising splendid stone. It is asserted - that O'Neil's reef has been purchased by a Mel bourne syndicate for £60,000. Experts from Melbourne consider that Kimberley is the grandest reefing field they have seen, and pre dict a great future. The London Daily Telegraph selects Western Australia as the colony to which, in- its opin ion, a stream of emigration should he directed. This, it is argued, would be advantageous to thousands of workingpeop'e in England, while the growth of population in the colony wonld tend powerfully to shape its future constitu tion and policy. Emigration, the writer con cludes, is useless unless systematic, and to render it of this character national aid should not be grudged if necessary. The grape crop this year has been fairly plenti ful, and there has been but little blight. In 3ome localities the-crop is exceedingly good, and we have seen bu >c1 e: from Mr. Davis's station it Tioradden weighing as much as five aud six pounds each, the fruit being as well grown as that which we are accustomed to see in English hot houses. W e regret that more attention is not being paid to viticulture in this district, for which many, parts of it are so admirably suited. A telegram received from Carnarvon yester- lay, states that rains have fallen there. Good rains are reported from Minilya, over two inches having fallen, and the Minilya River has run below Wandagie The weather is tbreaten- ing up the Gascoyne River, and it is likely that very heavy rains have fallen to the Eastward. The barque Kingdom of Saxony with a full cargo left Carnarvon .on Wednesday for England. It s reported tha a quarrel has occurred betw cn some Malays at Sharks Bay, during which ono Malay was shot several iimc9, and is not likely ro recover. It will, be seen that several amateurs of Geraidton propose tendering a complimentary mefit toMr. Alfred Silvester on Thursday ening next, Centenary day. Mr. Silvester is lie of the most accomplished entertainers in his ' wn particular line, who have ever visited AnrfTratSn.j but this colony is not an Eldorado for the travelling; performer, and Mr. Silvester lias not met with the success he deserves. We hope, therefore, to see a bumper house nest Thursday evening. _ , In referring to the fact that Messrs. E. and F. . Wittenoom had taken over the jetty from the former wharfinger, Mr. E.' Keane, we omitted to pay a tribute to Mr. Fnlton for the energetic and capable manner in which he had managed on hehalf iof Mr. Keane. The tribute was well rieserved, and we regret -the omission. Mr. . Fnlton takes over the management of the Walkaway Hotel, of which he is the proprietor, and we hope that he will -meet with success. In the W. A. Catholic Record there have been . appearing a series of highly interesting letters from this district. These have presumably been written from Geraldton, Greenough, and Northampton, bid;, however this may be, they nnmistakeably emanate from the same source, and give the impression of jbeing contributed by an intelligent travelling correspondent. The letters are certainly -of . infinitely greater merit than those which, weekly adorn the columns of the metropolitan journals, and are certainly calculated to better advertise the district. Mb. H. E. Parry, C. E., and Mr. Joshua Mills recently went on an inspection trip to the Yil- g?m HUIh gold field, and the former has sent a lengthy and valuable report to the Director of Public Works. On the whole, we believe, Mr. Parry's report favors the York route, which is as short as that by way of Nortbam, and is easy and well-watered. Mr. Party recommends €he improvement of old dams and wells, and tbe "making of fresh ones on both roads, and states that the road via Noriham presents no engineer ing difficulties for a railway. Ws notice' that the West Australian repro duces a paragraph from the Melbourne Daily Telegraph with reference to . the death of Mr. Xiinnell through injuries inflicted on him by the police in the recent Trafalgar Square riots. In this paragraph the deceased is mentioned as "the main LinneiL" It will donbtiess surprise our Perth and Melbourne contemporaries to learn that Mr. Linnell was an artist, a patriot, and a gentleman, and deserved' in "another sense than that conveyed by the paragraph referred to to be called "the man LinneiL" OUR sporting contributor . writing to ns by last mail, says- "I omitted to give Messrs. Sands and McDougall a word of praise for the excel lent ' correct cards, or rather race-books, which that energetic firm turned out to the coder of the W .A.T.C. They were in the best Melbonrne style, in fact they were exactly similar to the programmes turned out for the big meetings at Flemington, The printing and lithography of this firm a -branch of which has been established for some time past -at Perth, are (uniformly excellent." On Monday evening next the Geraldton Town Council will take in hand the loan question, mud we understand that the -members are unani mously resolved to leave no effort unspared to : float the loan with the utmost despatch. Con sidering tbe small amount of general revenue at ; the disposal of the -Goimcil in view of the large amount of work requiring performance, it is to , Ibe trusted that the Municipality will be success ful in its effoits to float the loan. We under stand that tbe Town Hall question will have to he postponed until a reply is received by the Council from the Govermenfc concerning the suggested exchange -of the grant in Gregory- street for one .more centrally situated, and in other respectsf better suited for Town Hall purposes. connects on with the dispute between the Governor .and the Chief Justice, and recently published official papers, which may be regard ed as one of the outcomes . of that dispute, tbe \- Adelaide -Observer of Dec. 31st, contains a length .and interesting .article. After giving several details which are well known to West Australians, onr South Australian contempor ary says as follows : — "The attempt to treat an English judge as the mere -creature and tool of a Government argues a want of exper ience anda high-handedness of temper which vender -Sir ' F. N. Broome dangerous as a Governor of a Grown Colony, and might lead 8iim into difficulties even in a colony possessed <of an independent Legislature."' At aspeeisl meeting of the Geraldton Town Council held on Monday last, and at which Mr. Inspector Howe was present by. invitation, it' was mutually arranged by the Municipal Coun cil and that officer that a strenuous and de termined -effort be made to put a Stop to cattle straying aboat the sanddrills and the streets of Geraldton, and to all the nuisances which it had been found difficult o cope with in the past. "There has apparently been for some time past a <disi ncfi nation en the part of the municipal officer, and the police to co-operate for the attainment <of this olqeet. Mr. Howe's presence at the meet ing of the Town Council th' other everting and : iris remarks on that occasion clearly go to show : fthat bis department will be willing to assist : the Council in -every seasonable way in the ' future, indeed Mr. Boweshowed himself anxious : that united action should be taken for tbe at- stainmcnt -Qf tbe -object in view, in order to bring about a better state of things. Nothing, remains mow, so far as we -can see, but for the Inspector of Nuisances, to strictly attend to his duties and to cultivate the -cordial co-operation of the police. We take tbe following from Messrs. Trinder Anderson & Co's last shipping report to hand : — -"With reference to cargo for Champion Bay, Mr. Bethell when in the colony, pointed out to all the importers at that place the great neces sity there was for them to send their orders at the same time, as such a-course would give sufficient inducement in tbe shape of an increas ed quantity' of -cargo feu a ship to be sent on to Champion Hay, after discharge of cargo at Fre- ' mantle, and the freight would be very little j over tlie Fremantle price. This request, however, lias net been responded to, and the orders only ; come home at intervals in very small ktfs. The present vessel, the Grosvenor, loaded by Cap- : tain Maiden, is giving a through rate of 15s.. extra, -en the Fremantle rates, for a few tons of > dliampion Bay cargo c this, of course, entails a loss, as it costs about 22s. fid. extra to forward : the goods on from Fremantle to Champion Bay, including lighterage, and whaifage but this pi ice is quoted to meet tbe Champion Bay people, «.nd Trinder Anderson & Co. and C. Bethell & Co., although it is bad business, quite realize as well, that until the Champion Bay trade develops, some little assistance must be ; given to the merchants there, and, therefore, i the charge by their regular tradeis which go to ChamAon Bay is only about 5s. over the Fre mantle rate. The inducement for securing a lower rate than the 15s. mentioned is for the Champion Bay people to cany out Mr. Bethcll's suggestion." The W.A. Catholic Record of January 12th, nays : — " The immense expanse of country lately travelled over by the Governor is a part of the colony of Western Australia never yet visited by a Catholic priest. The whole district lying cast and north of Geraldton. was a part othe late charge of Fr. Delaney as to which he felt a weight of responsibility. He had long wished fer an opportunity to call upon the Catholics scattered on the various stations along the Mur- chison and Gascoync rivers, but a suitable occasion did not present itself during' his residence in the Champion Bay district. Car narvon is another place at wbicb a priest hasnot yet paid a vi6ii, although it is known that a considerable number of Catholics reside there and in the adjacent country. It is to be hoped that circumstances will soon permit of a clerical visit to these distant parts. The other portions of the colony have had such favorable occasions . from a religious point of view, especially in the ; missions given by the Viiicentians, that the remote Catholics o#he bush may well advance I a claim that they should not be wholly over looked. A clergyman of the Church of England was granted permission to make one of the Vice-regal party on the Murclrison trip and no doubt, if asked for, a similar favor would have been granted a Catholic priest. But to deal with tbe Catholics of the impiense district ' in a proper way something more than a flying ' visit wonld be needed. Whatever priest may go there first will have to be fully master of his ; own movements — to go here or tbere as necessity demands,- and stay in any place as long as may be required until his special work be fully accomplished ." We regret to learn that Mr. Shenton has resign ed the command of the Geraldton Bifle Volun- ; teers. He has long been connected with the company, and in many respects has been a good officer. Particularly generous in the matter of prizes, he has, since he has had command of the company, organised more prize Competitions than any other officer in the colony can boast of doing ; and for other reasons besides merely this one the step which Mr. Shenton has taken will be regretted by his brother officers and the the majority of the men of the company. It is trne.that the volunteer movement in Geraldton has been for some time past under a- cloud, parades have been infrequent, and when held poorly attended. We are unable to explain this falling.off of interest, or to account fer Mr. Sbenton's resignation, but trust that a revival will now take place among the members of that body. To their credit be it said, the volunteers up till quite recently have held together for a longer time than any other body in Geraldton, and it wonld be a great pity to offer any excuse for the Governor to disband the corps, as be un doubtedly would if things went on much longei in such an unsatisfactory state as they have been in during tbe past few months. A general parade was beld last Thursday evening, at which there was a very good attendance. The annual meeting of the company was held the same evening, land we believe some important businessjwas disposed of. It is in contemplation, we understand, to present Mr. Shenton, the late Captain of the company, with a testimonial of a suitable character in recognition of his past valuable services, and an expression of regret will be conveyed to him from the company at the step he has taken in severing his connection with the G.B.Y. Lieut Cowan is at present the officer m'command, and it is.confidentJy believed that be will do his best to put the corps once more on a satisfactory footing. It is proposed to have prize firing on Centenary day in lien of the annual prize firing which should have taken place on the 1st inst. If anything were needed to demonstrate the growing importance of tbe port of Champion Bay, and its consequent claims to better jetty accommodation from the Works Department attention need only be called to its laige and rapidly increasing export of wool. Close upon 5600 bales have been sent away this year. vTlie barques Annie McDonald and West Australian were completely loaded at this port, and the Charlotte Padbury took away over a thousand bales of our wool. Counting upon tbe moderate increase in onr wool production for next season of 10 per cent, this port will be able to com pletely load three large woolships. In addition to this wool something like 20,000 sheep have been sent away from this district during the past year to the Perth meat market, and the demand for sheep is also rapidly increasing, partly on account of the superior quality of the mntton. The regular fortnightly steamer from Fremantle to Geraldton invariably carries a fall cargo to this port, customs dues paid at Gerald ton last year amounted to over £12,000, and at least as mncti again is paid at the Fremantle Customs House for goods which ultimately reach Geraldton. The export of minerals from Champion Bay, despite tbe dullness of the mar ket reaches a respectable figure, and if the price of copper is maintained at anything like its present quotation we may expect a big mining revival in the district, and especially if the Smelting Works are carried on. With regard to these works, we understand, it is intended to " enlist the co-operation of a Sydney firm, a representative of which arrived in Geraldton a few months ago with the object of starting similar works here. All that is needed : for the successful prosecution of the ' works is increas ed capital, and from what we can gather from reliable sources, we have no doubt that this can now be arranged for without difficulty. Our agricultural exports are at present comparatively inconsiderable, foot we trust that the forthcom ing visit of the Agricnltuial Commission will lead to-a revival of this important branch of industry, and to the very best use being made of the magnificent agricultural areas at our back. The Champion Bay district is undeniably the richest in resources of any district of the colony, and deserves far more consideration at the hands of the Government and Legislature than it usually receives. The West Australian, a few months ago, admitted the improvement of its harbor accommodation was a pressing necessity, and that the work was of something more than merely local importance, we therefore trust that its'claims will receive satisfactory attention at the adjourned session of the Council in March next. A deliberate attempt to commit murder occurred at Messrs. Grant and Anderson's station, New- marracarra, on Wednesday last. Si Hang, a Malay, a countryman of his, named Badger, Sing Pooh a Chinaman, and a white man named Sam. Parker were constructing a tank near Newmarra- carra, and it appears that the men were in the habit of taking's drink of tea at 10 every morn ing. brewed for them by the Chinaman. On Wednesday, as usual, Sing Pooh made tea for the lot, but Si Hang would not take bis. The others drank their tea, and returned to their work, but Si Hang filled a pannakin of water, and placed it on the fire, in order to brew his own tea. See ing this Sing Pooh kicked the pannakin over, and after a brief altercation both men returned to the tank. Previously to this Si Hang had been working with his pick about 15 'yards from Sing Pooh, who was shovelling, but he now went and worked alongside him. He ased the pick once or twine in breaking tbe ground, but when Sing Pooh was stooping with his back turned the Malay deliberately raised tbe pick and drove it into the Chinaman's back with great force, on the left side, and below the shoulder. He then pulled the pick out and ran awav. and his unfortunate" victim, who had been struck to the ground, rose and ran several yards after his assailant, bnt soon fell exhausted. He was picked up by Parker, bleeding profusely, and from the blood and foam which he vomited, it was clear that tbe " pick bad penetrated his lung. A special messenger was sent into town by Mr. Grant, and the matter was immediately reported to tbe police. A constable and Dr. Elliott proceeded to Neu- marracarra without . delay, when they found that P. C. Eaton, who was visiting the station, had the Malay in custody. Despite- his deep and dangerous wound the Chinaman was still living, and the following morning he and the Malay were brought into town, the former be ing lodged in the Colonial Hospital and the latter in the lock-up. At first Dr. Elliott con sidered the wounded man was in a very precari ous state, but we believe he is now of opinion there are some chances of his recovery, al though he is in a dangerous condition. From the appearance of the pick, which weighs seven or eight pounds, it is clear that it must have penetrated to the dopth of at least fire inches. Tbe prisoner was brought up at the police court yesterday morning, and remanded. 