A Lose Star Bo-Peep. BY HOWARD SEELY (CONCLUDED. The following morning, as Judge Natchez, who comprehended under one large hat- brim so much of the professional ability of Concho, turned his face homeward, there was an air of dejection about his bearing, and a flavor of delinquency in the swift canter into which he at once lashed his unambitious pony. It is very likely that this gloomy exterior was the outcome of certain reserves, professional and pecuniary, that the gentleman had recently sustained. Notwithstanding copious draughts of the inspiration which, according to Miss Natchez, 'pop' was wont to imbibe, his earnest eloquence in behalf of his client was unappreciated, and Bill Darcy had been sentenced to be hung. And the legal gentleman's efforts to drown his chagrin in the enticements of 'Mexican monte,' during the previous evening, or more precisely, to 'even up with the Almighty,' as he profanely re- marked, on sitting down to the deal board, had unfortunately resulted in the loss of his retainer and counsel fee, consisting of the sum of twenty-five dollars cash and a diamond pin—his client's title to this last article being entirely limited to the ostentatious wearing of the gem. Presently he chanced upon a black-browed Hercules, lying listlessly upon the prairie, and gazing with a scowl at some very fine cattle grazing in a fertile hollow. The man was attired in the unmistakable clothes of his calling. There were the heavy, wide, leathern leggings extending to the waist, giving the wearer, when erect, the appearance of walking in an immense mail-bag. There werethe knee-boots, with heels so extra- vagantly high, and placed at such an absurd angle, that a Parisienne in the day of Louis Quinze would have screamed with delight, and cheerfully acquiesced in so admirable a contrivance for destroying the eye-sight. This gentleman avoided any such tendency by living in the saddle. When he decided to "walk—which he rarely did—he strongly personified in gait that inelegant bird, the goose. It was the American cow- boy, par excellence, with a certain smartness of exterior, which suggested the approving criticism of the fair. What was there in the sight of those magnificent cattle to occasion this scowl? It was simply a question of 'cow- brands.' He was in despair of any possible method by which the 'wine-glass' label could be con- verted with the assistance of a red-hot iron into his own suspiciously involved trade- mark. This is Mr. Rube Smart, 'cow- puncher.' Intuitively recognising a sympathetic spirit, the judge checked his horse. 'H-h-howdy!' the 'stone-fences,' rather than the judge, remarked. The man, re- cognising the bibulousness of his salute, raised his eyes in surly inquiry, and replied, 'Howdy!' 'Boo-oo-'ful mornin'!' The man shrugged his shoulders, and ungraciously accepted the weather's serenity. The peculiarly rocky character of the judge's cups had not communicated their insensibility to his perceptions. He was conscious of a lack of spontaneity in the dialogue. 'Wash up? Wash lates' newsh fro Wash- ington?' he queried, with judicial concern, and, I grieve to say, with occasional Texan judicial articulation. 'Bill Darcy's sentenced ter swing,' said the cow-boy. The peculiar quality of ironical exaggeration by which the judge's inadequate defence was rendered a national matter, was keenly felt by its recipient through his spirituous disguise. His effusiveness was quenched. 'Wush feller 'shpec' 'shgot five mur'hers an' dead nigger 'ghin 'm?' he retorted. 'Judge,' said his gloomy auditor, with affected concern, 'I reckon you'd better pull yer freight fer hum; this sun's a heap too hot fer yer head, and I don't reckon ther's room enongh roun' her fer ye. I'd recommen' yer ter put right smart o' water on that law- box o' your'n when yer git thar. What's more,' he continued, 'thet Penelope'—he alluded to Miss Natchez as though she suggested antelope, with the attributes of which he was unquestionably more familiar —thet Penelope o' your'n needs yer protectin' care. I seen her, yesterday, totin' a fine- hair feller up to yer ranch. Looked kinder caved in, blank him!' he concluded, with a lowering look. The judge did not inquire into the origin of his friend's profanity. He was oppresed with graver personal mis- givings. 'I reckon thar's whar my whisky's been junein'!' Apparently sobered by the gravity of this decision, he wheeled his horse and rode off without thanking his informant. When Mr. Faye Howe first opened his blood-shot blue eyes on the morning after his sanitary debauch, a demoralized sensa- tion of dull pain oppressed his bewildered consciousness. He lay perfectly still, over- whelmed with the idea that the present colossal proportions of his cranium required all the space of Penelope's airy boudoir for their accommodation, and that the slightest change of position would release a throbbing engine in his skull and involve its very sensitive walls in crushing ruin. By what species of inspiration he had engineered his gigantic head-piece through the narrow doorway was a problem beyond the present available resources of his whisky-steeped intellect. He was still feebly pondering upon the impossibilities of this achievement, when Penelope dawned upon him through the portal, so ambitiously transformed from the Bohemian toilet of yesterday that failure of recognition by him, in his present shattered condition, might have been pardonable. She was consistently feminine in her attire, but extravagantly arrayed in finery of a faded and filmy texture. Nevertheless, a certain witchery about the tout ensemble, and an agreeable odor of buffalo-clover, with wMch her hair and antiquated corsage were adorned, made their impression upon Howe, who yielded her the homage of a sex more appreciative of effect than detail in matters of dress. He was not without glimpses of the damsel's possibilities in appropriate attire. 'Howdy!' she said in a sprightly tone. 'How ye makin' out?' with a sympathy of manner which her grammar would scarcely convey. Howe thanked her, and exhibited a diffi- dence about expatiating upon his sensations, feeling a man's incapacity to do the subject complete justice without the assistance of pro- fane rhetoric. He ventured, however, to pho- tograph his hygienic degradation by facial pantomime. 'Prezackty!' she exclaimed, with demure eyelashes, but mentally charmed by the con- trast between his silence and her sire's unhal- lowed inspirations after indiscreet libations to Silenus. She displayed at once a savory bowl and large spoon which she had hitherto held behind her. 'I reckoned ye'd be just, naturally starved arter yesterday,' she said, 'so I jest killed a pullet and made ye some chicken broth. Yer hands better, Mr. Howe. Tell ye, honey, ye had a clus call—sure 'nuff." Forthwith a prairie Hebe began to minister to the famished capacity of a blonde Bacchus. Meanwhile, her respected parent, having struck a most uncompromising homeward beeline since his last cheerful information, was just rising the divide which overlooked his ranch. As he crossed the string of waterholes which formed the line of the creek, he was instantly cognisant of the fact that, although the qualifications of the day for pasturage were admirable, his sheep were still imprisoned in their primitive brush-pen, and were solacing their appetites on the haystack which he had prudently prepared against the advent of dreaded 'Northers.' This being the last link in the chain of misfortunes which had lately oppressed him, he at once entered into hearty and blasphemous rivalry of the much-afflicted Job, who, I cheerfully submit, was fairly suc- cessful in exhausting the poetic possibilities of profanity. It is with reluctance that I refrain from tran- scribing this Homeric indulgence in epithet. For I certainly appreciate how necessary it is to the interpretation of character, and to the portrayal of an exceptional felicity of expres- sion. I concede, however, for the reader's en- lightenment, that he threw grave and unsanc- tified doubts as to the origin of himself and Penelope, and in a surprisingly short space of time involved his entire genealogical line in unquestionable discredit, making all this con- tingent upon certain conditions of which he had present ocular proof. After which charming effort he executed a wild war-dance in his stirrups in evidence of an exhausted vocabulary, took out a large, black plug of tobacco and bit off a triangular quarter of it, and then charged headlong upon his abode. But on the present occasion, whatever ver- bal collation he had reserved for Mr. Faye Howe, he was apparently prevented from offering to his notice, partly by his instant re- recognition of his familiar features, and partly by that apparent interest in his daughter which he detected in the gentleman's face as he entered the room. He recognised in him a very good client; he was aware of his plethoric bank-account. This was the first occasion on which the Northerner had honored his legal adviser by visiting him at his own abode; and the father's imaginative temperament and fond parental heart were at once inspired with air-castle tendencies for the possible future of Miss Penelope. His greeting, therefore, although subdued in utterance, was earnest and genuine. I may as well acquaint the reader, at this point, with the fact that the gentleman was of un- questionable birth and breeding. He was the son of a former governor of the State of Virginia, and Penelope's mother had been a lady of patrician beauty and social attraction; but the war, that comprehensive apology for much Southern shamelessness of destitution, was here sincere. The feebler feminine nature despaired and died; the stronger, masculine one survived and accepted alcoholic consolation. When, therefore, the degene- rate gentleman of a once golden age learned of the narrow escape of his guest, and the heroic treatment extended by his daughter, his pale, intellectual, and still handsome features expressed both parental pride and sympathetic solicitude. 'Penelope will bring you around in a day or two,' he said cheerfully; 'make yourself perfectly at home and as comfortable as you can under the circumstances. Meanwhile, you say you have certain matters of business' —the critical reader observes that the judge had that easy adaptability which enabled him to vary his dialect to suit his auditor, and his present utterances gave evidence of the recollection of social privileges, once enjoyed and by no means forgotten—'we can consider them at our leisure.' To which Howe—a Northerner, remember, and notwithstanding his serious invalidism, replied: 'Why not now? It's the old matter— that dispute about water privileges between Smart and myself. The season is dry, and there is barely enough for my six thousand sheep. He insists upon watering his cattle upon my ranch. 'Is that all?' said the legal gentleman relapsing into border slang immediately, and giving fiery advice which, hitherto, he had seldom followed. 'Is thet all? Wal, I've looked up thet matter, an' yer 'kles' is all straight; 'give him 'notice to quitl;' ef he don't bluff, shove half a dozen cartridges inter yer Winchester, freeze ter yer water- hole, and stand off him and his cussed cattle.' A fortnight of the halcyon weather of a Texan spring had passed away—days of sun- shine, of fragrance, of bird-song—the blossom- ing of Nature's Heart in earth, and air, and sky—days uneventful, but, ah me! full of a certain novel and blissful fascination for Miss Natchez. She was leaning dejectedly over the narrow railing of the ranch, her drooping eye-lashes giving her face a quaint suggestion of heavy mourning. There had been no abatement of the glad weather; the air was tremulous with the melody of rival mocking birds which flickered in black and white plumes from tree to tree, and filled the embowering live oaks with their delirious ventriloquism. Her cause of grief was entirely subjective; the sunshine of Mr. Faye Howe's presence had faded from her horizon. There had been hours of Arcadian colloquy, of equestrian companionship, of pastoral sheep-tending and sheep-seeking with this Lone Star Bo-peer. There had even been sentimental moments of generous rivalry, devoted to the perforation of tin tomato-cans at ten paces with the 'six-shooter.' It would seem that the 'abomination of desolation' was left as the result of this target-practice. Howbeit, although at times given to reverie and a day-dreaming that was new to her, she was full of a certain energy attributable, perhaps, to the awakening spring. But the judge, who was himself a victim of the 'dumber- ager,' and, on days consecrated to mental communion and suppressed 'shakes,' had an invalid's acute perceptions, 'allowed I thet he never reckoned the spring fever so obstrep'-rous.' A sudden conviction of the untidiness of the ranch oppressed her, and by incessant practice in the hurling of missiles, she removed its en- circling debris to a point too remote for ocular disapprobation. Then she lost her apparent taste for veiling her sex in masculine raiment. With the aid of some old fashion-plates and an in- genuity with her needle at which the sterner sex stands aghast, she accomplished toilettes outre but effective, from relics of her mother's finery, religiously preserved by her father. The judge had his failings: he had also his ideals. Notwithstanding great powers of fascination for a proverbially confiding sex, he never found it in his heart, nor in his wildest dreams be- lieved it possible, to duplicate Mrs. Natchez. Her dress-making over, Penelope developed marvels of cleanliness, and entered upon a campaign against her luxuriant but tangled mane. She possessed among her treasures a cracked and bilious mirror. Before this men- dacious detractor she passed unlimited time in the industrious combing and effective ar- rangement of her raven tresses. It is interest- ing, as an instance of the intution of woman, that she merely pursued the man- demoralising tactics of the famous Lorelei, of whose entirely poetic existence she was blissfully in igno- rance. Finally, having carefully prepared the sinews of feminine warfare in the formal manner above described, she drew the picture of the unfortunately fashionable young lady from the humiliation of the chimney, affixed it to a tree with a small 'bowie,' and being geographically prevented from annihilation of the lady by pure personal charm, engaged in vindictive and unerring target-practice upon it with a more effective but no more re- morseless weapon. But I think it was in her treatment of the owl that she most palpably acknowledged the presence of Cupid. She possessed a small menagerie of native pets, with which her hitherto undeveloped affections had been con- tent. In small wooden cages she had immured at various stages of adolescence, a dove, a mocking-bird, a prairie-dog, a diminutive jackass- rabbit. A somewhat lively fancy in the detection of resemblances had impelled her to baptise these captives with the titles of certain of her many admiring suitors. She shared the Homeric fascinations of the model wife of Ulysses. The dove and the mocking bird were cow-men of mild and languishing sentimentality in feminine matters—Nature's carpet-knights—the one given to playing cooing ballads on horseback, with a cracked guitar, and the other offensive through a servile semblance of devotion, at spasmodic intervals, on a reedy accordeon. The marmot was Mr. James Wily, the gambler; the jack- rabbit was Mr. Rube Smart, the 'cow- puncher.' But the owl!—the owl was nameless, typical of that evasive silence which woman preserves in amatory matters of a serious complexion. Howbeit, the desperate devotion with which she sacrificed before this silent, feathered altar might have encouraged the ancient Pythagoras in his doctrine of metempsychosis. One morning, an accommodating teamster jumped down from his box-seat in his 'prairie-schooner, and deposited in her trembling fingers a billet-doux; she devoured its contents with eager eyes. It was simply an invitation to a ball to take place that evening at Eden, but its effect was alarming. She became earnestly grave, and set about appalling formalities; she filled the clothes boiler of the ranch, and heated it to a danger- ous temperature; she removed all the interior furnishings of her father's tent, tightened its cords, and rendered it nearly opaque; she deposited within it her most elaborate toilette and an ambitious wash-tub. Then taking her six-shooter,' she chastely retreated within its precincts, and tied down the canvas opening from within. This modern Diana recognised the efficiency of powder and ball against a possible Actaeon. When she reappeared, the effect was dazzling in the extreme. That the ball was held in a vacant store owned by Jim Wily; that it was illuminated by an unpardonable extravagance in tallow dips, perched upon laths tacked to empty shelves; that the elite of Eden danced in full equipment, but in the affluence of 'boiled shirts; and the social sub-stratum, from every available window and loop-hole, availed themselves of a view of the festivities in which they were not invited to participate, but which they endeavoured to cloud by the diabolical tobacco-smoke under which they veiled their slighted feelings, is a matter of memory among the inhabitants of the frontier town. But how Miss Penelope Natchez was its pervading charm, how she outshone by her bewildering appearance the much betoiletted fair; how she compelled admiration by flatly refusing to dance with Jim Wily, while not hesitating to grace his entertainment with the effulgence of her presence; how she danced square dances with all her many admirers, but how there was a tendency to monotony in waltzing with Mr. Faye Howe, was reported at great length by the ornate editor of the Eden Advertiser, whose extravagant periods afforded significant evidence of the height to which a single privileged quadrille had exalted him. We have lost our copy of this gifted sheet, or we could not forbear transcribing it. But while Penelope and Faye were approximating, to a condition of plastic infatuation at this crowning social event of the frontier season, there were two who de- parted with far different feelings: Mr. Jim Wily in expressive indignation, and Mr. Rube Smart in the embrace of the 'green-eyed monster.' The relations of Mr. Howe and Mr. Smart were necessarily belligerent. The former's apparent progress in the affections of Miss Natchez effectually settled that. Through- out the long dry season Rube's stock drank the water of the Northern gentleman's 'range ' by the hogshead; at first, under his armed surveillance; afterward, with the familiar effrontery of habit. At last, when a further continuation of this would have left his own woolly flocks to famish, Howe laid aside his customary caution, filled the maga- zine of his 'Winchester,' and getting the 'first-drop' upon his persistent foe, coolly assured him of speedy conversion into a human colander if he did not desist instanter. There was a steely glitter in Howe's usually mild blue eye, aside from the advantage of his attitude, which was convincing. Mr. Rube Smart accepted the resistlessness of the gen- tleman's logic. He quietly withdrew. This did not prevent him, however, from emptying his own carbine and 'six- shooter' on occasional dark nights into the crowded sheep-pens of the Northerner. The dastardly cowardice of this act was apparently visited with retribution, for Rube's stock—few in number and mostly acquired by conversion, both literal and legal——died by tens and scores. His encounter with the northerner had sufficiently convinced him that open combat was not the most efficient method of revenge. Assisted by Jim Wily, who still rankled, and by Texan rum of phenomenally bad quality, he developed a scheme worthy of the brain from which it emanated and the liquor by which it was inspired. Briefly, his plan was to 'pop the question' to Miss Penelope, and in the event of her probable refusal, to pop her very charming person into a covered buggy, and forcibly elope. It is hardly necessary to say that all this was to be done in the absence of her father. Mr. Jim Wily kindly offered to accomodate his friend with the necessary vehicle. He was not aware that Howe, during the entire summer, had maintained a brave fight against feminine fascinations; notwithstanding a hermit's isolation, and the absolute cessation of epistolary hostilities from the fashionable dressed young lady. He did not know either, that the poor little namesake of the exemplar of Greek conjugal fidelity was in despair of ever hearing from the faithless Howe again, and destitute of any consolation save her owl, now arrived at muscular maturity, and apparently anxious to emulate the gentleman by flying away. The early fall was at hand, and the rain, so long withheld, charged impatiently upon the exhausted earth, with a fury that left a misty haze in the air, like the ghost of a fierce en- gagement. Amid the violent storm, which had prevailed intermittently for five days, Judge Natchez, returning from the settlement of a local dispute in a neighbouring town, received the news of the cow-boy's design upon his daughter from a transient guest of Jim Wiley, who had overheard a conversa- tion through the sheeting partition of his sleeping apartment. A Texan hotel is an ambitious rival of the famous Whispering Gallery. There was no outburst of profanity on this occasion. He received the details of the plot in that silence which makes intense emotion so awe-inspiring; but the sorry mount of the judge soon realised that he had never before experienced the possibilities of flaggelation nor his own powers to overcome space. In the height of this mad ride, he saw through the encircling mists a buggy, achieving a very comfortable rate of speed along the trail road between himself and his next neighbor, and proceeding in the direction of the ranch. His face paled; the line of his jaw showed through the tense skin; his knees smote the side of his horse; but slipping his right arm free from the sleeve of his 'slicker,' he drew a self-cocking Colt's revolver—the gift of a grateful client—and rode on to intercept him with the sternness of fate. Rube Smart—for he it was—seeing the judge, and recognising him immediately, reined in his horse with his left hand, and leaning out of the buggy, allowed his right to drop mechanically to his hip. The gesture indicated the locality of a weapon— not a self-cocker, but equally speedy in the gentleman's hands He had long ago filed the notches in the tumbler of the lock, and was wont to discharge it by the mere leverage of his powerful thumb upon the hammer. A rent in the 'slicker' of the horseman disclosed his masked design. Frontier etiquette recognises no distinction between the drawing of a weapon and its actual discharge; the one implies the other. There were two almost simultaneous reports from within hand-shaking distance. A frantic horse, riderless, and with leaping stirrups, dashed wildly away in the direction of the ranch. A buggy, from the spinning wheels of which the water flew, went careering madly over the water-soaked prairie. The avenging father and his victim lay dead, with the rain pelting upon their ghastly faces. As even at that moment, Penelope, await- ing anxiously at the window her sire's return, marvelled how much the coursing drops upon the pane resembled tears. About the time of the occurrence of the tragedy, Mr. Faye Howe—seated at the stove of the hospitable Macpherson, a genial Scot whose store was at once post-office and general base of supplies for the town of Eden —was engaged in contemplation of his steaming boots, and in cynical meditation upon the inconstancy of woman. The ring of native Texans around this red-hot dispenser of comfort was practical in its lamentations over the danger of 'rises' in the waterholes and creeks. At each lull in the conversation, the expectorant hiss of the assailed stove seemed at once to deride and threaten their fears. Mr. Howe was feeling classical on this occasion; he was silent, and supported his own experience with the riper judgment of Virgil—'Varium et mutabile femina!' The immediate predisposing cause of so much mental communion and this Latin summary was probably the recipt, that morning, of the wedding-cards of the young lady who has occupied photographic prominence in these pages. Not that Mr. Howe was particularly sensitive to the somewhat marked flavor of the lady's social etiquette, but because he reflected with pardonable disparagement upon the apparent readiness with which she had hitherto acknowledged, in notes of superlative perfume and tinted paper, certain gifts of jewellery which his prodigal generosity had in time past felt called upon to tender. It was, perhaps, the epistolary reflection which led him to dwell with gratified contrast upon the apparent sincerity of Miss Penelope's attachment. Howe was thoroughly conscious of certain billets-doux, which—albeit ungrammatical and crippled in orthography—were genuine and unper- fumed. A lack of self-prejudice in personal matters made him execrate himself for failure to acknowledge these gratuitous pledges. After this condemnatory introspec- tion he walked to the window. Outside it was raining heavily. As he stood gazing out at the pouring rain he was struck by the attitude of resigned fatalism exhibited by his patient steed. The gentleman was conscious of entertaining a peculiar sentiment for this animal. It was not affection, for Howe was singular in this, that he had never been able to love anything which did not at first exhibit toward him marked evidence of attachment. Whatever 'Oscar' was, he was not demonstrative. He had been first attracted to him by that stern practicality which obtains in matters of horseflesh—his record for speed and endur- ance. The mustang had been victor in many a prairie 'scrub-race,' and his fame as a swimmer of unfordable rivers had gone abroad through the country. Later, Howe had come to respect him for his keen instincts. Entering the State with Northern enterprise and that lack of woodcraft proverbial of a 'tender-foot,' a carelessness in riding over his boundless 'range' had often compelled him to resort to a compass situated in that long head, to prevent passing the night on the bald prairie. Then, a philosophical submission to the inevitable, a stolid patience of misfortune, withal, a serene indifference of fate had compelled respect. He fancifully believed that the horse reciprocated the sentiment, and that he had faith in his master besides. This had induced him on one occasion to record a vehement oath that death alone should part them. As the gentleman dwelt upon an equine courage that was almost manly, and accepted his suggestion of dripping boot-leather, he was appalled at the sarcasm of calling him 'Oscar Wilde.' Why was it? He distinctly saw the animal raise his head and look him full in the face. A man, pale with excitement, at this moment ran into the store, and announced that he just found Judge Natchez and Rube Smart lying dead upon the prairie. The door slammed violently. Mr. Howe was gone. As he loosened the lariat of his mustang, he was prompted again to look into his intelligent eyes. What was it he saw there? Who knows! Yet, as he settled himself in his Mexican saddle, he felt that sublime consciousness of the privileged equestrian —that horse and master were in accord. That ride through flying mud, through splashing water, over the wet prairie! Here and there swollen pools along the way had overflowed the trail in blank and treacherous sheets through which his horse dashed with the fury of an angry billow, leaving the track of their fierce progress outlined in flying spray and hurrying curves of bubble and foam. At times the yielding soil of the beaten track forced him to break his way amid chuparral and copse, and through thin files of mesquite and live oak, standing like storm-beaten sentinels in silent gray, the panting of his laboring steed, the cadence of plunging hoof-beats swept by unchallenged. As he rode on without whip or spur, and felt the restless energy of those grand muscles playing like an engine beneath him, he was filled with admiration for his noble horse. His watch told him that the obscured was but 'an hour high' as he passed the pecan motte and the dismantled cow-pen lying hid- den within its depths. The line of water- holes that he had formerly known was brim- ming with water, and nature's chalices seemed eager to burst their emerald cups and overflow the intervening space. He thought of the ranch at the junction of the two creeks —so negligently placed. He thought of the orphaned Penelope. He might yet be too late! Just as he descended the gaunt divide which sloped gently down to the now visible dwelling, he heard a noise before him. He knew it instinctively and caught his breath; the line of waterholes was a foaming creek. Only to his horse's knees as he dashed through it, but he was aware of the danger in those latitudes, and shuddered as he galloped up the little rise and into the live oak clump. Throwing his mustang's bridle over a neigh- bouring post, he ran to the door of the ranch. He knocked. No reply. He knocked again —louder. Silence still. With frontier polite- ness, he turned the knob and entered the young lady's bed-chamber. The room was twilight dim. Penelope had thrown herself upon the bed and lay asleep. As he entered she opened her eyes wearily and rose with a sudden flush. 'Why, Faye!' was all she said. He took the little brown hands in both his own. 'The creeks are rising, dear; I have come to save you!' She ran to the window and cast a startled look without; she threw open the door and saw the long flats about the smaller branches submerged and threatening; she came back to him with a pallor in her face that Howe had never seen there before. He smiled re- assuringly. 'Do not despair,' he said. 'My sorrell is outside. Are you ready?' 'One moment!' the girl answered, grasp- ing the sombrero, dusty with neglect, and an old rubber-coat of her father's. She threw them on hastily, and ran out into the storm. Howe was left in the little room. Penelope ran to her cages; she freed the dove and the mocking-bird, which availed themselves of the privilege. Hesitating a second, she finally drew the confining barriers for the prairie-dog and jack-rabbit; they cowered in their open prisons. Catching up the full-plumaged owl, the faithful little arms attempted to carry him to the horse. The ungrateful wretch fluttered fiercely, broke from her tender clasp, and flapped heavily away. She returned to Howe, who was waiting in the saddle. He turned his heavy box-stirrup outward a little and reached his right hand to her. Penelope put a trusting little foot on his; she mounted behind him. Two confiding arms were thrown around him. I wot the behavior of the gentleman was in marked contrast to that of the fugitive owl; he displayed no disposition to escape that gentle pressure. Thus they rode out in the brief Southern twilight. As they descended the slight rise, his heart sank as he saw the larger creek; it was run- ning with the fierceness of a turbulent river —the current setting with the trend of its valley bed, and, therefore, not always, in the middle of the stream. The roaring waters were plunging up the slight declivity foot by foot! He glanced back—the lesser branch and its encircling flats were moving rapidly, the tremendous volume of water cutting them off in the rear. The only chance of perma- nent safety Faye Howe knew was in the great divide, stretching before him dimly like a despairing hope. Something of the despera- tion of the coming struggle was in him, as he turned in the saddle. 'Little one,' he said, throwing a strong arm around her in the gathering twilight, 'it is far, far worse than I thought. Your father has not returned. Look at me, darling! He never will, he never can. Shall it be mine to take a wife with me to the other side?' He felt the pretty brown arms tighten their clasp; a little head sank upon his shoulder. There came to his listening ear a whisper fragrant with its memories of buffalo clover: 'Faye, I reckon so.' He had not hitherto detected the latent poetry of this peculiar Texan idiom. 'Oscar,' who had halted upon the eloping declivity as sternly as if carved in stone, immediately shivered and gave a loud snort! it struck both ominously. Howe leaned forward over his strong neck and patted the animal's ear, very much as an operator taps his telegraphic key. It was an old familiar gesture understood by them both. The mustang sprang forward and was soon breasting the hurrying flood, but sinking deeper than when the water first swirled around him. Howe disengaged himself from his stirrups, and, whispering to Penelope, slipped from the saddle, swinging off by the girth. She took his place. And now the rushing, turbulent river began to bring down on its current fragments of creek-margin and grassy debris. A snake swam past them in tortuous fright, Small sticks of timber drifted sideways with the boiling flood, or shot swiftly past, flying like darts, end-on. The raw-hide bound cow- pen was breaking up and giving way. Swimming thus on his horse's left, holding on by the saddle-girth, and shielding with his own body the tender limbs of her who was to be his bride, Howe shuddered as he thought of the great pecans. At that instant he heard a loud crash up the creek; his fears were prophetic. Already under the lee of the great divide, he was feeling a rising joy in his heart, when he noticed an uneasy movement of his mus- tang's head. He strained his eyes through the gloom, but could see nothing. Just as he felt his horse's fore-feet strike the sub- merged prairie-bottom, a dark, ominous shape, swinging irresistibly with the current on a fulcrum caused by the resisting bank, struck the brave head of the noble steed with the force of a thunderbolt. The stricken neck bowed mutely before the great destroyer, and with a single convulsive sigh the doomed animal yielded up his life. The trunk of a huge pecan that had caught in a side eddy drifted slowly past and out into the rush of the whirling creek, like some black and sullen leviathan. The eternal decree of fate was done! But Penelope and Faye, left thus in the rapidly shoaling water, were saved. The North and South clasped hands at last. 