\- it anih tumor. Is the w:fe of a paeha a maha ! A Otitchl in one's aide never seams good, A pitttyttle graEs.widow Icoks bet ;aa dawn dress.'-:.. . S.Filiaig'peaespapers 'don't make 'om ny sh'arper. .; y" On-ihestlgis the best policy," as the ast. ]ing hen reniarked. , ".'Abeetle can draw twenty limes ita osn weight." So can a mustard plseter. A A oirtZiy papter contairs the following sitisfactory announcement: "A cambr of deaths are unavoidahly postponed." Aoysnicil old bachelor sysa that "lorm re like armnit ; they get along well enough ill the engagement begins." Yom never hear the bee complain, . Nor hear it weep nor wail; But if it wish it can unfold .,Avery painful tail. Teacher: "What advantage had the old Greeks over .us,-Hans?-" Hans (draing onng breath): "They did not have to lenn Greek." t : I The man who Tried to get up a ccorut with the band. of a-hat is the some gein' ho, a few days' since, played upon the ffections' of a young lady. l.-tr. Conningwell (who is doing a lite ohrpping for Mrs. C.): " Where's the glare epartment, young man!" Flrorwa!rk?: 'rGentse' "-·r. Conningwell :"No; hdiea' ;.'Rev.: '"A'nd you're quite sure, doneo:, ['m perfectl' eeund and well!" Dr.:"[ tellyon,a'r, you couldn'tbe better." oer.: m soirry . for "that.' I don's see how I cin'work that 'ocean trip with my cr.e' gation.' Old :lady (to grocer): "My daughltn quite an invalid, sir, and wants sone rs ftesh ecgs." Grocer: "Yes, mnalm. It boy) '4ames, show this lady those incd You have a brother, then. sir!" 'ha pnadame." "Only one? "" "Yee, airt' Strange ! I just asked your sin'S' same ain ;andi ellrep ied thate hti two.'" r , A ý arcbhe after truth wantto kne si . it,with so many negroes djing, cbxy ever sees a black ghost. S- "A baby is a poem," says a gifted we. Yeth 'un; so'tis. Makes the fatherta in blank verse though, sometimes. MagliSrate (to witness) "Do oye kcI the nature of an oath, Uncle Ralst!' Uncle Rastues: " I reckon I d'eI P honor. ' I'e owned a balky mole for f:!' teen yeah." It is sad, yet true, that we didn't hs even an invitation to th' leap-year pOty~t otherniaght, and we have made uponur= to enjoy the .p!'asures of' sogle life for" other sei?r'at:least. No glrl need applf. -Suche is the "violence of 'the equnain gales that-during their prevalence 11t very o'tei bhesdme projectil's. 'Magiastate (to plaintiff with lump m head): alnftyour wife threw a flat'tni you,- wy didn't yon dodge F " Plainti: ' didyour honour, and that's how I cosia get hit." Rejoice good friend, you're nota Rec And count your privilege as great; For well we know no these days so ns Would have patience to 'n ro5cect.xxxIr't. I Wife (to unhappy husband) :"I wOr worry, John; it doesn't do any good th row trouble." Husband : ' orrowt 'm Great Cnesarrl my dear, I sin't borte trouble; I've got it to lend." " Dear me!" said the little boy,"'1 intellectual uaseion had failed, and the?l spanked him ferthe first time, "if I bl the slightest suspicion that the r.'? sesgation was so poige ant, I should ot have invited the experiment." It is a paradox that of all shoes a felt is least felt. Any fcol can ask conundrumse,bhutit a wise man not to try to answer them. "My subject is rapidly draweng , clothe," as the nocturnal tramp of'9 while deft:y lifting the last shirt lron line. i !' What a pictureeque little cottagcl veritable $ ias chalet." "A SWe' be, do you call it? To my mind it's like an Irish shan't he." ,Dacon sd Villiams-"BrudderJone?torht Jereooebineodoten de trial)" Brotber J'~ "De Jedge done give 'in two moninjfli Dinconi Williams-" 'Pears ter me li you oughter be pow'fol thankfuL . pif mighty light, he did." Brothoer'/ "'Twarn't s'light'soun seem ter thiot?? a.gwinter"hiang'im when 'de two 0V Up,". 