DEAD MAN'S ROCK. THE FINDING OF TH GERBAT RUBY. A Romaniua an Q. BOOK IL''? CHAPTER VIII. (Cowvsou,) .'TILLS HOW THE mTAINPLTLL Uqlr0 * IIANOE?la& : A TaOEDr. 'I do not know who'oopoeed thbe oierlt It is'haunted by one igqaileol ar,. rislated, fading into variations, then'rieing ones mr o only so mink into the tender sorrow of rminor key. I have heard it but twiie in la life, bat 'the mstic of it is with is to thil,dey. Then, u as I heard it, it arried me bahk o the boat wbon Tom aend I eat expectant i this amea theatre, eas trmbl o foe hi pliy' .oo , I for the sight omy love. Pour orn The ad melody walled lpwuds though it wero the ,voic of th. wind plaiong about his Irave, every note brdapUhiog pathos or, euspiring in tremnulou 'tglutib. Poor Tom I Yet your ibio was happier; thi mine; better to die with ClimL's kllitaearm upon the lips than to live with but the memoenol it. • ' . Tbs throbbing music had ended. and, the play began. As before, the audience were without enthaielm at fit, hobut to.gliht they knew they had bout to Wait, and they did so patiently ; sO that when as laat Claire'e voice died loftly away at the.oloe of hmr opening eong, the bushed house was suddenly shlahken to its root with the storm and' tomail of applase:.. Ther she stood. serene and glowing. as one hat .had never known pain. .My veryere doubted. On her face was no sign of sffer loge' no trace of a tear. !Wa she, then utterly without heart ! In my mmory:' I retraced the scene of that afternooo, and all my reason aeqolted. her. Yet. esthebs meoo there in herg lor oce piphat, illumined with the blazing lighte, and radiant inte joy anod freshnees of youth, I could have doubted whether, after all, Clariess Lambert and Olaire Luttrell were one and the same. There was one shiog which I did not tail, howerer, t, note as strange., She. did not once glance in the direction of my box, but kept her eyes teadtly averited.' 'And it then suddenly dawned upon me that she'muost be pleyinr with a purpose : but what that put poe was I could not guess. . Whatever it was, soa was acting mamifl cently and had for the present completely e?rrendered herself to her art Grand as that art bed been on the iret night of ' Franceeca, the, power of that performance was utterly eclipsed tonight. Once between the acts I heard two voices in the passage outlide. my bzx bWVhat' do you think of it?' said the Gret. ' What can I ?' answered the other. '.And how can I tell you? It is altogether above words.' He was right. It was not so much admira tion as awe and worship that held the house that night. I have heard a man say since that he wonders how the play could ever have raised adything beyond a laugh. He eLould have heard the sobs that every now and then would break uncontrollably forthb even whilst Claire wee speaking. He should have felt the hush that followed every scene before the audience could recollect Itself and pay its thunderous tribute. Still she never looked towards me, jhongh all the while my eyes were following my lost love. tIer purpose-and somehow in my heart I grew more eod more convinced that some purpose lay beoeath this transcendent display-was waiting for its occomplihiment, and in the rioging triumph of her voice I felt it. coming nearer-nearer-until at last it came• The tragedy was nearll over. France-ea had dismtssed her old lover and his new bride from their captivity and was now left alone upon thestage. The last expectant bohus had fallen upon the house. Then she a epped slowly forward in the dead silenoo, and abshe spok- the opening lines, for the first time ,our eyes met. lere, then, all ands :-ell lei, ell bate, all vows. .-t tin roroeaoe'. Aei.'tL bettr r mo. S"tll b beet forelve sod i faorce vho else h chat. aled him to a life-lorng aute, Who ea'so orm a butors 'r l see i r sle o vale White tis remlseas tchat med Ioiresieeede W.' P.r bteor to ellsee hilm-- elosv Iro - How love . I sis tle oaeta In be se "e • Tioe she d ts by erjouymenssrlk hiq Joy" ullhotlre ait love for wehom Ideas I lV d. No. no. a Oad t j ie,llt mold not be. Yet ohmy loese, bo apiy In the daysl I miy sot .he, lith n. r boe.e pessstllye i'sro the rlabIeot my lovyar eu;ai . I woud noo haes tb ht aest now iaLd th ,ale dre em shoe ea t llnol adrsm- - n bher wboe love w dsuhblle to s an boar. Shbul dltd or 'er It, bramn. tetsod blStat ly lle,, tI happy andfroeswhat mllath tavebs,?e oagset moy dter enmbseoatol'bearme a iy itole In h ter, my ollidrun is her sweet ' ' DOea lov., ? ser blld to dle Now orro thea path Il pest. eeI aept • An Sap se rlad i oy 111 a Ie h done . tasy tae afO 00 teor htidate re p- 'o fa, more roe-le te Orldl. o rnes--oetiny t tOa of palm I oad lam quit oflpaa lor everme. It ase?n n haavenry. well le em to -Me . I wou ldt i vad them w.p but luh loonwe stokse, Aod tlbus- - . 'What was that shriek far back there in the hones? Whet was that a i btof whboh the 'odience rose whiie atd ghast'from'n theoir mellts? What was isthaM madie Sebastana.s he eutl.ed lrash sdimuly feorward iaad'all with awful cry before •eso'ustca boy?! What wee that 'tricklingl down Ia folds of heewhitedressN? Blooed.i: Ye,. blood I an ilneltant I put mr hand upon the cushion of the box, vauled- doe s to the stage end usi knoelirg'besid~omy ying love. But as the' elamorouse bell rangu down the cortain I'hesr abovetls Is tose i light and silvery' laugh. "and looking up eaw in the box next eo snIe the cestblaok, devilish eyes of the tllbw:.womal. Then thil clrtein Ieit. ExLL, nOW TWO, VOls.. LrLD YIs TO ?0aRD I A eoOOntLa ; AD., WrAT afyLt. TOaR., She died without speechb. Only, as I knelt beshide her and strove so staunch that I cruel 'stream'of blood,'her beautiful, eyes sought minelne' utter 'lo0e, and, as the ltas aeony llho'k. her frame. 'stroee to tend the flmy vdltof" death and speak to !me still;. Thee with one Ioe? -cetented iisghttmy love i was dead, It was scareely a minute before I all was over. I": preseled, one lss kiseupon 'beyet warm lips, tenderly. drew berwbite I mantle acros the pallid faeoi, and Istaggered I from the theatre.. I had not raved.oe proteeted as I lhad done I that same afternoon. ?tee had nil power to make me feel now'; the poln of anguisht was pawed and' to its place eucee.led a numb stupidity more tlrrible by ,f tour, h 'far monre blesed. ' ug M loveowas dead; Then I was dead for aotylealbilltl to mfiesigL that I mposmlesed. Halasmad'cloakIesi. L tepped e o Intoi .tobs rmeezn f .I..g.' nit air nerdlessothe surtous looks olf e passing tb.*'l ~urned Mud walked rNptIly. westward up tibm Sran.d There was a hlrge aed eager ceawd oUtsidf the Ooliseum.., lee already tLhe uws was entedtne:; bat isomethting iniy fae made them gisrooitn and I paed' through thusm aa man iuatsace. " " Theiwhite iohb of the moc wae . hglh in Heaven; the froasa paoraemett sonlded lonlow unher foot ;the lung mtnret stood untlfOr alt Its yellow Raalifht, whim! and distnoetIaatesa the aler 't;but I merked thllngl ';'thils. I went westward teseaus my ham, lay wetwaerd, aid tome tuettost tok?t. I ?wylrgl set thither 'I h.ad'ao prlpost:n . uo e ti or.alho IL elw .ha·tLnf.ttLkdcm mteht heave leena oLty o' SmIdrlnli, I baloed beneath a lamp-pe.P , aod hes. dmly.lto'thlnh Mv lve wee dead that W as the ealle aet ,thst fld+ my ftboaelgh at Bnt e ,1d Ie ?ie .o l aIrit upon my brain, b~tceteld aot, Ut.~ as K at?-od h-se ,eehlfmrnlrllia wih the, tftthibht ,another took 'tlus pls. Wt· 'tho1d+ l',livs','Ol corse uot; ' bettir'endt et ec-? once mursa '1, 3., rildepea?,-e l wrsk'w.!ý 'l?b..?eped-" iielI bohel es - wouldI~'shomejget my rdFobhee'e sher. to wih tshe tumbor woonetlh boy fawhee'eJ qoore, lMd tbeums ke for thetvre. ,:cnteWoutd hOe ee sireatb, end Iaoei sm t ink foe eer. beaore perished, sedo oylife' I seadhmba se s nywasei mc allo ru wi tihs latei meemst h? iprgh the this wse the emr dor wthig bd sss. medesoo wet tou lom..ed'l eolo, t ' itl voi e would''W JsIe neualeet, over grave. whe lae trtent -d e ter, t s?? As I esieoted, the idea, oek yet estonge poemeeelo of me. Teo,'iwee in alltedolet.s the beet. The oen reeld o?ed now.' Brvem Re the Heat of the Ruby tee Blpod ed ite Eyets i lmioaing me ha uIm besthtam lhat would poahe tL -ire. ehell' bet thei portion 'and Blood their, -abeitasneo?" for aver.' For eve? 'No ; ahe rier' ebould weab the blood away oand q.ieoek thlbi-. Then arose nother thet endbsmerei the door of my omeemmbem., ' isanpwates cannot quench love, md ee rn S Bel ood drown it.' 'as'y w~ane-- mswen~ iLn The word whispered ppei . infitiegl io my u e. ' Maln: weasm.' y feet bean Inn o Ithe wo?ed s. ' l "'' i ' I rechemy lod?l ale. ran upetalne. tuoo out the kie and thesin bor,' ad deecnded ageine into tbhe hell. My ladiordbwer lipping down the Iaeh.' He et ast eetng SDo- met Itb-the does Jnet OyeL l Iam going out reain,' I red imply. , ' "?ed oat I thouglht' hd it we you "? jet?oow comef. ,, oi e I hutmasd Itoont agin. hal;im. He evidently thought, me tomad ;.nd l indeedIwee: ...''"t.. .i '.Whet, air, In that dress T You've ot so hat; noB-' . I bed forgotten. ' Trne,' I'maid ;'"' geei hit endoneb' ' ' He eatedend then rn Upetanls for them. Retsrminr, h said:: m .. l :ei ' I have got you thee? elf; but Iean't und them eeu') u nensiItsrl w i. Shoses will do.' I answered. ' I mthave bef, the othensa, the thea .h' : Thias eedo hims = antr' Irsoblet? aer. rtelo he belsdnmeto Idowtb'lo o?l'o .w. yd thin eveilno drdes. 'I elipped' t timne bozxid the key Intothe bs aoketm. e lgeps l ot one more into the naiht t, . lor found bas epeob ? ' Wihen will yobebbk?' il I' ,i The qoustion trata ;mefoi mOsIt ; for a second or woI hoeitated. ', ; - ,. ''I soked beOaumeyeo have noljesh.hke an a I .nppoe youn leit in tour other be . Bo ' It does notmatter' I answered. 'Donot it so. I shell n-ot be back hbefore motinl. and with tbht:1 left hfm till strnding at tho. door, and iie:omng to my foletsepeeathey hurried downhte at n er s SBefore morningI' .Befoloe- monllg ehonuld be In another world, If thee 'were another world, And them it srruck me that Claire aend I mibht meet. She. had taken her own lifeenod o ebould L' Bob oo, no-Heaven would forgive her that ; it onold not condemn my eaintto the pit whre?. Sehould lie. It could not be ao'kidl cruel ; and then I laughed a loud and bitter "lt'ii in my dull stupor I found myself nearing the river. I have not mensltoned it before, but I mast eopltain now, the'dnuing the'smmer I hod purchamed a boat, in whisi my ilatre and I were ued to row I dl between Streatlsey and Plngbonrne, or whitherlsover love guaided our dar. This hoat, with' the approach of. Winter, I ha ctaned to be brought down the rivet and bad.. touted , in' a wsrerman's shed just abshove Westmlnster, until the return of spring should bring baeck once more the hsppyday. of its employment. on my heart I blested the chance that had stared It resdy to my hand. ptumbling through dark and tortuous. streets where the moon's froty brilliance? was almost completely bidden. I came iaslt. to the waterman's door and knocked.. He ws in bed, and for some time my som mons wse in vain. At let I heard oundl io:the room above, tbhe window was let dowe. and a sulky voioe'lad, ' Who' there I' Im that yon, Bagoell2. I answered. Comedown: It is I, Mr. Trenowet, end I want you.' 'Phers wee a Jew curming,- a long paums broken by a muttered dispute upstairs, an then the street door: opened; and Bagoell appeared with a lanetern. Bagnelf, I want my boat.' "~..night, ir ? And st ths hour?' 'Yes, to-night. I want it polioularly.' lBnt itts put sWay behind a dore. othere, and can't be tot.' 'qNever mind. I. will help if you want.. lmistanoe, but I must have is.' , '* -' Hell looked at me fora minute, and' L ncould see that he was cursin? undoi him bretsh. '' eIs Itserious, air? Yon're not--' • SI ms not drunk, if that is what yo msean,. hot perfectly serious, and I, must have mY baoss's WoN't another do ue well . .. ' No, it will not.'. I felt in my pockmte sa.n boonI .two sovereirns 'nd a few mhitlingm. 'Look here,'I said, 'I will give you two p',aeds if you get thim boat out for me.' This conqumred hts renauc'nos ,ie stared for a moment as i mentoneed the snmonunt'. and then haettly deciding that I" w sm etark. mad, tut that.it was none of him.buimeems. prot on hie hat and led the way to- hi, boat w ard " '" B'umbling in the uneoelrtin light over innumerelde timbers, epa, and old oars, we.. reached the' bhed at length, and sLoge her ranaged, after much delay, to get out the. libght boat end let her down to the ware. L rave bhim the two lovererins a. well. a the. few ehlltnge'thal remained in my pocket, and mu , demonded, refloted Igrimly that, after all, they were belter in hs poses Ion ;the man 'who bshould od' my body would hove so much the lee poil. Wehbad earroely spoken wbhi't we were getting the. bot out. and what wordt wem usOd . le? toered i, that whisper which night ilewasl trforces; but as I olambered down, for the ride we now, for out, and Deguall pmased) down the senlile, he asked :: ' When wilyron be back, min?' T:he diame qeutlo I I' gve it.tbhe ee Not before moriug,' ILid, ad' with a. rew strokes was out upon the id anodi peilie down the river. ' .+ I saw him standing thee abe I. .he moonlillht, still wondering, until he faded is she dim hae behind. My boat wee ,tbsh. 'hames dlogey, to thai, although 1 ifet he. ide rmnuig op agtust me it. newrthelei made Ifsr progrets. Whet decided me to poll against the tilde rther than flSe' qpistl upadde I.do noet kow to- the dy. So.. dedenod and 'vague was Il mly hooLghtL thalt. probably nveri. orcurred ? mneto tcorec the diroetlon in bwhich tt .?lifew itrohe had taken me. I..e onelooesU o nothigholt a rowlof lighs.le, glidin,petme on either hmad. 0 be sd Steam a ow or tll beildiong thra elnood p tlot' an i.utlep esinme theet y .l d then semmesl'rm 9i0.O1 'ight ;of.the ceakinig no my senle' it 'the. onreaeed ,owlock;,nend, above alt, the wbits. thimmer of the om lolowin mu beos mei n.. nied to sotepe this pemliteat bhullenceo 'ha -,ill 'cunlg to my boitsideie with evelltyteoe. took;. thst.'iomohn b .dnUil rIlmPt.opam. s.eted me 'when for a moment "I elipped oeueth. the. ihadow of a bidige ou.iepb-. cehind e. blacksad ilsmt hul;: .'ll '~hi I. tonrmoaill now.. and "wonder at'.hte trivi mount of white rIoand foll to wonderngo,' baw itcmnsthpere There h been 'he sam-... ,cant in 'the deaer~wroom that aternoon, n. remembered; wben Clatre bed tlad goodhbe-.. lo ever. How "bed it' folowedmae &lter; this I. mt mslJ allm-sli'to Out sibe fhttle tha pased., lee eoot~t.and bue. b itiln. 'And' all tsh tim tbq w'hi:telig?tcs I was rIll Wilpped p In m icloak.. sthonekthe coep weu halcl , Ve?mw arve heer?iw m; ht l 'fel it 0 moor U t.I od felt the cold' - Islkrd: honme tij:! Siddlisex shore, by the Old TemSt ._. owd pr'ereoly threaded its'way'thrquth .Ie " crowded ehaonnelm sUd" paltect aode' hit blathleas of London Bridge. '. How tat hblow thiI wient, caetigt.,htlyl· call to mind. ".01 distrsol as weelt, etita. hd leo t all'oeoletatloe.; I reewlloot.?LZma?ga aciccit to avoid th• paeNl oahirbec wsItin r ,t sthe eally dawn by Billinlsgei Mare?st end havea imlinn of theWbit- Tower agasinst. the heavses Bun ext itpraelon of a ny uleeus ia thatof voelngunaiic the ebaro of e black thlrmeetated mrhOeto thbale' oleso undvr shoes,. 'lited, 'over ambeto side nlthe tlow.wal;,' he. pey.dlogs.f.' out aealo from' bafh the ovetaging toll I looked. op antjld mI w l word.' Wm ,W.l W I?ob' painted in wllt O her pjtch, y'isw thie pi wmr apu t, tteo' wta?i:t ,roeidabouoiteAtorof stbo oe, -andb -,,A, ltM?tppsd.'I Wbh g fe tuh Tbit "plike e wrpild srl r M waas sty Woher. i !o one :aws likely a bemey tplash'u. I wrt?ltover. as ns'?i?feerde d ove aln ha it"woml&drjo; be in- in ,"'09r6t1d.14' wasN still' Ol?" esnoesh to the s ,' iedlesez hank tb. out of the broad men a Sdbeoit up, tsbe middle o theriver I .l S-.kte'thla bazout of my clak sad stowed i * bt?hr?e ometmi'lheste?. . I would einK it oi with s he key sbefore L:flang msselfin S'. \--.,,ling:tbe hI?ooat of. the other pocket, I b ,,ootk. o1 wbe s10tek, then my dresa-coat ud Is waiattoat,-tr and foblded them Ceare- t l.,i fl' ne pim·eed them on the stem' neat. This donel I sliped. the key into on. pocket a l • ty traloeee.smy watch and chain into the n " other. I would do all quietly and in order. I S taleoted. I we silently kicking off my shoe, I Swhen a thought 'etrock ,me Io my, tla e tasgles it was poelible that the deire of g 1r1e-1wOuld mataer me, and almoet unsod . eiol might lake so swimming. In the J at ddansat Lisard Town swimming had been .1, a": naturel to mesu w1iking.•andIhsd no I ' l i4Sttat as soon aL in the water I should g, bi, to stetrike hot. Could I count upon ,,~, ,dyrmniatioeesoh to withhold myn a e ii ld- let meIelf nlowly drown S- ired re it difleulty ; but I resolvesdto .:nJke eveythilng anue. I took my handker.i chief out of lse coat pocket, and bent dQorwn . to tie my feet firmly together. All thbll I , bi, quote calmlye n and mechanically. Ae far ..hae.oe ran be certain of anytbing at this di-e t ??tneta~ of time, I t.mcertain of this, that no thought of hesitaton came into my head. It was not that I overcame 'any doubts; they uedernoccurred to me. i '. ': 1a we s tooping down, and had alreedy bound the handkerchief o hce around my Situokle.,"wbe my boat teated eoftly atgalnst omesthing. I looked up. and saw onc more kove me a daok shiet bell, ad right above o my head the white letters. Water Witch. ,i n.Toit would never do. My boat bad drifted p the slyiver again with the tid., setro fdrt . eot; baut litse ulsnt, and had rn uoealns the warp by the scbooner's bows. I te.t ..:wl, out again, for otherwise the people bn Sboard would hear me. Ipushedgently aff 1em the-warp and took the eculle, when aqddenly.I .heard voioem back towarde the stern. My fest 'impulte was to get away with all S peed,.ad I bad lready taken half a stroke. S.:,.when.seomtlhing-cued mr bhands to drop and' mr my ht to glei.one wild eap. - S.ceWbat. was. is? Something in the voices? :,:"'Y?e;msomsthlin that brushed my stupor from me as though it ware a oobweb ; some. hinug tht 'made 'm hush my breath, and t.:uain with all my eals to listen. The two: veto wres Ithose of mae and w .woman. Thbe ware aslightly rsted, as if In a quarrel the -woman's pleading and entreat. dog, the man's tbreatening sad etaen. But S:shat was not the reho on that suddenly set;my eoet n eontoIllably betting and all the iood rnhine and turgolin to my temple. e .:Fporin those two oires I recolgnised Mrs. Luttrell and Simon Colliver I - :,!bHave you not doneen ush ' the woman's . it..v e wa sot yinge,, ' Has our oruelt. no end.: thrat you must pursuemoe ot Take S- ?his money, sadiset me go.' hI mnst have more,' wae the answer. h Indoedd,- have. no more juolnow. Go, only go, and I will end you some. I swear ,, I cannot go."' aeid the man, - i '. 5Why * Never. mind..- lamwatched.' Herethe voice muttered some words wbich I oouldnot catcb. 'So thaS ;anoes you wish to see y,'ur Shusband wing-and believe me, my conies. l : a and laes dying; speech would not omit to mention the kind aId Ibad received from yot :and Clatr---' • 'Hush I 'oh,' hush I I I get you hlas money wil you leave ns in peace for a time Knowing your nature, I will not askL tfor pity; only for a sbort respite. I mmst tell .Cite, poor iri ; shbe does not know yet--' Quite softly my boat had drifted onoe more across the schooner's bows. I pulled it round until its noes touched the anchor. chalni and -made the painter fast. Then selipping my hand up the chain. I stood with my shoeless feet upon the gunwale by ;the bows. :!Still grasping the chain. I sprang and swung : mysel out to the jibbooma that. with the cant of the vessel, was not far above the water then pressted my foot between the sty and the brace, while I hung for a moment to listen. SThey ad not heard, for could stillanttch the murmur of their voices. The creak of thejibboom, and the swish of my own boat beneath, hd frightened me at firet. ' It seemed impoesible that it shold not disturb' them. But after a rmoment my courage returned, and I pulled myself up on to the tewepirt, and lying aImoet at full leneth along it, for fear of beingl epied crawled s owlyalongI and dropped nolseleesly, on to the deck. ... They were standilng together by the milen. maat, he with his back turned full towards m hme,'e les entirely averted, so thatI could e :ee part of her face in the moonlght, and thesilvery leam of her grey hair. Yes, it was they, surely enough ; and they had not '-'seen me. My : reveonge, long waited for. was Sin my graup t last., Sudaenly, ael stood there watchlg them, t remembered myr knife-the blade wbich "s rmsad 'slain my father. I had left i helos s?rfool that! was f-in the tin box. Could I Seoep hck again, an d return without atrecl. inog their attention Should I haeard the t" ttempt for the sake of planting that piece of 'steel in Simon Coiliver's black heamt . I was a foolish boght, buhot my whole \- soul was et ponus murder nsow, and the hance of slayring him .wtb the very knife lefLin my father's wound teemed too dear to 'be lightly given up. Moat. likelr he was Armed now, whilst I1 had no weapon but the . asked hand. Yet Idid not think of this, II never even ocourred to me that he would defend' himself. Stll, the' thought of that knife was sweet to me as I crouched there beneath the shadow of the bulwarks. Should SIgo, or nolt f pausd for a moment, unde cided ; then rose slowly erect. As I did so Mrs. Luttreli turned . for an instant end saw me. r aw' As I stood there, bareheaded, with, the S, moonlight shininR full upon my white shirt. .sleeves,. I must have seemed a very ghost ; _':for a' look of abject tenor swept acrose her face ;ber voice broke off, and both her hands were flung up for mercy 'Oh, God 1' Look 1 look l' ' As l:. roslhd torward he turned, and theen Withtheespring of a wild cat, was upon me. ueaust he leapt, my foot rlipped nson the ,:'gresy deck; I' stgRered backward oane step -two stepe-and then fell with a trah down 'ther unguarded forecaels ladder. . . ' " I ' CHAPT&R; X. " , TIL:O1LS e. WHA MANNER LIdB?rtT inar Benac S" :As my'senes' same gretuasly back I could ' dlatingaish ,anarow, dinlty cabin, dimly litl by "one? oflickerI?g oillamp whicbh sugn froth a 'jrafter above. Its faint ray ljust rsevealed the "'trunitoue of the room, which consisted of a 1etmam'e chest-standing In the middle. and ""t'ewO'lunt stools.' On one of these I was etated, psopped aainet tbe onhln: wll, :or, :'rather patttlno, end as I attempted to move I .I leMan thatI was hound b.nd tad loot. I .:. OuLt other etool Optosite me and 'eaide I t ghe uehet eat linlon Collivr, allently eyeiog me." The lamplight as It flared and wavered \+ cast grotesque and dancing Ihadows of she man upen the wall behlhd, me.de of bis 0 ?mgtted hair blsck earas nuder whlob his eses \- t°/lemmed red a f ro, and glfntad lastlynoono r'oielhlog bright lying on lbs ohees befre ".;'?o i minute.or go fLer my eyes first I mred' no word was said. Stilldizoy weeb fall, I stared for a moment at the mac, ar"; 'il the ches, and saw that the beighe] _c?gleaning h re ere my* htand. , my whicoh huhnig, at tlsend i C'. lasf whiph hwas the Golden Clasp. Bu1 nowi "'7tbse fClS i wultted to ite fsllow" and thea ',whbole backle Ily united upon the hoard, , Thouph the bonds around my ams, .wtto?anid ankles caused' me Intolerablei " e?6 '? flls' feeling was rather' of ,1abJeo um~ltiat?iou. •2'o be'caught, hoe I .??aIily.,to he lyleg here like any rat in aIt :,';gln1' thJa was the egonislng hbonght. Nor -w..pe thi ail. There on tbe chest lay theb . ,:i?'fdOe %hlmap nullod at Ist--the workoom. a *.;iet:eltd whacbh ee begun with thai uohoy eI ?,m0 o m. on board the Belte Fortone. I ~~d~~b~. sraightInt Co lltrs's hand. v ~i,?.l w*'ih no hnrry, but sat and watched gI Q+?m here with those intolerably evil eyes. Cf j..ie left hand wu thruat carelessly Inta his [' 1+o?' l.e sod ae he tilted bck upon the sioi t /.+.t.urevyed me, his ,ighi was plIoig wltls a S";"the clap upon the chest. As I' painfluly p nay h e;nad,. a drop of 'bld tame g ;,tlhlo.li"? dwo Into .my oees troi a cut Jl'- .,?, Yforehead; I saw, however, Iiat the door ,*, w hhdtd?.' Asoempty botle and a Plete of I" brken v ictasls Isp' ctrsleelly thust in a m ;I"cstto-er ad vlllalnontl!lo mell trom the rm cmp hued toe whols roaem' and almostI i5"?gj? 3 min; buLtheaolyaoutld In the stillness Ihi ';eb wafOnfr;i::' Loos sgaln'rn unflie,, Pan "' toepeiclae how hewoudd kill me. 'how iong he would akse about it. @1 , l ealbd his woteahq~ etyls .t lie gme?i p aid fom? a lums or twewo atedied saeehotbee in eild`!~an, la; bwiout removing l? e I gaze hatilted his stl forward, slowly drew a fhere, biay ;knife from bie' waistbah, d slipped it oat of i shieath-still without h etakinghbl°f bhaud from his pocket-laid It on tshe table and leant back again. ' I suppose.' he said at let, and very dell. t Sberately, self chewing his worde, ' you know | I thabt if you-attemptto yan out or summon help youaea dead man that instant, . * Well, well, he continued, afterwaiting for a moment for', my reply,' as long ase you nuadelaand that,' it does not matter. Icon I'fees I should have preferred to talk with you and riot merely toyoe. However before I ill yo--and I suppose you guese that I am f going to kill you as soon as I've done with IyouI wish ,tohave just a wbrd, Master e Japer Trenoweth.' Srom the tone in which he said the words o he might have been congratulating me on d some great good fortune. He paused awhile n at if to allow the full force of them to rink a in, Sad' thei took up the Golden Cia-p. Holdingthe pieces together with the fore o finger and thumb of his tibht hand, he r advanced .and thrust its ight under my o sight I 'Dorooee that? Can you read it ?' r As I was still mute he walked back to the chest and laid the Clasp down again. ' AbA t' he exclaimed with a short laugh t horible to hear, ' you won't speak. But p there have been times, Mr. Jasper Treno. weth. when you would have given your ooul ly to lay' hainds upon bthis piece of gold and Slead' what is written upon it. It Is a pity i your' bands are' tied-a thousand pitie. Bus e I do not wish to be hard on you, so Idoea' e mind reading out what is written here. The secret will be safe with you, don't you see? .d Quite-rvfe-with-you.' \- He rotted out these lust words, ore by one, Swith infinite relish; and the mockery no the it d'pths of those eyeq seared mefar moretbmhan Smy bonds. After watching the effecl of his .Q taunt he resumed hil seat upon the stool, en polled the Clap towards him. aderaid Ie 'People'might call me rash for entrnstlegl these eonfidences to ydu. But I do not Ill mind admitting that I owe you some repa ., ration-srme anterior reparation. So. at d I don't wish you to die cursing me, I will he generous. Listen 1' i He held the buckle down upon the table or and read out the insription as follows : le OBTAIT. AT '.' FULL MOON . RND.oOTNL ud 'uotr. 27 ,a . N w . 22 . aeET. d W. . Or , u ,o . ORxoT .ste. 4. a FnT . '6 .G ICHES. DEEP .AT . POINT. it. or iIETING LoW . WATR .11. tOIo.88. He read it through twice, very slowly, and he eah time he heeased looked up to see how Itook it.' I 'Is does not seem to make much sense. doesit ' he asked. ' But wait a minute and i let me parcel it out into sentences. I sbould to not like you to misse oy of its meaning. he Liatenragain.' He divided the writing up thus ; ' Start at'full moon. oEnd South Point 27 feet N.N.W. 22 feet W.'oflRtog. North Side. 4-feet 6 inchei deep at point of meeting, Low water 1 ihoure.' 0 " 'You atill seem puzzled, Mr. Trenoweth. ur Very well I will even go on to explain es. frbter. The person- who engraved' this to Clsap meant to tell us that something-let us on say treasure, for make of argument-could be found by anyone who drew two lines from tie some place unknown; one 27ft. in length in e? direction N.N.W. from the South Point of or that place; the other"22fe. due West of a il ocrtain Ring on the North side of that slme \- place. So far I trust I make my meaning are clear. That which we have agreed to call the it treasure lies buried at a depth of 4lt.'Gio. on tr. the sepot whetse thesetwo lines interet. But an the person (you or .I, for the sake of argo. lh ment) who seeks thin treasure must start at he oll moon. Why? Obviously because the og spring tides occur with a full moon, con're at, uently the low ebb. We mut expect, then, to find our treasure buried tin a pot which is n only uncovered at dead low water; and to a this conclusion I am also helped by the last sootence which eaye. 'Low water at 11 ah hourn." It is then, I submit, Mr. Treno. ot weth, In some such place that we moat look at for our treasure; the only question being, It" Where Is the place ?" ' b I was waiting for this, and a crest tide of g joy swept over me as I reflected that after all he e had not solved the mystery. The Clasp h told nothing. the key told nothing. The ed secret was safeae yet. to . ((o as cosrmaun. 