Died of a Broken Heart. A Chicago trick elephant has died of a broken heart, owing to the death of an elk which the elephant was partial to. Love seems to have the same effect, even upon the humblest of God's creatures. Imagine the strong, able-bodied elephant, stricken with the tender passion, and pining for a sign of recognition from the elk in the menagerie. Observe the two animals, with eyes for no other animals, just contented in each other's company. Love looks love to eyes which speak again, and all that. Imagine the jealousy of the elephant if the polar bear should wink at the elk, or throw a kiss with his great paw at the elephant's ownest own. Only the chain around the elephant's leg and the cage of the bear would prevent a tragedy,,, And then think of the suffering of the elephant when his beloved elk was pining away hup having swallowed the wire band. that came around a bale of iay. At first the 'elk, perhaps. was only pale, and refused food. ?Tlhe attfoidant' would fix up a bran mash, and some delicious cut feed, warm with steaming dish water, but the elk would smile her thanks to the attendant, and decline to eat. The wire was getting in its deadly work on the internals of the dame4)1k, and a the diig eldiphatCould 'only wait for the end, giving suchloring attention to the stricken one as the rules of the menagerie permitted. Those who visited the' show,' and saw ,the elephant perform his tricks in aimechanical way, little knew the burden he bore. His thought were with the dying elk, and when his duties were at' an'end, how he hurried hmolbto hia belovrd elk, to hold her in his strong embrace as life went out. Tenderly he laid her down, and then went to work to die on his ownihok.' Tlhe eheers.of the audience had no charms for the ele phant after the elk was dead, and.he laid down and! breathed a sigl{/ gare Fup the ghost, ~is d both wer?c buri? in the sanid gravre. Come to investigate the case a little further, it seems that the elephant was a`fe lO i id thg e-lk-ivi?i'i -al?r -but there is no use spoiling the etorylfra little thing lihke tha-t.If the.ieaderiwill read "she," when reading of the elephant, and "he," were the elk is spoken of, and exercise a little imagination, there will be no diffi. caltj inf dnderstasdidg that love is terrible when the animals get sick and die, just the same as h?ninsn~' : 