THE HON. J. B. GORDON ON THE TOTALIZATOR. XO THE EDITOBa Sir—I am much indebted to you for the opportunity of speaking to a large section of the community upon what iB a question of great moral interest. The Hon.-J. H. Gordon-affeota to despise it as such. He says—" A good deal of rubbish had been talked about this question. . . It had been approached as a great moral question." If this be correct candor compels me" to say that .the " rubbish'' has emanated from the bon. gentleman's side of the House. Take the addreBB under review. Whilst one can admire its astuteness, its lamentable weak ness muBt be apparent to every thoughtful reader. I read the speech through several timeB, but could not find the ghost of a sub stantial argument to show why the State should legalise gambling. There are remarks of this kind—the people would have races; the people would have cards; the people would go to the theatre; they would bet, but there are no reasons advanced why the State Bhould give them inducements to' bet and facilities for bo doing. The hon. gentleman Bays—"The question waB should those who wished to promote the amusement of horseracing be allowed to engage in a lottery in connection with horseracing." This is a very mild way of putting the issue, and the hon. gentleman must be complimented upon his tactics, But whilst it iB Bmart it is in correct, The moral feature of the case is hidden, These are the questions at Btake— Should the State legalise gambling to furnish money for those who wish to promote the amusement of horseracing ? Should the. State, by immoral legislation, offer special induce ments to its subjects to gamble ? Mr. Gordon sayB, "The fears expressed that youths would be drawn to bet were mostly groundless." The qualifying word "mostly", is very suggestive. The hon. gentleman knew that there was an amount of truth in the Btatemeht. A large proportion of the' persons who attend races, are young men, and when we consider that raceB are held over a considerable part of the colony, at which, no doubt, the totalizator will be used, it is easy to'see how general the temptation to gamble will become. A young man refUBed to Bign the petition againBt the totalizator because he did not with to stultify himself. If the Bill became law he thought that he might venture some money on the totalizator. Whilst one can admire consistency, it iB to be regretted that the Legislature of a professedly Christian country Bhould place special temptation in the way of young men. Mr. Gordon's speech was not only weak but inconsistent. The hon. gentleman stands self-oondemned, He says— "He hoped that he would not be understood as an advocate forgambling, ; It was true that all kinds of gambling had an injurious influence upon industrious and economical habit, and that in the public interest it wa3 well that gambling should be -limited." - Further on in hiB speech he represents the gambling interest as lying at the " bottom or foundation of the great progress that humanity had made." He quoteB, with ap proval, an " exquisite essay" upon " a clean swept hearth, and the rigor of the game," in which the writer says—" No inducement could ever prevail upon her to play at any game where chance entered into the composition for nothing," Mi. Gordon further says—"People must have cardB, and they would not play cards for nothing." In one part of his speech the hon. member speaks of gambling as in jurious, and yet the greater part of his address is a plea for gambling. Where is the con sistency ? Not only are there the elements of weakness and inconsistency in the deliverance, but it is personal. Speaking of those who oppose the legalisation of gambling in general, and of the president of the Wesleyan Con ference in particular, Mr. Gordon sayB—"He knew well the character of the men who had Bigned the petitions [against the Bill] which were before the House. Let him take the Rev. J. HaBlam aB an example. He had. not the honor of his acquaintance, but he was pretty safe in saying he did not smoke; he did not drink any kind of alcohol; he did not play cards; he did not go to the theatre; he did not dance ; he did not go to races; he was practically, in relation to .the lives of nearly all the rest of the world, an ascetic. He represents what might be called the centripetal force in morals and conduct. . He would not choose him as a guide in such a matter as this," ie., the legalisation of gambling. Now let me reverse the argument, and since the hon, member can afford to be personal let me make a personal application of his language;—"I know well the character of the men who are in favor of the legalisation of gambling. Let me take the Hon. J. H.:Gordon :tor-example. From the character of his speech I may assume that he smokes; he drinks alcohol; he plays cards; he goes to the theatre; he dances he goes to the raceB; be is practically an Epicurean. He represents the .centrifugal force in murals and conduct, I would not choose him as a guide in such a matter as this,' the legalisation of gambling." The hon. gentleman may not admire the satire, but he must hot cry out if he is whipped with a scourge of his own twisting. That I am justified in retorting Mr, Gordon's language upon himself is evident from the following remarks in hiB speech:—"Take alcohol, cards, theatres, dancing, and races out of the world, and what had they for more than half of it? The man whose experience did not reach to these amusementBwaB, he thought . ; a man of imperfect knowledge and contracted sym pathy." The inference to be drawn is that the hon, gentleman's experience does reach to these things, and he is a man of perfect know ledge and boundless sympathy. If the Bill for the legalisation of gambling becomes law it will not be because the country has asked for it; not because it will be in any way a. boon to the community; but because a certain section m the Legislature desire it. —I am, &c.;, I d.tt. Petersburg, September 6,1888. 