Theatrical Slapg. To a large extent theatrical slang is - matter of abbreviation. Thej" Profession seldom use a whole word whan part will do as well, and they begin by .calling thi m- selves " pros." A theatrical potice in the newspapers is not a "paragraph." but i " par." " Biz " is " busines?,"ibut there are two kinds of it—" good biz r means full " houses ;" when " biz " is bad the treasury is empty, and "the ghost [walks," The actor's " biz," however, is quite a different thing, and so important thai it is often given its unabbreviated name of ' business." Tt includes all the player's by-iplay. Hamlet's trifling with Ophelia's fan in the play scene, the clown's manipulation of the poker, the funny man's antics with , the whiskybottle, Dundreary's hop, are all the special " business " of the gentleman wjho plays tinpart. The " business " is often not in th- " book." It is frequently introduced by thi 1 creator of a part, tradition handing it do»~n from generation to generation. Business " in old plays has been traced back to before the days of G-arrick ; indeed, tbfe creators of some of the Shakesperean characters are still, it is believed, followed in their Ireadings by the old school of actors.; Oowleyjand Kempe, for instance, are responsible for the " business " of Dogberry and Verges ; and the waistcoats of the first gravedigger in " Hamlet " are as old as the 17 th century. "His original character " is a line the actor likes to be able to add to his name in the playbill, It really means that the "original business " of the part is his. 1 When one character's business is so great às to be the chief feature of the play, the piece is called after him. Thus, tjie popular farce " Turn Him Out" is "Nobb's Piece." "Business in this sense was in use in theatrical 1 circles 130 yeaTs ago ; and long before, maybe. The classification of players according to their line of business is little thought of nowa-days. Until lately, however, it was very arbitrary. The " heavy man " was he who played such parts as Hamlet's uncle, lugo. the " tiger " in the " Ticket-of-Leave Man." Cassio was "walking gentleman the " utility man " was he who made himself useful ; the " low comedian " could not poach on the preserves of the " light comedian there were " old women " (first and second). " singing chambermaids," " leading juveniles " and " boys." These terms are still in daily use, but long " runs " will be the death of them. An actor is chosen nowadays to fill one part, when formerly he played a hundred parts in a season. The manager of a " stock company " was always ^careful to have his " heavy man," " chambermaid," Jcc., and his " scores ' of plays—that is to say, his lists of dran atis persona; in thé pieces he had down for } roduction bad opposite each name, in pencil-marks, the technical term for the man w'jo w uld play-it. Instead of " Hamlet—Mr. So and-So," the score read " Hamlet—leading juvenile." Old-fashioned managers and play-wrighta still have this custom. The term " run " was used above. Fielding as in the same sense. When the player is in the provinces he is " on the road "—the phrase obviously a relic of the times when a*.tors played in;barns and journeyed from town to town in waggons. Some companies only go to the small towns, when they are said to be " doing the smalls." Members of provincial companies are "oat," To have a part in the piece being jplayed is to be " on." If yon do not know youi words you are a " fiuffer," and to " queer the managers'» pitch " is to disappoint him. Few actors who play a variety of parts are well acquainted with any part of a piece but their own. They trust to the " cue " to keep them right. The " cue " is the sentence spoken bv another which thay have to follow. Often they only watch for the last word of the sentence. Then the " cue " is " the word." "Fat " is a popular slang term for good business—a telling speech or anything elgp that the actor can make much of. By the by, "fat " is the popular slang term in several trades and professions, : meaning something different in each. The compositor's " fat," for instance, is a blank space for which he is paid without having any type to "set.' Kosalmd's prologue in " As You Like It " is a " lovely tag," that being a " tag " in which the player addresses the audience. These are known as " the front of the house," aad the theatre is the "shop." The play itself is called the "show." This term is but a year or two old, but is already popular, iluch more ancient is the " gods " for the occupants of the gallery, " Props," the abbreviation in use for " properties," is a very important term. Everything stored at the theatre for use on the stage is a " prop ; " these are the manager's props. The actor's props are the articles of clothing which he has to provide for himself. These vary according to the status of the company ; managers of repute providing everything except tights and a few other articles, while needy managers like their company to have a " wardrobe " of their own. " Piot " is used with a somewhat peculiar significance. There are a number of "plots" to every play. Thus the "scene plot " is a list of the various scenes. The *' flyman's plot " is a list of the articles required by the flyman, or man in the " flies." There is similarly a "gasman's, plot." The " property plot " includes ail properties used in the piece, and the prompter is responsible for their all being to hand at the proper time. The least importantof the prompter's duties, indeed, is to prompt. ; > x 0 get a "reception" is to be welcomed ^th appose from the frontwhen you make y<»« fi»t appearance for the evelaing ; to W y onr * "«f P> ^ ohe ? red back ^ acknowledgments when yon go off. Qmte as much store is 6et on a reception as on a call. The ione means that you are .recognised as a favorite, the other that, you have made a "hit." The "star," or leading player, is put sadly out of countenance if he comes on in silence; and the super " has sometimes to suffer for it * By ^u^g « 8upers " " supes," the actor contrives to get rid of the second sy 1^^ of ''supernumeraries." "Super" is vaguely used at times to include the chorus ; though, the ladies of the latter, at all events, 1 recognise a difference. They sing, while the super is mute. The ballet-lady, on the other hand, does not sing—she dances.' Of coarse there are slang terms for these ; and here is a true little anecdote explaining the difference between a chorus-girl aad a ballet-lady, A few weeks ago, some one asked an actor in a comic opera if hi^ wife, who is also on the stage, played in the same piece. " Ho," he said gravely, " she is| not a singer; she's a kicker." When an actor is ont of an engagement he advertises in the chief theatrical paper that he is "waiting" or "resting." Managers making np a company invite "capable people "to" write in." They are pretty sure to address the ladies who respond as their "dear child." If Shakespeare is to be played, only those " artists " need apply who are " well np " in the " legitimate." A manager of the old school will ask them what they " sell," meaning what kind of parts they play. Preference is given to a comedian for farce or bnrlesqne who can" gag," or introduce matter of bis own into a piece on the spur of the moment—a reference to a meeting of the loctil City Council, for instance] If the business is bad the house is filled with " dead-heads " — persons Invited to 46I gratis These have a written admission from the manager, and lienc^ the term a " paper juse." Cut of theatrical slang there is no 