IN DE4DLY PERIL: [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] A STRANGE CHRISTMAS STOR? OF MINING LIFE. BY JOHN PENDLETON, Author of' In the Furnac' Glare,' ' A Terrible Secret,' 'That Naughty Girl,' Au. [All Rights Reserved.] ' You will not dream of going down the pit to-day, sir?' Baid the bauksman, tauuhing bis cap. ' Why uot,' I replied, rather chagrined. 'Well, you see,' he said, rubbing his chin, reflectively, 'we always try to dissuade gents like you from going down. We can never tell what may happen; and it will be awkward' (be called it ' orkard') ' if you're killed.' I thought tbe man migbt be joking. But the forefinger of bis right hand kept moving, slowly aud seriously, across bis chin. There was not the faintest indica tion of fun, either at the deeply-lined corners of his mouth or in his eyes. His lace was earnest, solemn, ana, tnougn i do not profess to be easily upset, tbe mau's manner impressed me more thau I cared to own. I bad left tbe lamp room bravely enough a 'linute or two previously, anxious to get down the mine. Now fear seemed to be creeping round my beart. 'Tbe gent will be all right, Dick.' said a short, tbick-set miner, black as Erebus, by my side. This miner had ' the ex quisite gift of humour.' His eyes twinkled with merriment, and his fat face expanded into a great emile, as he added, thoroughly enjoying the dis comfiture I tried in vain to conceal, ' Tbe gent will be all right, Dick. Tbe manager says I bave to see bim down the sbaft, aud give bim iuto tbe care of Big Tom.' The banksman muttered to himself Perhaps he did so to distract attention from tbe startled look that came into bis eyes. ' Are you ready, sir?' asked tbe merry miner, turning towards me and speaking, I thought, a little too abruptly. 'Yes,' I replied desperately. Up the sbaft glided tbe cage, and stopped witb a clang at the pit bank. ' Now, sir. Quick,' said tbe short, fat miner. I was burned on to the iron foot-plate of the cage. Witb my right hand I clutched the cross-bar ; with my left I gripped tbe safety lamp. ' Hold faBt, sir,' said the miner, grin ning, as be stepped blithely after me. The bell rang. There was a wnirr of machinery, A noise as if a band of Siberian exiles were clanking above me in fetters. Tbe floor of the cage seemed to be leaping away from me — plunging wildly ioto a terrible abyss. The day light faded. I felt as though I was flying through a dark, damp, clammy sky. The darkness increased— decreased as rapidly, and the cage droppiug »teadiiy through a glimmering light, reached tbe bottom of the shaft. I whs thankful tbat I bad come so far alive ; yet bad a wild yearning to get back. I was dazed — bewildered. In tbe lamp lit corridor the greatest confusion seemed to prevail. .Everything about me looked uncanny— weird. Half-a-dozen creatures with hoarse voices and black faces, looking more like imps than men, were running corves to and fro. Tbe shouting, tbe din was brain cracking. Tbe echoes made my flesh creep. They died away, and sprang into life again in tbe most sur prising manner. I imagined that these echoes, spreading to every working place in tbe mine, crept elowly behind the collier at bis toil, and whispered mysteri ously in his ears 'There's a stranger in tbe pit !' Nor shall I forget the noiseless slouch of tbe miners, as they penetrated, safety lamp and tea can in hand, iuto tbe re ceases of tbla subtenanean workshop. It filled me with awe. A door was suddenly thrown open, and I was conducted into a well-lighted room — a room bricked, arched, and white washed. Tbe walls were covered witb plans of the workings, and instructions to tbe men in case the mine should be flooded, or lire be found in the pit. A miner's kitten, shaking itBelf out of sleep, came slowly towards me, and rubbed its back against my ankles, pos sibly iu sympathy. At a little table sat a man with his face to tbe light. It was the deputy who had charge of the workings. He had a fine face, though it was covered with coal dust ; a firm mouth, half-hidden by a dark drooping mouatache ; a firm chin, a Grecian nose, and a hroad forenead, be neath wbicb his bright black eyes gleamed witb a kind/y light. Tbe man, I knew, was of gigantic stature, though be was seated. His great, broad shoulders stretched half the length of tbe table: bis hands were large, strong, sinewy. Tbere was a look of power about bim tbat strangely attracted me. I hoped be nrna tn lia mcr rvn fi^n thvnitivli (ha nU ' Good day, air,' he said, rising, and grasping .my right band. ' I suppose you are tbe gentleman wbo wishes to go through the mine?' ' Yes,' I remarked, gazing with ad miration at his tall form. ' Are you Big Tom?' I hazarded. ' Tbat is my name iu the pit. You are,' he continued, referring to a letter on tbe table, ' Sidney Wild, dramatist, in search of a strong situation for your new play.' 'Yes, that is my object in coming here.' ' Well, I think we can oblige you,' be said laughing. ' But I hope you have a strong nerve ?' ' I'm not easily frightened,' I replied, trying to laugh as heartily as he bad done, but failing In tbe effort, and hav ing (I am thoroughly ashamed to own it) ratber an inclination to sob. Tbe air was grave-like. I was rendered sickly by tbe vitiated atmosphere. I was altogether ill nt ease, aud half demented by the noise. The steel track might have been laid on my brain, and the loaded corves running through my head, so acutely did I feel tbe rush and crunch of every wagon as it was propelled to tbe shaft. I would have given a fortune, and abandoned all hope of fame, if at that moment of hyper-sensltiveness I could bave stood in God's Bunshine on the pit bank. ' You bave chosen a strange day for your adventure,' said Big Tom gravely, having r,o doubt a shrewd idea of my mental perturbation. ' What do you mean I asked in some surprise. Big Tom, wbo was making an entry iu the report book on tbe table, put aside his pen, looked at me searcbingiy, and Ignoring my question, said. ' It's not too late to go back — to go up tbe sbaft again if you like.' ' No, 'I retorted, my pride overooming my fear, ' I would ratber go forward. I am not afraid,'1 Yet I oould not belp wondering what he meant by saying tbat I had oboaen a strange day for my adven ture. ' Don't you know It's Christmas Eve?' he said, with what I considered quite un necessary amazement, 'Yes,' I Tetorted.a little brusquely, 'But there's nothing' alarming In that *Iq there?'1 ^ ? ? ?' Well;' be' remarked, twirling the left ' end of bis moustache between his fore finger and thumb, ' perhaps I ought not to tell you.' 'Oh. don't liesit. ite,' I said, nettled at these Cissaii'ira lik-i attempts to get me up (he shaft again. 'Toe hot i-, then.' he ontinii»d, watcolnu m' intently, 'Christmas Eve is an unlucky diy in this pit. I bave heeu here twenty years now, and have noticed to my dismay that the mine always claims a victim on Christmas Eve. I caunot understand it. Tbe ventilation may be never bo eood. The greatest care may be taken. But before the bells ring in a merry Christmas at the old church yonder' (pointing upward with his great blackeued hand, in the direction of the village church, some half mile from tbe pit biDk), ' there is sure to be at least one lifeless form in tbe working.' ' You dou't mean that— never !' I aaid aghast, and my heart palpitated with a strange, though it might he a groundless fear. ' It's true,' he answered, sadly. 'There is a curse on the pit ou this day — the day that should be tbe brightest in all the year to the miner. Above ground, as you know, there will be festivity. Kindly greetings, meetings of old friends, the father's heart will be gladdened at his daughter's safe return from her bread winning in aome great citv. tbe mother's eyes will fill witb tears nf joy as she wel comes her lad home aeain after his first tussle with the world. Happy faces will encircle many a fireside that we make brigiitwith our perilous toil; but here tbere will be calamity.' Tears stood in the deputy's eyes, and his lips quivered. I was laboring under a strong emotion now — I had almost forgotten my own terror in pity for this mining Sisyphus, who bad been striving year after year to roll disaster out of the mine. 'Cannot you account for it in any way?' I asked. 'No;' he replied, in a serious tone, ' without it is to be accounted for in tbia way — She's always about at this Urn'. ' She !'' I exclaimed, surprised, 'Who's she?' imagining vaguely that he must be referring to tbe heroine in a recent novel. ' The Weight !' he replied, with asigb. ' Tne Weight ! What on earth do you mean ?' I asked. 'This is what I mean,' he went on. 'There are three things the miner dreads flea m.to. anH flia roulirhr ! T f I ? a safety lamp the collier may escape the explosion's blasting breath. If water breaks iuto tbe pit he can run for his life. But if ' the weight ' comes od— if She's about,' Big Tom added suddenly, seizing my right wrist, and piling with excitement, ' there is no escape ! In a moment the earth itself moves. The propB break as if they were matchwood. Tbe roof gives way like a house of cards. Tbe stone and coal fall with a migbtv thud. There is a shout of despair— a startled cry — a moan ; aud the collier, who bas been thinking of his wife and little ones, of the tidied hearth, the Christmas tree, tbe feasting and jollity of tbe next, two days during which the pit will be idle aud the men at play, is crushed out of ail semblance of life. It's horrible,' he continued, wiping his eyes with a piece of greasy cotton waste. ' Little Punch, the pony driver, was crushed to death last year; Ranting Charley (he was a local preacher) was buried alive tbe year before ; and the master's son was found dead beneath a heap of bind aud broken posts two jearB back. Somebody is sure t.o be killed in tbe mine to-day — it might be you, sir,' he said, witb sudden intensity. ' Nonsense,' I retorted, thinking after all tbat the big deputy waa not as brave as he looked, and that be was giving way to superstitious cowardice. 'There's no nonsense about it,' he said severely. ' Its retribution. Its grim justice. The earth is only claiming a recompense— a cruel recompense for Christ's crucifixion.' 'What?' I exclaimed, staring at Big Tom, startled at the wild originality of this thought, aud beginniug to question tbe man's sanity. 'I'm all right here,' he said, drawing his right hand across his brow. ' I'm sane enough,' he observed, guessiug my thoughts and indulging in a peculiar smile. 'A fire trier weut mad in tbe pit the other day, and we found him singing hymns and playing witb a naked light iu the return air way. The wonder is we were not all blown tn Jericho. But there's no madness about me. I'm as aaue as any statesman. Still, going about the pit on our lonely tramus to see tbat all is safe, we fellows g-t singular fancies. This is mine. I look upon the earth not as a senseless m ts9, but as a being. I feel certain tbat it is alive. Anyhow it is never still, never silent, and it is most restless on Christmas Eve. Then it speaks In the strangest voices. It moves hideously ; the gas hisses aud seethes in tbe beading; supernatural lights gleam on tbe coal face, which iudulges in fright ful grimaces— 'mikes faces' at you. The roof is shattered by gas, and crashes down without warning, iu most unex pected placeB. The dangers of tbe pit ou this day are legion. There is disaster in the air. You bad beLter go up the sbaft air — and come another day.' 'Notilyoii will take me now,' I re plied. ' Having got thus far, I should like to see the pit, whatever the peril.' I had au idea that li g Tom was piay iue some prank with me— that it would afford bim a rare laugh if I weut up tbe shaft again. 'Then you insist on goiug through the workings,' he asked. 'No. I don't insist,' was my reply; ' but I reaily should like to see how tbe miners get tbe coal. And, candidly, I don't place much faith lu yourCnristmas Eve forebodings.' ' Very well, then,' he remarked, with what I thought was rather a sinister smile. 'Now we perfeoily understand each other. Perhaps, after all, my fore bodings are childish. But I bave been strangely unnerved to day.' Big Tom did not say wbat bad arisen to disturb bis Imperturbability. He looked at his watch - went to the tele phone, and asked, ' Is tbere any fire in the fire bank?' (really ' benk,' or work ing place, iu which the miners hew the coal). By-and-bye a voice answered from a distant part of the pit, 'No trace of fire ' now, sir, ventilation good.' ' Thai's lucky,' muttered Big Tom. giving a keen look at tbe safety lamp I carried, and placing a collier's cudgel, a short alpen-stock, in my hand. 'Tbe road is very rough, and tbe root low,' be said ? ' keep at my heels, and take care to bend your bead when I shout.' 'Thank you,' I said, clutching my safety lamp, and wildly keeping on his track as he threaded his way through the maze of corves that were being hurried to tbe pit bottom. Now we were in tbe main road. The floor, as Big Tom had said, was uueven. Aoross It were fixed wooden sleepers sucb as one sees on a railway track. On the sleepers ran the steel rails over whicb the loaded corves came from the distant workings. Between the sleepers were slimy pools, made of coal dust, and tbe water that dripped continuously from the roof. The aubterrauean pathway along which I stumbled was awTul In its dark ness. The glimmering light of tbesafety lamps only intensified tbe gloom. Dimly it shone on ihe great wooden pillars .that propped up the roof, oil the- gleaming faoe of the coal, on the refuge holes into which we h'ttd to dasU to let the corves go Iiv. Tbe hauling wirp bisect and waked «s it went to and frn drawing its train of wag -ub. Now a miner passed un with black face and teeth glMt-uing whif. He seemed to be hnunding, with bent bank, into chaos. A trapper would pop bin I) pad out of tl-' cavernous hole in which in darkness hii1 solitude he earned bis daily bread. A pit pony, nurprlned al my blundering tread, so different from tbe miner's footfall, lifted its head from tbe Bodden hay by the damp wall side, and pushing its mine almost into my cheek, evidently wondered ' Who nre you?' For two mile0 this went on, lights ever glimmering in tbe distance. All around us awe-insplrine; nniaes, mingled with strange echoes that nnw resembled tbe shrieks of bodies in pain, and then demoniac laughter. Atone part of the road tbe the heat wa» so intense that the perspiration trickled down my face; in another the atmosphere was so icy that I shivered and could sctroely hold the lamp. Collier after collier had passed us by the time we reached the level. They bad gone by, like a phantom procession, with bent knees, bent hacks, bent beads a! in ob t without uttering a word. Big Tom had not spoken, except tn oay ' Head, Blr,' aB we passed along the road where the roof waB the lowest. I likened him to a human will-o'-the-wisp that might lead me tteacherously to deatb ; and yet, though my heart went pit-a-pat and fluttered at the terrifying noises and darkness about me, I feltenme confidence tbat tbe man with the giant form would bring me safely nut of tbe pit. Suddenly Big Tom halted opposite a broad heavy door. 'This is the way to the far bank,' he said. ' Have you had enough of tbe pit, or will you go on ?' ' I will go forward,' I replied. He pulled open the door. Through it came a gust of wind tbat made me stagger— th*t nearly threw me ofl my feet. 'Close the door after you,' shouted Big Tom. I did so. It went to with an angry, menacing bang. O i it was painted it) red letters : 'No miner must piss here with a de fective safety lamp — dangerous ground ' The air, as soon a« the door was closed, became nauseous. A dull, aching pain tonic possession of my temples. I thought, In a hopeless sort of way, that I was stronger than Atlas. He carried the world on his shoulders. I seemed to be carrying it on my eye- brows. And my nostrilB rebelled at the foul at mosphere that had I he odour of the cbar nel-honse and the dissenting room. At least to nothing else can I imagine it. The light in my s-ifety lump seemed to shrink ; then tn litre in a blue haln. It was very pretty. The Dame leapt eagerly to this dnlicate ring of colour that might have been nomoasBed by fairy fin gers. Yet it made me pbudder. It re minded me of anight at Be» years ago, when tbo moon looked nut of its beaute ous film of blue and grey, and shone with a mocking cruel light on tbe white face of the drowning skipper, in his last wild struggle with tbe storm-tossed waves. ' Are you asleep, man ? For God's sake make haste!' said Big Tom, drag, ging me unceremoniously along the dark way. ' There's fire here .'' he whispered with unsteady voice. ' How silent it is too —follow me !' he added nervously, Tbere were black cloths that felt like shrouds bung across the narrow road. He lifted these so that I might pass be neath tbem. Tben, reaching another broad heavy door, be opened it, and through the doorway we crept cautiously on our bands and knees— '-ur safety lamps booked to our belts. We had reached the far bank. It was in darkness. There waB not tbe faintest ray of light except that cast by our own lamps on tbe threshold. Not a sound of toil could be heard. Only the drip, drip of water. Tbe bank was deserted ! ' My God ! Tbe men have gone !' said Big Tom, In a sort of wail, and breathing heavily. And a gust of wind, hurrying rudely past us, took up his words, and flung tbem against the bank-side, from which they rebounded in new phrase. ' What, fools you arc — the wise men have gone !' were the words dashed in our teetb by the boisterous wind.' But there was not a soul about except Big Tom and myself; unless the bank was haunted by a ghost, tbat libeGalatea . was endowed with the gift of speech, tbe words were never uttered, were simply the feverish creation of my own fancy. ' It is not three o'clock yet,' aald Big Tom. breaking in abruptly on my foolish reverie, ' but all the men have cleared out. I was afraid of this. We are lost — we shall never leave the bank alive ?' ' Why ?' I asked in dread. ' Is there not time to escape ?' 'No ; the weight is enmiog on,' be re plied nervously. ' She's been bere al ready — can't you taste the vixen's poison ous breath in tbe air ?'' Tbe atmosphere certainly was vile. It was hot, parching, choking, as if mixed with sulphur ; and yet t 'ere was-noisture everywhere. Water trickled and steamed down the wooden props tbat kept up the face of the coal. It slowly accumulated iu great black drops on tbe j tgged ledges of the seam. It gathered in a thick slimy stream on the rocky floor of the bank. And in the far corner of the ebony-like cave from which the miners bad evi dently hurried with fear, the coal seemed to be frizzling. It crackled, and split, and fell crashing in great slabs on the ground. It hissed, as if every pore in the black surface was a serpent's tongue. I waB terrified— dismayed, and I turned wildly, intending to rusb from the bank. ' Not quite so fast, sir,' said Big Tom, in a strangely altered tone. ^ seizing me roughly, grasping my white necker chief and coat collar with bis left hand. *4 You 'are a dramatist,' be went on with & sneer, ' a dramatist io search of a strong situation. You Bball not he dis appointed. You shall bave a situation strong enough for any stage — a situation with a splendid climas that will bring down the house !' . The bank echoed with strange laughter tbat died awBy in a merciless chuckle. Big Tom Had (Jonb if ad ! There was no doubt about it. The deserted mine, and his superstitious dread of 'tbe Weight,' had turned bis brain. „ . . ' What a pity you can't put the next act in your new play,' be said, mockingly, never relaxing his hold. ' It would make your fortune, good sir — the people like something sensational now-a-days, don't they ? he added, with sneeriDg per suasiveness. , , The man's crafty leer and cunning look, and stealthy, panther-like move ment, told me Jintuitlvely that I bad to struggle with a maniac. Dowd the bank, over great pieces of rock, and jagged lumps of coal, be dragged me, JaugbiDg sardonically mean while. ' I was like a child in his grasp. ( The dew of death seemed already to be gathering on my forehead. ? What hope of escape was tbere from this madman? None ! ... ? Myibeadyand my heart ached with hopelessness : my limbs trembled, and would not support me. ? ' You're a nice dramatist, hissed Big Tom. ?' Wty the situation Is altogether too strong for you !' and he laughed 1 fiendishly, revelling in my terror. | Resting agiiust one of the packs that had lieen built to bold up the roof was a (lick — a pateut steel hoop pick, with points almost as sharp as needles. I saw it gleaming in the fitful light cist, hy my safety lamp. Now. an he dragged me towards it, I realised his merciless intention. The madman meant to kill me — to slav me, in nnm( th ia pirk crashing through iii)' lienrt The awfulneasof the place had noterior fir hiin, now his mind was uuhiuged. He had no pity for me. Big Tom had bfen transformed into a fieiKl. ' It's realistic, isn't it.' be said, mockingly, gmsiiing the pick with his right, hand, hiuI grinding his teeth in muniic i age, ' Oh. horror,' I gasped. ' Have meriy !' But the bileful light grew fiercer in bis eyes. ' Thi« — iB — the— climax,' he said, jerk ing out the words venomously, and raising thi- niek swiftly ahove his head. 0*i, CM ! I ciuld not die like this. I must make one frantic struggle for life, rtesperation gave me courage. Nay, I think I went mad too witb dread. I wrenched myself, somehow from Big Tom's grasp ; and the pick- point, crash ing downward, buried itself in the coal face instead of in my heart. ' Curse you— I will kill you yet,' screamed tbe madmhn, as I crawled dazed to my feet, and scrambled in terror out of his reach, while he strove to tear tbe pick nut of the coal. He tugged at it in vain. Tbe pick would not move. He abandoned it with an oath. Then be crept toward me, witb a devilish light iu his eyes, and bis big bands strangely working. Big Torn meant to strangle me. I crowered in tbe far corner of the bank limp aud helpless — heart-sick. There was no escape now. The adventurous dramatist would soon be lifeless. The curtain would speedily go down on tbe terrible play— the realistic tragedy. Tbe situation was— how bitterly I acknow ledge it— 'altogether tno strong for me.' Nevertheless, so closely does a man's profession permeate his nature, tbat I could not avoid thinking what a grand hit tbis dramaLic scene would make on tbe stage. The gloomy bank, my cower ing form and terror-Btricken face, tbe madman creeping towards me In a par oxysm of rage— tbe flash of limelight, tbe crowded house in a thrill of suspense ? Ugh! Why did I shudder? Dtamatic art and possible fame had gone, like a flash out of my brain. My mind was in the pit ngsin. I thought I could feel Big Tom's relentless grasp about my throat. The light in the safety-lamp fwliich still bung from his belt) changed colour — in turned pink, and then to the tint of blood, sod suffused the bank with a ghastly light, through wbicb a demon's face was peering. It was Big Tom's face, working witb hate, as he thirsted for my life ! Craftily he creut towards me, past a hnlf-loaded corve, and over a great slab of coal that was lying ready for the wedger. He crouched to spring. I felt his hot breath— was dismayed at tbe look in bis eyes. Death was very near now, and yet how terrihle it was to.die ! Perhaps you will nothelieve it, seeiug that Ii'it dramatist, hut I prayed ! And Rig Tom, catching a word of supplication, laughed defiantly, and mimicked me with a sardonic glee. But his glee, mad though he was, soon turned to terror. The earth tremblpd. There was a noise louder than thunder. The bank cracked, and reeled on the thick props. ' She's here again,' gasped Big Tom, a great fear, as well as the madmau'e light, in his eyes. 'The Weight' had come ! The Vixen was flying savagely about tbe pit. Had she, I wondered, like Medusa, her hair entwined with serpents, for I bad never beard such hissing on tbe earth or iu tbe earth before. Never, in my wildest imagery, had I conjectured anything so terrifying. The heat was intense. The coal broke out. aa it were, into a hot sweat. Tbe bank filled witb vapour. My heart felt as though it were between a Gorgon's teeth. I clutchpd madly at my throat. I could not breathe— was this suffocation — death ? The madman, crouching in front of me, passed his right hand across his forehead, and great beads of perspiration trickled through his fingers. ' It's rather warm.' be said sarcasti cally, gapping for breath ; ' hotter than on a summer night in the theBtre — hot enough to roast ail the chesuuts ' (old jokes) ' in your play,' he added maiici ously, with a smile that lost some of its scornful venom as it struggled for expres sion through tbe froth— the maniac froth — that encircled his lips. I strove to reply to bis taunt, but in vain. I was speechless, well nigh asphxi ated. . _. „ ' You shall not escape !' Big Tom muttered feebly, crawling a little nearer. ' I will kill vou ! A collier's life is no sop for our Lord's death. You sball be the victim. It should count something to I offer a dramatist up as a sacrifice, as some slight recompense for Christ's cruci fixion 1' and be laughed again, a heart less. blood-thirsty laugh tbat made me quail. Tbe light from his lamp glimmered to the left of the bank. Ob, God ! I was not hemmed in then ! Tbere, just beyond me, was a cave, dark, dreadful, full of weird shadows; but it might lead to safety, to freedom ! How sickening was tbe carbonic acid in the air; would it poison me on tbe threshold of escape? I rose witb difficulty. But hope— a wild longing for life— dashed aside my fear. I staggered towards the cave. Big Tom, scrambling to bis feet, reeled after me, with a curse on bis lips, in pursuit. . With my teeth set, and my hands clenched, I took six or seven steps on ward iuto the cave. My lamp had dark ened—going out. But there was a faint gleam of light be- 1 bind me— It was from Big Tom'*; lamp. And I could hear his heavy breathing, low down, near tbe floor of the cave. The madman's strength had failed bim ; but HE WAS CRAWLING AFTER ME ON HIS HANDS AND KNEES ! Suddenly the ground shook aa if it were on stilts, Tbere was an awe-inspiring rumbiing-^a mighty crash ! The earth seemed to open, and I was burled down Into chaos ! ***** ' Bring a light here, Ned,' ahouted a little fat miner (tbe man— I recognised bim by blB voi**e — wbo bad taken me down tbe shaft). 'Here's that plav writio? chap as come to see through I pit lying i't Devil's Gorge wi' his head cut open.' u Tbah niver says,' replied Ned; in credulously. UoldiDR his laiup over his ravine. 'Howlver's he getten beere?' i 'Tbah moant bx me,' said tbe fat pft man, lowering himself dexterously by a rope to tbe bed of tbe gorge, and climb-? log over the grey slimy boulder® to where I Jay. 11 He's had a narrer equeafe, Ned,' continued the stout miner. 'Out away wV thi to t' telephone— slgnal for a drop o1 brandy, and V wide ladder from tf lamp room.'1 ? ' ' Ned's retreatiog footsteps made -sweet music In my ears. Tbe fat miner's tenderness, aa he gently rateed my head, and pillowed it on his flannel jacket, brought the tears to my j eyps. j It ae^m^d yeara since I had Htaggered ; loto the dark cavern, rurHUfri by Big i Tom. I had wandered (perhaps in j delirium) thronuh «-vnry part of the pit. ! I nMueraberpd now I I»hM rnrrtven d c«m f-cinunnpfiB (just hs yon r. member a dream ? on HWHkeuiiig) how I Ua-1 prowled hope less and in despair through the mine— j crying aloud for help that came not, WHuderiop desperately in unutterable dHrknepf— alone in the deserted pit. I hud, God kuown, b-eu ' Iu Deadly Peril » Now I should P'ioii b«* h»*pu*'-1. i The dread in the bank nudged up | vividly before me. . 41 Where's the madman — Big T«»iti ?' I bpfced, opening my eye*, aud Hpeuking faintly from lose nf hlood. *? The madman ?' asked the fat miner tfonderirtgly ; and thon he whispered | aaide to Ned ( who had returned with a I ladder), ' poor utinp, he tuunt a hurt hia«en— hn'rt wanderiM.' ' No I'm not,*1 r renlied to hi* ment. 'In God's mercy, Where's Big Tom, the deputy ?' 'Oh, he's all right, lad,' said Ned, the fire trier, eying a handkerchief round my bleeding forehead ; ' bo's bavin' his Christmas dinner wi' V manager ar reckon ; plenty of roast beef and plum pudding ' ??No, he's not.' I replied, solemnly. 14 He's dead !'? 14 Gammon,' hurst out the fire trier, laughing. But when tbe pitmen had half-lifted, half- hauled me out of the Devil's Gorge, and weot, on my entreaty, to the far hank, they fouod it a wreck, and crushed beneath a huge piec* of rock was Big Tom's lifeless form ! * * * * * The pit had claimed iU victim on Christinas Eve. The End. 