. ' -ENGLISH GOSSIP. . \-->-«, (FROM OUR SPECIAI, CORRESPONDENT ) LONDON, Drc 22 ' Christmas week. The markets all over tup lanu aio full of holly and mistletoe ; of fat hoof, and whit« and <jisy mutton ; of goose and turkeys decorated with rib " Dins i of new orange? from St. Michaels; of figs and raisins, red-choekod apples, ohostnuls, and candied fruits of every description, Tho shops throuehout tho TJnitod Kintrdom havo boen crowded with jewellery and toys, yvith pay dresses and furs of ovory land, with gaily-bound books; and everything^ has boon labelled, "For Christmas Presents," just as the romains thereof will by-and-bye bo ticketod «For New Year's Gift"." Brighton, which is still full of London people, has novor shown finer displays of costly goods, and dospito the legitimate outcry about bad trade, has novor had a more prosperous season than tho present one. It was rather a sátiro on thosplondid crowd of carriage peoplo and smart podostrians, one day this woelt, to seo a body of strong, hearty-looking men parading tbo KÎng's-road, under the banner of "Tlio Unemployed." Thoy wore tho genuino article, and I think the box for subscriptions which they carried in a shamefaced kind of way was well filled at the end of their march. Among the vi«itors at Brighton who are thoro for thoir health are Sir Theodore and Lady Mat tin, Mr. Leonard Boyne (tho actor), and Sir Rivers AVilson. Mr. Tlorbort Sponcor ha3 been staying there until this week for upwards of a year. Ile suffers from insomnia, and looks very ill. This week bo'loft to visit friends at Bournemouth. The Gaolnvar of Baroda and his staff aro still at this gay city by tho sea. His Highness dined with Sir Johu and Lady Puleston last yveek. and mot at the new knight's hospitablo board, Sir Arthur Otway, Sir Rivers AVilson, Sir James Forgusson, and Sir Charles Mills. Somo of the natives of Brighton formed such an exalted notion of the _ Gaekwar's hospitality that it yvas currently boliovcd that on the night when ho gave a grand ball to tho townspeople diamonds and poarls wild bo given away ivith the refreshments ! Tho Maharanee was prosont in the pavilion, and watched tho ball from a di aped chamber.' She drives about in a closed carriage, and yvhen travelling by train is care- fully veilod from the vulgar gaze. . Although the Queon will spend Christmas at Osborne, the festal state will bo kept up at AVindsor. Tho usual baron of beef, the boar's hoad, the fathom- less pie, the groat old-fashioned brawns, will bo cooked all the same. Tho royal borough has already a Christmassy appearance, with its decorated shops and its butcheries crowded with famous faro. Somo of tho dishes, cooked at tho castle, will bo sent to her Majesty at Osborne. Among tho Christmas presonts which tho Queen receives ovory year aro boars' heads from her German rolatives, and packets of gingerbread cakes and sweets. * Thero aro house parties this woek and next at tho Prince of Wales's lovely palace, at Sandringham. No moro thorough host and hostess than the Prince and Princess can well bo imagined. Everybody who has ever been entertained thero spoaks of tho hearty individual altontion which the host and hostoss pay to their guests. A friend of mino who went to superintend somo theatrical entertainments at Sandringham was lodged at a cottage on tho estate ; in the evening tho Prince walked yvith him to his lodging, smoking and chatting j and, parting with him for the night, emptied his cigar-case into his guest's pocket, and recommended him a particular brand of whisky for his " niglitcap." By tho way, there is a talk of getting up subscrip- tions in honour of the silver yvedding of the Prince and Princess in March next Tho corporation of London has already as good as decided to make tho Prince a present of a silver model of tho Colonial and Indian Instituto building, which is to cost £500. It is to bo hoped that no national movement in this direction will be set on foot Tho public is overdone with subscrip- tions, and, as a rule, public testimonials tako a form which may bo described as too much in sympathy with tho serious proverb, *' To him that hath shall bo given." The Duke of Norfolk has been received by the Pope, to whom he conveyed the Queen's congratulations on his Holinoss's jubilee. Much comment has been made upon this mission by sevore_.Protestants.,; "hut ,tho, day * Has long since past when thero Vas any dangor of England becoming Roman Catholic, and it would have boon a pity and a mistake if her Majesty had not returnod the compliment tho Pope paid her Majesty on tho celebration of the Jubilee of her reign. The Duko of Norfolk defrays his own expenses." The protest some politicians havo mado againBt the cost of tho mission does not therefore hold. The Duke is a staunch Roman Catholic; but, like the Popa himself, is liberal in ecclesiastical affairs, and is not undsr Jesuitical influence. His Grace is very much to bo pitied in regard to his only son and hoir, a youth yvho is a confirmed invalid. His Graco on his own account adds to tho Jubilee presents of the Popo, yvho has had to set apart a chamber in tho "Vatican for the reception of the numerous costly and magnificent gifts ho has received. Many «f the pre- sents aro in the shape of vestments, yvhioh aro to bo dis- tributed among the various churches of Italy, while tho money gifts will go to the poor. Sir Algernon Borthwick (of the Jlfornino- Post) and lady Borthwick havo taken the famous Villa Edelweiss, near Cannes, where thoy yvill spend Christmas and part of tho Now Year. This villa is the house that be- longed to poor Mr. Savillo, whose death last year was a great shook to society. He was in the habit of lending the yilla to the Queon during her trips to tho sunny south. Sir Algernon will no doubt be just as ready to place his house at her Majesty's disposal should sho ever again visit the neighbourhood, . It is thought that the Queon contemplates going to San Remo to see her son-in-layy, tho Crown Prince. His Royal High- ness' health is still ono of tho great anxieties of Europe, not only for political reasons, but on account of tho high esteem in ' Nvhich ho is hold. At tho moment there scorns to bo a faint hopo that after all the Prince may pull through his trouble although specialists in the study of cancer continue to shake their heads. At all events it is satisfactory to know that tbo latest noyvs from San Remo report his Royal Highness as de- cidedly improved in the mattor of his general health. A pathetic instance of tho love that is felt for him among tho Gorman people is that of an offer mado to Professor Bergmann, of Berlin, by a German at Munich, yyho informs the famous- larynxologist that ho is ready to placo his own larynx at the disposal of the . Prince should tho operation already foreshadowed be necessary. Tho Prince has yvritten tbo gonerous correspondent oí tho Professor an autograph letter of thanks. _ The war scare yvhioh has recently been growing up in consequenco of tho suspicious action of Russia upon the Austrian and German «frontiers might bo very serious if tho Crown Prince yvoro in good health, or his Imperial father had not oxprossed an earnest dosiro that the remainder of his roign should bo one of peace. Nevertheless, the news from tho Continent has for a long timo been of a very disturbing character, and the most, far- seeing statesmen bolievo that eventually Austro-Hungary is bound to como into collision with Russia. At present the firm alliance of Germany and Austria, the adhesion of Italy, and the sympathy of England should bo sufficient to make the Czar's declaration of a dosiro for peace both politic and .meero ; but thero are no laws, diplomatic or other- wise, for tho government of the action and ambition of _ Among the pleasant receptions given to Australian visitors in England during 'tho Jubilee year, nono *»} bo romembered with moro pleasure than their entertainment at Mount Edgecumbe. Plymouth, py the Earl of Mount Edgecumbe. Ths refreshments m the orangory, the strolls about tho grounds, the bon hotnnne of tho noble host, tho photographed groups »moh he superintended, all had a horae-hko touoh of yvelcome and friendliness that gavo tho entire thing a special charm. It will therefore interest Australia to r\that Viscount "Valotort, tbo eldest son of the Earl of Mount Edgecumbo is on his way T tho antipodes on a voyage of pleasuro and education. Ho is anxious to soo tho yvorld of England Beyond the seas, and to study tbo political institutions »»a gonoral administration of the colonial ompiro. Mutated at Christ Church, Oxford, an excellent sports- man, and p. cheerful follow, ho is sure to havo a good «rae. It is a pity that thoso voyages of education and Pleasure are not enforced upon all tho sons of the noDUity who are likely, to be called to tho House of «ras, or who aspire to seats in the Commons. Apart from tho political and foreign excitement of/ tho week, the newspapers and general public have boen mostly taken up with two very opposito events-a fashionable wedding,"and a groat prize-fight. With the exception of the Times, the dailies have all made a feature of the brutal contest between the Englishman, Jem Smith, and the American, Jake Kilrain. The two men fought on an island on the Seine, having started for the rendezvous from London. They were not interfered with, and fought for two hours and a half in the presence of their friends and backers, both punishing each other seriously, but at last consenting to a draw, darkness having come on before the affair could be finished. The newspapers, with one or two exceptions, have described the fight very much in the old-fashioned style of the days when the ring was a British institution. Mr. Sullivan, the American chief of the pugilistic art, now challenges both Smith and Kilrain for £1000 a-side, and has deposited £500 with the sporting editor of a leading paper in assurance of his good faith. He says in regard to the affair just ended that the two men fought pluckily, Smith with bulldog courage, but he thinks that for heavy weights they exhibited an absence of the quality of hard hitting. He thinks the affair ought not to have lasted more than 30 minutes. He is willing to fight one after the other- a reasonable time between- and to begin with one of them in April next. Meanwhile he is making money in the provinces and at the Aquarium in London by exhibitions of his boxing powers, and he suggested to an interviewer at Sheffield, the other day, that he hoped shortly to retire from the fighting business, having made a large fortune, more from his boxing shows than from his battles. I The wedding in question is that of Lord Cairns and MisB Berens. "When young Cairns was Lord G-armoylo, his father's heir, ho was engaged to Miss B'ortescue, a pretty fifth-iato actress of tho Savoy. The match was at first opposed, but finally accepted. Lady Cairns thoroupon invited tho young lady into the family circle, but took caro to ' surround her with the pick of tho young and aristocratic of hor friends. Miss Fortescue, it appeared later, did not eclipse these beauties of tho Upper Ten, though she held her own fairly well, and conducted horsolf with good tasto and discretion. Nevertheless, after sho was ad- mitted into tho family cirolo Loid Garmoylo broko off tho match. Miss Fortescue sued him for breach of promise, and tho case was settled in court by an agree- ment for a verdict of somo flftoon or twenty thousand pounds. The young lady won the sympathy of tho public, and for a little time made money in tho provinces with her own acting company, visited Amorica as a star, but sooms lately to havo settled down to a quiet lifo in London, -mixing in good society, and much respected. Her real name is Finney, she ivas tho daughter of the lato Mr. _ innoy, a coal merchant, and took tho name of Fortescue for slago purposes. In tho interval, Lord Garmoylo became Earl Cairns, and has again boon twico moro or less en- gaged; but at last fixed his mind upon a young and beautiful girl-an heiress, Miss Borons whoso family is well known in town, and ranks high, socially and financially. During the last week or two the young couple havo been about together shopping, and challenged much admiration. On Monday thov wero married with great state and ceremony at St. Mary's Church, Bryanston-square. Tho Prince of TVales, who has takon an interest in tho match, was one of the first to appear at the church. Thoro wa3 a great crowd at tho doors, and H.R.H. did not seem at all pleased with the oheor that was raised for him. It is said that Miss Grant, to whom the young Earl had paid much court, jilted him, and when the bridegroom appeared some,bruto in the crowd shouted, " Let's hope she won't throw you over, as Miss Grant did." Miss Grant is an American beauty of groat wealth, who has, with hor mother, been much in evidonco on tho Continent and in Lon- don. Presently tho church ivas thronged with distin- guished people. It was evident that tho Earl and his friends meant that his marriago at last should make an impresión upon society. Thero were prosont, besides tho Prinoo of Wales, the Dowager Duchess of Marl- borough, tho Dowager Duchess of Nowcastle, Viscount Cranbrooke, Lady Greville, Lady William Gordon Lennox, Lord and Lady Ardilaun, the Countess Ferrers, Lady Holker, Lady Conyers, Lady Inchi- quin, tho Eussian Ambassador, Eustom Pasha, Brinco Malcolm Kahn and Princess Sultana, and many other lesser hut famous personages of society, Tho bride looked superb ; sho entered upon tho arm of hor fathor, following her bevy of bridesmaids, who scattered rosebuds from thoir baskets of flowers, upon which tho young lady trod with a proud and defiant air. She is a brunette, and looks no older than she is, l8, and sho wa3 plainly attired in thin white satin and tullo, tho dress having a tablier of white bugles ; it ivas made high in tho nook, ivith a tiny band of orange flowers round the throat Jewel lory was conspicuous by its absonce. She wore diamond earrings, and hor voil Avas fastened with diamond pins, Tho ceremony over, ^ the brido and bridegroom drovo .to tho houso of tho Boronses, and afterwards to a villa which had been lent to them by thoir aunt, Mrs. Crawford, at Reigate. Later thoy will go to Egyyt. Among the presents was a diamond bracelet from tho Prince, a wonderful brooch from Mrs. Mackay, wifo of the American millionaire; and tho paronts of tho bride gave a parure of diamonds said to bo worth about as much as the sum awarded to Miss Fortescue for hor blighted affections. One of tho entertainment features at tho Italian Exhibition, which is to take the place of the Yankeries and Buffalo Bill at Earl's Court, Kensington, is to bo an amphitheatre of classic form and arrangement with gladiatorial oncounters and chariot races performeds in presenco of an Imperial Court represented by actor attired in the Roman garb, and conducting themselves as thoy ivero supposed to havo dono in the days of thb Caesars.' Sir Frederick Leighton, who is to bo the piesidont of the exhibition, is expected to givo much valuablo advice touching those theatrical «presentations. In the grounds thoro aro to bo suggestions of Vesuvius, Venice, and othor lions of modorn Italy. It is not ovory commoner ivho can write a hook of even unpretentious gossip about Emperors, Kings, and Princes, their residences, habits, and surround- ings ; but Mr. Beatty Kingston is an exceptional man. A prince of linguists, a masterly musician, who can make the piano talk, and for many years the trusted foreign correspondent of tho Daily Telegraph, ho has had. opportunities of seeing tho lifo ho describes beyond possibly any other journalist of his time. His now1 book, " Monarchs I havo Mot," is not only intensoly interesting for its personal sketches of the modern rulers of men, but as an historic account of many of the groat political and warlike ovonts of our time. The book is admirably written, in good tasto, in a pleasant stylo, and with evident sincerity. Thoro are ono or two incidents and opisodes in the author's Gorman experiences ivhichare of special interest at tho moment. At a fûto at Stargard the presont Crown Prince said to the author while tho band ivas playing the " AVodding March," " That is ray favourite piece of musio, for that was tho first thing I heard after my marriago, 12 years »go. You wore a youngster then, Mr. Kingston, on that day, Avhich was such a happy one for me." Among tho group of servants and hangers-on of tho palace, gathered together in a corner of the court, ivero two little girls clamouring persist- ently to soo the King. Tho crowd had passed them out to the front, Avhero they were very prominent. His Majesty had noticed tho episode, and, beckoning the children towards him, said, " AVhat is it you want, you small people ?" " We want to seo the King, sir." " AVoll," said tho Kaiser, patting them gently on the hoad, "you must look up at mo -I am the King." Whereupon tho childiou stared awo-strickon at the lofty figure and smiling face of thoir monarch, apparently unable to understand how it was possiblo that thoy should bo there, actually having dared to speak to such an illustrious personage. This was in 1809 ; and after two old AVaterloo heroo3 ivho had also fought at Ligny had been Introduced to the king by General Manteuffel, Mr. Kingston had a conversation ivith tho eldor of tho two voterans, who was in his 84th year. Ho spoke to the author^ (with as it wore the ghost of a dead enthusiasm lighting up his worn wrinkled lineaments) about Wellington and Lord Anglesey. " Thoso ivero soldiers," he said-"men of iron, indood-alle Ehre," and ho raised his trombling hand as if to the salute. " And what troops your Englishmen proved themselves -for standing fast to the doath there is nothing like thom. Our army is a fino one, but you English at Waterloo-ay, and at Quatre Bras-you Avora im- movable." Mr. Kingston dedicates his book to Eliza- beth, Queen of Roumani», no mero perfunctory com- pliment, for her MajoBty, when in London, was one of the guests at a reception given by Mrs. Kingston at tho author's pleasant homo in our pretty Finchley suburb of London. Miss Braddon is writing letters from San Bemo to tho World. She has gono abroad moro for work than rest. She has entered into an^ engagement yvith Mr. S. D. Leng (son of 'Sir William), editor of the Sheffield Daily Telegraph, lo yvrite three novels over a period of three years, for the sum of £3000, all rights outside newspapers remaining with her. Mr. Leng has entered into competition with Mr. Tillotson in tho supply of fiction to tho news- paper press, and this is his first important engagement Except Miss Braddon, however, Mr. Tillotson retains tho best known writers of tho day, and next yo*r ho makes a now dopartu.ro in the class of matter ho will supply. He has engaged Mr. S. H. Sims to writ» a serios of stories, each to bo completo in ono week; and Mr. Joseph Hatton to supply aseries of '"' Reminiscences of Mr. Toole," tho famous comedian. Reminiscences are quite tho order of tho day in current literature. Mr. Sala's volume seems, howover, to bo indefinitely postponed. " Tho play's tho thing " is decidedly tho opinion of tho Society lady. Mrs. Joddrell Churchill, ono of tho olovor family which has endowed the world yvith*' Sir Randolph, has started on her wild careor through tho provinces. I don't think sho can act, but she has sur- rounded hersolf yvith a tolerably efficient company, and is provided with a pushing manager, whoso chiof duty soo ins to bo to got up what is called a fashionablo reception for her in each town. Tho meeting takes place in tho theatre if the reception is given by tho lady herself. If some one else is in- duced " to do tho polite," then it is given whero the other person desires ; but somehow or another tho best louai pooplo are induced to take part in the social advertisement, and the business of tho threatro is more or less improvod by the outside show' as tho Richard- son's booth business was in the old days yvhon the por formors paraded on tho outsido before beginning their comodies and tragedies within. The theatrical managers of London aro inakine a determined stand against tho extension of the powers of the Board of Works in thoir direction, and havo petitioned tho Governmont to placo tho whole of tho theatres of the United Kingdom under the authority of the Homo Office. Thero seems ovory probability that they will gain their point They oponly charge tho officials of tho board, and oven some of the metnbors, with something very like black-mailing, and in regard to tho poiemptory demand for tickets by tho assistant architect on all occasions, they havo proved their case sufficiently for tho board to roquiro tho resignation of tho official in question. If managers ivero quito sure thoy would not bo making pennanont enemios of certain officiais and others who may still retain their present powers, it is probablo that thoy would make somo startling revelations. At any rato, their great antipathy to tho board, and thoir yvillingnoss to pay thcmsolvos for an officient and impartial supervision, entitles them to tho special consideration of the Government The Christmas rovolry of Drury Lano and Covont Garden is the loading incident of the holiday shows. Both tbo great theatres aro closed for tho conclusion of rehearsals until Boxing Night (Monday), yvhon thoy will bo crowded to thoir coilings, and the spectators aro likely to have a very long night of it Mr. AVilson Barrett will begin his new careor in London at tho Globe Theatro this evening, yvith a romantic play called " The Golden Ladder," yyritten by Mr G. H. Sims and himself. Mr. Barrett will play a city missionary, and will give an illustration of tho sort of ivork the moro earnest and self-denying of theso mon do in our midst and in distant climes. Mr. Barrett has many friends in London, yvho regret that during his absence in America ho yvas not able to rotain his formor theatre, the Prin- cess's, and everybody wishes him success in his new home. . Good news conie3 from America about Mr. Robert Louis Stevenson, tho popular author, - He is living almost away from civilisation on the Saranao Rivor. His wife, mothor, and stepson (Lloyd Osborne) are with him. He walks half a milo ovory day over tho snow in Indian moccasins, and gets stronger all the time. The district is full of pine tree3, and tho wind blowing through tbem has strengthened his lungs. It was feared ivhon Stevenson left London that he was dying of consumption. 