MISCELLANY OF NEWS. A Miniature Republic. — Tho forgotten Republic of Moresnot hoe received another lease of life, if only a short ono. When tho lrontiers of Belgium and Prussia were newly delimited in 1815, there was a disagreement as to which country should have the canton of Moresnot, not far from Liego. Tho rich zinc mines of the canton were desired by both sides ; but as no agreement could be arrived at tho district was temporarily left neutral, and neutral it has remained to this day. Mores uet is a perfectly autonomous Republic, governed by a Burgomaster who is elected for life, with a little assistance from a Communal Council. Tho revenues of the State aro hot large — merely a few hundreds a year ; but thoy suffice for all needs, including the maintenance of the army and the police — about half-a-dozen individuals altogether. Most of tho rovonue was derived from taxes upon the zinc mines bolonging to tho Societe de la Vielle Monta gue ; but Moresnot was thrown into a terrible commotion a short time ago by an announce ment from the company that the mines were exhausted, and that thoy could no longer con tinue to pay taxes upon an unremunorative pro perty. Negotiations immediately coinmonced for the partition of the Republic between Germany and Belgium, and sadness reigned in Moresnet at tho prospective loss of the inde pendence which had been enjoyed for more than 70 years. The "Vielle Montague Company has, however, ' thought better of the matter, and has just announced that it will continue to pay the taxes, reserving to itself tho rignt to give a year's notice of the cessation of payment. Once more the Republic . breathes freely; but it is to be feared that the respite will not endure very long. — Yorkshire Post. Tiie Thunderbolt a Mtth, — Mr. G. J. Symons, F.B.S., recently read an amusing and highly interesting paper before the Royal Meteorological Society on Tho Non-existence of Thunderbolts, Elucidated by Accounts of Searches after thorn. Mr. Symons has endea vored to track the so-called thunderbolts tvher- over he could hear of them j but they have vanished beforo the man of science like ghosts before the daylight. His inquiries showed that there was no more transmission of a thunderbolt, or of "any other solid body, when an electric spark rushed through the air, than thero is the transmission of a material substance when a mossago is telegraphed across, or rather under, the Atlantic Occau. Sometimes a lightning flash appears to strike the ground, and a spheri cal nodule of iron pyrites is found near tho spot. It was thero before. Still the ignorant imagine it came from the clouds, and with tho lightning. Bclemnites, which arc really fotBil animals, are found similarly and in Webster's Dictionary aro described as " thunderstones," and as sucn ate ofton preserved. Occasionally a heavy dis charge of lightning falls on a bed of sand, penetrates it for several feet, and melts the silox in its path, fusing it into a kind of glass, which is known as fulgurite — some fine speci mens of which are to be found in tho British Museum. This, and this only, could have any pretence to be considered a thunderbolt, but thou it does not descend from the clouds, and is caused solely by the intense heat of the lightning. Mr. Symons did not deny that solid bodies do at times come down from the sky and strike the earth ; but these are meteo rites and aerolites— substances ejected from volcanoes or falling upon tho earth from plane tary space. They aro always falling, but when accidentally they descend during a thunderstorm they aro instantly designated thunderbolts, though the two phenomena have absolutely no connection. For the credit of Englishmen the lecturer hoped that henceforth the word thunderbolt would be erased from bur dictionaries. The Rock or Gibraltah.— It was a notable day, even in a life of travel, when I ontered the Straits of Gibraltar. Coming from Cadiz, and toncbing at Tangier, tho port of Morocco, after a few hours we glided botween the two continents, which hero come within hailing distanco of each other (onlv 9 miles separating ' the most southern point of Europe from the most northern point of Africa), and are at , once iu sight of the Rock, which looms up grandly before us. Although it was but the middle of the afternoon, the winter sun bung low, and striking across the bay, outlined 1 against the sky the figure of a lion couchant— a true British lion, not very unlike those in . Trafalgar Square, in . London, only that the \- bronze is changed to stone " and cut out of a mountain. But the figure is there, with the kingly head turned toward Spain, as if in defi ance of its former master, every feature bear ing the same character of leonine majesty and : power. " That is Gibraltar 1 It is a common saying that 'some men achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them." The same may bo said of places ; but here is ono to which both descriptions may bo applied— which i has had greatness thrust upon it by nature , and has achieved it in history. There is not a , more picturesque spot in Europe. Imagino a rock 1400 feet high— more than three times as high as Edinburgh Castle, and not like that firm-set on tho solid ground, but rising out of the seas-and girdled by the strongest fortifi- cations in tho world. Such greatness has nature tbrnst upon Gibraltar. And few places have seen more history, os few have been fought over moro times than this in the long wars of the Spaniard and the Moor; for here the Moot first set foot in Europe, and gave tho name t0 the place (Gibraltar "being merely Gebel-el Tarik, tho mountain of Tarit it Mil invader), and hero departed fromi?? 9 conflict of nearly 800 years Th. « Hi of Gibraltar is tho fortifications! which ' 9 an immense scalo, as the wti,.i„ "to Bi Bock is 7 miles. 'Ct not alte:' 0,tt!H bo defended, for on thoeostorn J, W is so tremendous that thorc is no nnM r cl13 9 "j'tii- I' « fearful to stand on ft 9 and look down to where the waves ari d, v H moro than a 1000- feet below Tha ' 9 approach must bo by land from the north ' 9 from the sea on the western or south, 9 The two latter aro defended by a snwl 9 carried, uloug the seaVal&tl;! 9 sido of the Rock, so that there is not a soot « 9 which an.-assailant can set his foot which i n. 9 under the flro/of guns. The northern , K 9 pierced by the great galleries cut in the 9 which are the uaique feature of Gibraltar tw 9 distinguishes it above all the other for t 9 or tho world. Theso were begun more 2 9 100\. years ago, during the Great Siege, 2 9 lastod nearly 4 years, whon the inhabitants hli Us no rost day or night. After we had pj is through one tier,, perhaps a mile in length H mount'to a second," which rises above theolW B like an Tipper deck of an enormous liuM H battle ship. Enormous, indeed, it "must fc B if .wo can imagino a double-decker a mils |«j,i B As wo tramped past theso endless rows of cu B non, it occurred to me that their simnit..,.1! discharge must bo very trying to tho nerrei d B the artilleryman (if ho has any norves), nils B concussion agaiust the walls of rock ii0j.a W greater than if they were fired in tho opeuair Hi and I asked my guide if ho did not dread it? Hi He confessed that he did, hut added, Ukethi Si plucky soldier that he was : " We've got f» BS stand up to it !"— Henbt M. Field, Scnte'i f£ Magazine. An Adventcuous Life. — Mr. Walter H Ingram, tho youngest sou of the late lb H Herbert Ingram, member for Bostoa ij If Lincolnshire and foundor of the lUustmi l! London News, has recently lost his life in s 1 melancholy mannor in the Berbsr connbr IS while elephant hunting. He was . coif | 33 years . of age, and recently marriei » Mr. Ingram, whoso way was made for him £ contributed hut little to journalism, the paper H with which his name is identified being in the H hands of an elder brother ; hut ho took a strong SB liking' for the service, in tho desultory manna HI of Colonel Buruaby, whoso careor is not unlit) El his own. . Fow men of his years sair so S many adventures, theso including an exciting H episode in Zuluiand at the time of the cam- h paign against Cetewayo, end sporting atl S other passages enough to fill a volume, and n which it is hoped may be published, compiled M either from notes of bis own or reminiscences H of his comrades. The groat event of his life, m however, was his service with Lord Wolseley'i H expedition for the relief of Gordon, which is B accompanied in his own steam yacht np tin a Nile, and in. which he did true and loyal work. fl He was present at almost every stirring inci- 9 dent, joining the brigade of Sir Herbert Ste- g wart in its march across the liayuda desert, Eg was attached to Lord Charles Beresford's naval 8 corps, and saw the battles of Abu Klea til B Metaimnab. He went up flic Nile with Sir Chas. Wilson aud Lord Charles Beresford when H thoy got within sight of Khartoum, and nil H awarded more I hau one silver medal for tea- 1 spicuons bravery and courage io saving life. I Mr. Ingram was eventually hilled by an ele- 1 phant rendered frantic by a shot from ouecf I the hunters attached to the expedition, which fl crossed to Eastern Africa from Aden, His 1 father and eldest brother both met their dealhi I from a steamboat accident on L9keMiehi- I gan. I 