~—^caes "a5ia Sons, Limited. A case was tried in the Melbourne County Court, the other day, the re ported evidence in which might be re gardedasa pieee of " make-up," except for the high standing of the paper which publishes Sib. A man and his two sons (the latter feeing considerably under age —xoereiads in fact) were sued fordebt. The three 'traded as "Jones and Sons, Btqaaited.9'- and an effort was made to ; :iahSw wiat, while the junior partners were not liable, because the? were under ≥, the senior member was not liable because he was not really a partner, but only an employ^. One of the boys gave evidence as follows:—I carry on business with my brother. . We are asphalters. Q.—Is your father a part ner in the firm 1 A.—He is a traveller In the business. He fetches in orders, the manager and my brother and I carry on the business. Q.—How does he manage ¥ A—He gives us advice now and again. Q.—How do you pay him ? A.T-We give him a salary and commis sion on orders. No wand again we give him a littleBalary. Q—W"hat do you call youtselves 1 How do you sign > cheques ? A—T\Tesign cheques "Jones and Sons, Limited.'* Q.—What is the meaning of " limited ?" A.—It means a limited number of sons. Here laugh ter came in very appropriately. If any thing more had been wanted, the follow ing peculiar documentary evidence would have settled the ease. It con sisted of an advertising business card, in the centre of which was a photograph of Jones pare, followed by these words: —''Deaths. Jones.—On the 25th inst. at the Quarries, Abbotsford, Charles Thomas Jones, asphalter. Deeply regretted. Argus and Herald. 26-1-88." The following notification was printed on the npper portion of the card: Having fortunately been able to postpone my funeral in consequence of the ordinary medical certificate, X now propose, notwithstanding my evi dent decease, as per quoted advertise ment, to continue to solicit orders for tar-paving as heretofore, to promise prompt and satisfactory execution of same ; also, a rendition and collection of accounts in every respect as if I bad not left this mundane sphere. For convenience of identification, and to prevent any unauthorised ghost from successfully personating me, my photo is attached/' The decision of the court was that the father of the two interesting . youths should »av the amount claimed.— -Southern World. 