i THE DECEMBER MAGAZINES, j Sir Charles Dilke a exposition of the defective organisation of the British army, in the current number of the Toil nightly Rnitw, is deserving of serious attention at the Horse Guards, for it is written in no party spirit, and its allegations appear to be based upon acknowledged facts At the same time it is gratifying tofindhimwritingthus with respect to this portion of therapist -"the Australian colonies, with the exception of West Ana tralia, as to which an arrangement has lately been come to with the other colonies have, in my opinion, a sufficient force, and the Australians are justified in being proud of the defences of their principal ports, and of the efficiency of their infantry and artillery force in a critical essay on the writings of Count Leo Tolstoi, Mr Matthew Arnold points out that, as the famous English novelists have passed away, and French Works of fiction are losing their not tractiveness, the Russian novel has now the v ogue, and deserves to have it, because Us writers address themselves with entire disinterestedness and simplicity to the representation of human life And among the great Russian novelists, Mr Arnold places Tolstoi in the first rank, regarding Anna Kartmnc as the work which best represents his genius, less -is a work of art than as a piece of life Dr B W Richardson discusses the River Thames, not in its historical or picturesque aspects, but as having been from the time of the Norman Con- quest," one of the greatest plagues of London and indicates what is imperatively required for its purification, and for preserving from deadly epidemics the four or five millions of human beings congregated on its banks To most persons tolerably familiar with French literature, the name of Mdlle Aibso will be almost unknown and yet, as Mr E Gosse is at some pains to prove, in a sketch of her life and letters, the first was a romance, and the second not unworthy to be mentioned in the same line as those of De Sevigne The " sweating system," as practised in London, finds a defender in Mr D T. Schloss, who asserts that the function which the sweater performs "is one which, when properly performed, is very often useful, and in some cases indispensable, ' but he admits that the excess and abuse of the contract System tempts the slate driver to goad on his slaves to exertions beyond the fair measure of their strength, while the ano matter of our legislation permit, and indeed encourage the performance of these cruel tasks in deux in which the laws of health are defied to an extent which can scarcely be realised save by personal examination " Mr J A Symonds's brief paper on "The Model" establishes pretty conclusively his thesis that "art will never match the infinite variety and subtlety of nature, and that no drawing or painting will equal the primary beauties of the living model," but, at the same time, realism, as he reminds the art student, is not everything, inasmuch as "art lina qualities, all of them derived from the intellectual, selective, imaginative faculties of man, which more than justify its existence ," and the brain of the artist is bound to interpret, and in so far to idealise M G de Hennin submits a project for the partition of Turkey, which he believes would solve the Eastern problem without fresh bloodshed It includes the cession of Constantinople to Greece, what remains of Armenia to Russia, and Tripoli to Hal). In a review of the national expenditure, of Great Britain, Professor Leone Levi adduces trustworthy figures to establish the fact that it has grown to an inordinate amount, and he contends that its reduction is not so much a matter of administration as of policy, that policy being a reduction of military and naval armaments. On the other hand, Sir Charles Dilke shows pretty clearly that if Great Britain wishes to maintain the into grity of the empire and her own inviolability her means of defence and of defence must be largely increased. The C'ont'mporatii Renew contains an excellent notice of the Life and Letters of Charles Day am from the pen of Mr Archibald Geikie, who pays an affectionate tribute to the beautiful character of the man who was placed even during his lifetime among those of the few great leaders who stand forth for all time as one of the creative spirits who have founded and legislated for the realm of science." Mr B Burleigh under- takes to throw some light upon the agitation of the unemployed in London. Its genuineness and the reality of the distress which exists are acknowledged, and the question that presses for solution is how is the evil, which is also a social danger, to be remedied Mr Burleigh suggests an ex tension of the sewage system, and the rocks motion and drainage of the Thames marshes and Hats Mr Walter Besant writes warmly and earnestly on the cruel destruction of St Katherine by the Tower, of which he war rates the history and pleads for the appropria- tion of its revenues £10,000 per annum-to some wiser and better purpose than the maintenance of the house of shams and shadows,' which bears its name in the Regents park In an article on By racialism, Mr D. A Wells is at some pains to show that the reason why some of the leading states of the world have selected a single standard of value, and that a golden one, is not for the sake of experiment or from at tachment to any particular theory, but because it is most advantageous and most in accordance with the new conditions of production and distribution which time resulted from the inventions and discoveries of the last quarter of a century Professor Elmslie has been cogitating over the first chapter of Genesis, in connection with the Bible written on the rocks, and interpreted by geological science, and has arrived at the conclusion that the specific revelation of the former must be sought in its moral and spiritual con tints, and that in questions physical and metaphysical, it has no concern, and offers no vote Colonel Brackenbury takes up the subject of horses for the army and asserts that Great Britain is so poorly) off for mounts and remounts that while France and Germany) can mobilise the whole of the vast field armies in less than a week, this enormously wealth) nation of ours is incapable of putting a force into the field, or at least of moving it when there Sir Philip Magnus contributes an opportune article on biloela of Commerce, more especially as regards what is doing in German and reminds the British public that the advance of German trade is solely attributable to the superior fitness of the Germans, "dug in- questionably" he says, to the more B)E timate training they receive for mercantile pursuits," and he proceeds to demand such a modification of the educational machinery of Great Britain as will equalise the conditions of competition between the people of the two nations. Professor Geffckon's review of contemporary life and thought in Germany is unusually interesting, and brings out one or two facts not generally known. He states that the Foreign Minister of Russia sounded Italy, whether in case of a war between Russia and Austria and Germany, she would side with Russia, and offered her Trieste if she would do so. About the same time, France offered to the Cabinet of Rome, in thooventof ii war with Germany, the Trentino in the price of her alliance Signor Depreda at once flatly refused to entertain for a moment such projects directed against the allies of Italy, and thus thodntmeruas avoided" In view of the new Triple Alliance, backed up by the naval power of England, Professor Goffcken considers that the danger of a Franco-Russian alliance, vanishes from the political horizon, and he holds that Prince Bismarck, whose former policy of backing Russia in Bulgaria was most unpopular, has now the whole nation with him In JlfttciutiVmi, a. sympathetically written memoir of the late Mrs Craik brings into prominence two fact a which will deepen the respect and esteem in which she is held as a writer. '1 hope is that while still in her teens, finding that her mother was harshly treated by her father, it man who professed extreme evangelical religiousness, Dinah Mulock took charge of the whole family (a delicate mother and five young brothers), and maintained them thenceforth by her pen. The other is that, after her marriage with Mr. Craik, she extended the whole of the small pension bestowed upon her by the Queen in relieving the necessities of persons following the same profession as herself Mr Henry James reviews Mr J. E Cabot's Life of Emerson, and incidentally animadverts on the almost inexplicable fact that the stage of Con- cord declared himself quite incapable of seeing any. thing in Aristophanes, Dante, Cenantes, Hait thorne, Jane Austen, or Charles Dickens , while he was equally insensible to the majesty and beauty or the works of art contained in the Vatican and Louvre A paper on " Social Oxford ' points out the remarkable change which that Uiutirait) has undergone of late years, relieving it of its priggishness and pedagogues, and causing it to breathe a larger tolerance and freedom from routine, while at the same time " filling the lungs with something of the metropolitan log " The almost forgotten poems of John Moultrie, from whom so much was expected DOor 70) years ago, form the subject of a discriminating essay by Mr H S Suit, who contends that he deserves to be read and remembered among the miners strike of the times in which he lived both for the merits of his own writings and as one of a brilliant circle of friends and contemporaries Excepting a pretty poem, entitled " Uncertainties," by Miss May Trobjn, there is nothing calling for special notice in the other contents of the present number, in which, however, a new story) is commenced by Mr W. L. ¡Noms. in the Magazine of Art we have a paper on the Forest of 1 Fontainebleau in winter, with six illustrations on wood by A Lepers. who belongs, we should imagine, to the impressionist school, from the unfinished and smudgy character of some of his works, for example, the background to the Cuvier Chatillon, which leaves you in doubt whether it is composed of trees or rocks, or of a shaggy hill side. The letter-press, by Mr. Maurice Palme) r, makes up, however, by its clear and definite descriptions of the scenery of the forest for the obscurity of the drawings 'The progress of English art, as shown at the Manchester Exhibition, is the theme of an essay by Mr. Claude Phillips, in which he asserts that, as regards landscapes, there is not only no progress, but a marked and terribly depressing retrogression, extending not merely to technical methods, but to the whole manner of contemplating and interpreting nature ; while he observes with regret that the next development of English art is likely to be largely influenced by the French Naturalistic School. As illustrated account of the Royal Academy Schools at Burlington house serves to show that they are carrying out a really great work, and have instructed i 000 students, without fee or exacting payment of any kind, although it may be fairly doubted whether the principle is a sound one. It is gratifying to find that some of the great provincial towns and cities of the mother country are founding art galleries. Wolver Hampton is one of these, and it appears from Mr. C. Whibley a paper on the subject, and from the engraved copies of five of the pictures it contains, that the collection is a very fine one, and that it is fairly representative of contemporary British art Among the works it contains, no notice, a replica of Mr. J. Pottie's " Arrest for W witchcraft in the Olden 'Time" in the Melbourne Gallery. IA double number of the English Illustrated Magazine contains no less than 14 full-page woodcuts, and about 50 smaller ones inlaid in the letterpress, which is beautifully printed on fine paper, so that it constitutes a really marvellous shilling's worth. The " Story of Joel" is brought to a conclusion, and another writer, Mrs. Molesworth breaks ground with a new serial, entitled "That Girl in Black," which opens well. Mr. Laurence Oliphant, who knows the Holy Land as well as he does Piccadilly, contributes the first two parts of a detailed description of the Son of Galilee, with numerous illustrations, of which the landscapes are in general much superior to the figure drawings. Mr. li. B. Sharpe's interesting account of the ornithological collection at South Kensington is accompanied by some delicately executed designs from the pencil of a lady whose name is new to us, Miss Maud M. Clarke. Mr, J. S. Winter's study of " The Magic Fan falls below the literary standard of this periodical, and Mr. George Meredith's poem seems out of place in a magazine not specially intended for children. Mr. J. P. Molloy has worked up into a gossiping article at the stage in the time of Garrick the surplus materials he had collected when writing the Liz, of left Wellington, of whom, as of some of the more famous of her contemporaries, some good portraits are given. The capital drawings which Messrs. Herbert Karltoti and Hugh '1 homes have supplied to Mr. Tristram's description of the road to E Peter, in the old coaching days, render it one of the most attractive features of the present number. Nothing can be more accurate than the eight views in Salisbury by the first named artist, or more seen comic than the picture drawn by the second of a coach accident in a snow drift, while the start of a team, after chang- ing horses, and the group of rustics suspending their labours on the corn field to watch the " Lunnon " coach go past, carry one back to a time which now seems. incalculably remote. Canon Scott Holland contributes toilette day's Magazine is charmingly written tribute to the memory of Jenny Lind, in which he dwells exclusively upon her fine qualities as a woman Her originality, simplicity), tender, ness, unconventionality), and thorough good- ness are touched upon and delicately thus treated, and the unworthiness other nature is exhibited by the following anecdote. "Ob, Mra Show 1 pity you'' ails her frank greeting to her hostess (at a great garden part). " Win, dear Madame Goldschmidt.' I have got husband, children, ever) thing the world can give me." "lies, I am so sorry for you, you have so much wealth I ' Captain Ross ot-BladciiB burg gives some particulars with respect to the nature and operations of Irish secret societies, which are simply astounding, and would justify their repression by measures of even Drucunic Beverley. He soon is the country to be under the spell of another Vehtugertcht, and in many places infested by brigands that would be a disgrace to Turkey." Some interesting details are given by the Rev. H D Rawnsley of an industrial art experiment in progress at Kean tick which ought to find many imitators, for it is valuable in every way. 'The experiences of an English gentleman, since deceased, who was captured by brigands in Asia Minor, n memoir of the late Samuel Morley, and a description of an Exmoor horse hair, are among the more noticeable of the rum mung features of the present number. Why) the editor of the O'tntltman'ii flags one should have allowed a contributor to occupy lb pages with an analysis of the plot of the trade of Lammermoor is altogether inexplicable , but the fact remains. Mr. W. J Lawrence investigates the history of stage ghosts from the (ta) s of jEschylua down 1 wards; and Mr. Rev Bourne gives us an interesting chapter on English journalism between 170 and 141-, when coming was writing the Anti Jacobin, and Cobbett was editing the Register, and the two Hunts were continuing the Liamma Major Gambiir Parry's "Notes on Algeria ' throw some light on the untoward results of the attempted colonisation of that country by the 1 south and he incidentally) mentions that each of the ''00 families assisted to migrate thither from Alsace and Lorraine, cost the nation J. 100, and that as soon as the Government ceased to supply them with money and provisions many of them slipped back to 1 minute Mr A. l, Waite contributes Some curious particulars with respect to the Rosicrucian Brotherhood, the members of which, in former times, claimed to be able to transport themselves from place to place at will, to perambulate the air, to still tempests, and to act the part of beneficent genius 'Her name still survives in the Rose Cross degree of masonry, of which the late Lord Lytton was the grand patron ¡ but as is belief in the fundamental principles of Christian doctrines is demanded of all candidates for admission to it, the presumption is that they eschew the practice of the black arts while, as Mr. Waite asserts, the association is conspicuous for its complete futility." 