UNITED CHIRISTTAN CON- I1 .FERENCE. The services of the United Christiaun Conference were continued yesterday after- 1 noon. The meeting was hold in the memorial Church school-room, and was c numerously attended. a The service was of the usual order. Pastor Soltau presided, and expounded I some Old Testament scriptures in relation t to the special subject of the day. The 1, Revs. D. Annear, Allan Webb, Ii. D. t Archer, and D. S. Brunton led the prayers of the audience. The Rev. E. C. Tennent (iHagley) spoke on the subject of " Failure in separation to God; its causes and guilt.' He pro posed to deal with the problem of the t failure of one aspect of the church in realising her high calling. They were too painfully familiar with the fact of the failure of the church to need much defi nition. There was a tendency in the church to look- baclk-like Lot's wife instead of forward. The degeneracy of the Ephesiau Church was reproduced in its laxity in the present day ; and slothful ness in its operations was a deadly sin. A feature of failure was the resentment of believers to recei?v reproof, and this pro duced anger add bitterness instead of humbling and penitence. In private christian life jealousy, dissimnulation, I yielding to the devil, and a compromisory desire to please all men were tokens of failure. The caus,:s of failure might le found in imperfect consecration, or in an imperfect carrying out a full surrender. Like the rich young man in the Gospel they were not prepared for absolute sur render, and without it none were perfect christians. Many believels were like Ananias of old, who drew back from a compllete self-ablnegtion. Keep ing from God and looking back in the Christian career were indi cations of imperfect Christian character. 3 How much formal, luke-warm prayer there Swas in the church, prayer which received t no answer, and coummanded no blessing. o The word of God was studied too self reliantly, and the Holy Spirit's illumina 1 tion was withheld. Miuch failure resulted I from an imperfect apprehension and un certain grasp of the truth that the Lord I Jesus Christ was perfect God and perfect man. How could they have a per fect idea of ClOd unloes they realised the a importance of'Christ's' rodeuiptive work. r Believers had loose ideas of the substite- n tion of Christ, and contracted erroneous " notions of God's judicial character, iad l thereby sought to lossen the terrors of the i land. The fruit of this was that Christians d do not energetically do God's will concern- g ing their own spiritual advancement., and t perform His work in the world. Stupendous I guilt was incurred by the negligent, half- b hearted Christian who failed in the mission ii of his high calling. r, Pastor Soltan read several specially p written requests for prayer, and from one t: who intimated lie could pray for himself. tl Pastor M'Cullough, of Hobart, spoke to I tho second feature of the subject, " Failure .q in separation to God-its consequenc.ss to n the church anld to the world." Ntep'sration It was the Christian's 1Ueaven upon earth, eo but only a few entered into it. 'the ques- or tion of separation wases, shall we draw our fl, life from beneath or above ? Life was dc- ea fined from scientists as enlarged onvironl. R uent.' There was the circle of matter, the iw larger circle of animlal life, l.ading to the It enlarged circle of human life. Christians w believed in a further dovelopument, and the ht malt who was not converted was not cc in the spiritual environment. In : the a converted man the .correspondence. jc with natural relationship gradually ceased, and the relationship with spiritual el things intensified and grew. In propor- fo tion as men failed to cut off the old en vironment and euter into the new condi- tl tions did separation fronm God ensue. The 11 church failed when slhe denounced'the sinus of the poor and did not condemn the vices fa of the rich. The Epistle of St. J.Tames, in 11 its sterling faithfulness, needed. to be of frequently read in the present day. S Weakness calne to the believer from the 2, want of separation from sin. When Samu- S soi ceased to be separated he lost his' li Nazariteship power and became a wreck. G Lot looked to the goodly fields of Sodati. L instead of God's guidance, and separation from : Him and ldeatll ensued. half hearted Christians lost influence, and were powerless for good. It was not fair to judge Christianity by its frail followers, or but there was a lamentable amount of in. In consistency. Men failed because when as separated from God he allowed them to go tl theirown way. The Christian separated to rc God was brought into his inner circle, and D unto him the eternal secrets were revealed. p. When men strayed from God the spiritual it eyesight became blinded, and the word of w God was darkened. They mnst he like of .llnyan'a pilgrim with his bible in hand 1l and fiaoe towsards the lighlt. I The evening service was held in the d1 T'abernacle, Cimitiere-streot, and the In caonglregation fillhed the church. Pastor n II. Weod presided, and iciad Psalm 85, at and the Revs. W. If. Walton, II. irheen- le wood, Pastor IH. G. Ulackie (Latrobe), anud at Mr. It. d'arshall offered' prayer. The S nervice of song was from Sankey's " Solos," as and the chillch choir and organist rcn- cc dered effilcient service. fo The Rev. if. J. Lavers (Shlffield) gave yi an address on "T'lhe remedy for failuro- cv confecsion and return." He assumed that tt many christian believers were convinced hi they had not been living as they ought- N the presence of that largo audience proved at the conviction of that fact. 'lThe past s0 addressee spoke of failure of separationi to. God in fulfillitig christian duties according di to the Divine mind. What self-reproaches ni were involved in failure-in bhusiness in bh every-day enterprise, in life's purpose. ni Failucto in Christina life was a melanzcholy no tragic thing. The position of the dr Israelitish nation was a typo , of the bli Christian Church. Tlhey were ordained pa to be a peculiar people, separate from the si surroundimg nations, and had they been lf faithful what a mission they had. But ol they failed ; they mingled in the forbidden dl idolatry and sin and became polluted; they ni defeated God's design and brought down D Ris anger. They were defeated in battle, tl led into captivity, and exiled from their hi beloved country and "the holy, beautiful tr house." But Israel's hope was no God, they bemoaned their departure, recognised bi God's hand, confessed their sini, anld peni- o tently returned to Him. Such -,as a ii history of separation defeated, but as- lae compauying the failure was confession to and return. Mr. Lavers then quoted w various scriptures to slhow the Church at of Christ occupied ia position cor- al responding to Israel in nocient days, If If separation was necessary then it was so sy now, inasmuch as the world had the sanoe essential characteristies- idol-worship, and carelessness of God. The life of separa tion in cross- bearing, fellowship with God, heaveonly anticipition, was a high ideal, Ini not of hlllulnl, but of heavenly creation, t q and intended to be fostered by the Holy Is Spirit. This life was not of the convoent or the monastic cell, it might be theirs di amid scenes of joyous activity. Unfortun- se ately for most of them there had been lp, compromise instead of separation-the no prayer meeting neglected and amusements tic patronised. The reoslt was, a' loss of li inliuence and power, unbelief was wi rampant, and hosts of the un- sle saved were drifting to despair. . It it was not isolated 'churches who had p such confession to make. What were they so to do ? just what Israel did, confess their Is sin, return to God and Heo would listen hi and deliver them. The very exercise of th confessibn would linduee humility, and t holy longing for forgiveness and blessing. of Failure of separation to God might beo absolute, 'complete and comparative ; it m might lead to d.spair, lut by God's bles- us sing it may produce humiliation and con- ib fession. "Return unto the Lord your God w and le will have mercy upon you, and to ti our God for IIe will abundantly pardon." Pastor Soltan then read several special requoets for prayer. . . . The Rev. Allan We1bb (Mellourne) spoke r on "Tlhe consequences of separation, power, d and reward." After iutrodt:cing the sub ject, Mfr.Webb said. go with me in thought " to the first church gathered at Jernsuloue. They were ia little complany 'of disciples q described by Chlrist.as separated froms the tI world, and this was to be nmnifestecd in their claracter and walk. ''They weore gathcred waiting for tlhe filflnent of i OChrist's last promise; sHis last' commnaid i liad kept thesi united in that upper room. They were an inslgnifleant 'company, not cultured or intellectual; their speech was rugged, and their piety up to this point had not been of tihe most e.xalted kind. SIu th. meantiie their leader, the rejected - and scorned of tle world, wansadannti'ngto IHis crown. Having assumed Hisplacoof blis;' the glorified Ssaviour priayed, "Father, I have left behind Me alhttle company in the upper room. I gave them apromise based upon MIy word. 'Thd? are frail creatures, andi in a malignant world. Fathler, I ask for tbhbm now tihe: prouibs of 'the Holy Ghost." And thun follo'sud lst beat of all'endowmuents, the outpouriug of tie glorious spirit of power. When 0Christ wasi gloriflied there casuo thie diispenstion of the Holy Ghost. Look at the company as indicating in their experience the out coime of separation to God. They liad perfect satisfaction in the rolationship; their hearts wore full of l'ivine ecstscy, and their swhole being was swathcd in an atmosphero' of 'Heavenly 'gladness, and the Jews could not' accounst foi the exhlilhrating enthusiasm, and they said " Thlse men are full ost new wine." Anptlhr feature in the relationship was the abso lute filling of every piarticle of their being with what met the hunger of their desire. And the fruit was, they "sold their pos sessions and goods, amnd parted them to all men, as every man had need." No money grubbers 'or land Iungerers in that upler room; they had conoecrated their all, and they lhad gold and silver to spare. When thle woman of Samaria dhank from'the well spring of Christ's life-giving words, she forgot the lower needs of her nature. 'iThe souls who drink into 'CEriet "leave their waterpots" and become sub limely' oblivious to former appetites. Tihe desciples became endued with a new power, and they who received tho Holy SGhost became fountains of blessing to others. The P'entecostal outpouring was a p Irfect MIissiSsippi of influene s; coulid it \- be said of thie church to-day she was a river of water rolling down I?er ministry of \- hlfe and vigour? Look at the manifesta tions of this supernatural influence; there were wonders, signs and words of power, I believers sce added to thie Lord. Con traisut Peter in his crCaven cowardice the inight befisre Christ's crucifixion and t'eter \- te indomitable and heroic-Iunder the I iunluence of the hIoly unctioun. T''he very \- shadow of men filled with the Iloly Ghost d iwas a potent blesring. 'lhe dii d ciplea of old were vorslted. in their atteopt to cast the devil out-of the imaniac boy. - What wasg the reason of thefailure ? "This kind cometh not out but by prayer and fasting." By " prayer,"' if Christians were empowered by the Lord for the prosecution of work they must? lay hold of power as the Master did, by communion with God. If tho glorious -lectricity was to fill their being, they mu t be connected with the reservoir. By "faoing," not abstinence from diet, but a cutting off from those things which in any way would dissipate the blessing received from God. The cost of retaining power w m such fnsting. Had they received tlessing in that series of services? Would they fritter it away by going to aparty on Monday, a dance on Tuesday, by reading a lquotionable novel on Wednesday? By the next day thi blessing would be gone. In Scril turn power was connected with every in.tance of separation to God-Moses on the Mfount, whose face shone with re flected glory; Samson, who did marvellous exploits; the' Gadites with faces like lions and feet ready to spring to service. What were the rewards of separation unto God ? ltceopti4,i by God ; to walk with Christ in white; nnd when life's labour was done to hear the Lord apprise their work in the commedh'ttory welcome, "Well done, good and faithful servant, enter thou into the joy of thy Lord." This address was full of impassioned eloquence, and manifestly created a pro found impression. The n, e?ting was closed with prayer and the Benediction pronounced by Pastor Wood. The following services were, announced for to-d.ay:-3 p.m., Memorial Church, WVellington-street. Subject, "The fulness of blessing-(l) "How to obtain it." Speaker, " (ev.Allan Webb, of Melbourne. 2\. " How to communicate it." Pastor G. Soltanu. 7"30 p.m., Memorial Church, Wel lington-street. ~ubject, "Consecration to God." Speaker, Rev. Allan Webb. The Lord's Supper. 