Watering the Sheep. BY THE REV. DR. TALMAGE. ' We cannot until all the flocks be jgathered together, and tkey roll tho stone iroin the well's mouth ; then we water the .sheep.' Gen. xxix. 8. A scene in Mesopotamia, beautifully .pastoral. A -well of water of great value .in that region. The fields around about it . -wiiite witn three hocks or sheep lying ?down waiting for the watering. I hear .their bleating coming on the bright air, and the laughter of the young men and maidens indulging in rustic repartee. I 'look off, and i see other flocks of sheep icoming. Meanwhile, Jacob, a stranger, on the interesting errand of looking for a wife, .comes to tho same well. A beautiful shep herdess comes to the same well. I see her .approaching attended by her father's flock of sheep. It was a memorable meeting. Jacob married that shepherdess. The ?Bibla account of it is : ' Jacob kissed Rachel, and lifted up his voice and w»pt.' It has always been a mystery to me -what .he found to cry about! But before that .scene occurred, Jacob accosts the shepherds and ask them why they postpone tho slak ing of the thirst of these sheep, and why they did not immediately proceed to water them. The shepherds reply to the effect ; ?'We are all good neighbours, and as a matter of courtesy we wait until all the sheep of the neighbourhood come up. Be sides that, this stone on the well's mouth is somewhat heavy; and several of us take hold of it and push it aside, and then the buckets and the troughs aro filled, and the ?sheep are satisfied. We cannot, until all the flocks are gathered together, and till they roll the stone from the well's mouth ; then we water the eheep.' Oh, this is a thirsty world ! Hot for the head, and blistering for the feet, and parch ing for the tongue. The world's great want is a cool, refresh ing, satisfying draught. We wander around, and we find the cistern empty. Long and tedious drought had dried up the world's fountain, but nearly nineteen centuries ago a Shepherd, with crook in the shape of a cross, and feet cut to the ?bleeding, explored the passages of this ?world, and one day come across a well a thousand feet deep, bubbling and bright, and looked to the north, and the south, and the east, and the west, and cried out with a voico strong and musical, that rang through the ages: 'Ho, every one that thirsteth, come ye to the waters ! A great flock of sheep to-day gather around the gospel Well. There are a great many thirsty souls. I wonder why the flocksiof all nations do not gather — why so many-stay thirsty ; and while I am wonder ing about it my text breaks forth in the ex planation, saying ; ' We cannot, until all the flocks be gathered together, and/ they roll the stone from the well's mouth ;' then wo water the sheep.' . It a herd of swine come to a well, they angrily jostle each other for the precedence, if a drove of cattle come to a well, they hook each other back from the water ; but when a flock of sheep come, though a hun dred of them shall be disappointed, they only express it by sad bleating ; they come to gether pencably. We want a groat mul titude to come around the Gospel well. I know there are those who do not like a crowd — they thiak a «rowd is vulgar. If they are oppressed for room in church it makes them positively impatient and bolli gerent. We have had people permanently leave our church because so many other people come to it. Not so did these Oriental shepherds. They waited until all the flocks were gathered, and the more flocks that came the better they liked it. And so we ought to be anxious that all the people should come. Go out into the highways and the hedges and compel them to come in. Go to the rich and tell them they are indigent without the Gospel of Jesus. Go to the poor and tell them the affluence there is iu Christ. Go to the blind and tell them of- the touch that gives eternal illumination. Go to the lame and tell them of the joy that will make the lame man leap like a hart. Gather all the sheep off all the mountains. None so torn of the dogs, none so sick, none so worried, none so dying, as to be omitted. Why not gathora great flock ? All Brooklyn in a flock : all New York in a flock; all London in a flock : all the world in a flock. This ?well of the Gospel is deep enough to put out the burning thirst of tho fourteen hundred million of the race. Do not let the Church, by a spirit of exclusiveness, keep the world out. Let down all the bars, swing open all the gates, scatter all the invitations ; 'Whosoever will, let him come.' Come, white and black. Come, red men of the forest. Come Laplander, out of the snow. Come, Patagoman, out of the heat. ?Come in furs. Come panting under palm leaves. Come one. Come all. Come now. . As at this well of Mesopotamia, Jacob and Rachel were bethothed, so this morning, at this well of salvation, Christ, our .'Shepherd, will meet you coming up with .your long flocks of cares and anxieties, and lie will stretch His hand in pledge of His affection, whilo all heaven will cry out: ' Behold the Bridegroom cometh, go ye out to meet Him. . ? You notice that this well of Mesopotamia ?had a stone on it, which must be removed before the sheep could be watered ; and I .find on the well of salvation * impediments ? and obstacles which must be removed, in order that you may obtain the refreshment ? and life of this Gospel. In your case the uuipemment is jjnaeoj nea.ru ioucannoc : bear to come to so democratic a fountain; you ?do not want to come with so many others, : It is as though you were thirsty and you were invited to slake your thirst at 'the town-pump, instead of sitting in a parlour ? sipping out of a chased chalice which has 'just been lifted from a silver salver. Not iso many publicans and sinners. You want ;to get to heaven, but you must be in a ?special car, with your feet on a Turkish ? ottoman, and a band of music on board the train. You do not want to be in company with rustic Jacob and Rachel, and to be ?drinking, out of the fountain where ten thousand sheep hare been drinking before you. .,, You will most certainly have to ; remove the obstacle of pride, or never find I your way to the well. You will have 'to come as we came, willing to take the water of life in any way, and at any hand, and in any kind of pitcher, crying out '' Oh, Lord Jesus, I am dying of thirst. Give me the water of eternal life ; I care not in what it comes to me.' Away with all your hindrances of pride from the well's mouth. ? ] Here is another man who is kept back from drinking this water of life by the stone of an obdurate hoarr, which lies over tho mouth of the well. You have no more feelinc moon this subiect than if find hud yet to. do you the first kindness, or you had to do God the first wrong. Seated on His lap all these years, His everlasting arms sheltering you, where is your gratitude? Where is your morning and evening prayer ? Where are your consecrated lives ? I say to you, as Dauiol said to Bolshazzar : ' The God in whose hand thy breath is, and all thy way, thou has not glorified.' If you treated anybody as badly as you have treated God, you would have made fiye hundred apologies — yea, your whole lifo would have been an apology. Three times a day you have been seated at God's table. Spring, summer, autumn and winter he has appropriately apparelled you. Yourhealth from Him, your companion from Him, your children from Him, 'your home from Him, all the bright surroundings of your lifo from Him. Your best friend and only Redeemer. 0 man, what dost thou with that hard1 heart? Canst Thou not fool one throb of gratitude towards the God that made you, and the Christ who came to redeem you, and the Holy Ghost who has, all these years, been importuning you ? If you could sit down five minutes under the tree of a Saviour's martydrom, and feel His life-blood trickling on your forehead and cheek and; hands, methinks you would get some appreciation of what you owe to a crucifteel Jesus. j ' Heart of stone, relent, relent, ! Touched by Jesus' cross, subdued ; [ Ses His body, mangled, rent, , Covered with a gore of blood. ; Sinful soul, what hast thou done ? Crucified the eternal Son !' ? : Jacob, with a good deal of tug and push,; took the stone from the well's mouth, so: that the flocks might be watered. And I: would this morning my word, blessed of God, might remove the hindrances to your getting up to the Gospel well.. Yea, I take it for granted that the work is done, and now, like Oriental shepherds, I proceed to water the sheep. Co ne, all ye thirsty ! You have an unc'fifine ! longing in your soul. You tried money-making : that did not satisfy you. You tried pictures and sculptures ; but works of art did not satisfy you. You are as muchdisconteuted with this life as the celebrated French author, who felt that he could not any longer endure the miseries and misfortunes of the world, and who said : ' At four o'clock this after noon I shall put an end to my own exist once. Meanwhile, I must toil on up to that time for the sustenance of my family.' and he wrote on his book until the clock struck four, when he folded up his manu script and, by his own hand, deliberately concluded his earthly life. ? There are men in this house who are perfectly discontented. Uuhappy in the past, unhappy to-day, to be unhappy for ever, unless you come to this Gospel well.; This satisfies the soul with a;high, deep; all absorbing, and eternal satisfaction. It comes, and it offers the most unfortunate man so much of this world, as is best for him, and throws all Heaven into the bar gain. . The wealth of Croesus, and of all the Stewarts, and of all the Barings, and the Rothchilds, is only a poor, miserable shilling compared with the ettrnal fortunes that Christ offers you to-day. In the far East there was a king who used to got on a scales, while on the other side the scales were placed gold and silver and gems ; indeed, enough were placed there to balance the'king; then at the close of the weighing, all those treasures were thrown among the populace. But Christ to-day steps on one side of the scales, and on the other side are all the treasures of the universe, and He says; ' All are yours — all height, all depth, all length, all breadth, all eternity; all are yours.' We don't appreciate the promises of the Gospel. ? When an aged clergyman was dying — a man very eminent in the church— -a young theological student stood by his side, and the aged man looked up and said to Mm : 'Can't you give me some comfort in my dvincr hour ?' ' No,' said the vounc man ; ' I can't talk to you on this subject ; you know all about it, and have known it so long. ' Well' said the dying man, just re cite to me some promises.' The young man thought a moment, and he came to this promise, ' The bipod of Jesus Christ cleanseth from all sin,' and the old man clapped his hands, and in his dying moments said : ' That's just the promise 1 have been waiting for. The blood of Jesus . Christ cleanseth from all sin.' Oh, the warmth, the grandeur, the magnificence of the promises ! Come, also, to this Gospel well,, all ye troubled. I do not suppose you have escaped. Compare your view of this life at fifteen years of age with what your view is of it at forty or sixty or seventy. What a great contrast of opinion ! Were you right then, or are you right now ? Two cups placed in your hands, the one a sweet cup, the other a sour cup. A cup of joy aad a cup of grief. Which has been the nearest to being full, and out of which have you the umore frequently partaken ? What a different place Green wood is from what it used to be ? Once it wns to you a grand City improvement, and you went out on the pleasure excursion, and you ran laughingly up the mound, aiid you criticised in a light way the epitaph. . But since the day when you heard the bell toll at the gate when you went in with the procession, it is a sad place, and there is a flood of rushing memories that suffuse the eye and overmaster the heart. Oh, you have had trouble, trouble, trouble. God only knows how much you have had. It is_ a wonder you have beenab'le to live through it. It is a wonder your nervous system has riot been'shattered, and your brain has notreeled. If I could gather, all : the griefs, of all sorts, from this great audience, and: could put them in one scroll, neither man nor angel could endure the recitation. Well,, what do you want ? Would' you like to' have your property , back again ? ' No,' you say, as a Christian man 'I was becom ing arrogant, and I .think that is why the Lord took it away. I.. don't want to have my property back.' ? Well would you liave your departed friends back -again?. No,' you ' say, 'I couldn't take the re sponsibility of bringing them from a tear less real to a realm of tears. I couldn't do it.' Well, then, what do you : want? A thousand voices in the audience cry out 'Comfort! give us comfort!' For that reason I have rolled away the stone from the well's mouth. Come, all ye wounded of the flock, pursued of the wolves, come to the fountain where the Lord's sick and bereft ones have come, 'Ah,' says some one, 'you are not old enough to understand my sorrows. You have not been in the world as long as I have, and you can't talk to me about my misfortunes in the time of old age.' 'Well, I may not have lived as long as you, but 1 have been a great deal among oid people, and I know how they feel about their failing health, and about their departed friends, and about the loneliness that some times strikes through their souls.. After two persons have lived together for 40 or 50 years, and one of them is taken away what dosolnfcion ! I shall not forget the cry of tbe lute llev. Dr. Do Witt, of New York when he stood by tho open grave of his be loved wife, aud, after the obsequies had ended, he looked down into the open place and said : ' Farewell, my honored faithful, and beloved wife. Thou art in glory, and I am here on earth. We shall meet again, Farewell !' To lean on a prop for fifty years, and then have it break under you ! There were only two years' difference between the death of my father and mother. After my mother's decease, my father used to go around as though looking for something ; he would often get up from oue room, 'with- out any seeming reason, and go to another room; and then he would take his' cano and start out, and some one would say, ' Father, where are you going ?' and he would answer, 'I don't know exactly where I am going.' Always looking for something ! Though he was a tender-hearted man, I never saw him cry but once, and that ? was at the burial , of my mother. After sixty years' living to gether, it was hard to part. And there are aged people to-day who are feeling just such a pang as that. . I want to tell tnem there is perfect enchantment in the pro mises of this Gospel ; and I come' to them and offer them my arm, and I bring them to this Gospel well. Sit down, father or mother, sit down. See if their is anything at the well for you. Come, David, the Psalmist, have you any thing encouraging to'offer them ? ' Yes,' says the Psalmist, 'They shall still bring forth fruit in old age ; they thall be fat and [flourishing, to snow that the Lord is upright. He is my rock, and there is no unrighteousness in Him.' Come, Isaiah, have you anything to say out of your prophecies for these aged people ? ' Yes,' says Isaiah, ' Down to old ng» I am with thee, and to hoary hairs I will carry thee,' Well if the Lord is going to carry you, you ought not to worry much about your failing eyesight and failing limbs. You get a little worried for fear some time or other you will come to want, do you? Your children and grandchildren sometimes speak a little sharply sit you be cause of your ailments. The Lord will not speak sharp. Do' you think you will come to want ? Who do you think He is ? Are His granaries empty ? Will He feed the raven and the rabbit and the lion in the desert, and forget you ? Why, naturalists'tell us that theporpoisewillnotforsakeits wounded and sick mate. And do you suppose the the Lord of heaven and earth has riot as much sympathy as the fish of the sea? -But you say. 'I am so near worn out and I am of no use to God any more.' I think the; Lord knows whether you are of , any more use or not; if you were of no : more use, he would have taken you before ; this. Do you think- God has forgotten you' ? because He has taken care of you seventy or eighty years ? He thinks more of you i to-day than he ever did, because you think ;more of Him. May the God of Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob, and Paul the aged, , bo your God for ever. But I gather all the promises of God to 'day in a group, and I ask the shepherds to drive their flocks of lambs and sheep up to the' sparkling supply ^ 'Behold happy is the man whom God correcteth,' 'Though He cause grief , yet will He have compas sion.' Many are the afflictions of tho right eous, but the Lord delivereth him out of them all.' ' We«ping may endure for a night, but joy Cometh in the morning.' I am determined, this morning, that no one shall go out of this house uncomforted. ?;Yonder is a timid and shrinking soul, who seems to hide away from the consolations I am . utterins. as a child with a sore hand hides away from the physician. So I come to you, timid and shrinking soul to- day, and compel you to come out m the liresence of the Divine Physician. He will not hurt you. He is full of grace. He has been healing wounds for many years, and He will give you gentle and omnipotent medicaments. ; But people, when they have trouble, go anywhere rather than to God. De Quincey took opium to get rid of his troubles. Charles Lamb took to punch. Theodore Hook took to something stronger. Edwin Forrest took .to theatrical dissipation. And men have run all around the earth, hoping in the quick transit to get away from their misfortunes. It has been a dead failure. There is only one well that can slake the thirst of an afflicted spirit, and that is the deep and inexhaustible well of the Gospel. But one says : ' Notwithstanding all you have said this morning, I find no allevia tion for my troubles.' Well, I am not through yet. I have left themost potential consideration for the last. I am going to soothe you with the thought of Heaven. However talkative we may be, there will come a time when the .stoutest and most emphatic interrogation 'will evoke from us no answer. As soon as we have closed our lips for the final silence, no power on oarth can break that taciturnity. But where, 0 Christian, will be your spirit ? In a scene ?of infinite gladness. The spring morning of heaven waving its blossoms in the bright air. Victors fresh from battle show ing their scars, hhe rain of earthly sor row struck through with the rainbow of ? eternal joy. In one group with God and the angels are the redeemed — Paul and Silas, Latimer and Ridley, Isaiah and Jeremiah, Payson and John Milton, Gabriel and Michael the archangel. Long line1 of ?choristers reaching across the hills. Con querors marching from gate to gate. You among them. i ' Oh, what a great flock God will gather around the Celestial Well. . ?; . Nostone on the well's mouth, while the 'shepherd waters the;sheep. .There Jacob recognises Rachel the shepherdess. -And standing on one side of the well of eternal rapture, your children ; and standing on the other side of eternal rapture, your Christian ancestry, you will be bounded on all sides by a joy so keen and grand that no other world has been allowed to experi ence it. Out of that one deep 'well of heaven, the Shepherd will dip reunion for the bereaved, wealth for tho poor, health 'for the sick, rest for the weary. And then all the flock of tho Lord's sheep will lie down in the green pastures, and world without end we will praise the Lord, that on this summer Sabbath morning we were permitted to study the story of Jacob and Rachel at the well. 