STATE CHILDREN'S SCHOOL. Fp.OJt the report of the above, for the year ending June, we gather that the total number of children undo the control of the Council on that date was 800, or an increase of 22 on the number under control on the corresponding date in 1SS7. The following return shows the distribution of these children :—In the Indus trial school, 16 hoys 9 girls; Boys'Reformatory, 49; Girls' Reformatory, 20; Placed out, 381 boys, 306 girls; Lunatic Asylum. 3 boys, 1 girl, Blind Asylum, 2 boys, 1 girl ;.Hospital, I girl; "Lying-in-Home, 1 girl ; absconded (still at large), S boys, 2 giris. Total, 459 boys, 341 girls.; 172 children have passed out of the control of the Council during the twelve months. Of these 23 were released to relatives, 6 died, 1 (girl) married, and iu the ease of-103 the terms for which they were committed to the care of the department expired. This last number includes also those hoys and girls who reached theirimajority (IGand 18 respectively)as defined by .tie Act. The Terowie committee report as follows :—*' Our committee consider the general condition of the State children in this district satisfactory; their homes cleanly and comfor t 'nle; their general health good, and that they ■ eceive kind careful treatment from those with whom thev are placed. We also think the boarding-out system conducive, to the welfare of • the/children," ' • ' Dust.. Picnic.. Concert. Taxation. That Cad. Deputation. The Garden. Another Tax. "Our Boys." Church picnic. The green-house. Phiz up. Patience. The new Laird Bill. Pktlence uext week.. No prayers, no vain. The shovel and the rake. Mr J, S. MoGlory is dead. My garden is better than his. Another Concert nest month. Who destroyed all those trees ? The Railway Minstrels to-night^ "Who gossips most—Man or woman. " Our Boys " at Coekbuvn on the 28 th. Where's the trees in the-railway yard? Not bad for Cockbnrn to play "Oar Boys." None of your " Bang in the Box" atCockburn. Anniversary Baptist Sunday School next' Sunday. That gossip ought to come home to some of us. The Railway Refreshment Room lias changed hand3. It is when a boot is now that there is music in the sole. Bean Marryatt has been conducting service at Terowie. Something upon which we can rely—Wolfe's Schnapps. Dr. Brnmmond, a physician of Sydney, has absconded. Mr Rounsevell, M.P., spoke 95 minutes upon the Laud Bill. Wo wish some good-disposed individual would buy our Hanny a drum. Edward Duhamsl has been condemned to death in Queensland for murder. He—Shall we take the hishway home ?—She —I much prefer the bridal path. Wolfes Sehnapp's taken three times a day will make a different man of you. There is no recruiting medicine so prompt am; efficient as Wolfe's Schnapps. Mrs Perry and her family, residing at Ko.dina. have been burnt out of house and home. A searcher after truth wants to know why it is, with so many negroes dying, nobody ever sees a black ghost ? A man named Eerwood has been accidentally shot near Euriowie. He wai mistaken by bis mate for a kangaroo. Sir Alfred Stephen says that Mr Sees's speech on the Divorce Bill is one worthy of any Senate, and reflects honour on our own. Byron's celebrated comedy will be staged by the Cockburn Dramatic Club 011 Friday, October 26, in aid of the Institute funds. Mistress to new help : We generally have breakfast at S o'clock.—New help : We'd, mam, if 1 ain't down to it, don't wait. He : But ain't you afraid your parents will be angry if we get married. She : No, ihey won't care. Why, they are married, too. Fireman (to foreman)—Where shall I play the hose first? Foreman—Play it on the night watchman until you wake him up. An Irish girl at play on Sunday being accost ed by the priest : Good morning, daughter of the evil one, and meekly replied, Good morning father. An Irishman hearhig of a friend who had a stone coffin made for himself, said. Faith, that's good. Sure an' a stone coffin 'ud last a man a lifetime. Look at liar waist. I notice that the ladies generally are wearing high-necked dresses this year. Yes, said the old fox-hunter, they seem to have been driven to cover at last. Mr Williams, of the Petersburg hotel, is in a higher Court asking that the licence granted to Mr Sheridan, at the Petersburg railway station, by the Port Augusta Bench, by upset. A woman cornered her' husband by asking: My dear, if you can't really drink bad eoifee without abusing me, how is it you can drink bad whisky without abusing the waiters ? Mrs Edward Dunn, of Yarcowie, who died on Saturday, was buried last Sunday. Her funeral was very largely attended, the largest, it is said, which has taken place in the town ship. At the theatre. Miss Bavlowe (who is some what short-sighted) : Oh, mamma, look at that beautiful white bonnet in the front row, centre aisle. Mamma : Sh-h, child. That is old Mr Watson's bald head. Sure, I'm heir to an immense estate under my father's will. When he ordered my eldest brother to divide the house with me, by St. Patrick, he did it !—for he tuk the inside him self and gave me the outside. Young Mr Sissy (to his pretty cousin): I say, Maud, how did my song ' Home Again from a Foreign Shore ' seem to impress the com pany ? Pretty Cousiu : Well, some of them, Charley, looked as if they were sorry that we ever came back. An information has been laid against M''~ S. G. Kingston, the well-known solicitor, by Mrs Anderson, on a charge of of unlawfulld wound ing her husband, Mr J. Anderson, lato of the Jetty Hotel, Glengeld, on October 9. The case will-bo heard at the Police Court on THesday. So you have got a wife, said Jones to a newly married man. Don't know, don't know, re plied the man with evident hesitation sometimes I. think I've got her, aud sometimes I think she's got me. You see, I've only been married a few months, and can't tell just yet how the blamed combination is going to turn out. Dudeiy (who is not as big a fool as he looks) —Did you, ah ? give my card to Mith Bocdclip per? Servant—Yes, sir. Dudeiy—What did she say ? Servant—She told-me to tell you, sir, that she was sorry she was not in. Dudeiy— Ah, indeed ! Please tell your misthress that I said I wath glad I didn't call. Wife : I wouldn't worry, dear;. it does no good to borrow trouble.—Husband—Great Caesar ! I ain't bcrrowin' trouble. I've got it to lend. He subsided without a word, and drank the coffee. Her leap-year letter : Dear Charlie, I en close, my hand and heart as contributions to your future happiness. Also a twopenny stamp. If not accepted please return and oblige, yours in hope, Annie.—His reply: Dear Annie, I have examined yoi'r contributions with pleasure, but regret that I must return them as not available, owing to the pressure of other matter upon the columns of our future happiness. Yours,, in charity, Charlie, St. J.ohn's, Terowie.— ISText Sunday even ing. at.this Church, the Rev*. .Tom Warcl will preach on School 'work. That.day is set apart as a day of intercession for Sunday Schools. 