BAPTIST CHURCH. REV. MK. CORBET'S FAREWELL SERMONS. It bain? known that tha Rev. D. Corbet, pastor of the Baptist Church, would prcaoh Ilia farewell sermons yestorday, there was a' very Urge attendance at both i morning and averting services, and his remarks wqte, lis tened to with deep emotion and ayMpathy. At the morning service tha rev.- gentleman took fot his tixt, the last verae of the 13th ohapterof 2nd Corinthians,—" The Graoe of the Lord tTesus Christ, and the love of God, and the Communion of the Holy Ghost, ba with you all. Amen." It was not without especial Bignificanoo that passage was plaeed at the close of an epistle whioh had been written under oircumstanoea of a most agita ting character. The epistle disolosed tha fact the apostle had bean writing under a grout mental strain, and obliged to use euoh severity of language, that it had been a posi tive pain to him, but ' ho felt that it was necessary that they should see that he could no' as an apostle do otherwise, if he would be faithful to God, and to tha charga committed to him. The benediction pronounoed was for all the ohuroh without any reserve, those to whom he wrote were all in grace, and this beautiful benediotion coming as it did at the close of a teverai epiBtle, can only be regarded as the outcome of the spirit of a man, who had felt it to be a eenae of duty to do What he had J , a cense of his faithfulness to God demanded to speak in the manner he had dona throughout the epistle. In that benediotion the Trinity was beautifully Bet forth, but the apostle had made a departure from the usual order, and had placed all on an equality, and ha had done this in many other passages of his epistles. He expresses hia wish that the grace of the Lord Joaua, whioh has been such a power to his life, might be on tha Corinthians, even with them, and this might be taken as a reason for the apostle; placing the name of Christ, before th-.t of God. Then he could not omit to mention of God. No one knew better than the apostle, that it was by the graoe of the Lord Jesus, that the lova of God ahone out—it was a matter of per sonal experience to bim. They should look at wha5 wai expressed by the term "Grace of Jesus Christ." There was a wealth of blessing expressed in these words. It was divine favour, meroy rescued the sinner, but grace filled him with aftection, flooded him with light, with divine favour. That was tragically asserted in the death of Jesus Ohrist for man's salvation; Thus the position of the believer was one of immeasurable trust, ho had only-to surrender. himself to that stream of light, make room for it in W» heart and he would find the sweetness of the words of tho apoatle in the benediotion.^ He then proceeded to explain the meaning of tha expression of the communion of the Holy Ghost. Many formed wnng ideaa 'of it, but to his mind the oorrect solution was having something i.i common. Thia was not to ba found in prayer, which was simply asking God for something w.hiohthuy felt they roquired ; a man might pray to God all his lifetime, and not know what communion waB, because there ivaa nothing in common between him ane God. What then, he asked, was common between them 1 -This, that we had a delight in God, and God had a delight in us, we love Gdd bdeauae he first loved us, brought about by the death and sacrifice of the dear Son of God. We who are in that love fire brought back to God by tho Lord Jesus ChriBt— God's ahildren are raised to ' the same rank as Jesus, and more, but redeemed sinners are entitled to rank as God's children and enjoy the communion here spoken of. That love, grace, and communion were blessings bound up with the very existence of God j it was the delight of the redeemed in God. Tho more they know of God the more_ would be their co'mmuuion with Him. And in con olusion, he asked what words could he (the preacher) use to expreBs hia affection for them j sinoerely he could ask God's blessing on that churoh, and in doing bo he gave them the utterance of hia heart before God in relation to them. His parting words to diem would be the worda of hia text—The grace of the Lord Jesu3 Christ, the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen. In the evening, tho church was crowded, and the Rev. Mr Corbet delivereda feeling and affectionate address from numbers VI oh 24, 25, 2(1 v.—" The Lord bleaa thee and keep thee ; the Lord make His face to shine upon thee, and be gracious unto thee ; the Lord lift up his countenance and give thee peace." ln: the chapter selected, God, he sa?d, was making known hit. will to Moses, and directing him as to what orders ho should give to tho. sons of Aaron, respect ing the elocution of tho priest'y office,— to bless thu people in tho name of tho Lord, and to claim the people as God's possession, Nothing could be more simply expressed, and it brought with it immense blessings on tho people. The testimony of tho word of God was thaii the. man of God had a right to bless, and men looked to Him as having authority. .There was no primaoy in tha ohuroh of God —men might make suoh dis tinctions, but there.was rono IntheGoapel. The minister might be but au earthen veaael but if he had an unotion from the Holy One the vessel was Banctifisd, and made meet for the Master's service. Ho' then proceeded to discant at length on tha various points of hia text, elucidating tho meaning and the beau'.ieBof their application !o tho needs and neooaaitie* of every member of tho ohuroh. And .now, he remnrked, wo have to face the fact of tho condition of . thin kb to-night, to face a separation ; I am Carting wi:h you—I am leaving you, and I want from the depths of, my hesrt to utter a prayer that these sweet blessings of this benediction may be yours. And I utter in tho uaae of everyone of you this benediotion— " The Lord bless you, the Lord make his face to shino. upon you and be gracious unto you ; the Lord lift up his countenanco on you and givo you peace." In a benediction iike thia wo 1-avi tha very sppeoh of God, and its words aro • my. pruyei lo-night. In all things pertaining to this life many blea aingB bewith you that you may have enough and to spare j if yourstoro ia but limited may tho divine hnnd break and dis tribute them, bo that they would become multiplied, ivlay Ha bless you by turning all your griefs into joya—thus form a ministry of education in gr'oo. To llvo without God ia to live an unblessed life ; giving 4oea 'not impoverish you. " Oh every one f'ab ia nthirst, oome to tho Katera of life ; he that hath no monoy come" ; tho more you take, tho greater supply. I now commend ymi to Gcd, and to tho word of His grace, which in nhl.j to bu'Vl you up ) 1 have endeavoured by God's >> ill to present ; Jesus Christ to you. It litis b jun the one aim of my ministry. Jsbus and Him cruoi fied,—it ia the life which comes from Him wh'ch favos no other lile but that; if we have not that life we are not saved men or wow n. I will close his remniks by the expression-."'My love be with you ell in Chriat J.aus." 