ORIGINAL POETRY. PAST; PRESENT, AND FUTURE. Sitpplical — Father, I como for your counsels, Weary of scones of turmoil, Blending of dinroa and rnnndala World now of pleasuro, now toil. Whore la the end of our living ! " What la the boon that lifo brings ! On onrth is thero no perfect giving— ivj nearc tuat continually sings? I havr — 'fidjjtrial of most things — Ft\;A&uiat; were true for a while. Love, the supromeat of ghost-kings, . Doignod a brief moment to smilo. Money, my slave, for a season ; Strength, lifting hope now and then, Dreams, soon dispelled by ray reason, Faith, by my knowledge of men t Ia tbere, then, fatber, no potion — :No perfect harmony here? Sound waves from true harps of emotion Break ahiv'ring on discord and jeer. .Whore has onr chivalry vanished ? Who are the knights of to-day ? Is true nobility banished— , Puro gold resolved Into. clay ? Havo true manly courngo and vigour, High spirit, possession of forco, By latter-day Iloordom and rigour Been rudely compelled to di force From cnnrtbousnessgontlo domoanour? And in their stead bidden embrace Rudeness and ronghness, their senior Born of old barbarous race. Our knights of thin latest cycle, (If so wo may call, them still Hugo itnighta of St. George and St. Michael— .And Knights of the Bourso and tho Till! Must they have humble devotion To God, and tho aid of Distress, The love of true Beauty— the notion Of gracious and kindly address 1 Or will their due qualification sse eometning eparc from all tbese— An ample and well-timed donation. Political wrongs to appease P Reward for a present adherence, Inducement for futuro support. Do these never work interference— Or can titles novcr bo bought ? Father, I loathe all the meanness And sordid contentions of caste ; I long for tho gold and tho groonnoaa, The beauty and strength of the past. Can you throw oil on the billow- Point ont wlicro happiness dwells— Transplant tho cyprus and willow. Bring back the pure asphodols ? Pastor Monet— Son, his state is sad and restless Who, along tho path of life, Bustles with tho swarm of hestlcss Mortals plunged in constant strifo— Turn thino eyes to God. Man by nature is unholy, (Passions, nppotito, and lust,) Scarcely approhonds tho soul he Had from God on sacred trust, joon he feels tho rod. Know that you aro your own tyrant ! When you harkon to the flesh Justice— retributive, silent- Weaves around yoa tnosh on mesh Pleasure turns to pain. From tho chains of earth withdraw you— Purge yourself with cleansing fires — Mortify tho body, or you Cannot quell the world's desires, 'aim you thus shall gain. Spend your days and nights in prayer, Fix yonr hopee on highest heaven. All VAttr Mini fhmifftihi lav tinra All unrighteous seething leaven 3 'lace before tho Cross, a Thus to heights pure, spiritual, j( You at last victorious gain, ? Gone tho body's fever fuel, | Gone all error of the brain— I taunt as gain the loss. I tsurgit— ra Father, I thank you, your sermon H Hoi v ffnot be unjust ; Yet cck .nature's clear firman — I "Lii\ ®>ues and dust !M rj Man wal to despise all 1 Good uiiiijj/d the world has to give— I Sure even saok-oloth and Blgbs pall— n Cannot one live and let live ? |1 Were we, then, born on this planet S Only to long for the next— g Rail at God's work and profane it 1 Making things plain look perplexed ? H Should we not love to bo living H As other animals do — II Just for the pleasure of giving 2| Play to the instincts that jgrew S With us like leaves from the plant-stem, 33 Bursting at length into flower, m Shall we not readily grant them |» Freedom to brighten an hour ? H| May wo not livo in tho present ? H| Joy in the life of the past ? Sgl Cherish the numerous nascent aa Glories that palo all our East ?. fill Surely our nature cries action— Sgl Both of the body and mind— EH You would divide us ! One fraction 31 Develops, and ono fraction hind ! — la Till all its tendencies deaden, |J Itself but a burdoo to bear, Along a steep pathway and leaden H That leads over mountains of oare ! m You, with your eyes fixed on heaven, While your feet stray over earth, »jj Trip over what you call leaven— wk This woe not meant at your birth. uutuo, ffltu bOe aUUlU gvltUU uilwviuui Gaze both above and around, ||j Sanctify earth by affection— 11 Worship a God nearer found. UU Still, the dark pioturo you furnish Serves as a foil to display Beauties, half-hidden, that burnish III The Rtormy, sad life of to-day m a # . . Eg I will arise, and, uniting W Action to some noble aim, ffl Bresson, tillLifo'sBorder-laadsighting B I pass, and find ail things made plain. Bn Corowa, March, 1888. : LAMA. EExvibion Coubts.— On tho following courts of rovision will bo held at — llPury, May 15 : Corowa, May IB; Turn- rumba, May 14; Germanton, May- 17; ;-£irad Narandera, May 16. The Latk Fibk near Dbana. — Tho \- Movormnont have offorod a reward of JB50 \- J?fBuch Information as will load to tho ; ®viction of tho person or porsons who sfefc firo to tho building known as Green's u apyfch Hotel, near Urana, on tho I7th Sebruary lagt, Tus Government Subbidt to Aoriotjl- -Tubal SooixTiBs. — It appears that tho fe.vW&toment; mado last week by tho 8, M. Efrald that tho Governmant had decided ! J .grant tho subsidy to agricultural . pieties for tho yoar 1887 at tho rate of J . : Jfr «£ was prematura. It is understood ?1 Colonial treasurer is advorse to y. «£for £ subsidy on tho score of shortness Ql full, la tliniinli ,Iia ra ssn.lf.s, nf TT1 PHlllfirfl i I the Houso favour tho proposal, and it is loly through tho Bupromaoy of tho voting 4er that tho subsidy maybe expected. ; ;.Ptition bos been propared by Mr. J. ftyes, M.L.A., and other country membore "jrjling that tho subsidy ho granted, and S:: tho reply received from Sir Jlonry jurkea to whom tho petition has been v. fifesented. Mr. Hayes considers himsolf ;; Mfled in hoping that tho Government \- it eventually accede to tho request. La- v: advices from Sydnoy state that tho yovornmont strongly disapprove of holding s.' jjuumwrable small shows, and think that 8dbsidinas,£» presont granted to the jall uocietA bo more benoflcially g-T®vted to a fow good shows in ar?o csdtrea of the colony. The ETole question of the distribution of tho shiidy is now under consideration. I The Cores# FoPnD.— On Friday tho j Corowa bench of Magistrates accepted tho resignation of E. A. Martin, as keeper of tho Coreen pound, and ap pointed Jarnos Pigot to fill tho Vacancy, conditionally upon Iur performance of tho 410 bond. , Dkatii op Mr. Titos, T#nev.— Wo bave to record tho death, at bis residence, near Lowesdalo, of Mr. Thos. Tonnoy, farraor. As early as February, 1874, Mr. Tenney took up land on Barrviaa. whom h until his doath, which took place on Satur day last. For somo time past ho had boon in failing health and his demise was not unexpected. His remains wore interred in tho Corowa Old Comotary on Sunday PKDKSTRrANiaa.— Mr. R, Yates, of Wah gunyah, has at laiifc, aftor a singularly bad rtm of luck, managed to land the stakes and clear expenses. He has had iu all 17 starts, and though running strong and straight on .all occasions has had tho fates against him.. At Yarrawonga on Easter Monday, however, he won prizes to tho amount of 441 Os., viz., tho Oddfollows' Handicap of 35 sove„ tho Members' Handi cap of 44 4s., and second for the Lotlios' Brncelot 42 2s. Bane op Australasia.- At the half- jvirly meeting of tho London diroetory of Bank of Australasia, hold last Thurs day, it was decided to make a grant of 41500 a yoar for fivo years to the family of the late Mr. E. S. Parkes, suporintonaont of the Bank of Australasia, who was killed lost year in tho Windsor railway accident. Viscount Anson, tho oldost son of the Earl of Lichfiold was appointed a member of tho London board of airontors in placo of the late Sir Wm. M Arthur. Corowa Licensing Court. — At the quarterly moctiog of tho Corowa llconsiog bonch, held on Friday, boforo tho P.M., Mr, H. Hay, and Dr. Lang, Joseph Redmayne applied for tho issue of a conditional pub lican's liconso for a houso to bo situated ia Walker Streot, Corowa, and to contain sovon rooms, oxclusivo of thoso required for tho uso of the family. Mr. E. R. Nicol- son appeped for tho applicant. No objec tions boing urged by tho inspector tho application was granted. William Spears applied for tho issno of a conditional publi can's liconso for a houso to bo situated on tho Albury road, near Corowa, and to con tain seven rooms, oxolusivo of those, re quired for tho uso of tho family. Mr. E. R. Nicolson appeared ia support of tho application, which was gran tou on condition that a bathroom was to bo erected. A renewal of the publican's liconso for the Mill Hotol, Corowa, to Oscar Kusohort, and a transfer of tho publican's Ucuneo for tho Star Hotel, Corowa, from Charles H. Moras to Richard King were granted. Mr. 8. L. West's " Tradition."— Tho big brown colt, by Richmond— Bridal Wreath, who mado bis first appoaranco on the Burryjaa courso, and surprised the layers of odds nt Corowa, has again aobiorcd success for his owner by winning tho Flying Handicap, of 60 sovs., and tho Yorong Handicap of 80 sovs., at tho Yorong Race meeting on Easter Monday. Tradition has had fivo starts and fivo wins— landing his ownor some 212 sovs. nod a bracolet valued at 20 sovs. At Yerong ho met and defeated the veteran Drumstick by two lengths, just after having bcaton Latona badly in Flying Handicap, bnt carrying 10 lbs less than tho aged gotding. He was ridden by Aspinall in both races. Wo aro informod that 4350 was offered for Tradition ofter tho Handicap, For tho Murrumbidgeo Turf Club Autumn Meeting Tradition is top weight in both big events— the Autumn auuuwu|i uuu iuu xuri viuu nuumcftp, giving Drumstiek Gibs in each. The handicapping is peculiar, and we are not surprised to hear that Tradition is scratched. Wo are informed that he Is to bo turned out for five months, after whioh ho will be sent to Melbourne. Railway Accident at Wodonga.— An accident which at first was reported to havo been of a serious charaoter, and re sulting in the loss of life, happened at Wodonga early on Tuesday morning. Fortunately ou inquiry the rumours as to the very serious nature of the accident proved to be unfounded, and 'the result of the collision amounted to no more than somo damage to the rolling stock, and a temporary stoppage of traffic. It appears (Bays the Border Post) that there was a goods train standing at the Wodonga station about the time the Vioborian express is due from Albury, and through some mistake this tain was not pulled out of tho way in time to allow tho line being cleared for the express. The driver of the lattor on enter ing tho station was unable to pull up in time to prevent a collision, and the engine of the express ran into the rear of tho goods train, throwing' two or threo trucks off the line. The collision was very sharp, and canned some consternation among the pas sengers in the express train, but, so far as can be learned no one complained of boing, injured. Tho express was then got on to tho line, and tho train proceeded on its journey with very little delay. The ex- pross engino was uninjured, and the damago was confined to the wreoking of two goods trucks. Tho lino on which the acoidenfc occurred remained blocked for about throe hours. Mr. Griffin, the relieving Btation- master at Albury, with a number of mon went over to Wodooga by a special engino soon after tho news of the misnap came to band, and a number of the railway people are now engaged in olearing away the debris from off .the line. It has not yet been ascertained on whom the blame con bo fixed, bnt, as usual in suoh cases, a depart mental inquiry will ho held. Intercolonial Freetrade. — A good deal was heard at one time about "Inter colonial Freotrado," but tho question of late has dropped out of sight. It haa beon revived by the Viotorian Chamber of Manu factures, whioh has asked tho Sydney Chamber of Commorco to appoint delegates to a conference to bo hold in thiB oity during tho present yoar. The committee of the Sydnoy Chambor, as reported by tho President last night, replied to tho invi tation by statiug that if by " intercolonial free trade" was meant tho oxolusion of this colony from participating in tho bonoflts of unrestricted und natural intercourse with the mother country and the other nations of the earth, it would bo futile to enter into such discussion. Tho committco is right in saying that under tho circum stances desoribod it would bo useless to discuss tho aubjoot; but it aecmB to havo misconceived tho idea which the Victorian manufacturers have in view. They do not wish to intorforo with tho tariffs of the other colonies, as thoy interfere with tho produots and manufaotureB of tho outer world ; what they want is tho abolition of all Customs duties at Australian ports upon Australian products and manufactures; in other words thoy desire tho free, inter obange amongst tho Australian colonies of all things grown and mado in Australia. It is curious to note that this free-trade suggestion comes from a protectionist class in a protectionist colony. The thing seomB surprising at first sight, but it is easily explained. Self interest as in all protec tionist movements, is at tho bottom of tho suggestion. Victoria has over prodacod and over manufactured, and it would bo to her advantage to havo the run of all tho Australian markets. If this were accom plished sho could well afford to lot in froc all the articles of local origin that tho other colonies could send to her, sho oould evon afford to givo up the Btock tax. But it is not all nt clear that the change would confor corresponding bonoflts upon tho other colonies, and tho proposal is not likoly to make much headway in any colony oxcept Victoria. Even if tho arrangomont wero mutually advantageous to tho colonics, it would savour of unfriendliness to the mnfknn rtnimfW fktld frtP tflfifc MlUon WOUld be decidedly objootionablo.— S. 21. Herald 