GALLERY NOTES. AiL;the front scatejin tho visiters' galleries wero taken at an early hoar yesterday afternoon, tho attraction being the paring over of the slakes in tho M'SLhone-MiTtL. son four rounds turn up of Toosdav night Tbo strangers' gallery was filled by a gathering of gentlemen, amongst whom were not a few ot thoso heroes of the mittens who occasionally delight largo and respectable audiences at places where men I?, y®0 wIuch c11 knock the mwt flesh off his neighbour for 6s an evening. Punctually at tho call of "time" th« Speaker took tho chair, and after some formal business tho defeated man stopped forward and oxpressod his entire satisfac tion with tho wholo arrangement. Ha found no fault with anyone connected with tho engagement, and said that Mathesoa was tho beet man ho ovor mot, but he nridod himsolf that tho cross buttock ho gave him in tho second round was something un equalled in any fight slnco Jem Macs fought his groat battlo with Joe Gosi. Tho apologies common cod about half- past four, when Mr. M'Elhono express od deep contrition for offending against the canons of good taste, as exemplified in all too actions of hon. mombers, by lifting hU hand in anger against an hon. gentleman. He explained at some length the circum stances of the quarrel, and said that under similar pressure bo would plug hit iato antagonist again, and kit him hard and often. He would direct tho attention of tho House to the report of the encounter winch appeared in a certain paper, and requested hon. members not to beuevc any account which mado it appear that he had not the best of tho go from tho time tliey entered the room till the sponge was thrown up. Ho woutd again refer to tho cross buttock ho gave his opponent In tho thinl round, and point out that it his k ind had not failed him at'tho critical moment the result would havo been different. An hon. member asked why, when he was called a liar, the hon. gentleman did not walk away and seek a legal remedy later. Ho replied promptly he was better pleased things were as thoy wero. No one could call their little " scrap " a fight. It was, in his opinion, something like tho Burke and Foley massacre, except that there was no gate money. Mr. Mathesoa would not apologise for his act, though he regretted bo had offended against tho dignity of tho House. He was not ashamed of the fight, and he laughed to acorn any statement which would lead to tho supposition that he could not havo won the battle at any time when ho felt disposed to let go with his right hand. Mr. M'Elhono had stated that if a fly had been roosting on any part of tho M'Elhonian frame it would not have been dislodged by any blow he had received. Well, he woold not say anything more about that, but if Mr. M'Elhone would now place a fly on his figurehead, he would drivo it clean through, and clinch its claws on the otlicrside. Speaking of himself, ho would say he was a man who was ablo to trace ItU descent back to Cain. Hlw name was Mathesoni on tho Grampian HIUs hu father fed his flock, and hu wished it to bo distinctly understood that ho would not be called a swindler by any man. The hon. gentleman stood upon his Scottish dignity, and said that if ho had not awnged tho insult, ho would have fore gathered to his highland sires and never more looked upon his wife and weans. However, in accordance with Die forms of the House, ho apologised for the insult he had offered it, but tho blame rested on the toon who hod forced him to straighten hU arms against his adversary, and Lay him out cold in four rounds, which he could do at any timo or at any hour for anything from a black button to a white rock. Then the matter dropped. . The real business of tho evening com menced when the Public Works Bill came on for discussion in committee. The third clause of the bill, which provided for tho appointing of a grand committeo of members of both Houses to collect ovi denco on all matters involving tho expen diture of poblic moneys. The debate wu a long weary six hours go-as-you-please talking match, in which hou. member betrayed their ignorance or knowledge of Constitutional law. And ignorant seemed to have a strong lead all through. Mr. O'&ullivan;, in the courao of his remarks, said that Sir 1L Parkes In his younger days was a battler for tho rights and liberties of the people. Now in his old ago he was developing into a Conservative and an enemy of tho masses. Sir U. Park cm considered this was a shameful remark, and when ho roso to apeak cold the Houso that bis namo would bo fresh in the memory of the peoplo of this country long after tho groat grandson of thoO'Sullivau had becorno a ghost. Mr. Dlbba wanted to know what on earth the chance of Sir Hcnrf -Parke' name being green in the memory of the peoplo had to do with tho question bofurc the House, and expressed tus opinion that the Colonial Secretary liked to indulge in toll talk for the sake of wasting time. ' Wasting time I " echoed the Premier, when ho recovered his breath after this audacious statement—" wasting time," what ts all this childish twaddle but n waste of time; and for once in a way the Colonial Secretary crowded into a sentence a vein of truth running IGoz to the pound avotnlnpois. He worked off a chain of twaddle, and was followed with twaddle till the House divided on the question, and the Government camod their motion. 