CONCERT. ! Tue concert .vhich h.4. fo»- < time to lie given by tiie Yass Albert Minstrels i: aid of the funds of the Yass Presbyterian Manse took place in the hall of the Mechutrcs' Instilut; 011 w ecmesday evening, and wenuistsavth.il i we were disappointed in not seeing a much larger audience. The hall was only about hall Idled ; all the front seats, however, were occupied and there was a fair attendance in the g.allerv, I .using into consideration the well-known vocal abilities ol the amateurs and the object for which the entertainment was being held, we expected to see the hall better filled. ' No doubt the cen tennial trips to the metropolis and the aldei manic election ol to-morrow kept many friends engaged and pi evented their attendance. The entertain ment was a perfect success, each amateur fulfil- l|no his Lin in i most crcclitib'c nvinncr The members of the Town Band kindly gave their assistance by marching through the street and playing selections of music in i'ront of the hall for half an hour before eight o'clock. Miss IJllie Peinbrooke played the accompaniments 011 the piano throughout the evening in her usual faultless manner. The entertainment opened with a performance hy the minstrels ; Mr. C. II. Thomson being interlocutor and the corner men' being Messrs Victor Tartakover and F. I'atmore as tamho and Rones, whose jokes and witticisms were good and thoroughly appreciated by the audience. Aftei an overture and opening chorus hy the company, the following songs were given and each vocalist was warmly applauded : — " White Wings," Mr. C. 'Thomson ; " .Susan will be there " (comic song), Mr. F. I'atmore ; " Poor Old Dad," Mr. A. Barber ; " Sailor Ben Hope" Mi. 1. Gilmore/ "Dip me in de golden sea" (comic song), Mr. V. Tartakover. This was followed by the performance ol a piece entitled 1 'le„ Tru Loobies,"' in which Messrs. Pattnore and Tartakover donned the peelers' uniform (and the clothes appeared just as if they were made to order), and the respective parts taken bv other members of the company caused tbepiece tocreat" considerable mirth, and at its conclusion a prize fight, in two oz. gloves, resulting in a draw, took place between Messrs. Crowe (Foley) and Il.trt (Burke.) After an intermission of ten minutes the second part of the programme was opened by Miss L Peinbrooke and Master C. Wood playing an overture, " hairy Queen," which was received with warm and well deserved applause. The sketch— Grandmother's Ghost— was placed on the stage and the merriment it created was the strongest proof that it was thoroughly ap- pteciated. The characters taken were Mr A Crowe, " Sam " ; Mr. C. Thomson, "Jim " 'Mr' A. Barber, "Aunt Chloe"; and Mr Hart' " Harry." Mr. Victor Tartakover (as the white eyed Kaffir) next appeared and, as his wont delighted the audience with iiis nigger speciali ties, for which he was encored and in response gave " This is the only one." A quartette, " The Masher, "was most effectively rendered hy Messrs. Gilmore, 'Thomson, Barber and Pal more and they were loudly applauded and, in response to repeated encores, they gave the last verse Mr. A. Barber was the last vocalist to appear and although all the other songs were given in a manner reflecting the highest credit 011 the vocalists, we believe Mr. Barber's song, " The Old Rustic Btidge," was the song of the evening and well was the applause merited with which 'it was greeted. In reply to loud encores Mr. Iiii bci 1 opc.itcci the list veise of the son. The ' entei taiinncnt was brought to a close with the i ' laughable farce entitled ' That boy Pete," and so I . well were the parts gone through that the i ; audience were kept in convulsions. The i I characters taken were " Old Podgers" Mr. \V. ! Sunderland; Miss I'odgers (an old maid) Mr i ' C. Thomson ; Pete, Mr. Y. Tartakover ; Sambo' 1 3 r r x1';. P:l.Fno.re Scatterbrass (in love with' 1 lulia), Mr. I. Gilmore; Sally (a houscmaidk Mr I 1 \\. Barber; Julia (daughtsrol the Colonel) Mr! i r U. Hart ; Bailiffs, Messrs. Crowe and Knox. ! Hie concert was brought ton conclusion with a 1 n valk round by the whole of the company and ! ! ts management reflects the greatest credit on !' Ir. \ . lurtikover, is did also the performance of II who took part in it, and it gave every satis- a iction to the respectable and appreciative I' udience who patronised it with their presence b YASS SMALL DEBTS COURT. Tuesday, Fkdruaky 7. Before Major Chisholm P.M., and .Messrs. Moriartv and Gray. A. McCallum v. John Roche ; value of a ,run 25s' l'lajntilf stated that the defendant came into Mr. Barber's office and saw a gun there ; asked the price of it, which he tolcl him/ defendant said he would take the gun, and it was agreed if it did not suit him lie could return it ; he did not return it in due time, and then he sent him three bills for it, and alter sending the third bill, de fendant returned the gun— saying it would not suit him ; he then had the gun three months in his possession. Defendant admitted getting the gun, but Mr. I McCallum told him to take it on trial, saying if it did not suit him he could return it ; lie never used the gun ; he got it for a man who only used it once and said it would not suit him. Plaintiff said lie only brought the case to test if a man could get property on trial and return it at his will. Verdict for plaintiff, £1 5s., with costs of court. M. Coen v. Edward Ordige, junr. No appear ance. ================== SPORTS AT BOOKHAM. On Saturday last, Feb. 4, a day's athletic sports were held in Bookham and proved a great suc cess. 'There was a goodly number of competi tors and the spectators were numerous. The whole arrangements were in the hands of a hard working committee, who did not fail to give every satisfaction. The handicappers (Messrs. Dwyer, Dale, Vicq and Maher) performed their onerous work very honestly ; and the judge (Mr. Shawel- haod), the lion. sec. (Mr. J. Dale) and tho starters (Messrs. Brander and Caliill) performed their several duties to the evident satisfaction of all concerned. Following is a list of events and results : — Fi.at Race. — uoo yards, handicap. S. Dale, Goodradigbce, 9 yards 1 R. Green, Yass, scratch 2 H o p, Ste p a n d J u m p . R. Green, Yass W. Broo e, Chidowla 2 I la p Race. — 120 yards, handicap. 1 P. Carroll, Chidowla, S yards x R. Green, Yass, scratch 2 Runninu High Jump. P. Carroll, Chidowla 1 R. Green, Yass 2 Grani Centennial Handicap.— i 50 ya"rds. T. Gilmore, Downing, 4 yards 1 R. Green, Yass, scratch 2 Throwing at Wicket.— 22 yards. " R. Green, Yass r I-I. lleacham, Bookham 2 Qui tp Match. — 18 yards, handicap. W. F. Smith, Binalong, scratch 1 W. Osborne, Jugiong, 4 points 2 Boys' Race.— ioo yards, handicap, for boys under 13 years of age. A. Vicq, Bookham, 4 yards 1 Sack Race. — So yards. W. Osborne, Jugiong j The settling took place at the Bookham Inn, at S.30 o'clock, when Mr. Slriwelliood handed over lo the various successful competitors the amounts they had won. Mr Shawelhood, in proposing the health ol the winners, said he hoped that not only tl.ey but the losers also were satisfied that all countered with the affair had done their duty as far as they could, without fear or favour ; and he trusted that when next a day's sport was held at Bookham not only all those who had been present that day but many more ol their friends would roll up and second the efforts of the local committee to provide a little amusement fur the people. Mr. T. Gilmore made a happy reply. This brought the day's proceedings lo a close, and it is worthy of note that not an incident occurred lo mar the pro ceedings. A few minor disputes (inseparable , , o.,W.oUly ;mf| !lmjP:,hiy t ; settled, and all returned to their homes ; j thoroughly satisfied. ======================== r ; The Maii. Train. —'The mail train for Yass I ; yesterday morning was two and a half hours j lale. J lie delay was caused through t h a tra:n j passing over a bullock near Grnilburn. j Puisi.ic 1 1 01.1 day. — 'Thursday, the 23rd ; instant, has been proclaimed a public holiday , in the district of Yass. i Eastern Approach to Taemas Bridge. We understand that the Under of Mr. George 1 histlelon has been accepted for making the eastern approach to Taemas Bridge. Binai.ong., — A good treat is in store to morrow evening for the young ladies and gentlemen of Binalong who are lovers of 1 ei psichore. Under the able management of Mr. bargent, a ball and supper will be held in the Assembly K00111, and all we can say is that, with Mr. Sargent at the helm, we know a very pleasant evening will be spent. The Anniversary Sports. — At the Odd fellows' athletic sports, held in the Euralie paddock, Yass, on last Anniversary day, a protest was entered against the winner of the Centennial Handicap, and the committee decided to adjourn the protect for considera tion and also to consider the performances of the second man. Accordingly the committee met at Walters' Salutation Inn on last Monday evening, the 6th instant, and, after reading a letter which was forwarded to the secretary (Mr. A. Taylor) by the nominator of R. Alexander foregoing all monies on his behalf as he had not been nominated according to performances, the committee decided to pay the fi-st money to P. I-Iarrigaii, second money to Gilmore, and lo retain the third and fourth money. The committee then disqualified the man who ran under the name of 15. McLean from Cuolaman, for 12 months, and also the' man who ran under the name of R. Alexander, of Yass, for 12 months. 'I hi; ought to 'act as a caution to all men who enter for prizes at athletic sports to give in, when making their nominations, not only their proper names but their true and correct performances. Yass P. and A. Association. — For the third time in succession the committee meeting of the Yass P. and A. Association lapsed for want of a quorum. The only members present on Tuesday afternoon were Messrs. J. Duffy and G. Merriman (country members), and M. Coen and A. C. Wood (town members). The secretary (Mr. A. McCallum) was also in attendance. It would seem that the present committee desire the Association to become defunct. Bankruptcy. — Michael Joseph Reid, Yass blacksmith. Mr. Morris, official assignee. DEATH IN THE HOSPITAL. — A very old resident of the Yass district named Mrs. O'Brien, who lived at upper Blakney for over 35 years, was admitted to the hospital on Sunday and died there on Tuesday. Deceased had been married twice, her first husband's name being Dunley. Her funeral took place yesterday and as a mark of respect to her memory many of the leading residents of Blakney came into Yass and followed her re- mains to the grave. (Quarter Sessions. — The following "isoneis ate for trial at the sess ons com- U'ncing in Yass next Tuesday before his luuoi Judge Mchailand. — Thomas Morrison nd Frederick Hutchinson, stealing from the erson, at Bowning ; John llcll, half- caste 011 ail shooting with intent. The Young Municipal Ri.i:ci;ions. — Ai the municipal elections at Young 011 Tuceday, for the election of aldermen and auditors, there were 14 nominations for aldermen and one for the office of auditors. For aldermen in honors three persons nominated retired, and all the other nomination papers were declared by the returning officer to be informal. Molloway's Pills. — Nervousness and want of Energy. — When first the nerves feel unstrung and listlcssncss supplant.; energy, the time lias come to take some such alterative as Holloway's Pil's to restrain a disorder from developing itsell into a disease. These excellent Pills correct ail iriegularitics and weaknesses. They act so kindly yet so energetically on the functions of digestion and assimilation, that the v. hole body is revived, the blood rendered richer and purer, while die muscles become firmer and stronger, and the nerves and absoibcht system; are invigorated. These Pills are suitable for all classes and all ages. They have a most marvellous effect on persons who are nut of condition ; they soon rectify whatever is in fault, restore strength to the body and confidence to the mind. "A good na mo i.s bet tor than prooiuits ointment." Wolfe's Sulmipp.s 41 issoshos 11 good mimi won by merit. Wolfe's Sebnapps i.s an artielo of superior merit, tlieroforo ask for it, and nneep! iul lung ids .'. IJo not impose upon your ens' .mors by substituting an imitation for the real Wolfe's rv.dni.ipps. Wolfe's Schnapps is an unequal!. si brain mo.lieinu imparting healthful vigour to that sen-itive organ. rough on CoitN.s." — Ask for Wells'" Rough on Corns." Ouick relief, complete, permanent cure, Corns, waits, bunions. At chemists and druggists. Rough on Piles.— Why suffer Piles ? Im mediate relief and complete cure guaranteed,. Ask for " Rough 0:1 Piles. " Sure cure for itching, protruding, bleeding, or nny form r.f Piles. Consumers of Wolfe's Celebrated Schnapps especially those who take it medicinally, should purchase it only by the hot tit, .and tluis ensure obtaining the genuine ail'de, there being a fraudulent imitation in the market. Large and small bottles are obtainable at eve v resneciabli: hotel in the colonies, .and tin: name of M. .Moss and Co. is on the top lublc oftiic yclicnv wrappers None else is genuine. Towlk's Pennyroyal and S teel Pills for females quickly correct all irregularities, and relieve the distressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Boxes is. 1 .'id., and 2 ;. od., ol all Chemists and Patent -Medicine Vendors. Pre pared only by The Lincoln ami Midland Counties Drug Co., Lincoln, England. Wholesale of all the Wholesale Houses. Beware of Imitation;. " i:\tix, is I '. > v.- l» " ili'-Amy; I'.l'os, I'l.EAS, .MoTIIS 1IEATI.KS, utiil nil other iiaedh, whilit uuiie hiri.ile,i to 'l"llinlieallilll.lli. Ill e.UiM'tninati'ir lieellea the sue. eii nf the ! Iimvileri; uxtrnnnlin try. It ir penVelh' elean In n.ii!ie uioa See the iirtiele yon pnreh iie is ' KE VTINU's, " a; iiiiual i..n i ' are noxious an I ladt'eetual. Sold in Tins, li.t , Is:,, ami I each, by all chemists." ' I ,ar ill Fit KB Gou-s I - Tie Ih'opri'.'t.M's of WoFe's Aro n.v'c Schiedam Schnapps, to induce ilm destruction ami prevent tS,„ : improper use of the wrappers ami labels, ami tlnu further ino , tout the public aeailist frno l ami .leception. l ave en d i , the wrappers or an let- th" lihelsof ih i .pi til hollies, .sine,, l-t October, lai.s, and continue in ev. rv .lav's p . kl-.n , tlirouidinut the year, 'I'll 1 1 l-ll-t til ORI IKIIS, whirl, are ilra.vn j upon thu undersiinie.l, ami whi.'l, will he rashcl l.v th I presentation. To secure thrse mil,, II,,- public must h. raie'ul i to ash fur, ami accept liothiiie hut the K.oiuim, r.lolpho W..h'e's : .Schnapps, with our name on the top label. m. m ..ss ami OAs tVynynr.l-lnnc, .Sydney. i 