li, . DIOCESAN SYNODS ! The Synod of the Dldoeae of Taimania ooinmcnccd.its annual »¡Hiog».io thf ¡tyaod Hall yciterday. The proceedings opeAtd1 with' the 'oclébra' ' tion of Only Commuoiop, which took place at tho Cathedral at II 'a.m. The Bishop of Tasmania officiated, assisted by the Dean, niid tho Archdeacon,' and th« sacrament was partaken of by 3P member« of Synod. At 3 o'clock the member» of /Synod assembled in ¡he Synod Rall, under the presidency of Bishop Sandford. Thero were prosont -ho following memhora, and in addition, a »limber of visitor« in that part of tbo hull reserved for them :-, , Ci.Kiiav.-Archdeacon Davenport, Dean pundits, Canon Adams, Canon Archor, Canon 'Icely, Canon Mason, Revs. 'J. S Babington, "A »arkway, C J. Brammall, G. A. Breguet, J, V, Jiucklnnd, A. Cass, K, Champion, G, Dilloi, G. F. M. Fielding, H. R. Finniss, S. B. Fookes, J. Gray, S. Hart, W. Hogg, H. Henoken-Martcn, A. Martin, T., MpDowell, W, F. Mikcriell, W. VV. F. Murny, J. H. I Raweoll. E Robinson, VV. H. Root, F. B. Saarland, G. VV. Shoobridge. A. Wayo, J. K. Wilmor, J. B. W. Woollnpugh. fi LAY REWIKSBNT4TIVE.S. - Mr. Justice Adam«, Messrs. 'Jame« Barnard,' ft.''J. Beadon, C. Breaden, Wm. Belbin, F. Bel- stead;! J. < R D.'Hotbune, T. G. Biideej' Charle« Butler, F. F. Butler« Dr. Crouch, Hon. Alfred Dobson, D. R Dossetor, C. H. Elliston, J. C. Ferguson, C. C. Fraokooinb, T. Fuller, J. Hamilton, C. J. Jorden,1 'J. Kalbfell, N. Lewi«, R. C. > Kermode, W. Lovett, R. Newman, B, C. Newell, J. Powell, Albert Reid, W. C. Sharland, B. Shaw, B. T. Solly,, I'. Stephen«, G. Waller, F. H. Wise. FI1AVKR. ' The BISHOP conducted the usual opening olfioes,and.prayers. ' . MEW MKMBER«. ' The Bisuor announced that he had received certificates of the election of the following new member«:-Dr. Crouch (D'Kntreoaateux Channel), N. K. Lewi« (South 'Dorset), J. Kalbfell (Brighton). F. H. Wiae (N«w Norfolk), L C. Breaden (Hagley). ' These inwihcra then caine forward and signed the usual declaration, and the Bishep then finally declared the sealion duly constituted and opened, >, ' , i CHAIRIfAN OF COMMITTEES. I The BiHiior stated that as Mr. Tarleton was absuni from .the colonv it would bo tuicessary to appoint a chairman of com- mittees either for the session or as his ser I vices might be required. On tho ,motiou of Rev. Canon'MASON seconded by Mr. W., LOVKTT, Mr. Jas. liaiuard was elected chairman of committees for the session. , , PAPERS. ' ' 'The BISHOP tabled a communication from the secretary of the General Synod of Aus- tralia and Tasmania in connection with the conferring of, divinity degrees by the Uni- versity of Toronto and other arrangement*) entered into by the General Synod.' The Secretary (Canon Mason) tabled tho usual sessional returns, schedules of Securities, and accounts, which were ordered to be printed,'-and Messrs. Bernard'Shaw and' Francis Beistcid were appointed to examine the1 schedules of securities, and report upon them during tho senlon; . , i l TIMK OP MKKTINO. On the motion of Canon MASON, it was ri'Bolvcd that the Mynod at its rising should adjourn till 2\'J0 p.m. next day,'and that' during the.session Synod should meet at 2*30 p.m. and adjourn at 0 p.m. for an hour and u qunrter. / " '< , ,, ,, pVNOmCAI, AUDKKSS. ' Tile BISHOP then delivered his< annual address as follow? :- , », '?> 'MY RP.VKRBND BRETHREN ANO BRETHREN , OK THE'LAIT v, i . ' Wp aro mot onco moro, after receiving together tho Holy Communion ' and with prayer for the. presence and guidance 0f Dod the Holy Ghost, to tilka counsel regard- ing the Sacred interests committed to our care.i Before ontering on the business which demands cur.attention, it may be'well to re- call the ideal of a Synod which the most devout and learned among our teachers have pressed on tho mind of tho .Church. Their endeavour has boen to raise ,us to a very solemn ' and lofty conception of its nature and functions. Thdy Would havo us regard it as nothing loss than an '"Act of worship." According to them concili ,r actionis a public and formal profession of the Faith, a' collec- tive surrender of oursolvo and of the Church in her corporate capacity to the will and pur- poses of God. It brings into our social and religious lifo tho energy and < influence of what is Spiritual, eternal, and divine, and of the revelation . and the graco vouchsafed to us by the'mercy and loyo of God, in Jesus Christ. " Holy things for holy persons " was thoprincinlowhicliundorlaythe'discipllnoand, the Church lifo of primitive Christianity. It is a principio, which the.laxity- ot dis "clpllnb in those latter days makes it specially incuirtbcnt Upon'us to roineniber and so far as may bo possible to pdt into foree. If for tho presont wo ard hindored from enforcing ,it moro strictly by positivo rale wd can 'at least heok to compensate for' this,' in some measure, by greater watchfulness ''over" our-' selves'and our own livos and conversation;' bearing continuallyjin our ramembr&nce;'the obligations of our high calling and tho character which alone befits it in the sight both of God'and man. 'Hore', too, wo should endeavour to keep alivo ih ourselvesi and in this assembly, tho 'consciousness that the functions wo ara set tq dischargo are thoHo of i ''tho members1 of the body of Christ." It is the mind of Christ wo SOCK to know and to express. It is His doctrine and teaching, His precepts and example we are to apply toi the .solution ,of the questions brought' befpro'ús,* aud which ore to doter-> mine all'wo éay or do, ' j i < , - According 'to,.this view of our coming to gothor) in Synod, if wo accept it and act up to it, there will bo throo features plainly mani- fest in 'our speech and action'. First, faithful /and closoadhorencoto the belief and principles of tho Church we ' represent." Ours is "no shadowy, indofidlto 'creed ol' system built up .by-utei} s devices, tho resulto! the greatest conimon measure of tho fluctuating opinions around us boing ascertained and formulated.' Theology is indeed a progressive science, but progressive through tbe, dovelopment of its pcduct|onsandconclusions, through tho corre- lation of thbugut to the life and working of God in! Nature and in grace! not'thrbngh any possible discovery of original data, for which we havo ho competent faculties,,ppr through tho turning of a fresh pago,'hitherto unread, in tho | volume of 'Revelation.. In that book tho linger of God has inscribed the)last consummation of the' ages-and the end,of time. This Hp himself has dbolaréd.'There Is still loft tous the spelling out, under the teach in«î of tho Holy Spirit, of tpo word, thprein inscribed, the removing of tho veil on our hearts that we1 may read it aright, and in- crease moro and moro in tho knowledge it imparts. But ' tho original luvclatioii' and creed -"is 'like the fixed point in, mathematical demonstration, tho fixed 'quantity in' some calculation, Which is the .guarantee ofi its i correctness if the calculation iprocoeds arivht. And if this be so, then the dogma and tile principles in which Bevela tion ia embodied, and m which it takes prac- tical shape as it,,passe? into action in onr own punional or Church life, must corre- spond in distinctive character and definite outline and form with the source from'which 'trioyspriiig ; ,the deductions will harmonise and I bo lin conformity, with itho data fron) 'which tiley aro dra*n. ,'It'would be simply schism in an'aggravated form if wo were to maintain our position and our J separation from so many,, professing Christians round about us, ùhany other .ground., The sacred "deposit ¡of thr- faith-1 and1 practice7ofl the Church ofOhristSa entrusted to us to guard lind hand down to generation«, ¡yet ito come] ««'we haVe received it,'notJto fashion anew or mutilate' atthb 'dictates either of our own .will, ,or,of prevailing wiahe»\'attd'i preïilectibri'«,1 even ami 'ng those we cannot but reapect and love. K-condly,,",Ob«diepe»f;iiw»ll Hu-/* mark an I feature1 ooseryablo fn onr dellbera , tiona ano) tH*.r*ulU td which w« »ra brought, l,f »hoyarebaae^Lopa rightfnlview.and oori eepHon of the fofecnarjic^ar of % Synod. \ X 11 Ineodhj(rdly,eu%ón,a«y,'fenei»ldi»cu»-' 'Sion of this point. But Ilisyçoop oonaiderv -«(mtosubmn'to you In reference- to, it, and would entreat; your'e*rheat attention to what it appears tom« to suggest..? ,, ., I do nat «4l«rfe.toknfthlrif loÉ»Vorpoculla)r to ourselteij but i* there' riot, re^ generally in these day« » ¡tendency, l*tte«d «OmetHng more thai a ten4eocr,i to exfcebt «a»sP rehuir* i before giving sympathy-and-co-operation to the Church, either as a body,or In, har nar») «hlAl(minUt^tioM''M* work; that' thing« «nould be (altogether Joehforraed' trFonè7 .pWsenal Mew .and feeling« ; and if thor* be any departure from theiay doiweinot'^-Wo' irèidUri' withdraw, ourselves and our, aupport^' betaking ourselves once morei in ««cession J» .f^rH.íWíK'eVenwhilothebrtl.i« ringinginj -onr ears to come to ¡the help of the-Lord against th»'mighty powers of indifférencié and unbelief «na evil which are rafting round .the walls of Zion ? I do not'adduco instances' 'orproof of thi«,i because I'am contoniplotlng «mV'tho general principle' involved'in such ' action, and,,am ¡anxtori»" to"'brinjf1 out its real ! character and - bearing. Tho ultlmato I question , ; it prcsonts, then, ia this-Are we. individually, to submit our-. selves' t6 th^ Church, oj is tlio Church to submit herself iii each and every case to us? And by the Church I do not mean, of course, the Clergy, but that which binds and obliges the clergy and laity aliko Neither do I refer to what is undetermined and I indifferent Although in tho case of such an individual or st minority must not, expect always to nile You will undqrttand.'l think,,, the drjft of what11 'am saying. ' Wo, all, mor* or less. live to have1 bur' oWi.wkyV'TBuYIs it well that we should' Insist ' ttpW'ii'When ire are acting as members i evett bf<sj congregation, or stttll more 9t«! Oharehl °Is9lt «trâl'that ,we should reten* anti failure to obtain It by starting asile une » broken bow and ceasing to take interest or share in what our fellow parWiIonerf ,er fellow-Cinrehtitén Hre doing'? Surely, no society,] no loatitotion, no club j could exist for a week Tr its constituente were to act in this way.- It is still more unreasonable when alleging dissatisfaction with things as they are, or aa they ero tend+ng. We withhold our help to improve them or .to arrest their progress'in what we deem a , Wrong direction. If we ¡*alt Uli tboy HBO or conform to our ideal, ano) ,do not aid in amending and elevating them, how can they ever attain to what will satisfy tis T I I cannot but think that many expend thoir reason and good sense on their worldly, affairs and business,'and reserve their un reavonableness, and over sensitiveness, 'and partialities for their religion. ' And so the Church suffers, ana they themselves I suffer, however unconsciously: and the cause of Christ and of truth is hindered by tho weak- ness and still more grievous impedimento which armo from divisions and exclnsiveness and isolation; and the curront and circula- tion of tho lifo blood In the vorv body of Christ aro impeded and arrested by the dislocation of itsllmbs and members. I have misread Roly Scripture and ita simplest teaching, if I am wrong in the assertion that the loss of our union and fellowship in the body of Christ is as fatal to our spiritual .nd eternal life, and as surely entails their extinction unleii that loss be repaired, as the amputation of a limb, or the lopping off of a branch from a tree, must noeds be followed bydocayand death. And so does it not follow that there is nothing which can justify thpte who have onee been admitted into that union and followi-hip, ever separating them- selves f rom'it in actor will Î Thoobli jatlonsof truth, the obligions of holiness, aronotmore clearly tot before us add insisted upon by our bleated Lord and Hu apostle«, than are the obligations of unity.! And unity 'depends oh our union with Christ, and in Christ with one 'another; and,that union is effected through our bein; joined to His'bo I v. And that açain is not to be brought about by merely attending some place of worship, or listening to come favourite preacher or main; «tainui; the views of a party, be it high or low, ,or whatever, it may, but only ib/i and through tho Divinely appointed moans, instituted./and,ordained ¡by itfie Lord Jesus Christ himself, and mink tercd to us in the ; uqity of His ¡Church. The Church does not profit, not even in temporal things I believe, nut certainly not in spiritual, by accepting help from those who will only give it ion terms imposed by themselves, and thero could be nothing; more fatal to her independence, her influence, her faithful discbarge of duty to her .Divine Master and to tha truth', than tho rev .val of the relations which ought to subsist between her individual members whether clergy or laity and herself, leaving thom to nile, and submitting to their requirements that she should only meekly obey. Such a policy may bo suggested as the secret of a quiet easy li fe .to bishops or British clergymen, or enid to synods, but most of us have enough ex- perience and knowledge ot the world, to make us doubt of its success Iii the endeavours to Îilcaso overyono we ond in offending all, and hen when we stand at the bar of eternal judgment, how shall we answer for What we shall have sacrificed or excuse ourselves for failure to act up to the 'duties and responsi bilities which we had no right to disregard even for the sake of peace. Lastly, another feature,' and that tho highest and most excellent of alf, will be marked and prominent in our synodical action when itj is based on the theory and foundation of which I havo spoken The dogma in which Revelation culminates is thiii-"God ia Love."' This is the/ultimate and most perfect knowledge vouchsafed, to us of/ Him. Power, righteousness, 'sanctity,' are rightly predicated of the Supreme object of our faith and adoration} But they do not flll'tho picturo of what He is, they .do npt sat forth in all their perfection the Hnnaments of the image in which man was made at the be- ginning, and in which, he has beeri created anew in Jesus Christ. Thoir awful and over- whelming sublimity might persuade to fear and roveronce, but it' would not win to tho spirit and attitudo of childlike i »rust' and obedience and lovo. And boneo. St. John the Divine, tin beloved disciple j to whom it was given to mould and diroct the thought and eliot of the Church in their -highest and most perfect form declare«, 'and reiterate« the declaration /again and again-" God is Love." It is the last note in the strain of his praise and prophecy, tho dominant in tho key in which, aliko in preaching and in worship, " the music of the I Uospel" should ovormoro bo! sot' It'is'at once [the foundation of the Catholic faith aad tho crown and apex of the superstructure built upon that .faith,, the headstone of the Catholic Church. And ho who" brought it forth and placed it iu'its'pre-cminen¿e and 'glory, when be was carried; feeble through extreme old ago,, in a chair1 into the midst' of ' the congregation at ,ü.phesus, had but one thing to say., It^was.tha summary of his whole Instructions and exhortation», the' witness bprno by hwaswn spirit and life as to ,the isèue, and fruit of Uie faith ho had con' fessod and taught from first to last, repeated so long as he had breath to utter it, '«Little children lovo one another." Other means and-'methods to propagate the Gospol and brine;, souls to God/tiavo ' boen tried and' weil .ai^."uili«i|ilW"»«IUiii ? -tho^-last' of' tho Apostles fell ualeop. How far thoy have succeeded tho present state of Chris- tendom and of the heathen .world, tbe, indifTorcnco and unbelief which abound,' tho unconverted or half-converted,Jieai-ts which! remain unawáKoñcd and insensible, 'lulled ] into slumber and unconcern by tho1 miserably low standard * of rollgion which prevails, these and such like may, in a mcasuro, enable us to, judge. Is it not worth whilo to try moro gonorally another ex- pedient ?, My brotbor, the Bishop of.Ade-, ¡aide, has recently pointed to tho prodomi-, nance j of the teacliiug of St» PotorandSt. Paul respectively in the varying phases of, the upgrowth and life of the Church,"and In the character and thought nurtured and do 'velopod by the aspect of the truth .they, severally exhibited. He has pleaded for' moro need to be given now, to trie doctrino andi,teaching of St 'John. I desiro tore echo the appeal,! and trust it may1 find a responso.injall our heart«.. For lean con ceiyo,«f nothing "more fitted and likely to allay tho discords of controversy to bring us to,al batter understanding, and to elvo hopout a.restoration of that 'unity for ¡which our blesácdí Lord ,prayed ,so,earnestly, than/ 'thó more diligent' study of the writings of St.' John's,' the more'persistent preaching of the love of God, the.moro manifest 'exhibition of a lovinc spirit in ourselves as.the consequence, of.our belief in the blessed and' comforting truth that " God i« love,'' , ., ,cl', " One effect of'this will bo a wider, deope'r interest in the welfare of our follow;mon, f willienlarge our view: ¡oflporitonill1'respon- sibility; and lead us to seek tp do thom good. Our uiijids will not be occupied only with o'ur own things. Our attention, our sympathy, and onr; active co-operation willjie moro and more given as we have opportunity in,,the cays of buch matters «a .the" education', ami' ülrébtl in I* the tocinl habits, and the family, life of our I people ;' their material as well as moral and spiritual wolf aro: the i condition rof' their dwellings,. andtho. accommodation- which-1 those do, or do nor, próvido ; the "Hours of labour, | especially among wonjan land the young of both -sexos ; the relations of em- ployer and employed ; the rosorts and amuse- ments which invite and attract thom when roft and relaxation for mind and body be- comes an absolute necessity, and the ovonintr, or our holidays or half-holidays, give leisure to enjoyithem ; temperance, social purity, the laws and requirements of health, and tho like. There aie many who ieeldispppojnted and disheartened whon the Church shows no consciousness of the importance of ¡the ,qtios,-< tions which these involve. 'Many' tttink, add that surely not without good reason, that wo riiight lind timo to consider-whothor w C icouldr not do something to promote thoir practical solution. For they markl in'Jtho caie of our great teacher and example Him- self, that Ho was not .indifferent to the earthly needs of those among whom He went, even floing them good; carin? for j thoir bodies). n¿ less than for their souls ; 'feeding thom,1iealin« them, bearing, witness to the fact that'godliness has the promise'of the life thetynow. is as well as of that which is to, como. r I should be thankful to learn that this great helson has been laid to heart by all-those who have. jto( organise and ~ tithe work of the Church whether :||e ¡ diocese or in our , JWJrieu» might indeed point to more than onOlufeof that it is,pot,altogether forgotten. Forihn present'I'cbnflno nvyself to one. Tbe Church Institute, which we owe mainly, to I the suggestion and seal of Canon Icely, is | intended to afford the means of self-improve- ment andfof recreation aaS ihhoeent amuse- ment, and a place of toola] meeting and inter; courte, more especially to young men! io) the' City of Hobart, and to visitors and strangers coming hire olther./orajtinss^or with a view toipermanent 'residence lara glad to know that-the I chief difficulties have boeniyar«; mounted,! and that the success which nas parity in the future. May I further express the hope that neither clergy nor Hit/will be' .backward! nor consider it beside their duty I to show interest ip our Countrj ÄineVOlub«, .lu cricket land football, and in the promotion of oil healthful outdoor exercise f,3áthe' spread of the knowledge of botany, geology, andnsttnral history.aud whatever may bo fitted te encourage and help such'studies and pur- suit*. 'Ii is want of occupation and proper amusements, and the monotony and dullness of i leisure', hours which give opening and attraction to temptation. It is the " empty house.'ftwhich allows and invites the entrance of the spirits of evil._ Tho year which has passed" away sinco wo last met in this'Synod Hall has been one.oJL varied interest. We havehold the jubilcd'of our beloved Sovorelgn. It ia a cadso for thankfulness to remember that the first'event. I wi,t"h tnnvlra^ frî,rtJ"nnm,nmn»*al.lnn ilav wnn which marked the'commomoratlon.day was tho solemn service in ,tho .Cathedral, vm which so many united with on'p heart and voice in giving thsnks'to God for>Hi*'pièfciesf which voice in giving thsnks'to'uorlfor'Hii'mèrcies. to pur, country uduring ,Hho»60 lyear* of the' Queen's beneficent rule, and prayed Him to continue toj her»nd.te>ouí oöuntrjr Uísi-paro and blessing,, "In thai.neigbbourityt.proi'ince ,óf'New"^th^,W'ales tö^,«hurcAin«n jot Bathurst*^ Won gùddwM by the tenter, onnW "episcopal cluv-ge cf the newly-elected and consecrated Bishop of Bathurst, and the i p'romlaV-airitoiy giVeri1 if Wa ^Igorou« anS. LipcceMf ni episcopate. , . ' ' II intimated toiywlast yeer thal the Arch- bishop of Canterbury had summoned the bishop« of the Anglican cemmnnion to a, conference, which is to be held at lambeth in July next. AUtha «ame time I «fated reaaona which, would oblige mo to ask His Grâce1« permission to be'abaeñt on that interesting occasion. Happily tho at- tendance will bo very large, far larger, it is expected, than qt either of tho formal1 meet-'' inga. It cannot bo without good,erfect that so many dignified, experienced, and learned mon should como together for conference, devotional exercisos, and the proruulcatioii of i tho conclusions to which the cooa hand of God may bring thom on the grave and im- portant questions which arp to bo | submitted to thuin You will, I trust, watch their pro-, cocdinjs with tho deepest fooling« of interest and hope, and givo to the assembly under the historic roof-tree of the Archl- Episcopal Palace the help and comfort of your earnest prayer«. I shall iaaue in duo time a copy of the form of prayer to be used in our public, services, and request1 the clergy ,not only, to offer it publicly but to disseminate through their parish«« with the* request'that if may be adopted and uaedelw in private intercetalon. I hato to cali your Bttentlon'to two pro-, nouncemonts of the JEnglish Episcopate recently published, i which' may, Etiope,'be' printed in our, oficial record If I> obtain copie» of then». In time. The first is by the . two archbishop«, and call« attention, to »he j aecociity for the promotion of temperance, and the evil» of the introduction ana »ale, ot intoxicating drinks among* the native popu- lation« of the countries, Co which our desire and our duty are to extend the blessing« of civilisation and Christianity. The subject is [not one immediately affecting1 this' colony, Tait on every other grpnnd 'It demand« our respectful notice, moreieepeclallyJin view of 1 the extension ef the^ritlihl sovereignty ore»! New Guinea and elsewhere, j m Hi,> The English bishops as, a, body ihave roi cuntly,'I understand, put forth.» pastoral letter as to'the observance of the,Lord'« Day, and what I fear we' muit call,the grow ibg desecration of it aatong certain classes of society.. A.littie time ego, «orne discussion «roiearoongourpelv«« on one Aspect of thlf Snr«tion.',Ln*te>aé,' indeed, little,,or np iffereneelef view's« to the obliÄtioh of the ,relifxlou» observance of the Lord1« Dey in it »elf. What «II at israè eeemed to be-the grounds on which we are to rest nnd advocate that obligation, and the way'in which we should seek to «acure or to enforce i it- It would be my duty to condemn, And,if 'it lay in my power, to check, anything which could endanger the spread of such laxity as my brethren in England most rightly deprecate amonr; ourselves. I regret .that even « su» picton should be ;rai»edl that id our Church teaching,»!» holinet« and religion« character to bo Attributed to the Cbriatian Sabbath ia. either ignm ed or even, left AU open ¡question. But I cannot deal .authoritatively w,th dtf. feranees of opinion u to the «pocial groupda on which auch sanctity is to bo maintained, or the exact manner in' which W aro to ondeavourto aiippresa the violation« of it I may, howevtr,<ereh f rom this «hair state my sense of the exceeding importance to be attached to-the -marked . and religious, observance of that which one^ Christian poet ' calls "an Easter Day in every, .week," and my own conviction that by the law of God it is of Divine Obligation. ' ' I do see some tokens of the nocoaaltyexiatins; oven'here, foi this bein? more clearly taught in our pulpits, and 1 earnestly ,tnist that all the members of our communion will endeavour, tos n " " ; uphold, and commena ii as a auty to tneir lamuiqiuana social circles, by their own conduct, and example, u ' > ' ' ' ¿ Turning now to our own'dlocese, I have to refer,to ino first vacancy caused by ' death in' the ranks of'the,clergy actively at work' within its borders., My reverend brother, tho incumbent of the parish of,,Swansea /ell asleep on Sunday morning last, vejry?peace- fully, I'am assured, at the age of 72. Ho had continued his ministry among his people till his last illness. < Dévout/ànd,'amiablo and kindly, ho will be missed in* the scene 'of his labours, and though the remoteness: of, tho locality prevented his being much among: us,' since be was removed front Kingston in this neighbourhood, tho bonds Which united bim to his Bishop and brother clergy aro too closo andreal to allow of his death being unnoticed, oriailing to speak home to oui1'hearts asa memento of the end for which we'ought ever to stand prepared,,seeing that none can tell hpwnear it may bo to ourselves. I have paid few, moie refreshing and pleasant visits than those his kindness and that of his-family made j so homo-like to rae, though I went a , first as a stranger to them.' His widow ard daughters will have your-sympathy 'in the los« which nevor can be replaced to' them on earth, but which we. I fuel BUi#,iUnitc in praying may be soothed and alleviated hy- the mercy and tho love of Go[. tj ; . , ,' I baye to announco to, the Synod t¿ho> ap- proaching resignation of the Archdoácon nf 'Hobart. It, ,is, a satisfaction ,to me', to add that this is not to entail the severance of his connection with'the diocese... Archdeacon Davenport still hopes to make his home hero again'after'a time, which,'if then leas per- manent than now, will at least allow of his 'givmg,myself and tho Doan his assistance as ,a,m«iub«r~ofwUi«'Oathedra|-'Cliapter andJ continuing to serve the Church in that capacity. , It is Unnecessary for me to specify in your hearing the many claims my vener- able brother has established, on our respect and gratitude and affectionate remembrance. Nor neVd I enlarge on tho loss wo sustain in , even his partial'withdfawal.from the furthor discharge of active' functions amongst us. Few, if any, remain now With his knowledge of tho past, andjthe powenwhich longexperi-l enco and his own ability, have , so largely given, him te form sound Judgment and adviso, wisoly and well on all Church matters. He has affordedjne tháAielp of his scholar- ship'and accurate and ¡extensive knowledge as'examining1 chaplain, and iii othor ways, not only 'efficiently! butin such1 a''spirit of true kindness of friendship i as i «alls ifor my grateful recognition. , ,',.,11 It will, I think, be' acceptable to you all to learn tpat whsn tho''archdeacon demits his office and vacates the stall 'allotted to it in tho .cathedral, I lmvo.propoflçd, to, hiin.jtojallow, "me to appoint Turn to the canoury at present vacant, and which I hive kept open'With this view till this, arrangement could bo made. 11 ,It will also be acceptable to yon all, I hope )anotbelfovo. to hear that I have ¡ offered tho arcKnoaconry -to' our friend "andr "brother Canon Mason. -Itrust he will soe_h.is.Vay to 'upd'ertake tho~Tlutiës~lt entails, andjl.lmve been able to assure him from oil I have heard 'that 'ho will enter on them with the cordial, Í;pod.will of both clorgy'and laity wíthínihls, nnsdlctioiui-M;, .. " < ! -MV; .n-7O - i We'miss another well-knoWnlfàco'Jto/-day through the resignation of, the Rev. Charles Vaughan, who/ has/exchanged 'the parish 'of ', Campbell Town and Ross for.au appointment) iiythejDioceso of Melbourne. Mr. ¡Vaughan - has served the Church ¡nTosmania for,;.e»l<lyJ> '2 years.'áf|d during, ithat period, Jiailjioti only laboured ¡earnestly .rn.hispariab but, very matoi¡airy1 'iáeistod in 'the,'financial, organisation of tho diodeso.'and he nos taken an olfoctivo part in the discussions fpfj'oup, Diocotan ¿synod, and as 'your representative also in the Genoiul< Synod of Australia Und Tosraanja. .j'i.l'l ¡?." I have to report among my Episcopal) acts during tho past year, that,I -have instituted Mr Champion, forhierly'of thb' Fbftb and Lovon.tq tho pastoril charge of tho important parish qf St ''John's, <'Launcostofi,",vdeafit' through ¡tho íesignation of Canon Brownrigg!' and waa ,ablo also, to officiate at his indoction' and to be present at a very cordial land well' attended, meeting, >vhpn he wa» welcomed by his new parishioners,, I have ganctionediitho appobitmcnt by tho Arehefcacpn of Lauu-¡ cestón oEMr. Davies to the temporary thargo, of the parish of Forth and Leven r'atid of Mr,, Hurt, lato of St.'John's, Laudcestdn,'tq that of thu parish of iTamai in place of MtfDavies. I bayo licensed, JVÍr. Olampett) who-^laa*!Re- turned ty the dloceae, to the mission district of Upper Ringarooma) in:the parish of Soiith Dorset ; Mr. Fielding to Avoca and'¡Fingal ; Mr. Leigh Tarleton, once more to the caraby of'All Saints, Hobart; and Mr/ Hoot ta the curacy of N,ew Norfolk. ,'TC have placed,Mr.( Harrison in temporary charge of the 'parish of Emu Bay/sjUd-bAve given a general license to Mr. EdWArds-iformeriy at Westbury,' AH who know of the (good work "Mr. Edwards did in that parish, And' thrflhighr esteem <in which helwaa held there, will wish to see him the name« of .severs! gentlemen ~I-~ - the name« Of .severs! gentlemen ,wh Acting as] such 'for the time, sad, mt trust, licensed end1 adinltteeVin the cot _,_._lurseof [Aiyjiext visitation of trreirpariahéa. I have also formally adraitted1 throe Sunday-school' teachers tjo their bffico M the first} I nope, of a large number i who '«hall wish'to receive .titrir. Bishop's recognition and license, and' ne presented ,to,me by their clergymen for that purpose. Since we last met in Synod I have consecrated, f "'-' * ""- ""' ~* Stanley, in the p Iwhftml« «pockly'v. A really ¡ateming1 _"_ -T_".- ,_"..-". end also Christ Church^ Iitawáhit. ik the pariah( | of j Carrick, and >fta ladjacentl Jttnring Ground, which, together- with land yielding an endowment! 0*1moro theqj<<50 per annum, we owe, to',lthe,munMcèncoand. piety of oáeof ourbldeat and, rao»t¡.faithful, chnrchmeA, whose acquaintance Z'mAde'uqre 'Mafn^SO yoan,Ag^'OapUin'<DuniAV^q>Tot Mount Ireh. I nave alsoJconsecrat¿d',thb chancel roeenUyaBdéd to I tie Church of''the Holy Trinity in Launceston, and granted m'y license for) tho uae of, the chancélnalso iro contly added to the,Çruiroh.of St.'FAnl in the' samo town). I have,, licensed,,9t neGoorgo'sl school chapel at Invermay lnthe,parl»h of tho Holy Trinity," Launceston ; |a .building, -eroctod-At Formby in the parish of the, Mersey,! and A''new1 church at Mangana in .trio parish, ,ofi-Fingal. The incumbent of Longford lutaireceivod my, permission'to hold sorviceat tho Additional station,''now'called Norfolk'Plàius.Rast, in' his/ parish,- and 'am grateful toi ray, friend!and chaplain).Canon Adams for kindlyifcsuming the service,' end . maintaining it ,fartniglvtly, at Bishopsbourne, 'where,thp diocés« aud.,Cnr¡st,College ¡own * tlonü^f two' .hiödsoi^' añd'e^tóoífduB !boildine«4n; .tlll»~dty.'''Tidu'ireli'1'deanery,1 iwWchlh««fnoen erected lu the precincts of1 A»»tl«»drAl, And mbtUtiari&ot;äMW now occupied by Canon Archer, the incum- bent of AU Saint«' perish. Both of these wjefa designed by svjgent>sgan. whose protêt-j sipnal services have been of such value and benefit to the Chnrohin.various part« of the colony, and wbosfe departure from Tasmania ia so generally regretted., I refer, a«you,will; aU.knqwr:te our'courteous and obliging fnond, Mr. Hunter. I have already ex preamd to Mr. Hunter my sense of What we owe to him, and the slncereity with which we share in the universal feelings of''regret at his removal to another colony, and in the ¿dod wishes which accompany bim and his family to their home in Brisbane. He has been ix> good as to convey to me in reply his thanks for the consideration , he is, kind enough to say ho has'.receivml from the mem bora of tho Church of England in this colony, who, during tho last 30 years, have sought his advice and help in the exercise of his pro- fession. I am happy to communicate these thanks to you on his behalf., ,,, t J;, , I have laid the foundation stones of the church now being erected, at Bothwell, and a new parsonage at Port Cygnet, and have approved of plans, submitted to me by Mr. North, for a church to be erected in the interesting settlement at Ellendale, on Mount Field West, and also, the proposals enter- tained for a chancel and improvements to the church at Westbury. The church at ,JCmu Bay is now nearly out of debt, and I 'hope to report it-a consecration if I ara spared to meet yon next year. I regret that ill health has deprived that parish of its pastor. Mr. Corfield, who has left the diocese, and is now on his voyage to England. Mr. Pollard, of Kingston, has/resigned his charge'and [ received leaVe of absence for a time in con sequence of family, affairs requiring his pre- sence also in England,^,- / !. i., .1 Canon Mason will bring under jour notice . kind and liberal gift to the Church in the Mrish of Buckland, which has been offered by lU former incumbent, and" afterwards Dean .of ¡Hobart,! the Rev. 'Frederick' Cox. .Al- though the hope there -was once of seeing hini again in Tasmania has been put' aside 'for the present, if not finally, Mr. Cox takes still the deepest interest in the'diocese where his name) end services aro held in grateful and affectionate, remembrance, and) the! influence of, bis, life anil ministry sad teacbingis.stiUtO bedlscerneïfn the devout end consistent character1 and churchmatuhip if the manir who were to him as his spiritual children. If he needs any memorial it is to be found in the Church' and parish of St john's in this city, which he organised, in an nnpromisinx locality at the time and where the name elite first pastoHo-not, and never will be forgotten. ,,') I . , ,1 have reserved till the last, because I wish to lay stress upon it as a subject Of congratu- lation and of promise fort the fatoro, the ep .ointraont and entrance)on his work of our first Candn Missioner. "Canon Icely nwas I selected for the post by my commissaries in England, and arrived in, Tasmania in the early part of last winter. He has since been actively employed in the parish of Forth and Leven, at Waratah, in the'parishes of Delo- raine, and the Mersey, ana'more especially at rUilton, Sheffield, Barrington and the Nook in the district of Kentiihbury, be- sides preachin? in the Cathedral land 'the ichurchos in and around Hobart and Laun- ceston. Jfe will, at my request, give to the (Byndd come, account of what has been done ih parts we have not been able hitherto to pro- vide for as wd wished. I trust we have only Men i the beginning of , what i may be yet effected through his instrumentality, and the increase, I greatly desire, in the number of mission clergy, and above all, the blessing of God upon their labours for the extension of ,theG, capel ,and Kingdom of Christ through- put our country. ' ' And now I will only add the assurance of the cordiality with which I welcome your 're-assemblinginBynodp I met yon for the first t me, now five years ago, with feelings of satisfaction and comfort. : i 1 came to Vou as a written. I had everything to learn,,and I looked toiyou'withoiit fear or doubt as to the help and guidance you. afford mel' If thero bat« been failure and disappointment the fault ¡does not rest with, the Synod. AU'1 have seen and heard here has gladdened and encouraged'me, If anything seemed I to threaten anndyando or regret it wa» but for a moment ' The bow was ever seep in the cloudj and the sunshine gave colouring and beauty lo the quickly passing shower. Some havo asked roe whether it was not very weari- some to sit here through a two weeks' session. I could only answer-though in this t shall Sirhaps lose sympathy and 'be left in a monty of one-that I wished the two weeks had been four. . But 1 must be self-denying and'merciful ; and so I askvour assistance to gut though our debate and business with as little tax upon the patience of our members generally as we, rightly, can.' Do not, hesitate to 'occupy time when it is necessary for full and frank discussion. But let us exerci-e some restraint' on the' Ltkrtinsof abstract on impractical subjects' andithe raisin? of irrelevant and desultory matters in donate. We may,bo prompt with- out hinrj, ,and brief wtfhoutjjoverlooking what is vital to the advocacy of any question. If it be good that wo.should riseJfrom 'table 'with some remains of hunger, it; will-bo good 'abm-tet reach the prorogation with' one feel- ing predominant arnon«; us, and that the wish that the time bad come for our pleasant meetingdn Synod a<;ain. I pray God now te bless and overrule all our deliberations and actB to His own glory, and the welfare of His Church and people. The address was ovidently well received, every le.idiug sentiment therein expressed meeting with general applause. , / I NOTICES Of MOTION. The 1 following notices of , motion were given:;- ' t , The IRov. J. B. .VVOOLLNODOH,-That an abstract of the ¡ncóine.of, the General Fund, as derived from subscriptions and,offer- tories, be printed and laid upon the tablet duriDg the present session. _ The Rev. J. B. WOOLLNOOGH,-That i< committee be appointed to consider the establishment of parochial land endowment, and report at the next meeting of Synod, i Mr. BARNARD,-That resolutions 3 und 4, page ,36,of "Official ,Record, 1887," be rescinded. / /n/'j ¡in ? > Mr. LOVETT,-That the trustees of church property be authorised to subscribe the sum of £12 101. from the Episoopal lístate towards the repairs of the church atlBUhopsbouine. ' , Mr. LOVKTT,-That the trustee* of Church propi.rty be authorised to i expend'from 'the income of the Episcopal Estate a sum* suffi ?pieiit tb effect, the,' necessary 1 repairs to iBtshopscourt. ¡\< ! el 1 H/ Mr. tovETl,-Tbat-the.sum-of-£60- be placed upon the estimates as a charge upon the interest on the ^Invested. Capital. Fund Jfdrrpa'yment to the trustees of" Church pro- perty towards the expense^of' management [ of I tile several trusts placed io their bands. " , ," Mr. F.^BlMBAD.^To'résÔeotfully re- quest the Bishop to cause'! the-'quarterly ' reports of the finauchU secretary, of .Synod (rendered m conipHauce with icsalution li, p. 41, procsedings sofesidnJ.Í887)"to be" laTd' upou the table during the present session. >.' )/ , I MI-.JJEADON,-To'introduce a bill to maka 'pvoyisjon for the removal of incumbents in certain)cases, A - i '" t - v '',' Mr. BEADON,-Tb introduce >a' bill "to' amend,the Ecclesiastical Offences Act. , l "-, I ,| »ErpHTS. - A \ I r. ' The .reports of,special and standing com- mittees, relating to the' promotion of the., knowledge of Christian evidence, Christian education, edncatiou and ' parlial' mainten- ance of candidates1'for1'the" rriinistry, the. ; Diocesan Society- for "Promotlug Christian Knowledge, and'Other'matters ¡were brought iib,and ordered to) be/taken in"td ' cobsidera tionpn Thursdsy. I .th AOir ni Y"Mr. \V. LovFTT.brbught up'the estimates' of receipts and expenditure for the Southern archdeaconry to the '31st December," 1888 ; jalao a.¡statement1 of aooouutsvior' thtfhalf' years'ending,, hi June and Decomber, 1887, and Jhe report of -the trustees-of churctrpro~ pWty, Vhiob'wêre ordered to j be nrinted/íí II Mr. Jl CUFnacaoH-broughtr np the 'Northern1 Archdeaconry (estimates'for tho' yeaV',1888, and the accounts and'(balanoe »beet* fur the half year« ending in-J one and December, 1887, whiohwer« ordered to'be frthted. | , » ,t ,| r I >J I i It I -" / 1 « " .'L. J!**1»* «J"BXI!»0»V ' mi l The BfSHor isnnoanoed that the'«mai clerical conferencenwould be ' held' in 'the " " it IO town , The'Rev, foB.<TCooLitaouoH*lntimsted that ^meeting would.be held stnoeunext' 4»y '1 (ioVdsy), to lean the i report » of I ) th«! liocoan, tnapeqtor.L and the diitributiori of'1 «rtlfloateè.,!, * "ia o i ni "I ti J m _I «ítBAoOATaXJtllBilIoi m ,n oiy lThërjRoy,[jC. uW.bJELinDirjxniniovea,. _ _... Prsyar/v it be required 1 fall SundaVsohpol.; candidate« presented for Lth#'LDio<)<iw,,Ex»mlnaUbn in" Religious Knowledge «hall itsk« up the subject in the j Catéchisai "j( He »ubtaftted that Scripture ' knowledge fra« not i always religious know' «ledge, and urged the great ) importance ' of taking the catechism as the batía io «s to give a'larger grasp of i Scripten knowledge, The canon he had referred ko Actually ordered that tho Church oatephism should be taught in every parish, and he considered it of the highest importance that it should be pre-j scribed id the examinations. , ' , The Rev J B. WooiL&tW;äa seconded, for the sake of discussiou. i The BISHOP tregretted Nthe subjeot', had1 oomoJ du i ao soon¡ and 'before he had an opportunity of speaking'to the mover, as he, did not think the proposal was'put W good1 form, oiOIthej diocesan ' Inspecter^ssH-npfc i under' the'control of Sjnod, but under thtf Biahopiiaod ti (iheform«jfbi i/ÀThilcfiUHoi object of bringing it on again In another form. *n 7 } t ~7, i : i / , AWOÜ»)»mST. ,i| "u^ i « The Synod adjourned at 5 25 p.m. MU 2 30 toj-dsy, proceeding« doting /with ,th«' Bene» diction. i , I 4 i- ,ti ii 1 ¡The annual diocesan service in connection with the opening of the Synod was held in the cathedral at hall past 7 in the cyenitg. Lay membors took their seat« before the commencement of the service, and the clergy, to the number of 37, formed a procession, which entered by the south door, and, headed by the choristers, advanced, along the nat-e to the ohanscl, singing the hymn, "Forward be our watchword." At the rear of the procession walked the Bishop, at tended by the Rev. J. B ,Wool!nough, boa . ing the pastoral staff All having reaohea their «eats and the hymn concluded, evensong proceeded The Precentor read the exhortation, and the Bishop pronounced thei absolution The special psalm, No. 68, waa «ung to chant« by Dr. Woodward ana J IS Smith, and the canticles to «it ting« by Bach. Csnon Adam« read the first lesion-1st chapter of Joshua, «ad the Dean the second, 5th chap of Act« The sermon, mainly addressed to member« of Synod, was preached hy the Bishop from Act« vi, 7-" And the work of God in- creased, snd the number of disciples multi- plied in Jerusalem greatly." After briefly reviewing the «tate of primitive time«, And touching upon the fact that the Church of Christ was an Institution o' Divine origin, the preacher proceeded to point out that the apostle», to whom wa« committed the goverhment of that Church, took extreme care thst their procedure wa« in accordance with the 'Divine will. They took special care that not only, those who were to occupy the more lofty offioes in the Church, but abo those who were to fill the lowly ones, were men of good character and repute, and farther, that everything connected with the ministry should be good. Regarding the work of those present that evening, i the Bishop «sid that only if they regarded the work AS laid upon them by God, only if they did the work as to bim could they hope that it would be crowned with lacees», end Acceptable to him whoknowetn the hearts of all. Tbey knew too .well how eaay it was to become careless snd formal !n discharging"tbe work hud to their hand, how Apt they were to forget the , relattonahip of j their labours to God, Hence he hade them reflect upon what manner oí men »ne apoiuos ««airea to nave for the ministry, snd whAt,manner of men they would have selected, and,that the re- sult« arising out of »uch; Apostolic action were contained,in the wqrcV of tb« text Thu» they were reminded of ¿he great istue» involved In k11 that "concerned the body .of Christ, And the indívlduaíl members of that body, abd boW Intimately conneoted was All Church action On the part of the body with the spiritual life and will. Personal bolines» wa» the greet need ¡and objeot for whioh God'* grace'had been given, but it oonldi not be. pursued "In 'A , «elfish iiolsted i spirit Tile I great law of their > spiritual existence, snd church life wai thist-i *' If one member suffer», «II; the members auffer with it, or, if iona member be honoured, all the members rejoice with it. Beer ye one another's burdens, and so fill the, Isw of Christ" -tA lsw which the Apostles had disoeroed a« imperative upon them; and which they «ought to fulfil in the order] which wa« created "to Administer the temporal concern» of the Church. He would remind them that the fulfilment of that law, even I in lester thing«, wa« followed by the .increase of the Word of God, and the mntiif> Ëtibn of the disciples in Jerusalem, sod so bad no doubt ft would be with them,,if y Were faithfo) and true tri the sacred charge which they had received. Like the apostles they «herald take as a motto "Tbdroughnei* in 'all things, great or «mall," and then they would find a, comfort fa discharging «yen tae1 most trivial duties, which devolved upoO them in the discharge of their various trusts, they would feel that when ordering aright the household of God, they were furthering the great news and objects of His gospel, and then history would deolare of them' that their labour« were followed by an inorease of the Word of God, and thelmultiplication of the number of His faithful people. 