THE CHUEGH AND THE WOELD. We believe that a good many of the views taken of the Christian life in the world, savour far more of medievalism and Popery, than of Protestantism, and the gospel. It is a very' difficult thing to, trace the line between the Church and the World, and many good people solve the problem, by simply ticketing certain things as of the World, and certain other things as of the Church, and summarily pronouncing that to be worldliness in the bad sense, which makes the use of the tabooed things in any way lawful. But that is not the worst of it. What strikes us as particularly objectionable is the division of a Christian man's work into two distinct sorts — his work for Christ, when he preaches or prays, or distributes tracts ; and his secular toork, when he tills- the ground or keeps -a ledger in a counting-room. That there is a difference between these two kinds of occupation in respect of their immediate objects, is of course admitted. But to call the one ' work for Christ,' and to imply that the other is not work for Christ, is not only utterly unwarranted by Scripture, but is fitted to do any amount of practical mis chief. In the gospel ideal of life, all work is to be done for Christ, be it at lathe or lapstone, behind- the counter, or at the easel. All is to be done ' in the name of the Lord Jesus,' and as ' unto the Lord. As long as we countenance the notion that our life is dual, and that we are during certain hours of the day religio®3 men, during others not, we confirm wis belief which is current enough already, that piety and business activity are two streams which may flow, parallel to one another, but which can never coalesce ; and those who do not care to follow to their issues nice ; distinctions, are apt in consequence to conclude that they mus make their election between the two. vms evidently from mistakes mnde in this connection that the Eomish idea of asceticism took its rise. " "Worldliness" (the mediaeval Church said) " is the necessary lot of the great mass of nominal Christians. They will live it whatever is done, and it is my business to interrupt it, now and then, by acts of worship and consecration. These daily secular em ployments, this money- making, this marrying and giving in marriage, are all worldly affairs. To live in them is to lead a worldly life. An unworldy life is reserved for the chosen few, who have the vocation to obey the counsels of per fection laid down by Christ, — to forsake father and mother, wife and child, for his sake and the gospel's, to devote them selves to a holy life. These acts of volun tary mortification are of the very essence of unworldliness. The great mass of men can share in them very slightly, and at intervals. Let them avoid mortal sin, and look to the merits of Christ and his saints, through which, and through suffer ing, they will he purified and made perfect in purgatory." Thus the Papacy had two religions for men — a hard and severe life for the few, and. a very easy and simple one for the many. Now, of course, Pro testantism, even of the least intelligent sort, is an improvement upon this. But it cannot, for all that, be denied, that even among those who are evangelical in their faith, there still lingers something of this ancient leaven. And while we must all sadly allow that there is, on the part of professing Christians, an immense amount of utterly indefensible conformity to the world, we at the same time profoundly believe, that the cure for this is likeliest to be found, not in the drawing of a hard and fast line between different ways of spending our time, but in the more thorough transfusion of the Christian spirit into all the lawful occupations of me. Work for Ohrist means our hearty recognition of Christ as the creator of our lawful callings ; of his Spirit as the giver of all the gifts of mind and heart that fit us to work well and honestly. It means the recognition of his will as being brought out in the whole movement of the world's history, — in the advance of its civilization, in the discharge of all the individual tasks that fall to men. It means the feeling in one's heart, as we do Bimple and common things, ' I am helping on God'a work in my place ; I 'am serving God's purpose here. These things are his concern, not mine only. He cares to have them done ; to have the hungry fed, the naked clothed, and life adorned and beautified by acts finely and homely, that raise it outfof its squalor and sordidness. He cares to have these mouths fed, these children trained in mind and heart and hand. He cares to have me do my work in manful, simple, and honest fashion.' It means that we, in faith and sincerity, refer all things to the will cf God. It means what the Strasburg monk, Johann- Tauler, meant when he said, ' One can spin, another can make shoes ; and all these are gifts of the Holy Ghost, I tell you, if I were not a priest I would esteem it a great gift that I was able to make Bhoes, and would try to make them so well as to be a pattern to all.' The attempt to make men unworldly by crying down their daily work as of no spiritual importance, by contrasting it with ' religious duties, and the works of the world to come, has . signally failed. Luther sailed on the opposite tack j he urged men to magnify thoir office, to make much of their work, especially by faithfully associating it with .the will of God in all their thoughts of it. Now, worldliness does not: really make much, but little of it. It shows this bv judging of it by a standard of success that lies entirely outside of it — the money stan dard. Though a merchant may have saved cities from famine by a wise foresight, he is said to have ' failed ' if his bank account shows a deficit. The worldlv lawvermav nave won great causes; bis success is in his wealth alone. Not work, but money- making, is become the test of success commonly applied by all the professions f-uV<i. ?ee'— e teacher, the pastor, and the healer. Get men to make much of their work by seeing in it a means to nobler gains than pounds and shillings, and the battle is won. They will become simpler and hap- Pler> and less worldly ; they will have found something worth working for. They will have discovered that their daily life takes hold of the unseen and the eternal 3 that their common strivings lead up to the highest good, when they have their eyes open to see that the lines that they draw on counters and work- benches, it prolonged, lead on to the stars. Dean Goulburn thus writes on - the subject:— "Before you go forth to your uaily task, establish your mind thoroughly in the truth, that all the lawful and necessary pursuits of the world are so many departments of God's great harvest field, in which he has called Christians to go forth and labour for him. Let us regard them all as, at least, if nothing more, wheels of the great world-sjBtem, whose revolutions are bringing on tbe second advent and kingdom of Christ. Then, imagining yourself for a moment under no worldly obligation to pursue your particular calling, undertake it with the deliberate and conscious intention of furthering his work and will. Choose it with your whole will, as the path in which he would have you to follow him, and tbe task to which he has called you. Conse crate it to him by a few moments of secret prayer, imploring him to take it up into the great scheme of bis service, and to make it, all humble, weak, and sinful as it is, instrumental in furthering his designs. Then put your hand to it bravely, en deavouring to keep before the mind the aim of pleasing him by diligence and zeal. Imagine Jesus examining your work, as he will do at the last day, and strive that there may be no flaw in it — that it may be thoroughly well executed both in its outer manner, and inner spirit." 