SPEAKIXÍÍ at the opening- of the new Roman Catholic school, in Redfern, Cardinal Moran said, ''What he desired to see established was a feder- ation of charity. In many places of the present day the agents of disunion were endeavouring to scatter the seeds of discord and dissension, and he (the Cardinal) would strongly urge on the Roman Catholic people to show not only to their friends, but to those who set themselves up as enemies, that they were desirous of seeing this federation established-a federation combining all the highest and most endearing sentiments of true charity and true mercy, and based upon the principles and feelings of Christianity. There was no bond of union more sacred and more lasting than that of true charity, and it was this unity in peace and in charity that he desired to see established, and would ask them to use their efforts to advance in every way. It should be the great aim to have the spiritual advancement of the country keepinjr pace with material progress, and he did not think that this aim could ba mure effectually attained than by adopting charity as their guiding motto." THE report of the Hon. L. Stanley upon the Cardiff Savings Bank frauds in Wales is startling reading; not so much from the fact that the actuary embezzled the money, for this class of offence is common enough, but from the fact that his pecu- lations were not o:*ly clumsily carried out, but extended over a period amounting to quite twenty years. It is perfectly evident from the investiga- tions of the Government Commissioner that if the managers and trustees had done their duty these robberies could never have been perpetrated. But complete confidence was placed in the late Mr. Williams, and he thoroughly abused it. It is a matter of little moment to relate how the frauds were accomplished. The wliol» affair may be sum- med up in the falsification of the books. REAL IBISH WHISKI*.-Iri¡>h humour is said to be extinct (says the World), and I believe it has sensibly declined, at least in its intentional and habitual form ; but who shall read the following extract from the opening address at the " Dublin Convention in 1887," held at the Leinster hall in " the cardrivingest city," and refuse to admit that its unconscious utferancea are as racy as of yore ? The speaker was the Rev. James Irvine, and his oratory beats that of Dicken'.* Brethren of the Brick Lane Branch " into fits." The Dublin Convention is an open meeting of all the " persuasions ;" there those who have been accustomed to " fighting like divils for conciliation, and hating each other for the love of God," assemble under beatific conditions portrayed by the surprising preacher, who opened the proceedings thus :-*' To my mind, it would be delightful for the time to extract the teeth, as it were, of denominationalism. that while we are together there might be no biting or devouring of each other. It would surely be delightful, even for a time, to have Isaiah's dream realised, and look upon the Presbyterian wolf dwelling peaceably with the Congregational lamb, and the Episcopal lion sporting kindly with the Methodist kid Rather rough on Isaiah, perhaps ; that Methodist kid is fine ; whilst the bold image of teeth extracted " for the time " makes one's own chatter. "ROOOH OK CORNS. '-Ask for Wells' "Rougli on Coras." Quick relief, complete, permanent cure. Corns, warts, bunions. All chemists and druggists.-ADV. A CURIOUS STORY OP A BIRD'S NEST.-A some- what remarkable story has been told us (Taranaki Herald) of a discovery that was made in a minah bird's nest at Tikorangi one day last week, the varacity of which has been vouchsafed for by our informant. It appears that a young man was strol- ling through the bu*h at the above-named place, and seeing a bird fly from its nest in the trees resolved to examine it. On reaching the nest he found four young birds in it. and on examining the debris he noticed an envelope. Curiosity lei him to take it from the nest, and to his astonishment he found it was a letter addressed to a young lady at Waitara, dated September 17th, which had been opened and returned to the envelope. The assump- tion is, that the letter was lost somewhere at Waitara, and had been picked up by the bird, and carried by it to build its nest in the woods at Tikorangi, a distance of about nine miles, as the crow flies. That weakness and lassitude in fast-growing children, may be easily remedied by a few doses of Dr. Soule's American Co's Hop Bitters. Read ADV. Ada : " Why, one of your cheeks is red as fire, and the other pale as a ghost." Ella : " Yes, Harry was on one side, and I was afraid mamma would see us on the other."' 