BLOCK Id COMPANY. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—A .meeting: ot shareholders in this company hat heen convened for Monday next in the Town Hail to consider a proposal for increasing the capital of the company, wbioa proposal originates with, the present directors, and' is may reasonably he assumed will be strongly supported by them at the extra ordinary general metting to he held in. Melbourne on the26th inst. Several letters hive appeared depreca ing the proposed increase of capital, and from what I can gather a strong feeling of opposition to the proposal will be shown at the meeting of South Aus tralian shareholders on Monday next. I shall be pre vented by another eDgagemeut from attending the meeting, and take this opportunity of stating that, although my views in respect of raising new capital are not his (see my reasons later on). I intend appointing Mr George Brookman as my proxy to vote on my behalf at the extraordinary genera' meeting on the 26th inst. in Melbourne, and at the ordinary general meeting, Melbourne, on the 24th November, and I trust he will in Blmilar manner be supported by all the South Australian shareholders, thus, by an overwhelming voting power, arming him with authority to dictate as to the increase or non increase of the preseDt capital of the company as may be decided at our Town Ball meeting on Monday next, and to wring out of the present directors information upon certain matters which appears to have been determinedly withheld from shareholders, under the protection of section 134 of the Articles, which provide that" no shareholder shall be entitled to require discovtry of any information respecting any of the company's business ' or affaire which,- in the opinion of the- directors, it will ba inexpedient to communicate, nor shall any shareholder be entitled to inBpeot any books accounts, documents, or writings of the company, &c.;" It would appear that in the very initial stages of the formation of the company It was contemplated that irregularities might occur in the direotion of affairs, and the articles were ingeniously designed to prevent any troublesome enquiry concerning BUph. irregularities, and I take it to he Mr. Brookman's privilege at the general meeting to ascertain inter alia—1. Whether the directors under the borrowing power given to them by section 38 of the articles ever exceeded the maximum figure of £5,000, and if having bo exceeded it at any time, to what extent haye they so exceeded it, and did they first seek the authority of an extraordinary general meeting as re quired by said section No. 38? 2. In connection with the sale of the company's stock ot coke to the Proprietary Company were any of < the ' directors who -authorised this apparently in judicious sale interested in the Proprietary Company as directors or shareholders; and if so. haw do they defend their action in face of the prohibition in such ease provided by section 83 of the articles? 3. Do all the present directors stand on the register as holding the 200 shares necessary to qualify them, and is the scrip representing such deposited with the company, as is usual ? 4 Was the requisition for the extraordinary general meeting on the 28th inst. signed by the neces sary 10 shareholders holding an aggregate of 15,000 shares, as required by section 45 of the articles, and will permission be granted to Mr. Brookman to in spect the requisition, thus affording him an oppor tunity of ascertaining which of the shareholders were anxious to increase the capitnl of the compauy? 5. Will the chairman of the general meeting state that to the best of his knowledge and belief clauses 5 and C of section 94 of the articles have not been evaded ? Tnese clauses render it compulsory 'on any director to resign' should he be concerned in or participate in the profit of any contract with the company, or In any work done for the company. I do not for a moment venture to even suspect that' irregularities have oc curred in the administration of our affairs by the pre sent directors, but simply Beek the consolation of such information as may prevent the possibility of sus picion. Under section 53 of the articles notices of such questions as the above should be lodged 10 days b( fore the general meeting in the form of a motioa " that such questions should he answered," aod as the general meeting will not be held uotil November 21' there Is ample time to formulate a schedule of the above and any other questions which may be sug gested, as also to give notice of proposed alterations' in the articles 3S. 45, 61, 71, 72, and 134 as recommended by the committee, and which have already been published. Our delegate will be enabled, if his proxy power be strong enough, to give practical effect to hia indignation if the above questions be not answered readily and cheerfully by getting a resolu tion paseed superseding any recalcitrant member of the directorate under power contained in section 54, which provides that without notice (as I read it. and here 1 would invoke the opinions of shareholders learned in the law)"it shall be competent for any ordinary general meeting to elect to the office , of 1 director or auditor, and also for negligence, incom petency, or any olher cavse to remove from offfoe im mediately any director or auditor or other offic»r, company — shall arise in the course of the management, and shall be brought before such meeting by any shareholder whomsoever. The words " or any other cause" above italicised 1 take it would embrace obstinacy in re fusing to answer fully the above questions, or any questions as to the finanolal affairs, or the very im portant one of "whether in the event of failure in starting smelting operations the present directors of the company will pledge themselves to conserve the concentrates and other ores on the mine until success is accomplished in the smelting, and on no acccunt to sell the same to the Dry Creek or any other smelting company. If the present directors will not so pledge themselves, then, with the sickening results of the working of the rich Junction mine before u3, our delegate will he compelled to exercise his po.ver in the direction indicated above. This br'ngs me to the mention of my views with re gard to the question of raising new capital, and although I am appointing Mr. George Brookman to represent me at the extraordinary general meeting, and my views on the subject are not his, I ask him kindly to consider my suggestions under this head. I would put it out of the power of any director to borrow on the security of our property, for who knows how soon after borrowing payment might be de manded, writs issued, company put into liquidation, property purchased for an old song, new com pany formed, large fortunes made by some body, and long- suffering shareholders clean out of it But if we do not borrow, how far will our present capital go in purchasing ooke for immediate use, and arranging for regular shipments ot same, purchase of flutes, timber, and material, and for holding on in case of failure at first in our smelt ing operations; if we do not sell our ore (and to do so I consider would mean "ruin") how long will the seven or eight thousand pounds now in hand and the £5,000 to call up last us / We must it appears to me put ourselves in a position of security against all probable contingencies. How then can this" be done ? I would suggest a new issue| ot 25,000 shares, said shares to be issued as paid up to £4 19s. (same aa present shares), and to be sold pro rata to present shareholders at £1, payable 10s. ■■ on application and 10s. three months after allotment. This, says the oppositionist, would increase the nominal capital of the company to £125,000, and re duce our anticipated dividends (oh, how sweet to con template!) from, say. £1 quarterly to 16s. True. But on the other hand, what is the immediate' effect upon our position ? The proceeds of the sale ot the 26,000 shares gives our directors £-25,000 over and above the remnant of the £13,000 above referred to ; we are Ivee.from debt, in ahealthv vigorous condition a healthy vigorous condition to meet any casualties in starting our smelting opera tions. We have ho prospects of financial oomplica tionB befoie u«, and each share has an interest in- the hew capital equal to 4s. per share; and each share of the new issue should be readily saleable at about 40s per share. In conclusion I would' urge my co-shareholders in this property, which Mr. f atton in his able report of September 7 shows to be an exceedingly valuable one (and this the late finds abundantly confirm), to spare no effort of thought or action to ensure efficient direction of tne affairs of the company, and the reBult must b8 that once the " ghost, of liquidation" exorcis d (which the jaising of the £25.000 will in my opinion oceompliih) the stcek may eventually reach a value proportionate . ■ . 204 to the Tropnetary Company's stock, viz., — = say £11 3x8 pci ebare, 1 am; &c..; • • Vr.VRACE I^WR&NCE.; Ksgfe Cfcattbers, October 19, IESS." 