MY THREE STRANGE DREAMS. (NEW YORK SUN.) Propound the query, 'Are there ghosts? to one hundred adult people, as you come to them in turn, and ninety-five will re- turn a prompt negative. Propound the query, 'Is there antyhing in dreams?' to one hundred adults, and it is doubtful if one-fifth of them will reply in the negative. Indeed, it may safely be asser- ted that at least ninety-five adnlts out of every hundred the world over have had dreams which were wholly or in part ful- filled. It isn't so very wonderful that the mind should refuse to sleep with the body, and should wander away from it into strange realms ; but 'having dreams' and 'seeingghsots' is placed so nearly at a level by scoffers that one fears to own to a dream which has come trae. And yet ninety-five per cent, of us believe in dreams whether we admit or not. In my time I have had three remark- able dreams While no more remarkable {¡han hundreds of qthers given to the public, I would not give them her except fihey had qnce been publicly talked about, criticised, an shown to be remarkable. The first occurred when I was eleven years of age. At that time my father sold his farm in Lorain country, Ohio, and purchased another on the banks of the Ohio River, about twenty miles below Ílincinnati. This was in the spring of 852\. I had a felon on my foot-what is called *afrog felon'- when we moved, and was not able to be out of the house for two weeks. There was another period of ten or twelve days in which 1 had to use a crutch. The back end of our farm touched the river, and was quite heavily wooded. I wanted to go down there, boy- like, but was not yet able to do so, when I fell asleep on the lounge in the sitting room one afternoon and had this dream: I dreamed of seeing two men on the river in a skiff1. One was a heavy-set, villauions looking fellow with close-cropped hair apd whiskers. Tho other waa a lighter and younger tran, with black hair and moustache. One had a cap, and the ot he a hat. The older mau had a large eilve ring on a finger of tho right hand, and h was ming the oars. The name of the boa was the Gem. Had I been wide awuk and looking at the two men and the boa from a distance of five foot, I could no have seon them more clearly. Wha seemed queer to me in my dream, howcvei was the fact that I could not bear thei voices. I saw their lips move, but 1 coul not catch their tones. The men etoo landed in the mouth of the creek, wher their boat was hidden by the bushes When they stepped ashore they car ried an old-fashioned carpet bag bc tween them. They walked awa from the river into the timber unti they came to a tree which had boen tut ned up by the roots. The cavity thu was full of dead leaves, and iu this tho; hid the bag. Then they looked about i fix the location, and, after a few minutée returned to their boat and rowed away They were crossing the river whenmothe called to me and broke my sleep and th dream. 1 told her what I had seen, but sh laughed at it. When father came 1 toll bim, he was at once interested. He sail there was a creek just as I had described and he believed he hak noticed an uprootei tree, and he promised to go to the spo next morning. He was called away however, and three days later, and, during his absence, I limped out into the woods I found the creek without trouble, aw from thence I went straight to the up turned tree and found the bag. Every thing looked as familiar tn me as if I hoc seen it before. The satchel was not onlj there, but it was so heavy that 1 coule not lift it. I returned to the house anc told mother, and we took a hand sled down and in that way conveyed it to the house There we opened it and found two hag« containing four hundred Mexican eilvei dollars each, together with silver knives spoons, and forks, and some costly jewel lery. Father came home that night anc at once notified the Sheriff, and there w< learned that the plunder was the result ol two burglaries in Cincinnati. A. detective came dowj to see us. He was a hard head who wouldn't believe in anything he couldn't see, but he had to go down be fore my dream. My description of thc men tallied with that of two fellows undet suspicion, and a watch was at once placed at the mouth of the creek. It was ter days before the men returned, and wen taken into custody, and they bad not been under arreBt an hour when they confessed the robbery. The detective hated to give into the dream theory, and I think he went away believing that X was pst in the woods and saw the men land.* I could not hare walked there to begin with, and mother was in the room all the time I lay sleeping, lt was exactly as I have told you, and the jeweller sent me down one hundred of those big silver dollars to show his gratitude at my recovering 2,O00dol. worth of his property. About three years later I went to visit an aunt in eastern Kentucky. It was near a hamlet of half a dozen bouses, and, of coarse, I soon knew all the people. Four or five miles away lived an old bachelor who was known as the hermit. He was then fifty years old, lived all alone, and people said he had money buried nuder his fireplace. He dressed in rags and went barefooted, and was always a subject of remark. My aunt had a farm about a mile and a half from the town, and one afternoon, as I was returning home after making some purchases at a store, a man who satin a fence corner called me over to him and asked if I knew the hermit. I told him what I knew, and he seemed mush interested and observed ; 'I think he is my brother George, who left home thirty years ago and has not been heard of since.' I was a green country boy, and he had no difficulty in pumping me to his heart's eontent. I remembered afterwards of his asking if it waBn't reported that the her- mit: bad money, and of my replying that onr hired man said that he had thousands of dollars hidden, away. He asked if I had ever been to ¿be hermit's place, whether he was known to have a gnu, and other questions which had no great interest fqp me until several days after- wards. When I went home I told the fqlks about meeting the stranger, but the matter excited little comment, and it was not in my mind _ when I went to bed. I slopt with the hired man. I was asleep, and had been for an hour, when he came to bed. I was also asleep when he turned ont in the morning. Now, then, that night I had my second singular dream. Mind you, 1 had never been to the hermit's place nor heard it described. All at once I found myself in front of his little log house, and I know that it was his. Tho place looked poverty poor. I noticed the single window ia front, a leach in the yard, an old scythe hanging up in a tree, a grindstone with its face broken, and a path leading hack to a spring. I was surveying the place when I heard loud and angry voices iu the house and saw alight at the window. , I climbed over the pole feuce and looked ia. The hermit was down on his knees, and a mau stood over him with a club. They were talking, bat I could net hear what they said. Thac is, while their lips moved, no sound reached my ears. I understood, however, that the man was the stranger I had met down the road that day. He was after the hermit's money, and was threatoning his life, By and by, seemingly out of patience, the stranger gave tho hermit a blow on the head w'lich laid him out. Just at that moment the clock in the cabin struck eleven. The man stood for a moment, looked arouud him as if startled, and then begun rummaging. He took the bed first but found nothing. Then he hauled everything out of an old chest, looked into a cupboard, and, being still unsuc- cessful, he went to the door to get a spade leaning against the logs. With this he pried up the hearth stones, but no money was to be found. Then he searched the body, and brought te light a purse with a small amount of silver in it. I coolagee that he was greatly put over his failure, for be kicked the body at hissest several times, and slammed things arotyffwith heavy hand. I think he meant to fire Ihe place, for he was emptying the straw out of the bed when some noise outside alarm- ed him. He started up, and looked wild- ly around, and after a minute passed out doors. He came within three feet of me, and I saw blood on his hands. He ran to the fence, sprang over, and was soon lost on the highway to tho north. The first thing I didafter getting my clothes on in the morning was to tell my aunt and the hired man. The latter had been to the hermit's place, and he was well aware that I had not. He began to sneer as I started torcíate my-QÉejám* but when I began to describe things Ak he knew they existed, he took a horse and rode over to see a constable. The officer came and heard my story, and4m*jj^ie two rode to the hermit's place and found everything as related. The hermit was at first supposed to be dead, but a closer examination developed faint signs of life, and the doctor who was sent for succeeded in restoring consciousness af ter two days. It was to find, however, that the hermit, never more than half-witted, was now clean daft, Meanwhile the Sheriff and his officers were at work. There wasn't a railroad nora telegraph line within a hundred miles of the place, but an alarm was sent out by the stage routes and by all travel- lers, and in about a week the would-be murderer was caught. He had not trav- elled over thirty miles. In my dream I ssw blood on his hands. It was his own blood. In ransacking the house he cut his right hand severely on some object, and this had not healed when he was arrested. All the evidence against the man, who called himself John Hillsop, was circum- stantial and very lean circumstance at that. I had met him on the highway, and had inquired about the hermit, as I have related. Curiously enough, no one else had seen him. The Sherriff believed the man guilty, however, and gave him to understand that the son of the hermit's nearest neighbour had witnessed the whole affair. I was taken to the gaol to confront him. Ho was snllen and defiant, but as I charged him with the crime, and detailed the circumstances, he broke down and confessed. While he was being held ti await the death or recovery of his victim he died of typhoid fever in gaol. My evidence, based on a dream, would net have counted for a feather in court, and, although he had confessed the crime, a smart lawyer could hare cleared him had he lived. The third dream occured on the night of the 17th of June, 1872. I was then at Laredo, Texas, having arrived two days bef or. I was in bad health, and had been - in bed most of the two days, stopping at the house of my brother. On this night I dreamt that Twas abroad in thajntrftf' on a lonely highway on foot. I noticed , a grove of treas, several turns in thy road, ^ twoorthree ranch houses, and other things, and by-and-bye I saw a light on the prarie ahead of me and off to the right, 4 left the read to approach it, and as I drew near I saw a ma" sleeping under his blan- ket, while his horse was picketed near by. I stood gazing at the sleeper when two menéame creeping up, and one of them, raised an axe and brought it down witfc~ all force on the victim's head. I-aaw^ him quiver and straighten out, snd^ihjm ths murderers proceeded togo through him. They took his watch and money; saddled the horse, and rode off on their own, leading the extra one. Before- going they covered the dead man with his blan- ket. I perceived that they were talking but not a word could I hear. As an off- set, however, my vision was very acute, I saw that the watch was a gold hunting case, and that the revolver they took had a pearl handle, with silver arrows let in on the sides. I had started to follow the men when some noise awoke me, and I found the house astir and breakf asl going. I at once asked my brother to send for the Sheriff, and when that official came I inquired : * Is there a highway running out ojÇ here. 0^ wtyob there "¡3 a çrovo of trees to, the righi, just before you come to thc ranch house P' 'There is,' he promptly answered. ' That is the one leading toward Corpus Christi.' ' Boyond this tho road bends to the loft P' . It does.' .And after a bit there are two more houses P' ' Yes sir ; they belong to Dutch farm- ers,' 'And then comes a long stretch of prairie P' . Tes.' . A quarter of a mile off the road to the right, you will find the body of a murdered man.' He did not scoff at my dream. On the contrary, he seemed much impressed. When he asked me to describe the men I said : ' One had long black hair, long whis- kers, black eyes, a large nose, and one warner oLhis mouth was drawn up.' r^hars Texas Joe to a dot !' he ex- claimed. 'Tbaother was dark, had high cheek bones, a moustache, vory white teeth, and he lifted his eyebrows when speaking.' 'That's Meixcan Jim, Joe's, partner, and it's a piece of their bloody work.' He started at once for the scene of the crime, which was about eight miles away but. he liad not gone half way when he met men bringing the body in. The mur- derers bad crossed the Kio Grande, and they were never taken for the crime; but within a week the Sheriff got hold of thewptch and pistol, which they sold, aacHhere could be no longer doubt that mydream was authentic in all details. Tfiereader may scoff, as men will at the mpübarious, but 1 have given facts.-27eu> York Sun. 