A WEAN'HOT M /VN.1 '..'i1' ' ! "Hot day,"'said'a .stout. geutidniifl to a ^twngei' on a crowded Main Street car recently. Hey? said Hie other. " Hotduy," said the first some thiug louder. "Excuse mo,:i'in soWevttrit •tteaf-and hardlycauglit your meaning. " What you say?"." I say it's a hot day!" howled the -ia.t man;-glaring at liisneighbour; and getting •red in the- face and oars, 33 everybody iri the oar- looked iup: from their pipon. Ah';:yea, fue3ii10^-u?yp!,1?.u3t M 1'i^e cents: that's the tar'a On tjlh^.lirlei" Vf.iereuponiiie VjoV'piiIc'nt m»livid,ual .s:^id something under Hid breath; iiiui. got off the car. " Ye3.": said the deat* nian gently, '* that's,the tenth '11:111 v,*it!iin an' hour thats toldmoit was <i hot day. P'raps they iina guio I don tknow it," aul .he smiled sweetly and fanned himself with his hat. ^ANilTALlAN iloxTE Crtsto.—An Italian named J)°, (says-the Paria correspondent of tn J^clryrttpK) baa just tried to escape from fl rans.uriiifm.. n.n<1 liij ft f ... v.y.- .v. nua planned. wnne walla ne ia a kind of chain-gang in -the exercise ground of the gaol Torello trod 0:1 a metal plate which gave way under foot. He immediately as • rived at the conclusion that the plato covered the jinoiith of a drain communicating with oue of the great; sowers of the city. _ Hope of freedom sprang !'p , w : th« breast of.' the. Italian, mid on t tV t J "V.'fi,• 8<*t; to work ener gefcioiilly in ofd^r uJro a, through the S' j V - a^mv to.'rcach tho mdilCH of .fcj_e dram. He broke a piece: .of iron off the lower j? a bit.of wood on -it a* a nandle,, and began to work 011 the tvall under the window ledge. . This/occupied him from tea at night until four in the morning, when ha collected tile rubbish, put it. under hia mattress, .and tilled the holt; he s had. made with bread and plaster! i v«?4'«W>W|inoile of the turnkeys peri , the McrfvBtiopaj and on the fol.bwini .nigifcjidrWoid'.riana^lJliS'tj;!, JJufyry daybreak ,hs had siic«i<edecj 111 removing 0116; of tile lii'z'e' stones forming tbe wiiidow-lcdgo, «iud ;in in.iking an opening through which he could squeea^ hid TO. He next made; a ladder with his sheets; and theu started on the road to fresh air and free1 .clami ., He got through the a:>>rture with diffi culty, emerged into the. courtyard, and reached the metal-plate covering, as he thought, the drain.' Uowu through this he dropped, and found himself in a large cellar, at one end of whiuh he sa.v a light. i lu was iu the region of suhterraneau heat; where the men employed in ,warming the,.prison j?lf. • '• Jhw.-was'uot-osaotly what he . WariMdj.B-.) lorello; abandoning hopa. went and gavd illnlsdlf, up td tHii head ato&e;'rj whoi on awWeHlnff 'f01?1 .bis ahimberw, was surprised to' see a man crouching like a dog before him, weak, ,e-, mr'stfA i\ud covered;, with mud and-plaster.' , Ihe.Itahaa .was taken to his cell, and will.have to undergo an additional term of: imprisonment for his untimely visit to the'caves of Kor which lie under tho prison do la Saute.: . , CroauMs.i BitL8;r^-''Put, not your .trust in; ponces, saidojie of, the wisest of men, and' it id' ^.true to;day 'as over., .The maimer in which thrf Jljjypoian authoriti»3.have estimated tha- services ?, fee?£ral, V?rdon may be measured; by. the fact that the bills drawn by tli.it officer during-the: siege, of Khartoum have been dishonored.: by the' :*-T()vei-'ument.;-.The,, holders, of.these documents' .have, however,- obtained a decision in their favour; from the Cairo. Mixed Tribuual, and are actually1 !Wy sain", or about to sue, the executors- of th".' of: Partoam. f«?F payment 1—tfttvdlr and Military Gazette. - ...... . ; .Chatucteii Tjjsteb bva Musioal ;Nowi.-~ Now. it: is a fact, well known and beyond dis pute, -that every animate or inanimate structure1 responds to s6ms chord orlnote of music,' called ! I believe, the dominiint... We have all felt souie building -vibrate in unison with tho pulsation of some notes of a musical'instrument ;we have! felt " creepy" shivers Tun through us as some' mnsical chord is sounded. ;It i3 woll known that' auimals are strangely alTected liy. cortain har monies. Souie day, when'civilisation has ad-; ,vanc.ed-,.I believe, that -.these, evidence ; of: -p3yehologida[ structure will be better under-! stood, it will be recognised that vice and virtue^ -aro -in accord with different harmonies, and: yield'to the power of 'difrurd.it dominants; and1 and; when once the classilication is made, and: the disclosures of the dominant understood, then: the extent and influence of the dominant will be a psychological test to defmothe character and? ruling passions of men's nature, and to deeideS tue fitness of men for the various pursuits of life, i aud even for life itself.—Arthur U.tdley Vintoa.: Milk i.v Siberia, —In^vinter-tiinc milk goes to the buyer iii a chunk instead of a quart-. The1 people iu Siberia buy their milk frozen, and for' convenience it is allowed.to freeze about a stick, which comes in-as a handle to carry it by. The milkman leaves 0110 chunk oi- iwo chunks, lis the case may be, at the'liouse of bis customers. The chilth-en in Irkutsk,-instead .of crying for a drink of milk, cry for a bite of milk. Tlio people in ,winter- time:.do not say," "Be.carefifl not to spill the milk,': but." Be careful not to break-the milk "Broken milk is better than spilled milk, though, because there .is-an opportunity -to save the pieces. A quartof frozen milk ou a stick is a-very, formidable weapon in the hand of an angry man or: boy, as it:h : possible to knock' a person down with it. Irkutsk people han^ their milk; 011 hooka instead of putting it in° pahs; though, of course when warm spring weather conies .011 they, have to use the pans or pails,- as the inilk begins to melt;and drop down Hlie hooks." . , :'Interviewing a Ghost.^A' most obligiir' ghost has jii3t been discovered in America. A widow in -Burlington, Iowa, was charged with being tho cause of her husband's suicide. She forthwith called a spiritualist seance, and under the guidance of a great medium, soon had tho | departed spirit on. the witness stand.: Then 'she J cross-examined hini in the presence of her: father-in- law,and a number of.citizeiis,-. andj ho testi'jed that "she had been iigood Wife to him, and that his death by pistol:shot was quite-acci dental. " The Omaha; Bee says Tlio affair, creates not:" little excitement in Burlington." ' An TxpVs ;EY£.7-TC,,,T,. Ward. fpciue-ly of Haywards,' AlatnedalOoiirity,' lias latelv r.i turued from j a : eov.eral .years'i r'esidunbU }s ,Chili.-'1 Ainongitho -South Ameiicui curio?i jties Mr;-Ward;broueht badk witliihim 'is'.niie1' i«f thp eye's of a .'Peruviai) Jtiea, ' which'' Was {preferred with the mnbaluYed b.idy; These ourioiis specimens of the-praservalive art are very rare, ond.arp very'. i-iihVable^Wliti'n they' are found entire.' The specimen in the p >s sessiori' of Mr. Ward has the ''shape of ajiU-ce vf- wax -that-has'been cast in a' tliimble.' It is '•riinsliicent' and of a 'bright'gtiltieii lotking something like c ilottrujl glas^ For' people who see it for the Cr'st iime,.n-(.-u'd,:l>i able to discover from its.appriratica iU truV character. But even to Ihein it would bo I surrounded by- ;some niyatery-wlnchtiicv would bo anxious to have ri-Ve iled.'; It- ,i's related that a Peruvian lady had:a s^n'uctiim' of thirty or more eyes «•£ thii kiiid, valii»d at, 30,000 dollars, which she. had mounted aad worn as ornaments at a ball in Paris. ElF,r:s have been made to discover thr> s^cret i.t tho"' art by which the eyes of the Peruvian niou: archs were thus preserved, but tip to this time no chemist ha3 been able to make it his own. It is believed, however, that gold wa* one of the materials used, which woii'd account, perhaps, for tho color of the speci men. It is known that upon'death- the ey»s of the^Incas were taken from the sockets, and that part. which could not be .preserved cut otf. The remaining portion, after h.-ina treated with chemicals, was theu' placed in the empty eye-sockets of a mummy. Thf art of embalming was apparently a. thoroughly understood as it was l>v Hie Egyptians or tlu> Aztecs of Mexico and "in the manner of treating the bodies resembles more closely the former than the latter. PitOViil) TO BE NO JOKK. He had his photograph talc-11 oiio day when he was at tho beach with tha boy. '{t was not a good picture, for he was not ex ictlv in condition for taking a good 011a B it" h.? thought he would have a jokd with his wife about it, so when he reached home he handed it to her, saying, "Thete ii tlio jjiclure of ,1 mail who lovos you." She looked at it, and ■■i dei?p blush overs're id herfaco as she said. "It is like Jim. Where did yoii sen him?" He would give a good deal to !;uo\y now who Jim i?. Tiib. Fish ix tub Sea 01? Oaulbe.—Tho classilioiti-ui of tho fishes f.rtmd in the Sea of 