V JESS. By H. Ridkh Haggard. \- - CHAPTER V.1TT. .TIJSS 001IS TO l'HKTOKl A. That day, at dinner, Joss suddenly anii£|s$-ccl that sho was going 011 tho morrow to Pretoria to soo .Tune No- yillo. To 'soo .Tano Neville!' said Res un. opening her bluo oyes wide. ' W hy, it was only last month you said that you . did not euro about Jnno Novillo now, becnuso sho had grown so vulgar. Don't ' you yemombor when she slopped hero 011 her. way to Natal last year, and held up hoy fat hands, and said, " Ah, Jess- Jess is a i/enitis ! It is a privilege to know her"? And then sho wanted you / quoto Shalcspoare to - that lump o'f a Hjhrothcr of hers, and you told hor that if slio did not hold her longuo sho would "-.Jot enjoy tho privilogo much longer. And now you want to go and stop with lior for two months! Woll, .Toss, you , are odd. And, what's more, I think it is very unkind of yew to go away for so long.'. To all of which prattle Jess said noth ing, but merely reiterated her determina tion to go. John, too was astonished and, to tell tho truth, not a little disgusted. Since tho previous day, whon lie luid that talk with her in Lion Kloof, Jess had assumed a eloarcr and more definite interest in his eyes. Boforo tlmt sho had been an enigma; now , bo bad guessed enough about her to make him anxious to know more. Indeed, be bad not perhaps re alised liow strong and definite liis in terest was till bo heard that she was going away for a long period. Suddenly it struck him that tho farm would bo very dull without this interesting woman moving about tho plaeo in hor silont re solute kind of way. Bessie was, no doubt, delightful and charming to look on, but she bad not got her sister's brains and originality; aud John Niel was 'sufficiently above tho ordinarv run to thoroughly appreciate intellect anil originality in a woman, instead ot' stand ing aghast at it. She interested him in tensely, to say the least of it, and man like, ho felt exceedingly put; out, and even sulky, at tho idoa of her departure. Ho looked at her in remonstrance, and even, in awkwardness begotten of bis irritation, knocked down the vinegar cruet and made a mess upon the table ; (?it she evaded bis eyes and took no v '.dice of tho vinegar. Then, feeling Wuit ho had done all that in him lay, he went to see about the ostrielios ; first of all hanging about a little to see if Joss would come out, which she did not. Indeed, 'lie saw nothing more of her till suppor time. Bessie told him that sho said she was busy packing ; but, as one can only take twenty pounds weight of luggage in a post-cart, this did not quite convince him that it was so in fact. At supper Jess was, if possible, even moro quiet than she had boon at dinner. After it was ovor he asked hor to sing, but she declined, saying that she bad given up singing for the present, and persisting in hor statement; in spite of the chorus of remonstrance it aroused. ' birds only sing whilst they arc Aubftlg ; and it is, by the way, a curious thing, and suggestive of the theory that tho same great principles pervade all nature, that Jess, now that her trouble bad overtaken her, and that she bail lost; her love which bad suddenly sprung from her heart — full-grown and clad in power as Athena sprang from the head of Jove — had no further inclination to use her divine gift oE song. It probably was nothing moro than a coincidence, but itns a curious one. Tho arrangement was, that 011 the morrow Joss was to be driven in tho Cape cart to Miirtinus-AVosselslroom, moro commonly called 'Wakkerstroom, and there catch the post-cart, which was timed to leave the town at mid-day, though when it would leave was quite another matter. Post-carts are not particular to a day or so in the Trans vaal. Old Silas Croft was going to drive her with Bessie, who bad some shopping to do in "Wakkerstroom, as ladies some times have ; but at tho last; moment tlio, a1i-1 n I'liiiiiirn <v4- urn. jiuLii gub i tiuuyi; ut. the rheumatism to which he was a martyr, and could not go ; so, of course, John volunteered, autl though. Jess raised somo difficulties, Bessie furthered tho idea, and in the end his ofEer was ac cepted. Accordingly, at half-past eight on a beautiful morning up came tho tented cart, with its two massive wheels, stout stinkwood disselboom, and four spirited young horses ; to tho heads of which tho Hottentot Jantje, assisted hv the Zulu Monti, clad in the sweet simplicity of a moocha, a few feathers in his wool and a horn snuff-box stuck through tho fleshy part oE tho ear, hung grimly on. I11 they got — John lirst, then Bessio \sicxfc to him, then Jess. Next Jantje scrambled up behind ; and alter some yprelinumu-y backing and plunging, and / showing a disposition to twine tliem- ./ solves affectionately round the orange- ,& trees, off went the horses at a band gul- 1 / lop, and away swung the cart alter thorn, ,' in a fashion that would have frightened \ anybody, not accustomed to that mode ( . ot progression, pretty woll out ot his \ wits. As it was, John had as much as he could do to keep the four horses to gether and to prevent, them from bolt- "v ing, and this alone, to say nothing of the rattling and jolting of the vehicle over the uneven track was sufficient to put a stop to any attempt at conver sation. . KXjk-kcrstroom was about eighteen mihjji from Mooifontein, a distance that tlio'y covered woll within the two hours. Here tho horses were outspanncd at; tho hotel, and John wont into the house whon the post-cart was to start; anil hooked Jess's scat, and then joined tho ladies at tho ' Kantoor' or store where they wore shopping. After the shop ping was dono, they went back to tho inn together and had some dinner ; by which time the Hottentot driver of tho cart began to tune up lustily, but un- melodiously, on a bugle to inform intend- ing passengers that it was timo to start. .Bossio was out of tho room at tho mo- mont, and, with tho.oxeoptidn of a pecu liarly dirty-looking coolie waitor, there was nobody about. ' How long are you going to be away, Miss Jess?' asked Johu. 1 Two months, moro or loss, Captain Niel.' ' I am very sorry that you are going,' he said -eiirnostly. 'It will bo vory dull at tho farm witiiout; you.' yThorc will bo Bossio for yon to talk W;' sho answered, turning hor face to the window, and affecting to watch tho iuspanning 0O.4I10 post-cart in the yard on to which, t? looked. ' Captain £ . ol !' she said suddenly. ' Mind you look after Bessio whilo T. am away. Listen ! I am going to toll you something. You know Drank Mil II or ?' 'Yes, I know him, and a very dis agreeable fellow lio is.' ' Well, ho threatened Bessio tho other day, and ho is a man who is qui to cap able of carrying out a threat, I can't tell you anything more about it, but I want you to promise 1110 to protect Bessie, if any occasion for it should arise. I do not; know that it will, but it might. Will you promise?" < ' ' Of course I will ; I would do a great deal more than that if you aslced me; to, Jess,' lie answorcd tenderly, for now that she was going away he felt, curio usly drawn towards her, and was anxious to show it. ' Never mind mo,' sho said, with an impatient littlo movement. .' Bessie is sweet; enough and lovely enough to bo looked after for hor own sake, I should' think.' Before lie could say any moro, in came .Bessie herself, saying that the driver was waiting, and they went out to see her sister off. 'Don't forget; jjrour promiso,' Joss whispered to him,' -bending down as he bellied her into tho cart, so low that her lips almost touched him anil linr broalh rested for a second on his check liko tho ghost of a kiss. In another moment tho sisters had embraced each other, tenderly enough ; the driver had sounded once more on his awful bugle, and away wont the cart; at full gallop, bearing with it Jess, two other passengers, and Her Majesty's mails. John and Bessie stood for a moment watching its mad career, as it wont splashing and banging down tho straggling street towards thewido plains boyonil, and then turned to enter the inn again and prepare for their homeward drive. As they did so, an old Boer, named Hans Coetzco, with whom John was already slightly acquainted, came up, and, extending an enormously big and thick hand, hid them ' Gooden daag.' Hans Coetzco was a very favorable specimen of tho better sort of Boor, and really came moro or loss up to the ideal picture tlmt is so often drawn of that 'simple pastoral people.' Ho was a very large stout man, with a tine opon face and a pair of kindly eyes. John, looking at; him, guessed that lie could not weigli loss than seventeen stone, and lie was well within the mark at that. ' How arc you, Captcin ?' he said in English for lie could talk English well. ' and how do you like the Transvaal ? — must; not call it South African liepublic now, you know, for that's treason,' and his eye twinkled merrily. ' I liko it very much, Moinbcor,' said' John. 'Ah, yes, it's a beautiful veldt, es pecially about here — no horses sickness, no " blue tongue," # and a good strong grass for the cattle. And you must find yourself very snug at 6111 Unelo Croft's there ; it's the nicest place in tho district, with (he ostriches and all. Not that I hold with ostriches in this veldt ; they are well enough in tho old colony, but they won't breed bore — at least, not as tliey should do. I tried them onec and I know ; oil, yes, I know.' ' Yes, it's a very fine country, Mcin- hcer. I have been all over the world almost, and I never saw a finor.' ' You don't say so, now ! Almighty, what a tiling it is to (.have travelled ! Not .that I should likt?fe travel myself. I think that tho Lormcant us to slop in f.lm ii1ni»n IT ft line .nnifln 4vii» no Unl- it is a line country, and' (dropping his voice) ' I think it is a finer country than it usod to bo.' ' You mean that the veldt has got " tamo," Mcinhccr ?' 'Nay, nay. I moan thai; the land is English now,' I10 answorcd mysteriously ' and though I daro not say so among my voile, I hope that it will' keep Eng lish. When 1 was Republican, I was Republican, and it was good in some ways, the Republic. Thoro wns so little to pay in taxes, and we knew how to nmhago the black folic ; but now- 1 am English I am English. I know the English Government means good money aiul safety, and if there isn't a " Raad" assembly now,' woll, what does it matter? Almighty, bow tlioy used to talk thcro! — clack, clack, olaek! just liko an old black koran species of bus tard at sunset. And where did tlioy run tho waggon of the Republic to — Burgers and those damned Hollanders of bis, and tho vest of tliein ? Why, into tho slnit — into a sluit with peaty banks ; and there it would have stopped till now, or till the flood eamo down and swept it away, if old Shepstonc — ah ! what a tongue that man has, and how fond lie is of tho kijjnlerehies ! littlo children — had not coiit and pulled it out again. But look here, Captain, the volk round hero don't think liko that. It's the " vordomdo Britischc Gouvcrn- mcnt" here and the " vordomdo Britischc G-ouvornment" there, and " bymakaars" meetings here and " bymakaars" there. Silly folk, tliey all run ono after tlio other liko sheep. But there it is, Captcin, and I. tell you tliore will bo fighting before long, and then our people will shoot those poor rooibaatjes red jackets of yours like buck and take tlio land back. Poor things ! I could weop whon I think of it.1 John smiled nt this melancholy prog nostication, and wns about to oxplain A disease tliat is vory fatal to skoep. | what a poor show all tho Boors in tho Transvaal would make in front of a fow British regiments, when he was aston ished by a sudden cbango in bis Mood's nnuinor. Dropping bis ouormous paw 011 to his shoulder, Coot/.oo broko inio a burst of somewhat forcod morrimont, the causo of which was, though John did not guess it at the iiioinont, that lio had .just porccived Drank Mullor, who was 111 Wnkkorstroom with a waggon loiul of corn to grind at tho mill, standing within five yards, and apparently in tensely interested in flipping at tlio (lies with a cowrie made of tlio tail , of a vildcrbccstc, but in reality listening to Coetzee's talk with all his ears. ' Ha, ha ! " nqf" ' nephew , said old Cootzoo to tho astonishpd John, 'no wonder you liko Mooifontein— there aro other mooi pretty things thoro beside tho water. How often do you " opsit" sit up at night with Undo Croft's pretty girl, oh ? I'm not quite as blind as an nntboar yet. I saw her blush whon you spolcc to her just now. I saw her. AVoll, well, it is a protty gamo for a young man, isn't it, " nof" Drank ? ' (this was addrossod to Mullor). ' I'll bo bound the Captoiii lioro " burns a long candle" with pretty Bessie ovory night, oli, Drank? I liopo you ain't jealous, " nof" ? My vrouw told mo: some timo ago that you wore sweet in that direction yourself ; ' and he stopped at last, out of breath, and lookod anxio usly towards Mullor for an answer, while John, who had boon somowbat overwhelmed at this flow of bucolic chuff, gavo a sigh of relief. As for Mullor, lie bobaved in a curious manner. Instead of laughing, as tlio jolly old Boor luid intended that I10 should, lie had, although Coetzco could not seo it, boon turning blacker and blaekor ;' aud now that tlio flow of language ceased, ho, with a savage ojaculntion which John could not catch, but which ho appeared to throw at his (John's) head, turned 011 his liool and wont off towards the court yard of tho inn. ' Almiuhtv ! ' said old Hans, winincr his face with a red cotton poekot-haiul- kcreliief ; ' I have put my foot into a big hole. That stink-cat Mullor hoard all that I was saying to you, and I tell you ho will save it up and save it up, and one day ho will bring it all out to tho volk and call mo a traitor to the " land" and ruin 1110. I know him. Ho knows bow to balance a long stick 011 his littlo finger so that the ends keop oven. Oil, yes, lie can ride two horses at once, and blow hot and blow cold. Ho is a dcvil'-of a man, a devil of a man I And what did lie mean by swearing at you like that ? It is about the missie girl, I wonder? Almighty I who can say ? All I that reminds 1110 — I'm sure I don't know why it should — the Kafirs toll mo that thcro is a big herd of buck — vidorboosto and blcsbok — on my outlying placo about an hour and a half ton milos from Mooifontein. Can you hold a rillo, Captein? You look like a bit of a hunter.' ' Oh, yes, Meinheer I' said John de lighted at the prospect of somo shoot ing. ' Ah, I thought so. All you English aro sportsmen, though you don't know how to kill buck. AVoll now, you take Om Croft's light Scotch cart and two good horses, aud come over to my placo — not to-morrow, for- my wife's cousin is coining to see us, and an old eat sho is, but rich ; she has a thousand pounds in gold in tho waggon-box under hor bed — nor the next day, for it is the Lord's day, and ono can't shoot crea tures on tiio Lord's day — but Monday, yes, Monday. You bo there by eight o'clock and you shall see bow to kill vildorboesto. Almighty I now what can that jaekal Drank Mullor have meant ? All I lie is the devil of a man,' and shak ing bis bead ponderously, the jolly old Boor departed, and presently John saw him riding away upon a fat littlo shoot- iug-pony that cannot liavo weighed much moro than himself, and that yet cantored away with him 011 his ilfteen- milo journey as though he wore but a foatlior-weiglit. CHAPTER IX. .TANT.TH's ST011Y. Shortly after the old Boer had gono, John went into tlio yard of tlio hotel to seo 10 rue lnspunniug ot rue uapo cart, when his attention was at onco arrcstod by the sight of a row in active progress — at least, from tlio crowd of Kafirs and idlers and tho angry sounds and curses that proceeded from thorn, he judged that it was a row. Nor was lio wrong about it. In the corner of tlio yard, close by the stable-door, surrounded by the aforesaid crowd, stood Drank Mullor ; a heavy sjamboek in his raised hand above his hood, as though in tlio act to strike. Before him, a very picture of drunken fury, his lips drawn up liko a snarling dog's, so that tho two linos of his white tooth gloiunetl liko polished ivory in the sunlight, his small oyos all shot with blood and his faeo working convulsively, was the Hottentot Jantje Nor was this all. Across liis face was a bluo whoal where tlio whip had fallen, and in his hand a heavy white-handled knife which I10 always carried. ' Hullo I what is all this ? ' said John, shouldering liis way through tho crowd. ' The swartsel black creature lias stolon my horse's forage and given it to yours!' slioutod Mullor who was evi dently almost off liis head with rage, making an attempt to hit Jantje with the whip as I10 spoke. The lattor avoided the blow by jumping behind John, with the result that tlio tip of the sjamboek caught the Englishmen on the log. ' Be careful, sir, with that whip,' said John to Mullor, restraining his temper with difficulty. ' Now, how do you know that tho mini Btolo your horso's forago ; aiul what businoss havo you to touch him ? If there was anything wrong you should havo reported it to 111c. ' IIo lios, Baas, I10 lios ! ' yelled out tlio Hottentot in tremulous, high-pitched tones. ' Ho lies ; I10 has always been a liar, and worse than a liar. Yah I yah I I can tell things about him. The land is English now, and Boors cau't kill tho black pooplo as tlioy like. Tlidt" man — that Boer, Mullor, ho shot my father and my mother— my father first, then Any mother ; ho gavo her two bullets — sho did not die the first time.' ' Arou yellow devil ! — Arou black- skinned, black-hearted, lying son of Satan I ' roared tlio great Boer, his very beard curling with fury. '' Is that tho way you talk to your masters? Out of tlio light, rooibaabjo ' soldier— this was to 'John — ' aiul I will cut his tongue out of him. I'll show him how we" deal with a 'yclloiv liar ; ' and without further ado lie mado a rush for tlio Hottentot. As be came, John, whoso blood was now thoroughly up, put out his open hand, and, bonding forward, pushed with all his strength 011 Midler's advancing chest. John was a vory powerful mado man; though not a vory largo ono, and tho push sent Mullor staggering back. ' AVIiat do you mean by that, rooiba- atje? ' shouted Mullor, his face livid with fury. ' Got out .of my roiul or I will mark that protty face of yours. I havo somo goods to pay you for as it is, Englishmen, and I always pay my dobts. Out of the path, curse you I' aiul lie again rushed lor. tlio Hottentot. This timo John, who was now almost as angry as his assailant, did not wait for him to roach him, liut, springing for ward, hooked his arm around Mullcr's throat and, before lio could closo with him, with 0110 tremendous jerk managed not only to stop his wild career, but to rovorse tho motion, and then, by inter posing his foot with considerable neat ness, to land him — powerful man as I10 was — on his back in a pool of drainage that lmd collected from tho stable in a hollow of tho inn-yard. Down he went with a splash, aiul amid a shout of do- light from the crowd, who always liko to seo an aggressor laid low, liis head bump ing with considerable foreo against tho lintel of tlio door. Dor a moment lie, lay still, and John was afraid that tho man was really hurt. Presently, how ever; he rose, and, without attempting 2L11V fnrf.hnr linutiln rlninnnalvnfmn saying a single word, tramped off to wards tlio house, leaving his enemy to compose ids rufllcd norves as best ho could. Now John, like most gentlemen, liated a row with all his heart, though lie had tho Anglo-Baxon tendency to go through with it unflinchingly when onco it began. Indeed, tlio whole tiling irritated him almost beyond bearing, for lio knew that, the story would with ad ditions go tho round of tho country-side, and, what is more, that lie made a power ful aud implacable enemy. ' This is all your fault, you drunken littlo blackguard !' . lie said turning savagely on tho Tottio, who, now that iiis excitement had loft him, was snivel ling _ and drivelling in an intoxicated fashion, and calling him liis prcsorver and liis Baas in maudlin accents. 'Ho hit 1110, Baas; lio hit' 1110, audi did not talco tlio forago. Ho is a bad man, Baas Mullor.' ' Bo off with you and got tho horses inspanncd; you aro half-drunk,' I10 growled, and, having soon tho operation advancing to a conclusion, ho wont to tlio sitting-room of the hotel, where Bessie was waiting in happy ignoranco of the disturbance. It was not till tlioy wcro well 011 their homeward way that lie told her what had passed, whereat remembering tho scone sho had herself gono through with Drank Mullor, and the threats that lie bad then made uso of, she looked very gravo. Hor old uncle, too, was vory much put out when lie hoard tlio story on their arrival homo that evening. ' You havo made an onotny, Niel,' lie said, ' and a bud one. Not but what you were right to stand up for the Hottentot. I would havo done as much myself had I beon there aud ton years younger, but Frank Mullor is not tlio man to forgot being put upon liis back before a lob of Kafirs and wliito folk too. Perhaps that Jaubju is sobor by now.' (This conversation took place upon, the following morning, as tlioy sat upon tho verandah after breakfast.) ' I will go aud call him, aud wc will hear what this story is about his father and his mother.' Presently ho returned, followed by tho ragged, dirty-looking little Hotteu- trtfc. wlin tnnlc off liia li«>. n.nrl snnnl.hvl down on tho drive, looking very miser able and ashamed of himself, in the full glare of tlio African sun, to tlio effects of which lie appeared to bo totally im pervious. ' Now, Jantjb, listen to me, said the old man. 'Yesterday you got drunk again. AVoll, I'm not going to talk about that now, oxcopt to say that if I find or boar of your being drunk once more — you leave this place.' 'Yes, Baas,' said tlio Hottentot meekly. ' I was drunk though not very I I only had half a bottle of Capo Smoke.' ' By getting drunk you made a quarrel with Bans Mullor, so that blows passed between Baas Mullor and the Baas hero 011 your account, which was moro than you arc worth. Now when Baas Mul lor had struck you, you said that I10 had shot your father and your mother. AVas that a lio, or what did you mean by say ing it? ' ' Lt wns 110 lie, Baas,' said tho Hotten tot oxeitcdly. ' I havo said it once, and I will say it again. Listen, Baas, and I will tell you the story. AVlien I was young — so high' — and ho held his hand high enough to indicate a Tottio of about fourteen years of age — ' wo, that is, my father, my mother, my uncle— a vory old man, older than tho Baas, (pointing to Silas Croft) — 'were bij- wonors authorised squatters on a placo belonging to old Jacob Mullor, Baas Drunk's fatlior, down in Lydonburg yoiulor. It was a buslivoldt farm, and old Jacob used to como down tliore with, his cattle from the High veldt iu tho winter when tliore was no grass in tho High voldt, and with him. came the Englishwoman, his wifo and tlio young Baas Drank— -tlio Baas wo saw yostor- day.' ;7; 'IIow long'" Was all this ago ?' askod Mr, Croft. (To bo continual.) 