LAYING THU FOUNDATION STONE OF W&SLEY; CBUKCH, FKhMAMLE. ? -? -.; ? .' ---? Last year, it being fosad that the Wesley Church at present io ase in Fremantle had become too small for a steadily increasing congregation, it waa decided by the church authorities to endeavour to make arrange .ments 'vith a view to the erection of an edifice, more suitable to their wants. Satis- factory arrangements having been made, the trastees submitted to Mr. A. M. Bonython, the local representative of Messrs. Terry & Oakden, the task of preparing plans and specifications for the new building. Thc Jdesigns submitted by that gentleman meeting with approval, tenders were called for, and in November last, the tender of Mr. James Halliday, of Perth, to ereot the build- ing for the sum of JCI.987 12S., was accepted. The work was started immediately, and sinon: then has progressed in a very satisfactory manner. Yesterday aftarli&nn;, the ceremony of laying the foundation-stone took place. A scaffolding was erected around the stone, and decorated with bunting, and an ap- proach to the spot constructed ot timbor. There wa« quite a large concourse of spec- tators present, including a number of visi- tors from the city. Amongst those present we noticed the Bev. P. C. thomas, Chairman of the District j Bev. T. A. James of Fre- mantle ; Bev. J. W. Mouland, of Guildford ; Bev. T. Bird, of York; Rev. Mr. Hanlin, the Presbyterian minister of Fremantle ; Bev. A. G. Fry, the local Congregational pastor ; Mr, W. S. Pearse, M.L.C., Mr. G. Shenton, Mayor of Psrtb, Mr. B. Fairbain, B.M., Capt. Humble, F.B.V., Dr. Barnett, J.P., Mr. J. Manning, J.Pi,, &c.; The members bf the Perth " and Fremantle Orange Lodges «vere also present, and th« scholars and teachers of the Fremantle Wesleyan Sunday School. Before the proceeding? commenced, some slight confalón wai caused by a portien bf the scaffolding giving way, but, fortunately, no harm resulted fro m the accident. The ceremony commenced with the hymn. " In the nama which earth and beaven,1' which was sting by the Sunday scholars, after which a portion of the Scriptares was read by the Boy. J- W, Mouland, and a prayer Offered ' by the Bev. A. G. Fry. Mr; J. Man- ning, the treasurer, then read a short «ketch of the circumstances attending the erection of the building, and deposited a oopy¿ to- gether with other documents, copies of the daily newspapers of Perth arid Fremantle,1 and current silver and copper coins, placed in a bottle, in a cavity : which had bebb prepared in tho stone, siyiag/, »s ho did so, "I deposit this bottle with; ita ebntehts, in the name* of tho Father,; Boni hud Holy Ghost." Mr. Bony; then then' stepped forward, and, in the name of the trtateès. #raiem^'d;;MrB. george Shenton with the silver trowel, andTequcsted her to lay the foundation-stone. Thb trowel, Bennett, bf Fremantle, was v*ry artîslàoàÙf executed, and bore the inscription, « Pre-t Bèntalita,ttrpr& &e; Wesleyan Chu^ «oh bf iàyingliolfottná^Qú'BioniW^éníw W&i;èyau ^hhrâi??lJiàron%t*i; ^S68.^ *MtM:< inscription : " Wesleyan Churoh, Fremantle. This stone was Lud by Mrs. G. Shenton, March 7,1SS8. Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace." Tho MAYOS of PBBTH thanked the trustees for the compliment that had been paid to him and his wife, and expressed the interest they took in all matters connected with the Wesleyan church. In tho course of his speech, during which he referred to the circumstances attending the erection of tho prosent church, he said it was felt that the time bad arrived when Methodism in Fre- mantle shonld be ropreaented by a mora suitable building than that now in u«o. In building this new church, the trustee* hoped to seo an edifice erected that would not only be a orodit to Methodism in parti- cular, but also to Fremantle, and he need hardly appeal to the people to como forward and enable them to pay off the debt on the building as soon as possible. The ¿ev. P. C. THOMAS also delivered au address, after which, a large number of con- tributions in money and cheques was laid on the stone, the choir singing the hymn " Bringing in tho Sheaves." The Kev. T. JAMES having, on behalf of the trustees, thanked all who had taken part in the ceremony, the proceedings were bronght to a close by the choir singing the hymn " This ston<* to Thee in faith we lay." 