immmiEwm,.: .THE- /EMPTY -HOUSE. ' 'CHAPTER I. '.'.,,- '?;'?; ? : ' If ever a house had a weirdand ghostly :look, that is tho identical habitation I' said . -Erina Neville. 'I never saw a place, not' L '.even the picture o£ a place, that so com ' .-pletoly .realises my idea of aliunntod manse. . -'l could write a story about that house, '. i ' There should he a muvder in it!!' saul ??Viva, a lively, black-eyed damsel of some: .: seventeen summers. -.; ; , ;...... ,' A murder, and after that a ghost, to ' .-walk in white all through those lonely '?'chambers, with the windows looking mjles , .-awny oyer the moors. ' A bride should be ' thrown put of one of tlio topmost, rooms ', -l-y her jealous lmsbrmd ! and her shrieks us ' 'she fell, anil her dying moans, should ring .?out over, the fells and moors, nnd echo jthrough the fir-woods at the edoie of the ;, park, every, night when the clock; strikes (twelve.' _ . , ; ; iV... ?? . ? i;''You could writo a splendid story about ...it/JJrma, I know— so could ], indeed, if I iliked, only I hate the trouble— otherwise, 1 .am quite positiyo I could make. my fortune ' -by writing tlrreq-yolnrne novels— I have -such splendid, - brilliant, niagnittcent ? ,. ideas I' . ? '. ,; ..-.: . . . ?? '-..;. . .' But, snid Erma,, with a mischievous twinkle in her bright grey eyes, 'if you did ?not mind t.ho trouble, you could make a ..splendid fortune nt anything, you know ! ' You could composo an opera thnt.would. tako tho world by storm ; you could, paint a picture that would mnke GustavgiDpro, : ?and Lufebre, and Hosn lionhenr— not' to speak ofour own Millais and Leighton— ? hide theirviimiuished heads! aud if you ? choose to go upon tlie stage, where would Sarah Bornhu'rdt be, I. wonder ? Ah ! it is not given to many girls to possess a ,uni versiil genius for a sister as J do I' .. , ;? 'You are a nasty, satirical creature!' . said 'Viva, pleasantly, ' and you : can't im ..-agino how much I/hate-rall thatP and she spread out, her slender arms to indicate im mense spncc,.'but tell us all about tho house and what you saw, and what you heard,, like a dear; old disagreeable. tiling. -as you '-are.' . ' ?? .,,.. ' ?': . ': ' 'Well,' said Ermn, 'it is quite a, tale, -and you- must all liston to me with the .greatest attention, when once 1 begin to relate it : nud if anybody laughs they must pay a forfeit. Do you all promise V' : ' All !' answered a gay chorus of, sweet young voices. .It was. Christmas timo — that is to say, ?it was within three days of. the great ?English festival. Mr amf Mrs Neville had ? invited two nieces and a nephew to spend the festive season with their two daughters. 'Their two .sons Henry and Edward wore coming home also— the one from London, where. ho.was reading for tho burin cham 'bexs.; the othor from Edinburgh, where he ?was articled to a lawyer. Mr Neville him ? self was a country solicitor in excellent (practice, agent to several great landowners, and altogether a very prosperous man, who was reported to bo making a rapid fortune. The Nevilles dwelt in a lino, stately, old li'asuioned house, in the High : Street :of an ?ancient town in the far north, that we will call St. Judo's. The Misses Neville were pretty girls— lively, good-tempered, accom plished, for they both sang and played ?well, and Erma painted beautifully, They had a liberal allowance of pockot money. 'Whenever they wanted pretty new dresses, they had only to tell their mother, and'im ?mediately the carriage was ordered, ? arid *he young ladies were driven to Daventree iand Spencer's, tho first drapers in St. Jude's 'where they were allowed, to order what ?eventook their, i fancy regardless of. cost. '?They were the bent-tempered, merriest igirlsiin St. .Jude's; their mother/gave the gayest Christmas parties ; their father the iuoatuippointed dinners witliih a '.radius of siiTe'tnilcs. There was not a more popular family than the Nevilles in the . whole of Hobrshire. . : ???...-)-? \Vheu our story opens, Airs iSeville, ner 'two daughters, her two nieces, and her ?nephew Alfred— a candidato for priest's ?orders, very poor, very clover, and very much in: love with the sprightly Viva — were all assembled in the drawing-room, an apartment replete with every comfort, though the furniture was more than twenty years old. The rich blue satin couches and chairs wero . faded, but covered with a. ? bright chintz ; the seats were all soft and1 springy.. The carpet was so thick that one's feet sank into it. There were mirrors and little quaint cabinets, and inlaid tables loaded with beautiful old china ornaments. An enormous fire burned in tho wide grate. The girls all lounged about on low, luxuri ?ant chairs, in attitudes expressive of a de licious sense of case and idleness, and a ?conviction of having nothing whatever to do. Dinner was over. In half an hour or so ?coffee arid lights would come into the wide rather low-ceiled room; and also Mr Neville I would come, whom they had left over the I wine in the. dining-room, and who wasdis I 'Cussing dry. business details with a sallow, I wrinkled old gontleman from London.' As I yet the delightful old room had no other I light than that of the brightly-glowing lire I which threw into relief the golden, hair S . and fair hright.young face of Erma. - That damsel cast herself suddenly on tno lieartu rug, and sho established herself upon a large worked footstool. She held apretty fan as a screen between. her face and i the heat of the lire. Sho was graceful as any ?princess in her black velvet dress and gold necklet, , and with that ruff. of deli ?cato white lnce round her slender throat. '. I must begin at the begining,' she said, ' for it is quite a story, and I think a very pretty one— only the worst is we don t know the end of it. I wonder if we ever shall ? Howevor, that is riot the point. You all want to know what happened tome when I found myself last night on the edge of that ghostly lirTplantation;and close to the empty house? Yon all know, I sup pose, that Count Donald: is the splondid family seat of. tho Marquis of Invorsleigh — quite a show-place, crammed full of pictures, and statues, and cameos, and old jewellery, and medallions, and priceless china — aplacoto, make the mouth water of any antiquarian, or lover of ancient art under the 'sun? The'present Marqnis'has only come into the title- and'greafc1 estates about a year. . lie is only twority-nvo-^a gentleman with ahioceentriclove of foreign travel,1 an enthusiast for liberty, aud all' the new-fangled:nbtious of the^present day/as papacalls them.' ,:-.'-r. --':?'?:?;? a;-;ji; ?; :u'. 'Dear me, how prosy!' interrupted Viva, 'When are we coming to the haunted house and the ghosts ? I never knew such an old preacher as Erma. I wish it had Happened to me; I could have told it all by this time I' and then Viva poked the fire ?vigorously, .making as much noise as she possibly could during that performance and throwing down the poker at Ihst with a tremendous clatter in the fender. 'My dear Viva, how noisy you are!'1 said Mrs Neville— a mild, fair lady, who hud been hrilf dosing in an arm chair for the lnst five minutes. 'V ' : . ' 1 trent my sister's1 'remarks, nnd the savage interruption to which she hns sub jected me, with the contempt they merit!' said Knun, loftily, wniviiig her hnnd. JL'.M'o must maku allowances for iufurior minds.' '' ' ? ? A general titter ra'n round the circle. 'All tlint is tho cmimatiori of an envious and grovelling spirit!' said Viva, striving hard to repress her laughter. 'Ir-rl have nptwbrds to express the disdain hi .which I hold Miss Erma Neville.) Who would im agine that -wo ??syoro sisters 1' ;'.:;?? , ] The' cousin Alfred, who wns i tall, pule, and wore spectacles, looked with- intense admiration on these sallies of the lively Viva; but his sisters were anxious to hear the conclusion of Erma's tnle. . ?-? ,., ' l'ray dqn|t interrupt,' said Carlette — a tall, slender girl, with aristocratic featured and great dark eyes Unit seemed i to : 'burn with eagerness.. :'' I do so love the wonder fill n ti/1 tlin m»*cf orif\it-i t'' ? ' ? ' ? ?. . . ' . 'I will be quiet, then, for ten minutes, ebenn-e ouo must try tqpleaseoue's visitors.' said Viva, .with an arch glance at her tliree cousins, ' but it will ue hard work.' ' , Then Erma took up the thread of her story — ; .? ? ,i . ?, ?'.?:?:? ?'- '? ' ' This, Henry, Marquis of Inversleigh.hnH only come into tho title and great estateB within the last year ; ho was not, the son of the Into Marquis, who was a very old man with twp batchelor sons^-one in the house of Commons, and the second a judge in IndiB. ? Tlie member of Parliament. .went out to visit his brother, tho. judge, at Madras, nnd in ono day both of the brothers died of the cholera. When the news reached the old Marquid, the shock killed him, and thus the young man, who was a :very dis tant cousin— as poor ttsa rat, and a. Radi cal, nnd a Xihiliat, and a Homo llulcr, und everything , that is. now, and wild, und startling — who was poor as a rut, ns I said, and who had been wandering ? in :Qussia for years,' came- all at once into: a splendid property, and became a great ninn. ......: 'Well,. he has done nothing, they soy, since he came into , the title,,, but writo to the lawyers for mouey. and spend it as fast as he could — goodness knows oti what.,. He did not seem in, a hurry to come home. Everybody . ; thougnt that; when he enme into- liis fortune, he swould at once change his Nihilistic notions, and become a Conservative, like a renl English nobleman should be, I suppose; but he has never said a word about coming home till now i hut he has written to the steward and the, housekeeper at Court Donald, to tell them that he and four friends are really coming to spend the English Christmas there, and that the grand old house, is to be put in a state of preparation and the fatted calf killed. . . ,.; . ,?? I 'jsow, wnen l neara cms, i tuouguuii should like to ride, over to Court. Donald; and see the pictures, and the Btatues, and the oak carvings once more, before the house whs given up to this strange, new Marquis, who most likely, since he is such alovtr.of- freedom and equality, will shut all! strangers .out of his park — most likely, 50 papa says, who knows the world, and the difference, that wealth makes in a poor man of Radical principles. , .?: ??;'; '! So T. started off this afternoon alone on( rriy.pony Hero. It was such a brilliant, frosty day; the eurth seemed strewed with diamonds, and the sky was blue as a sap-; phire. Viva and Alfred, Emily and, Cnr lette,. were all. of you carried off by myj mother, to pay a,, visit of ceremony at St. i Pompadour Pyat's,'; the county member's.1, Yes, nil of. you went off in the old. family coach— the waggonette .with tho rugs and; footwarmers— while I went away on lloro without faying a word to anybody, and I' thoroughly enjoyed, my ride. I arrived at Court Donald about three o'clock. You will all see the inside of that duo, place one of these days; so I won't describe it now. The housekeeper, Mrs Moft'at, has been a friend of mine since my childhood, so she at once let me in and regaled mo with npricot-jara and biscuits, and now, milk in her own apartments, and then I sauntered through. , the picture-galleries, and listened to, her ;gossip about the late Marquis and his two bachelor sons ; and at: a quarter pnst four I mountad Hero again, who had been put in the stablo and fed, and wo wended our weary way towards St. Jude's and the six o'clock dinner. 'Now it began to get dark awfully soon, and 1 was anxious to get into the park, and then into the high road quickly, so I was rash enough to try a short cut through , a tangled part of the shrubbery with which: I have, oven in daylight, but a very slight acquaintance. There is a forest of rhodo dendrons, and a wilderness of laurel and birches, and beech-trees interlace their, boughs, all bare now, but still forming a: confusing network of frost-laden branches ; and, as for the firs and the pines, when the' .wind began to whistle among their tops, I assure you that Hero shivered with fear and then stood stockstill. I tried to en courage him ; I patted mm, ana caiiea mm fond names,; and at last, he started on; again, and ' thon, the moon showed a' silvery sheen above tho tree tops, and wo came all at. once to an . open space before the empty- house. ' ' .' . . ', ? '. Imagine a building of two stories, with: long lines of small windows blinking at you like evil eyes — most ef those windows broken ; birds flying in and out of them, moss growing on tho tiled roof, weeds choking up the steps of the portico weeds stiff with frost in the moonlight. ; I thought of ' Cummor Hall,' the old ballad of the deserted house, with the bats and the ; owls ilyinginand out of the broken' window-; places.nndthememoryofan old murder, com mitted long years ago, hangiug like an evil: spell about thoplace ; true, there is no record of a murder ever having been committed in ; !that old deserted house, which' stands in ', the park of Court Donald, that was built by| the grandfather of the late Marquis, during the reign of George II., as a dower-house ?'for-, tho widowed ladies of the family ; but , the late Marquis,' who was an eccentric old ' man, shut it , up when the last widow— ' liis great^aunt — ' died. Shut it upp for no ; particular reason that anybody ever heard i of -,' emptied V. it ofeverything ' or 'nearly j everything, 'arid left it as a: habitation for' the fowls of the air. Nobody particular over died there, according to any records or bvoii gosssp_ that I ever heard about this place': only that last'old dowager,' who was eighty-seven, and.-an excellqnt, (charitable, pious, gentle, old person, .'who left this ' pleasing, anxious being' quietly and pence; fully, in solemn hope of a. joyful hereafter, so that where the ghosts . come from, that the country folks say hdiint the place, is a question difficult to answer. 1 tried to. get Hero to puss tlio house quietly, but he stood stockstill; ho trembled in every limb, aud whnn 1 tried to urge him on, he shied so, that I nearly lost my seiit ; and' then I saw a head put out of ono of tho upper windows'; the ' rays of the monn fell upon it and lighted it up— the kha^tliest hial, and j«; limidsoinv, I liad almost said beautiful— out beautiful us the houd of a dead warrior who has died with out a struggle, shot through the .heart on the bnntle-lield! Dend! stone dead, looked tlint white i'neo .in tlie'inooii's rliys,.chi«el lud like a statue of a' Greek God— a young mule liend,. with the -'hair, close cut, a moustache on the upper lip ; and then I saw two hands stretched forth, gi'sticulating wildly ; the being— was it aiigul, demon, or man? — puts up its hands to the side of its picturesque head, und held its temples, like one in a frenzy of grief ; then all at once tlio person disiipponred; und,. the window wns shut with a nciiso like the report of apitsoi. As for Hero, lie 'was 'in a huth of porspi '?--i^ir»ii . 'lin cjf-ji/u-1 - of/i/ilroh.iii liit 1\'nll(/1 lint. move. I got down nnd pu-ttwl him, and led liiiri along by the bridle, nnd so induced him to puss the hntefui house.' Indeed, if I wasn't us st'ong as a' mountain-pony my self, I should havu fainted outright; ua it was, 1 assure you my. heart was in'iny mouth, nnd I Had to calm myself by tolling myself that some boy from the vill-.igo hud got into the house, for what he might call a lurk, and that I was an idiot 'to be so frightened by a mere trick; und sil, con trived to lend Hero round the back of the drendful empty house, 'where the windows' look for twenty miles across the moors— because my road skirted the lnodM, a narrow bridle piith, wliich I'liud'to reacli through d-brbkiin fence. I'got tho: end of my riding-habit well bedraggled' in the mud, and I am sure 1 did not either look or feel like a heroine, when': at ''length J mounted again on dear old1 Hero's back nnd ho began to .trot ? homo with me. Oh ! wasn't 1 gladat lengtli;'to'seo theligHt«o£ St Judo's, ' arid to'fepl that I was drawing closo to my home and my.friends !' ??;?, Erraa puused, and her mother, roiisedout of her languid 'apathy by' the recital of her daughter's ad veiltiires, exclaimed ; ?' Uood gracious; my love ! what a risk to run! Never— never go out ugain without your groom,' 'old Dickers ! Suppose that iv horde of horrid tramps or gipsius are in tho House? You might have been niurdered for ,tho sake of steuliiig Hero, ;or your watch winch you wearEouietimes intiie pocuet oi ' tho jacket'of your riding-habit.' \ 1 ' Mother,' said Ermu, 'I amsurenlmost it' was riot 'a tramp or a thief who looked ut me through that window. There was bhcIi a refinement. about the face, and yet such an unutterably unearthly look! I can't imagine wlioit was. As for trampsfl fancy they would be afraid of the 'dreudfhl / re putation .?which the house has .of being haunted: riorie of the villacers below in' the liollow will' venture withnr a mile of 'the place after nightfall.' , ' | 1 'It mustkeep the woods and plantations free of poachers,' suid cousin Alfred, with a smile, 'if those individuals are so much afraid of the possibloghosts as the country folks ; but it strikes- me that a committee of inquiry would be about tho best'-thingi that could be done in this caso. 1 supposol nobody ol6e would have a rightr to stir in the. matter ; but it strikes mo that if a half, a dozen of the constabulary force of this neighbourhood were to proceed to' the empty house, armed with a search-warrant; that they would be rewarded' for their pnins by, discovering that some moro than questionable characters' have honoured the old house with their presence. You see,1 a lot of fellowsiniglit live with the greatest' comfort in that house ; the woods would supply them with firewood and game,' so that if they had it gun or a rifle they eould eat pheasants, or hares, or rabbits every day of their lives. Depend upon it, »oin'e scamps of that scrt have established them selves in the empty house, nnd when any body does happen to pas.', they contrive to frighten them out of their wits.' . ?' 'A .compliment -to me, Alfred; my denri cousin, for which I thank you-heartliy,'1 said Krma, making a little grimace. 'But allow me to say that I am really in. my right mind, and I am positive that the person who looked out of the window at me was not a common tramp nor a gipsy.' ' No doubt it wus a prince ina disguise I' exclaimed ? ? the lively Viva, starting suddenly up, and beginning to enper about, tho roomy j ' ?-',..-?' 'But I vote' that, if to-morrow turns out as fln'e and bright ns to-day has been, that we all ride over to the dower-house— or ratherdrive — us four in the bnsket-carringe , and lot Alfred ride -Hero; mother -will let us have the bay in the basket-carriage — and let us get into the o!d house somehow, and frighten the ridiculous ghosts out of their wits.' ..?'.?; : 'I should be charmed,' snid Alfred; 'only do you think I alone should be a match for half a dozen strong tramps? Because,; although I hope I am not exactly a coward I hardlv. think I am a hero.' ' What should we be doing,' asked Viva, 'if they attempted to hurt you? Don't! you think four girls could take four men' prisoners ? ? and you, of courso, could manage the other two?' ?-? ??? ' ?'? ' ' 'Of courso!' 'laughed Alfred. 'My prowess in enormous ! Cortainly, I have learned the noble art of self-defence : but I confess to having rather a horror of encount ing more than one strong enemy at a time, lam not a hero of the Guy Livingston speciee. Let me go with .three other strong fellows, and all you girls had betferstay at 'home.' ' ? At that moment Mr Neville entered with the wrinkledold gentleman from London, and ho rubbed his hands and asked for coffee,' which 'soon came in. The wax candles and a large bright lamp shed light upon the pleasant old room. Music and cards followed during the evening, nnd the .incident at the oiiipty house wns forgotton by nil save Erma and her hitherto almost silent' coiisin Cnrlette. . ;.-;.. ?;. , CHAPTERS 1 Now, Carlette Brandoiiwas considered a trifle' too quiet and thoughtful for heryears which wero only nineteen. She was a; tall mrVcraceful and majestic in stature and bearing:1 In manner sho was in general, gentlo, unless roused by hearing some ta of wrong or cruelty, or even, such polite oppression, as tho proud deal . out to the humble— as the rich inflict upon the poor ini this oxcsllent world svery day. ; ; Cnrfette;, hsr sister and brothel, wore fatherless and poor. They lived with their widowed mother on the sranllcst of shabby genteel incomes, in a country village some twelve miles- from St. Jude's. Alfred wns patient, studious, unselfish, but ambitious, nud desperately- in lbvo- with his cousin, tho brilliant/ Viva, who was the reputed heiress of. a fortune of several thousand' pounds. Alfred had a situation in a Government ollicu in London, and wns studying likewise for tlio church. Ho had come down to tho quiet villiage to spend Christmas with Jiis mother and sisters. Mm Bruridonrwho wits tlie sister of Mr Neville, wa3 not expected to arrive till the following day. Carlette was iv girl of energy and resolve. Shu had sought, and.had obtained, pupils for music ami drawing iuthe neighborhood of her home, and she udde'i to tho slander income of liur mother another sixty pounds per annum, ] lur relations at St. .1 ud'u's did not approve ol thisprocceding. Mr Neville said it was better for {^iils to wear shabbier cloths, nnd eat less dainty food, and keep at. home, than to be dashing about the country in all weathers giving lessons. C'on.-idering that ho was n rich maii and Mrs llrnndon's own brother, it struck that lady and her children as odd that he did not supply poor Carlette with that extra sixty pounds ii. year, which ndded so many com forts to bakwood Cottage, on condition of her remaining at homo. However, he did nothing of tho kind ; so Carletto continued to give her lessons, and invitations came few aud far between from the house oC the rich iiiwyer-imelo at St. Judo's— only at Christmas-time it had been an institution, evur since Airs Brandon's widowhood, that sliu and her three children should spend Ciiristrons-week at St. Jude's. . Cni'letro imd her sister— a small, pale, fr»!;ili! girl, a year older than Carlette, but looking younger — occupied tho same room in the large liquso. ; ilary— that,1 was the simjile li.'imo of the, eldest Miss, Brandon— sut before the huge red ilre'that burned in the low grate of the, spacious chamber, brushing out her long, fair , hair. ' She was wrapped in a blue dressing-gown. 'How delicious if would be to be rich, like Viva and Krma 1' said Mary. ?' Vimcy tires always in winter to: go, to bed' by mid get up'.by';,aiid th'iti what beautif id elbtbes they have! Kuncy ! Viva says they aro botli going to have real silk velvet dinner dresses, prune color, .trimmed with satin, nnd they will cost twelve 'guineas each, and they will wour white Cluiiylaco and those massive gold niicklets and , groat lockets their father gave, them last Christmas ! They are going to iv dinner-party at tho member's wlU-.re wo dined to-day ;' arid Mary signed heavily. i. ' Don't envy them,' said Carlotte. 'It's not because you are poor now that you must always be poor. The world is full of changes, and life is full of encouragement to the young and the healthy. I, like tlio idea somehow of making my own fortuno, and I am glad my life is not all pleasure arid nil idleness I' .; , '?''-. ' But you are so odd I' said pretty Mnry, with a little yawn ; and then she added, ' I, wonder if wo shall enjoy ourselves at tho party on Christmas Kye ?' , ' ? '?, ; ( 1 ' Of course we shall,' said; Carletto. 'I always expect to enjoy myself, and I al ways.do.' ' Because you always put up witli.what ever disagreeablb thing happens and you like it!' said Mary. ...'. . . Carletto laughed.' : ' . ,,'„ ' , ,; '- '.'! I always contriyo to seo tlio comical side of things/'1 sbe said ; ,,' bufl am fired with a strango desire, Ifa^,. to ilnd'out the truth about this ghost, with, the beautiful face like u Greek God, that. appeared to Erma.' ?',...? 'Oh, good gracious! I would not go near for all tho world I' cried Mary. ' Why, of courso, the house is full of tramps ?' ..-.-.. , VThen they .ought, to be sent away,' said Carlette, ilrinly, 'for a herd like that 'in a country place means liousobrenking and outrages— only I don't believe it ; for if they were trumps they would have taken Erma off her pony, perhnps have killed her, and then have taken the pony and sold it at the horse-fair at Shalleybar ron next Monday, where horse-dealers ask no questions of trumps and gipsies. No I think somebody is hiding there who is in great trouble.' 'Then if they are hiding they are thieves I' ' Or they may bo falsely accused,' said Carlette. 'There is something that strikes my fancy in the man with the beautiful Greek head putting up his hands to each side of it in that anguish ; nnd Erma was telling the truth, you could see that. I will speak to uncle about it tomor row.' ? . ' The next day, when the family and the visitors were nil nssembled in the luxu rious dining-room to partake of a dainty breakfast, Carletto contrived to get close to her uncle, to whom she related Erma's story. . ' ?''.,.,?? 'And don't you think, uncle, she said, 'that the house ought to be searched?' ? 'When 'the Marquis returns I will lay the matter beforo him,' said Mr Neville, ' although I have not the honor to be his ntrent; bntlamwell acquainted with Mr Levison, the solicitor to the estate, and I will mention the affair to him after Christ mas. I think it most probable that there are tramps or gipsies herding in the house. Thoro used to be somo line old oak carvings on the chimney-pieces and cornices. If those fellows knew the value of them, they might cut tliem away nnd sell them for pounds to tho upholsterers at Liverpool, or York, or any of our great northern towns, without going sp far as London.' Carlette was filled with a deep curiosity —something more than curiosity— an in tense desire to fathom this mystery of the empty house. ' Let us nil go there for a drive this morning,' she begun. . 'Oh. yes!' cried Viva, clapping her hand; ? ' ... 'Certainly not— without proper escort and '?' protection!' said Mr Neville. ' Why, what aro you thinking of children ? Thero may bo ii herd of burglars there in hidin-*. Wo can do nothing without the consent of the Marquis, or at least his agent; and how I am far too busy to mix up in 'other peoples' affairs. Let it all alpno for the present, and keep away from the empty house'.' ??;'??.,' Carlotte Brandon was a girl of very inde pendent notions. ? , ? , ? ' I must see that house,' sho said, ' if only to moke a sketch of it in my fane album: but I fei-l convinced that thero us scihothing more than wo even guess. I mint not mako Erma or Viva disobedient, or lead them into danger ; but 1 will put myselJ, under the escort of some trust worthy ?villagers, and I will get into that house and search it. Something tells me that an unfortunate creature is there dying for wnnt of necessaries or of a breaking heart.' That day wns dark und gusty. Snow threatened; the wind wns bitterly cold; the yonnff people were all in ardent hopes of one ot those hard frosts which bring suffering and sometimes death to the homes of those ill-fed, ill-clnd folks, who shiver by the side of tireless grates all through the pitiless weather. However, the Nevilles did not think of tho poor when they longed for tho frosts. They only de sired that tlio ponds and thn river might bo frozen, and that they might havo good skating. 'It will bo glorious,' said Viva, 'if this weather only eets in a little harder ! As it is we have nothing very particular to do unless wo go for a ride or a drive.' A drivo in tlie waggonette was at length decided upon, for tlw wind wns so pierc ing ; and tho whole party started in the waggonette with vugs nnd foot-warmers, Alfred wished to drive, so they took only one mim-sei'vnnt, who sat beside him— an elderly man m n hluo coat and brass but tons, who folded his arms and went to sleep with an amiable expression on his weather-beaten face. Carlotte and Mary wore theirplnin,wnrm grey ulsters nnd hats to match. Erma and Viva wore long jackets of costliest seal nnd velvet hats, and each carried a costly muff. ' Pine foathors make fine birds ' is n true saying. There was scarcely n pin to be chosen between the actual liv ing loveJines.s of these four girla. Krma was fair and golden-haired, blue eyed, nnd with regular features. She- was rather too pule perhaps, nnd critics might havo found her face too long. Viva was black-oyed, round fnce, rosy cheeked, but she might have been pronounced a trifle top plump ; Carlette tall, dirtint/nc, graceful, with eloquent dnrk eyes and features noble but cast perchance in a mould too pro nounced, might by the envious have been considered masculine. Mary's waxdoll priitHiit'ss would have been termed insipid by ill-mitiu-cd women. Taking them tp 'pethBr, they wcrii' all pretty girls; but the Nevilles had the advantage in the richness of their costumes. The sealskin jackets and volvet dresses actually made them more attractivn to most people. ' I Vote,' cried Viva, ' that we disobey pnpa, and dr'iTe to the empty house in Courb Donald Park !' 'Oh, no!' cried timid Mnry. 'Let me ;et out it yon ure going tnerer They applied to Alfred, nnd found that he wished just to drive close up to the place, but on no account to attempt to en ter it; and then he proposed that they should drive up to the Court Donald and toll the servants what thoy had seen, arid asked for n cnirple of men to accompany him and Wilkius the coachman to the mysterious place, leaving all the ladies behind. , ' Yes— yes ; leave ine behind !' cried Mary. 'I would not go inside for the worid !' 'And I,' said Brma — 'I have a oold, I fancy I r don't wish to go over that damp old plnco to-day. Leave me and Mary with Mrs Moffiit, and thencome back for ns— if you Hk«;' and thus it was settled. The drivt through the park and planta tions of Court Donald waa pleasant and picturesque even on that dark and freezing morning. The dead leaves lay in myriads in the roads, yellow as gold. The wind mado the tall trees tremble, and rich voices came out of the woods — voices as of storm spirits calling to ench othsr. and bidding one another to the high revel which the witches would hold that might, riding through the air on their br»ornsticks as they went up' to svroep the cobwebs off the moon ' It was Carlette who thus described the noisos wliich tho winds made as the waggonette rolled nlong through the pork ; and presently the old Elizabethan house came in sight. Alfred drew in the reins, and let. tho horses rest a moment. ' Isn't it a grand old Tudor mansion ?'. he said admiringly ; ' and to think the fellow thnt has come into it hadn't much more 'chance of it thnn I had six months ago, with an old cousin nnd two middle-aged ones, who might marry and raise up heirs male standing between him and the title! I ??would' not mind betting half-a-crown that coming into the property has changed the yoiincr, flnmint; Nihilist into a cold-olooded Conservative!' and then Alfred drove on again. ' Soon they arrived before the door of tho house. The servant got down and rang the hell, and they were admitted ; and Mrs Moffnt, though rather surprised to-receive such a large party while the household was occupied in getting ready to receive the Marquis, yet welcomed the lawyer's daugh ters very kindly. They were all full of apologies. Thoy had not come to see tho oak carvings nor the pictures, they said, only to relato Miss Erma Noville's adven ture last evening, and to ask Mrs Moffat what she thought had better be done. Mrs Moffat made everybody sit down by the snug fire in her own parlour and par take ot tier Homemade wine ana cane, ana she listened to the recital with uplifted hands. 1 ' It's only lately,' she said, ' that I have placed tho least reliance in these stories of things being seen and heard in that house. I always thought it wns the superstition of the country-people that made them fancy things, but lately I have heard somo odd tales.' ... 'Well, but don't you think the house oucht to be soarchod ?' nsked Alfred. ' Will you let two fellows drivo up there now with me and my uncle's coachman, and let us search the house from basement to attic?' '' If you would not be afraid,' said Mrs Moffat. 'Oh, let mo come! cried Viva; but Alfred looked upon tho glowing face of the girl ho. loved, and resolved that she should not run into danger. ' Viva was overruled by her cousin, and her sister, and Mrs Moffat. . All tho ladies were to remain in Mrs Moffat'a parlour till the return of the.waggonotte. , ' All but myself,' said Carlette ; ' I am quite resolved to explore this .most mysterious house. ' '',. ' Andfnothing could prevent, her. Two , stout grooms of the Marquis's, Alfredj liis sister Carletto, arid Mr Neville's coachman j all; started' in tho waggonette for' the mysterious empty house. ' Nothing to lio seen, but every thin g to bo imagined,' said Carlette. She was clinging ,to hor brother's, arm, and her teeth wero ?chattering a little with cold. The threo men-servants wero in tho noxt room. 'Almost all the rooms opened in suites, ono from another,™ that desolate empty house ; the ceilings were low; the mantelsholve3j were high. These ceilings had been painted ? but (lamp had entirely obliterated the colors and iilso the designs of the artist ; the very .floors wero giving way through tho damp ; : nearly all the windows wero broken in the room where Alfred and his sister stood. '?'? They could see the tangled wilderness of ' a garden that had onco been the pride of ' the dower-house. This garden was bounded by a high stone wall green with moss ; and ?' beyond wore the wide, swelling gray moors stretching out under that loaden sky like a melancholy ocean to the, skirts of tho far horizon. 'We havo been all through tho house now,' said Alfred. ' We started from here. , You see there is nothing. Krma's fancy must havo conjured up that vision of the ' beautiful young mnn holding tho sides of his head !'! and Alfred laughed. But C'arletto looked grave. ' . ' Erma is not ono to see visions or dream 'dreams; she is too young, too lively, too ' happy. I nm positive sho saw somebody hero; tho quostion is, where is that person now?' and Carlutt e peered about curiously. '. Howover, she could see nothing; and it ' -was with a sense of having lost something that she took her place in the waggonette onco more with hor brother and the servants. All at onco Cnrlette started up pale and excited : ' My locket, with my father's hair and portrait— my beautiful locket ! See, the ,' ribbon has snapped— it was thin ! Ah I ' how foolish ; I prizdd that locket more than ' anything I had in the world. You must let ,me go back and look for it ; I am positive 'I had it on when wo entered the house I ' Yes, yes : I felt it when wo were in that : room where we could not make out if one ,,of the iigures on the ceiling had been meant . J for a shepherdess or a shrub, it was so r'spoiled by the damp. Yes, I can find my ' way back to that room. Stop the carriage, Alfred, I must go back! No, you need not '.come with me; read your Saturday Review {which I see peeping now out of tho corner j.'-- f your pocket ; read it till I come back, and then we won't trouble ourselves again ' about this disagreeable old house.' There was no resisting Carlette— she was a force in herself. She sprang out of tho carriage, loaving Alfred to the perusal of his Saturday Review. She said she would . -not bo five minutes : and after that in reality rapid but uppearuntly thorough sonrch of tho house, Alfred felt satisfied that his spirited sister was running no risk when ?she rus'ied away so eagerly to look for the large golden locket which contained , the , portrait of her father. , . , Meanwhile Carlette entered tho square '. hall, for the door was not evon locked, and , by turning an upper handle one could get into the desolate plncc. And she mounted the shallow, broad stairenso, damp, dis colored, mouldy; and then ran along a corridor, and so entered tho suite of rooms where she expected to find her locket. : The -floors were thickly encrusted with dust, , which had become damp and formed a thick dirty carpet, on which the light feet of the ,girl fell almost nsiselessly... :,.].? '?? Consequently, somebody in one of the ,oak-8kirted ghostly rooms did not hear: her approach ;. aud Cariette, who was: brave; repressed the cry that rose to her lips when . she saw a fomale figure, strangly clad in a pelisse of fur, standing in the light of : one ,of the windows, holding a. glittoring gold ^tiling in its hand, which, , the , young lady . recognised as her locket. Sho rushed for ward, lilled with a strange courage. ? .'. ..' If you please, restore that to me — it is [mine.' ,'? The person addressed started as if she ! had been shot, and uttered a strange, low ?jcry, half fear, half, disappointment; she clutched the locket iirnily, and stared an grily into the startled face of Carlette. A young woman, pale and dark, and foreign looking, with bands of jet-black hair .braided under an odd cap of white fur. ' ; 'It is mine ; return it,' said Carlette. . 'Arid niy sister . must die ; . and I 'thought that., we should have had food, wine, physic !' ; ..' . The girl spoke French — Carletto under stood every word. She looked into the face of the young woman, and sho was sur prised to find it so haggard and ;so ;thin. .:' ' .. . ..-'.. ??-? ; ', .''Who are you, and what are your, ? needs ?' asked Carlette softly in French. , 'Tell me where your sister is, ;and , she; shall have food, physio, all she needs; only, give mo the locket, which contains the' portrait of my father.' , '.' Oil, you aro an angel ! You havo coin pasioni You speak French. You will not give us' up to prison?' cried the gin. ' Prison?' echoed Carlette, who had now; regained her locket. .' What have you done to deserve prison ?' ' We have too much loved our country, ,We are .Russians. We aro Nihilists, who have left our country for Stockholm — crossed over to Hull iii the steerage ; ah 1 what did we not , suffer on the passage — : we who were reared in luxury— who have; had servants, carriages, diamonds, all con fiscated 1 Last year, when our father, 'Abraham Moscow, a rich merchant of Odessa, joined the Nihilists, our house was stripped— our father was sent to Siberia; we heard of; his death from cold the weok before we left Russia. Our 'mother died of grief in the friend's house where we took refuge. We went to St. Petersburg with our friends ; we joined the secret league, Mariette and I. In Bussia many girls . are Nihilists — all are politicians. In St. Petersburg we met a young Englishman, poor hut enthusiastic, who espoused the cause of Nihilism — that is he wrote articles in its praise, or rather condemning the tyrannies which made us bleed ; and Marietta loved him — why should I hide it ? He loved her not, and he never will know ilariotleis dying, lie lent us money to come.to England; we were to have stayed at Hull. When wo landed my pocket was picked ; it contained all the money we had save tine half crowns. Wo heard the name of the 'englishman mentioned there who had helped us, Since wo had left Russia lie had become tho Marquis of Inversloigh, and his seat was in the neigh borhood. -But we ; heard those who could speak French say. that the Marquis w-is:nq longer a Nihilist— that he. 'would give up those tv|io .were, to the- prisons. We .could npt'speak 'English. We found, oiir way along, moors and mountains to this ;plac'e, ?where^ve heard there was an empty, housi on his grounds.' We enterod, and we have lived hero a 'savage lifo for. six months,, waiting 'for tho marquis to return to his great house; then we intended to throw our3elves:at his feet — to remind him that ho too had once been a Nihilist— rhnd 'to ask him to find us hurublo employment on his estates.' . '? '' ',''.'? ? Carletto listened to this wild tale like ono in adreain/ ... ' '?...' ' But how havo you lived ?' she asked. ' What havo you eaten ?' 'I have snared small birds in nets ; killed and , roasted them with firo that 1 have miido in the great kitches below with wood gathered in clio plantations. We have slept on the fur cloaks we brought with us, lying on the ground in one of 'these rooms'; but since the weather has be come cold, in ' a large closet under the stairs, which you did not search, and where Mariette now lies dying.' The strnngost tiling in this .strange tale was that it was true. These Russian ffirls, ignorant of almost everything save a little French and a smattering of politics, had in fact gone through all tho hardships which Leah, tho eldest, related— living only on nuts and game, without bread or vege tables. Mariette, tho youngor, was indeed sick unto death; and Carlette. found her lying weak and almost unconscious on the fur cloak in the dark closet. Carlette, ener getic nnd kind and helpful, assured Leah that in England she and her sister had run no risk of being taken upas Nihilists. ! Carlette was as good as her word. The strange tale spread like wildfiro. Beds, blankets, clothes, wine, food, arrived in loads at tho empty house. The first doctor in St. Judo's was called in to, soe Mariotto, and ho pro nounced her soon to be out of danger. In7 stead of joining the Christmas festivities on Chsistmas Eve Carlette chose to sit up .all that nightby tho bedside of poorMiiriette in one of tho melancholy rooms of the empty house. However, she wont to the membors' ball, to.which she was invited, . with her aunt, and cousins, and sister, and she wore black and silver and ivy-leaves, and many called her tho bello of the night. She was introduced to a pale, distin guished looking young man, but did, not catch his riamq. Aftor the first, waltz her partner took her to the supper-room. She found his conversation enchanting: he was indeed, a kindred spirit. Carletto danced with him soyen times, and ' was' conscious that every eye in the room was fixed on her.- '..,,'?. ' ... ; ' '.. .- ' '? '? ' Who can he bo?' she said . to herself - ' he has only put initials in my programme.' But when the evening was over ? he gave her his cardi ' arid asked permission to call upon her at her uncle's. He was the eccentric young Marquis of Inversleigh !',, '' Whoever heard of such a thing?' the St. . Jude's gossips said to one another: ' that; wild .young Marquis lias' 'actually married that tall dark girl— a governess — a neico of lawyer Neville !' , Sho was kind to those wild' Russian' ladies, whom he has sent to Germany, where they have relations and lip has'given each of them a marriage dowor. He says he has sown liis wild oats, and let us hox)o ho has, forthe'.sake.of that tall girl Svlio Ayas so kind to her'mother and to the poor.' ' '. .' . ' ,','. ' , . . It may please the reader to .hear that Carlette is the happiest of wives. As for the figure; like a Greek god, which had .so frightened poor Erma, that was in reality a plaster cast of Antinous, which ..the' Russian refugees had found in one, of the rooms of the empty ' house. , When they heard anyone passing at night Leah would open the window and.show the passer-by, the head) with ' her 'hands clasping .;; it frantically;' Sho, had :an instinct which told lier that the country-folks -were afraid of ghosts, and that if she frightened them with the white head she would keep them.omtof The Empty House., . . ? , .. i;('.''.' ; 