PUBLIC SCHOOLS FOR GIRLS. (To the Editor of the Protestant Standard .) Sir, — To a Protestant nothing is more annoying than to see the children of Protest ant parents attending a Convent School and passing by the Public School. To me this is really a sorrowful sight. Without wishing to take the part of the parents of those children, I contend that much of the blame for this state of things lies with the Education Department and with the Teachers of our Public Schools. The following is a plain statement of facts. In our town there is a large Superior Public School of three departments, boys, girls, and infants. The Convent School is about a mile .off, and in buildings and surroundings is equal, if not superior to the Public School. A great rivalry exists between the Convent School and the Girls' Department of the Public School. It is a common thing for girls to stay at the. Public School till they are about 15 years of age, and then to attend the Convent School for a year or eighteen months longer. At the girls' school, part singing is badly taught, in fact it had better not be taught at all, and there is some absurd rule prohibiting fancy work in the Public School. Perhaps, Mr. Editor, you will kindly inform me in what way, crochet, tatting, and knitting, are Buch peculiarly popish accom plishments that they cannot be taught in a Public School. The fact remains that girls of 15 and 16 years are kept hemming and atitching till Jthey in disgust persuade their parents to allow them to go to the Convent School. That plain and fancy needlework can be taught at the Public School has been proved over and over again. I have seen exhibitions of needlework from Public Schools equal to anything a Convent School could produce, and nothing renders a school more popular than such exhibitions. . One of the strangest things about our Public Sohool is that the infants' school is taught by a most experienced teacher while the girl's sohool is in charge of a young girl of about 22 years of age. I am told also that the mistress of the infants gets about £60 a year more salary than the mistress of the girl's school. Why should the greatest experience and highest salary not go to the girls' school ? I once mentioned this matter to our Inspector of Schools. He could give no reason why it should be so, though he admitted that in general the oldest and most experienced teaohers were in charge of infant schools. He considered the anomaly to arise from the faot that by the regulations the mistresses of girls' and infants' schools are paid at the same rate, and that the mistresses preferred infant schools. So that according to his idea, the infant sohools are supplied with' the piok of the female teachers, and those who are left are appointed to girls' sohoolB. How are things to be remedied? Salaries should be arranged so that in every school the mistress of the girls' school' should have a higher salary than the mistress of the infants. The Minister Bhould at once issue instructions that part-singing and fancy work are to be taught in every girls' sohool. Some suoh changes are really necessary if girls of 14 and 15 years of age are to be kept from the Convent SchoolB. At present I grieve to have to confess that the Convent School is superior in many points to our Girls' Public Schools, and I consider the faot a disgrace to the Department. I am, &c.;, A PARENT. Lhe usual custom in Convent Schools is to teach the children to make a show, neglecting the more solid necessary rudiments of _ education. Therefore Convent Scaool children will be found, acting plays on platforms before their parents and the general public every year, and the newspapers joining the priests in praisingtheir proficiency. They are taught show pieces for public recitation ; and the girls are diligenty instructed in fancy work. On the other hand the State Schools endeavour to give a sound eduoation to teach thoroughly " the three R's," and they are not supposed to teach playacting the piano, and fancy work & o, which accom plishments can be learnt elsewhere, and paid for accordingly, if children shew espeoial aptitude for any of these accomplishments, or are in spheres of life where such are likely to be useful to them. The law is compulsory as regards the teaching of reading and writing and arithmetic, and therefore the State provides schools where children may be well grounded in these necessaries ; but it does not undertake to teach, nor could it with its low scale scale of fees, the merely ornamental, comparatively uselesB accomplishments. On the other hand in the Convent Schools, the unqualified teachers, the nuns, are glad to avoid teaching what they frequently know little about themselves, and are glad to teach the easier fancy work, a few showy piano pieceB, &c.; A number of the nuns of course had a smattering of these accomplishments before entering the Convent, though often unqualified to teach the simplest arithmetic boyond the first three simple rules. The fanoy work and the piano pieces, and the plays, make a greater show than the more solid eduoation, and act as an advertisement. For those reasons besides their being more congenial to the tastes and abilities of most of the nuns, they devote much time to that sort of thing in Convent Schools. It is only natural that girls should prefer if possible to leave the solid hard work and training of the Public School for the more attractive, easier, and more showy, if less useful lessons of the Convent School. But their parents are to blame if they consent to allow them to forsake the means of a sound eduoation for the vain fripperies of most Convent schools ; which are inclined to unsettle the girls and make them discontented and unfitted for the life to which it lias pleased God to call them. The Convent schools are enveloped in an atmosphere of Romanism ; the nuns' dresses, the images of saints and madonnas, the magic holy water, and the indirect teaching of the nuns, besides the constant contact with the little Romanists who are always chanting prayers to the Virgin and the Saints, telling beads, crossing them selves as a charm when startled, wearing scapulars as oharms against all sorts of things. All these things tend to stamp on tho impres sionable mind of youth, a regard of awe and mystery for the Roman paganism, and tend to weaken their faith and their reason, and make them inclined to dread the ghosts and devils, &c.;, that tho Roman children are taught by fables to believe in and shudder at ; and to make them inclined to seek protection from their superstious fears, by seeking to un christian, unholy charms like the little Papist children around them. Protestants may send their children to Convent sohools, and may be promised that their religion will not be interfered with ; but believe us — everything in those sohoolB will be carefully calculated to pervert them if possible. If it were otherwise nuns, monks, and priests would be false to their religion. The danger is great, and those parents have much to answer for who expose their obildren to that danger. — Ed. 