A GHiOST STORY. HOME'S FIRST TISION. ( Son. nD. E : rIs 11 AInD A 10SIOX," nT M.iDAnM DOCOLAi IIDOE) Home wu, :u usual, with his friend Edwin in the woods. The two bos were both great readers, and when either of them had found anything in a book that interested him. it was sure to be ommunicated to the other. On this ocaeion-it was in April, lSt5 or 1G6--Edwin was full of a ghost story that he had just road. The event it related to is a~ociatae with the history of a noble Engli.i family; and I am told that it furnished Sir Walter Stt with the groundwork of one of his 1nllads. A laly and her oeer had mutually agroal that, if thuer were a life byond this. the one who dile first should appear to the survivor. In pursuance of this vow, the lover, within a few days of his doath. irorenttl himen'e t, his mistrt*s. She tiaso*l the iion as a delusion of her unwus; on which the spi-it stirtched forth his hand and aid it on hers. lering there a mark that was ineffaceable. Many years after he had listened to this legbnd in tho woods of Norwich, Honme met in England a membur of the family to which it reLated, and wa assured that the history was well authen. ticated, and that a portrait of its heroine still existed, known in the family as " the lady with the black ribbon," from a covering she had always worn on her wrist, to conceal the mark. When Edwin's story was told the two boys set themselves to discus it, and also the poaitbility of such nppariians of departed spirits to those whom theyhave lorod on erth. With the romance of their age, they ended by agree ing to bind themlsevea by the same promise that the two lovers in the legend had taken and ex changed vows on the spot, in the most solemn manner they could devise. A few weeks later -Home went to live at Troy. He was then about thirteen years of ago. In the month of June following he had been spending the even ing at a friend's house, and on return ,ng to that of his aunt found that ahe had already retirrn to rest. Fearing to be scolded for being late, her nephew hastened to follow hr example. It was a lovely summer's nighft, and the moon, shining through the cur. minnate window of his room, readered a mandle unnecessary; but at the moment when the boy, having fnised his prayers, was slipping into bed, her light was suddenlydarkenO . Sartle by the phenomenon. Home looked up, and beheld a vision that he has desoribed in the opening chapter of his "Inandent in My Iide," published in the year 1t63 by Messrs. Longman: "I was about to draw thesheet over me," he writes, " when a sudden darkones seemed to pervade the room. This surprised me, inasmuch as I had not seen a cloud in the sky; and on looking up I ear the moon still shining, but it was on the other side of the darknwa, which still grew more dense, until through the darkness there seemed to be a gleam of light, which I cannot deasribe; but it was nimilar to those which I and many others have since seen when the room has been illuminated by spiritual prsnea. This light increased, and my attention was drawn to the foot of my bed, where stood my friend Edwin. le appeared as in a clonud of bright nes, illugmins h~i faie ith adintinctoesu more than mortal. . He looked on me with a smile of inoffable sweetness; then, slowly raining the right arm, he pointed upsard, and, making with it three crrles m the sr, the hand began slowly to dihappear. Then the arm, and finally the whole body, melted away. The natural light of the room was then again appare?at I was speechless, anot mld not move, though I retained all my reasoning facultice. As soon as the power of movement ws restored I rang the bell, and the family, thinking I was ill, came to my room, when my fint words words were; 'I ave seen Edwin hedied three days ago.' A day or two after wards a letter was received announnn? the do at of Edwin after a very short illn .' Some tame ago the experiments they were were making in France on the effect of the Lebel projectiles upon human bodies were noted. Unclaimed corpses from the buhlic mortaaries and hospitals were set up andsho at. ' 'o . " ?: " 