Ecclesiastical Echos. The tender of MesBrs. C. Goode andi Son Bas1 been accepted for building St. Joseph's.Convent;, - North Goulburn. Mr. E. T. Booth, the .well-known: temperance, lecturer, was a passenger in the R.M.S, Mariposa, from San Francisco. The Welsh tithe war continues.; several! farmers having been distrained upon for the non payment of tithes due. Tho annual bazaar in aid of St. Mary's Convente Wollongong, was opened in the Town Hall on.. Wednesday in last week. In Bourke a Bun Faro is to beheld; the pro ceeds, if any, to go toward tho building fund of : the new Jewish Synagogue. The Wesleyan Centenary Hall, in York-streefr>. Sydney, was formally opened last; week, whea dedicatory services were held. The Pope has forwarded to Cardinal Gibbons; of Baltimore, a decree favorable to tho Knights-.of. Labor organisation in the United States. Dr. Higgins, tho assistant Eomau Catholic? Bishop of Sydney, will be consecrated on Novem ber 18. He will sail for the colony in January. The flower show held in aid of the Wesleyan Church, Wollongong, realised ¿816 profit. Some of the bouquets and designs were very beautiful., À concert is announced to take place in tho Mechanics' Institute, Coonamble, on November 9j" in aid of the Building Fund of tho Roman Catholic. Presbytery. Tho Rev. D. Mackichan, principal of tho Free Church College, Bombay, has been appointed Vice^ Chancellor of tho University of Bombay by Lord Eeay, Governor of Bombay. The Church of England Sunday School Insti tute recommend that Sunday and Monday; October 21 and 22, should bo set apart as days off' prayer on behalf of Sunday schools. From English files wo learn that the Bishop ofi' Newcastle (N.S.W.), Dr. Pearson, is suffering from a serious mental diseaso, and that it will be impossible for him to resumo his duties in New«-, castle. Tho Wesleyan District Meoting in Sydney last woolc adopted resolutions with respect ta the ostablishmont of a central mission iri> connection with tho Centenary Hall, York-; Btrcot. Still another addition to tho Australasian, Roman Catholic hierarchy is announced. The current number of tho "Annals of tho Propaga-, tion of tho Faith " reports tho appointment oft Monoignor Vidal ao first bishop of Fiji, This now . diocese, it is added, will embrace 200 ißlands, con taining a Catholic population of 10,000. Mon«¡ signor Vidal has been at tho head of tho Mattet ' ' miBsion in Fiji for many years, . A mission in connection with St. Mary s R. C. Dhurch, Young, began on Sunday, October 14, tod will close on Sunday. Sermons have been preached every evening by the Rev. Father patrick. , _ . , The Victorian Congregational Union has re mitted the quostion of drafting a scheme for the foundation of a new Australian missionary Society to a committee representing all the colonies. An encyclical letter has been issued by Pope Leo XIII., directing all bishops of the Roman Catholic Church throughout the world to institute *n agitation for the restoration of the temporal ; power of the Papacy. On receipt of the dispensation from Sydney, % meeting was held at Broken Hill, and a branch nf the Sacred Heart opened. The Rev. Father Connelly presided; and Dr. R. Smith was elected medical officer of tho branch. The remains of tho Rev. John Stuart, D.D., ininister of St. Andrew's Parish Church, Edin burgh, and Her Majesty's Senior Chaplain for Scotland, who died at Dunach, Oban, have-been interred in the Dean Cemetery, Edinburgh. On Sunday, the 14th instant, after service in the German .Lutheran Church, Charters Towers ÍQ.), a handsome gold watch was presented to Pastor Maier, with an appropriate address, by Herr Reiderick, on behalf of the congregation. A fancy fair in aid of the Church of England building fund in Silverton was opened last week, »nd was a great success. It is anticipated that enough'will be realised to wipe off the existing 'debt on the church, and enlarge the parsonage. Bishop Moore, who is a vice-president of the '" Ballarat Art Gallery, has acquired a valiiablo painting in Rome, for presentation to the insti tution. It is an allegorical representation of " The ^Creation of Light/' and is pronounced by critics to be a remarkably fine work. v Tho corner-stone of the new Presbyterian . - Church, Gladesville (N.S.W.), was laid on Satur *' ' day last by Mr. William Wright, in the presenoe of, about 300 people. The new structure will be in'the modern Gothic style of architecture, and will seat 270 people. The contract price was ¿61200. The Bishop of Goulburn, accompanied by Mrs. 'Thomas, arrived in Pambula on Monday night. During last week the Bishop confirmed sixty niné persons at Kameruka and Colombo. He preached at Candelo, and in St. Luke's, Wolumla. A meeting was held on Saturday at Pambula, and a confirmation service on Sunday. According to the last report of the British Con sul in Jeddah, the number of pilgrims to Mecca .during the past year has been about 46,000, the greater proportion, of whom come from Egypt 'and British India. Jeddah is at present the most unhealthy town on the Red Sea. The mortality from fever among the pilgrims has consequently * s been very high. A telegram has been received by the chairman of the Baptist Union of Victoria, intimating that among the passengers to Melbourne in the R.M.S. Britannia, which left Colombo on the 15th, is the Rev. Dr. Maclaren, of Manchester, as the representative of the Baptist Union of Great Britain at tho series of jubilee meetings, which will begin in Melbourne on November 8. Among those who now retire from the active duties of the Wesleyan ministry in tho old country are the Rev. R. Roberts and the Rev. E. Jenkins, both of whom have occupied the chair at the conferences ; the Rev. W. H. Dallinger, Vbo intends to devote his leisure to science ; and the Rev. Dr. Kilner, who has been secretary of the Wesleyan Mission House for some timo. The deaths aro announced of tho Rev. Dr. John Edwards, senior minister of Greenhead Ú.P. Church, Glasgow ; Mr. Thomas Smith, who from the second year of its commencement down to a recent period was the editor of the METHODIST RECORDER ; the Rev. J.T. C. Saunders, of Chelten ham, an evangelical Protestant clergyman ; and the Rev. Geo. T. Payne, for several years rector of Drumbeg, Ireland. An intercolonial Sunday School Conference began in Melbourne on Monday. Dr. Alexander Morrison, of the Scots' College, presided. Mr. H.' F. Ritchie read a paper on " Tho Higher Education of ¡Sunday School Teachera." Mr. N. Livingstone read a paper on " Church Fellowship Associations," pointing to New South Wales as an example of the good which had been offected by the union of associations, and advocating the extension of tho system to Victoria, Mr. Gladstono has replied as follows toa Wolsh gentleman who recently asked hiB opinion on the authorship of tho well-known hymn, " Art thou we'ary ?" : Dear Sir-I thank you for your inolo Bure. I regret that I can only very briefly answer /our question. Dr. Neale was the translator; ¿>t. Stephen, of Saba, the author. As he waa of the Eastern Church his name does not appear in . the Latin hagiologies. I imagino tho hymn to »iavo been composed in the Servian tongue. The memorial stono of tho new manse in con nection with the Pyrmont and Ultimo (Sydney) Presbyterian Church was laid on Saturday last by Miss Harris (sister of tho Mayor of Sydney), ,in tho presence of about 300 persons, among jrhom wero several clergymen and ladies. A col lection of ¿C59 9s Od was taken up. Tho now building will havo a frontage of mit to Quarry street, with a depth of G5ft, and will be two storeys in height. The design is Gothic ; and tho cost will be about ¿8900. À meeting was hold in tho Baptist Church, Bathurst, to give the Rev. E. Price a welcome on his return homo after a month's trip to tho ad joining colonies. Mr. W. H. Paul, J.P., waa in the chair, and there was a representative gather ing of tho different denominations. Several gon tlemen spoke, and united in giving Mr. Prico a hearty welcome, and expressing tho hope that ho might be long spared to continuo his career, not only as a minister, but as an onergetio and iwoful citizen. Tho horoio wife of tho Rev. W. B. Ludclington, primitivo Methodist missionary, of Fernando Po, has been called to her reet af ter a comparativoly brief period of sorvice in Western Africa. Little more than a year ago, after resting for a timo, ?they returned to their labors in Africa. A few weeks back Mr. Luddington and bis noble wife were attacked by fever, and compelled to leave for England. They landed in the old country both worn and ill ; but three weeks had not gone ero Mrs. Luddington passed away. A painful incident occurred at a meeting of the Manchester Presbytery lately. During the proceedings the Kev. lt. T. Cunningham, of Bow don, complained of the closeness of the room ; and then he was suddenly seized with illness, aud, falling unconscious, was carried out. While medical aid was being called in, prayer for his recovery was offered by tho assembly. Two medical men immediately arrived; but they were too late, aa Mr. Cunningham had breathed his last. His death was attributed to heart disease. The Kev. H. Williams, of Petersbury, Virginia, U.S.A., has written to the NATIONAL BAPTIST, men tioning that on ten days, within two hours' time each day, he immersed altogether 1052 candi dates in the Appotoinax Uiver. Ho says that " during baptisine:, on very hot days, the people around the baptismal waters were shielded from the heat of the sun by a cloud. When the cere mony was ended, tho cloud dispersed." He con cluded from this experience that on the Day of Pentecost each Apostle could have easily immersed 250 candidates. During service in Free St. George's Church, Edinburgh, recently, when the officiating minister, Principal Fairbairn, Oxford, announced the hymn, a young man in the body of the build ing stood up, and, holding a Bible over his head with his hand, said in a distinct voice : " In the name of tho Father, and of tho Son, and of the Holy Ghost." His behavior somewhat startled the congregation. But Principal Fairbairn, with readiness of mind, repeated his announcement of the hymn; and attention was taken off the in cident. munni mi--«a---»»-I.I.«11.1111.11.1.1111.M' 