THE WHITE GIRL OF THE MOUNTAIN. |By EDWARD S. ELLIS, author of "The Boy- j Hunters of Kentucky."! In the year 1S77 rTr. H , nosr a citizen of Denver, Colorado, was engaged in the stock business on the Salmon River, ; Idaho Territory. You may recall that ab that time the famous Nez Perce chief Joseph "was making a desperate bat hopeless fight against the American Government. . ; On the firBt raid that Joseph's warriors made into the country along the Salmon River they took Mrs. H and her three-year-old daughter prisoners. The mother was afterwards released, bat her sufferings had been so great that she never recovered. It was understood that the ; little one had died in captivity. I The blow to the husband was a fearful . one. He left the country which had been the scene of his dreadful affliction, ? and, as I have stated, finally settled in j Denver. j Late in the summer of 1885 a hunter was ; wandering among the Salmon River mountains. He was far from the habita- i tions of his race, and did not expect to meet any but red men, who had hunted and trapped In that region from time immemorial. The weather was pleasant, j and he was sauntering along in a leisurely : way, when he came upon a scene so strange that he Btopped with an exclama- ' tion of amazement j He had approached a small lake of clear ; cool water, and saw before him a white girl, apparently ten or twelve years of i age. She stood waiat deep, and waa noticeable for her wealth of fleecy hair, j which hung about her shoulders and the ; upper part of her body. | " Well, I declare," gasped the hunter, j "If that don't beat anything I ever saw 1 or heard of 1 Can it be a ghost ?" ! He had stood but a minute or two, un- | certain whether he ought to approach or , withdraw, when the girl caught sight of j him. With a couple of bounds she was J out of the water, and vanished with such j suddenness that the intruder was still in i doubt whether he had been looking upon j a live person or a spirit. i But he was a man of considerable nerve, I and he advanced to the point where he i last saw her. There he found that she had j gone into a cavern. He peeped in, but j all was darkness, and brave as he was he j did not dare to go any farther. I "This isn't the kind of business I'm ; used to," he said to himself; " and be- ! fore I start out on an exploring expedition ' I think it best to have company." | The awed visitor set out on hi3 return | tocamp, wherehehad agreed tomeetthetwo ! friends who had accompanied him on the 1 expedition into the wild region. He found . them stretched out before the cheerful ? fire, preparing supper, and wondering j what made him so late in joining them. "While they were eating their evening : meal he told them of his Btravge adven- j ture. i They were buufcers like himself, and had had considerable experience infrontier ' life. They knew that fiction could not ! furnish any stranger incidents than could . facts, and they respected their companion | too well to suspect that he had been de- j ceived. j "It is a strange story indeed," re marked one. "But I have no doubt tint Ehe is a whito girl." "Uf course not. I saw that myself; but how is it Bhe ia living alone in the mountains ?" "You don't know that she is living alone," remarked the other hunter ; "if you had gone into that cavern where she disappeared I have no doubt you would have seen some of her friends " " I was afraid to do that alone." " We'll visit the place together to morrow. " As soon as it was light the three set out for the lake, which was found without difficulty. They had hardly caught sight of it when the girl herself was observed. "Yes; yonder she is!" exclaimed one in excitement. "That's the girl, sure enough," said he who had seen her the day before. " But she has found some cl-jthing since I saw her!" ] She waa standing on the other side of | the small Bheet of water, at the foot of a cliff. She was clothed in skins of wild animals, and her fluffy hair looked more luxuriant than had been described. 1 She detected the intruders almost at the same moment that they caught sight of her, and giving one long wild stare she whirled about and was gone. After consulting the hunters decided not to trespass upon the young lady's domain, though the night before they were inclined to do so. They, therefore, withdrew to Washington, Idaho territory, where they spread the report of what they had seen among the mountains. The interest excited was BO deep that a party of cowboys and several news paper correspondents determined to visit the locality and find out more about the wild girl, whose history waa such a mystery to every one. The spot where she had been seen was about 40 miles from Washington. It was no difficult task to make their way to the place. They found a charming valley, with an area of over a hundred acres, around two BldeB of which was a sheeb of water marked on the surveyor's maps aa Moose Lake. Whatever timidity one or two men might have felt about entering the gloomy cave in which the mysterious wild girl had disappeared there was nothing of the kind on the part of the company that now made their way to the spot. You know that cowboys are proverbially a wild and reckless set of people, and as for the newspaper correspondents, they will ven ture where even a Texan or Idaho cowboy dare not tread. The entrance to the cavern was on the border of the beautiful lake, bat when the party halted and looked in they saw nothing bub blank darkness on every hand, or rather in front, for they had not yeb lefb the sunlight behind. They noticed that the flinty floor was worn almost smooth by the frequent passage of feet, doubtless those of the wild girl and her friends. Standing thus in whab may be called the doorway of the cell one of the men shouted at the top of his voice " Hulloa !" The tones reverberated along the vaulted passage and into the dismal depths, and then all were star bled by a shrill, piping reply, which while it bore little resemblance to human tones, evidently came from be tween the lips of some mortal like them selves. " That isn't a girl'a voice," remarked one of the correspondents, stating a fact that was apparent to all, though he assumed the air of one who was imparting valuable information. The company ware about to push farther .rchen the being who had answered their hail presented himself. Daring as was every member of the in truding party, there was an involuntary recoil when they saw him-not with fear, but rather with horror. An old Indian, weak and tottering, with his long gray hair dangling about his shoulders, a heavy staff in hand, and half covered with skins, placed himself in front of the party, a3 though he did not intend to let them enter. He really meant to defy them, but there was nothing in his appearance to in spire fear, and he was pushed aside. The man at the head carried a flaming torch above his head, which lighted the way through the windings of the cavern. He hurried faster than was prudent, but they almost trod on his heels. The tunnel wound in many directions, and the cavern was divided into numerous apartments, in the formation of which of course the hand cf man had borne no part. By-and-by the leader with the torch uttered an exclamation, for he stood at the door of the wild girl's home. She was seated on the skin of some animal, and, after one terrified stare at the intruders, she covered her face with her hands, and sobbed as if her heart was breaking. Nothing was said to the poor child, nor did any one venture to go nearer to her. Rough and reckless as were the men, they were filled with sympathy for the unfor tunate being whom they were anxious to befriend, but who looked upon them as cruel enemies. They addressed themselves to the old Indian, but he was found to be dumb, and, when one of the cowboys spoke in the Nez Perce tongue he replied only with signs. Unable to believe that it was their duty to bring away the girl, the party withdrew from the cavern, and returned to Washington. You may be sure the newspaper men made the most of their strange experience. The accounts were published and widely copied in other newspapers. Mr. H in Denver read one of these, and the thought at once flashed upon him that possibly this wild girl was his oivn daughter, whom he supposed to have been dead for some years. He lost no time in hurrying to Salmon River Yalley, where, on the statement of his belief, he found no trouble in organising a party to help him rescue the waif. Two of the young men who had already seen her joined him. Under the guidance of these they made their way to the cavern by the lake. Tkey found the Indian standing guard ab the door. B e did nob offer any resistance, for he muBt have seen that it was useless. He tottered In front of the party, and led the way straight to where the girl was Beated, as before, on the floor. She wa3 clothed in furs, and stared with the same .wild expression at her visitors. My daughter!" called out the father, rushing forward with outstretched arms. The old Indian tried to interfere, but he was dashed aside, though the frightened child refused to go to her parent. By means of signs, common among Nez Perces, the old man was made at last to understand the situation, and he com municated in the same manner what was told him to the child. He gave his con Bent that she should leave, and the father took his child away. Though she failed to recognise him he was hopeful that In time she would be able to recall her early Infancy before the frightful raid which cost her mother her life and almost broke the heart of her father. It was learned that the child was taken by the dumb Indian directly after the death of her mother to his lonely home in the mountains, where she was kept over eight years without hearing a human voice or Beeing a living person except the old man. He had been a member of the Nez Perce tribe, bat a3 he was believed to be a wizard he was sentenced to have his tongue cut out and banished. Occasionally he visited the settlements, where he exchanged furs with the whites for powder and lead. His only food consisted of game, fish, roots, and berrien, and his only clothing the skins of wild animals. The recovery of the child is one of the strangest incidents in the annals of the frontier. - ?Little Folks. 