The Church Defence Association. ïBETINO 0P TEE MAITLAND BRANCH. .n TTnll Hi"h-strpet, on Monday »** ^ of members and friends ef the e'infflgftTn,h of the Defence Association Cunderie presidency of Mr John Lee, ambled under' 4dbyMr R W Thompson, 'YXlZllry good attendance^ the tl \ L were marked with enthusiasm «"^"f .DEW offered up prayer for the success IhePS: they had m hand, and for the deliver ance of the reformed Church from all false doc trine, heresy, and superstition At tho conclusion tnnC' S Mr LEE said that the paper tobo d K nmg by their esteemed friend, Mr R ** ' Z was lengthened, and m consequence íSSd'otattempt to offer any remarks ^Thompson began the paper, he would * rL.Dgtol.ear read a letter received by *XS3*T-fc«*Ju8tice Posfcer ° Mr J G CHAI HAN read the following letter - Thurnby, Newtown, August 21,1888 , Mr OlmDman,-I have just had a reply My dCHAttlanaPBranch of the Church Aesoca lmlT¿S that\on cannot continue your SA to the Parent society-nex.year Kfuhaveb^^doinganoble work, and it must îorjouwe'J- t £ The papers you sent me K'heaHood May GoVprosp« the good Ti» no mere question of brass crosses, genu .*? "r vestments. These aro but means to an äT^Lt s perversion of our dear old Church. ÄÄ »K which our ancestors perished estate «o being introduced wholesale l"tst m by these Ritualists. Damnable heresies and blasphemous fables our forefathers freely called them. We believe them to be soul-endangering and man-degrading, yet we are expected to let them go on in peace promulgat ing them, else we are troublesome fellows. The Jews found Paul a pestilent fellow, and I trust these destroyers of our Church may find some of us troublesome to their designs. It is a life and death struggle for us just now, and we must be wise as serpents, but harmless as doves It is not for ourselves or our own likings or dislikings that we are fighting,but for God's Truth-to hand it La pure to our children. We must constantly ¿Se our prayers wherover our bodies may happen ¿7 be for a blessing upon our efforts for rithout it we can do nothing, with it fte humblest of us is able to cope with a whole Pan-Anriican Conference, with the evil one him «eU to boot-for if he had not got among them as an angei of light these good men would never lend themselves as so many have done to such ruinous innovations, Their eyes are dazzled, and when they recover their sight, unless God saves us, it will be to find truth and purity stamped out from among us, and our Church, with all its precious souls, handed bodily over to Rome, or what is worse. Money is one of the great difficulties at present. Yon will have to show your people the necessity for it, and so shall we, but our cause is the Lord's, and under His guidance we are bound to succeed. Believe mo, dear Mr. Chapman, faithfully 1 ' W. J. FOSTER. Mr. THOMPSON, having been introduced by the Chairman, said that he had two capers before him, which it was thought desirable should be read to the meeting, more particularly one in regard to the book called The Congregation in Church, the reading of which was thought to be moro appropriate at ) the present tijne. The second paper on " Spiritual and Bitual Worship Compared" was of consider- able length. He did not know if they would have time to go into both that night. He should of course be guided by the feelings of the meeting. If necessary, he was quite willing to read both. The one on Tlie Congregation in Church, however, more nearly touched them at the present time, and he wooli therefore read it first. The paper was as follows : Canon Tyrrell's little book The Congregation in Church teaches this false doctrine which Ritualism illustrates. The Bible condemn« spiritual impurity in the Revelation as symbolized by a woman " arrayed in purple and scarlet and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having in her hand a golden cup (or chalice) full of abomi- nations. . . and upon her forehead a name written 'Mystery Babylon the Great.' And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus. . . The woman whom thou sawest is the great city which reigneth over the kings of the earth." Canon Tyrrell's book of thoughts is a guide book to Roman Catholic doctrine, but the Bible indicates rome as that great city of the apocalyptic vision, and is not her worship a glitter of purple and scar- let and gold and jewels, and the chalice of mystery (most potent word), full of abominations, as exem- plified by the morals of those nations under the obedience of the great Latin Church ! The Canon proceeds to state that "in public worship the Church determines for us these forms and ceremonies." I am sorry to contradict the learned Canon, but I thought that the Book of Common Prayer undertook this duty for members of the Church of England, whereas the book he quotes is opposed to its fundamental doctrines. The Bible, the inspired record of the Apostolic Church, does not decree any forms or ceremonies. The Creeds do not either, nor does the most ancient literature, but as the Church grew in years so cere- monies were grafted in until heathen ritual was absorbed. Tradition prescribes rites and ceremonies, and I have noticed that when a Ritualist refers to any ceremony being " very ancient" its antiquity dates to a thousand years after the Church was founded, and to a period of dense medieval and spiritual darkness. Protestants have only one very ancient authority, and that is the Bible ; but Ritualists object to lay- men interpreting it without the gloss of the priest. The Canon says again " The Bible gives abundant testimony as to what the ceremonial of worship should be." Quite so of worship under the law or in Heaven; but it does not order a single 'ritual rite for the Christian Church. Of course, I except the institution of the Lord's Supper and Baptism ; but it lays down no ritual for their celebration. The Canon adds: "And the traditions of the Church handed down to us in the writings of the earliest fathers, from the very times of the apostles, are also very clear on the subject." It is "very clear" that the learned Canon is very mixed in his dates. The apostle John died A.D. 90, and his gospel and the revelation which closed the Canon of Scrip- ture were written about that date. A very recent discovery "The Didache, or Teaching of the Apostles,' is supposed to have been written about the same time. These three books contain no Romish ritual of the altar; whilst the Apocalyptic vision of worship in Heaven could not possibly take place on earth, because of the absence of the Lord Jesus. The next earliest work of very doubtful accuracy is " The Shepherd of Hermas," written, not from the very times of the apostles, but about A.D. 153, e.g., nearly 70 years after the death of St. John, when error had already commenced to creep largely into the Church. It is "very clear" that these "very clear tra- ditions" are most misleading ; they have been added to from every source until error has crowned itself in promulgating the infallibility of the Pope-the climax of tradition ! The chief source of these traditions of worship was the wholesale absorption of heathen ritual at the time when Constantine turned . Christian, and the unconverted nations became Christian through policy. The Canon proceeds to argue to this effect: "That as God appointed the Mosaic ritual, and as the New Testament is a continuation of the old, and God being unchangeable," therefore, " it is inconsistent with His nature that He should declare that to be wrong in principle at one time which He declared to be right at another." ' ' ' And again, that "all tho rites and ceremonies of the Mosaic law were types of corresponding things which the new dispensation should bring forth ; they were patterns to be copied in Christian wor- ship." I must again take the liberty of contradiction in that the New Testament states nothing of the sort, for in fact it maintains a most significant silence both as to Church government and ritual. The Canon evidently knows this, for he adds " It is true that full information on simple details of worship is not found in the New Testament. This may be accounted for by the fact that those things which were done daily, and are perfectly familiar to people, are never described." I think that Canon Tyrrell will admit that it is also true that the New Testament was inspired by God the Holy Ghost, and the marked absence of simple details had a divine purpose, which he would do well to ponder over. Canon Tyrrell's full information is to be found in Tho Congregation in Church, which proscribes a ritual most dishonouring to Christ and the Holy Ghost. We Protestants need no such false guides for our behaviour in church. It is perfectly clear that the essence of spiritual worship is exquisite simplicity, so simple that it really does not need to be described, whereas ritual worship depends on the mechanical accuracy of an infinite number of petty details. Canon Tyrrell relies upon Scripture to prove that the Mosaic ritual was the pattern for Christian worship. "St. Paul, writing of some of those Mosaic observations, says that they were our examples, for our admonition, that they were a shadow of good things to come." What St. Paul wrote to the Corinthians forms the strongest possible condem- nation of the idolatrous ritual of The Congregation in Church. In Cor. x the apostle likened the weary wander- ings of Israel in the wilderness to the Christian pilgrimage : how that the trials of Israel then bore a resemblance to those endured by Christians. The passage through the Red Sea was likened to Bap- tism ; the manna and the wells in the wilderness to Christ our spiritual food : the sins and foulures of God's people were examples for Christians to avoid, especially those desires to yield to the appe- tites of the flesh. The Fathers were idolators ; they were impure ; they tempted the Lord ; they murmured ; but God will not let the Christian be tempted more than he is able to bear. " Wherefore, my beloved, flee from idolatry. The cup of blessing which we bless, is it not a communion of the blood of Christ ? The bread which we break, is it not a communion of the body of Christ ?" We may gather that the Christians (once them selves Pagans) partook of the Memorial Supper and of the heathen sacrifices offered to idols and devils when asked by the Pagan friends to do so ; but St. Paul Bays " Ye cannot partake of the table of the Lord and of the table of devils, or do we provoke the Lord to jealousy. Are we stronger than He ?" These solemn words of warning are applicable to ourselves. We cannot be Protestant and "so called Catholic." We cannot partake of the Supper and the Mass : our hallowed memorial of the absent Lord and the idolatrous worship of the real pre- sence of the Ritualists' dead Christ are as diametric- ally opposed as the Corinthian communion with the idol sacrifices of the heathen. We cannot possibly be half and halves. The following paragraph, by Canon Tyrrell, is simply astounding in the rashness of its assertion : -" Besides all this, St. John the Divine, who out- lived the other Apostles by many years, and was consequently well acquainted with the worship of the Christian Church in his day, describes, as is generally admitted in mystical language in the Book of the Revelation, what the worship of the church was in those times, and gives an inspired glimpse of what the worship of heaven will be like, and hence sets before us what our own efforts of worship should aim at." The Congregation in Church is therefore a supplement to the Book of Revelation. It certainly does illustrate the worship of the woman whose name was " Mystery" and fun of abominations. The Guide to Babylonian Idolatry would be its correct title. Let us now learn in the very words of this guide book what the " Congregation in Church" should believe and do. (Page 21.) The High Church party desire " the restoration of the visible unity of Christendom, and especially the renewal of the communion between the Church of England and both the Eastern and the rest of the Western Church; and with this view it has become an avowed object to assimilate the Anglican service as much as possible to that of other Catholic Churches." Here is treachery!! The six illegal points of Ritual are thus mentioned. (Page 48.) " The great reason for the Eastward position is a doctrinal one. In the Holy Eucharist a priest offers a sacrifice upon an altar." (Page 52.) Altar "lights, being in themselves mysterious and wonderful, also symbolise the Holy Mysteries which take place in the Eucharist." "We imitate the Ritual of Heaven where there are seven lamps of fire burning before the throne of God where the Golden Altar stands." (Page 54.) " Vestments have been worn at Holy Communion from the days of the Apostles ; they are, in form and pattern, mere modifications of the old Jewish garments. There is every reason to believe that (the same) importance was attached to distinctive vestments by the Apostles and the early church. The great aim of these special vestments is to emphasize and adorn the Holy Communion as the great super-eminent act of Christian worship." (Page 59J " Wafer bread is used to guard against the dropping of crumbs" (a catastrophe of alarming import to the priest). . (Page GO.) "The Mixed Chalice symbolises the mingled blood and water which flowed from His side upon the cross. (Page 60.) Incense. " No Catholic practice con- fers more dignity and impressiveness upon Divine worship than the use of incense. The Catholic Church has always made use of incense in its wor- ship as a beautiful symbol of prayer." (Page 73.) Bowing. " We bow towards the altar as towards the throne of our Heavenly King. We bow the knee until it touches the ground before the Holy Sacrament, in adoration of the Lamb that was slain, verily and indeed present with us. Christ in the Eucharist is to be adored with Divine worship, inasmuch as His living and glorified body is present therein." (The really absent is there- fore actually present.) (Page 69). Crossing. "'At the sign of triumph Satan's host doth flee ' (Is a " flee-devil " remedy an exorcism of Pagan origin ?) " has been the ex- perience of thousands of God's people. The use of the hands in a direct act of worship renders it almost impossible that they should be employed in ministering to evil. The sign of the cross is made from the forehead to the breast and from the left to the right shoulder. The thumb of the right hand, or the middle finger, or the three middle fingers may be used." (The little finger is evi- dently very incorrect. Why ? I cannot say.) (Page 74.) Turning to the East (is a survival of Pagan sun worship, the oldest Ritual.) " We turn to the East to show our veneration for the Holy Trinity, the coming of Christ the Light of the World, and the Sun of Righteousness." (Page 75.) Standing at Processions. " We stand at the processional entry or exit of the clergy out of respect to their office." (It magnifies the priest. Some years ago the Princess of Wales entered a ritualistic London Church : it was just before the service commenced, and the people rose out of re spest to the future Queen, but a young priest stepped forward and rebuked them, as to rise in church was reserved for the priests only.) (Page 78.) "The first Protestant of all was the devil. The first non-Catholic and anti-Ritualist was Judas. Protestantism springs altogether from the refusal of man's perverser nature . . . from the desire of selfish, indolent, and conceited people to serve out an easy religion unto them- selves." (Page 79.) '''Most aggressive Protestants are en- tirely ignorant of early Church history," (Page 80.) Popery. (This is charming self assumption) " Nowhere in the Church of England are the errors and heresies of Rome so continually and effectually held up to condemnation as in the pulpits of the ' High Church' School." (Page 80.) Roman Doctrine. (The Ritualists purposely quibble here.) "The distinctive points of doctrine and discipline are Transubstantia tion; the refusal of the Chalice to the laity; the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary; the Supremacy and Infallibility of the Pope. Not a single one of these is ever preached from the pulpits of the High Church clergy or symbolized by their ritual." (Yet the English Church Union are pledged by the President to acknowledge the Pope as the Head Bishop of Christendom.) Catholic practices are the following, held by Greeks and Romans, viz.:-"Tho Real Presence, the Sacrifice of the Mass, the Elevation of the Host, the Adoration of Christ in the Sacrament, Auricular Confession, the Use of the Crucifix, Vestments, Incense, the Sign of the Cross, &c.; These existed in the church long before the division of the Eastern and Western branch»--. The Romanists have retained all these things ; we once gave them up. That is all : so much tho worse for ourselves. It would conduce to the glory of God to resume them again as speedily as possible." (What says Canon Tyrrell to this view of the Reformation ?) Mass " is simply the common Catholic name for the Holy Eucharist. All that is necessary for the celebration of the Mass is that a lawful minister use the words and gestures of Christ over the bread and wine." (Cranmer, Ridley, and Latimer were burnt in vain, if this be true.) "All tho most learned theologians are High Churchmen. Christ said ' offer this in remembrance of Me.' " (The word " offer" is not in the Bible, but " do this" is ; but then these learned theologians mis-translate the Bible because they aro High Churchmen.) (Page 93.) Public Worship. "The primary ob- ject in going to church should be the ' Worship of God.' . . Trooping out of church after the Church Militant prayer is nothing shortof an insult to Almighty God-just when the most solemn part of the service begins, and when we know that He is about to be present with us in an especial manner." (Protestants know that He is really absent.) (Page 94.) "The frequency with which any one should receive Holy Communion depends up the state of their souls, bit it is quite different as to our being present at the celebration." (Non-com- municating attendance is forbidden.) " Our church prescribes actual communion three times a-year ; .endeavour to attend frequently the daily services, if possible early celebrations. (How Jesuitical is this actual gloss.) When you communicate, always do so at early celebrations, and be sure that under no circumstances you break the ancient rule of the church as to fasting communion. If you are really desirous of venerating tbe Blessed Sacrament you will be jealously careful that no other food shall pass your lips before eleven. The rule of the church is considered to be properly kept, when the fast has lasted from midnight, and is not broken for a quarter of an hour or so after the conclusion of the office." (Pige 96.) " Endeavour by your reverence to set an example to those around you. It is best to conform as far as may be to the customs of the place. If you think you can set the congregation an example of greater reverence, do so." (Now we know why stray ritualists attend to poison, by their example, a congregation.) (Page 97.) " If you do not use a book of devotions get at once the ' Treasury of Devotion,' or ' The English Catholic's Vade-Mecum,' or the ' Euchar- istie Manual,' or ' Steps to the Altar.' " (No wonder some of the above are kept in stock at the Morpeth Book Depot. They help to carry the false doctrines of the Catechisms into practice.) " When you enter a church bow your head, or sign yourself with a cross out of reverence to God's Holy San«, tuary (that portion containing the altar.) Bow reverently towards the altar before entering the pew : if a woman, curtsey. If you have to cross the centre aisle again or pass before the altar at all do the same."_ (The altar is a table of stone or wood upon which the Christian sacrifice is offered.) (Page 98.) " Not a familiar nod, but slightly in- cline your head or bend your knee. Arrange your kneeler, kneel down, make the sign of the cross, and say a short prayer. No one would ever think of crouching upon a chair while making a petition to an earthly monarch, or of standing erect with his nose in his hat." (Page 101-102.) "When on Sunday morning about half-past twelve you may be engaged at that solemn hour in cooking or other household duties, lay down your implement, .cross yourself, or make the" (as quoted) " act of spiritual com- munion, and you will do your work ten times better afterwards." (The Church of England knows nothing of spiritual communion, nor aro cooks ten times better when they hear the JSanciws bell ring.) (Page 103.) " When engaged in the solemn task of beautifying the place of His sanctuary, in the chancel and within the altar rail especially, should reverence be shown. The rule is a good one not to allow any within tho chancel gates unless vested in cassock and sanctuary shoeB." (Page 101.) " If we cannot answer such a ques- tion os-Is the sanctuary of our Church fitted up in a style more paltry than that of our own drawing rooms? are we content to receive the Precious Blood out of a chalice of cheap or plated metal P we are depriving of its reality and touth the out- ward honour shown to God through the ritual of His church. The Liturgy or Office for the Celebration of the Holy Eucharist is directed to be performed as fol- lows : (Page 105.) "It is absolutely certain'that the Apostles celebrated it from the first with a con- siderable amount of ritual preciseness." (Page 65.) " There is every reason (?) to believe that like the rich and costly materials of the Aaronic vestments, the Apostles attached a similar importance to distinctive vestments." (Page 106.) "The Apostles were not restricted to our Lord's words and acts without any addition or development. Christ settled the principles upon which His Church was to be founded, but the de- tails were left to the Apostles under the guidance of human prudence and the Holy Spirit. The Liturgy was not established all at once. The earliest ritual writer, St. Proclus, lived A.D. 434 (only 400 years after Christ). Every bishop had authority to settle the ritual of his diocese." (Page 107.) ".Why no primitive MSS. of Liturgies are known to exist is because the office was recited from memory, as it was a crime to let the bookB pass into heathen hands." ! (Page 110.) " The Apostles (probably) composed Liturgies under the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, and our Service of the Mass ... (as derived from those ancient Liturgies) must be considered as of a divine nature." (Pago 112.) Low Celebrations are thus defined. " They take place on week days, feasts, and early Sunday mornings ; the celebrant is unassisted, ex- cept by a server, and there is no choir." " Choral Celebrations take place at mid-days on Sunday and ordinary Saints' Days, and there ia a choir, hymns, and more ceremonial than at ' Lows.' " " High Celebrations are reserved for greater fes- tivals. The following are required, viz. :-The Celebrant, Gospeller, and Epistoller, with elaborate music ; more ceremonial, more altar lights, incense and banners in the procession." (Page 113.) "Chorals and Highs are not intended for the communion of the people, only invalids and the aged when compelled by necessity, for nothing is worse than to see strong able-bodied persons of either sex making their communions at High Ser- vice." (Why? Because they don't fast.) "Unless you arrive in church before the Gospel do not com- municate, for it takes seven minutes to concentrate your mind properly for the Holy Mysteries. Kneel down, cross yourself, open the book of devotions, and stand up when the procession enters." A Simple Procession is as follows:-(1) Cross bearer, (2) Choir-boys, men, (3) Preacher, (4) In- cumbent as celebrant. The vessels are carried in at Lows, but not at HighB. At Highs (1) cross-bearer, (2) candlebearera, (3) thurifer or incense swinger, (4) acolyte with in- cense boat, (5) sub-deacon, (6) deacon, (7) celebrant, (8) choir-boys, men, (9) non-officiating clergy. All start from chancel, down south aisle and up. During penitential seasons they go the reverse way. The cross-bearer steps it out according to the hymn, so as to let the singing finish as the choir get to their stalls (with practice, clockwork accuracy is acquired). Page 114.-The celebrant is vested in alb, girdle, amice, maniple, stole, and chasuble, the stole being worn crossed over the breast with the ends tucked in the girdle. At Lows the celebrant carries the altar vessels, viz. : Chalice, purificator, paten, pall burse, and over all the silk chalice veil of the colour of the season. (The colours seem to vary in every Catholic (?) Church.) The server or acolyte carries the bread, wine, and water to the priest from the credence. At Highs the celebrant does not carry anything, and at the altar-steps he takes off his biretta and hands it to the server or deacon ; but the deacon and subdeacon remove theirs on entering the chancel. . The Ceremony of the Mass.-The altar is now censed during the Introit: First at the (page 1) middle, 2nd south, 3rd north (ends), and 4th the celebrant. The Lord's Prayer and Amen must not be repeated by the people. (Illegal, for the Lord's Prayer is always to be said by the people.) At Lows the two collecta ai« said inaudibly. ' (Page HS.) At the responses the people repeat the response to the commandment with special em- phasis which relates to the individual's besetting sin. (If you listen you know your neighbours' weakness.) At Lows remain on your knees during the Epistle. At Chorals be seated during the Epistle. (Page 116.) Cross yourself as soon as the Gospel is announced, first on the forehead, then on the breast. The Gospel Book is censed. When the Gospel is concluded, cross all over again. (Page 117.) At Nicene Creed the priest sings from the middle of the altar. You must bow at "Jesus," bow at "Incarnate," and keep on down till "also for us," when you rise, bow at "wor- shipped," cross at end. At invocation to the sermon, cross. The preacher takes off his outer vestment and lays it on the altar before entering the pulpit, but does not do so if the sermon be preached from the altar steps (for he is then in his sacrificial vestment by the altar). At Chorals stand during offertory. (Page 118.) At Lows, kneel after putting the alms into the bag, and make prayers with special intentions at this time. After offering the Elements to the Table, the Priest washes his fingers and repeats a private prayer to himself. The alms are received by the server, handed to celebrant, laid on Altar for a moment, and removed to the Credence table. (Nothing is placed on the Altar save the consecrated bread ond wine only, not even the extra quantities.) The Priest himself now censes the oblations or Elements (not the alms.) The Deacon censes the Priest, the Thurifer censes the Deacon and Sub Deacon with two double swings of the censer each ; then the Acolyte and candle-bearers with one swing each, then the clergy in the choir, next the men, boys, and congregation, at which they all bow. (One swing of the pot does for the people.) (Page 120.) During the prayer for the Church Militant, privately intercede for the re-union of the Roman, Greek, and Anglican Churches, the speedy conversion of dissenters and the heathen. When the faithful departed are mentioned, think of somebody dead or of the Saint of the day, and pray that they may rest in peace. (It is here doubted inferentially if the Saint of the day is in peace.) (Page 121.) After the General Confession, meekly bow your head to receive absolution, and cross yourself. (Now your sins are all forgiven, and you are ready for the Mass.) ("Page 121.) At the "Comfortable Words" the priest extends his hands (when singing away) turning to the altar at the words " It is very meet" At the Sanctus bow and cross yourself. The Prayer of Humble Access the Priest says very low, and if he pauses, use your private manual (so as to vividly impress your imagination for the coming miracle). During the " Manual Acts" the Priest elevates the Bread and Wine separately after consecration, first to formally offer it to God, next to say to the people-" Behold the Lamb of God." This is the Elevation of the Host or Victim (for the idolatrous worship of all present). The most solemn part has now arrived, " The one full and sufficient oblation for the sins of the whole world is being continued upon the altar. Strive for faith to see before you under the Sacramental veils His most precious Body and Blood and bow down and worship Him in adoration." (Page 123.) Now supplicate Heaven with impor- tunity for the particular intention of this Eucharist. "How shall we not prevail with God when that awful sacrifice lies displayed." (Page 124.) The Sanctus Bell is rung immediately upon consecration to summon the people to " Adore their Lord, now mystically present upon the altar." (What gross idolatry of a piece of bread !) The Agnus Dei or Hymn of Worship to the Host is now sung, and other hymns of adoration offered. (See the gross hymns in Ancient and Modern, and still worse in the Manuals.) After a pause for his private prayers the Priest communicates standing, because of his priestly office as a part of the sacrificial action, which is not complete unless the Priest eats or consumes, and he whispers to himself inaudibly. (The Priest pre- tends he is Christ eating himself.) Duplicating or the celebrant partaking twice in one day is a necessity to which the assistant clergy are not bound. The aotual oommunion now begins-(1) The clergy (2) the server (3) the choir (4) clerics (6) the laymen (6) the women, beginning at the south end of the rail, because the north is symbolical of ungodliness and heathenism. (The whole ceremony is still moro so. Now, here comes a pretty compli- ment to the ladies.) If you are a woman be sure all the men have gone first before yon rise from your knees, then form line in the chancel, kneeling of course. (A Jewish survival. In the Synagogues the women are divided off.) (Page 126). Remember the Blessed Sacrament is now present. Genuflect till your knee touches the ground, and range yourself at the rail. Cross yourself, place your left hand open under your right, and to receive the species of bread with bare hands. On no account take the wafer with your fingers. Do not bend down or extend your arms but keep your body erect, the head only being bowed. (This is to insure no accident in spilling I the crumbs or wjne.) I (Page 127). The Priest now delivers the sacra ¡ ment: the Deacon sometimes administers the cup, but he is forbidden by canon law to give the bread. Convey it at once to your mouth. In receiving the cup be very careful lest you should spill it or let it fall. Lift your head when the Priest come to you : grasp the chalice with both hands, take two or three drops, and hand it back very careful. . . . St. Cyril, A.D., 386, recommends these instructions as the method of the early Christians. (Page 128). Rise, do not genuflect in the aisle, as it is of doubtful propriety because carrying the Blessed Sacrament inside you it is forbidden to take any notice of it. Kneel down and say, "Jesu, Gentlest Savour, thou art in us now." (Page 129.) It is awkward to suddenly wheel round and genuflect into your neighbour's waist- coat when going to and entering your seat. (Very awkward !) If you cross the church, always genu- flect, and not simply bow to the altar until after the ablutions. (God is actually present till then, wherefore genuflect.) If you non-communicate, make a spiritual act, as provided in your manual. (What is this ?) At Highs sing the " Glory be to Thee" standing. At Lows kneeling. Bow at " We worship Thee," the Holy Name, and cross yourself at the end. Kneel down, bow your head, and cross when receiving the Benediction. (Page 130.) The Priest gives the pax and Blessing with all his fingers and thumb extended, taking care not to turn his back to the Holy Sacra- ment. (Page 131.) The Office being over, the celebrant consumes what is left of it (the species), and rinses the chalice two or three times with wine and water, which he drinks. These are the ablutions (and are illegal.) If the priest has to celebrate again that day he does not consume the ablutions, as it would break his fast. (Which would be very dreadful!) -At Lows the priest carries out the vessels, at Highs not so, as there is a procession, and on his way out he recites to him- self the first fourteen verses of St. John's Gospel. Do not hurry away, but remain ten minutes with your manual, then cross yourself, make a reverence towards the altar, and walk home alone in quiet meditation. This is the Ritualist's Mass, which cannot be dis» tinguished from the Mass of the Church of Rome, and differs very slightly from the Mass of the Greek Church. Upon the doctrine of the real presence of the Body of Christ in the Bread and Wine, and its worship with idolatrous adoration, is based the hope of "Re-union of Apostate Christendom." This terrible theory of religion (whereby the dead body and blood of the Lord of Life is to be eaten by Christians) is held by a section of the clergy and laity of the Church of England, who are determined to force all Protestants out of the Church of the Reformation. The pernicious doc- trine affects a very large proportion of the nominal church members, and has in many instances in- fected the "lukewarm" clergy who sympathize with " churchy-ism." The danger to our Protestant colony is great, because if the Church of England becomes ritualis- tic then the Anglicans and Romans will form an enormous anti-Protestant majority in the State, and reduce the Nonconformist bodies to a mere minority. Mr THOMPSON thanked the meeting for the kind and patient way in which he had been listened to, and he sincerely hoped now that the people under- stood perhaps better than they did before what I Ritualists aimed at, they would have such a revival of true Protestantism as would shake Ritualism to the very foundation. (Cheers.) It was agreed that the reading of the second paper should be deferred till a future meeting. The PRESIDENT hoped that the paper which had been read would be printed in order that it might reach and be read by those who were not present that night. (Hear, hear.) And he was perfectly sure that it would incite interest in the paper to bo read on a futuro occasion. He hoped that they would not separate without moving a vote of thanks to Mr. Thompson for his excellent reading of the valuable paper. It was hard to believe that they had a clergyman of the Church of England, the Rev. Canon Tyrrell, who declared that he owed to the book which had been depicted in the paper, nany of the thoughts which appealed in ? his monthly magazine, and to recommend that it be read. (Hear, hear.) tn addition to the points mentioned in the paper, there was another which might he referred to-the division of the sexes in church. Had it come to this that their social life was to be divided ? He hoped and trusted that fathers and mothers would see it to be their duty to be true to the Church for which their forefathers bled and died. He would ask them to give some support and aid to the few who were upholding the caupo of true religion, and to show that there was sufficient true Protestantism in the country to crush out practices which led to idolatry and superstition. (Cheers.) Mr. JOHN PEARSE said that in his youth he was brought up a member of the Church of England, and he must say that if what he had heard and read were true-and he had no reason to doubt it -if he found himself in one of the places of wor- ship such as had been described he would feel lost, for it waa altogether different to the system of wor- ship which he had been accustomed to. (Hear, hear.) He moved that the thanks of the meeting be conveyed to Mr. Thompson for the paper he had read that night. He looked upon this question as one of great importance, more so than the strike which they all so mach deplored. But the strike was only of a temporary character, but this pernicious system of ritualism was a matter that affected their children, and would affect generations yet unborn. If only half what he read and heard was true on this question, and he had no cause to doubt it, the sooner the evil was checked the better it would be for them. (Cheers.) The motion was carried with acclamation. Mr. THOMPSON, in the course of his response, said the matter was one which he could not speak of with any degree of patience. For years back the matter had been tormenting and irritating him* If there was one thing which touched a man to the vitals of his soul it was when his religious belief was attacked and made light or tomfoolery of. (Hear, hear.) He believed the idea of ritualists waB to get rid of the Protestant Church of Eng- land. It might be that some of his utterances on this question both publicly and privately gave offence to some. He could not help that: when he felt it to be his duty to come forward he would do it at all hazards and at any peril. (Cheers.) He hoped that when a vote of thanks was proposed to the gentleman who had prepared the paper they would respond even ten times more hearty than they did when thanks were proposed to himself. Mr. J. G. CHAPMAN moved "That the secretaries of the Church Defence Association be requested to convey to Mr. F. B. Kyngdon the appreciation of the meeting of the paper prepared by him and so ably read by Mr. Thompson." Like all institutions and all seekers after truth, the association had many difficulties to contend with-difficulties arising from those who sneered at religion, from those who were so selfish and were afraid their business would suffer, having no faith in Divine Providence. The noble band which were carrying on the warfare had therefore many difficulties to encounter, and the work gave them much anxious thought. They wanted help from the thoughtful, and he would like to Bee them come forward, join the ranks and assist in the battle. (Hear, hear.) They had no other interest to serve but the wel- fare of the people. They had seen the system which they were endeavouring to check going on for years, but lately it had been more rapid and they were trying to put it down. "The Congregation in Church" recommended the reading of "The Treasury of Devotion." The one book gave all the ritualistic practices, and the other all the doctrine, so that in the two they had Roman Catholicism pure and simple. It had been mentioned that Canon Tyrrell quoted from "The Congregation in Church." He had read the magazine and saw there an acknowledgment by the Canon that for some of .the thoughts contained in the paper he was indebted to the book in question He asked them to accord a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. Kyngdon. The Association had a lot of work to do, and it could not detail one of the com- mittee to hold an inquest as it were on the book, and Mr. Kyngdon kindly undertook the work. The motion was seconded by Mr. THOMPSON, and carried unanimously. Mr. CHAPMAN announced that the Rev. JoBb.ua Hargraves, of St. David's Church, Surry Hills, would lecture in connection with the Association at West Maitland on Wednesday, the 19th September. The proceedings ended with the benediction. 