TEE MAN IN THE STREET. . The street -..'yields.-'.rery little gossip of late, and even' Borough Council, -aflairs'•• are quieBcentj for'.thcra does not appear to ba a particle of . interest taken in the election for the much neglected North Ward, I see .that somp sanguine :people anticipate that there will be a heavy poll taken, but I am "exceedingly doubtful about it, for .between you and I; 'the inhabitants of that particular portion of Flooding Craek don't . care : the toss up of a braes farthing who they, return, for they liave been out of most of the good things going so long that they are"used to the co}d 'shoulder i. It would appear that! was wrong in ascribing, to Cr Jensen' a desire to keep a seat warm for " Bob, " for he has decided to stick to it on his own account, arid has: probably made up" hie' mind this time, though it must be confessed, thiitit took-a very great dual of making -up. But'a chance shot, may kill the enemy of mankind, and it appears that the mark waa hit by the: reference t» Mr Waters': unaccountablo dilatorineas iii resigning after he had: left the .town, I invited the curious to interview the ex-Mayor on the subject, and; it nbw appears that that gentleman had Or Waters' 'resignation in his pocket all the time, and kept it "for some; ulterior . purpose or other—Heaven knows.; .what—for .six weeks.' I 'suppose this will beset down as another "lie, "'but - if "tho resignation itself ,is inspected, as it may be, by any .ratepayer,- tho ialtered date, will tell its own tale. However, if it waa meant to choke Cherry off the Beat,-I don't think it will have the desired effect. . .'i;"";. This Newcastle strike is a serious thing, and people are beginning to furbish iii> their old lamps, for in a week or two the gas supply : will.be cut off unless some lucky fortune intervene. If there is anything in the newSanschieil light of any good, now is the time for it todisplay its "peouliar' powers, arid I notice that'a journal .published in . a .-border town strongly urges the council, not to go in for gas, but to await developments, ' The writer takes it for granted that the 'light .is a siiccess or the promoters would ' never pay " for a whole page of tho Arput." It has been suggosted that in the meanwhile Sale could get a quantity of "gas" from Traralgon, where there is generally to be foiind a" plentiful supply I Sydney, the abode of loyalty, the despatcher of a contingarit to ;aid -tbe'British army in Egypt ; Sydney, the home of Plain BilJ, has evidently gone back in its allegiance to Her Most Gracious Majesty, The : authorities have recently produced ;a: series of jubilee postage stamps, arid instead of decorating^ them'.with the profilo of HIM., they have selected a view of "our beautiful, harbour." Well, the - latest'counterfoil presentments of tho .Queen have been so wretchedly ugly that I am. not surprised that rsii opportunity was sought of getting away.from the responsibility of engraving yet another, and ; Now South Wales has :the precedent of WeBtern Australia, which prints a black swan upon its postage stamps by way of trade mark, just like the Borough of Sale I Touching jubilee matters, a home, paper" recently enlightened its readers as to one of the results of issuing a jubilee coinage. This is to lay up. in drawers,- cabinets," and what not, something like half-a-million of gold. Who has ever Been a J!5-piece; tendered in payment. Vet the mint issued £250,000 worth of £5-pieces. The coinage of £2rpieees amounted to the value of. £200,000; Who has seen one paid over » counter? Sovereigns and half-sovereigns will also be hoarded, because they were coined in the . jubilee year( and the journal in queBtioriie probably well within the truth when it says that half-a-million is thus hidden away. I wish it to bo distinctly "understood that I have not stowed away any five-pound, twopound, one-pound, or even ten-bob-pieoes, for the vary best of reasons. It is astoniBliing what ari unequal division of riches .there is in this" world. - Zola is, a, great. man, and .Jlie books are admirable'reading .for the youngof both sexes; so admirable, indeed, that the English people, being jealous of hie superior style, are about to.hunt them out of the British Isles,"and are actually, prosecuting .people who sell them,! Victoria being more enlightened, permits them to bo sold' at every railway book stall, to the great edification of the population. But it is riot with M. Zola's books, but his opinions,. I hav» to, deal.' The: following telegram ap. peared in: a recerit issue of tho Daily ielegripli of all other papers:—"In course of an interview with a representative of the Pall Mall Gazette, Emile Zola, the French writer, stated: that ha regarded marriage as ari old and faulty institution.'" Now if this is the Bortof stuff thought- worthy by Reuter of cabling from the old country, the sooner the earthquake' at Banjoewangio ~j?ets to . work, again ;and; smashes up the cable the better. Who on earth cares what Zola thinks ,^>f marriage, or pays any attention to tho opinions of a man; who, by bis publications," has steeped himBelf in as 'much, infamy as the vendors of obscene photographs or any of :the other scum of modern society. I note that Sale is not the only place .where the wandering animal nuisance prepaid. The •town bf JesBup in .Georgia, is being. convulsed; by a crusade against .goats. The following is frorii:;th6,'toimei;bf that' place:—"We still advertiBe for thirty or" forty gbod fighting billy-g.oatis, We want thairi. to butt our town council 'There must.ba tackling done. Our. city fathers won't tackle the goats, then let the goats tackle them. One or the other must reign* ;There is not room in- our. town, for, the council .'arid the goats too." . For goats, read cows, arid " them's my sentiments;" " Poetry is a very good thing iri moderation, but it does riot flourish in South Gippsland.- Yet the population in those parts are always breaking forth into Bong, and I have already given one or two touching lyrics to the public. 'Cauliflower tops" will not have been forgotten, and I had a poem called "The Bright jSarfaoan,'' which knocked spots out of Wordsworth, Another South Giopslanderhas beon at it, but'instead. of confidiog his verses to his local paper; he has sent them to o Melbourne paper, which of course won't print them, (Jealousy again.) But it givos a line or two froin which the character of the martial composition may ba interred. It is to be presumed that the '"poetry" has been composed by a member.of the .Mounted Rifles who was present at the opening of the. Exhibition; " ; ; ".,: ; ;' "J&i; eighteen,hundrod and olglity-oight.... "*v?hoa'wofceartli6 rotttutogun, Soldigra, we T7iU have some ftm— TTitii bright steel mats the tnomy rim., : Then wo'llglvonlLoaiiycheor. -- ; To wclcomo all nations here. "Melbourne stTcota are very thronged, . Bill our.soWiem -main atog : Ip columns deep and thousands strong : "When they^alt. tbej fflvo a coogh. v. - • - Then fctreoeheore for Ledy Loch: , ; ' .' 1 am induced to print the foregoing fragment in tho hope of some day getting hold of tho entire poem. By thb way, tho manner in which the Exhibition bars were ruehed after the cororaony, caste a doubt iipon the truth of thsishirdline oboveprinted, ' A brnce 'of v.very geriial new chums visited Sola the othei" day. la queGfc of oporfc, Thay brou(»ht with thorn an entire ormbnry; of 1 guns end ammunition, enough to last out aaiege." Thoy drove out into tha country, and blazed missy to their heart's content, returning home d-sna tired and knocked up, with a bar? eonsisting ol one .water-; hen and one wallaby;, Being . interviewed.' -during , she; evening tho question was put:which, of you bowled over iua. wallaby? " to whicn the Bontleman edfcaeted, who wac getiing outside of bottle of Foster as fast aa possiblB, replied "How!if tfcbb—blus plumaged Bird Jo tho f7ah—welleb? i did I" It would have been too cruel to nndecoiro, him for ho evidently looked upoatho osnievranent with pnde, and I date cry to \7iH feeqneatls" recall too feat he nerforcaed when he V ohot the wallaby in Gippal-.aii doct-ch«r-know!" .- 1 uocontly . SMEO: . acrono • o etory- • in « Kew, Coafa Wclco paper published el Uubbo, which amused me ec much thot Scanoot forbosr trauscnbing it for tho benafit of ay readers. A prisoner was tried Cor otealing a horse, BO uncommon occurrence in thoco parts srhare horses are regarded as a' aort of eaay end Accessible! property, : and onlves 'belong 4o anyone who chooses ,to brand them, fflic oouaBelfepraBButea the prisoner as Qu ianooerit man, the hope- of a respectable icsmily, vV'Qsntiemen " uaid lio m condusion; " eonvict my client. and' over him .wilI'-weep'B lovmg molher, o fond Bister, and an admiring, father," : She jury.- were hardhearted enoughto disregardrthia appeal,rand fonnd ,.the anftn' lmhtod with the vordict; turned .up bin sleeves. Bhd commenced the Bentonce with all: the . sent of a gourmand operating ; on :a lueplouo dish. , He lectured tho.prisoper.io the, approved judiolal Btyle, and:wound j.up , as fol-: lows,;—'' Prisoner, the sentence oMha i,court iiB tliRt you ,b6 hept m penal; samtude. for- five yoars, * When you get to Dariinghurst you will meet yojir loving mother, who.-is Berring ason- ! Jtenosi-for ..'sheep istealing.f iWhejivyou 'get;to: ®erTim%,ypu^iU:.meBt?^our::AdiniFingffather,ii whoihoabeen.oonyioted'rof.burglnryj-anasthen,; tl yUU ADUM bo trannfnrrild to BathUrtt, yOU- Will have tha advantage of seeing "your fond? »iBt»r whb has been found guilty of infanticide : 1 dontthink, prisoner, ^ny oftliem wiil have; much inclination to weep over you " I am told, and from certain ancient experiences, lean well Jbeliare the statement, thut ,the Centennial vExhibjtion is a -refuge for de»4-hesds, who may ba found in. everyuo'ok' nnd ccrnar pf the palace in Carltcn gardeas.: All eorig jaoa con&tioae; of -men get passes,° and evan thone who are well able to pay aro: at jnfinito patoe to piocuro free admission/ Why this should be so, is one of those things? Which ho -follow can understand I once- ^'boaoBd' a theatre myeelf-for eomabody else—and I well remember the amusement i pot out oi a lot of prowlers, who ghosted *oun<S after "order* » There must be some! ("ori -of fascination tabput gattaug -into »jjhosjS Itca, considering pains *nd expBnse people mil brat-to compasS that -end I.haro known! inep Jo about a boftle of fizz oonl tent to cwry a three bob paBs;" but I itKvo also known others who would (attempt to get in on fhejjheap by trying thos affect of a sixpenny whisky on a doorkeeper, : To return -to "tbaMCtartennial, however, -that; was i. brilliant idea of the Staw lH3inre Coup-: ciWo met free passes for all municipal council lors. anda still mora brilliant conception to ssadsountl circulars to-the ptberCTuncils, ask lag their «id in the matter The first time it «came imder iny notice was <in ^sonbeetron with ^BAvonfihiiB, -'whan I greatly admiradt^e stand made ^y^GrsKaiy^nd £ am only ^orry* 1 Apmtytf a «M»t^n6ny,5t)f(Jho caunffiis ofihb' -colonyJwVejBniShemsBlMSB ioW%fading^ that time. But "bribed .now ! Poriah the thought ! Thari.:is not a man in the House whoso motives are not pure, and whose nature is not incorruptible, and,who, would not strike to the earth tha man who offered him "tip." .And yet; by Heaven." same of them are making .fortunes' ; 'at a' rate ' which their modest hotwrarimi'./ bf; £800. a year. doBB not isooii : sufficient to account for. Itthie is a breach of •Parliamentary privilege; I «hall be happy to attend at the bar ofithb House aridfexplain Ait., I am pining for! a trip :to Melbourne, at somebody's expense, and whyinot at the. expanse'of a paternal government. By tho way while talking of Admiral Field and his dirty insinuations, it ie comical to read .that'oiir friend Billy ,Redmond wanted to deny the aasortion that Australian ' statesmen' took tip, but was summarily.sqiielchad by the chairman. • Billy •arid his brother Johnny have - since';.gone to ftaol for conspiracy in connection with, "certain, lund.rackets in the ould sod, I wonder if they like it as well 'as makirigtriumphal processions in Sale and ; 'suoh like places, and scooping • in the "greed." '.•'"'' . . .. ' ,-.--', CRABSTIOK. 