COUNTRY INTELLIGENCE. i (FRnor Our OWN CORRESPONDENT. BJEACONSFIELD. On Thursday, at the Police Court, before fefsers. W. H. Glover, V.M., and Adye Douglas, J.P., some twelve adjourned vaccination cases were dealt with, and the law having been complied with by the parents getting their children vaccinated, withdrawals resulted. Twenty-four new informations for the same offence were gone into, the majority of which were adjourned for one month, in order to enable tie parents to comply with tile law. In a few cases defendants failed to appear, and were fined £1. (Mr. T. G. Williams, J.P., here took his seat on the bench.) George Coker, charged by the Sub-Inspector of Police with having allowed a horse to stray in Weld-street, did not appear, and the case was heard ex parte. The police gave evidence proving the charge, and this being a second offence defendant was fined 5s and 8s 6d costs. Wm. Worthy was brought up on warrant charged with larceny as a bailee for having sold a horse to August J.Tnsen, then selliigs the same horse to a second person. The usual questions having been put to defen- c dant, lie elected to be tried by the bench, and, pleading guilty, was sentenced to 12 months with hard labour. The same f person was then charged with larceny as a balloe in selling a saddle and bridle, the property of another man. Prisoner again pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to six months' imprisonment with a hard labour, to commence at the f conclusion of the first sentence Tile following are the circumstanced connected a with the above two peculiar cases:- k Worthy bought a horse from one Ptmoreo on a bill. He then sold the horse to C August Jensen, who paid £3 on s account, but not wanting the horse at that particulnr time Jenson allowed 0 Worthy to take it away on the understand- a ing that he (Worthy) was to deliver up the - horse to him at any time on demand. Worthy then bought a saddle and bridle from a man named Mackintosh, and shortly after rode to Launceston and sold the I horse to one man, and the saddle and bridle to another, and decamped'to Victoria. D An inqueston the body of the late Mrs. 1 James Hlinds was held at the Club Hotel on Tlhursday afternioon, before the Coroner (Mr. W. H. Glover) and a jury. A post d soorenl was ordered, which was dulyper formed by Dr. Mathieson. The doctor's a verdict was that heart disease was the i cause of death, and the jury returned a I verdict of " Died from natural causes." The funeral took place the same after noon. Tile monthly mdeting of the Board of Advice lapsed on Friday for want of at quorum, the chairman being the only t member present. Mr. George Lockwood, the contractor, ( has completed the sludge channel under Weld-street, and has made an excellent I job of it. IIe is now engaged in Weld- C street from the Tasmania No. 1 tram to wards the Duke of Edinburgh Hotel. The I bill hero is being cut down, and the dirt t taken therefrom deposited lower down the street Im order to improve the grade, and 1 good metal is being laid on, which will be i a decided improvement. Great complaints are still made regard- I ing the continual endangered state of a Beauty Point Jetty. People are beginning to ask themselves the question-" Is the Narine Board defunct, or have all the wardens gone to the Centennial Exhibi tion ?" Some empty-headed individual has been t playing the fool for some time past by impersonating a ghost. He has made his appearance in several parts of the town, and it is to be hoped that ere long be will t make his appearance at the Court House, where, no doubt, he will reap his re ward. f Mr. Harry Conway, .II.A., met his - Benounsfield constituents last night in the f Oddfellows' Hall. There was a good atten dance, and Mr. T. G. Williams, J.P., was c unanimously voted to the chair. The t chairman introduced the business of the meeting, which was the consideration of the personalty tax, and the matter of Beaconsfield being declared a port of .entry. The chairman also stated that the honourable member would be happy to 1 reply to any questions put to him, and 0 then called on Mr. Conway to address the oneeting. Sr. Conway commenced his address by reviewing the present financial position of the colony, quoting largely from the Treasurer's Budget speech. He furnished voluminous statistics,and argued that the personalty tax was not required ; it was inquisitorial, most obnoxious in , every way, and would be very expensive 1 to collect. It would be better to wait and see the result of the new assessment, the returns for which were noty et in;whenu they were it might be found that not so much money would be required to make up our 1 deficit as was supposed. Land benefited I by the expenditure on public works, and land should suffer the increased*burden of taxation. Ministers should exorcise retrenchment, cut down the salaries of the Governor and Ministers. . There was room for retrenchment in the cost of the Defence Force. Offices could also be amalsamated, and in many ways navings could be effected. Let Ministers increase the land tsx and revise the tariff, and there would bh no necessity for the compli cated personalty" tax. After an exhaustive speech, Mr. Conway sat down amidst applause. Mr. Adyo Douglas, J.P., then Mnoved the following resoeltion, which was seconded by Mr. Woodman, and unani mously carried-" That the personalty tax is inquisitorial, burdensome, and too expensive to collect, and that this meeting thoroughly condemns the proposals,' Mr. Conway then explained what had been done regarding the matter of the port of entry, and said that no effort on his nirt would 'be spared to push the matter on, and lie hoped, to a successful issue. He would see that the petition sent in by the people was tabled and discussed. The collectors of Hobart and Launceston weore opposed to the scheme. and said it woulld lead to smuggling. This was a weak argument Dulck River and many smaller places than "Baconsoield enjoyed the privilege, and it was nbt found that smuggling was rncouraged. Benconsfield wais tlhe thid l' in Tasmania, and ihe had just learned that its population of June 30 of the pre sent year was 1837--this was for the town alone. hIincrs were large consumers of dutiable goods, more so than ordinary people, and they shbuld be considered. Iinisters were aliove to the interests iof Beaconsfield, and any reasonable sork would no doubt be attended to peomptly. Progress had already been made, as witness the Supreme Court, licensing district and bench, coroner, etc. Br. Peter Brown asked that a court of appeal be established at Beaconefield, and Urged good reasons why it should be. The hon. member promised to attend to the matter. Mr. T. V. Jrown said appeal and revision courts had been promised years ago when the hen, A. Douglas' was in Power, but nothiing had come of it. The matter of having Beaconsfield formed into a separate police district, with the Tamar an its east boundary, and ia eluding ralnkford, Winkleigh, ud Glen. ngary, was then discussed. Mfr. Williams explained his views on the matter, and what he had done towards getting an expression of opinion from the other districts interested. He had com I nuicated with Frankford, Winkleigh, and Glengary as to lpublio meetings, and objects desired. Frankford would hold its meet. it g sonthe llth inst. He had received no replies yet from the others. IMr. T. V. Brown said a petition, with same objects in view, was sent to Parliamnent a year or so ago, but it was quietly shelved. Mr. SConway said he would move for its produe tion. After MIr. T. V. Brown had moved I thel following, seconded by Mr. Godwin "That the petition regarding thp re defining the boundary of the district seat, 'lto theo Government some years since, be called for in the House"--some minor business brought a very successful meeting to a close. August 8. 