THE FROZEN 'PIRATE.* \- BY W. cLARKE RUSSELL, Auithor of 'The Wreck. of the Grosvenor,' ' The Lady eaud,' ' A. Sailor's Sweet * heart,' Etc. C~rxrEn XIV. (CooxnT ED.) I had made a great fire, and its light was strong, and there was also the light of the lantern; but the furnace flames played very lively, completely overmastering the steady illmnnation of the candle, dad the man's figure was alla-twitch with moving shadows, and a hundred fantastic shades seemed to -steal out of the side and bulkheads and dis a ppear .upon my terrified gaze. Then, fho?ght I, suppose after all that the maul .haulb be alive, the vitality in him set :. flowing by the heat? I minded myself of my own simile of the current checked by frost, yet retaining unimpaired.the principle of motion ; and getting my agitation under some small control, I approached the body on tiptoe and held tihe lanternto its face. He looked a man of sixty years of age ; his beard was grey and very long, and lay aupon his breast like a cloud of smoke. His eyes" were closed; the brows shaggy, and the dark scar of a sword-wound ran across ,is, ferehedd from the cornet of the left bye .ti thl top of the riglhtbroi. -His nose was 'oog and Booked, but the repose in his .countenanice, backed by the vague character of the light in which I inspected him, left his face almost expressionless. I was too much alarmed to put my car to his mouth to mark if he breathed, if indeed the noise of the burning fire would have permitted me to distinguish his respiration. I drew back from him, and put down the lantern and watched him. Thought I, it will not do to "believe there is anything supernatural here. Scan swear there is naught living in this ship, and am I to suppose, asasuming she is haunted, that a ghost, which I have always 'read and heard of as an essence, has in its shadowy being such quality of sttrcle as would enable it to tarts that heavy man over 'from his side on to his back ! No, no, :thought I ! depend upon it, either he is alive and Wmay presently come to himself, or else in someic wonderful way the fire in thawinug him has so wrought in his frozen fibres as to cause him to turn. Presently his left leg, that was slightly bent towards the furnace, stretched itself .out to its full length, and my ear caught a faint sound, as of a weak and melancholy sigh. Gracious heaven, thought I, he is alive ! and with less of terror than of pro found awe, now that I saw there ats nothing of a ghostly or preternatural cha- 1 racter in this business, I approached and t bent over him. IIs eyes were still shut, 1 and I could not hear that he breathed ; .there was not the faintest motion of respi ration in his breast nor stir in the hair, that I was now soft, about his mouth. Yet, so far ] as the light would suffer me to judge, there I was a complexion in his face such as could f .only come with flowing blood, however ' languid its circulation, and putting this and the sigh and the movenment of the leg i .together, I felt convinced that the man was c alive, and forthwith fell to work, very full it of awe and amazememnt to be sure, to help a nature that was struggling in him. My first step was to heat some brandy, t and whilst this was doing I pulled open his a .coat and freed his neck, fetching a coat from tl the cabin to serve as a pillow for his head. I e next removed his boots and laid bare his feet s (which were encased in no less than four it pairs of thick woollen stockings, so that I it thought when I came to the third pair I should find his legs made of stockmings), and is .after bathing his feet in hot water, of which a there was a kettleful, I rubbed them with tl hot brandy as hard as I could chafe. ' I then m 'dealt -with his hands in the like manner, rI "'aving once been shipmate with a seaman b .who told me he had seen a sailor brought to ic by severe rubbing of his extremeties after he y had been carried below supposed to be frozen f 'io death, and continued this exercise till I m could rub it no longer. Next I opened his lips, and, findinghewantcd some of his front it teeth, I very easily poured a dram of brandy sl into his mouth. Though I preserved my t1 astonishment all this whde, I soon dis- n 'overed myself working with enthusiasm, h with a most pasaionate longing indeed to II recover the man, not only because it pleased me to think of my being an instrument ? uander God of calling a human being, so to t .peak, out of his grave, but because I yearned for a companion, someone to address, to t1 lighten the hideous solitude ot my condition , and to assist me in planning our de- 6 liverance. I built up a great fire, and with much t 'trouble, for he was very heavy, disposed him a 'In such a manner before it that the heat was .reflected all over the front of him from his it •head to nis feet. I likewise continued to b .chafe his extremities, retmitting this work b only to rest, and finding that the brandy d -had stolen down his throat, I poured ti another dram in and then another, till I I "think hi had swallowed a pint. This went t1 aon.for an hour, during which time he never tl exhibited the least sign of life; but on a h sudden he sighed deep, a tremor ran through him, he sighed again and partly raised his a 'right hand, which fell to the deck with a blow; his lips twitched, and a small con vulsion of his face compelled the features, into the sinilitude of -a grin that instantly f faded; then he fetched a succession of sighs and opened his eyes full upon me. I was warm enough with my work, but -when I observed him looking at me I turned .of madeath-like cold, and felt the dew of an intolerable emotion wet -in the palms of my .hands. There was no speculation in his setare at first ; his eyes lay as coldly upon me as those of a fish ; but as life quickened f in him so his understanding awoke; he -elightly knitted his brows, and very slowly -'rlled his gaze off me to the furnace and so over as much of the cook- room-as was before him. He then started as if to stt up, bat Sfellback with a slight groan and looked at me again. SWhat is this ?' said he in -French, in a v-ery hollow feeble voice. - ',I ew eriough.of his language to enable m to knlmow 'he spokeji -French,-.but' that \- afill.- I could not speak a sjllable of that S You'll bffeeling better presently; yous must not expect your strength to come m a Sminnute' said I, taking my chance of his understanding me, and speaking that he might not think me a glhost, for I doubt not I-was as white as one ; since, to be plain, the meretalking to a figurethat I hadtocon sider as sheerly dead as anybody in a grave 3ard was alarming enough, and then again t Sthere was the sound of my owi 'voice, which Shad not exerted in speech for ages, as-it seemed to me. He faintly noddeithis head, by which I 'erchived he understood me, and said very aintly in Eungh, but with a true French accent, ' This is a hard bed, sir. i -' ltl t ay mend that,'" said I, and at once fet hed a mttress from the cabin next I mine; this I placed beside him, and dragged him on to it, heyvery weaklyassisting. I thesihr ht clothes .and:-rgs-tbooverhim w ?ithia'nd miadehim a high piiow,ah as ao lIay:elose'tb thefurnace he~condnst-v I Seen sanggerh hdo hate'a wi e to tuck him n? P hin d own6bed ., _ ?:.:. ;,--." 'r-teat, far . f'eI a?"ii "I hiC·roi-sfrtk miracle, and I trembled as a.man would who =nn s e-iome prodigy of his owncreation.. It ?ss yetto 3be leint hde. ling hif had been fnhhiicenuditioit; hi.t :I was perftly sure -e hil formed one 'of th~schaoner' people5 ...l.e.glhad ceksl her to have'been her upwads of flftyyeas,- the notion ofsthat hha ving lain toirpid for half a century ma ndgei r a peretual. spellf astonish-' \- ent; bat tlhere was- no meos irrorror in me. -mor'frfght.-- HTe foIowed aie'.'abot with his' je bntdaidnot offr' to spdak; perhppshe eoihd'not.1'pnt a' lump etiee into thid 5i;i:bn-hinia Mth iuai himn is int of stessis insd pic hiiwhh-e, h I -a dato his -ips in, u-ia.Tnsa. a t ailatlsp- it _. aBut hlsl- wlh-ie enhiiepthista ?sigh set oitj istmnsct -d; V a-s ritaingsi g ai- d tha'bandy eaetied - bir sfslaimapsgfuitwiiihi&sltir.; and as I guessed his stomach, after so pro digious a fast, would be too weak to support such solids as beef, or pork, or bacon, I mused a little, turning over in my mind the contents of the larder (as I call it), all which time he eyed me with bewilderment growing in hisface; and I then thought I could not do better than manufacture him a broth of oatmeal, wine, bruised biscuit, and a piece of tongue minced very smalh. SThis did not take me long in doing, the Stongue being near the furnace and soft ' enough for the knife, and there was nothing rto melt but the wine. When the broth was s ready I kneeled as before and fed him. He ategreedily, and when the brothwas gone looked as if he would have been glad for more. 'Now, sir,' says I, ' sleep if you can ;' with which he turned his head and in a few minutes was sound asleep, breathing regu larly and deeply. C.rrsn XV.-TuE nfATE's STonY. It was now time to think of myself. The watch showed the hour to bo after six. Whilst my supper was preparing I went on deck to close the hatches to keep the cold out of the ship, and found the weather changed, the wind having shifted directly into the west, whence it was blowing with a good deal of violenceopo4 , the peaks and among the rocks with a singular clanking noise in its crying, as though it brought with it the echo of thousands of bells pealiag in some great city behind the sea. It also swept up the gorge that went from our hollow to the edge of the cliff in a noisy fierce hooting, and this blast was very freely charged with the spray of the breakers which boiled along the island. The sky was overcast with flying clouds of the true Cape Horn colour and appearance. 1 closed the fore-scuttle, but on stepping aft came to the two bodies, the sight of which brought me to a stand. Since there was life in one, thought I, life may be these, and I felt as if it would be like murdering 1 tlem to leave thenihere for the night. Bat, said I, to myself, after all, these men are certainly in.-ensible if they be not dead ; the cold that freezes on deck cannot be different from the cold that froze them below ; they'll ] not be betteroff in the cabin than here. It will be all the same to them, and to-morrow i I shall perhaps have the Frenchman's help to carry them to the furnace and discover if the vital spark is still in them. To be candid, I was the more easily per suaded to leave them to their deck lodging by the very grim, malignant, and savage ap- i pearane of the great figure that had leaned against the rail. Indeed, I did not at all t like the notion of such company in the cabin through the long night. Added to this, his bulk was such that, without assistance, I , could only have moved him as you more a cask, by rolling it ; and though this might t have answered to convey him to the hatch, i Istood to break his arms and legs off, and o perhaps his head, so brittle was he with 1 frost, by letting his own weight trandle him down the ladder. So I left them to lie and came away, fling- 1i ingalast look round, and then closing the I companion-door upon me. The Frenchman, i, as I may call him, was sleeping very heavily g and snoring loudly. f I got my supper, and whilst I ate survered, the mound of clothes he made on the deck- j a motley heap indeed, with the colours and ( the finery of the lace and buttons of the t] coats I had piled upon him-and fell into ii some startling considerations of him. Was t it possible, I asked myself, that lie could have n lain in his frozen stupor for fifty years ? But a why not ? for suppose he had been on this nr ice but a year only-nay, six months-an absurdity in the face of the manifest age of b( the'ship -and her furniture- would mot six' o months of lifelessness followed'by a resur- it rection be as marvellous as fifty years? Had . he the same aspect when the swoon of the ice seized him as he has now ? I answered , yes, for the current of life having been y frozen, his appearance would remain as it was. I lighted my pipe and sat smoking, think- a ing he would presently awake; but his i slumber was as deep as the stillness I had thawed him out of had been, and he lay so t motionless that, but for his snoring and harsh breathing, I should have believed him lapsed into his former state. At eight o'clock the fire was very low. si Nature was working oat her own way with h this Frenchman, and I determined to let lim 1 sleep wher e he was, and take my chance of it the night. At all events he could not alarm it me by stirring, for if I heard a movement I In should know what it was. So, loitering to sl see the last glemn of the fire extinguished, I tl took my lantern and went to bed, but not to p sleep. The full meaning of the man awakening a into life out of a condition into which he had been plunged, for all I knew, before I was w born, came upon me very violently in the ' darkness. There being nothing to divert my s thoughts, I gave my mind wholly to it, and I tell you I found it an amazing terrifying a thing to happen. Indeed, I do not know that tl the like of such an adventure was ever before ri heard of, and I well recollect thinking to is myself, ' I would give my left hand to know of other cases of the kind-to be assured that this recovery was strictly within the bounds a of nature,' that I might feel I was not alone, p so strongly did the thoughts of a satanic in- d fluence operating in this business crowd ft upon me-that is to say, as if I was involun- p tarily working out some plan of the devil. 8 The gale made a great roaring. The ship's stern lay open to the gorge, and but for her steadiness I might have supposed myself s1 at sea. There was indeed an incessant. thunder alxiut my ears, often accompanied P by the shock of a mass of spray flung thirty i feet high, and falling like sacks of stones I upon the deck. Once I felt tha vessel rock; I cannot tell the hour, but.it was long past L midnight, and .by the noise of the wind I guessed it was blowing a whole gale. The c movement was extraord-nary-whether side- t ways or downwards I could not distinguish; but, seasoned as my stomach was to the motion of ships, this movement set up a nausea that asted some while, iting upon me as I havesince learned'the convulsion of a an earthquake does upon people. It took off my mind from the French an, and filled me with a different sort' of alarm altogether, " for it was very evident the gale was making the ice break ; and, thought I to myself, if ° we do not mind our eye we shall be crashed and buried. But what was to be done ? To quit the ship for that piercing flying gale, charged with sleet and hail and foam, was merely to languish for a little, and then z amiserably expire of frost. No, thought I, if the end is to come, let it find me here ; and with that I snugged me down.amid the ' coats and cloaks in my cot, and, obstinately ' holding my eyes .closed, ultimately fell , asleep. . . . 'It was late when I awoke. I lighted the lantern, but upon entering the passage that led to the cabin. I observed by. my own . posture that the schooner had not only heeled . more tolatrboird, but.was further.' down by the stern' to:-the extent of several feet. Indeed,. the angle of- inclination was now considerable enough -to bring my shoulder I .(in the passage) .close against 'the starboard I side when I stood eret: The, noise of the gale was stillin the air, :and the booming E andd - boiling of the sea was uncom ndionly.- loid. - -I walked straight to the 'i oo-room, : and, putting the lanteri to- the" Frenchman, porceived that .he was still in a. heavy. aleep, and that he had lain through th night precisely in the atti- I tude in which I.badleftlim. . Hisfface.was :no i"muafed that little.:mote- than. hin long - bawk'sbill nose was discernible. It was 'freezingly. cold,- and I made haste to light the.fre. There was still coal enough' in the cornitr to last for the day, and' before lonig the furanace was-blazing ?ee.rfuly. I went -tiio ork ,to make woma brth;and' fry 'sdmen hri,:a, nd.melt a 'little -block of the 'riisb coloureia. rine; and .whilst thuia. .occupiedti turning my head a.moment to look at the ensoiman, .r found him half started up, I s(:gint tlyatrne.,.. m no .This sudden eontfr meant thro me int .o?el?mnfaiothat i . could not p eak- H'O sinved'li head train side to"ide, taking j , f.nws'itle' ;we.th. s' iprex. seicnoof:o 1t I motl '-inaimllilet astoidahmeat paitind, npon < iauropantahioeti e: H -then .brogh t tue flat. . o 'liii ' hitta' witl"'T"drutS.iBlapl ,ftoP ia '1] ;...-? :... .- ... . ._ . - " "' " i . o- forehead, the sear on which showed black as art ink to the fire-glow, and sat erect. I ' Where have I been I' he exclaimed in be French. :h ' Sir,' said I, speaking with the utmost ig difficulty, ' I do not understand your lan ot guage. I am English. You speak my of tongue. Will you address me in it l'. cc 'English l' he exclaimed in English, dropping his head bn one side,aird peering at be amc with an incredible air of-amazement. ft 'How came you here ? You are not of our ig company. Let me see . .' -Here he as struggled with recollection, continuing to fe stare at me from under his shaggy-eyebrows so as if I was some frightful vision. or ' I an a shipwrecked British mariner,' said I, ' and have been cast away upon this ice, where I found your schooner.' w- ' Ha I' he interrupted with prodigious i- vehemence, ' certainly; we are frozen up--I remember. That sleep should serve my memory so !' He made as if torise, but sat again. ' The cold is numbing; it would weaken a lion. Give me a hot drink, sir.' ie I filled a pannikin with the melted wine, which he swallowed thirstily. S ' More !' cried he. ' seem to want t life.' Again I filled the pannikin. J ' Good I' said he, fetching a i sir. f you have food there, we will eat r together.' t I give the substance of his speech, but not f his delivery of it, nor is At necessary that I c should interpolate my rendering with the t French words he used. a The broth being boiled, I gave him a good f bowlof it along with a plate of bacon and s tongue, some biscuit, and a pannikin of hot F brandy and water, all which things I put 0 upon his knees s lie sat upon the mattress, and to it lie fell, making a rare meal. Yet all the. while he ate he acted like a man f bawitched, as well he might, staring at me and looking round and round him, and then dropping his knife to strike his brow, as if by that kind of blow he would quicken the , activity of memory there. 'There is something wrong,' said hepre sently. ' What is it, sir ? This is the cook room. How does it happen that I am lying I here .' I told him exactly howit was, adding that I if it had not been for his posture, which obligedme to thaw in order to carry him, he would now be on deck with the others, - awaiting the best funeral I could give him. ° ' Who are the others ?' asked he. ' I know not,' said I. ' There were four in all, counting yourself ; one sits frozen to el death on the rooks. I met him first, and took this watch from his pocket that I might tell the time.' He took the watch in his hands, and asked 'r me to bring the lantern close. ' Ha !' cried he, ' this was 3fendoza's- 31 the captain's. I remember ; he took it for the sake of this letter upon it. He lies dead l on the rocks 1 We missed him, but did not h know where he haid gone.' Then, raising his hand and impulsively starting upon the mattress, he cried, whilst he tapped his forehead, ' It has come back ! I have it ! Guiseppe Trentanove and I were g in the cabin ; he had fallen blind with the glare of the ice-if that was it. We con fronted each other. On a sudden he screamed out. I had put my face into my arms, and felt myself dying. His cry aroused me. I looked up and saw him leaning back from 0 the table with his eyes fixed and horror in his countenance. I was too feeble to speak- too languid to rise. I watched him awhile, t and then the drowsiness stole over me again, and my head sank, and I remember no " more.' Heshuddered, and extended the pannikin cI for more liquor. I filled it with two-thirds IP of brandy and therest water, andhe supped it down as if it had been a thimbleful of wine. ' By the holy cross,' cried he, ' but this is 1I very wonderful, though. How long have a' you been here, sir?' ' Three days.' ' Three days ! and I have been in a stupor n all that time-never moving, never breath ingr t ' You will have been in a stupor longer P than that, I expect,' said I. - ' What is this month I' he cried. ' July,' I replied. 'July--J Iy !' he muttered. ' Impos sible ! Let me see,'-he began to count on his fingers-' we fell in with the ice and got s locked in November. We had six months of it ; I recollect no more. Six months of it, sir; and suppose the stupor came upon me then, the month at which my memory stops would be April. Yet you call this July; that is to say, four months of oblirion ; im- i possible !' ' What was the year in which you fell in with the ice 2' said L ' The year?' he exclaimed in a voice deep with the -wondcr this question raised in him ; ' the year 1 Why, man, what year but sereotren ihudlrrd and?flfty-three!' ' Good God!' cried I, jumping to my feet with terror at a statement I had anticipated, i though it shocked me as a new and frightful revelation. ' Do you know what year this is ' He looked at me without answering. ' It is eighteen hundred and one,' I cried, and as Isaid this I recoiled a step, fully ex pectinghim to leap up and exhibit a hundred demonstrations of horror and consternation, y for this I am persuaded would have been my g posture had any man roused me from a slumber and told me - I had been in that condition for eight-and-forty years. y He continued to view me with a very. strange and cunning expression in his eyes, the coolness of which was ineapressibly sur prising and bewildering, and even mortify ing; then presently grasping his beard, looked at it ; then put his himnds to his face and looked at them ; then put out -his feet and looked at them ; then very slowly, but without visible effort, stood up, swaying a little with an air of weakness, and proceeded to feel and strike himself all over, swinging his arms and using his legs; after which he sat down and pulled the clothes over his naked feet, and fixing his eyes on me afresh, said, ' What do you say thisyear is, ' Eighteen hundred and one,' I replied. \- Bah I' saidhe, and shook his-head very knowingly. ' No matter; you have been shipwrecked too ! Sir, shipwreck shufales dates as a player does cards, and the best of us will go wrong in famine, loneliness, cold, and peril. Be of good cheer, my friend; all will return to you. Sit, sir, that I may hear your adventures, and I will relats mine.' . 'I saw how. it was-he supposed me de ranged, a mortifying construction to place upon the laugunage of a man who had restored him to life; yet a few moments' reflection.taught me to see the reasonableness of it;'fqr unlesas he thought me crazy he must Sconclude I spoke the truth, and st was in conceivable that he should believe that he Shad lain in a frozen condition for eight-and forty years. - I stirred the fire to make more lightand sat down near the furnace. His appearance was very striking.. The seir upon his fore head gave a .very dark sullen look to his brows; his eyes were small and were half lost in the dusky hollows in which they were sat, and I observed an indescribably leering, cuanning exopreasion in them, soinethingio£ I which I attributed. to the large quantity of Sliquor he had swallowed. This couitrasted oddly with the respostable aspect hel'ook from his baldness--that is, from thd naked ness of his poll, for, as I-have beforesaid, his hair fell long and .plentifunlly, in a ring a littto above the ears, so that you would have anpposi at some late period of his life he had een salped. (1? - O·- (o c?. .r .. -.)." 