Mein T:alidatioa Bill. Ii is now some time since, in city circles, it was debated whether or vat Mr.Justice Meic had invalidated his seat -on the bench by continuing after his appoint ment as a judge .to hold his scat as n director of the National Mutual Life As sociation of Australasia. As may bo supposed, opinions diifcred ; the majority holding that in the light of the history of the position of judges and of members of Parliament, this case, did not Ml u'-fder section 12 of the Supreme Court Act of 1807, and that if it .did the iSupratne .Court judges would instantly say so, ami iiave the nmtter put riglit. At tlte siane time it Tvae hinted tluit -3Ir. Justioo Alcin being also a lieutenant-colonel of tto Moreton Itcgiment, iu the defence Twee, he foil under the categorj of ' placemen,' those racked poisons ?\vlto served their sovereigns so well and and ihc couniiy so badly, .especially in the days of the sublime' Elizabeth, and .generally long before, and for some time afterwards. But tho suggestion was not deemed to be good enough for a joke. The whole matter slept until by, a change of .Government there was a chance to give expression to feelings never named in complimqninry terms, and under «over of a pica for the piuity of justice to give a nasty jar .over the appointment of a judge. .Of course a desiro for the purity of the administration of justice is of pro foundest importance, .bat unfortunately -its expression may be by methods so liko those used to cover the worst feelings that the expression, however apparently sincere, goes for nothing. This discovery has not been only now made ; but it is only now that a determination has been token to strike a blow. That blow has signally fallen short . of the mark. Nothing, has been Bcored beyond a vacancy in the .'.'army ' which may bo promptly filled up by a most deserving man. ? ?? The subject is a very old one. It was completely thrashed out long before any memberof Her Majesty's Government here had ever dreamed of a scat iii 1'iu'lia nient. The action of the Iniporial Par liauient in relation to members of the House of Commons and the judges, as divhircd in the Act of Settlement, had to its object solely and absolutely the removal of these persons from unduo influence of the Crown, to which they might bo subject if in any way in the pay of the Crown. The battle fought was cruel and long, but victory at last was left with tho Parliament. All Got crmncnts in Her Majesty's dependencies here to numbers of our legislature and to our judges. Hence, in regard to the latter, the 12th section of tho Act referred to above provides that no judge of our Supremo Court ' shall bo capable of ac cepting, takinjr, or performing the duties of any other office, or place o£ profit or emolument within the colony of Queens land : and every such acceptance, taking, or performance of the duties of any such office shall be deemed in law an avoidance ef his ofliee as judge, and his office and commission shall be thereby in f:ill niis ?.pended and his salary thereupon cease.' This clause was carefully examined and re-e.\amiued at the lime referred to above, mid it was agreed that though defective in its wording and therefore vague in its meaning it certainly was intended by the legislature to bo in harmony with, though not a transcript of the law under which judges are appointed in England. The langtiagc of the Act of settlement was 'that no person who has an office or place of profit under the king, or receives a pension from the Crown, shall be cap able of serving as a member of the House of Commons. That, after the said limitation shall take effect as afore said, judges' commissions be made (jitamdiu xe benc i/cswinf, and their salaries ascertained and established.' The local hand which drew the Queensland Act, to avoid using the words, ' under the King,' or 'from the Crown,' hit upon the words, ' within the colony of Queensland ;' and so down went a phrase out of which all this hubbub has arisen. 'With all respect we venture to point out that a singularly strained meaning has been put upon the words, aud that it has opened up a wide and undetermined field for their application. As we have Mini, uiu suiu uujocu ui tile provision made in the Act of Settlement was to protect judges from the influence of tho Crown. The whole history of tho case, so well known to all students of cou stitutional law, is in proof of that fact. There never was the remotest idea that judges would need to be protected in this way against influence from the people. That was otherwise provided for, so that there does not exist, we believe, throughout Her Majesty's vast dominions; nor, so far as we are aware, anywhere else, a law forbidding a judge to have any interest in, or to dis charge any duty concerning ventures or offices other than those of his judicial position. Our Queensland legislature has struck oil. Whatever may be true about Mr. Justice Mein's having been a lieu tenant-colonel, and as to its being an ?office of profit, tho allegation that his being a director of a life assurance, company, is on quite another plane. 'When speaking on this subject Sir Thomas M '11 wraith showed clearly that he had not grasped the situation. Ho did not see that he was proposing to make the law apply to commercial as well as to political rela tions, a thing, as we fcuvc said, never done before. He confused the effect of voiding a commission with the necessity for a judge to vacate the bench whcii a case in which he is personally in terested is being tried. ]Ie is re ported to have said that the object of ,the clause quoted ctbovc was' to prevent a judge from holding office of any kind or doing any business. A remark which gives the Queensland legislative of 1807 blame for omitting specially to state that judges should not hold any other office under the -Crown, and :ct the same time of making tho new and -startling de parture of saying that they must not be associated with any business. -It was a remark- which proves that Sir iThomas ?probably does not know the history of the interesting facts relating to the. indepen dence of judges. The legislature ,of, 1807 ?was ,-fr.r too simple to think of feeing the first to- guard the .bench against all con nection with commerce, aud .at the same time \\. too wise to suppose that ;they liad dons so by a clause so iSofectivc in its construction, if that was Uidir object. The . Act now passed cann«t -possibly ut; iukcu \,o iiave sctueu vtie question, it looks, ? at i first sight, as if whilst ilaying one ghost -it had raised or wouSd 'raise a thousand, wore. That the SupreaieiCourt should be safeguarded nobody csm deny. There is little danger here of tyranny from the Crown, and, possibly, none of terronisra from the poodle ; but it still remains true that judges 'are accessible to hope of promotion, ifco the zeal of political attachment, and to the flattery of Ministers; timt tho bias of their prii- 1 judices .as elderly and peaceable men will, m a plurality, of cases, be .on the side of: power; ;oud thatithey hav« been trained as advocate to vindicate every proceeding of the Crown ; from all which, we should look on them with sornelittle vigilance, and not come hastily to the conclusion that because thoix commissions .cannot be vacated by .the ?Crou.n's authority, they «ju *- jiunv .uuu ui tiiu ruauu oi us influence ; that possibly courts of justice have been more guided and kept etraight than some are willing to acknowledge by ,thc_ spirit of observation and censure which ever modifies .and controk our whole Government.' But tho attempt to control judges by statute law in matters usually well enough regulated by the aforesaid ' spirit of observation' is wliat no other legislature, so far as we know, has over successfully attomptcdj and perhaps it may be cited in proof that after .all we do. not believe that the ' cowardice of lawyers renders them as unfit for crime as for virtue.' 