JJS JL GOOD» HAMLEE'lV _ Of all tlio groat mastorprt of Trama nono depends so tlioroii." . ono oharaotor as Hamlot. For O'10,ad 'tlioro bo but |ono Hirst class , assumo tho part of tho Trinco of Donmark, tho tragedy may ho rendered doopiy interesting with hut indifferent" support. Tho largo audionco that attended at tho School of A.i'ts last night ovidoutly wore aware of Mr. Dnnipior's oxcollont reputation in this character, and tlioy wore not disappointed. Tako it all through Hamlot 'is tho most difficult character oil tho stage. Iago may he moro difficult as a porsonal delineation hut in' businoss cannot compare with Hamlot. It is probablo that no rendi tion of tho character over satisfied a, Shakapcarian scholar in all' its dotails although tho modern stago has givon us a score of different "high-chiss interpreters. Among thoso Sb.', Alfred Dainpior takes a ivory rospoctablo ploco. His is ; a . closoly studied, faithfuRy detailed, and generally' ' happily-intorpretod version. Occasionally he may bo too vehement, tho calmer, doopor, yot moro powerful passages of his audition appoaling moro offectivoly to tho students of tho first of poets. Mr. Edmund Holloway ! possesses the ghostly voice in porfaction, and his assumption of tho character of tho ghost has soldom beon surpassed, nor has tlio groat ghost scono boon ofton more- impros- 'oirnlu f.linu ik.urna loaf. nirvLf. TVYi Alfred Boothman, as Lnortos, acted with ppirit, and Mr. J. - Martin ' provod moro oiloctivo as First 'GravbJdiggor than- as Polonius. Miss ICathorino Russoll looked a charming Opholia, and Miss Julia Morton sustained tho character of tlio Quoou, and Mr. II. Rtonoham that of tho King Noiio of tho othor ehartiotbrs call for., particular conimont. . Tho applauso was very hortrty throughout, Mr. Dainpior boing sovoral timos called bofovo tho curtain; and at tlio oloso of tlio play receiving aii' ovation. ; It may bo statod that tho play was vory con siderably cut down, and vory judiciously too, tho result boing a most onjoyablo perform ance of just, sufficient length to bring put tho full scope of tho plot and strength of tho various charactors without proving todioiiB. To-night " Bliamus O'Brien " will bo per formed. ' : 