? Jv time t-s golden, it silvers one's hair. OCK Exhibition might be called 1 TheThieveries." COAL CONTINUES TO RISE.—The gas in it makes it buoyant. IF our railways run short of ether wood, it will perhaps be necessary to burn the heads of the department A HAT in Geelong has been trained to catch flies. I his shows what may be done by a people having plenty of 1 isure. A MAS died laughing in England a short time back, and the friend who propounded the joke that set him going is to be tried for manslaughter. A MURRUMHIDGKK whaler professes to have discovered a snake attempting to hatch out of a nest of lien's eggs. That viper must have been fond ol chickens. "WHY don't the men propose ?" queries an amorous youth in the columns of one of our dailies. Because it's Leap-year, and the girls have monopolised the business, of course. In Pennsylvania (U.S.) Sunday marriages are null and void. Quite rii>ht, too. Sunday was set apart as a day of rest, and it behoves us to keep out of the toils on that day. THE Adelaide Observer makes a noise over having discovered an old woman of eighty, who can thread a needle without glasses. This is absurd seeing that so very few needles wear glasses. " You have a lovely head of hair, dear,'" said her young man, patting it approvingly ; and she felt quite nice till her little brother put in his oar. lie said : " She's got two more, better'n that !" FOOTRCRAY now has all the windows of its business establishments placarded with ^ next Saturday's performance at the Royal Hall, "The Little Mother and the Happy Man." Appropriate, very. THEKE was one young man in Me'bourne who displayed some anxiety that the colliers' stUke would not eventuate. He is courting a St. Kilda girl, directly opposite the garden gate of whose home stands a lamp-post. A NEW ZEALAND railway porter has been stricken dumb. It is hoped all porters will take warning lrom this visitation of Providence, and say what they mean iu a manner that may lead to their being understood now and again. A RECENT advertisement for men in the police force brought no less than six hundred applications ! At first sight this seems strange, but next to being a tram conductor nothing beats the bobby, lb ere are an awful lot of nice young girls employed at the Exhibition just now. A DISAGREEMENT has occurred in the local Womans' Suffrage Society regarding the election of a chairwoman. We can point the Society out of its difficulty. Let it establish a rule offering the right to occupy the chair to the oldest woman in the hall, and every lady will waive her claim with cheerful alacrity. WHAT a peculi u- idea that was in connection with Press passes for the Exhibition, E ich reporter, journalist, or whatever he chose to call himself, was compelled to have his photo, taken. Now our religious reporter states that during a recent conversa tion with Sergeant Detective Nixon, that officer, in Breaking of the Rogues' G illey at Pentridge, stated that it was invariably the custom—(" Here, that 11 do "-ED. P.) THE following is from the Footscray Independent, and is evidently the work of the wit of that journal:— \\\II\AJ the Party who APPROPRIATED BAN- TAMS from the Independent premises complete the foul proceeding by calling for the fowlhouse '! Now, we think the " party " who "appropriated has made a serious bungle of the job. He should by all means have taken the "fowlhouse' in the first instance and then the reporting staff. THE preponderance of policemen within the Exhibition has been remarked by all visitors, and led to a pretty good "joke" from the tongue of a suburban citizen, who, in compmy with a brace of friends, was doing the Avenue of Nations the other evening. The two were passing the Apollo Candle Company's exhibit, the most conspicuous feature of which is a figure of Captain Cook, chiselled in sperm, when one of the number drew attention to the fact that there were no less than ten bobbies lounging in the vicinity. " Yes,"' replied another, " they can't resist the attractions of the cook." IT happened at Kew, and we wouldn't have it go any further for worlds. We give it to you in strict confidence. She is a handsome young creature (not too young, you know), but Btrongminded, and a member of the Woman's Suffrage Society. She was reputed to have a cold regard for man in all his branches, and to hold him at a great distance, but it so happened that her pa, a man of means, unexpectedly entering the room where she was entertaining a gentleman friend the other evening, was shocked and grieved to discover her sitting on the young man's knee. A mild paternal lecture followed, the old gentleman expressing his surprise that she, a member of a Woman B Rights Society, could condescend to such frivolity. " Well, dear pa," answered the dutiful daughter. '' you know our members are all expected to sit on the men." OLD Schopenhauer, the German philosopher, was one of the most thorough-going old Radicals of his day, and hated tyranny as he hated the . No, he didn't believe there was such a perBon— didn't believe,in fact, there waB any person whatever except Schopenhauer, and that the world was altogether to pieces for thinking otherwise—rotten in fact. We are thinking of the words of a philosopher instead of trying to freshen up our own feeble vocabulary. He says, and we give it re the brickmakers' strike for 45 hours per week, that " No man, in any profession whatever, who wishes to become successful can tie himself down to eight hours' work. Ten or twelve is what every man is well capable of performing." . . . Now we have given the philosopher's words, hereiB hiB own practice as he carried it out. He had wealth, and never worked six hours a day himself. But he made his gardener work fifteen, and broke his housekeeper's collar for reporting to him and pleading the poor fellow's case. He paid to the end of his days about 10 shillings a week for her keep. OH 1 Them actors ! The ladies and gentlemen well-known in theatrical circles at home have been playing a cricket match. The gentlemen were to play with broom handleB and left-handed, and, as might be expected, the ladies gave them a severe drubbing. In fact, the gentlemen players, for once failed to bowl so many " maidenB." Now thiB is not at all to be wpndered at, dfir the men vyere nandicapped clean out of this interesting little event from the start, for although they played an equal number a side they had not the ghost of a show. It's like fighting a foreign country with his own weapons. Supposing for an instant that the (adits had the. wielding of the broom-handles ! Heavens ! What a slaughter they'd have made— they'd have defeated " the boys " in one innings, made them follow on and beaten them then with centurieB to spare. If the Englishmen want to give Percy M'Donnell and Co. something to remember them by let them trot out the lady broom-handlers. THE railway porters, at least some of them, on the Williamstown line are a hardly {no goak) worked set of individuals. We had occasion to take a short trip the other evening. We often take short trips ; in fact,we're married,have a wife and family to support, are hard up, and, as a matter of sheer necessity, we take short trips in the fond hope of, at no distant date, coming acroBB a railway accident. On the night in question we had a return ticket, half of which is torn off at the end of the journey out, the other half being retained till we return to Melbourne again. Well, judge of our astonishment on hearing the porter, when taking our tickets, exclaim in genuine railway- official language, "I think the least yer' might do is'aveyer' tioketB ready tcr^ for me.' And we agree with him. Passengers should be forced to do this." It should be made_ a railway regulation, the non-performance of which should be punishable by law. Surely the Railway Department should see that their officers are not worked to death in this manner ! Let us trust that they will see some way to remedy this matter without delay. THE Gillies Government intends putting a 10 per ent, duty on fresh egga, and a Herald corresondent rises indignantly to - remind the electors hat this is an unjust imposition and a great ickening wrong, and we take much pleasure in econding the motion. A poll tax on eggB iB a direct nd deadly blow at one of the most popular and holesome amusements of the people of this grand emocratic country. Whilst elections occur so infrequently, one would think that even the moBt bigoted Conservative might not begrudge the enlightened and independent voters the occasional felicity of bombarding an eloquent politician with the produce of the domestic hen, but that the existing Ministry, in its disgusting selfishness, and to save its members the little trouble of combing dried egg out of their hair, and dodging the premature offspring of the Miscovy duck on the half shell, intends placing this popular missile beyond the reach of the working-classes, is only too evident. Whilst sternly opposed to revolutions and other uprisals combining bloodshed with business, on general principles, we think the freehand independent elector would be quite justified if he armed himself with a gun and inquired minutely "into this threatening evil, with a view to putting his foot down on it, and dismembering the Government, A MARRIED woman of good character and respectable appearance fell and broke her leg in her house, at South Melbourne, one night last week and, as none of the daily papers have thought fit to publish the Btory of her sorrow, we rise to tell the tale of man's inhumanity to woman, his perfidy, selfishness and other low and debased sentiments. The husband of the lady in question, who is a fat man with no poetry in his soul, no yearning for higher things, and no aspirations for anything above beer, was wont to attend the lodge at stated intervals and roll home in the morning, boyB, with his feet in hiB hat, his collar on his ear and his wardrobe otherwise dismantled ; andhewculd wake the respectable neighbourhood by carolling vulgar ditties culled Horn music hall and other haunts of the wicked and carnal-minded, and break into th" house like a bolting horse, and deliver a political A TIP. WHY NOT COMBINE HOLLER SKATING AND SWITCH BACKING ? addresB at the head of theBtaire, in a thick, haahedup kind of a voice, at which stage hiB wife made a practice of charging down upon him in the fulness oe her wrath, and, by weeding up his hair and lacerating his features, awakening him to a sense of his sins. On the night iu question the man of wrath came home in the same advanced btate of beer, and went scrambling up- stairs. averring in a plaintive voice that "he was a jolly little chap all round,"' and that he'd been sampling lemonade in Ballyhooly along with blue- eyed Susan and the girl he left behind him. He took a broom up with him, and, when he reached the top landing, he gravely hung his coat on the domestic uteneil, and held it out in the position he usually occupied when descanting on the stock tax to a plaster cast o*. Julius C;rsar, whilst he stood back in a recess, and continued to warble bacchanalian songs. Presently the lady of the house came bouncing out of her bedroom, and, misled by the dim light and the arrangement of the curtains at the end of the passage bore down on the coated broom with all the fire of her very proper indignation. A wild shriek, three bumps, a vision in white kicking in mid air,, a dull thud, and the poor wife lay at the foot of the stairs, mixed up with a broom, several pieces of statuary, and a tattered coat. She was gathered up and the uoBt of repairs will probably be enough to convince the festive husband that he is the worst kind of ass inhabiting that suburb. 