THE POSITION INrsAT OA, (Frdm ~17 A'vbiffNedws.) Br each iail from Samoa we receive the repeated assurance that matters ari quliot in the group.. In a certain sense inquiry serves to shdw that the stateinent is a true one--but only in a sense that may be con* sidered almost peculiar to tlhe South Sea Islands, and chiefly to those subject either to France or Germany. Everything is quiet in Samoa now, in the sense that there is no fighting going on; but in a wider sense the truth is that nothing is quiet, nor is liklely to be so until matters are altered by a fur ther revolution. It is not yet many monthe since the German authorities thought it to their own advantage to upset the form of government which existed amongst the natives, to kidnap the head chief Malietoa, whom they had themselves recognised and treated with'as king, and to set up, at the point of the biyonet, another chief as king in his place. The process was violent, and on all grounds of public morality, it was without a shadow of justification; but to a certain extent it was successful. England and America were both pledged to help the poor chief, who is now lingering in exile at the amloroons, and will, no doubt, speedily die there; but neither England nor America would interfere on behalf of a savage prince. The Germuan authorities were no dotibt fully aware of this, and felt confident that so long as neither English nor Amerioan subjects or citizens were molested, they might do as they pleased with the natives. Thmre has boecn no violence offered to British or Amciaioan citizens in the group, and therefore, in the language of the Colonial oflico, "nothing has occurred calling for thime interference of hero Majesty's Government in S?amioa." On the other hand a very great deal has occurred, and is daily occurring, thoere, which very nearly affects thle future relations of Samoa to these colonies and the futuro interests of the group itself, That which was carried out a few mnonths ago by the Germinan man of-war was a revolution Which really affected many others besides the natives. Tihe Colonial Office may, and probably does, fancy that so long as English subjects are not molested either in. person or in property, it matters little whether Malioe. toa or Tamasese reigns by thie graoce of God and the lierilision of the German consul over such of the natives as will obey lim. Thereo can be no greater mistake, however. Whether theyfully understand it or not as yet1 it malkes all the diflfernce. fMalietoa was not much of a king, it is true, When' he made a law it was a-matter of olhoice with most of his subjeots ·wheother they obeyed it or not-and for the most part they did not. Wheln Iho tried to impose a tax encli village o'considered for itself whllether' its people should pay or not- and u?ually docidled in the neBgativo, In this respect, so far, things are just where they were. Poor Maliotoa, indeed, is rustioating in rotirement at the Oiamoneroons, and Tamnaseso reigns in his stead. But to tell the truth Tamnsaso reigns precisoly as Maliotoa reigned before him, His lanws aro justas povi'ful for good oi, ovil as those of .his predecessor, and no more, Like .his predecessor took he has taken to imposing taxes which he strongly uiges the headmen will promptly disrgardid out of consideration for themselves. So far, thoroeforo, as the internl.poliloy of the poo. ploe is conocerned, tlhn lateo rovolution has olo'eoted nothing. Had Malioton reomained in the grzoup, war and lIloodshod would have been tJioe result. As ho gave himself uli, and was deported, the Simoans are for the most part disgusted, but they, ar aalso quiet, * * * *, * The illustration of' the old fable of, .theo wolf and the lamb in the ease of Malieton was a isigiificant one, aid it can be repoeated when it.may serve any usefiul purpose., In the mcoitime, Eurbpean' residents are worseo off than they wore, The first result bf the armed intervontion of the Germal admiral was the iifringement of all the rights and privileges granted to the citi zeons of Apin, and the subversion of the municipal government, which they had es tablished, The Bi'itish and Amnorioan oiti. reis resident thleor said that the German rosidents intendod to got tho municipal go voinmiont into theoir own hands, and tlhey at once brokeo it uilp and rofusbid to submit to an authority whilh, while nominnlly popular, wtis i.eally W'iliina,. Th0 result lhas been that thoro.e is no governmont in Apin,: no common court oavlon for police offellncos, antid no:polloo to takeo up oflmders., The subjects of oneach European Power refuse to be tried ly: anyone but thoeir own Consul, and fti the most part eachno is anfraidi to go beforo thle Consul of another tntionnlity to .prosoeute any olaim, .E?lfforts n'ro now boing mande, indr?d, to oveorcomo the diflloultios of theil position, hut it is mnoro than doubtful wheotlioher they ncan uoeeod, Suoh is the lntemimlt positioli, andll on the wlolo it is ontdroly simple and intaolligtible. Thu Samoan lon? up is, fvr its air,,' by far thu 'most valualhe in thu South Pacifl, and, is slippling, or rthehr has slipped, from ou!r tmrasp. A year nago ]Brltlish influOnce w\s pnaranoul1 hli theo group, tolday it is nlmost n'othing 'with the native; England tmaiy, Indhod, oling.to time ghost of hor formte post. tlohi for yrnrs to eomno; hut tlie position It self is n tihing of the past. Poor hs the sub stitute of whant is left may boe, howyovr, it Is 9f importanco to thoseo oolonies that it should h) rotainoled: 'B( fir' as' E?hglahiUl'lisi;elasli concernaed, the matter is at an end, .na thel stru~ole for supreme influence in Samoa is concluded, because the English Government deserted her supporters in need; but so far as the colonies of Australasia are concerned it should not be abandoned. Peoplo may profess to laugh at a Monro doctrine as ap. plied to the vast extent of the South Pacific, but in the interests of tile future .the people and politicians of Australasia cannot too soon recognise and aot upon the principle whioh it embodies, 