NEW AIDS TO A POPULAR DEVOTION. A DECREE, assigning a Proper Mass and Office for the Festival of the Holy- Rosary, has recently been issued by the Sacred Congre gation of Rites. The Rosary is, as all Catholics know, a special devotion in honour of the Incar nation of the Son of God. This form of prayer was instituted between six and seven hundred years ago, by St. Dominic for the extirpation of the Albigensian heresy, which denied that the second person of the Blessed Trinity became really man. When St. Dominic began to labour for the conversion of those who had been lead astray by this false doctrine, he instituted a form of devotion, in which the whole history of Our Lord's life, nativity, passion, and resurrection, is brought before our minds, to be meditated upon in prayer by means of the joyful, the sorrowful, _ and glorious mysteries. The Rosary attained the end for which it was instituted. The enemies with which St. Dominic engaged in battle, were soon vanquished, and it seemed, at least for some time, that the Rosary had accom plished the work for which it was originally designed, and that the great spiritual "Excalibur," as it has been called, might perhaps be sheathed for ever. But, as cen turies rolled by, new dangers arose, and on a memorable day, the great weapon, forged by St. Dominic, was publicly taken from its scabbard by St. Pius V., the then reigning Pope, and the enemies of God were stricken to the ground. In the sixteenth century, the fear of Ottoman power was paralysing the Christian princes, and spreading universal terror over Europe. At the com mand of Pius, the assistance of the Mother of God was invoked in thousands of Christian homes, through the loving repetition of the Rosary, and in response to their prayers, a victory was gained over the Turks at the battle of Lepanto. What the Church did then, she has always done. In each danger that assails her, she chooses as her weapon, a circle of beads. The triumphs won by the use of the Rosary, have not, at all times, been of the kind which can be related with preciseness ; many of them do not receive any recognition at all, except in the minds of the faithful. And Catholic Christendom has agreed in attributing numerous victories to the sword of St. Dominic. This weapon is always lying, as it were, in the armoury of the church, and in the hour of special need, it is used for the scattering of her enemies. The war that irreligion is, in these days, waging against the church, has induced the Holy Father to seek the sword of defence in the old armoury ; and he has chosen the spiritual weapon that has seen service among many peoples, and in many ages, and against power ful enemies. The Holy Father knows that the Rosary is as effective in this age, as it was in former ones. It is with this object in view, that he is anxious that all the faithful throughout the world should practise this devotion, which is a form of prayer accomo dated to the intellectual capacity of all — the learned and unlearned alike. It is like a reading book in which all can study the life of Christ, and gather instructions from each of its details ; and thus, while it intensifies faith in the intellect, it secures attention to the mind, and kindles fervour in the soul. The Rosary possesses, in the adjunct of the beads, a great assist ance to the human mind, that is so prone to grow weary of spiritual things. The prayers of which this devotion is made up, being com posed by the Holy Ghost, surpass in excellence any petition or request cast in a form moulded by the mind of man, notwithstanding all the human eloquence and learning that may go to adorn the latter. " Thus, therefore shalt thou pray," said our Saviour in bequeathing to us, one of the petitions of the Rosary. The Holy Ghost, either through the Sacred Scripture or the Church, has taught us the rest. The sin cere Christian will, therefore, necessarily think it more efficacious to use, in appealing to heaven, words composed by the spirit of God, than to make supplications in a form of prayer more acceptable to the reason, because more richly embellished with "the persua sion words of human wisdom." It is easily perceived, that the Lord's prayer is different from any other of human composition. Definite blessings are asked, and yet it will bear all meanings. Like the bread in the hands of our Blessed Lord, which multiplied to feed five thousand people in the desert, there is more than enough for all. Forgiveness is asked for, — it may mean the pardon of that sin, which at the moment weighs most heavily upon the conscience. Evil temptation is prayed against, —and trials of all kind may be, at least in thought, included in the words that are being said. When mention is made of His kingdom, it may be that the perils and storms of the Church, which is Christ's kingdom on earth, are contem plated ; or it may be that the devout suppliants are praying for the rest and blessedness of the kingdom of heaven. So, again, with the repetition of the Hail Mary. The first part is composed of the words addressed to the Blessed Virgin by the Angel Gabriel, to which is added the salutation of St. Elizabeth, and the Holy Name of Jesus. The second has only the simple words, "pray for us ;" yet we can also put into these words, the feelings of our heart. The words may be the same, over and over again, yet each time they are repeated, the intention may vary, and so the prayer be different. Thus these petitions, which are so plain and simple and easy to be re tained in the mind, that they are the first the little children learn, are sufficient for the greatest and wisest of God's saints. They may be said every hour, and each time with a larger meaning, as the days and hours of life give fresh desires, and more to ask of heaven. The reign of Leo the XIII has been dis tinguished, by the frequent exercise of his high prerogatives, but we do not know of anything he has done, that will produce more per manent results than his endeavours to extend and confirm the recitation of the Holy Rosary. 