ROCKHAMPTON. THURSDAY. MAY 31. 1888. THE TARIFF TROUBLES. Tba most formidable obstacles in the way of the federation of the Aus- tralian Colonies ara two tn number. The first is found in the unreasoning jealousy ever existent among some of the powers that be. It bubbles up like a perennial spring. An obstacle such aa this the Australian public should resolutely stamp out, as it would a noisome disease. It should be recog- nised that the colonies are not made for ministers, but ministers for the colonies. If these gentlemen in certain parts of Oontiuent are incapable of rising to the height of their office, Australia will shortly be driven to seek for the man, who, in leading her to unity, will brush them and their adherents out of theirroad. j Among any hundred of common-sense men, picked at hasard from the colonies, ninety-nine are agreed upon the neces- sity of a common action in Australian policy. It is intolerable then, that the jealousies of this or that Government, i should be allowed to stop the way. The second obstacle is found in the an- tagonism of the colonial tarifis. When- ever the subject of federation is mooted, a lion is found to be in the path. It is the tari£ , In appearance, this second monster ia, more forbidding than the first. In reality it is less aa Let the first evil spirit be laid, and the second would vanish as a dream. However opinions may differ upon (the doctrine of Protection and Free-trade, as a matter 1 of fact all the colonies are Protectionist. In Victoria this character is avowed. But the necessities of revenue clothe i the nominally free-trade colonies with the same garment, none the less that' they repudiate the imputation of being so «lad. We will show this by figures i later on. , Meanwhile, let us for a moment, con aider the effect upon the whole Austra- lian community of intercolonial customs. On the supposition that Australia ÍB to comprise a congeries of independent, and, therefore, in time to come, anta- gonistic States, there may be a possible, though doubtful, justification in inter- colonial taxation. But the necessity of Australian federation once conceded, and the absurdity of tbe situation isforth with exposed. For example, let us suppose that New South Wales raises a revenue of half a million from the customs collected on Victorian produce passing over her boundaries. On the other hand, let as suppose that Victoria collects a similar half million from Now South Wales produce coming into her territories. What benefit does either State derive from this Î Tho population in each case pays half a million in taxation ; and either hand may just as well openly pay its own half million into its own pocket, as, feigning to cross the other, appear to deposit it in the opposite pocket. An objector ruffy premise that the figures might be a million in one case, and half a million in the other. Such an one would wish that the less offending colony would, by a readjustment of taxation, exacerbate its wrong, till, one wrong equalling the other, the result should be a right. But we are con- sidering the interest of Australia as a whole. The much more plausible ob- jection may be raised, that it is so easy for each colony, by appearing to fleece the Other's population, to ,'fleece its own. The community in each case thus suffers only indirectly, and the respective { Governments are relieved from the j odium of directly taxing their peoples, j Two men, each having lent tx friend j £100 on a promissory note, would on no account ask for repayment of their ? loans. Accordingly, each endorses his | note over to the other, thus avoiding the unpleasantness nf dunning his friend, i But his friend has to pay np, nevertbe- i less. Such is a parallel to the system ; of intercolonial taxation.-with a dif- ference. The difference is, that in custom houses and such like expenses/ each colony pays heavily through the nose for the other's endorsement. The way to lay this tariff ghost is resolutely and systematically to approach ii. Looming vast in the 'distance, proximity robs it of its terrors. A tabulated statement needs to be pre- pared showing the incidence of inter- colonial taxation. The figures should show first how much revenue each colony derives by taxing the produce of the others. A scheme should then be propounded, suggesting how, by read- justment of direct taxation, coupled with the presentation of a united customs front to the foreigner, each colony could be recouped the loss of revenue substsined in ceasing to tax tts fellows. The labour entailed in such a scheme is doubtless considerable ; but that it is by BO means insuperable, is shown by the great and totally disin- terested work of Sir Rawson W. Raw- son, Chairman of', the commercial sub- committee of the Federation League. This gentleman, purely as a labour of love, has performed the stupendous task of tabulating, analysing, end classi- fying the apparently inextricable tangle of the tariffs of the United Kingdom, India, and forty-two colonies ; together with their resultB as revenue-raisers, and their proportionate incidence on the re- spective communities. After such a work as this, it should not be reckoned a prodigy to perform a similar office for this continent. Sir Rawson's tables at present are limited to the year 1885 ; but he is engaged on a work dealing with a long series of years. We can only call attention hero to a few of the figures affecting ourselves. Whereas the average proportion of customs duty levied on the imports into the Cape is 21-50 per cent, New Zealand 1910, Canada 17-55, New South Wales 7-50, in Victoria with allots " protectiveness" it is only U-29 per cent. Some of the above are Free trade, and someProtection colonies ; hence it will be seen how little there is to choose between them. To show, however, how much less formidable would be the proposed adjustment be- tween the colonies, than is generally supposed, we give for each of them the revenue per head, and the customs per head. In Victoria the revenue is £6 6s., the customs £2 ls.; New Zea- land, £6 12s. 6d. and £2 6s. 10d.; New South Wales, £7 lia. 9d. and £1 19s. 9d.; Queensland, £8 13s. lld. and £3 Os. 7d.; West Australia, £9 3s. 8d. and £3 16s. 2d. From these figures it is evident that the customs per head of the principal colonies do not so differ, that an average adjustment of 'them would be an insuperable task. White we in Australia have not even yet approached the tariff difficulty, whose removal must necessarily precede effective federation, we learn that the apparently irreconcilable populations at the Cape the British ana the Boers-have quietly solved it. Having agreed to internal free trade, they turn a united protective front to the outsider. Where these opposites have amalgamated, is it hope- less to look for a compromise among our enlightened colonies? Unless driven by the pressure of events little is to be hoped for from the existing Govern- ments. A leader of tact, capacity, and devotion is wanted. Who is the man t There were no cues for hearing at the Polios Court yesterday. The meteorological reports continue as mouotouoae as ever, fine, cold weather being still general. Tbe lsd John Kirkmao is now incarcerated in prison here. He arrived early yesterday morning by tbe Egmont, s.s. Tbs monthly mee ting of the Committee of the Fitzroy Pastoral Society was called for yesterday sfternoon, bat only tiro members Messrs. T. Kelly and S. W. Hartley-attend- ing, ttlapsed. The Rugby footballers of thia town are training hard for the coming match with Bris- bane. About twenty were running last even- ing on the Gymnasium grounds, at North Rockhampton. This afternoon a scratch match will be played in Archer Park, com- mencing at fi ve o'clock. Mr. J. Purcell's mare Lanristina arrived yesterday by the Fgmoot, having just won ( the Mount ' Perry double. .The mare ia in charge of Mr. M. Purcell. Mr. A. M. j Thornes is now on the «my from Brisbane ' bringing with him Enid, The Baron, and another. Enid and The Baron have been scratched for the Blackall handicaps. Edward Trickett continues io good health and is progressing in his training ss well as his beat friends could wish. Hs now does all his rowing eteroise «ver the course cn which the race ia to be rowe*, leaving his boat at Lake's Creek. Edward Hanlon is also doing good work, sud daily getting into better form. He does his rowing work from the C.Q.R.C. Bhed as usual. The Kev. W. "Blake Brownrigg bas arrived from Gladstone to commence his duties at North Rockhampton in connection with the Church of EDgland. Be bas taken ap b¡B residence at the bonse occupied by tbe last incumbent Rev. A. C. Yorke, and will hold his first service there on t-ooday. A tea meeting, st the Council Chambers to welcome bim, will be held to morrow evening. The proceeds will go towards furnishing the room where services will temporarily be held. A meeting »as held at the residence of Messrs. Orr Bruthen, Ayrshire Park, on Tuesday evening, for the purpose of selecting a site for a school, and protesting against the site set apart on the Morinish Hoad. About a dVzen gmtlemeu attended, and Mr. John Murray, M. L.A., presided. It was decided to ask the Government to reserve two areas ene at Deep Creek, and the other on Leich- hardt Reserve, Yaamba Road-each contain- ing ten acres. The objection to tbe site chosen is that it is on private property. The Strasburg Clock contions* to attract the public. It can be seen dally from ? p.m. to 6 p.m. and from 7 p.m. to 10 p.m. For the «anal weekly exercise fourteen members oi tbe Narai Brigade assembled at the drill-shed, last evening. Sob-Lieutenants Pretty and Bowker were in attendance, and a course of company and squad drill wat gone through. The police received news by telegraph yesterday evening that a Chinaman named Ah Foo, a îeaident of Clermont, bad tried to commit euicide by cutting his throat, and failed. He afterwards fled into the bush. He was arrested two miles from Clermont and conveyed to tbe Hospital. Hiscocks's Federal Minstrels gave another of their variety performances st the School of Arl», last evening, to a rather small, but ap- preciative audience. The rendition of the various musical numbers on the programme gave very general satisfaction, sod the evening's entertainment concluded with an ex- ceedingly funny farceerititied "Tbe Pneumatic Eradicator." This evening tbe Minstrels con- clude their present season ia Rockhampton, and will mark the occasion by the production of a mooster farewell programme under the distinguished patronage of MesBrs. Trickett and Hanlan, and tbe élite of Rockhampton. Among other numbers, Mr. Horace Bent will give his celebrated speech \ à la Archibald Forbes) entitled " The Raw Correspondent " and Mr. N. La Feulllsde, undoubtedly one of the most accomplished violinists iu the Aus- tralian colonies, has consented to give hie celebrated Fantasia on Irish Airs-a perfor- mance which should be beard by all true (overs af music. r Acting under instructions from Mr. G. S. Curtis, Mr. James Flint, architect, has pre- pared designs for a new three-story brick building to be erected on the site of the Criterion Hotel, at the corner of Quay and Fitzroy Streets ; and in all probability tenders will be called for in the course of a month or six weeks. We have not seen the front elevation, but we are assured it will be very handsome, and equal to anything in the town. The building itself will be a large one, and is most carefully planned. Particular attention has been given to lighting and ven- tilation, which, in all parts, will be good. The billiard-room, coffee room, bar, office, otc., will be on the ground floor, and the 1 main entrance at the junction of Quay and Fitsroy Streets-just opposite the Fiteroy I Bridge. The frontage to Quay- street will be 92 it., but portion oi tbe Fitzroy-street frontage will be taken up with four shops. On the upper floors will be bedrooms, suites of rooms, parlours, bath rooms, closets, &c.;, and they will be accessible, not only by means of staircases, but by a patent hydraulic lift. There will be special cellarage accommo- dation, so that not only liquours, but eatables required to be kept cool oao be conveniently stored. The block will greatly improve the appearance of the corner, and enhance the value of property in the vicinity. The Rev. J, Paterson delivered a lecture in the Presbyterian Church last evening to a numerous audience on the subject of bis travels in Australasia, India, Burmah, Tur- key, Rassis, Cuba, Mexico, Canada, the United States, and Palestine. All the trivial incidents in his wandering« were described io detail, and it would indeed seem-as Dr. Hay remarked in introducing the lecturer that he has been ia every country under heaven. He was in Australia io I860, and for three years afterwards. Sub- sequently he crossed to New Zealand. He wat stationed at Bombay for three years, and in tbe fulfilment of his missionary duties travelled all over the country-a country that offered a splendid field for Christian work. There he saw the full force of the monsoons, sod the sad superstition of tbs natives ; and among tbe incidente of hit life were en- counters with wild beasts, and afloobof locusts. Once he slept io a tomb. Going to Arabia be visited Babylon and Nineveh, and being penned np by the flood waters came dowe in a raft composed of inflated Bbeor-akins. with boards on top. He stayed for several mouths in Russia, and travelling from one ead to the other, visited Finland. Whilst there he bad the novel experience of steaming for three hoare down « river known as the precipice, sud which had a eteep f allallthe nay to the sea. Throughout the rev. gentleman was listened to with attention, and at the conclusion of MB lecture a "collection in silver " was taken up to defray expenses. The fortnightly meeting of the Rockhamp- ton Municipal Ckraocil will be held st four o'clock this afternoon. We would remind those interested that s meeting is to be held in the Council Cham- bers this evening to form a mounted infantry corps. A general meeting of the Berserker Foot- ball Club will be held thia evening, at eight o'clock, at the Belmore Arms Hotel, for the election of Hon. Secretary in ptaoe of Ur. A. W. C. Power, resigned, and other impor- tant business. " Boots wha bae "-and ' ' Soots wba haena " -will learn with some satisfaction that the Caledonian Society have arranged for a social gathering to be held io the Oddfellows' Hail on the night of the great boat race. A obarge will be made for admission, BO tbat other than members may be enabled to attend. Mr. G. 6. Cartis bolds an extensive esle of landed property st bis Denham- street ano'ion ronm et eleven o'clock this forenoon. Among the properties to be offered is the valuable allotment at the corner of Quay sud Stanley .-treets, adjoining tbe Belle Toe flotrl, and opposite the store of M cere. Walter Reid and Co., Limited. Horse owners are reminded that the Rock bsmptoo Jockey Club general rntries most be with the Secretary, Mr. W. O. Thompson, this afternoon, before four o'clook. The events to be entered for are:-Fivelurlonge Handicap, Selling Stakes, First Hurdles, Mile Handicap, Sir forlongs Handicap, Sel ling Plate, Corinthian R and Sevea-fnrlongs Handicap. The nomina- tion fee for each handicap ia £1. Witts' HATE BALSAM.-If grey, restore to original colour. An elegant dressing, softens and beautifies. No oil nor grease, A TODÍC Restorative. Stops bair coming out t strengthens, cleanses, heals scalp.-ADVT. *' KOUOB OK ITCH "-" Rough on Itch ; cares skin humours, eruptions, ring worm, tetter, salt rheum, frosted feet, chilblains, (tod, ivy poison, barber's itch.-ADVT. Health is wealth.-It is worth more than riches, for without it riches cannot be enjoyed, flow many people «re without health who might regain it hy using DR. BELL'S BITTERS. It acts upon the liver, bowels ami kidneys, cleansing and stimulation them to a healthy action Ii cures all dis- orders of the?e important organs, purifies the blood, and promotes the general health. Sold by all druggists.-ADVT, A special invitation -We especially invite a trial by all those sufferers {rom Ri iney and Liver complaints who have failed to obtain relief from other remedies and fr^m doctors. Nature's ereat remedy-Dit. BULL'S BITTERS bas affected cures in many obstinate cases. It acts at once on the kidneys, liver and bowels, cleansing the system of all poisonous humors, and restoring a healthy condition of those important organs. Do not be dis- couraged, but try it.-ADVT. Perhaps the most remarkable recent dis- covery is the sew glass which hts just been made in Sweden. At present common glass contains only six substances, whiie the new ¡Swedish glass consists of fourteen. The revo- lution which this new refractor is destined to make, says Iron, is almost inconceivable if it ie true, as atetad, that, while the bigbest power of the present microscopic lens reveals only the one foor hondred-thourandih part of an inch, this new glass will enable us to distinguish one two-hundred-end-four - mUUon-aeven-esndred thouaendth part «I an inch. Tbe «tamp coUeotion of the German Postal Museum st Berlin is considered to be oat of the largest fn existence. According to the Dew cataloguée jut published, its first division oootains 6561 different post stamps (nearly all not obliterated) ; its second is {paned by the envelopes and wrappers, of which there ara more than 1800 in the museum ; the third . division consiste of 1116 postal cards; tba fourth shows 391 forms of mosey orders and the like. A fifth division has reference to the telegraphic department. Tbenewdeseriptirs catalogue contains 344 pages. 1 he newspaper museum at Aachen (Aixîa Chapelle) possesses now copies of more than 17,000 different news- papers and p-riodicals, equal to oae-baU of ell the published papers throughout the world. The Mew Zealand Shipping Co. and the Shaw, Savi'll, and Albion Co. have decided to reduce the freight ot frozen mutton to ! Jd. per lb. on all shipments from June to Novem- ber neat inclusive. Thia reduction is made to meet the times, and with the view of en- couraging the export of frozen meat. An arrangement has been wade as tothedespat.b of «teamer» by the direct lines, which, if com- pleted, will farther assist the frozen meat, indus'ry, by enabling th« refrigerating com- panies to utilise their works to their utmost capacity each month, thus reducing the cost' of storage in the colony at present incurred io holding {rosen meat pending shipment, and also saving at least a fortnight's storage charge in London. Jost now, when the tax on Chinese is engaging attention in Australia, the following from a Paris correspondent will be read with interest : *' A tax on foreign residents ia tc bs i one of the first measures to bs urged In the coming Parliamentary session. It is curions to see the tendency of Frenob p >licy to adopt, against the rest of the world, measures which French opinion would bitterly reent if the rest of the world retaliated by following French example against France, A violent opposition is belog combined against the «op- pression of the sugar bounties, those who de- mand their maintenance never thinking; of asking themselves how they would like to see other Governments applying the system pf bounties to favour their own special industriel against the rival productions of France io France itself. A rumour is in circulation to the effect that the Messrs. Rothschild, the famous bankers, have offered an immense som of money, stated to be £30,000,000 sterling, fur a nlnety-nint years' lease of land west of tb« Spsncer-etreel railway station, known as the West Md bourne Swamp, and it is also alleged that tlx agesta of the millionaires are in treaty witl tbe Government to that effect. The Altourtn deny all knowledge of the rumour, and io! quine» made of some of the gentlemtu whi ere generally acknowledged to be in a positioi to speak on snob mattera lead to a definiti statement that there is not the slights* foundation for the allegation, lt is, how ever, believed that a syndicate is in procès of formation, having for its objeot the ieemin of the land mentioned. - Melbourne Ttk graph. You have doubtless long ago heard of th result of the Oxford and Cambridge bot race, says a correspondent. It is always ai opportunity for showing off any new craft and the Electrical Pawer Storage Compao; (who are letting no grass grow under ebel feet) took advantage of the boat-race day t send forth their new electric launch. 1 fetched the oockneys-that marvellous sigh! seeing race, who are never so happy as »ne hearing or telling some new thins. And I wonder. The new boat wae a perfect sararí* I lt accommodated about twenty people, si attained a epeed of eleven knots an bom I even on the tideway. Tbe means ol propeMli ! this spectre boat are not visible, for the * cumolators are placed under the seats, ss the motor is at tho bottom of the vessel. Tl tann h was completely under control, ai could bs driven at half or full epeed, bael wards or forwards, by simply I urning an i i diostor handle. Sufficient energy was eton ! in the accumulators for driving the boat ? foll «peed fur eight hours, or at nalf-speedf eighteen bonn. It is proposed now to ri electric pleasure launches on the Thames oe eummer, and to erect charging stations points up the river, so that the launches cou stop and be refilled or recharged with eleoti motive power. 