COURAGE AND f UNK IN THBjA .. BATTLE FIELD. .. s No. 1. an Ahebioaw Gbnbbal, in the Cbntdbt.) A freaqh.writerhas stid; that every mistake made iri life can b'o traced to fe»r. Though this. waa,. doubtless, written] mora -o ships' an epigram. than'; tq Jstate }! aj fa6j~3ni-i epigram's are;; generally regarded as jowols purchased at the expeuse ;of.. veracity —yet the mof^ ; Sire refleatiopbrij the [remark; tho more vie aro impressed with its troth. Fear, above-all things else, enfeebles the vigonr ofminVactions, supplants decision by vacillation, and opens the road to error. When one soaks coun sel of one's fear, judgment ceases to obtrude advice. Courage, on the other hand, is uni versally recognised' as the manliest of mil human attributes ; it nerves its possessor for reBolute attempts, and ?quips him from putting forth his supreme efforts. Powerful aristocra cies have been founded with courage as the sole patent of nobility ; kings have maintained their dynasties with no other virtue to commend them to their subjects. A once popular farce set forth these two opposite traits in human nature under the title of 'The nervous man and the man of nerve.' Courage has ss many different natures, assumes so many different forms, and is subjeot to so many eccen tricitie?, that it is hard to define it. To separate it into the two grand divisions of moral courage and physical courage is a simple matter, bnt when the sub divisions of these are to be determined, the task is confronted with formidable difficulties. Few men possess all the various forms of courage. One man m»y be . utterly fearless in the moBt perilous storm at sea, while on land he may be afraid to travel at the rate of 25 miles an hour on a first class railroad, and, grilorlike, expends his sympathies in pitying 'poor unhappy folks ashore ' A locomotive engineer on an Eastern railway, who was always selected for his 'nerve' when a fa»t ''special' was to be sent out, and whose courage, re peatedly displayed in appaliing acci dentp, had become proverbial, was afraid in the quiet of his own home to go upstairs alone in the dark. In ascending a Southern rivei on a steamboat, towards the close of our civil war, we had an officer on board, who, duriag three yeais of fighting, had ; treated shot and shell in action with an indifference that made him a mar vel of courage ; hut ou this expedition he manifested a singular fear of tor pedoes, put on enough life-preservers {'to float an anchor, aud stood at the ?tern of the boat ready, at the first sign of danger, to plunge into the water [Witn tne promp ness ot a Baptist con fvert. lie once came very near jnmp ,iDg overboard at the sound of a sudden s escape of steam from the boiler. He made no disguiee of his nervousness . at' this new form of danger. I recol | lect a company officer of infantay who , never seemed to know what the word fear meant under any circumstances , until his promotion to a higher rank , compelled him to mount a horse, and ! then his mind knew no peace A sad Iden snort from the beast alarmed him .more than the opening of a battery, and the picking up of the animal's ears .had more terrors for him than a bay onet charge. These instances, though numerous, are the exceptions, not the rule. They . can often be accounted for by the fact . that the victim had suffered a severe .fright, perhaps in childhood, whioh ? produced a permanent shook to his jnerveB, and made him timid ever after , respecting the particular form ? of dan ger to whioh he had been exposed. '.An acquaintance of mine whose ra , peated acts of gallantry in the field had oonviuced all his comrades that he had been born without the sense of fear, was seen to give a wide berth to anv horned animals that oame in sight. Whenever a drove of commissary's cattle were encountered on the rood, he began a series of well-timed manoeuvres with a view to getting a fence between himself and them in the shortest possible time.' ; Their approaoh seemed to demoralise . him as much as a cavalry charge of the ? enemy elated him. The providing of \ an army with 'beef on the hoof' was : oae of the methods of military logistic i which had more terrors for him than a prospect of starvation. When twitted ! on the subject, he one day Baid in ex planation, that, when a child, a cow bad once ohased him, thrown him down, ( and then tossed him on her horns, and he had never recovered from the shock, ' or been able to banish from his mind the sense of terror the circumstanc* produced. It was tha burned child' Jreading the fire. This instinct is common to all ani ? mats. At a conntry station ou one of our railways a pig used to be a constant . visitor, and drove a thriving business , in picking up stray grains of corn which dropped from the hags as Miey . were loaded on the cars. One day the ' pin's greed so far ovei mastered his discretion that his tail got nipped be tween tbe brake-shoe und the car * wheel, and when the train started the tail was jerked out by tbe root. Th-- ' victim of this sudden catastrophe was J uow confronted with the dismal pros ' pect of having to navigate through the ' rest of life with its steering apparatus ' a total wreok. He continued coming ? to tha station after that, but whenever: he heard the clatter of au approaohing , \ train, he hurried off to a safe distance ' and backed up close against a brick wall \- till the cars had passed ; be was never 1 going to permit himself to be subjeot \- to the risk of such an indignity again, \ ' even though thero was no longer any tail left to be pulled out. He bad ac quired sufficient railroad experience to appreciate the magnitude of the loss of terminal facilities. As one's physical condition is affec \- ted by circumstances ot health and sickness, so dees one's courage vary . under different surroundings- Troops, after being refreshed by a rest and a good meal, have stood their gronnd „nder a fire from whioh they would have fled iu confusion if tired and bun gry. An empty stomach, like con science, makes cowards of ub ull.' The Duke of Wellington proved himself a philosopher whon ho said, 'An army moves principally upon its belly.' In the days when porsonal difficulties wero si'ttled under the 'code,' the parties never triod to screw their courage to the sticking-point on empty stomachs, but 'pistols and coffee' always went hand iu hand. I In the successful attack made by 'Admiral Du Pont with his fleet upon the Oonfederate forts which commanded Port Boyal harbour, when the dinner hour arrived the admiral directed ra tions to be served as usual, and the crews were ordered to cease loading their guns and go to loading their stomachs to fortify themselves for the oontiuuatbu of the battle. Tbe com manding offioer was severely criticised for this at tho time, but it was after wards generally -conceded that he un derstood the true relations between the nerves and the stomach, and gained the victory, all the sooner by taking time to: lodge that dinner where it would do the most good. An attack of dyspepsia or a torpid liver will sometimes rob a man ot half ihis -natural courage; rabbits in his path then become magnified into lions, and mole-bills into mountains. Napoleon ? lost the battle of Leipsic from eating: too, heavy a dinner, and be ing seized with a fit of the blues b:ought on by indigestion. As the latin .irootB of -the word locate the source of courage in the heart, and aa the seat of all courage is believed by many to be in the mind, no ono would attempt the uiigraoioua and unsentimen tal task of trying to transfer its. locar tion to the stomach, but facts point to the belief that the condition of the stomach has something to do even with this high -attribute of man. l Courage, like everything else, wears out. Troops used to go into action during our late. war displaying a cool ness and steadiness the first-day that made t'uun seem as if the screeching of Idiot and shell was he music on which they had been br- nght up. After fighting a ciuple of days, their nerves gradually- lost their. tension,. their buoy ancy of spirits gave way, and dangers they wonld have laughed at the flr»t day often Bent them panic-stricken to the rear on the third. ; -It was always a curious sight in camp after a three days' fight to watch the effect of the sensitiveness of the nerves; mon would start at the slight est sound, and dodge at the flight of, a bird or n pebble tossed at them. One of the jshief amusements on such occa sions ussd to be to throw stones and chipB paBt one another's heads to see the active dodging that wonld follow. | Recruits sometimes rush into dan gers from which vaterans would shrink. When Thomas was holding on to h'8 position at Ch-ckamauga on the after noon of the second' day, and resisting charge after charge of an enemy flushed with success General Grainger came up with a division of troop, many of whom had never before been under fire. Ab soon as they were deployed in front of the enemy, they set up a yell, sprang over: the earth-works, charged into his ranks, and created such: consternation that the Oonfederate veterans weie paralysed by the very audacity of such conduct. Grainger said, as hewatcbed their move nents, .' Just look at them; they don't know any better, they think that's the way it onght to be. done.' I'll bet they'll never do it again.' Men, like children, are often ignorant of danger till they learn its terrors in the. school of: experience. ? 1 j Every soldier understands why 'two o'clock in the morning' courage is re cognised aB courage in its highest form At that time many hours of fasting have occurred since tbo evening meal; qnough sleep has not yet been bad to restore the nervous system to its nor mal oohdition after the fatigue and ex citement of the previous day; it is the hour of darkness and silence, whan the mind magnifies the slightest sounds. The stoutest nerves require a grea' deal of 'bracing when a caiup is Btartled out of its sleep by an attack at such an hour. j Nearly all persons are more timid when alone. ' The feeling of lonesome— rie&e; is akin to fear. At Spotsylvania a staff-officer fiinohed and turned back when bearing, a message to a part of the field which required him to pass along q road exposed, to a short range fire from tbe enemy. His courage bad stood every test wlun in the company (if others, but on this accasion he had set out, alonr, aud had been seized Vith a fear which at tho time completely un manned him. ; A woman when quite alone in a house at night may be tortured by a sense of tj»ar which complett-ly destroys her peace of mind; hut let there be a child in the same room with her, and she will feel hut little apprehension of dan ger. The relief comes not from any protection nh« believes the child could afford, but from her rolease from th« fearful sense of lonesomeness which had unnerved her. j Tbero is' a peculiar significance in ' shoulder to shoulder' coursge. It sprmgs from a sense of the strength whioh comes from union, the confidence which lies iu comradeship, the support derived from a familiar ' touch of the elbow.' . . A battery of artillery has often heen ordered to opeii lire when there was no chance of doing the enemy any dam ago, ra rely for the moral effect upon tue infantry; whose cou-'age is always increased by feeling that they have the support of the noise of. the sister arm ef tbe service, if nothing else 'Indifference to danger, is not always the form of courage which should en title its possessor to the highest credit. It is a negative virtue as comparod with ihe quality, which enables one to per form a dangerou* duty while reali-iing the full measure of the peril encoun tered. These two trsits are best illustrated by the old story of the two soldiers whose regiment was charging up a hill in a desperate attempt to capture a battery. When half-way up, ono of turned to the; other and said, ' Wiy you are as pale as a sheet; you look ;tke a ghost; I beli«»» you're afraid.' ?' Yes, I' am,' was the answer; ' and if you were half aa much afraid as I um you'd have run long ago.' It is some thing liighor than physical courage, it U a species of .moral courage, which re cognises the danger and yet overmas ters the sense of fear. When the fa mous mine iu front of Petersburg bad been completed, and the Nalional troops drawn up ready to charge the enemy's works as soon as tho mine had done its work in creating a breach, the signal was given just before daylight, the fuso was lighted, and the command Btood wait ing with intense anxiety for the explos ion wh ch was to follow. But seconds, then minutes, then tens of minutes passed, and still no sound from the mine. The suspense became painful, and the gloom of disappointment over spread the anxious faces of officers and men. The fuse had been spiiced about midway. It was now thought that there was a defect in tbe splioe, and that it was at this point that the fuse was ha. ging fire. The day was breaking, the enumy was becoming alert ' ut sight of our unmasked columns, there was not a moment to be lost. Lieutenant Doughty aud Ser geant Rees, of the 48th Pennsylvania j infantry, now volunteered to examine the fuse. They entered the long dark gallery which led to the mine, and without stopping to - calculate the chances of life, calmly exposod them selves to one of the most horiible forms of death. With no excitement to lend them its intoxication, with nothing to divert their minds fro® tho fate which seemed to await them, they followed the course of the fuse through ihe long subterranean passage, fouud the defe t at which the spark had been arrested; aud made a new splice. On the return the match was again ap plied, and the train was now prompt to do- its deadly work. These men dis ilayed even a higher order of oourage than those who afterwards charged into the breach. Perhaps the most striking case of dcBperate and deliberate com age which the history of modern warfare has fur nished was witnessed at Cold Harbor. Che men had been repeatedly repulsed iu assaulting earth-works, had .- each time lost heavily, and had become im pressed with the conviction that such attacks meant certain death. One erening, after a dangerous assault had been ordered for daylight tho next morning. I noticed^ in passing - along the line that many of the men had taken off their coats, and seemed en gaged in mending rents in the back. Upon closer examination I found that they were calmly writing their names and home addresses on slips of paper, and pinning these slips upon the backs of their coals, so that their dead bot ies might be recognised up in the field and their fate made known to their friends at home. Never was there a more gallant assault than that made by those men the next day, though their act of the iiis-ht before bore painful proof that they had entered upon their work without a hope or surviving. Such courage is more than heroic; it is sub lime. Recklessness often masquerades as courage, but it is mado of different mettle. Plato, in reasoning npon this subject, says 'As knowledge with out justice ought to be called cunning rather tbau wisdom, so a mind prepared to meet danger, if exerted by its own eagerness and not the public good, de serves the name of audaoitv rather than courage.' Courage born of prssion or excite ment Bhonld always be looked upon wiih suspicion. It may fait at tho vfry moment it is most needed. I remem ber a soldier in ono of the regular b.itteries in the Army of the Cumber land, who had displayed conspicuous bravery in a dozen engagements while serving his gun as a cannoneer At the battle of Ohickamau ;o he was as signed to duty as a driver, and instead of paiticipating in the excitement of loading and firing, he had nothing to do bnt sit quietW on his horse, aud watch the havoc created around him by the enemy's shot, He soon became seized with a terror whioh completely unmanned i im, and after the battle he implored his commanding oflioer to send him back to hi» gun, sayisg that if he over went into another engage ment as H driver, ho felt certain he should run away and losi all the repu tation he bud ever gained. His courage had disappeared wi.h the ex citement which inspired it. Men have performed deeds of bravery by being goaded on by anger or stung with taunts, bnt those who require to be lashed into a rage before they can key up their nerves suf&- cio lly to meet danger are not the pos sessors of a courage which is trust worthy. Fierce fii-es soon b irn out. Ac ording to Shaftesbury, 'Rage can oako a coward fight, but fury or anger can never be placed to the account of C')' rage.' It is a fact kuown to every soldier th°t the most o uragejus men indulge the least in brutal bullying, and those who exhibit all the pluck necessary to make them leaders in street rows and prize rings are the first to shirk an encounter in which death stares them in the face. During onr civil war the regiments, wlich were composed of png-uglies, thugs, and midnight roun ders, with noses laid over to ono Bido as evidence of thoir prowess in bar room mills and paving stone riots, were generally cringing cowards in battle, and the little courage they exhibited was of an exceedingly evanescent order. A graduate of a volunteer fire oompany arrived in Washington one day, in the ranks of a regiment in which ho had enlisted. As he stepped from the cars he took off his coat, hung it over his arm, tilted his hat a little farther np behind, brushed his soap locks forward with hiB hand, aud snid to a midgot of a newsboy standing at the station, '* I say, sonny, hev you seen anything of Je-Jeff Davis around h'yar? Yc're I -okin' fur him.' 'You'd better go down to Rithmond and do yer lookin',' replied the boy. ;'Well, now, sonny, don't y.iu worry none about that,' said this forerunnsr of destmotion. -. 'That's de very town ve'regoinVfur, ond ven ve gets insido of it, thar von't be anything but va oant lot's' ilround thar, you bet,' In his first figli't' this same plunging swashvburilcler suddenly became seized with a fe/ling--df marked tend°rnes towards' his fellow beings generally, concluded lie did hot want to hurt any body, and soon struck his best gait in au effort to join the baggage-comiuitlee in tho rear. 