THE BLACK HOUSE INN. UY IJ. A. SAVOKV. I was just sixteen 'Alien I went to live with Mr?. ."^redmau, my father's distant cousin, who kept the Black Horse Inn on the Soudis field turnpike I was the eldest of six children, and -.villi so many little mouths to fili it is no wonder that when Mr. ^lednian wr-4e ilint she wanted a well brought up «;rl as an assist ant. not as a sen-ant, my parents gladly con sented to let mo go. partien!nr;y as she was a renowned housekeeper, and had the reputa tion of making- the host j>'.cUes, preservers and home-made wine, of anybody in all the country round about. My duties were In assist in the scwiinr, keepiu" the accounts of the inn. and any other Sight labor which was required. My father accompanied r.ic to J1 and saw me settled in the mail coach, which passed tliro;i'_'h S iii iisJield twice a wv;:k. It was before t!ie days <_f railroads. and it was q lite dark when we drew up to the " lilack Horse,'" where the passengers were to spend the night. The house was large, and situated on the high road where the Sondisiieid turnpike crossed the road from Newtown to War chester. It had every convenience of yard and stable, a good srarden. a fine orchard,and a large farm attached. It stood on high ground, and commanded a view for many a mile over the country. Tiie 15 mail-coach stopped over night there twice a week, beside, the daily coach from Newtown to \\\rarchester chaneed horses there, and all the farmers on their way to market, peddlers and travellers, either on horseback or in carriages, always stopped at the " Black Horse," for rest and refresh ment. Mrs. S ted man was a tall, angular woman of about sixty ; her hair, which was white as snow, she wore puffed high on her head, un covered by the cap which in those days was universal. She had bright black eyes and a high color. I have heard she was a con finned opium eater. I think she had the most severe countenance I ever saw, and one was careful of one's conduct before her. There was 110 gossip between the men and the maids at the " Black Horse/' and woe betide the luckless kitchen giri or stable boy who dared to laugu in her presence. I had beard her story before I came there. She was early feft a widow, with a beautiful daughter, whom she idolised; but the son and heir of a rich mail from a distant city, who came to fish in the waters of the reiil-dam, had induced her to elope with him J it was not supposed ihas he had married her. Her mother was a woman of bigh. spirit, strict and proud. She never forgave the man or her daughter; it was said she had returned their letters unopened. At all events, no one ever spoke of Clara Sted man, and it had been more than fifteen years since the day when she fled with her young lover. Mrs. Stedman was very kind to me; but if I had been of a lively turn, as many girls of sixteen are, I'm afraid I should have found it pretty dull in the old house, after the cheer less November days came on ; but I applied myself to learning how to make the various viands for which the house was famous, and at other times I hemmed towels and table linen; beside there was always the books to keep, which had to be attended to every night. Mrs. Stednaan's room was a large one up stairs, in an L of the house ; there was a flight of stairs leading from it down to a large closet, between the kitchen and dining room. This closet was a sort of butler's pantry; in it were kept the best china and glassware, cutlery and table linen, and on the top shelves many of the preservers and jellies, A trap door led to the cellar below, where the wines and other commodities were. I often sat at the old secretary in Mrs. Stedman's chamber casting up accounts or writing off recipes. It was a curious old desk, filled with innumerable drawers and pi goon boles. She often opened the drawers and showed me their contents; rare spices and drugs and essences; costiy at the time of my story, and not common yet. Mixtures for taking out. stains, powders for destroying moths, and a famous poison for killing rats, which she said was never known to fail. This was a white powder, securely sealed in a glass bottle. I suppose now it was arsenic, but 1 did not know it then. I must have been in great favor with her or she would never have shown me all these treasures, but I think it was because I exerted myself to learn housekeeping, was quiet ana sober, aud had no looks of levity, Jt was about the middle of November, The country fairs and festivals were over for the season, and travellers who bad so often stopped at the " Black Horse " during the summer were few and far between now that the days were growing short and chilly. The stage coaches and an occasional horseman alone relieved the monotony. Mrs. Stedman had her apples and vegetables gathered, her corn harvested and husked, her cattle and swine killed and salted. We had fairly settled down for the 'Winters" quiet, when one cloudy, cold day. which seemed to portend snow, as I was sitting close to the dining-room window doing some sewing, and Mis. Stedman was in her own room, putting away the linen from the weekly wash, the sound of horse's hoofs made me look out upon the road, and there I saw a gentleman mounted on a powerful gray horse, Tiding straight up to the stable door. As he dismounted, I saw he was rather a handsome man. of about thirty-eight or forty, lie had a good-natured look, like one who takes the world easy, and at the same time there was a good deal of determination about his well shaped mouth. He walked in as if the place were familiar to him. and asked if Mrs. Stedman were at home and if he could have dinner. Before [ could answer either question, she came down stairs and received the gentleman wkb more ceremony and respect than 1 had ever seen her bestow upon any one. Judging from her manner, he was an entire stranger to her. I thought he glanced sharply at her, at first, and then seemed satisfied: for he entered the parlor, which she <jp?.«ed for him, an I in a careless way flung himself d >wn in an easy chair before the lire, to await dinner. Mrs. Sichuan seemed greatly excited. She told me to lav the tabic with the best linen, silver and china, and went In r sslf into the kitchen to sapciutoud Tatty while she cooked the meal, a thing s' e seldom did for anybody. Sh p.'iit me into the ccliar for a hot!le of t:e iet wine jr contained, and toll nie to pour it into the nicest cut-glass deoan'er. J hal an idea that she had discovori-d the gentleman to be some <rreat povs-mag; -the governor perhaps, travelling in d:s-_rni*-, an i for that reason treated him with ssie'i rcsp-jet. "When the table was all laid, ar. "i the dinnev ready to beset upon it. Mrs. Su-dman told me to i_'o ai'ain into the eelhir for a certain famous pickle sin: kept there. I did as I was told, and she went up to her ro -m. As I have said hef^re, there was a trap door leading to the cellar, in the closet where the stairs leading to her room were. Ir, was not directly un;:er litem, and I suppose I was not sronc so Jong a-- she expected, for, as I came up with the piekie jar 1 saw her swiftly di-seend the stairs with the scaled bottle con taining the white powder in her hands : and going to the table shook a little of it into the wineglass. and pouring some wine out of the decanter she tilled the glass and called out to me- still in the cellar as she supposed, to open the parlor door, and say to the gentle- | mart thai dinner was served. Then she' quickly went up to her room again. I was so horriiied at what I had seen that, | for a momeut, I could notjmove: then-and : I shall never know what impelled me. some thing I could not help-I rushed to the table, seized the wine glass, and pitched it and its ; contents out of the window. As 1 did so I heard a slight no".*s near the parlor door, and there stood the gentleman observing me. " And so that's her game, is it l"~ he said, half to himself. He s'ood silently for a moment, then be : turned to me and said : ] I saw the ivlf'le of if, my girl; go and j ask Mrs. Stedman to comc here." I did ns she bade, me, and presently she ' cam"- He" faee was deadly pale, and her j black eyes had an unearthly brightness. j The gentleman drew a step or two nearer, and said : I i; Ymi re^gnisa me, I see, Mrs. Sredmrm."'' j i; Don't Ishe answered, in a low voicc. The gentleman laughed. I " If J had partaken of your hospitality, my wife might have been a widow at the hands j of her own mother." At these words 1 saw Mrs. Stedman change color. I " Wife she faltered. {i Yes, my honored wife, and the mother of my children - your daughter Clara. Of course I married her ; 1 had no intention of doing otherwise. It va* done privately, to keep it from my father. If you had not been too cursedly proud to open her letters, you would have kno-v it long ago. By Gcorirs! you're not going to faint!"' for Mrs. Stedman sank down on the floor without a word. I screamed, and the cook and the kitchen maid came running in, and between us we raised Iter and placed her on the sofa; but presently she started up and went to her own room, and we heard lier lock the door. Missus has seen a ghost." the kitchen maid said. The cook hinted darkly at "spasms,'1 but Mr. Livingstone and I looked at each other without a word. Well. 1 suppose I can have my dinner now," he said, at last. And I must say lie ate it with a better ap petite than I shouid have supposed possible under the circumstances. He even drank some of tlie wine, and praised its fine flavor. Toward sunset he rode away, leav'ng a note for Mrs. Stedman. We all went about our business, for work never slacked in that house, and the evening coach was expected. It came with the usual bustle of changing horses and getting supper for the passen gers ; but Mrs. Stedman did not appear, nor did we hear from her until nearly noon the next day, when her bell rang, and the maid said Mrs. Stedman wanted me. I went up to her room, and such a change I had not expected to see. Her face was as white as her hair, and her hand shook visibly. She extended toward me a long knitted purse which was filled with gold. " Alice," she said, " you are a good girl; take this, and to-night when the B coach startsj go home to your parents. I will take care that no blame is attached to you." I don't want money, Mrs. Stedman, but I will go home if you will let me, and tell no one but my father and mother/' I said. She held out the purse and pointed to the door, and I left the room and hastily packed my trunk ; and when the coach was ready, got in and started for home. My parents were very much surprised when it set me down at the door, and they were still more astonished when I iald my story. Mrs. Stedman continued to keep the "Black Horse Inn" ten years longer, when one morning she was found dead in her bed. She never visited her daughter, but I have heard that Clara and her children passed a few weeks with her every summer. Mr. Livingston she never saw again. When her w?ll was read it was found that she had divided her property in equal shares between her eldest grandson Stedman Livingston, and myself 