MISCELLANEOUS. CRICKET HT VICTOBX*.-Dr. H. J. H. Scott, the famous batsman, has been interviewed, and has given vent to aeve« ral opinions which havo especinl bearing upon the present state of cricket and its decadence in Vio tor ia. He said: It is certain that tho successes of the earlier teams ia England gave cricket an extraordinary flllnp. But we bad marvellous men then who TOBO head and shoulders abovo all others ; and their trips home did a lot in the way o2 bringing men out. That'Bwbyl think Worral will astonish everybody, and do bettor than most people think. You sea he ban always played at a disadvantage in having to work; at his trade at night. But at home ho will be able to Riva all his attention to the game ; and, believe me, ho will accomplish wonders. Wherever I went in Eng. land people were anxious to know all about Turner, for his extraordinary performances with tho ball were published all over the kingdom. He isthe show man-the star-of the team ; and thousands of people are likely to be drawn to matches ii for nothing else than to BOO Turner bowl. He goes home with as big a reputation as any cricketer ever had ; and all I hope is that he will sustain it. They have no maa like him in England : and his style, as far as I con judge, is altogether unknown there. If he only gets his hand well ÍD, they will nevor and him out. Trott I do not think so much of, for thora are Nepean and Martinean who bowl just the sama woy : and English players have thoroughly mastered it. Trott really has not the ghost of a BIIOV» of doing anything with the bal), though, by tua way, he might turn out a surprise as a bat. Pot-hunting-playing for trophies-is tho curse of the) game ; and you find it rampant among junior clubs. While I was at home X was at Lord's one day reading some Aua« tralian papers with a lot of English cricketers ; and wa came aorosa the report of the annual meeting of th» Qneensberry club, I think it was, and there we saw thatno fewer than twenty trophies had been distributed. Well, you know, the fellows who were with mo just shrieked with laughter i for in ney yourself what sort of a thing it must be when each man gets a couple of prizes or sol Mind, too, they were valuable things, such as gold lockets, tea and ooffeo services, and so on. Now, whoa junior clubs g;ve their mon things like those, you cannot expect that tho players will leave; to join the senior clubs, where nothing of tho kind prevails. I remember the time, only a few years ago, when South Melbourne and East Melbourn« used to play big games which were witnessed by thousands of spectators. The junior clubs then were the Mautacue, the Capulets, the Lincolns, and others, to which Baker, Slipht, and Tom Groube belonged. Well, when South Melbourne asked these men ta join them they were only toa glad of the chance, and did BO at once. Awong the juniors now there aro plenty of men equally aa poe d us those I ha va mentioned; but while this blessed pot- bunting system ia allowed it io impossible to induce them to leave. There ta Drysdale, for instance, or Letch er. What right havo they among the juniors 1* Bat how aro yunto induce them ta leave, for I suppose such men as these are simply swamped in medals, and lockets, and tua services. I have been ten years a cricketer ; and all tho trophies I ever got you could put in your eye, so to speak. We should begin matones at ll, have half an hour fop lunch, and play till ..hnlf.pnstO, iusfc as they decided to do in England, on the motion. Ibelievoy of old W. G. Gmo, Then you could get your matehss finished in three daja instead of running them into four of fivo. Why, you nevor hoar of a four days* match at home ; and yet there matches j aronevcr.orvexyseldomatallevonts.drawn. My conviction [ is that if we have a rest now from big cricket, there will bo in four years' time a thorcugh revival ; and the game will maka a frosh start on a basis from which it will noe ! easily be shaken. Four years is quite plenty ; »nd I fancy that before the end of that time English paoplo will BO olamoring for tho visit of anothor Australian Eleven. lEQ-BEifOBE-wiCKET. - Tho question of leg-boforo* wicket bas excited tho cricket world at homo considerably. Tho London. REFEREE wroto concerning1 it ss follows : As far aa I can follow current arguments on the cricket controversy, which keeps smouldoring and bursting into flame or print, two quite different points aro being involved in one issue. Consideration for bowlers and opposition to drawn games oro overlying tho lbw question. To mo it is u pity that a probability exists of the rights and wrongs oí leg-before- wíckot, a question of law and equity, being con« sidered by the light of general expediency on quite another issue. A batsman's taking unfbir advantage of the bowler has not, or ought not, to have anj thing to do with f eolias? ou tho average preponderance of success or failure in the ever waging battle between tho knights of th« bat and tho half. This undesirable practice-sharp practice-of beating tho bowler which has led to tho agitation for reconstructing the law should bo argued on its own merits or demerits, just as should the question of fair bowling or throwing. But, unless I am mistaken, main attention is bciag directed to arranging to prevent drawn matches. Peoplo talk about looking af tor the bowlers' interests, becanso, ii tho trundlers aro not protected, matobos will bo drawn instead of played out. That is inequitable and absurd. What would havo been thought of an anti-Crossland crusader, whoso chief objection to that undiluted undis- guised thrower was thal ho took wickets so fast thad matchos in which ho played did not last two days each ? On the faco of it, tho plea would be voted childish. Yet all the talk about padding defence lending itself to prevent games from being concluded furnishes a perfect parallel. -At the special general meeting of the County Cricket ¡ Council, the following resolution was passed: "That tba ! attention of the M.C.C. be called to the unsatisfactory j effect of law 24, and to recommond that it sholl be so 1 altered as to secure that a batsman shall bo out ' If with any part of . his person, being in a straight Une front wicket to wicket, be stop the ball which, in tho opinion oj the umpire, would have hit tho wioket.'" This was sub« mitted by Mr. A. J. Webbo, tho honorary secretary of the council, to tho M.O.OY committee, which do I cidod ¡-That a sub-committoo bo. appointed to conside* and report to tho general committee whether any undue I advantage rests with the batsman or with tho howler under tho existing laws of cricket, and, if se, what stops should be taken to remedy this detect." The sub-committee eon« sißtod of Lord Roseborough, Lord Ly t toi ton, Messrs* Royle, W. E. Denison, A. W. Ridley, V. E. Walker, and A. J. Wobbe, with tho treasurer and seorotary of tho M.C.C. The outcome of the sub- committoo's deliberations has been that tho committee of the M.C.C. has declined to alter tho existir, g law, I ALBTJUT,-The first eleven of Albury visited Wodonga on "Saturday last, and compiled a score of 101 against 17 (all out) made by tho Wodonga club. OBAKOE.-Thu Guyong Cricket Club scored its sovonta victory on Saturday out of eight matches it has played this season. This last match was against Blayney, «nu soma tall scoring waa mada ; E.Evans rutting togothorCa for Guyong, Glasson 30, W. Evans 15, Grifllth 14, Sutton 113r and E, W. Evans 12, Tho total for tho Innings waa 1107\. Blaynoy made 33, of whieh Barry Boorod ll, mo Shakspear 10. GitENrntt v. YOUNO.-Tho return crloket match Gren« fell r. Young, for tho Shaokol Cup. was played on wgur* day. Tho Youan team waa again victorious, making 280 aa against 112. Only ono innings was played. The Gronfou players attributo their dofeat to the faot that their bost players woro unable to loavo homo. ^mo Piu.iaA.-A cricket miitoh was played boro on April JJ, botwoon the looal cricket toam and an olevon from Bugii bono and adjoining- atation», and reaulted ia "«»Tot °,B Bugilbone by 2tf runs. Highost sooror for Pflüg», -U« Mason; £l7i for Bugilbono, J, I, Capp, 22 run*> 