| VARIETIES. llnnprerH ol° (lie llci'p. A derelict is anything Hint lias been forsaken or abandoned, and, as applied lo the srn, il is a vessel that has been abandoned by her crew, and left floating on the ocean. Derelicts are much more plentiful than a casu.il observer would imagine. Resides vcsselssunkncnr the coast in suflicietiUy shallow water to make their protruding masts dangerous t<> passing ships, there were, on nil average, seventeen floating derclicts in the North Atlantic reported to the Hydrogrnphic office for each month of the year 1880. " A larger number of them was sighted in the late fall, winter and eaily spring than duting the other seasons of the year, no doubt because there were then more dangerous storms 011 the ocoim. Some of these derelicls drift around, month after month, at the will of the -wind and current and arc reported time after time by passing vessel}. The most interesting wreck that has been vepoi ted for some years is doubtless that of the derelict schooner Twin/;/ one friends. She was abandoned on March ill, ISSfi, about one hundred and seventy miles east of Cape Henry. Doing lumber-laden, she continued lo float. I ler masts were carried away close to the deck, so that there was hit little surface exposed to the wind, and her progress was almost entirely due to the current of the fiulf Stream. Her track across the Atlantic was directly in the route of the European steamers, by whom she was sighted many times, and whose captains doubtless grew to regard her as worse than twenty-one enemies ! The last report received placed her about (-evenly miles north of Cape Orleg.il, Spain, on December 1, 1885. She was probably towed into some port by the Bay of Biscay fisherman, who must have regarded htr as a rich find. During her Ijng cruise, she covered some three thousand three hundred miles, which made an average of about four bundled and twenty-live miles of progress each month. The bark MowlamI Hill was abandoned on February '27th, and last reported on November 12, 188li; tho derelict schooner Ida Fraud* zigzagged between Bermuda and the east coast of Floiida for nine months ; the schooner J.ivin S. ilfclsoii was wrecked on February 27th, about one hundred and fifty miles east of Cape Hattttn.s, and was iast reported on October ;i, 188(1, about two hundred and fifty miles south of Uape lince, Newfoundland. Each of theso vessels was lumber-laden: each lias drifted hundreds of miles and reported many times, and one or all may bo sighted again. A number oE similar cases could be given where derelicts have been reported month after month in tho highway of commerce. Fogs and icebergs arc encountered only at a particular period of the year, and within cei tain limits ol'the ocean, but derelicts are liable to be met anywhere and at any time. A ship striking ono of thesj water-logged wrecks would be apt lo sustain about as much damage as if she ran upon a rock. An inhospitablo coast is known at night by its lights, the presence of icebergs by the chill oi the water in their vicinity; but during darkness or fogs there is nothing to indicate the presence of a derelict. Sometimes, when it is found necessary to abandon a vessel, her captain is thoughtful enough to set her on lire. Sometimes, if the sea be smooth and the weather favorable, a captain, on meeting one of thcic derelicls, will lower a boat and send some of his crew lo (ire her, but this is also a rare occurrence. Reports arc occasionally received of ships being injured by striking wrecks, and no doubt some of those thai have left port, and never been heard from afterward, have been lost in just this way. During the year ISSli, one of the smaller steamers of the navy did good service by blowing up sunken wrecks on the Eastern coast. It would be a harder undertaking lo destroy derelicls in the middle of the Atlantic, but in a recent annuil report, Commander Bartlell has recommended that the government lake the initiative toward bringing about an international Agreement for an efficient ocean police. Perhaps the most novel derelict on record was that of the great raft which it was attempted to row round from the Canadian coast to New York some months ago. The attempt failed, the lowing steamer broke away from (lie raft, and the great mass of logs was left to lloat about directly in the path of vessels coming into New York. Fortunately, the raft was speedily broken lip, and the logs were scattered, and no serious casualty is known lo have ocourrcd from collisions with them. A word on the subject of buoys which have gone adrift may not be amiss. While most buoys arc small and insignificant, a few are large and heavy, and might do considerable damage to a ship if run into at full speed. There is a small number oflighted, whistling buoys aL important points on our coast. These are of mammoth size, and act as beacons, and at the same time, they give warning by the noise they make. The whistle is automatic, and is sounded twenty or tliiity times a minute by the action of the sea. There is a chamber into which gas is forced, and it is lighted by means of a lens-lantern at the top of the buoy. Of course the gas must be replenished at regular intervals. One of these enormous buoys was driven from its moorings of)' Cape Hatlcras, in December, 1885, and, after taking an involuntary journey of about twelve hundred miles, it was, on the twenty-fifth of the following May, captured and lowed into Bermuda by an English steamer. It was in good condition but evidences of its long trip were found in the large barnacles adhering to it. When it started on this cruise the gas was soon exhausted, causing the light to become extinguished, but doubtless the whistle continued to pipe lustily wilh every rise and fall of the sea. Imagine the dismay of some superstitious mariner, whoso ears t-hould be greeted by a half-dozen violent whoops in Ihe small hours of the night, when he comfortably believed that no object was within miles of tho ship.— Lieutenant A. Jl. Underwood, V. S. iV". A'reoent biography tells « good Btory of Honr.v fho Fonrfh'of Franco. A certain M. de la Vieuville, in tho servico of tho Dae da Never?, constantly importuned Lis chief for Homo order in recognition of his .services, and finally, al D -• Nevo.-s's request, tho king conferred on him tho blue ribbon of the Order of tho Holy Ghost. When De hi Vienville, as the ceremony of investituvo required, said : ' Dominej'non Rum digitus (Sire, I am not worthy)'. Henry pleasantly replied, 'Iknow Unit very well; and it in only to ploaso my good cousin Do Novors that i givo it you.' ■■Onco'Djo' Smart, a noted Western bandit, with two confederates, bought all tho playing ef.rds in El Paso at GoldbergV stationery store, paying for them seventy-lire dollars, and when questioned what thoy intendod doing with them, said they wore going up to the mines and expeoied to do a great bu&iness;, but if they failed, would liko tho privilege to return thorn what thoy did not use. Goldberg consented, and in a few days they returned with about half of them. This samo Goldberg was in tho habit of furnishing all tho farobanks in town -with cards and upon receiving ordors from them, and haying nono on hand excepting those returned by Smart, he divided the lot between the different' banks,' and on . the aamo night, every ' bank' in ElPaso was .'ibhstod'iby Smart and a few of his confederates. Tho lust ' bank broke' examined their cards and found that_ every card had ; baiJn ' pinched.' An investigation at each bank showed their cards pinched in tho same manner. It was found out next day that Smart had returned these cards to Goldberg, anil of course it was decided that Smart and his gang ' pinched' them. Tho town was too hot for him for several days after. It was estimated that the winnings on that night woro about ouo huudrod and tweuty-five tliousuud dollurd. j 