CHAPTERI VII. TELLS HIOW UNCLE LOVEDAY MADE A DI1* COVERtY;. AND WHAT THE TIN BOX CON TAINCD, An houne afterwards I was sitting at the bedside of my dying mother. The shock of that terrible meeting had brought her under standing-and death; for as her mind returned her life ebbed away. White and placid she lay upon her last hed, and spoke no word ; but in her eyes could be read her death . warrant, and by me that which was yet more full of anguish, a tender rut unfading reproach. This world is foll of, mirunderstandings, but seldom is met one en desperare. How could I tell her now? And how could she ever under. stand? It was all too late. " Too late! too late I" the words haunted me there as the bright sun struggled through thedrawn blind and illumined her saintly face. Tueyand the look in her sweet eyes have haunted me many a day since then, and would be with me yet, did I not believe she knows the truth at laste. There are too many ghosts in my memories for Heaven to lightly add this one more. She was dylog - slowly and peec*fully dying, and this was the. end of her waiting. He had returned at l-et. this hu-band for whose coming she had watched so long. He had returned at last, after all his labour, and had been laid at her feet a dead man. She was free to go and Join her love. T' me, child as I was, this was sorely cruet. Death, as I know now, is very merciful even when be seems most merciless, but as I sat and watched the dear life slowly drift away from from me, it was a hard matter to understand. The pale sunlight came, and flickered, and wenb; but sheb lay to all seeming unchanged Her pulse's beat was failing-failing ; the broken heart feebly stroggling to its rest; but her sad eyes were still the same, appealing, questioning, rebuking-all with'mt hope of answer or explaation So were thby when-the sobbing lishermen lifted her from the body, so would they he until closed for the last sleep. It was very cruel. My father's body lay in the room below, with Uncle Loveday and Mr.. Buevargus for watchers. Now and again my uncle would steal softly upstairs, and as of01ly return with hopelessness upon his face. The alock downstairs gave the only sound I heard, as it marked the footsteps of the dark angel coming nearer and nearer. Twice m mm.?ther's lips p.rted as if to speak ; but though I bentd ' -n tI catch her words, I could hear o no 4;- and atabd hLti ,an fe, aIl the swe memories of her came back in a sad, reproaohful train. . Once more we sat together by the widowed hearth, reading; once more we stood upon the rocky edge al Pedn.glAe and looked into the splendours of the summer sunset ' for father's ship ;' once more we knelt together in Polkimbra Church, and prayed for his safe return; once morq I heard that sweet, low voice-once more. Ah, never, never more1 Uncle Loveday stole into the room on tip.toes, and looked at her ; then turned and asked SHas she spoken yet?! .No.' He was about to leave when the lips parted agaln, and this time she spoke ' He is coming, coming., Hush I that is his athe dark eyes were ablaze with execta. tion; the pale cheek aglow with hope. I bent down over the bed, for her voice was very low. SHe is coming, I know it. Listen I Oh, husbhand, coma quicker, quicker I ' Alas Ispoor saint, the stepyouli.ten for has gone before, and Is already at the gate of heaven. ' le is here I Oh, husband, husband, you have come for me I' A moment she sat up with arms out. s'retohed, and glory in her face; then fell back, and the arms that caught her were the arms of God." After the first pang of. bereavement had spent itself, Uncle Loveday got me to bed, and there at last I slept. Tbhe ver bewilderment- of so much sorrow enforced sleep, and sleep was needed ; so that, worn out with watcitng and excitement, 1 had not so much as a dream to trouble me. It was 10 o'clockin the morning when I awoke, and saw my uncle sitting beside the bed. Another sunn was bright in the heavens outaide; the whole world looked so calm and happy that my firest impulse was to leap up and run, as was my custom, to mother's room. Then my ares fell on Uncle Loveday, and the whole dreadlrl trn'h came aurging into my awakened brain. I sank back with a low moan upon the pillow, Uncle Loveday, who had been watching me, stepped to the bed and tonb my hand. ' Jasper, boy, are you better?' After a short struggle with coy grief, I plucked up heart to answer that I was. 'That' a br.ve boy. I asked, because I have yet to tell you somet'aing. I am a doctor, you know, Jusper, and so you may rake my word when I say there is no good it what is called "breaking news." It is always beest to have the pain over and done with; at least, that's my axoerience. Now, my dear buy, thoughl (Gd knows you have aorrow enouob, there is still something to tell ; atll if you are the boy I take you for, it is h?et to let you know at once.' Dimly wondering what now blow fortune could dool me, I eat up in bed and looked at my uncle belpl.*aly 'Jasper, you think-do you not-that your father was drewnel!' * Of course, uncle.' 'He woe not drowned.' Not drowned !' * No,.Jasper, he was murdered.' The woroe came slowly and solemnly, and even with the frest ehock of surprise the whole truth dawned upon me. This, thene, ext oined the elfeit my name had wrought upon those two strange men. This was the reason why, as we sat upon Dead Man's Rock, the eyes of John tHallton had refused to meets mine; this was the reason why his murderer aee gripped me en viciousnly upon Iteady 'Money Beach. These few wordsof my nocle's beman slowly to piece together the scattered purzne of the last two days, so that I half gleaseed the anewr an I askld- .. I$!lX a he ne ii Rh"lo'o?u'A waeis, ed ,h .: Vi alst -i SltO wn' words, 'captsain, it wee yu l kuife.'C'As certai oly as if r hbd fitted tl.' weapon to its case, I knew that men bad prompted father's murder. Even as I knew it my terror of him fIded away, and a blind and helpless hate sprang upits stead; help leas now, but some day to be masterful and worthy of heed. That the man who called "imeell Georgio ,hodojani was guilty of one death. I knew from the witnree of my own eyes ; that he bad two more lives upon his black account-for the band:that struck my father bad also slain my mother-I knew as surely. And the devil has got his due,my lder ! No, not yet; there was still one priceless soul for hint to wait for. lHe was stabhed,' repeated Uhcle Love day, ' stabbed to the heart, andifrom behind. I found this blade as I examined your poor faher's booy. It was broken off close to the hilt, and left in the wound, which can hardly have bled at all. Death must have been immediate. It's a strange bneinees Jasper, and a etrange blade by the look of It' Ii took the blade from his hand; It was about tin. in length, sharp, and' curionsly worked; one aide wee quite plain, but the other was covered with intricate tracery, and down the centre, bordered with. delicate fruit and flowers, I spelt out the legend 'RiconDATI.' Wnat does that word mean? ' I asked, as I handed back the steel My voice was so calm and steady that Uncle Loveday' glanced at me for a moment in amazement before he answered ' It's not Latin, Jasper, but it's like Latin, and Isbhonld think must mean 'remember,' or something of the sort.' S"Remember," I repeated. ' I will, uncle. As surely as father was murdered; I will remember-when the time comes.' 't'hey were strange words from a boy. My uncia looked at me again, but doubtless thinking my brain turned with grief, soid nothing. 'I--ave you told anybody;' I' asked at length. '1 have seen nobody, There will be an inqueet, of course, but in this case an inquest can do nothing. Murderer and murdered have both gone to their ancount. By the way, I. suppose nothing has been seen of the man who gave evidence. It was an unlikely tale and this makes it the more suspicione. Bless my soul I ' said my necle, seddenly. 'to think, it never struck me before I' Your father was to sail in the Belle F]ortune, and this man rave the name of the ship as the James and Elizaheth.' 'It was the BelUe Fortune, and the man told a falsehood ' 'I euppose it must have been.' 'I know it was.' 'Know How do you know 7' 'Because the James and Elizabeth is lying at Falmouth Harbour, and her captain is down at the ' " Lgger."' (TO BE CONTINUED) 