CHAPTER II. I-THINK niy chauiber« wore amongst j thc tiniest in to wa. If there are leas spacious apartments they are inhabited by . pepplç «maller of stature than the average Briton, or »ot inhabited at alt. The bedroom wat about the size of a Saratoga trunk, and the «Utiug. roora was only a trifle' larger, I was vary happy there #nd very; full bf dreams áud ambition, and Ispeutmy daye Ul pursuits more br less; literary; I iras not1 qui te certain in what direction I! was to Messum, but I had a modest certainty that I should flower out in one- way' or j another, and become rich -and iambusj-a I delusion which I have found td be common amongst bookish' young men of three : Or foiir-and-twenty. Iliad written a three, act comedy, which no manager would ; eb mneh as look at, and ;d fivè-canto p »ém, ¡ whû-li tte publisher ? would venture i to iutroiuce loan uninterested world; and I m the course of-a score or so of - chapters I had got tiie characters of àh intended i novel into so un«mbly a muddle of orossi purposes that I hsA) throw*. Aside r ihe I,wh.de' tiling in discus*,' and for Hiie tibie abandoned it. . sNbnB <rf ' these tliiiiga j destroyed or abated tho modevi'tc-bnoaence already .taéntiónedi / ; ; ; X was sitting in my own roora an hour or two af ter the desp&tcU; of my answer to Mr. Delamere s invitation to diuujar,, when t hga¿rd a uôiseiof hammering over i head, and after- responding ;,lt yrbv; ft I ;vigofbus,empioTmWt':of the pokeren tjhè i brickwork of my fireplace, I . threw, .open in y cuter dopr and awaited the., arrivai lof thé píraouage» whose preaeaejä, had been signalled. Aboye me.dwelt a young mab of se ven-and-t. wenfcy--four years my sénior -Walter Pole by name, . He had bo occupation, and seemed 'in want of noue; but he had a prodigious circle of acquaint-' áu>eá. Hojead a great dani,, though how be' found timé to do. it was something of a wonder, abd he ^ Jouiiged .through.time witina solemn' insouciance ;<«rbiçh soipe paople found irritating and others charin^ ing. He waa a good .deal pf ab athlete,' i^^bW^ídjagvíiM bisV, activity .by î a Íi&Únm, of idleness, .propoing liimsel^ ap. RKtijagai^t ^la aud doora with . Ilia headrollitígidly, ar?ÍE in quest of ia .vekÛ^'/iomér, ' and bis \ kanJs . iu ide :po'ckVtaV: Hu arii Ï were; great churns^ bnt~ he feigned] to, be too, idle to . walk down-stairs to knock at my door like an . ordinary Oaws'aiu, and always demanded au answer to that noisy signal of his be- fore he would take the trouble to descend. On this occasion there was a pause be tween the signal and thé sound of his steps upon the stair, and so leaving the door open,. I resumed my book aud went on reading. In those happy days-it", was the siring of the year 1865 - Charlee Dickens was alive aud at work, and the, whole : English reading world was engaged with Mr. Silas Wegg and Mr. Nicodemus Boffin. I am aware jaow"--on the authority of an American gentleman who ought to know -that since the great masters death fic- tion has grown to be a finer art than it was in his day, but - somehow-whether with advancing vpars , one's faculty fo^ enjoyment grows duller, or whether the gilt has been rubbed pff the fictional gingerbread by tko defaciugfiand of Ti mp, as it bas been rubbed pit gingerbread, of sh many other kinds-there comes nobody who delights nié in Ivis , îr'tfjJ'-1. would fain hayo the finer soV ?^w-Äujp'ln"' t'tö;:;|aat; .'seora" ot. years, abolishedjjand thé dead maéterbackagaiii: or-and the second irish seems likelier pf . fulfilmeut^vr^ see fp^iuffijjjfâ titiing wiro would.make nie laugh and cry £is he $id, íánd as lie hVA 'Me» ; whenever I look Into his noble and delightful pages. ) V IL new book trpm Die^nB^ Jji$,ewh)f ted middle-iited people remember ^ evening was falling fast, and that I was stiff and cold. I rang the ball to have the fire remade, and then walked upstairs to the first landing. The door was closed, but my chum answered to my knock; returning to his pocket as I entered the hand he had used to open it, and beckon iug me iudoors by a backward movement of his head, M was coming dowd;'he said» 'but I had a call just as 1 knocked td yon. Do you fellows know «sch ¡ other P*<\- ' Wo did not, and he introduced us te each other. '«Tones. Denham/ ; Jones presented?, ; rather < '?? a¿ 'Striking figure. He was taller than common-six feet two I should Bay-rhe ditféred very much from what oneVí ideal Jone*> should look like ; he was magnificently moustach- ed and bearded ; he had jet black Italian looking ¡eyes, -and anolive*eolöured skin. His features wero j remarkably ' delicate and refined, sud his long;wavy hair was parted in the middle. . . ; ' ; ? * I beg your pardon,1 iib said in a saft voico which liad a ¡faint süspiciou of an un-Euglish accent, 'but did ! Ieee ydur name upon the door-post as I came np« stairs ? - - i J¡ 'I lire in the rooms beloW; these,' I answered,: ;,.{ -r '?,-!,>:>', . . /»Iii«* ' Was it yon who saved Deiameré'a life the other night r" he asked. '. ; ??? wi v . ' Saved his lifo P . : ; ' : He certainly fwiil so.!, r: bir-.c-u * % saved nisi Watch»!'I i said. -J-.fT was lucky enough to hear him call ont* and when Î, turned the corner the,:men who had attacked lu(n ran away. Ï don't think his life was in any ¡danger.' ?;. i.í ¿ ... « WeW said (the tltalbtn-lookingi Jones, smoothing; hie glossy beard watha iiand of beautiful whiteness end>deüoacy; ' he qnite th'mks.he wouldihavobeen: killed if . lit had nbt bien tat Öjohappy «ccídsnt of your arrival} audjie is, I assure you, foil. ?}. lng overwith gratitud»*' »..* -r-w wa ; ßewemberiug Mr, Oblame*»** unusual , coolness J was a little surprised »;at: this, bot I said nothing. Vi t ¡:¿ywt * The DeUmetós are great frieuds of mino/ continued Jones, s ' Delamere* is a remarkable man. He has uèvàér^done half as much as! heshouíd'hsve dbne, of course; but he stands aloof íltíomxabodern art» good dnal»fii^Aivas/'with^e>ii9Bais of ^he past.' ;: ,; ./ - iii i<¡ ry* ...d' ,o«*nis With this a ceri ai^juddofil^d4tneM<*ess took possession pf ;J^'m,i au&iin; *? little while began to. develop oddly.; j ¡He irose aud poked the firp. fidgeted With the gas, raising and lowering the fiambjufttbe burners. Hostray.od'tOithe.bookTshelvos, and there took 4own;bnd opöt»ed * aeore .' ; of, volantes, ffptarnta^ , ,. eutjy wseeiog glauce nt;One,0f itsfpages. Fole»; with )one ,lpg! throw© ' mjegfean jthe other, fo}lowie4 ;tho!»itnipveniente with a glance , of some , mewing «nd awe* or . *wie»;them^^ ered recross his f«ice. an .;«(,. .nir.: * What's the mather, Jones P' asked, after a iwhtift, when Jko; other^s sigu» of uneasiness had beoouióisn marked as to seem lo «all some recognition, j : Jpnes ssemed to make ,np Jtis urfnd, and thenaeemed to.rce^Üf^ "his déter- mination^ and theu seemed iq' make up his naudagam. .,.;"".; r"| ; :'Db you, Sketch »t »il, P .n$Qftavi sketchiug ..tools about ?,, : Anything will do.' ' ' ;'.. V .':'..,'..f-.'.vu ' «No* «aid ¡Pole,'.Itm^aorry to^ayl do , nothing' m "that Hut^ is ..iji,tlmt's a hurting you, ii^:iboy^-''^^¡l0¡^ amatusT ?"«m-i« ' I've an idea,' said Jones,- mfopiflg a's if it buri him lo have ibis not t'mvj^in^ed bit of fun poked at bim. ; * 1 want tb get it down before it goes. Anything wiildo. A bit of brown paper and .a fragment of charcoal. Anything.' , i * There's your brown paper,' returned ï'ole, opening a drawer and setting a sheet of paper on the table. * And there's your material for charcoal.'; He drew a packet of firewood from a locker, and cut- ting the string which surrounded it, thrust one of the pieces between the bars of the fire-place, aud left ij¡ there., Jones pounced upon. the paper, smooth- ed it with both hands' upon the table, and then thrust a second stmk between thebara. '\ uAi-u-:'''-. ' ' '.'.' ' * Don t let thal bhrü too far j' lie; said ; aud drawiug out the firsVr^^rned ibihe . table, and with tbé ; burning .bit of ¡wpod ; begau to work all manner of prepa,ratpry eager signs with ,it, jas tljoug'f jw ff^re , /hungeriug jte realise hbiidea..V " .,, /;, ,| Now atithié timeit was meat and drkik to me i ia -j sea . -añ axilist «t work ; uand I iSrose to watch the :Italum4dokin^ with an excited interest'of «a ^sortíí which thardly any :other:spectàolè în):ih» wbdd wouidhSvti^afcW -Siglamonrabout aniartieij^iaven if « duffer, whicu ne iothér'barihlylermtare bsdaboiit'Mm.,:.; Jones, : with that qolnbir v silyfshaped4Mb of cháVcóal, ltófóro||íte r^:«pa^h^^^^ to draw, wiüí a feY^ : lit a cigarette. His eagerness to get the ,... sketch made. Itad seemed a little exagger- ated, aud now his indigence aud IHXUCSS seemed a little overdone. I was yoting, aud, as does not-happen with every yoting mau iu the world, I kuow it. I mistrusted my own experience, awl yet I seemed to discover a something overdone iu the Jonesian enthusiasm of desire and-if6 -.' tepidity followed exhaustion; Did artists i . work; that way ? Were . they So seieed j , ... hy ah ideá,iatid stí incapable of resisting itf Or was Jones exceptionally gifted; or exceptionally susceptible», or was hë a ; iittle bit Of ». hum-? Í dared hardly com^ '?? ? .plete the inqdiry. ' . j- Pole stood over the table with his hands i i- iu-his pocked-and bis head on one 'side, ri .. audioekedeujoyingly at the drawing. For ; -myiown part 1 was a-little staggered 'by' .?.> Hie ^bold swiftnesi^ and i dexterity with ; ; . ! which the inspiration had been brought ¡to life, but (Pole's beaming face expressed a gratification Ä » unusual fol1 him fcfiat my ; doubts died, and I began to tl ñ uk that !.. i¡. 1¡ was itt the-presftnee ói áttew Michael' (jü Shy*' said Polö iü Iiis idle way, 'you must let me keep this, old feljow.' - i ',. r.-j,;*. If y bu care for it¿' Jones atiswe'red lan- guidly. ' It's off my mind n\ow¿ I've got »fiji Àt-ùôwà-ikâloan gee it again whenever!.: want it.' .b .: ?>:} _ . ' You don't mean to say Miat you could, reproduce this >inspiration accurately..ff'., ? Pole asked bibs still beaming at the drajv-(. Vj,. ittg. . : , , >'>'?" . * Oh, ^res,' said the artist, «Kith«careloss 'modesty. ' Y«u-seé; lié added, waking up a little,1 when »ri'ilsa gets into the mind. . itaffiersltself sometimes in a will o'-the . H< wlspieb, tantalising : kind of way. It i * comes abd goesifévéaliiig itself ingliutpsës ". s ; ichica -are'neither cleär- enough »pr. prolonged enough to make that kind pf. ¡ impression 1 bu ; the- - memory which is necessary to fixity ( But if-"you eau catch -, i v -tho- tricksy thing ' and set it in form, no M'iinattcr^hovr: iToúghlyr it is yoiir own Ïlroperty for good and all. The * definite mpressiou is seen red-W:learty stamped qn > !ttiy oind.: I ahall never forgc/t that tace . !*gaiUt*> ' ? H ?' ? ;:; 1 i> ;<. l'He drOpiied-back into langour, relit his, f «BKtiïiguiBhed ? cigarette 1 and smoked iu r;,éilonebr-!i'Twô''br,threb--ibitout-èSlàtev he arose, looked at Iiis watch, took np his hat, and said good-bye." ' ; ' . ! *>I think;' he added to me, ' that you > diu¿<at tlie Delameres oa Monday?' i: «MI wrote* to-day,' l'äuswered, faciept- . ibg*' :' ','?'' ?? " v ; ?:VV-e shall taeefcther*/ he said ; and willi. ? nuire good-byes be'went away. 7 s ¿Pole, "having closed the door behind:! oiiim, came' back at a waltz, !aud having. ??' circled tlieTooni twibe or thrice, cannoned n Against a alfa, and fell into itj langhing. ?i .' Then he got upandlookèd at the charcoal drawiug.and rubbed his hands.aud laughed again, with au enjoyment so genuine that I laughed witbbim; * Hérea Sa- lark,'' ho said still clmckliug. ' Where is it P'l acked him. * Here," he ' ans wafered 5 aud opening a ' drawerbèïowtnèi book-shclvos he''drew ' bút'W sheaf of "papers, from ' amongst trhickltë tiroducédia'rróúgh shbetof grey;: »aper, suchas grocers use, and holding it '?' TOtore me,,1 displayed tö mV "astonished ; ; vision an absolute replica of the drawing Vhieh had ' just''been executed iii' .'my presence. He set the Jfcwo side by side; j" And we'c^ujiuéd'them together. They! looked' almost as if tiley might have been ''produced from the same lithographic atone, '' ' ^What is this? I asked,' 'a eoiuci ' dence?' ; ; 4 YOB3 saidjPolb, turning bron me with' 'delicious'.grin of iwischier, ' a c'oinci :' deuce. : : Do you. kuow Wilson Craig ? No? He's a far-off cousin of mine-1 ! iíéolchmaui -Poor -Sebaistian had the same idea at Craig's only a week ago; Ho was 'tormented by it; was obliged to get it gut! ' If you tau onleë get rid; of ihe trick :,;óy;thing yoh knaw. it's ybulr own property for góefl and all." But lt comes and goes, 'tny,! bóy, revealing1 it seit, in: [g'bnpses .which afe'neiiher ¿loar endiigh ' nor' pro longed enough !to make fhatkind of im pression ". tin ihe memory which is ' neCessatytofixit:* : 1 Sebastian?' I aekod. ' Who is Sobas . iiatt?'" , ; "v* ; ' ^SbbaBtiaii ? Sébiuítiah is J lies. Se btötinn Dblin'éi' Joués. His uànie has f 1 'béeu'.»!datnagel't'o/'hjm. If .his "god-, fathers -sud godmothers at his; baptism liad seen to lt1 that lie 'élidù1à-iîbë' "called JBilly orDick, or^Toinyw HttfrVj it "Would I ' have: been tsa -sbiessing- for . hiin.;' Bbt Sebastiah (Doluier's bonnd to be a bitbat ¡íni£theíway,í;ahdí*Oi bavé artistic oranke iiiaad furies; don't ypu;see>! . «Sejíkstian , rDolmerlcau!toven speak Waíifltiveítongne ;riwithont a . little! ¡bit;;offoreign-accent.; H»wv*hould he ? 'Bill Jones would have . dobo itj;»or Dickjr-Toin,. or« HariryJ but .¡Sebastian and Dolmer couldn't manège .iifcbétiveen /em though tíiey Iriëd ever £0. -JTJbBnk»yourstars:-yon?ro plèîn John; edy; ' Rubbish J' '. enid he wheii I püfc this before him. 'The only adväutage this kind of humbug brings with it is timi & mftu Can laugh nt it. What do you think pretence exists fdr,''unless it be found out ánd laughed atP You're going to diuo with the Delanteros, are yotl ? Then you're going iatd thc rory citiddl of htiin bilg. Tjie dinner's real and" the wines are real. Plates^ knives., fijrk's, tjji'ioiis, chairs, tables, white ti«:s. shirt-fronts. dress-contH. ail teal.: But 'thé people and the senti- ments!. ÍEeejí ßebasiiah Polmer'in 3rour mind, john. '-Thefe'Sa lot of Sébastian Pointer- in- the enlightened converse of fue Delanteros. ? But wheuever yuii hear it your ^safeguard' is to pay "Jones" ,?©' yourself. Láokhero!' He becanio quite hot upon a'sudden, and struck the table, leaning across' it and looking we straight in the ' eyes. . ' I'll tell ' you ' "what you'll find there. You'll find'"toe sham' enthu- siast in art, who doesu't know a Rubens from a Vandyke; aud the shani enthusiast in humanity! whö wouldn't'Tiart with six ponce tb save yon froid/'starvation j abd tho shâm ^tbnais'ét'in'friéu'dshi^whd^ stick pin? abd uéedles in à Wäs caricature of you when you're gduo; and. the shani enthusiast in the last new fad of atheism, and; who's deadly afraid of ghosts and says, hii prayers ou the sly { and the sham enthusiast iu poetry, who's-, as woodeu under her "wooden simper as this wooden table. They tremble 'with .sensitiveness^ e very , man Jack-aud woman Jill of them, and they're just as tough-hided as a'lot of camels. They're boiling over with sym- pathy of tall-, aorta- if-you. listen to;'otu, bpi they're, dryer thad the1 desert sand. Look at this j' ; He snatched the drawing .vehemently front the table,and-held it up before me. ' Why can t plain Jones come here and say, -''I'm just itching all over .to show you-how p-aeticod and dexterous I -am. . There's a rapid bit of certainty for you! ¡ And -now I've staggered yov I'm happy!"-- Vanity's A natural passion, and like, all natural passions, itfe useful whilst you've got the bit in it's anouth; and' the reins in ¡your bauds. But the 'beggai conies ^Sebastian Bolmering with his stale old inspirations and turns his own clever ,uess iu'to»aishameful lie.r " ! They^can'taliajetike that,' Ibesftated. ¡The ífaney ¡made ; my head ache.' ï wat young and ; ingenuous and I wanted tc believe in people.' . ; .M ' Go and diue with tho Delanieres,' lie answered, -still speakifigdintly, ' and thei tell me how f ar I'm Wroúg/-' ' ' 1 ?H APTER III. ! I WENT io dine with tho Delaineres, and whilst r edressed .abd whilst 1 was. iou tlu |wsy 1 felt' as,if ;I were, somehow on i Wean'' errábalas if ' Í j wore gó\bjg to ap] but 'thedéfectéiof ray'íiosf and «ou vi yes and find out each'one of thein in a" falsi enthusiasm. Thad ho right to accept i man's hospitality on these conditions, anc the dinner begau i ö take the/ispeefc, of ai ordesV It reined" especially terrible U face Jones, Whom 1 already knew to bi a pretender. He would, probably, go oi pretending and I should have to loojc ∈ listen aä'd h^jèë 'to'^re^nd,fA'b^[da^i'ref by his prêt elisions. As'We'gct jol'der! w< take a more humorous or á more allówiuj view bf huiilau foibles, Unless We happei te bavé' been so, bitterly wounded %J; then in our sensitive'days'tíiaÜ the, ¡ffhple,worh grows hateful ; but there ;js nothing si hopeless and mournful, to the heart of ai ingenious lad than the begiunipg of dis belief in his fellow.mortale. , ' I was pjartly relieved and cheered by ai imekpi3cted enfcounter at the door of Ht Délameré's house id Cromwell Terrace A little old gentleman was in the act o discharging a hansoine there .as 1 drpvi up, Sud as he stood on tiptoe to, reach tl» outstretched hand of the cabman I recog I nised him. This' little old gentleman wa the'Revererid Dr. Fish, an old'.friend o my father's and; a great favour)te o miuei There was a good fat vicarage ii : my native Warwickshire village, and Di I Fish had held it for many years.. In hi old age he had allowed hiinself lo b f transplanted to Loudon, chiefly in orde to make room for'his son, who had takei the living the doctor had vacated. ' Ha, John, roy boy,' said the Doctoi as 1 alighted and stood waiting by hil at Mr.'Delamerc's dbor."'' ' I expected t "meet yoUiiore.' He was silent when man-servant oponed the doPV. aud while 'w^di^aib'àm88i^ ouráely'es.oi '.Uata: au ico'afs, Kilt'"Wbeik we",-had mounted th )stàirs and'found ourselves alone in., th drhwiuW-róórtihe $egsn_^tb'speak',«gail '"'T tóáiitt^íjyotó ^)d^ant r^n^açt.tnià ot|ic night.;'' Delamere mentioned it to m 'töd^bu' muln'fc "bo joffenoè^> Jpha^j tàlôèit^iSjouï doing, ,spmetbiiîg .'.for« von and as a 'Mki^r'oi^^^^^^:hàçé ùnd< my recommendation.^ besuiing benevolently, behind his gold ri inned glasses nud Iiis ßoft old ince alight tvith friendship and amiability, touched thc thorne which was in my mm I. * They áré, as I »said just now, delight ful people, büt I ani n..>t. 6Üro I Hat some of them may hot be a little dangerous if placed in contact' Mr,ith a mind not alto géthpr fdrraed. They have curious oplui'ins. evou lvpVelionsible opiulous sdmetiiiiee, srimo of thom: There s that book (>£ Seeley's and then thdt other book of Beiiau's. They are udt works which I would recommend a young niau td study ; but after all you kuoWj J olin, we must know-doubt to fight it, and I find Mr. Delamore a kin'l of .mental tonie.' lt was .plain that. Dr. Fish felt it neces- sary to justify Iiis presence there, * You don't kiiow Miss Delamere yeti'' he weint ion. ' Of course ñpt. Of course. not, A very superior' young lady, a very charm ! lng young lady. Perhaps a little over- educated. I am HQ fpend to these uow iangled notions1 about female, education but she, wears her learning lightly, and, I she'is certainly ,y<ery, charming? Mr Delamere appeared and welcomed me very agreeably, ' Tb.3 guests began to drop in, amongst tlmui .Jones, whom ; I greeted with a wretched; consciousness pf ombarrássmont, being. afraid; .though I knew how unreasonable tho fear was; that he wa« somehow, aware of jay knowledge Of "hiiii, add thinking all , the while how hideously ashamed he would have been if ho were aware of iny / discovery. I was introduced to au American lady who was assuredly oil enough to h t my mother. A lady who wrote poetry, and blushed and simpurcd behiud her fan like tho; dear young creature she had boen.thirty years earlier, and made my. life a burden to me Whilst I tried to talk 'to. her. ..¡Then 1 was introduced to ,a tall ; and stately foreigner wíio left nié abruptly tptalk to a fat, woman in rod* who received him with a shrill pcâtacy, and jthen whilst I was rather forj|ornly r t urning over, thp leaves of a book pf engravings »lady whp commanded my instaut attention sailed, into the, r<ipm, and. moved :from one to another with ; saiutatipus and welcomes, and apology for beiug.lats. There, were more reasons tiiau one for, lookiug at lier, for t(i;bfigin with she was very, strikingly beautif uland graceful, and.dressed, with a taste, which, though 1, was theu even more igupraut iii^such matters than J am. now -,and .thatis.sayipgft great dpal-r-seejned ito íne iflltQgether exquisit *.., But tue 'thing that enlisted iny attention was Ibis. The fourth drawing of 1 hat suit, of fire .'which Mr. delamere had executed upon ,tlie black; board; at ¡tbe Jocture for ;the MoraVTone Association had been neither more or less than an accurate reproduction pf Miss Delamere's .fae?. I could not help'thinking that lu a person of Mr. pelamerp's reputation there was some- thing'wanting in good, feeling and deli- cacy in , hftviug;i drawn his, daughter's features for the inst ruction and amuse- ment of that mechanical crowd, sud when Î came to remember the comments on the ? fifth drawing .and his cold blooded Artist ic improveulent On.: his child's features, I felt for the momeut asif I hated bini. But Mr. Delamere himself carrying me up to his daughter and introducing nie-to her as the hero of his . adventure of ;a week ago, and making much pf me to : her; lu spite of gome .feeble protest pf my own, I: had np time to pursue . my thoughts pf him. W;hen';it appeared that I was set apart to take Miss Delamere down to dinner,'and when it appeared further that everybody, was impressed with an absurdly untrue idea of my courage and usefulness ph the night of. the. attack, I resigned myself for awhile in a ; kind pf ; stupor, Pole's denunciation.pf the Dclameree aud their set of friends and acquaintances was with ino foran hoar and more, and noth- ing but my neighbour's easy charm of manlier drew me away from the memory of it. Mary Delamere was two years younger than myself. She had a perfect self possession aud a distinguishing quietude pf mauuer which would have become a priucess. She was very beautiful, and in h sr quiet kind; way did so much to put me at my ease that I became grateful to her aud. was not long in arriving at the conclusion, that whatever brand of insin- cerity .might have been marked upon the rest of .the people .there present, she her- self was as honest as daylight. Nothing about her pleased me so much as the soft, ¡sincere sptduity, oilier manner-* some .thing 60, gentle, and engaging thàt l have nP "words for it. i One useu to'hfear-for phrases come into! : fashion andi s go oat Again, as. clothes dofr-a good : deal bf ' the eyes as the windows Of the soul. I never knew anybody of whom the saying seemed as true as it did of Mary ¡Delamere. Candour lived in those large grey orbs of hers. They were not made to hide deceit. Before the evening was over I was ready to fight any tiling or anybody in defence pE;th^bBHef.-: ,j i,< . .'< v- ?. ; tones of g veal est affection aud AS though 6hö owned tlia nation, but I ueror learned iu what relation HIIO and the poor dear Hottentots stood tu each . other, or ou what groiind she . made thew hers. A loug-hairod, cleaii Bliavöu niau wat be- side lier and held the table spell bouud fdr awhile as he spoke of the desecration dfA Turner which was iu tho possession of a titled acquaintance. ' Tiley Ibid lind it cleaned, Delamörß,' he Said with a voice rind wanner /df ïo ¿igned despair, . ' All tjiat lovely impasto architectural s'uff turns' out td hate been ' built lip in white and glandd. . They hâve cidaued tlíp ; glajie away, and noW the thing stares at yo», with the uliddie dis- tance hanging over: the foreground-a forlorn lind of dirty chalk; I could have cried With, auger, I couldipositivfiy iiave - sited tpará , ai mortification. I could ! indeed.* . . . . The long-haired, cleanshaven mab made this protestation with; a sore hf . reservé, as if he would rather that we' didn't thfuk too highly of him for it. Jones said it was heart breaking, abso- lutely heartbreaking, aud (as an aside to thc man behind hi* chair) that he would take a little eurraut- jelly. :, ? ' ? I caught Miss Delaiuere's eye at this uioment and was guilty of tí youthful im- pertinence, of thai; edit which is only perpetrated by shy people, who as a" ntatter df fact¿ say and dd m their ?? own desperatioii, tho most impudent things which are. said and : dono iii the .world; ; I asked why tifo gentleman didn't cry, if he wanted io. Her eyes laughed, but she held up a;warning finger. i¡ ¡ ' You . must not say . that sort of thing,* she answered. * lt is.not good form.' I was horribly disconcerted, and for. awhile found nothing else to say- The man had irritated me.: I iras persuaded that ho .had ; cared less about the Turner than I should have done mys?lf, and ihat lie bad only mentioued its destruction in .order to ¿how how delicate-toned he was; ; and what a love for art ho had. But of course I had no least little right ¡to ridl , cule lier father's guests to the lady of the' house, and I told myself that nobody but a cai .-could have dreamt of making that unfortunate observation. î«t Pole's opinion of the people .was working in. me,: aud I liad been ; embarrassed by the wilful1 , exaggeration of my< own accidental Ser- vice, and Jones« trick of being inspired with the.same urgent fancy twicoTunning was present in my mind, aud i seemed to* breathe -an atmosphere of humbug winch . «tiöed «ie. : ' I suppose Miss Delamere saw my em barrasment aud took pity upon me. , . ' You Jive in Gray's Inn,- I liiiuk, Mri Denham P' . Not actually within the Inn,' I answered, de termini us; that I at least would bs precise, 'In- Warwick Oourt-i just outside:the Inn gat-^s.' ! \- Do you happen1 to known Mr. Pole, who lises there P? - she . asked me, ' Very well indeed,' ' I answered, not much relieved from my discomfiture by the introduction of his namoi {To be Continued:) . . 