TAIilC ON 'CHANGE. The telegraph cables hare failed us again, and we have been shot off from Europe, and Europe from us, for some dayB. But on this occasion there was nombunting in hot haste, no wild rash to defend the Heads. We knew that we were safe. Bjr a wise prevision of the Ministers our cadets had hcen previously called out, and lay under canvas between us and any approaching enemy. We could sleep in peace. I do not know with whom the idea of the encampment originated. But, in all seriousness, it cannot be too highly com mended. It adds to the mimic soldiership just that flavour of adventure which all boys love, and besides the practical experience that it gives, lends that halo of romance without which soldiering would be a very poor affair. I notice that a recent mail steamer leaving Sydney took the Gaiety Company from our sorrowing shores, and left out jeunesse dorte inconsolable. By the way, could'nt some of them be induced to follow! 1 was pleased to ob serve that the sains ship took away £141,000 in specie. Db these! two facts stand In the relation of ciUme <Rnd effect? If so the fair Nellie and bet companions cannot complain of "biz." " The ghost must 'have walked" to a pretty ffcne, I have a letter from a-friead, in old Mel bourne man, who.wtites from Houoburg von der HoljfV lie appears to be enjoying himself. Hegetspp7,jbalteaa tumblerful of worm water, walks |oy a quarjber of an hour, takes another tuthlfljerfiil of w&rm; water, walks for another quarfptojf ah hour,' takes a third tumblMful tp|" yater. and ,then to bfoaklast wjth wi^'upsflis hie may, wbtyh cannot be much,' one wbnld think. T?hey play there elill, he says, hat it is at lawn tennis, there being 25 eoarta at the clnb, which are always occupied. It is more healthful than the old game, but not so ex citing. By the way, I wonder what has become of the croupiers. There is no opening for them at tennis. I was reading the other day, in an English Journal, an article on cigarette smoking, or rather on an article on cigarette smoking in the Paris Figaro. "The true cigarette smoker, we are told, must be born, not made. He mast have elegant, dainty hands, for yon can no more roll a cigarette with clumsy fingers than you can play the harp, and his! face should be young and handBome, or! at least preserve the charm of what had been beautiful. The end of the cigarette touching his lips is never wet or moist; he neither coughB nor Bpits, and can move in a saloon carpeted with white velvet without ever letting a particle of ashes fall upon the floor. He answers immediately when Bpoken to, and does not keep the questioner waiting for a reply while he takes another puff; and his rosy nails are never soiled or discoloured by smoke." Dost like the picture, #oh, cigarette-smoking youth of modern time? If bo, go and do like wise. * Has atiyoile ever called this "the ready made age?" If not, 1 should like to patent the expression. We are in such a hurry nowadays, and took so much to effect, and so little to intrinsic value—are so anxious about appearances, and care so little about a tiling being what it seems—that we strive to get everything made up to bur hand, instead of taking a little trouble ourselves. Would Brummel have condescended Ito have worn one of those white ties with the bows sewn on, which are so much used-no w, instead of impressing hi9 own individuality on an artistic knot. He would as soon have thought of eating a pea—and with his knife, too. Would any true cigarette lover forego the delight of making his own cigarette—of " patting a pinch of the best tobacco on a tiny sheet of rice-paper, distributing it equally over it, and carefully and rapidly rolling it up, with a rythmic harmony, and rolling it continually, according to the particular genius oi the smoker, so that it remains im pressionable, changeable, sensible; and lively, until it be consumed." Bat that would not suit these times. Eight or ten years ago we only Baw cigarettes in the mouths of travelled friends, who had abode amongst the "Dons" or " Monseere," and who rolled them np lovingly, and smoked them as if they loved them. Now we have changed all that; we all smoke them, but we don't make them, but buy instead the ready-made "Egyptian," " Straight-cat," or " Old Judge." Here are two advertisements clipped from a newspaper published on the far banks of the Hurray:— " All sheep shorn at neighbouring sheds must return the fleece of same, otherwise they, will be charged fcr." " Should any of our neighbours shear sheep belongiug to as, they will be shot with a pie melon, as the law directs.". They stand next one another in the news paper columns, and are not improbably in serted by neighbouring pastoral is ts. They suggest matter for thought, Why should a sheep shorn at a neighbouring shed have to return the fleece.of the shed? It appears manifestly unjust to compel it to do so. And what is tiie fleece of a shed, and how can anyone make a sheep return it? And what, in the name of fortune, is to be charged for, and who is to be charged, and how much ? This first advertisement is cer tainly "boxed," but what to make of the other beats me entirely. I hereby offer a reward to any sane person who will explain who is to be Bbot with a pie-melon, what good the shooting would do, and point out the section of the act of Parliament provid ing for the infliction of such a punishment. The wife bad been in ill-health, and, with her little daughter, took a trip to Europe, leaving her husbaud to keep house in her: absence. He was rather alarmed to receive by the first mail a letter from his daughter in which the following passage occurred :— " Mother is much better. She is now quite tame, comes when I call her, and eats out of my hand." It was only afterwards that he recollected that " She " was the name of a canary. A general election was pending. I will not say when or where, but, at ail events, political feeling ran much higher than it has done for years past in Victoria. A political organisation had been formed to work the! elections and assist the candidates of the 1 party. A candidate applied for help in his j canvass, and received £100. A few days after- j wards be met a friend, who was one of the I committee, who said to him, " Well, Mr. j ——, it was all right about that £100 you I wanted. Yongotit, I suppose ?" "Oh, yes,! Bir, that was right enough; but (in a hesi-1 taring whisper) could yon tell me if there is' any committee on the other side from which I could get a trifle?" And he actually, on getting the necessary information, applied for and obtained another £100 from the other side, and so won his seat comfortably. He had to be dismissed. Disciptine impera tively demanded it. But the mitigating cir cumstances were such that even the stern judges who pronounced the decree were softened. The senior said—" Yon must go; but command' my influence in the neigh bouring colony, where I can find yon work in yonr own line." The Becond added-'-" Iwok here. Oome back in a week,and 1 can procure yon other employment at £2 a week, which ia nearly yonr present salary." He thanked them and witlidtew. In a week he returned. "Thank yon kindly for "yonr offer, sir; but I must decline it, as I haVe: gone intoi little estate agency bnsineaB, hnd "'already pocketed a thousand pounds." , That alearned judgeshppld he too iUto take kis seaton the bench, whefebjr.tUe2puk lie are incon^epienced, find the course, ofpua tice delayed^ topay nothing of the aujuetyof his Honour anilhia family, one ■woniathinkfo be too serious a matter about which to at tempt a joke. Bat'Briefless is Incorrigible. " Why," he asked at luncheon time the other day, " should the judge not be allowed to sit whilst he has the measles!" And added hastily, "Because be might deliver a 'fash' judgment." But nobody laughed. AULUS. 