WAYSIDE NOTES. (By Wanderer.) The Salvation Army, whether it is a nuisance or not in tho meaning of the Act, deserves a word of eulogy for its pluck in lighting an uphill battle against tremendous odds. Their persistency in the musical art has added another wavo of trouble on the Mayor's clear expansive brow. Those in the secret know that whilo in defiance or municipal law tne iirmy is marching, Hood looks do not grace or find a place on aldermanic faces. Rather an amusing phase of tho question arose on Saturday night iast. Whether it was planned, or whether (like tho 'Last Rose of Summer') his companions ' were faded and none,' one solitary warrior alone formed the Army. But though unsupported in musical strength, Nature had bestowed upon him an ex pansive pair of lungs, and Fato had not troubled him with any .shortcomings in the matter of diffi culty in breathing. Alone he marched, awaken ing the echoes aud aldermanic ire by his trumpet to the tune of ' Lift up the banner on high,' diversified at times by ' They say we are too noisy.' At the first trumpet call the Inspector was on the war-path. Putting on his No. 5 most important, inspectorial look, he started, book in pocket, to take the offenders' names. On the way he overtook one of our policemen who was out for an airing ; and, as a ' fellow-feeling makes us wondrous kind,' they both started on tho job. Overtaking the musij, the Inspector and his companion were non-plussed. They fully expected, as usual, to find a procession, but 'only one,' who seemed utterly regardless of their liiuh importance, marched to musical measure before their gaze. The Act made and provided dealt with musical processions, and nobody but ono in the maddest stasie of the D.Ts. could magnify one solitaiy musician into a conglomeration of that kind. Never did one so earnestly wish for the shades of aldermanic wisdom from Wiley, Armstrong, Cochrane, Parsons, down to the clerk, to fall across his path than did ths Inspector. To make matters moro confounded, a crowd of people seemed suddenly to become interested in Salvation musiic, and very soon, and quite unexpectedly, a procession was formed. The Inspuctor led the way, hoping against hope for something fortunate to turn up, marching to the tune which the Salvation warrior trumpeted and carrolled, behind him the guardian of the peace meditatively marehin«, exhorted by a crowd of the curious-minded. The barracks were reached without any special in'erposition of Providence, and here as a last resource the In spector took the name of the man of noise and music. On the incoming of tho Salvationist, who had faced the paius and penalties, the barracks resounded with tho music of trumpet and drum. Curiosity is now .awakened to find out if tho Mayor 'can construe one solitary individual into a procession ; if not, the Army should send at once for an officer who can carry a drum, two or three cornets, and possessed of stentorian lungs, fully equipped. With these he could march tho streets, calling to prayer aldermen, Salvationists, or common folks, and enjoy himself to the top of his bent, without fear of tho bye-law. The latest exhibition of the Army tactics is novel, and, to say the least, it is amusing. * * # * * Quite a nice, pleasant little case comes on for hearing this week. The Council's Inspector's name will be written in history ; chroniclers will tell in charming phrases, in well-turned sentences, how ' Earl, of glorious and immortal name,' first clipped the Salvation Army's wings at Wollon gong. Some persons are, born to be great, and ? Here I will proceed, with my story. At about 2.30 a.m., — ungodly hour, when ghosts and gobblins traverse the earth, or when fires illumi nate the town of Wollongong — Constable Streat field'8 attention was attracted to a man in a spring cart, to which a spicy raoy- looking mare was attached, flying up tile main street of Wol longong a la John Gilpin. To attempt to stop the man's mad caroer was out of tho question. As he flitted past the zealous officer, tho moon's pale beams shed their glorious light athwart tho offender's path, and lo, revealed tho visage of the Inspector I The defender of peace and order rubbed his eyes hard in astonishment to find one who prosecuted others for breaches of the bye-law indulging in such playful pranks before tho swal lows ieft their roosts. Tho measured mile termi nates the other side of the railway bridge, and here, at the foot of the hill, the merry dance of the Inspector onded. Returned, offended majesty of the law' in the porson of tho constable, de manded to know what engagement tho Inspoctor and his Arab steed were fulfilling, and what record he was striving to broak. The Inspector denied in toto that he was given to sporting pro clivities, and pleaded that tho breakage of the harness was the case of bis doing the main street in such a rollicking style. But his plea was un availing — the safety of the people who may be abroad at 2.30 a.m. must bo assured— and the zealous guardian of law and order has compelled the abator of noisomo character and unpleasant odours to trot out before tho geutle 'Thomas.' 