Lover and Lord. Chaftkr IX. '-How late the givnrnar is fchia morn ing I' Criatino Singleton cried, looking op with a prolonged yawn from the letter she had bicn imlifforontly scanning as bor mother camo into the room. 'la be not down-fititira yot ?' ? What a question!' Mrs Bruce answered, with a lough, as sho took her pi nee at the well spread breakfast-table, and nagerly turned the envelopes on her plate, only to put them aside with a disappointed— ' No letter from Vance again ! What can the boy be doing ?' 'Getting into mischief, of course!' Cristioesaid sharply. 'But never mind Vance, mother; I asked yon whether the governor had como down.' <Oi coarse ho has—at least three hoars ago; and glad enough I was to got rid of him, I assure you. I never saw a man in snob a state of nervous excitemont in my life. Really I think the weddiog has tnrned his brain—he has done nothing bat walk about the corridors declaring that something terrible liaa happened to Nora.' 'To Nora I' Crietine echoed, with a nervous attempt at a contemptuous laogb. Had Mrs Bruce chanced to glance at her daughter, eho might have seen that the "fair face grow suddenly pinched looking and polo, and the light eyes had a frightoned and guilty glitter. Cristino Singleton, who wob eadowed with a singularly email amount of faith in Divine justico aud mercy, was, on the other hand, most horribly superstitious, au placed an abject trust in signs, portents, ami warnings. ' Did—did the governor see any thing 7" eho naked nacomfortably ; and Mrs Bruce looked up with an astonished stare from her housewifely task of measuring the oraDgo pekoe into a silver teapot. ' Bleas mo, child, wbat should he sco 7 Yon, are as great a gooeo as he is. I declare yon will rnin my nerves among you I , she cried, with a pettish laugh, but a consoling consciousness' that her nerves were made of no such penetrable stuff, but were equal to any amount of friction. ' He did see at last that it wee hardly fair to spoil my sleep, ?worn out as I was with a fatiguing day, becauso he o:uld get none himself, and wont ciown-fitaire, where I havo no doubt ho found refuge in his precious books. . Cristina made no farther comment; after all, it made little difference to bor wbotber her etop-futher mado his nppearanco or not. She had plonty to occupy her thoughts, bat nnfortuuatoly tho food blio hornolf had given them woe leee entirely sweet now than eho had imogiuod it last night. Thnh'fiho hnd been entirely ah?orbed in tho thought of tho ample revenge she bad takon upon the girl who hnd ont shono her in overy v/uy. With somo thioglilcn on intoxication of delight, sho bad pictured Norn opening hor present and roidin;; tbu news it contained, pictured Urn nttor horror of the brido of a day when lir-r old lovar rose before her triumphantly coutulent in her truth, and when tihn hnd to toll him 'that with her own hands nho had raised up a barrier batweeu them. The little drama play/d onl on the stage of Cristine's farcy had seemed entirely satisfactory fnd entertaining last night; and tbnnd/r of applause the curtain had fallen or 6n a picturesque tableau of her triomph and Nora'e crashing defeat—tbi denouement had been pleasantly comr leie. Bnt somehow the brilliant pictnre faded a little in (ho coldor morning light—disagreeable i.fter-thooghts began to intrude on the girl's mind and fill her with selfish terrors,; Now that the intense and irritating jealousy that urged her on to any longttp and blinded her to ail but the immediate consequences of her note had passed into the background, she began to see wit'ji alarming sharpness some serione self-made difficulties in her path. ?,. .' i .., For what happened to Lady de Gretton ebo oared not ono straw. She kuow how snre and crael was the blow she bad dealt; the victim might recover from it or die oi it, if she chose. Bnt elie did? not care veiy mnoh what happened to herself; and a spectral army .of ngly possibilities * paraded menacingly before her till she began to : wish, not exactly that the blow had not ? been struck, bat what she herself had (figured somewhat less prominently as I the avenging angel. i ' What o fool I was to write that letter 1' she thought, knitting her fair browe and tapping her smart French I slipper impatiently on the floor. 'She I wonld have known without a word that jihad planned it all, and I should not jbe in her power, bb I am now. OJ icourse she will show it to Arthur in self defence, and then he will never speak to !me again ; or ehe may send it to the governor, and then, quiet ac he is, this house will hardly hold us both. Oh, dear, I have made a horrible mesa of it, look whioh way 1 will 1' ! 'Do come to breakfast child; you look quite pinched and wan with hunger, , Mrs Bruce broke in with a brisk bbeerfnlness that seemed horribly in congruous to Oristine ; and, &c; the girl mechanically obeyed her sanimons and drew a chair to the table, she tnrneJ to the servant, who still lingered at the sideboard, with the earless question— ' Where io your master Finnis ? Does he know wo are at breakfast ?' ' Perhaps he hae gone out,' Mre Bruce suggested, looking across at her daughter, with the slight contemptuous smile she was wont to bestow upon her husband's uopnnctnal habits. Bnt the man negatived this idea decisively. ' Oh, no, ma'am 1 I took him in a telegram a little while back, apd he has not left the room since then, I know.' < A telegram !' Gristine repeated, puehing back her chair, and turning a ghastly hue, horrible to look upon. ' Mother, there must be something wrong.' Mvs Bruce felt by no means comfort able herself; some of the superstitious dreiid that oppressed her daughter ? eemed suddenly to pass her, driving the healthy colour from her face and making her clear voice husky and unsteady ; bnt ehe felt, if only to itnpres3 the listen ing servant, that a Bharp reboke was necessary, and administered it with Hufficient dignity and promptitude. ' You are really absurd, Christine,' she Baid severely. ' One would think your father had never received a telegram or been late for breakfast before.' Oristine did not answer—would in truth have found speech difficult just then ; and her mother turned again to the man. ' Let Captain Bruce know we are at breakfast.' When Finnis had gone upon his errand, ehe said, in a tone that had last nil ita dignity and was full of pettish frightened complaint— ? You do your best to infect mc with your terrors, Cristine, sitting there look ling like a ghost, and never saying a word. What bad news could the tele gram bring—unless indeed'—the hand some face clouding over with a genuine terror—' unleos there is some thing wrong with my poor Vance, and Captain Bruce fears to tell mc? Oh, Crietino, if it should be that 1' Crietine, straining her ears to catch the man's returning stops, smiled in rather a ghastly fashion, to see what differont paths her mother's fears and hers were taking. She answered im patiently— ? Oh, Vance fills the universe for yon; it was not Vance of whom I woe think ing', < Then you are unnatural sister !' was the qnick reeponse. 'I am thankful to say tbo dear boy is never out of my thoughts. Nora would not have answered mc in such an unfeeling fashion.' ' Nora is flawless now, of course, , Mies .Singleton commenced sneeringly, but at that moment Finnic re- entered the room, and it needed but one glance at his white frightened foes to tell both women that something wok terribly wrong. ' Oh, ma'am,' bo cried,' you bad better come to tho library ! Master is —— I had beet go for the doctor at once.' With rapid steps and quickly-beating hearts, Mrs Brace and Criutino made their way to tbo lofty book-lined room that, seldom visited by any otbor mem ber of tho household, was Captain Brace's favourite retreat. Hero ha was wont to write his letters, to audit bis acconnt?, to correct and ro-correct with laborious patience tho learned nantico eeiontifie articles that were destined never to see tho light, btit formed at onco tho object and roeroation of the long loiiuK? to which n melancholy fade had condemned him, Horo tho two women wore to find him—how 7 It waa a question that received no immediate answer ac they pushed back tho heavy door and timidly entered the room. Tbo shabby oIJ loitber desk, brought with them from Nottleton, stood open in its accustomed plaeo ou tbo kuce-holo writing-table, a half-hiddoa shoot of paper on the blottor, and the keyo still dangling irom tho old. faebiuued brueti lock, Tho morniug Baa light streaming through the tall window glittered on their well-poliehed bright nes?, on the deep crimnon of tho empty puehed-back choir, and on an objeot prono at its foot. It was a mnu't figure stiff and motion less, with a gray head above whioh two arms had stretched end stiffened, as though in appealing agony—tho man they bad come to seek. With a sharp scream of terror that rang through all the house and brought the frightened servants to the door, Mrs Bruce ran to her haeband'e side, lifted the gray bead on to hor lap, and looked with horror on the livid face and widely staring eyes. ' He is dead 1' she cried, losing all oelf-control, and shrinking like a frightened child in presence of calamity. 'Cristine, come hero; yoar father is dead, I tell you 1 Send for Vance, for Nora 1 Some one should be here 1' ' Send for a dootor,' Cristine said, her calm clear tones breaking in npon her mother's fmntio ravings, and reoalling the bewildered servants to a remember ance of duties to ho done.* Ore or two of the women came into the room, the rest disappeared quickly as Cristine knelt by bor step-father's side and placed her hand upon his heart. It still beats, though with a terribly sluggish slownes?. ' He is not dead, , she said, raising her yellow head at last, ' though I fear he may be dying. , ? Oh, my poor Duncan I , The woman who had been a cold, indifferent, bnt, in her fashion and according to her lights, a faithful and bonesc wife broke into a passion of tears, and sitb remorseful tenderness raised the poor gray hand to her quivering lips. Aβ she did so, Cristine's cold glance wandered instinotively to the other hand, which had stiffened on something that it still held with a convulsive clasp— something that gleamed pinkly through the pale fingers. Cristine'e heart leaped conclusively; it must be the telegram of which the man had spoken. Her superstitious fears had not deceived her; it nas that which had stricken him down. Wae it from Nora, from Arthur Beaupre, from Lord de Gretton ? What horrible news did it contain 1 However she managed it, her eyes mupt be the firet to master its contents. With a supreme effort, she regained the eelf-contro! lost for one terror-stricken moment, and prepared for instant action. ? Control yourself, mother," she said sternly. ? If, as I foar, it is paralysis, there will he work for you to do.' ' Parelysis !' moaned the poor woman, with a cold shiver and another caress to the cold senseless hand that neither warmed nor stirred beneath her tonch. Bnt Cristine, not heeding her mother's lamentations, turned to the servants with clear precise orders which, in spite of the morbid curioeity that prompted them to linger, they had no choice but to obey. ? Tho dootor will require hot water, mustard-batbs, ice, and hot blankets. See that they nre all ready,' she said, looking round. Aud, grumbling at Miae Crigtine's ' arbitrnry ways,' but secretly adiuiriug her cleer-headed forethought, tbewjmon withdrew. Then, nnd not till then, Cristine etrove to disengage the crumpled paper from the elofl'j and deathlike grip. It was a task requiring no little nerve and patience; bat she succeeded at last. The cold hand lay open and empty—the paper was in her possession. ' Cristine, what aro you doing ?' With a sort of angry gasp Mrs Bruce put tho question, brushing away the thickly-falling tears that blurred her vision, t!ie better to follow her daughter's extraordinary movements. - Cri.stiiio had rieen snddenly to her feet, and, with a look that frightened the watching woman—a look more terrible than the dark shadow that rested on the face of the stricken man—was slowly tearing the telegram into minutest fragments. ' Can you not answer, Cristine? Is that the telegram yon are tearing? , ' Yes,' Cristine slowly; ' it is best destroyed ;it haa such ugly news. No wonder that it upset him. lam hard enough ; but'—with a strong shudder— ' I never dreamed of this 1' Thn wild words, the wilder action, wrought Mrs Brace almost to a frenzy of terror. She gathered the fragments, and tried to piece them together, bnt in vain ; there was no help but in an appeal to her daughter. ' Cri?tino, for pity's sake, child, tell mo tho troth ! Iβ it'—the mother passion rising in an overmastering fear supremo above all others—' is it from Vanco ? ' Cristino broke into a shrill cry, half laughter and half scream, that echoed horribly through the lofty room and worked her mother's foars to frenzy point. Then she answered almost calmly— 'No, uiothor; you need not foar for Vanco. Ho'—with a frightoned eide glance at tho prostrate figure—' bad no need to spare as. The blow falls only on him.' lOn him !' With widening oyes the elder woman pondered tho words. 'Oh, Orietino, it is—it must bo—Nora 1' ' Yoa, it is Nora,' Criutino admitted, in tho Hume frozen fashion. ' Lord de Gretton was murdered last night, and Nora waa missing this morning—that is alt/ { ?b be Continued.) 