Townsville. FfBOM Otm OWN COIiUESrONDUNT.I Aunrust 6. Thu hopes whioh woro raised in the breasts of the denizens of those parts by the showers whioh fell horo a little over a week ago havo been doomed to disappointment, and a state of drought prevails in the district, whioh is very trying to the unfortunate cattle. Butter and dairy produce of all kinds is soarco und dear, ana us nuraiy any oi uie selectors up lids way make any provision for a dry souson, of eoursa muny of them have turn out thoir cows to take then? change. It is to bo hoped wo shall havo an carljr spring, or eomo of tho unfortunate brutoB will havo a hard struggle to exist. Thoro ?were compluintB heard lust month of the dull ness of trade, but matters havo mended, nnd a revival is now reported at the opening of the new month. I havo not heard of any who were in difficulties Orel' tho 4th, so it may be hoped that the littlo bills wore duly mot. At least one firm in town is going in for ex tension. Messrs Hollis Hopkins and Co. aro goiu;r to add another story to thoir alroady line warehouso in Stnrt street, whioh will msko it four stories high. It is proposed to intro duco n hydraulio lift in tho alteration, whioh will be tho first in Townsville. Townsvillo haa a substantial griovaucn against tho Government over tho coastal mail service, and it will bo indeed surprising if the loeul Chamber of Commerce docs not movo in tho matter. It is notorious that tho coastal be-ats hardly ever arrive up to timo, but when tho timo for the arrival of tho Tuesday's boat was iu tho morning the inconvenience was not so Bcrious, as people could genorally depend upon getting their letters in tho afternoon. Now, however, tho contract timo for tho arrival of the steamer in the bay is 3. SO iu tho afternoon, and when sho does not arrive until three or four hours after that time, or sometimes moro, it entails rather objectionaole consequences. Fur ono thing, business people cannot dopond upon getting their correspondence, even when thoy Lave private boxes, until near midnight, and iu any i:nte, tho up-country correspondence, which generally arises out of the letters from the south, would be too Into for AYednesday's western mails, and thus a mail is lost. Then the Post Office official* aro kept at. work until near midnight, and Charters Towers can not, under present conditions, havo tho ghost of a chanco of getting southern letters on Tuesday night. The alteration in the time of departure from Brisbane is partly responsible for tho trouble, und as tho Government havo just given the A.U.S.N. Company a fresh contract for five years without any penalty for non-arrival at contract timo at 'intermediate ports, it is, not unnaturally, felt that thero might be a little more consideration shown for public eanveuienne. The Wnroonga arrived so lato lust trip that the Jiuigfruu Kapello missed their first night's performance, although, ac cording to tho manager's statement, the ar rungc-ment was made in tho A.U.S.N. Com pany's office in Eribbane. By the way, these clever musicians had a rery good reception in Townsville. Thoy wero favoured with full houses, and tho audiences were evidently highly pleased with tho bcauti Mr. District Court Judge Noel has had a pretty heavy calendar of minor offuncos to work off this time. One Edward iOalton, convicted of tho robbery of a gold watch, with violence, from Catherine Casey., boarding-housekeeper, at the last ru«es, was sentenced to two months' imprisonment in Townsvillo gaol, and to receive 20 lushes. The sentence is it novel one in this part of tho -world, but the number of lashes it. not excessive. The coloured clement figured conspicuously, Javanese and Cingalese liibomers being apparently given to picking and stealing. The country will now have to support some of these gentry for a term of years. Tho Presbyterian congregation, which has been for a long timo without a minister, has now been supplied by the advent uf tho Kev. A. M. Giiuhl, lutn ot Gympie, who has uoeopled a call from TV.vnsTille, anil was inducted yes terday by the Rev. A. M' Watt Allan, oi Charters Towers. ? 