SUMMARY. Cardinal Mornn in Adolaide. English mail duo to-morrow- Blake and Knutsford sottling up. Victoria is loft out in tho Imperial oold. . Tho deficit of 18SG was .£838,732 17a lid. | ti.a j.c.'t ao i . — t ( AUW uouuiu ui xoor was «i, 4/2, HQ 18 /a. Intoroolonial eight-oared raoo to- morrow. Sympathy between Parkos and M'liwraith. The matron of tho Mnoquario- street Asylum,' Parramattn, has been suspended frorq duty. Tho proposal of tho Viotorian Government to abolish plumping was rojootod by the Assembly last- night. The Viotorian Assembly last night passod £1, 092,917 for special railway parposos, apart irom construction. R. M. S. Ballarat sails to-morrow for London.. "Parkos says ho is still opposed to payment of members. His opinion with respoot to payment of Ministers is also unchanged. A searching inquiry is to bo mado into tho Little Bay ghost. Dootors diffor regarding tho case of le prosy, at Little Bay hospital. Mr. Garvan gave a plain statement of tho rooeipts and expenditure of the colony for 18SG and 1887. The figuros wero supplied by the Auditor-General, and were free from frills. Expenditure from Consolidated Rovenuo of Now South Wales for 188G and 1887 was re- speotively: .£9.079,516 Is 7d and £9,216,191 iya ia. xoc JfarAoa says lio 19' reducing tlio expenditure. Sir Thomas M'liwraith does not boliovo that Sir W. C. Robinson is to be the now Govern&r; of Queensland. The Mount Morgan G.M. Co. this week have banked 25,000oz gold. If Higgins, tho owner of tho inonagorio up at Brisbane, does not keep his tigers indoors in future, tlio police are going to shoot th9m. . A man, who had stolon a turkey in Bris bane, tried to hang himself with his braces . What a goose. Freights from London to Sydnoy raisod 2s Gdaton. 350,000 gallons a day of good wator from Kerribru station, near Bourko, at a depth of 1070ft. This is a big supply, but it will probably go more yet. Eastern Telegraph Extension Company don't like the idea of a Pacific cable. Protection Union formed at Tomora, No township should be without its Union. Ah Toy is to get that £150 ho struck the Victorian Government for. Hugh Elliott and James Hudson have been committed for trial at Trunkey for firing grass. Mr. Rogers, Q.C., made a moBt abjoet nppeal to-day to tho jury in tho St George libel case. To pnt it concisely it was, "For God's sako let the News down light because it really can't help making gross blunders." Payment of Members Bill passed the As sembly by 24 to 12. Mr. Justioe Inues treated a couple of garotters very mercifully yesterday. InBtoad of giving them life and a lashing ho let them down with five and three years. Mistaken leniency. Medical profession will exenr3ioniso in the harbour to-morrow. £119,446 lis 3d already expanded on " un employed" this year. Chiefly iu improving Ministers' private property. E. Harrington, M.P., proprietor of Kerry Sentinel, fined £500 for contempt of the . ParneUism and Crimo Commission. Samnel Crossland, publican, Balmain-rond, Leichbqrdt, who was yesterday fined £3 for non-attendanco at No. 1 Jury Court, was to-day loaded with an additional " fi' pun note" for not showing np. Land sold by Victorian Government on the south sido ot the Ynrra 10 years ago for £8723 is now valued at £3,528,909. Perhaps tho New South Wales Government might take a hint and hold on to Crown lands whiah no one wante just now. Inspector wanted for 'Batharat wator- snpply. Mr. Garvan gave tho Government a warm period of it last night, TheJD.T. runs down Governors' generally, but takeB almighty good care to slobber Lord Carrington with fulsome flattery. The deficit for 1886 was £1,546,848 4s 8d and for 1887 £2,173,871 9s 8d, or an increase over 188G of £627,023 5s. Parkos and pros perity, forsooth ! Lord Hastings is going to show np at Can terbury Park races to-morrow. Sir Henry Parkos is down on professional Governors. Now we wont his opinion of pro fessional politicians. Horton, miner, of Wollongong, committed for trial. Charge, fraudulent insolvency. Nowcostle collieries at work to-day. Tho Australian crioketers have oloared about £400 each. N.S.W. Payment of Members Bill read a second time by 24 to 12. Railway Commission will inoroaso speed of trainB within a few months. Another matron ot Parramatta Asylum has .been suspended by tho Premier. Committee appointed to inquire into Mr. Roes' crofter settlement scheme for N.Z. Sir J. F. Garrick cautions banks against advances on colonial city property. Samnel J. Lindsay attempted to ont his throat Wednesday evening at St. Potors. Cardinal Moran is oxpectod in Sydnoy on Thursday next. Australian cricketers playing at Ade laide. £119,446 pnid for tho N.S.W. nnemployod this year. We are prosperous. Mr. Wall, M.L.A., is afraid of Hawaiian lepers escaping to Australia. M'liwraith hopes N.S.W. will join the Federal Council. Tlio Premier, witli j' Minos " and " Post Office," will visit Slioalhaven. Tho Presbyterian Church of Viotpria advocates a system of local option us to religious teaching in State schools. Tho News having got liopolossly bogged in the St. George libel case, fell back on tho as sertion that it was an " attorney's action," in other words, a " spec," on tho part of the attorney to knock damages out of tlio paper. Tho schooner I'orost Ring was, at latest from Thursday Island, off Badrl Island, full of slushy mud and unmanageable. A Commission of throe has boon appointed in Brisbane to inquire into tho sugar in dustry. At the Melbourne .International Tom- pornnco Congross yesterday Mr. W. M. J v. Vale condemned tho drinking habits of wealthy members of Christian congrega tions. A movement lias been started for the estab lishment of a Temporanoo Hospital in Mel bourne. The Ttmperanco Congross at Melbourne want to have seientifio inBtruotion on the evil offocts of intomporanoo introdnoed into the publio schools of those colonies. Louisa Collins must bo getting pretty woll used to juries disagreeing. Races to- morrow at Canterbury Park and Blaoktown. Tbo highest objeot of a raoing man's ambi- tion, to own tho winner of the English Derby, lias boon achieved by Lord Hastings, for whom Melton, a horse of his own brooding, won tho blue riband of tho turf. Trainers complain bitterly of tbo condition of tho traoks at Randwick. Mr. Rcid said to-day that tho News didn't fool any rogrot for tho injury tbey had done to Mr. St. Goorgo, till they came to pay £25 into Court. Then it touched them " on the raw." Lowell, formerly U.S. Minister -to Great Britain, has been banquotod prior to leaving lor the States. Tbo worst possiblo place, says Mr. Roid, to put an apology m the News is next tbo loader, because nobodv over roads them. 'Tis -true, 'tis pity ; pity 'tis 'tis truo. Just shows the sort of estimation Free-trade organs are hold in by Froo- tradors liko Mr. Roid. Tbo speech of tbo session was that cf Mr. Tonkin. It bad "ono" original idoa, says a friendly critic, and that was to bang lip the deficit nnd get inside it. " In n loader on Australian Governors that is meant to bo radical, to-day, tho D.T. says that Lord Carrington is the best specimen o! an iudopenilout Governor, has an independent position, has no expectations from the Co lonial Officp, and sent honest and unqualified dospatchos more .valiiablo than those of all tho other Govornors, and is generally perfec tion. If the radinal writer does not rocoiro a C.M.G.-ehip, woll, lto ought to— that's all. 