Cbe J>pïmcp attorning arratta WEDNESDAY, JUNE 6, 1888. The vote for the defence of the British coaling- ports and stations, has been passed in the House of Commons by a majority of 121. The English Government does not intend to modify the legacy and succession duties in favour of colonials domiciled in Great Britain. War is stated to have broken out in Zululand amongst the natives, fresh hostilities having taken place between two Zulu chieftains. A Berlin report states that an Anarchist plot with the object of effecting the assassination of the Crown Prince of Prussia and Prince Bismarck, has been discovered in London. Tait French Government has published a detailed account of the forts and other means of defence by which the British colonies are guarded, The rumour that the French flag had been hoisted on Maitre Isle, a dependency of Jersey, has been denied in the English House of Commons. General Boulanger accuses the French Ministry of using public money to influence the elections, and maintains that the office of President of the Republic is not necessary. Accobmno to General Boulanger Parliamentary government in France has failed, and a serious crisis is impending in French politics. OfiKKSAi, Boot-auger has demanded in the French Chamber of Deputies that the bill for the revision of the French constitution should be regarded as a matter of urgency, but the motion was in gatived. The Australian cricketers commenced a match against a Nottinghamshire Eleven on Monday. The home team scored 245 in their first innings, and the Australians only 76. The R.M.S. Alameda left San Francisco on Sunday last, at 2 p.m., with the English and American mails for Australia. The Government have been requested, by a deputation, to construct a line of railway from the Illawarra line to the proposed noxious trades site at Kurnell, and the Premier has promised to give the matter immediate attention. Another habeas corpus application on behalf of the Chinamen detained on board the "Changsha" was heard before the Supreme Court yesterday, and an order was made for the liberation of 15 Chinamen. The Chief Justice referred yesterday in strong terms to the action of the Government in ignoring the previous decisions of the Supreme Court with regard to the liberation of Chinese who had tendered the poll tax. The Supreme Court considers that if Chinese who have complied with the requirements of the Chinese Restriction Act, and are prevented from landing should kill a man in attempting to escape it would be justifi- able homicide, not murder. The 15 Chinese from the Changsha, released by order of the Supreme Court, were quietly landed yesterday afternoon without demonstration of any kind. The total amount of customs revenue received yesterday was 2Ê788 14s. Id. A ComiT noosE is shortly to be erected in the Glebe, a site having been secured in Denham-street, and the sum of 4000 has been placed on the Estimates for the purpose. The finance committee of the Municipal, Council have recommended that the Government be requested to introduce a bill into Parliament authorising the Municipal Council of Sydney to raise a loan not exceeding one million pounds for wood-paving the streets and improving the city in other ways. The board of directors of the Sydney Hospital have decided to appoint a medical superintendent as soon as practicable. ~ The Newcastle Municipal Council propose to borrow £10,000 at 48 per cent. As inquest was held yesterday on the lady of the man who was recently fearfully mutilated in a cell at the Central Police Station, and the jury returned, verdict of wilful murder against Robert Hewart The Jamberoo residents are "agitaiing-for a road from Kiama to Jamberoo, and have appointed a dear, tation to interview the Minister for "Works, on the subject. The ship Berbice was wrecked off Newcastle *%$, Tuesday morning. The crew were saved by means of the rocket apparatus, but the vessel, it is feared, will become a total wreck. r TrtE Fisk Jubilee singers commenced a short season at Bathurst on Monday night, the opening performance being very successful. 'The Sydney Liedertafel gave their thirty-eighth concert in the Protestant Hall last night before a crowded audience. - ? > THE Victorian Cabinet are" engaged in revising the tariff and in preparing a new Electoral Bill, whichSrjll provide mainly for single electorates and for a small increase in the number of members of the Legislative Assembly. The Victorian authorities have decided to lay an information at the next sittings of the Criminal Court against Mrs. Rappiport, recently charged with stealing watch and chain. THE Victorian Attorney-General ; states that he recognises the importance of bringing the brokerage business in the Victorian centres under rules similar to those prevailing in London, land has promised to prepare a bill dealing with the subject, . A RECENT investigation into the cause of an out break of diphtheria at Hazel Glen, Victoria, has revealed the fact that fowls in the neighbourhood have died in an inexplicable manner from a disease resembling diphtheria. The Rev. A. M'Been has been elected Moderator, at meeting of the Presbytery of Melbourne North. The will of the late Henry Miller, of Victoria, has been proved : the real estate being sworn under £78, 714, and the personal property at £571,495. The real property boom in Melbourne continues active, and yesterday a frontage to Flinders-lane wm sold for about £300 per foot. The tin mines in the Northern territory of South Australia are said to be doing well, and it is expected that a large tin-held will be opened up there. A to eAt butcher has been boycotted by the Port Adelaide working men, on account of his having obtained his vegetables from a Chinese hawker, A subscription list has been started in Adelaide for the relief of sufferers by the Chinese floods, and £100 has been raised by the Chinamen of Adelaide alone. The Assembly does not improve ; it goes, indeed, from bad to worse. Last night's proceedings were not only unsatisfactory, they were humiliating. Not only was time wasted, but the House allowed itself to listen with scarcely a word of protest, to grave charges against a Minister made on a motion for adjournment. This is degrading to Parliamentary institutions. No one would deny the right of a member to call a Minister to account for wrongful acts of administration, but what Nought to 'be insisted on is this, that when a charge is to be made, proper notice of it should be given, and a committee of inquiry moved for. To bring grave accusations under cover of motions of adjournment is not only unfair, it is a waste of time. There was gross waste of time yesterday, to say nothing of the impropriety of the proceedings, The Premier was prepared; to make an important statement with regard to the defences of the colony, when he was in- tercepted by Mr. McElhone, who moved the adjournment of the House to call attention to the alleged improper alienation of coal-bearing land near Newcastle. The Standing Order provides that the adjourn- ment of the House shall only be moved for the discussion of some matter of urgent public importance, unless five members rise in their places to support the mover of the motion. The subject brought forward yester' day afternoon by the member for the Upper Hunter was important, if the complaint is well founded, but it certainly was not urgent. Nor could it have been disposed of by moving the adjournment of the House; the only way of dealing with it property was to move, at the proper time, for the appointment of a select committee. But when the Speaker intimated that the motion could not be debated unless five members rose in their places, about a dozen sprang to their feet, so eager were the Opposition to help their associate in his efforts to obstruct business and embarrass the Government. When the best part of the night had been wasted, and it had become too late for the Premier to submit his Defence proposals, the motion was negatived, with the understanding that a select committee was to be moved for with the acquiescence of the Government. Notice might have been given of this motion in the ordinary course, but that would not have suited the views of hon. members. In that case there would have been one discussion instead of two, and the dear delight of squandering an evening would have been missed. But this waste of time was not the worst feature of the proceedings. The worst feature, undoubtedly, was the license given to the member for the Upper Hunter, who not only accused persons outside Parliament of criminal conduct, but declared the Minister for Lands to be mixed up in all kinds of nefarious transactions. His charges, made on a mere motion for the adjournment of the House, were far more serious than the statement for which he was pulled up last week. by the Chairman of Committees, but no one seemed to take any notice of them. The Speaker allowed them to go unchallenged, and Mr. Garbett's colleagues entered no protest. Mr. M'Elhone, in fact, said what he pleased. The humiliation of the House was the result. It was none the less because of the suspicion that the member for the Upper Hunter was taking reprisals for the proceedings of last week. How the House can expect to keep members in order when it allows then such extraordinary latitude is past comprehen- sion. It should refuse to listen to any charges unless they are stated specifically and cir- cumstantially, and are made the foundation of a motion of censure or a motion for the appointment of a committee of inquiry. But really the House is getting so used to the bandying about of gross charges that it ceases to pay attention to them. People out of doors, however, do not fail to notice the damaging statements made in the Assembly and if members are slow w deal with them, the conclusion arrived at is anything but favourable to the House. The Minister for Lands laid himself open to comment by the course which he pursued. He absented, himself from the Chamber while the member for the Upper Hunter was making his statement, leaving his colleague the Minister for Mines to reply J and J moves immediately afterwards; as a nothing had happened, the second reading of the Crown Lands Purchases Validation Bill, which ratifies two * as transactions denounced by. Mr. M»£iflONS, Twas one of action did not tend to promote business. The * proceedings of last night show how demoralised the Assembly . has become, and they show also the help 'wsness of the Government. Ministers Slight to have something to say as to the business that shall be put before the House ; but SO long as the adjournment of the House can be moved without adequate cause, simply because five members stand up in their places, so long will the Government be at the mercy of its opponents, so long will there be a paralysis of business. The sooner the new rules are dealt With the better. It might, perhaps, save time if ordinary business were put on one side and the attention of the House given to the new rules. As the recommendations made by the committee involve the whole question of rules and procedure, the Government may think the task too heavy a one to be under- taken at this period of the session. But if the thing has to stand over, one of the first duties of the Government in the new session will be to help the Committee to carry the salutary reforms embodied in the report recently submitted to the House. Although in one aspect the gravity of the Chinese question has diminished since the day when the new Restriction Bill was sent to the Legislative Council for consideration, it has greatly increased in some other aspects. The gravity of the case had diminished because the lapse of a few days and the course of events have proved that the representations made in defence of illegal action and of panic legislation were unwarranted by fact. We were told that the country was threatened with a great evil. We were warned of almost certain violence and outrage. If the Chinese were allowed to land, dreadful consequences were to follow. As a matter of urgent necessity, the law must be overridden ; a new law must be passed in hot haste to justify the breach for the preserva- tion of society, these Chinese must at all hazards be prevented from landing. What are the facts? Since these representations were made the Chinese, in considerable numbers, have landed in safety, and gone their ways in peace ; the new law has not been passed society still exists. We have survived even a demonstra- tion by the Anti-Chinese League, which passed without d order. The bubble inflated with false alarms has burst, and we again breathe freely. It is reassuring to find that if the men who are charged with the execution of the law have been willing to break it, the people have not followed the bad example, and have thus shown that the excuse put forth-the anticipated lawlessness of the people-was a libel. But the gravity of the case has increased, because, whilst the people have obeyed the law and abstained from disturbance, the men in authority have persistently continued to break the law, and have carried their resolution to the point of personal violence. The Chinese who have a lawful right to land have not been deprived of liberty by a merely formal or constructive imprisonment ; they have been overpowered by sheer force, and physically injured. The landing was to be prevented " at all hazards." How easy it is for men who live upon words to be carried away by words, of the full meaning of which they have little or no understanding. If half-a-dozen of these policemen, who in obeying instructions from their superior officers beat back the Chinese in their lawful attempt to regain their liberty, had been killed, the act of the Chinese in killing them would have been justifiable homicide. One of the hazards, therefore, was the placing of the valuable lives of faithful public servants in jeopardy. But what would have been the result had a constable, in the illegal act of forcing these Chinese back into confinement, killed one of the number? That would not have been justifiable homicide. Would the ATTOENür-GENKRAi, of the Government, under whose instructions the constable had acted, have placed him upon his trial for murder, and would some other legal adviser of the Government have appeared for the defence The Government may be congratulated upon having so far escaped the embarrassment of such a situation as that but it is a matter of unmerited good fortune seeing that there was a determination to face " all hazards." Now that more light has been thrown upon the dark path by the last warnings from the Supreme Court, will that determination be followed up, until something worse occurs, or without, even tardily, be abandoned ? It is not a light thing to run the risk of bloodshed in defying the law. It would be better to withdraw a hundred foolish speeches, to break a hundred pledges rashly and wrongly given, than to imperil human life in an unlawful cause, and in the proved absence of any emergency that might even seem to afford a shadow of palliation. We have spoken of " the Chinese question, ' but in truth the question that has been raised by the action of the Government, and that was treated by the Judges in the Supreme Court yesterday, was not one that touches these few Chinese only. It is a question that comes home to everyone of us. Is the Executive Government under the law or above it? Have we any well grounded confidence in the theory that our rights and liberties under the law can be upheld, even against unlawful interference by the Executive ? Or is this nothing more than a vain imagining, and are we liable to be deprived at any time of our rights and liberties by the Executive, acting upon the strength or some supposed mysterious insight into " the will of the people," or suffering under some Strange nightmare that fills the air with new crimes and ghosts ? We boast of our freedom ; but this is not a free country unless the law be held supreme. One of two things must prevail- law, or force. Let force prevail over law and the rule will be that the weakest shall go to the wall. Our Judges are made independent of the Executive for this reason, amongst others, that they may be free to declare the law that safeguards the rights and liberties of the weak, even if it should be the Government of the country by whom they are assailed. The establishment of Courts and the appointment of Judges set forth the principle that in the public interest there must be one set of men to declare the law, and another to execute it. The independence of the Judges is a corollary. The Execu we might as well" declare the law us control the men whose function it is to declare it. The Judges are made superior to executive influence, so that the law as de Clared by them may also be uninfluenced by Executive error or interest, caprice or/passion. These are the conditions under which, as ex- ' perience as well as reason has proved, individual freedom and individual rights are best maintained. But the whole structure built up so carefully is exploded if the Executive can say to the Judges, " We do not believe that what you declare as the law is the law, and we will go on our course, paying no regard to your declarations " That however, is what the Government has been saying, in acts more emphatic than words. Three times in succession, as the Chief Justice remarked yesterday, has the Court been required to issue writs of habeas corpus for the release of persons illegally deprived of their liberty by the Government. Is it possible that the true character of this persistence in wrongdoing has been unperceived ? It cannot be admitted that the attitude of the Government has been merely negative. It has been said that the policy of the Government was not to issue any orders for the release of the Chinese, but to let their release depend in every case upon the issue of an express writ by the Supreme Court. But that policy, of whatever value it may be as a means of acquir- ing political capital in some quarters, is not a negative policy in relation to the law. From the time when the law was declared by the Supreme Court, the failure of the Government to give these men their liberty has been a Continuous positive act, depriving them of their liberty in defiance of the law. The nature of the proceeding was illustrated plainly the other day, when some of the Chinese, endeavouring to assert their rights under the law, were forced back into confinement by violence. The Government has been actively violating the law day after day with its eyes open. Never before in the history of this colony has the Executive Government received such a rebuke as that which was administered yesterday by the Supreme Court. Never was a grave rebuke more thoroughly deserved. Never was judicial remark more fully justified by the circumstances than that of the Chief Justice.-" In saying what we have said, we believe we are discharging our duty to the community. Were we to fail in this, or in pointing out the danger of pursuing a course of illegality, we would be no longer worthy of the high position we have been appointed to fill regardless of the high trusts reposed in our hands." «. The Intercolonial Free Trade Conference which meets to-day has important work before it. Its object is to discuss the question of reciprocity in trade between the colonies and to form a basis for its inception. A similar conference was held in Adelaide in October of last year at the instance of the Victorian Chamber of Manufacturers. The discussion then became more or less encumbered by extraneous matter regarding the great economic question of free trade and protection, and it will not be surprising if the same thing occurs at this Conference. The plain question of intercolonial free trade ought to be discussed in a direct and practical spirit, and not along the lines of party adherence. If the proceedings are resolved into an academical debate upon free trade and protection, nothing will be accomplished. The desirableness of intercolonial free trade is generally acknowledged, but unfortunately this fact does not guarantee its accomplishment. There are intricate questions which are sure to obtrude when the subject comes under consideration. The Customs barriers on the borders are held generally to be irritating and annoying to the travelling public and to commerce. As rail i way communication extends and traffic and travel increase, the difficulty will also increase. But while this acknowledgment is made on all hands the simplest solution of the difficulty is not accepted as satisfactory. There is a hopeless division upon what conditions intercolonial free trade shall be granted. When it is proposed that there be free trade between the colonies, and free trade also, as a natural sequence to the acknowledgment of the principle, with the mother-country and the rest of the world, there appears the sticking-place. The protectionists generally speaking are in favour of free trade between the colonies, but they further demand protection against the rest of the world. However desirable intercolonial free trade is freetraders could not accept it on such conditions. Whatever our errors in New South Wales may be in a fiscal direction our tariff is a very simple one we have put little or no bar against intercolonial free trade ; we have rather _ consistently supported it from the standpoint of international free trade as the proper extension of the principle. So long as we are divided on the question of international free trade, it is hopeless to expect that freetraders in New South Wales will give their adherence to intercolonial free trade. An intercolonial fiscal union upon a basis of reciprocity or differential duties is scarcely a thing that would commend itself to consistent freetraders. It would mean a special legislation in favour of the other colonies, and therefore against the world. Much as federation is to be desired, unless there can be a commercial union between the colonies upon the broad basis of free trade, and a common outside tariff for revenue purposes, it will not soon be accomplished. Nothing can be worse for the development of Australian resources and the extension of her trade than petty border tariffs, and the sooner they are abolished unconditionally the better Australia at large. It is to be hoped that the Conference will throw some light upon the subject, and that so important a gathering of representative manufacturers from the several colonies will achieve something practical towards the end in view. Judgment was given in the Supreme Court yesterday in a case which contains a peculiar point of law. In Emblem v. McRae the plaintiff brought suit to recover a horse which had been previously stolen from defendant, and was sold in pound to plaintiff, the condi- tions of the statute having been fulfilled. After the plaintiff had purchased the horse, the thief was tried and the police took the horse in charge. The thief was convicted, and the defendant applied for an order of restitution. The District Court Judge, not being aware that the horse had been sold in pound, gave the order, but the plaintiff then brought action to recover the animal. The Second District Court Judge decided that since the order of restitution had not been revoked, the horse could not be restored to the plaintiff, but he assessed its value at £13 in case the Supreme Court should reverse his decision. This the Supreme Court did, giving the plaintiff £15 damages and costs. The result is that the plaintiff does not get the horse which is in reality his own, but the value of the horse, which he bought for £3 2s.. while the original owner of the horse buys in fact his own horse over again. After the horse was sold in pound the original owner was only entitled to the proceeds of the sale, which would be of course the £3 2s. The source of the legal difficulty lay in not informing the District Court Judge who granted the order of restitu- tion that the horse had been sold by the poundkeeper. The ground for the decision of the Supreme Court is that the original owner of the horse was no longer owner after the horse had been sold in pound, but that the poundkeeper was trustee for the original owner and sold the horse as authorised to do by law when the conditions were fulfilled. The case seems clear enough when unravelled by the Supreme Court, but the peculiar part of the affair rests upon the fact that the horse did not stray into pound when in the possession of the original owner, but after it had been stolen. Had the thief disposed of the horse restitution might be made to the original owner if the animal could be found ; but the law had been broken the second time by trespass, and the restitution that might have been granted had the first criminal act been tried, was nullified by the sale of the horse for the second infringement of the law. It is all rather hard on the original owner of the horse, but it is one of those complications through which the most wronged just the least compensation. The decision seems an eminently just one, for the plaintiff bought the horse in good faith when it was sold in pound, on the assumption that, being sold under the statute, the sale was regular, and the law would of course secure him. There would never be security for purchasers at a pound sale authorised by statute if any purchase could be set aside because the animal had at some time been stolen. The law has only cognisance of the offence last committed, and proceeds accordingly. It cannot always dispense justice all round. It can only see that justice is given, according to some particular conditions which are established, while some other natural elements of equity may be left unsatisfied, and for which it cannot provide. 