ATHLETICS, &c; It is scarcely necessary to remind readers of the fine programme of sports to be dis cussed on Monday nest, at the Cremorue Gardens, under the auspices of the H.A.C.B. Society. There will also be sports at Lake a Creek on the Bame day rom m.pn n n p at half-past ten. A good ground has been provided, and every thing will be done to make the affair a On Saturday last the fight for £1000 a-ride between Charley Mitchell, the English pugi list, and Jobu L. Sullivan, the champion of America, came off at Chan til ly, near Paris. The men fought for three hours in the rain, and then the contest bad to be stopped, pro bably through darkness coming on. Thirty nine rounds were fought* This fight shows clearly enough that Slogger Sullivan is not the rnR-n he is cenerally considered. His condition was good enough or he could not have Btood up for three hours, and his being unable to knock out a hir-h bo very much smaller than himself, shows that the Englishman was possessed of most skill, and would probably have won had the match been continued. Full particulars will be awaited with much interest, but the fact of die Slogger failing to finish off his little oppo nent in thirty- nine rounds removes him somewhat rongbly from the pedestal of invincibility on which he has arrogantly posed so long. Professor Jackson, rather than forego a match with Paddy ijlavin, has agreed to all Sluvin'a terms. At latest accounts Jackson'* money was not covered, however, and tew people think it ever «iU be. A little aspirant for big fame. Tommy Burns, of Liverpool (Eng.J, offered recently to go through a somewhat novel programme, to wit: Dive off Rnncorn Bridge on the Mersey, swim to Liverpool, run to London, dive off London Bridge, and run back to Liverpool, or vice verm, inside 'nine days.' Professor William Miller is reported to have arrived in New York. He is doing gentle exercise at Wood's gymnasium, and will shortly make known bis professional in tentions. A sack race between Austin, of Oamaru, and Kennard, of Brunnertou, for £100, came off at Taylorville, near Greymouth. lately, and proved an easy victory for Austin. The 100 yards race was ran in 19£sec. Eennard then chose 300 yards, which Austin also won Time, 67$ sec Burke and Foley have been bound over to keep the peace. It transpired that the de posit money had been handed back three weeks since. Foley has evidently been 'pull- ing the leg ' of the sporting reporters again. It is said all fights to a finish in New South Wales are to be stopped by the police. Deeufoot. AQUATICS. A St. Louis reporter recently interviewed Gindnir, who in reply to questions is credited with the following:— 'It is hard forme to say wlio is the fastest oanmau in America. Banian might win one day, Tefcincr the oext, and myself the day aft. r. Hanlan is a great man in spite of his recent defeats. I chink Hamm can hfat anyone in the second division He is as fast as a ghost and can sUy, too. As regards Kemp, the new world's champion, he is as fast as a bullet, but he cannot stay I Still, he ii aa big a nun u Beach, and ii made fit would come near being made first-class. The late record breaking is due, in my opinion, to the fact that the ringing of the boats is better, and that the men themselves are better oarsmen. The men have become more skilled in the use of the different appara tus. For years Hanlan had a walk over simply because he had reduced the ase of the appliances at hand to a science. Wheo the other oarsmen mastered them Hanlan com menced to lose once id a wfaile. Peter Kemp has been enjoying a spell prior to commencing to train for his match with Hanlan, and is said to be in capital health. Hanlan is within 7 Ib of his rowing weight. He U working with Flannigan of Sandhurst. Beach is in full work at Dapto, probably in order that he may get condition enough to . yV* spin with Kemp daring the latter part of his ?« training for Hanlan. The Orford aod Cambridge boat race takes pUce, on Sitnrday, the 24th. Hanlan is said to have expressed the opinion that ' Peter Kemp is a ekilf ol scnUer who want« a lot of beating.' OUTBIGOEB. : 