IRoveUst. THE RIVAL BELLES OF PARRAMATTA. A CHARMING LOVE STORY OF IN TENSE AND THRILLING INTEREST. By LAURA JEAN LIBBEY. CHAPTER XXII. A STAKTUSO DISCOVERT. The next afternoon, as Max Forrester sat in his arm-chair by the lace-draped •.window, his fair head bent dejectedly on his hands, the door opened softly and his mother entered. “Max,” she said, liusldly, “you are wearing your life out. Will you never be able to forget ?” An.exprcssion of deep pain crossed his handsome face. ■ “No,” he answered, desperately. “Try as I .will, never for a moment am I able to forget; waking or sleeping, alone or in the midst of.crowds, the face of Florabel \- is.ever before me. Despite all, I cannot belieye'jhy darling has gone—to him. I willjtol believeAt.” - _ _ 7 “You tnust not4 brood over this matter, my son,’: said Mrs. Forrester, laying her jewelled hand on his fair, clustering curls. Constant brooding has dethroned many a man’s reason. You arc my only son, Max. "If anything should happen to you, I—I should die. You must give up the hope of searching out Arthur Ilurl hurst arid'1- holding him accountable,” she faltered. " “ 1 wilHrace him and find out what he is to Florabel if it costs me my life,” he answered, bitterly.- “He is in Sydney, mother,” ho went on, huskily. “ I have traced him here: soouer or later we shall “ I pray Heaven you may . not,” an swered Mrs. Forrester, fervently, • The following day, as Max stepped from a cab, the first person whom he met was Gerald Thonulyke, his old college “ Why, Forrester,” Said Gerald, aghast, “liow changed you are! I. would "not have recognised you if yon had not spoken. Come into this cafe'. I have not dined yet. and we will -have a talk over old limes. What do you say ?" “Certainly," said Max, leading the way. “What is this you wrote me, said Max, turning abruptly to his friend after they had given their order, “ about going to marry one woman while your heart was another’s ? Take my advice; don’t do it.” Gerald Thonulyke flushed red, then turned deadly pale. “ Fate has taken all choice in the mat ter out of my hands,” he replied, with much embarrassment. “The heiress broke off the engagement with nie ; and the girl for whom 1 would have renounced a fortune refused me point blank, with scorn and derisiori, then suddenly disap peared. I have been trying to discover her whereabouts ever since.’’ Gerald Thorndyke knew his friend’s strict notions of honor too well to tell him exactly how the affair had happened ; indeed’, it was a source of deep annoyance to recall the matter at all, all save that part of it relating to Florabel. “ No doubt you .censure me, Forrester for admiring one when I was engaged to another, but if you had seen Miss Vane you would not have, marvelled at that. Why, she was as'beautiful as a dream, with a beauty at once.; peculiar and strik ing. Her face was.as ihir as- a lily ; -her dimpled cheeks like twhi pink roses; and her eyes— it would take a painter or a poet to describe them—they were of a rich hazel, wonderfully pathetic ; and the littlo head was crowned with a mas3 of curling, golden hair. .Why, heavens! Forrester, what is the matter ? You look a3;pale as a ghost. ” “ A ghost of the past has just risen up • to confront me. Do you know, Thorndyke, you have described accurately—my wife ! I did not believe the rouud world held one like her. You shall see her picture, and you can judge for yourself. No doubt but you have heard my story ; the news papers have aired it pretty thoroughly.” “Yes, I have heard of it,” replied Thorndyke, extending his hand and grasp ing that of Max in earnest sympathy ; “ but I hope all will come out right in the “Never !” declared Max, firmly. As he spoke he took the portrait from Iris breast pocket and handed it across the table to liis friend. r, , - One glance, then Gerald .Thorndyke sprang to-his feet with a startled cry. - \ “ My God 1 am I mad, or do I dream ?” he cried, excitedly. “No, no, my serises' are not playing me false ; this is the por- - trait of Mhs Vane ! Even her name, in her own delicate chirograph}’, is beneath it—Florabel. Do you mean to teH me this—this—is your wife, Forrester?’ he said, his voice husky with agitation. “Yes,” replied Max, wondering!}7. “ Then, by all that is wonderful, I declare solemnly this is the same young girl I knew as Miss Vane—Florabel Vane,” said Gerald, white to the lips but not more white than Max. “ This is the girl with whose lovely face I fell madly in love at.first sight.” Max had sprung to his feet in intense amazement. “ I do not comprehend what you say,” cried Max, hoarsely. “Make this thing clear to me, Tiiorndyke.” “ I will,” replied Gerald. “Calm your self. Sit down and listen. I will tell you alland he told him briefly and truth full}7 the story of Miss Carlisle’s accident, which had brought her and the beautiful young stranger together, and all that had transpired since. “ It is but two days since that you saw her in the park, you say ?’’ gasped Max. “It is so,” replied Gerald. “And you have been searching for her ever since, but can find no trace of her?” questioned Max, breathlessly. “ If the greeu earth had suddenly opened and swallowed her, she could not be more completely lost to the world,” said Gerald. “For weeks she had been the com panion of Miss Carlisle. Tiiat was proof positive, then, that she wasuof with Hurl hurst. He could have cried aloud to Heaven with very joy for that. How cruelly the world had judged her, his poor, innocent darling. A flash of something very like the truth dawned upon him. Believing that he would keep his word—that he meant to leave her—she had gone quietly away—to face the great cold world—alone. Then, in the face of all this, he remem bered her letter. She had written on that tear-blotted page that she was “ going to Arthurand at the thought his face grew dark and stormy. Ho would have given his life to have believed iu her inno cence ; but, ah. Heaven ! how could he ? how could he ? He bowed his handsome, troubled face in his hands, his tall form shaking like an aspen leaf. It had been a severe breaking up of a pretty love dream to Gerald Thorndyke. It was his creed to fall in love with lovely young girls ; but he never made the fatal mistake of admiring or giving one thought to a beautiful woman on whom another had claims which should always be held sacred. “ I will pledge you my word to do all in n.y power to aid you in finding her, Max,” he said, as they parted an hour later. “ Rest assured, if she is in Sydney we shall soon know it ;'and this fellow Hurl liurst—wo will give him a little attention, Gerald Thorndyke walked slowly back to his hotel. “ I’m the most unlucky dog under the" sun," he ruminated. “ Miss Carlisle and her fortune gone ; and the girl I have loved so.‘madly.Max Forrester’s bride. Was there ever such a contretemps—such a strange revolution of the wheel of fate !^--- ._ He walked into the reading-room of the hotel, and threw himself down into an arm-'chaiY near the window. A young man sat opposite, him, glancing eagerly' down the columns of a iiewspaper. Ilis face seemed to attract Gerald Thorndyke strangely at first glance. Feel ing intuitively the deep scrutiny of the prolonged gaze bent upon him, the young man dropped the paper nervously and turned hastily away. “Why should lie do that ?” thought Thorndyke, picking up a paper and pro tending to be absorbed in its columns. “ There is something wrong there, I feel sure. That fellow will bear watching.” Twice the young man rose from his sent and paced up and down the floor of the reading-room, eagerly watching the great bronze Kiloqk on the wall. Several, strangers entered the' room, and Gerald Thorndyke saw him glance keenly, and with repressed uneasiness and agitation, very carefully at each and every one; and as they looked at him indif ferently and passed by, lie turned away in apparent relief. As the porter passed by the door he beckoned to him. “ Has my baggage been taken down from my room yet?” he asked, hesi tatingly. “ jSot yet, sir,” returned the man. “ You are to take the 8:45 train. It is only 8:15 now. You have plenty of time.” The young man resumed his seat and his paper. “I shall never feel safe until I have put considerable distance between Sydney and me,” he muttered. At that instant one of the boys stepped into the room, holding a telegram in his hand. “Is Mr. Arthur Hurlhurst here?” lie asked, glancing quickly among the dif ferent groups of gentlemen. “ A telegram for him.” The young man sprang to his feet and held out his hand for it, saying, in a con strained voice: “Tliis way, my lad. I am Arthur Hurlhurst.” 