PRINCESS'S THEATRE.— HAMLET. A production of Hamlet with a new repre sentative of tho prince is always an interest ing event, for we may eaoh of us add our pebble to the great cairn of criticism which has becu raised on this admirable play, and though its arguments are familiar as household words, they are always new in a sense, because Ihe distresses of the melancholy Dano are by the turn oE his mind transferred to the general account of humanity, and bis philosophical reflections deal with those problems of life whose fascination for us cannot fade, sinco they aro insoluble, Mr. Warner on Saturday night gavo a l oading of the character which U unmarked by any slavish adherence to tradition. Of the many exponents of tho part wo have had in Melbourne, ho reminds one more of the late Edwin Adams than any other. It is a pioturesquo Hamlet, represented in a light brown wi;<, and with a vouihful growth of hair upon the face. The keynote of it is not a fixed and sullen gloom, throwing a baneful shadow on all it comes in contact with, but a pensive air of sadness, which admits of vary ing conditions of ease and variety, skilful arrangoment t of contrasts and subordinate gradations of tone— flashes of sunlight, or the fitful play of fancy whioh usually relieve a young man's misanthropy. Mr. Warner's Hamlet is singularly freo from staginess. The soliloquies are all delivered as thoy should be, in tho manner of a man thinking aloud ; and most of tbo lines aro given iu tbo tone of natural and graceful conversation. But the limited powers of his voico forbid bim to rise to higher flights than this. It is only by the most careful management that ho succeeds in mnkiug that organ effeclivo, and then it is very often by resort to a whispor. He cannot render the most beautiful passages with elocutionary charm. Tho musio of the words is often lost by the vocal defect The actor is weak &s; regards tho display of tragic power, and there nre no overwhelming or eleotrically thrilling effects, though the intensity of passionate emotions— those gusts of passion which 11 come aud go like music borno on the wind "—aro not seldom well conveyed by reducing tbo voice to au agitated whisper. Mr. Warner was not letter perfect in tbo part, and this is hardly to be expected in an actor who has not played it for a considerable time. In bis first inter view with the ghost, ho delivers nearly the wholo of Hamlet's address supporting himself on Horatio's shoulder ; and in tbe following scene, alone with tho spectral visitor, he drops on ono knee in an attitude of filial reverence on hcariog that it is his father's spirit with whom he is commnninar. The ox- clamation, "Oh! my prophetic soul, my uncle," usually given with a risiog interroga tory inflection, was spoken in a tone indicating strongly that tbe information was confirmatory of a former rooted conviction. .Though these scenes wero impressively rendered, tbere was a lack of power nnd passion'in that which fol lows the departure of tho spectre, where Hamlot determines to devote himself to the doing of its bidding. The interview with Poioniu8, in which Hamlet first feigns mad ness, was very naturally rendered, without tho BmaUest appearance of stage artifice ; and tho advice to the players was also given with unaffected .simplicity. The soliloquies " What a piece of work is man !" " What a rogue and peasant slave am I," " Oh, that this too, too solid flesh would and " To be or not to bo " had each of tbenitho merit o! appearing to be tho utterance of spontaneous thoughts, and they wore spoken with a variety of manner aud subdued gesticu lation which added to their attractiveness. Mr. Warner /nakes a good point as tho curtain falls on the line "The play's tbo thing wherein I'll catoh the oonscionce of the King," by sink ing into a chair and seizing a pen, with which he begins to write the speech for the players. Tbe play sceno, contrary to custom, was repre sented iu tho open air, with a small canopied stage for the players and seats for the King, Queen and principal courtiers. This arrangement has, at least, the advantage of enabling Hamlet to seem to point to a real oloud, instead of to the ceiling of a room, when he directs the atten tion of Polonius to a vapory form "like a whale." The only scene in the tragedyin which Mr. Warner raises his voice (except during tbo quarrel with Laertes at the grave) is that in which, after the success of his stratagem of the mimic murder, he bursts into the hilarious quatrain, " Why, let tho stricken deer go weep," and. all tho courtiers having fled, sinks exhausted from mental tension into tbe arms of Horatio. The interview with the Queen mother was powerfully and realistically rendered, though something is lost in effect by having the Ghost outer from the wings instead of emerging from tbe portrait of the dead King on the panel. Mr. Warner restores the commonly omitted incident in which Hamlet, seeing tho usurping King at prayer, reasons with himself as to whether ho shall kill him then, and determines tb it his sword shall know a more " horrid bont." This is oue of tho paB-. sages which Voltairo relied ou for the truth of his criticism that tho play is tho work of''a savage. Iu the romainiug portions of tbe tragedy Mr. Warner follows established custom, and it may be s&id; that he presents a Hamlet which, tbougli sometimes deficient in decluma- tory power and evidence of personal force, and though not an enthralling portraiture of tbo melaticholy Prince, is full of natural grace and refined susceptibility, and possesses the com mendable quality of having much more of tbe genileraao aud scholar than of the actor about it. There arc no properly trained Shakspearian companies in these dayB, and it is too much to look for au efficient cast of Hamlet. Those who expected nothing in thi-t respect on Saturday night woro not disappointed. Mr. Flemmiug was a good enough Horatio; but tbo acting version of tho play reduces tho character to insignificance. Mr. Catos can play manv Shakspearian parts well enough, though no was an unusually hard and unsympathetic Laertes. The Queen of Miss Watt-Tanner and tho Ophelia of Miss Morris wero mediocre. Mr. Vincont did not take tho trouble to dress the Ghost in accordance with tho text, nnd bo made a decidedly earthy spirit Mr.J. L. Hall's First UrAvedicger was passable; Mr. Clithorow was an unimpressive Polonius ; and Mr. Ryau's King recalled delightful memories of Richardson's Show. Tho per formance, as regards tbe general cast, gave poiuttotbe dictum thut thero is no play of ShakBpeare's that suffers so much ao Hamlot in being transferred to the stage. The effect of one of Mr. Warner's earliest scones on Saturday night was seriously jeopardised by a long pause, rendered necessary by the wailing of an irre pressible infant in the family circle, and some portions of tbe dialogue were lost to tho audience by the unconscionable hammerings of the carpenters and sceno shifters at the back of the stage. Those aro matters iu regard 10 which the management should not bo neglectful of the comfort of actors and spec tatora. 4 