FROM AN IRISH LADY. IRELAND IN ITS SOCIAL ASPECTS. No. XIV. DEAR COUSIN,—We have in Dublin a National Gallery, or the beginning of a National Gallery. It is in a building which stands within the green enclosure known as Leinster-lawn, and is attached to the Duke's old mansion, now described as the Royal Dublin Society's House, and 'containing our National Library. The new buildings on the ther side of the mansion, within that part f its enclosure facing Kildare-street, are destined to be the ultimate home of the library. In the same way, the large collecion of Foley's noble casts, willed by him to the Irish nation, will be transferred to the National Museum. Meanwhile, the Duke of Leinster's fine old house is rather overcrowded by science, art, and letters. The latest institution founded within this group of buildings is a National Portrait allery. At present it is a mere beginning, intended to form the nucleus of a collection of portraits and authentic historical pictorial records, comprising not only portraits of eminent Irishmen and Irishwomen, but also of statesmen and others who were politically or socially connected with Ireland, or whose lives serve in any way to illustrate her history, or throw light on her social, or literary, or artistic records. A few years ago Sir Henry Doyle, the energetic curator of the National Gallery, originated the idea of this portrait collection, making the best use of the small means at his disposal, and assisted from private source^ by many, who, possessing some portraits interesting to the nation at large, displayed their public spirit by transferring the canvas from their own homes to the new gallery. More o£ such assistance is hoped for from day to day. Meanwhile the collection, though small, is attractive, and full of interest and importance for all who carry the story of Ireland in their hearts, and cherish the hope of her better days in the future. I have just paid a long visit there, passing out of the golden afternoon sunshine into the Bhady gallery and the presence of a curiously mixed company, each silent in his own place, unrebellious against the law of strange equality, which has placed him next his neighbour. Fancy might run riot in imagining the scenes that would occur here, could the witching hour of night give spirit and substance to these painted semblances, with power and freedom to use, as of old, the voice or hand that won them a shadowy abiding place on these walls. Oliver Cromwell and Lord Edward Fitzgerald, Bishop Berkely and Sir Walter Raleigh, Edmund Burke, the lovely Jennings, and the great Dean of St. Patrick's. What would they Say to each other could the speaking eyes and lips on the canvas cease to be a reflection, and become a reality? There are 'several portraits of Burke, each looking different from the last. The finest and most interesting, perhaps, is by Barry (himself a great Irish man), though this likeness is not BO flattering to the great statesman's feattires : as the po'r traits by Reynolds and Romney. Crfamwell makes three appearances: oh the walls, two are deadly cruel and tflrHble. one has the look of a condemned:80til; the> third a somewhat milder, more ordinarily huinari. AgreatcOn trastio the dreadful Oliver is bis son, Richard Cromwell,; a youthful, -almost ; girlish face; with itflOft) iibrowh'vhnir waving> and curling about the rbrotf.andi.'neck, itafliwMfr'genflfeyes that d eem > tobfilong to a iwaiari. •' Look ing at himwe remembta bis jfortuneB: ' How htoestiites iwere^forleitedfttthe Restoration nothing remaining to him but the lands in Ireland which he had bought from the soldiers, who were ready enough to sell for money the grants of land in this country made them by the Devastator in reward for their bloody services. An article in "All the Tear Round," 12th May, 1888, tells us that though these Irish properties were secured by Act of Settlement to Richard Cromwell, they were seized from his children by the Clanricardes; and that the property of Woodford, of late made so unhappily prominent as a spot of suffering in Ireland, should belong by right not to the Burkes but to the Cromwells. Turning with pleasure to a friend from a foe, we meet the mild, keen, and sincere eyes of one who truly loved this country, serving it in justice and in truth, Thomas Drummond, born in Edinburgh 1797, a statesman and a man of science, who came to Ireland in 1835 with {Lord Mulgrave, as undersecretary. It was Drummond who first uttered the oft quoted aphorism that "property has its duties as well as its rights," and he traces the miserable condition of this country to the neglect of those duties. The avowal of such sentiments raised a perfect storm of rage and indignation around him, and his policy was called in question in both houses of Parliament. Drummond was employed on the Ordnance Survey, both'in Scotland and in Ireland, and was the inventor of the lime light known as the "Drummond light." His health had suffered from the hardships included in his surveying labours; the toils and anxieties of his life as under-secretary wore out his strength completely, and he died in 1840. When asked whether he desired to be buried in Ireland or in Scotland, he whispered, " In Ireland, the land of my adoption. I have loved her well, and served her faithfully, and lost my life in her service." He was buried in Mount Jerome Cemetery, near Dublin. A portrait statue of Drummond, by Hogan, stands in the City Hall, and when Miss Martineau came to Ireland one of her first objects was to see this statue. It was a far more pathetic sight than she had imagined. "It was the same face," she said, "but I should hardly have known it without looking for it, so worn, almost haggard, in comparison with what it had been 1 It justified his closing words, ' I die for Ireland.' " In this country the death of Drummond was bewailed as a national calamity. Of other good ruleTS in Ireland who detested the state of things they found here, and strove by their acts and writing to help us, we have the friendly faces of Lord Fitzwilliam, Lord Cornwallis, Earl of Moira, Lord Mulgrave. A few quaint figures in extraordinary garb take us further back into history. Essex, a mild, pale face, with dark eyes and hair, wears a dress of black velvet of curious cut, thickly broidered with pearls, and a ruff not unlike that carried by his royal and cruel mistress. Sir Walter Raleigh, with tawny hair and a much more rugged countenance, might have been clothed by the same tailor or man-milliner in black, pearl-sewn, though his coat is fashioned on a somewhat different pattern. Another curious costume which might be interesting to a student of the history of dress is worn by General Christopher Nugent, an Irish gentleman, who became General in the service of the republic of Venice, 1770. The picture is by, Pietro Longhi, an Italian artist. The Duke of Ormonde, with long yellow hair, looking very foolish in fantastic blue and scarlet silken draperies, his shoes tied with great bunches of blue ribbon, gives no cause for wonder. There are several portraits of Grattan, always an interesting face to study, and we have Swift and Charlemont side by side, life-like and , vigorous presentments. Of novelists we have Julia Eavanagh, a pale, dark, serious countenance; the brothers Banim (Michael Banim especially attractive); Lady Morgan; an ugly sketch by Watts of the handsome Mrs. Norton ; and Charles Lever, in coloured chalks, looking like a sun-burned sailor. Several varieties of Moore appear, and we make acquaintance with the features of Samuel Lover. There are other even more 'fascinating faoes in the gallery, though they are mere ghosts, in pencil, in pen and ink, in chalk. Robert Emmet is represented. < crudely, a primly-lined, stern head, with nothing ; young in its aspect, 'the drawing,, a ,/oc. simile of a , miniature by Comerford. Sad, cold, pinched with suffer« ing and determination,' 'noble of trow afli forehead, ,the ; face. of. Robert ,Emmet iiejce '«calls upthe same painful and patheticreflec- tions which the sight of- it ever produce. Near him two pencil sketches of Tho Davis remind us- that though these interesting as the work of Sir Frederi t Burton, yet Hogan's beautiful statue on ft grave in Mount Jerome Cemetery gi vea UB 6 much more true idea of the Davis, wW memory is precious to us. Another work of Burton's is the strange, weird, yet graced sketch of the head of the poet and dreamer Clarence Mangan. But I find that, small as our collection is the distinguished company overcrowd the page of to-day's writing, and I mn8t ho, 4 over some famous and well-beloved names for mention in another letter. 