COUNTRY mm. ! RETURN OF THE ROMAN CATHOLIC BISHOP OF BALLARAT. Fbom Our Correspondent. I BALI. A RAT, Saturday. Dr. Mooro, Roman Catholio Bishop of Bal larat, who had been absent from the colony for over 12 months, returnod to Ballarat to-day, accompanied by about 40 priests and nuna for tbe diocese. Among tho ecclesiastics aro tho Hon. aud Rev. Plunkott, brother of the Earl of Fmgal, and the Rev. Refe, and other Fathers of the Holy Ghost, who are about to establish a Roman Catholic college in Ballarat. There are also a number of secular priests and nuns, among the latter being a number of Sisters of Nazareth, who are to take charge of an orphanage at Lake Wendouree, which institution will be open to all creeds and nationalities. The Hon. and Rev. Plunkott, who belongs to tbe Redemptorist Order, will join tho Revs. O'Fnrreil, Halson and O'Neil in founding a monastery at Windermere, a rural district a short dis tance from Ballarat. It may bo added that "tho purohaso of the college, the monastery and tho orphanago has been defrayed from the privato purse of Dr. Moore, the whole costing about £9000, and these institutions were j to-day formally handed over to tho Roman j Catholics of the diocese. About 7000 persons I assembled at tho western railway station to re ceive the bishop and party, who came by the train arriving from Melbourne at 4 o'clock. On ! the platform wer.e the reception committee, m- ' eluding Mr. B. Brophy, J.P.; Sir. E. j Murphy, M.L.A.; Mr. J. J. Fitzgerald, J.P.; Sir. J. Coghlan, J.P.; and other leading j members of the Roman Catholic Church. As , tho train steamed into the station loud cheers j were given by the large assemblage. Subse quently a procession was formed, headed by tho ' H.A.C.B. Society, carriages containing the! bishops, ecclesiastics and nuns following, the whole marching through the streets to St. Patrick's Cathedral, which was thronged by a congregation whioh embraced representatives of many Protestant denominations. The ceremony of enthroning tho bishop having been performed, the priosts, nuns and attendants took up their positions in tbo sanctuary, immediately in front of the altar railings. Here his lordship was presented with a number of beautiful and costly addresses from the clergy of tho diocese, tho laity, the Holy Family, the Hibornian Society, tho female branch of the Holy Family (who also gave a purso of sovercigus for the ! Sisters of Nazaroth Orphanage Fund), and from | the Christian Doctrine Society. Bisnop Moore, i who was robed in purplo, and wore the gold chain and cross of tuo prelate, was then escorted i to the pulpit by tho Kov. Fathers Cloary and i Doyle. In roply to tho kindly expression of feeling contained in tho addresses, ! his lordship, who appeared extremely ner- voua, returned his warmest thanks. ' He expressed gratitude to God for being once more among bis people, who had been in his i thoughts and constantly remembered in his! prayers. He then reviewed the work done by him for tbe diocese during his absence in Europe, and referred to the Jubilee of the Pontiff and to the orownad heads of Europo sending envoys to his Holiness with presents and cordial greeting. Speaking of education! in Victoria, Bishop Moore said 41 If we mean to keep up oar Catholio schools-— a determina- tion, 1 think, which facts abundantly teat — it is obvious we must rely on oursolves for the re dress of our grievances. We must use the power put into our hands by a just and well balanced constitution. In that constitution oven minorities have a placo and an importance. We ore a strong minority, whoso strength should not bo j ignored. United, disciplined and resolute i Catholics can at the polling booths and in Par- 1 liament vindicate rights which, based on even justice to all, threaten neither country nor Government. Considor tho example presented in those past years by tho laud from which many of us have como. The systematic misgovernmnnt of that country was notorious to the world. Yet it was only when its people took up their own cause in a constitutional way, and in good earnest, that a chango began to ap pear in tho attitude of their rulers. I have looked closely into tho electoral organisation of Ireland. It is simply perfect of its kind. I could wish we had ouo or two such men to register and organise tho Catholio votes of this diocese." Altera few moro remarks hi3 lordship, alluding to his visit to Ireland, said, 41 1 witnessed with unbounded satisfaction tho strong faith and undying patriotism of the Irish people, but I was pained and shocked to behold tho barbarous treatment to which they ure sub jected in tho name of law and order, in no land, much less in these pros perous colonics, have I 6cen such distress and misory amongst the peoplo, and yot this condition, so far from awakening sympathy in tho hearts of the administrators of tho Govornment, seems but to intensify their hatred and con- tempt. At the same time, when I saw all that 'was being done by good men throughout Great Britain, I felt as you do, that this is just the dark hour before the dawn, Meanwhile I con sider we aro bound to strain overy nerve, con tributing towards tho triumph of that sacred cause. In this connection I cannot holp expressing satisfaction that tho Irishmen of my dioceso took no senseless lino of action on a recent occasion whon tho Holy Soe deemed it advisable to communicato certain decisions to tho bishops of Ireland. True, tho enemies of Ireland and of the Papacy sought to make capital out of that event, but have failed. No word, no wish, emanating from Leo XIII. can be construed in condemnation of Ireland's con stitutional efforts to recover her Parliamentary frocdom. He has boon pained beyond concep tion that any of his Irish children could have been muled for a moment to enter tain tho incrodt suspicion on tbat point. In ray last interview with the Holy Father before leaving for Australia, I had occasion to know bis sentiments on tho Irish question. I can assort that he is our true friend, and that much ho does for Ireland is not now duly appre ciated becanso circumstances provent it from being generally known. Having referred to tho very great interest tho pontiff takes in tho progress of tho church in Australia, Bishop Mooro concluded his address by stating that lie had purchased in Europe a number of valuable statues and ornaments for St. Patrick's Cathe dral. It may be added also that when in Italy he secured a painting for presentation to tho Ballarat Fino Art Gallery, of which ho is a vice- president. 