: PROTECTION AT PYRMONT. A i unt.i(- niueting undor thu auspice of tho protection nod political lie.ogue was ht-ld lost evening, in thu Academy of Music, Union-street, Pyraont, Mr. Scott Boss in the chair. About 200 jwreons wero nre<-ut. The use of the hall viu granted free for the purpose by tho proprietor. 'Thu Chairman, in opening thu proceed ings, sutd there were thrcu fundamental principle connected with thu policy of I'lotootiom — 1. That in all Industrial communities it was necessary to protect the employment of the people. 2. That employment was of more importance than cheapness. 3. That tho distribution of wealth was of more importance than thu accumulation of wealth. Politics was the seluncu of equity. Adam Smith, tho apostle of Frce-trudc. laid it down that agriculture came first, manufacture second, commerce next ; here New Bouth Wales inverted tho order ot things ; hcnco the disastrous position la which wo found the colony plunged nt tho present time. England's commerce, compared with that of France, had been falling off since 18(18. Under Protection America was accumu lating annually .CIC3, 000,000 sterling. Under Freo-treuo England was accumula ting annually XU5, 000,000. Many exports maintained tlwt tlnco 187C-U she waa losing money instead of accumulating it. America exported more than she imported. England imported annually .£130,000,000 more than she exported. There was no advantage in having things cheap in tho colony under Free-trade, if people bad Dot money to bay them. Ho had been 44 years in the colony, and thought that thu maximum of our exports of wuo), tallow and hides haq been reached. What would become of uj if wo bad one or two bad scsjons? Tho Protectionists would havo nothing to do with an income tax or a property tax. but they would go ia for a land tax. No Protectionist tn tho House would dare to vote a shilling to bring immigrants to this country. (Applause.) He urged liU lu'&rers; to see to the electoral registration. In Canterbury, where ho himself resided, they bad increased thu number of regis teied from 12,000 or 13,000 to 10,000. (Applause.) Thu Protectionist wore going to wurk hard for tho Newtown elec tion, and they hoped to puil it off.' (Ap plause.) Mr. J. Gauton proposed thu first resolu tion as follows Tills mooting is of opinion that a Protection policy is tho best possiblo policy fcr tho masses of Now South Wales. Ho said ho defined poli tical economy as the science of tbo accu mulation of wealth in the hands of a few. In Egypt, long ago, it meant wealth and power in the hAnda of one man, and sub stantially it meana tbo same ever ainco. Tho accumulation of wealth in the hands of the fow could not benefit thu masses. Out of the land arose all the wealth of a nation, not from trsdo. Tbo Free-tndo policy waaj supported by fallacies, and thu misrepresenta tion of tho Protectionist arguments. Free- traders said wo had no population to warrant Protection, but Protection was tho means by which to obtain population. A small nucleus of an industry always roto to a great hiro of industry. The question was, were wo to support Free- trade for tho benefit of people cUowbcre, or promoto domestic industries for tho benefit ot tho people P Mr. W. Johnson seconded the motion. Ho said ho intended to rcir upon thu Stonbt Mobnino Hbrald for soma of hia arguments In favour of Protection. (Laughter.) It seemed to him that tho Urbald was giving up the Free- trsdo ghost. (Itonowcd laughter.) Tho IIxititD of that day said "Tho state ment tlmt machinery increases the demand for labour was true enough 40- or 50 years ago, but it often happens in oconomio that that what is truo in one generation is loss true in tho next, and ia untruo in tho third." (Applause and laughter). Again, " In America thu stimulus to invention has Wen mainly a consequence of tho dear- Dees of labour, for, until tho lost few yuan, employers there were not much troubled by strikes." That was quito true; "dear- nets of laboor" meant high wages. Tho Now York correspondent of the Herald said that there were 100,000 men out of' employment in Now York. But, probably tho number of unemployed in London was fivo times n large. Moreover, us tho Srsn had pointed out, New York was tho receptacle of all tho piupor immigrants of Europe — many coming from Frce-trndo England, and very many from Frec-trado I relaml— (Isughter)— where tho people were glad to get rid of tho misery In which they nod been steeped for generations. It was a curioui thing that Free-traders were Always Pro tectionists in their own business. (Ap plause.) The proprietors of tho Hxbald were fond of Introducing and using machinery wherever it could do away with manual labour. Sir Henry Parkcs— (groans)— when he wnn in bujincss as a wood turner, was a Protectionist bocauso ho would not like tonco ship-loads ot toys arriving from England. Mr. Wise, tho lst'o Attorney General, was also a Protectionist. He gave up his connection with the present honest Go- vernmont because lio was losing .£1000 a year privately. Mr. Gladstone said fifteen yearn ago that America was thu great workshop of tho world, and sincuthcn lie agriculture, external trade, and interna) commerce had been going ahead by leaps and bounds. Mr. W. UiciiAuiHiiiN supported the rc- solution. Soiuu years ago bo plumped for Mr. Abigail because that gentleman talked about bis support of native indus tries. But now West Sydney had not a singlo representative who cared anything for tho promotion of thoso industries. It was shameful the way that West bydnoy luid been treated by misrepresentation ia Parliament. The policy of Now South Wales at present was to tax all the nccus- Euriea of lifu to tho working classes and then send these people out to mako thing which were to compete with articles manu factured elsewhere and imported. Mr. Hidowick also supported the reso lution, which was put anil carried. The proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the chnirman. 