A HAUNTED CASTLE. Mr. Vanderbilt not long ago bought the! lease of the famous Castle of Lindenfels/ the favourite residence of the late King' Louis II. ol Bavaria. A few weeks ago, the lease was dissolved by the mutual ccn- , sent of the contracting parties, viz , Mr. : Vanderbilt and the executors of tbe unfortunate monarch. The ostensible cause of; this sudden change of plans was a ghost.' The millionaire and his wife, desiring the! experience of wha\ it felt like to slebp in a royal castle, made an excursion to their! SchloBs, intending to remain a day or tfvoT They brought a few servants with them,' and engaged the remainder ,among We. Bavarians in the, neighb'bu.libda. it did tiptjajte Mr.,jMderViit long to that most of the people in the vicinity regarded him with the most bitter animosity ' He was considered a usurper who had eom todesecrate a monument sacred to tbe happiest years of their late King, who was as dearly beloved as tbe present Regent, Luitpold, isdisliked. On this occasion Mr. Vanderbilt's lines had not&llen; in pleasant places. At night the nenr proprietors occupied the Blue Room, tbe one most fre quently elept in by the King. It is a palatial apartment, decorated throughout in Louis X-tV. style and full of mementoes of that monarch, for whom the King of Bavaria himself hail such a deep reverence Having retired, and the lights in Hie castle bring extinguished, strange noises began to be heard. Mrs. Vanderbilt was alarmed and insisted on her husband's rising and instituting a search. This he did while I i absence of a 32 calibre lerioan revolver, and of course discovered nothing. He endeavoured to reassure bis wife, but tbe strangeness, not to gay weirdness of -the -surroundings, made her thoroughly nervous, and she was unable to sleep that night The next morning Mr. Vanderbilt,' quite confident that it was all some practical joke of the Bavarians, made an investigation, which ended in nothing. They spent the day in look ing over the castle, and that night again retired early. Soon after tbe same sounds which had disturbed them before began qgain. Mrs. Vanderbilt declared that, ghost or no ghost, enemies or no enemies, nothing would induce her to remain in the place Another day. The next morning they started for the Bavarijan capital. Mr. Vanderbilt found no difficulty in getting rid of.his lease. :It will now be made part ot the State property. Mrs. Vanderbilt is fully persuaded that, had they persisted in remaining at Lindenfels, they would have been murdere I, the hostility oT the peasants being so great. At any rate, they are now convinced that royal castles are not exactly in their line, and have contented themselves with renting Herbert House, Belgrave Square, for the coming season. I 