TOM CHEDDE&TON;'S LUCK. Br F. W. ROBXKSOIT. IL Here begins the second epoch In the life of your humble servant Tom Chedderton. I skip over exactly twelve years after that great race meeting when Honse-a-fice won the Derby. I was 35 years of age come next Christmas- time, and, though I say it myself, a jolly good-looking fellow, with a trifle too much colour about me to be exactly perfect— a little reddish, like a pillar-box. I had ] prospered. The winning of £80 on Honse-alire had been the turning point in my career —it had made me a betting man, but it had made me rich. Mo, there is no moral to this story. The more I write about it the more I ilainly see there is not the ghost of a moral n any part of it. I had made £80 by a wild and unprincipled flake, and I had " gone in" with that £80 a regular " bn'ster." Accordin to all the rales of proportion of any story I have ever read—1 ain't read mj iy, certainly— I ought to have come to smash for giving up a respectable sort of out-of-doors employment and taking to the turf. I ought to have been begging from door to door, none the better for the first windfall that had dropped at my big feet. I had made money by some unlucky beggars, doubtless; perhaps some poor clerk, down in the city somewhere, had made free with his master's cashbook or his master's till to meet his losses, and was doing his penal for it. But I was lucky—oat and about—and getting on "fine" myself. We can't all be uppermost My luck, as I have already said, was A joke amongst my friends. Yes, the devil's luck as well as my own it was. I was nearly always right; I was sharp and shrewd, and not too particular—I own it still—as to ''information received," though it is not often a race is as clean sold as this one was when Hoase-a-fire came in. Dot that I ever oared for racing which was known beforehand to be a dead certainty, not so much on the square as it might be with a decent show of propriety all round. My instincts, at any rate, were always towards fair play. Most real sporting men's are. It's the aristocratic mugs that spoil the game. We don't trust them further than we oan see them. Oh, no. Bat instincts won't do everything in horse racing, or help a man on much. WelL at five-and-thirty, and in one fashion or another, I was worth a good many thons'. I could have married well if I liked—married rank, sir, and beauty, bat somehow they did no seem exactly In my line. X took a big house in a London square, just to show off a bit and have a swell address, and many a tiptop smoking, singing, sporting, card party £ have bad there, with heaps of young Lords to keep the game alive, sand the leaves of the betting-books a flattering; X was one of the biggest bookmakers, though X say it myself. People took to me and felt that they could trust me; and if there was one thing X was proud of it was thai. " Tom Chedderton'* all right" everybody said, and it was a nioe -sensation to keep on hearing this. I played fair and square, X paid fair and square ; bat I don't know that I was any happier than when X was driving my pair-horse bus along the Walworth-road or Baker-street, I don't believe that I was quite as happy, take it altogether. People trusted me, but they did not like me half as welL They cursed me as well as my look, you see, when they were a little bit out of the running. That was natural enongh, too. And then I could never do the gentlemanquite; my early education had been against that. Take the topic of conversation out of horseflesh and where was A grinning lout without a spinal colamn anedolL X discovered that for myself when X was taken ill all of a sudden—clean knocked over, chest wrong, liver wrong, everything inside me wrong, if I had been fool enough to believe all the doctors said when they cams to punch me about and collar their fees for frightening me. X had lived in an atmosphere of too much excitement. They said I lad " gone the pace." X had disorganized all my machinery, and only absolute rest would save me. Change of climate, change of scene, change of living, change of friends, and rest. The easier and more unprofitable life I led the better for my chance of pulling round, they told me. Perhaps they were right, bnt it W8S the hardest work to be lazy that I bad ever done in all my life I was to go abroad, and I conldn't think of anybody wno was worth his salt as a companion—worth laying his board and lodging in exchange :or his society—BO I went alone. went to Paris, and a fine melancholy hole X thought it, with everybody talking gibberish, and not able to understand a blessed word, X was to amnse myself or die; and if (t had not been for the circus X daresay I should have died right off. There were horses there, and I used to cry over them in a corner, and wish I was well enough, strong-minded enongh, to be able to drive them, ride them, or do anything but stare at them. I was interdicted from going to the races, but I went there curreptitionsly when I rot bit stronger, and did a quiet bet or two of a few tboos*, met some old pals, and then—broke down again. I went to Switzerland and got a little better; I went mooching about all kinds of foreign places and got worse. X settleddown almost for good at MonteCarloby order of the last physician, and there I picked up strength onoe more—all my old strength, too—by degrees, and began to think after a good six months' stretch that London was about my tonch, and that Tom Chedderton was himself again. There was one thing which X did not do at Monte Carlo, and that was plank my money down In any quantity at the tables. laying and flourishing by chances as I had done— the favourite of chance—the chances of the cuds did not kid me on. I did not think I was sharp enongh for the foreigners, and X did not want them to take care ol my money in place of looking after it myself. X put down a gold piece now and then, just to keep up the character of my country and help towards the expenses of the establishment, bnt I had always hard trouble to make out whether X had won or lost, and X took what they pleased to give me when the old luck turned up. I had a striking moral always before me in the spavined, broken-kneed, wall-eyed crew- that came and went in one long dismal-Jemmy procession all the time that -1 wai- getting bade my strength. One man was my moral in particular. I could not look at him without turning sick, and yet, like a blessed fool, I was always looking at him. I couldn't help it. He was what they call a basilisk, 1 think. He wtas a disreputable vagabond, at any rate, and not a credit to the establishment. For the sake of old times they let him in, for the story went that he. had lost more than one big fortune at the tables, that he had helped as much as any man to make by hia losses the credit of the place, lie was a mere hanger-on now, watching the chances of the game rather than playing at it himself, bat now and then surprising even the officials by a heavy bet—all lumped down at once, and all swept away as a rule. A short, greasy, palsy- stricken, Jewish-looking foreigner, with hair, beard, and moustache of a dirty grey, and fall of last year's dnst—a man half-starved, half-mad, with yellow fangs instead of teeth, and eyes set so deep in his bead that the; looked as if they were trying to work out of their sockets by the back way. He was very excitable over the game, even when he had no stake in it, and was profuse in his advice to those players who wonld listen to him for a while, and then invariably laugh at him. He had an uncomfortable habit'of squinting«t one, too, bathe, never spoke a word. I was not one of the regular players : my general get-up, perhaps my floridcomplexion, attracted him, bat ne never volunteered to address me. I thought it was likely he did not speak English, and X knew it was oertain I did not speak anything else, so we Bhould not have pulled together in harness very well. Besides, I was not at all anxious to cultivate the man's acquaintance, he looked such an unearthly sort of jibber. Things came to a crisis one night when he was turned out of the gambling premises, neck and crop. He had teen drinking before his arrival. He had—for the first time for some weeks—put a tidyish earn of money on his colour, and once more it was lost. He had borne his loss with less equanimity than usual, and was expelled the premises and threatened with the law's utmost severity if he ever dared to show his face again and disturb the stodies of respectable people. X IoBt sight of him for a fortnight; then in the broad daylight, in the principal street, at the fashionable hour, I came npon him, or rather he came npon me with a fanny hop, skip, and jump, and hooked one thin finger through the button-hole of my overcoat, and dug his nail into my chest—a long nail, like the dirty amber stem of a pipe—and looked for the first time eagerly and hungrily into my face. There had been a young woman with him, poorly clad also, when he first came towards me. bnt she turned away aa soon as he had hooked on, and only glanced back once before turning tbe corner of the next street. ** You don't know me, you don't recollect me ?" he said in broken English, and gabbling very rapidly. " No; I'm hanged if I do." "But I know you—ah, well. You are iSogleesh, and X have been for this five, seex long months trying to recollect you. And it all comeB back, every bit of it." S.A RAILWAYS — Excursion fares are advertised for the Mount Gambier Races on J uly 4 and 5. "ROUGH ON RATS" clears out rats, mice, roaches, flies, ants, bed- bugs, beetles, insects, skunks, jack-rabbits, sparrows, gophers. At chemists and druggists, lzk; j 