The iMpwing Tragedy. (Concluded.) BY j. H. CONNELLY. Tue person who suffered most severely was Captain Densmore. His portion-of the fish 'lad been cooked separately for bim in a way .bat be alone liked—by steeping its slices in m marinade of oil, vinegar and spices,in a portion of which it was afterwards stewed— v bile all the rest of the dolphins had been -..iced, rubbed with salt,and fried. Before the next morning the captain was dead, and it was taken for granted that the Silician ashion in which his meal had been prepared iad caused a more virulent exhibiton of tbe (to^onous properties of tbe fish, or that those properties, if equally present in what was i-aten by bis wife, Mr. Gillette and the crew, iiad been dissipated or neutralised by the salt and heat of frying. Both of the mates, and five of the men before the mast and the ,-aptain's cabin companions were very sick for several bouts, but, by the time the captain was dead, were completly recovered. The Lapwing ' was now nearing the equator. The weather was very warm, and it was necessary to confine the unfortunate .-aptain's body to tbe deep at an early hour in the day. All the supposed truth concerning the sad occurrence wasduly entered upon ihe log, and the first mate took command of tbe vessel. \- The night that followed was one of terror fur the crew. There was a stiff breeze blow ing, but not half a gale, and no anxiety was felt on that account. That which affrighted the saiiors was tbe presence of a large b/uish dame, almost glooular in form,tbat appeared in the rigging, first upon the extreme euu of the fore-top yard, then travelling to tue mast-head, thence to the top of the mainmast by the top gallant, thence to the mizzeii, and so over the vessel from point to point. - . • The flame was safficiently large and strong t<> light up the faces of the men on deck with an unearthly blue color. It moved very slowly, as would a lantern carried in a man's •and, and was in no wise affected by the wind. Sailors now are familiar with tbe light, which they call a " composant," and know that it is simply an electrical phenomenon, produced by certain ill-explained conditions of the atmosphere; but in those days it was looke i upon as a ghost, and was always a thing of terror. Tbe men were all agreed that .the ship was haunted; and as their Superstitions stimulated -their imaginations, there were some among them "who averred that they had seen the captain, looking,'as he did in life, pacing the deck at midnight, and then suddenly darting up among tbe riggings, where he appeared again in the dreaded form of tbe composant. ; The.day..that followed tbat.awfnl night was one of intense heat, without wind, aud the ship lay "as idle as a painted ship upon a painted . oceanbut at nightfall tbe gale again spiang up, and again the 'composant appeared in the rigging. Another day ami -night of precisely similar characteT ensued." By this time'the crew, and even theanates, were in' such a state oi affright tb'at there'was talk -among <them .of taking to 'the boats and abandoning the - vessel in mid-ocean. . Rumors that the ship was! haunted had,reached tbe cabin, and had upun Mr. Gillette .an.cfiect'as appalinjg as upon the most ignorautand superstitious of the sailors; He could not bear to be alone: for a moment; and as Mrs. Densmore, deaf to all bis appeals for her society, persistently remained shut up in her cabin, be sought "the company-of tbe mates, and even of the steward, and drank copiously and cbntinoously juf brandy.: \- -It was after inidnight on the third .bight that the composauts "had flamed in the rigging, that the tempest burst in all its fury upon tbe doomed vessel. Before daylight the Lapwing was but. a dismantled, battered hulk. Her foremast had been broken" off' at the ,head; her mainmast was torn away at the deck; a mass of - top-hamper hung over her side, and one of the masts, like a : batteririg-rata; had beaten -upon the side of the ship ^ntil it had made a rent through which the -n hall was filli&g; tGastJ* In haste, end with the greatest 'difficulty^ tbe crew managed to launch tbe pinhace and; the long-boat -from the; sinking v^sel. In the former ...were embfjrk&l; ]the. second. mate, cook, F'and six sailors. ' .*'•"' "-.->. „ ^J^ongrbo^t was.crpwded by npe saQors, thfi{fir?t^ mate/ carpenter, steward, the c&ptw;^'s""widow," 'and "Mr." Gillette."' 8o"short was the .tithe, affbtded fbr escape tliat few provisions were embarked ; -but happily'bi itu boais were got off without": the loss of a Hf£ .?'<•-< \- " - :••••>:. - According, to "the hurried, calculations of the first mate, die shipwrecked mariner? wfcre? theniabfiut joiae • hundred,mUes/from theLBtaziluui coast. 'With the favor of good ^ey. .might- well hope to reach tb at " rcould they biit manage to ma^e ttpir prorisiom and, fresh ' Water' hold oul f6r the;iroyaoe ; 'biit so scant was the stip- SfyMiSt tte hearts -bF all sank at : tbe conipytabh «f 'the prospect:'' mil Were at $;-^t«p6hshort; allowance of'both^fooi} 'and .idtiidc, vand none i complained; ti>ut < ^tc (H^^.wswokt from a druaken stupor. to find himself tortured by a raging, feverish thirst. He consumed at a single draught his share of water for the day, au l begsed for more. Mrs. Densmore pitied his manifest agony, and would have given "him her portion also, but the first mate, who was a determined man and equal to tbe emergency, positively forbade her doing so. The fury of the storm was spent by a littls after daybreak, and before noon the wind had sank to a gentle breeze, but the sea was still very high, and it was as much as tbe sailors could do to keep their boats head on to tbe waves, without making any attempt to lay their course for land. Fiercely the sun glared down on the unprotected heads of the survivors of tbe wreck with such burning force that it seemed to them as if they would go mad, and only slight relief was afforded by frequent wettings of their hair with the sea water. Mr. Gillette became half delirious toward the latter part of the day, and began to ntter strange words, that at first were taken for raving, but, after a time, began to awaken horrible doubts in the minds of those who beard them. He seemed unconscious of his surroundings, ignored the presence of the sailors, and addressed himself to the captain's widow. ' I have done away with the hound for your only excuse," said he to her, " and now you must go with ine. Come, smile upon me, and say it was well done. The old fellow is no longer in our way. They have fed him to the fishes. Do you think the areenic in bim will disagree with them t Yon cannot now doubt that I love you, Well, it was your fault that I bad to put him out of the road. If you bad consented to go with me, and leave him, he would be alive now. But what does it matter? An old fellow like him 1 What business had be to get in my way 1" Thus he rambled on until exhaustion overcame him, and he sank to sleep. Mrs. Densmore heard bim with such horror as deprived b'T of the power of speech to reply. She could only stare at him with wide-distended eyes and parted lips. Not for an instant did she-doubt that he was unconsciously revealing the diead secret of his guilty soul. Nor did the other hearers of revelations doubt it, Murmurs passed among tbem from one to another. At length, when Mr. Gillette seemed to be as'eep, the first mate, in a low, stern voice, spoke to the captain's widow, demanding: " Mrs. Densmore, have this man's words any meaning to you ? Any connection with anything known to you that gives them any significance ?'* His voice seemed to break the spell that was upon her, and she burst into a passion of sobbing. When able to speak, she replid : " Yes. That man has persecuted me with what he called his love. He urged me to desert my husband and run away with him. I refused, and threatened to inform my husband. " Do you have any thought, from what you have heard him say, that he is in any way responsible for your husband's death?" " What else can I think? You all heard -what he said." *• Yes, we did ! and I don't think there's much question in our minds." Again, as darkness set in, the wind grew stronger and stronger, while the lowering sky gave ominous signs of the recurrence of such a tempest as that which had sent the .Lapwing to the bottom of the sea. Mr. Gillette was suddenly awakened from his troubled sleep by a rough hand that gripped his shoulder and shook him. His : nervous prostration was heightened by fear of the white capped billo us that, to bis excited fancy, seemed leaping to get at him on every side, and tbe last remnant of selfcontrol was dashed from his mind by the single accusing word " Murderer!" shouted into his ear by the first mate. " Pardon! Pardon !" he shrieked. " The devil tempted me! I'm sorry for it 1 Forgive me I" " How did you do it J" He hesitated, writhed in abject terror, and incoherentiy mingled appeals for pardon, with proffers of thousands of pounds for forgiveness. '• Answer, or we'll toss you overboard," threatened the mate. " He pizened him, and be tried to pizen us all!" exclaimed sturdy Bill Dongnn, one of tbe oldest sail->rs on the vessel. Ejaculations of denunciation and hoarse raurmers from Bill's sliipmate^Jrnse above the sound of the increasing irale. • " No I no!' cried Gillette. " I did not mean to harm anybody but the captain. I put arscnic on tbe fisli for him, but only tartar-einetic on the rest of it, to make it seem as if all had been poisoned alike by the dolphins. No, good men !—friends I— I would not have Larmed a hair of your beads: I only wanted to kiil tbe captain; tbatwasall—only tlie captain. I never did you any-harm. Forgive me! forgive me!" For some- minutes tl>e hearers of that confession were siient. The murderer was weakly crying, an l Mrs Densmore, her shawl about her h -ad, was sobbing. Then the first mate broke the silence, saying, in a meditative way. " I suppose there's them that would say we ought to carry this scoundrel ashore with us and ;jive him up to the law." " Well, I don't, for one," replied Bill Dongan. " If ever there was a Jonah he's one, and we'll never land again, not a one of us, if we keep company with him." It's-him, or all of us, that has to go in this storm that is coming np now," declared another of tbe crew. "Are we all agreed to that, men?" demanded the mate. •' AVs, all," answered the men in cborus. •• Is there, one who doubts his guilt, or thinks liis life should be spared until we make the laud 7" " No ! No 1 Not one I" was shouted from all sidi-s. ; • ".Then, overboard be goes." The two sailors nearest the doomed man seized him, but be, with a shrill scream of mortal f<-ar, tore himself loose from them, sprang up, and began fighting for his life. A blow from Bill Dongan's maul- like fist stretched him prostrate on the seats of the boat, and- one of his outstretched bands touching tbe.widow's dress, he clutched it with a doatb-<;rip of despair, howling, madlv : "Help! Help! Murder 1" Mrs. Desmond had swooned wl-en he made his confession, but such was the general excitement that no one bp. 1 noticed her condition. She wasinercifuliy spared ever again seeing the villain's face or bearing bis voice. A heavy heel crunched tiie bones of tiie band - clenching her skirt and forced re- linquishment of the grasp. In a moment more Lawrence Gillette was lifted up hv powerful-arms that tore bim loose from the seats to which he still strove to cling, and was burled clear of the boat's side into the angry sea... One bubbling cry was heard from bis Hps, and no more. He had gone to his dread reckoning. 'Hardly bad' this sacrifice been accomplished.- when, strange to relate, the fierceness 1 of jbe gnle died away, tiie stars shone out, and thenceforward the weather was -continuously pleasant and the winds favbrins.nntil the wrecked crew of the Laptoiug safely reached land. Mrs. Densmore retiirned home to England, and, by her inheritance-ofthe estate of the late captain, was left iu q'lite comfortable circumstances for life.. No concealment was attempted of the execution of the assassin, Gillette, but it was esteemed that be had been Tightly served for his crime,'and that the first mate, beiug lta command as captain, had authority, as a king upon the high seas, to do what he would with him. ' A Fair- Question.—An advertisement reads;:.-- , .VVaii;cJ. a young man, to : be partly fccipud; ^thc couiuer"; and someone has wtft^en to afk. '-'Wh&t; wUl be the result 1 rj J wnen the door slams?" B! j 