Paramatta District-Hospital. The annual meetingof the subscribers to the FarramatU unuaatta District Honital was held in the Council Chambers on Monday night. Then were present—The Ven. Archdeaoon Giinther, president (in the chair), Drs. Brown, Phillips, and Bowman, and Messrs. W. 6. Bladon, J. E. Sparkes, W. W. Bodesham, F. T. WatkinsjT. Hassall, Alban Gee, T. M. Shepherd, H. Taylor, F. 8. Eyan, Edmund Mason, (J. T. Hunt, W. Hart, junior, 8. Walker, J. Peck, T. W. Pollock (treasurer), and S. Schwartikoff (secretary). Tbe GHAIUIUN referred to tbe origin and usefulness of hospitals, and said that on searching some old records he bad discovered that the first hospital in the southern hemisphere had been erected at Panamatta, on tbe banks of the river, in 1792, and from what be orold glean he thought it waB near the . site of the present institution. Their hospital had been the means of relieving the sick and suffering poor—not only of Parramatta and the district but of many other parts of tbe colony—and he trusted that it would long continue its noble work. The two chief events of the {>ast year had been tbe retirement of Mjss Andenkn, through ill-health, from tbe position of superintendent, and tbe re- arrangement of the management of the institution. A section of the people, who had been deeply impressed with the noble way in which ffifias Anderson had done her duty to the suffering ones committed to her care, had presented her with a purse of sovereigns aud a testimonial, as a small recognition of their appreciation of that lady's self-sacrificing labours. With regard to the re- arrangements; a sub-committee had been appointed, and, with the medical officers, had carefully investigated the then system of management, and had brought up a report which was adopted, though not unanimously, by tbe committee on the understanding thut the new system would be in vogua only till the annual meeting, when it would be confirmed or otherwise. The Medical Officers had then stated that the new system would enable tbe institution to be more economically managed, and with greater benefits to the patients, and those two predictions had beeu more than realised. He regretted that tbe pentenary Celebrations had not included the erection of a Cottage Hospital or an Huspital Sunday. After further referring to the changes which be considered were for the better, and the increased number of admittances and the smaller per centage of deaths, be expressed the hope that those who were elected to office would lend their best efforts to make the hospital the noblest institution tbey could have in their midst—if possible, a more complete success than heretofore. He tben called upon Mr. Scbwartskoff to read the following ANNUAL BBFOBT, 1887. 1\. Tour Committee beg to lay before you their Keport for the past year. 2\. The number of patients treated in the institution during the past year h«a been 224, a decrease of 44 as compared with the previous year. Whilst there were times when the hospital was comparatively empty, there were others when the accommodation was scarcely sufficient, and this has been especially tbe case during the last two months of the year. 3\. In contra-dietinction to the fact recorded in the last annual report, your Committee are glad to be able to report that tbe death-rate during 1887 was exceptionally low. Only 17 deaths are recorded, or about 7 per cent, of the esses treated. 4\. The number of police admissions during the past year baa been 22. 6\. Nine patients were admitted from tbe Prospect Camp, and the amount paid for them is £26 17s., leaving the sum of £22 Is. due. Tke total amount received from paying pa tients is £68 Us. 6\. The Treasurer's statement shows a bal ance of £338 13s 2d to tbe credit of the institution; of this sum £300 is standing at deposit in the Commercial Bank. ,'lhe amotfht received \hy the treasurer is below that hi the previous year ; but it must be borne in mind that a v>try considerable portion of the sum received in 1886 came from sources altogether outside of the regular income enjoyed by the hospital. 7\. Tour Committee thankfully state that the means first adopted by tbe Friendly Societies in 1886 of adding to tbe inoome of the hospital were again resorted to in 1887. The result, however, had not quite reached that of the previous year, £16 12s only being received in 1687, as against £25 8b in 1886, 8\. The total expenditure for the past year has been £1268. This amount is somewhat less than the expenditure for the previous year; bnt it compares unfavourably with it in regard to the number of patients treated. A diminution in the rate of expenditure bas of late taken place, sod most rigid economy is being practised. 9\. In tbe early part of the year an organising secretary was appointed for a period of somewhat less than three months. His efforts were only partially successful, so far as regarded immediate results; but a large amount of additional interest was aroused in outlying districts which will, it is hoped, result beneficially in the future. 10\. Tour committee, after anxious delibera' tion, came by a considerable majority to a conclusion—about three months age—to make a radical change in the management. The office of Superintendent was abolished, and a paid Secretary appointed instead, while the internal management of the hospital was entrusted to a Nursing Matron. Beyond saying thai there ore evidences of the change having worked well and economically, your committee prefer to ask you to judge of the policy pursued by them from tbe report of the medical officers. 11\. Before the departure of the late superintendent, Miss Anderson,_a substantial mark of appreciation of her services was tendered to her by the committee and the public of Pana 12\. Tbe following bequests have been received during tbe past year, and are thankfully acknowledged:—£50 from the late Mrs. Spear, and a sum of £100 from the amount bequeathed by the late Mr. Thos. Walker, of Concord, for charitable purposes. Only the interest of the latter sum, however, is available for our expenditure. 13\. Donations of varied character have beed received during the past year. Tour Committee desire to tender sincere thanks to the donors; and they further desire to acknowledge the spontaneous and valuable services of the ladies, who, by their constant visits to the Hospital and unwearying gentleness and kindness to the patients, have done so much to ameliorate their unfortunate position. 14\. Tour Committee again desire to tender their warmest acknowledgments to the honorary medical officers, Drs. Phillips and Bowman. The services rendered by these gentlemen to the institution eannot be over- estimated. Day and night they bave, as heretofore, attended to the needs of the sick and suffering, and have done so ungrudgingly, zealously, and with the most beneficial results. 16\. The Hospital of course sustained a great loss in the retirement of the late Superintendent, Hiss Anderson; but your Committee are thoroughly of opinion that tbe Institution has not eoffered in efficiency in consequence. The medical officers are in the best position to speak on this subject; but, in your Committee's judgment, nothing can exceed the earn, assiduity, and skill manifested by tbe matron and nursing staff in their treatment of the patients. 16\. Whatever decision may be arrived at as to the change in the arrangement of the Institution, the first duty devolving upon your Committee's successes will be to enter on a thorough revision of the rules, which are certainly unworkable as they stand at present. Tour Committee, in conclusion, urgently appeal for more general support and sympathy for the Institution. Whatever minor differences of opinion may have existed, or may now exist, as to its management in detail, no one can deny that there is great and good work being done at the Parramatta District Hospital, and on this broad ground the Committees detire to enlist the aid of the people of Parramatta and sur. rounding districts. Tbe Treasurer's statement showed a balance from last year of £472 15s. 6d; receipts from various eourcesdaring tbe year, £122413s. 3d.; making a total of £1697 8s. Sd. The expenditure during tbe same period amounted to £I26B 16s. 6<L (or £34 2s. 3d. in excess of the inoome), leaving a balance of £438 13B. 2d., of which amount £400 is at fixed deposit in the Commercial Bank. On the motion of Dr. BROWN seconded by Mr. F. 8. BYAV tbe report and statements were unanimously adopted. ALTERATION" OF BULB. Mr. Aixix On moved,—"That the word " two " be substituted for tbe word " one " in rule 6,*' providing for the election of a Vice- President of the Institution.—Seconded by Dr. PHILLIPS and carried. ELECTION OP OFKCSSS. The following officers were then elected for the enduing twelve months:—President, tbe Ven. Archdeacon Giinther; vice- presidents, Dr. Brown and Mr. G. T. Hunt; secretary, Mr. H. Schwartzkoff; Committee, Messrs. H. Taylor, Alban Gee, T. M. Shepherd, W. G. Bladon, W. W. Bodenham, A C. Willis, F. 8. Eyan, C. B. Cairnes, F. Beames, W. Hart, junr., F. 1*. Watkins and S. Walker. TUB HEW MANAGEMENT. Dr. PHILLIPS moved,—"Thut the present system of management be continued as far as relates to the secretary and matron, and that the incoming committee be recommended to have the cottage prepared for the nursing stuff as soon as convenient." He said that some two or three months avo be had, after consultation with hie medical confreres, proposed to the committee that they should adopt a plan, wbicb he submitted, that would bem-fit both the institution andthe patients. Hehad suggested that tbeoffice of superintendent should be abolished, and that a secretary and nursing matron shonld be appointed, such appointment to be only till the annual meeting. The scheme had been only partially adopted; but, after having watched the hospital management carefully during the past three months, he could say that it was a most decided improvement on tbe old system, as tbe nuisiog staff had never benn as good as it was at the present time, simply because tbe matron bad nothing to do but attend to her patients, instead of having a large portion of her valuable time devoted to carrying out tbe dutieB of a clerk. He regretted that the Committee had not fallen in with the view that the matron should bave tbe complete control oi the nursing staff, with power to dismiss or engage nurseB as she deemed neceBBary ; and also that tbe recommendation that the nursing staff should be accommodated in tbe "cottage" bad not been curried out, as it was obvious that if the nurses were to perform their duties in an efficient manoei Ihey should have a pure and healthy atmosphere when they sought rest from their labours. He considered that the small expense entailed in making the " cottage'* habitable would be cheerfully contributed by the public; he was willing to give his share. He was convinced that tbe present system was the most beneficial to tbe putients, as the nurses could give their undivided attention to the patients. Looking upon the matter in a pecuniary light, tbey would benefit by it, for, it tbe nurses wore removed to the cottage, they would b&vo; at their disposal eight small rooms which could be made avail able for paying patients. Dr. BBOWN, on behalf of Dr. Bowman, seconded the resolution. Mr. H. TAVLOB pointed out that the lowest estimate tbey bad bad for making the " cottage" habitable was £200; and he asked them to remember that they were actually powerless to do anything with reference to the Cottage Hospitals until Mr. Wentworth, one of the trustees, had returned from England, or until such time BB they had called a public meeting and asked Parliament to remove Mr. Wentworth and appoint some local gentiemsil. The CHAIHMAN said the reason the proposed alterations, recommended by tbe Medical Officers, were not carried out was simply because tbey had no money in hand for such a purpose. Mr. WATKINS eaid that though be bad been one of the minority which opposed the change of management, he agreed with the doctors that the matron should have entire contrelof tbe nursing staff, with power to dismiss or engage as she.thought necessary; and also that tbe nursing staff should be removed from their present quarters, for their own health's sake, and their efficiency in carrying oat their duties; but he was strongly opposed to the change of management. When Miss Anderson v^as in good health their system was working remarkably well; and, therefore, be could see no necessity for a change. Tbey had been told that the present system was more economical-; but no proof of such an assertion had been given, and certainly the report did not show it. Mr. HTOT thought tbey were going in the direction of unnecessarily increasing their expenses, and also of placing two heads, instead of one, to the establishment. As for tbe nurses; he did not think they should knuckle down to any of them. If they did notiisuit, dismiss them, and then advertise for other®; tbey would have plenty applicants. He firmly believed that this double management would be detrimental to the interests of tbe institution, and would effect the public subscriptions; therefore, he raised his voice against it. He asked what position the Secretary would occupy in relation to the Oommitteef Mr. GEK said he had been vainly trying to learn what Mr. Hunt had be»n driving at. It seemed to him that Mr. Hunt had conjured up a ghost, and frightened himself with it. Ha spoke of extra expenditure in the face of the assertion made by Dr. Phillips, that the expenses were much less under the new system. Then, again, tbe duties of the Secretary had been clearly defined, and these duties had been carried out for tbe last three months, and the system worked most harmoniously, and to the great benefit of the hospital and the patients. Mr. SCHWAHTZIOPP explained that since he had been the paid secretary he had attended all meetings of the Oommittee, but had taken no part in the debates unless requested to do so. The CHAIHMAN eaid be was, until that moment, unaware that in his opening remarks he had been simply quoting the opinion of Dr. Phillips, expressed in the MBBGDHT. He had always been particularly careful never to have lent his countenance to anything without having first thoroughly investigated it, and he had made eveiy enquiry in tbe case under discussion. They would remember that the late Superintendent was receiving £75 per annum and board and lodging; the presentSecretary received only the £76, thus saving fully £30. They used to pay £52 for washing ; now it was done for £30 a year leeB. Then there was a considerable saving in tbe night nursing staff, amounting to something like £27 a year; and other changes under the present system had reduced tbe working expenses by fully £100. Mr. Hunt was in error in thinking there would be two headstotbeinstitutiou. There would be two heads, but they were of different departments, and, instead of clashing, they would materially assist each other, and their duties, which were strictly defined, had been drawn up with that express object in view. In answer to the chairman, Dr. PHILLTPB said their present system was in force at Sydney, Newcastle, and Maitland. The resolution was then put and carried unanimously. TOI«S OF THANKS. The CHAIRMAN proposeda vote .to tbe medical officers for their valuable services during the past, and hoped they would continue their connection with tbe institution daring 'the coming year.—Mr. RTAN seconded the'resolution, which K-as carried. ; Dr. PHILLIPS returned rtmntr^ and expressed a hope that for many years he would be able to devote bis best energies to the institution. He desired to express bis thanks to the consulting staff for the valuable advice they had always given, and he hoped soon to be able to nominate on the consulting staff a gentleman, a son of Dr. Brown, their worthy vice-president, and he was sure that the son would creditably fill the position so long and honourably occupied by lus worthy father. The CHAIRMAH said it gave him great pleasure to bear theannoun cement just made. They should all be proud to eocoutage native talent, to seek the highest walks of the profession, and it was to them all a matter of deep pleasure to beat that a native of tbe town and a King's School boy had qualified himself to fill the noble position of a medical man. Dr. BBOWN returned thanks for himself for the honour tbey had conferred noon him by electing him Vice-President; and on behalf of his son, who he hoped would be an honour to the noble profession he bad chosen. The proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the Mayor for the use of the Council Chambers, and to the Venerable Archdeacon for presiding. 