Enslavement of Labour. Pom k allowance for severity of irritation and onesidedness of view must tilwuys bo nstule ii: estimating tho valuo of senti ments ex])rcssi'il in the fierceness of acute political or social conflict. ]iut tho same discount cannot lie claimed for statements deliberately made by responsible, persons in explanation or defence of a line of action entered on with forethought and purpose. The wannest sympathiser with the self-defensive, action of tho miners at Newcastle will not regard the explana tory statement issued b\\- the secretary of the union as exaggerated or misleading. Mv. Curlev said what he meant to saw what he had heen cogitating for months, what he had resolved to say when ths opportune moment came. The gigantic issues of the strike; the paralysis of trade ; the temporary deprivation of customary comforts by thousands of families ; resentful horror at tho un expected iirmness of the masters, did not irritate him into rash statements. So -we may accept his published senti ments as the reliable convictions of the great mass of people who look to him as their leader. His view of the present conflict is that it is a compulsory protest against a menace to degrade, ruin, and enslave labour. Xo great harm has yet been done; a 'menace' only has been made by employers. jN~o actual tyranny or despotism has goaded the workers into a hostile attitude. The utmost that can bo said in defence of tho attitude of hostility is : ' Labour has been menaced and its degradation attempted in a manner which they (the miners) have partially experienced.' There is no assertion that such actual injustice has beui done as imperatively calls for the mobilisation of all the reserve forces of labour for tho object of inflicting summary and terrible ven geance on convicted tyrants. There is no direct charge of injustice or exaction, or degradation. The whole strike, with all its exasperating contentions, all its paralysing ramilications, all its disastrous relations and results, is the expression ot annoyance at a 'menace,' and an 'at- tempt' to ' degrade labour.' 'Whatever tyranny or oppression may have been apprehended the 'experience' has been but 'partial.' In Urisbane last week men approved of this strike and pledged themselves to support the strikers although they confessed they did not understand the merits of the case. It ?was enough that it was a. labour dispute and the workers must be right. We are not discussing the merits of the caseeithor; that is, the series of minor differences that have arisen between the requirements of the employers and the alleged rights of the employes. 'We are considering the most prominent of the alleged causes for this revolt against the masters. These are 'the more equitable distribution of profits,' and the threatened ' degrada tion, ruin, and enslavement of labour.' if workers wish to control the balance sheets of productive industries the way is quite open to them. 2\'ot a single barrier obstructs their enterprise. The resources of Australia have no prefe rences for agencies by whom they may be developed. The entire country is open to co-operative industry. If workmen will economise for a few years and put their savings together they may form any sort of industrial company that will suit their taste or interest. If it be deroga tory to labour to adapt itself to tlie in terests and conditions of the capital by which it is employed ; if it be intoler able that capitalists should insist on con ditions for the uso of their money that are not entirely self-sacrificing and philan thropic on their part ; if the protection of the interests of capital bo a menace to the dignity of labour, and an attempt to degrade it ; if such protection threaten to enslave and ruin labour, it is quite time thnt labour should resort to tho true remedy. It will not help itself by ab stention from work ; it will not dignify itself in one section by living on labour in other sections; it will not rectify imaginary injustice by vengeful retalia tion for menaces and probabilities. But it may rid itself of all apprehension of 'degradation and enslavement' — we will not say ' ruin ' — if it will dispense with capitalists and assume sovereignty in its own realm. There is nothing in law or reason to prevent wage-earners from using their own brains and money and hands solely for tlieir own benefit. They may sink a shaft and work a colliery ; they may Btart a boot factory and carry it on ; they may originate a foundry or a fitting shop, or carriage works ; they may run a newspaper or a printing office. Tho whole field lies open before them. The only hindrances probably aro the lack of money and the apprehension of loss. Very few businesses pay at the start. . But labour does not sharo tho risks of failure. Labour' has not tho disappointment of 'no returns.' Take, for illustration, the Metropolitan Tramway Company and tbo Ipswich Woollen Company. Tlie Tramway Company finds employment for a large number of hands ; it has done so for years ; it has sustained numerous families and a little army of single men. 'Wages have been paid ; there has been no ' menace' of 'ruin ;' no ' degrada tion.' There cannot bo ' enslavement ' so long an employes are free to come nnd go. Slavery means forced labour. In Australia tho word is ti satire. In no other part of tho world is labour lighter, freer, or better paid. But whilst the employes of tho Tramway Company have been paid their wages, shareholders have not drawn a penny in dividends. It is not unlikely that were a dividend forthcoming there would bo a demand by the employes for ' a more equitubls distribution of profits.' A divi dend is what the shareholders will be glad to see ; but they have not regarded the demands heretofore made for equitable conditions of work as a menace to the dignity of capital or a threat to ruin and enslave it. A similar condition of rela tions has prevailed in tho Ipswich Woollen Factory. For about ten years the share holders carried this business on without remuneration for the use of their money; but the workers got their wages. How long does it take to sink n shaft and open Tip a coal mine at Newcastle ? One ot tho mines now vacated by the strikers absorbed £30,000 before there was the ghost of a chance for dividends ; aye?, before it was known that tne mine could be successfully worked. A large portion of that money went into the pockets of men who had no share of tlie risk, lien wlio claim a share of the net profits of capital should bear the risks of capital to the extent of their de mand or actual participation. Hut in 3fr. Curley's ethics the rights of capital arc a menace to the dignity of labour. Any attempt to conserve tho interests of capital threatens 'the ruin and enslave ment of labour.' 'What a burlesque of facts this is ! 'When men aro free to come and go as they please ; when thsy are free to combine for self-protection ; when they can combine and dictate terms to employers, or paralyse capital and disturb tlie entire commerce of u country, where does enslavement of labour come in ? Is not the enslavement on the other side ? 