BILLY BATES' BENEFIT. THE M.F.C. being unable to get together a sufficiently strong team (owing to the Easter holidays) to meet the redoubtable Carltonians, Port Melbourne have valiantly opposed themselves to the Dark Blues. The gross proceeds will be devoted for Bates' benefit, and it will pass without saying that by three o'clock on Saturday afternoon (at which time the game is announced to start) the Melbourne Cricket Ground's capacity will be well tested. Port Melbourne are credited with having got together a very strong team, and from the following names selected by the match committee on Tuesday evening it will be seen that last year's premiers have received some very valuable additions to their ranks. Foremost amongst these will be recognised Billy Goer, an ex- captain of Carlton, who for some years has been located in Sydney, where he captained the Sydney Foot- ball Club. It is some sixteen or seventeen years since first I saw William playing the manly game—if I mistake not—for that nursery of Carlton, the Carlton Imperial. Goer has lasted wonderfully at the game, and according to my friend Charley Beal (no mean judge, I can assure you) is as good a man as ever he was in his life. The full selection is as follows:—Batters, Berry, Carroll, Coles, Coulson, Cook, Crapp, Gellatly, Goer, Green, Hutchin- son, Jones, Leydin, Moloney, Munro, McKechnie, McInerney, Newton, Robertson, Smith, Strickland, Whelan, White, Woods, Worrall. DESPITE the very disparaging statements pub- lished in an agricultural contemporary (evidently suborned in favour of a rival racing gathering out Moonee Ponds way), the Hurlingham racecourse at Brighton Park, under the generalship of Mr. W. C. Cullen, has continued to amass interest meeting by meeting, and this without the slightest attempt being made to levy black mail like unto that which met with such signal failure recently at Moonee Valley. Fully aware that when he is doing a good thing he would be "a hass" to try and extort more, Mr. Cullen has gained the good opinion of the Ring men, the consequence being that at any of his numerous reunions backers can be accommodated to any amount. Given a pony good enough to win a handicap at Hurlingham, and his party can win from £500 to £1000 "as easy as rolling off a log." So that the influence the agricultural weekly aforesaid bears on the sporting world must be of a very treacle- legged and weak-kneed description. As a journalist of many years' standing (and lying) I must admit that the mighty organ, the Victorian Press, has sadly degenerated —especially the sporting section thereof—since the days of "The Ragpicker," "Nimrod's Ghost," "Voltigeur," "Orange Blossom," "Peeping Tom," "Orange and Blue," etc. ; and, as a natural sequence, its nousiest fulmi- nations are simply laughed at and ignored alike by the individual selected to try the "stand-and-deliver" process on and the public. Whenever such tirades appear, if one could only analyse the wire- pulling of the transaction he would read between the lines as follows :— "The moral of which story is that Melbourne is a pushing and thriving town ; that our printing office in Collins- street should be seen by all sporting men in the place ; and that advertisements will be received there daily. AND do you know what struck me off at that tangent? S'helpmebob I started off with the intention of informing you that—doubtless considering the better the day the better the deed—friend Cullen will hold another meeting at Hurlingham to- morrow (Good Friday) afternoon, and as there are no less than seven items (three pony races, two hurdles and two legitimates) on the card, splendid entries for each and all of which have been obtained, the best thing to do—after going to Mass, of course—is to shout, "Hey for North Brighton !" BY golly, but I have had a high old time of it since my last ! What price Stewed Mushrooms and Parrot Pie ? Oh, carry me out and bury me ! What's up ? And what am I alluding to, eh ? Come here till I bite your ear. Where are you going at Easter-time ? You haven't made up your mind yet ? Well, then, take my advice and go up the Gippsland line as far as Yarragon ; go into Fred. Baker's store with a copy of PUNCH sticking out of your pocket ; ask for Jack Cole ; get an introduction to Fred. McComsky, and see if you don't return to graft after the opera is over five hundred per cent, a better man, every way. You just try it for a change. Never mind sticking down town, knocking about billiard- rooms or backing stiff 'uns at Moonee Valley. Go and pay your eight and ninepence like a man for your return ticket (available for a month from date of issue), cart your double-barrel and your fishing rod with you, tumble up against "the right sort" I have spoken about at Yarragon, and honestly aver on your return that the trip takes the cake. I have been there, dear boys. Last Sun- day morning I strolled into Fred Baker's ranche, and after interviewing Meander and Mabel Grey, "What do you say if we take the trap and go out shooting and mushrooming this afternoon ?" inquired the once- famous South Melbourne drop-kick. "Right you are, old pal,' was my response. "Well, then, an early dinner, and off we are," he replied ; and, sure enough, before two o'clock we were "over the hills and far away." Let me premise—it was "over the hills" with a vengeance. Fred is sixteen stone four, yours truly turns the beam eight pounds heavier (as Harry Hedley is prepared to make an affidavit about) ; so that in the front part of the shebang (luckily a four- wheeler) there was any amount of shifting ballast. And didn't Fred just cause it to shift it a bit ? Why, spare my days, one minute we were circling a hill (as they called it, I took it for a fairish-sized mountain myself), with the Sporting Editor of PUNCH'S adipose tissue suspended in the air at an angle of 15 degrees, and the next minute the axles on the near side would be up to the hub in a slough of despond and the off ones sliding airily over a log which in its time must have rivalled the cedars of Leba- non. But, thanks more to the stanchness of Fred's horse than to his driver's desire to take the best road, we pulled through all right, and eventually landed at Mr. H. Atkin's selection, some three miles out of the township of Warragul. And what a selection ! Much as I had heard about the excellent soil in the Gippsland district I never pictured anything like it. Coming along one of our number picked up something over sixteen pounds of purple-eyed potatoes off two roots. But young Harry devotes his attention more to pig and poultry rearing than to agriculture, and when he informed me that one sow's litters alone for the year represented close upon £40 and there were no less than 105 porkers scattering round—I came to the conclusion that whenever he chooses to combine both pursuits he must quickly become disgustingly rich. After a refreshing draught of real cow juice, and a shough of the pipe, our party (there were now six of us) divides into triplets-three express- ing determination to have a smack at the parrots. whilst the others placed themselves under the guidance of Mr. Atkin, senr., who stated that he knew where we might find a mushroom or two—"down in Grevil's paddock." And he was right. We found them—in quantities ; and yet, according to Mr. Atkin, it was rather early in the season. In the name of Agricola what must the place be like in mushroom season proper ! After gathering as many as we could conveniently pack into our baskets we were considerate enough to go up to the house to inquire whether Mr. Grevil had any objection to our picking a few—having previously, however, taken the precaution to cache our spoil amongst some fallen timber. The proprietor didn't come in until a few moments after our arrival, and we hadn't time to preface our request before it was granted. "Take as many as you can carry away," was his cheery reply ; the old woman and the children seem to be too lazy to pick them this season, though usually we send them down to market." A hardy native of Switzerland is this same Harry Grevil. Looking at him and old Atkin, one ponders on the stupendous difficulties the early settlers in Gippsland had to overcome. The place we are sitting in is the same wattle-and-daub edifice Mr. Atkin erected thirteen years ago. "It was a wild place then, remarked the pioneer. " You couldn't get a horse through owing to the scrub and fallen timber, and so two of us had to walk, once a fortnight, fifteen miles there and the same distance back again to a place where we used to obtain our supplies." Fancy that ! Having to walk fifteen miles, and to hump a fortnight's supplies through country where a horse could not penetrate ! That was only thirteen years ago, and although the iron horse has done wonders for the district since then, the selector's life is still one long fight against Nature's rankness. Still, when she has finally been conquered, and the soil won to its proper use, "riches beyond the dreams of avarice will certainly be the ultimate reward ; and therefore, knowing such to be the case, the youthful Atkinses, Grevils, Bakers, Coles, McComskys and the rest will continue to put their hands to the plough and press forward with the shout of "la triomphe !" I WAS just in that strain of thought when Mr. Grevil broke in with a remark, that although he had no gooseberry wine but what was fermenting (for which he expressed himself as being extremely sorry—(so was I, because I had been given a pi'gs whisper of the virtue thereof on my road to the house), he could wet our lips for us with honey mead. It's wonderful how, when you can't get Pomeroy you wrestle McCracken ; and one and all of us exclaimed that honey mead was quite good enough for us. Did you ever taste honey mead ? No ? Oh, it's splendid stuff. You wouldn't think it was likely to put you humptydoo when you dug your beak into the first glass ; but, take my tip for it, if you chucked a couple more over your chest you'd begin to talk about your relations ; that you would. Well, we came through that ordeal all right ; and, having expatiated to our heart's content on the artificial and natural beauties of the locality, we filled our chapeaux and handkerchiefs with more mushrooms, and wended our way back to Atkin's. Here we found that McComsky and his brother knights of the trigger had kept up their reputations by bagging some half-hundred shell parrots, and as the shadows of night were a-coming down swift, and Fred. Baker expressed some doubts as to the perfect safety of the lynchpins, we turned our faces westward ho ! The return journey was the same as the outward— only worse ; but whether it was the mushrooms, or the honey mead, or the free-and-easy manner of our enter- tainers, or all these things combined, I cannot say ; but this I know—the most artfully designed and carefully executed plans of Fred. to disturb our equilibrium only resulted in a few slight grunts. HOW'S Fred. Baker ? Oh, he is as happy as Larry. You know he has 320 acres up there, too ; and not the worst land in Gippsland, neither, Rather t'other way. Fred's in rare cricketing buckle at present, and he gave me to understand that he is coming down to town for a spell, and in all probability will throw in his lot with East Melbourne. He has been an Intercolonial man in his day has Fred., and no doubt would materially strengthen the East. Of course his feet wouldn't be on his native heather there, albeit his presence would be very much on the native Heather of the South. That's not such a bad one, is it—when you come to consider the trying ordeal I have just passed through ? Well, that's me ; and if you want a bit of fun this Easter, "Go, then, and do likewise." IF you want to pay the ex's of the trip, back the favourite, CARLYON, to win the Sydney Cup. THE good ship Oceanien—and a right good ship she is, too ; albeit the hangdog look of some of her Lascar crew could give anything in Pentridge more points than Jack Sutherland gives Stooke and a beating—I say the good ship Oceanien bore away from our shores last Wed- nesday the Sixth Australian Eleven—bar Jarvis, Lyons and Bonnor. There wasn't a multitude to see them off ; but what was wanting in quantity was fully compensated for by the quality of the gathering, for one had only to look round to perceive that Ben Wardill, Harry Rudd, George Palmer, Dave Scott, Harry Hedley, Tommy Horan, Frank Walters, Jack Sutherland, Fred. Shea, Jack McIlwraith, and others of the backbone and spinal marrow of the noble game, were at their posts, proving to demonstration that the cloud which has for some time dimmed the lustre of cricket in Victoria is believed, in very truth, to be but a passing one, and that ere long the summer pastime will vie for supremacy with its winter compeer. From Manager Beal to the smallest vertebræ —I was going to say in the tail, but let us hope there is no tail—the team seemed in splendid spirits, and although a shade as of care passed over swarthy Jack Black- face as he impressed the parting brotherly kiss on the cheek of Mrs. George Palmer (see Lucinda Blackham) all traces thereof had passed away when, amongst his comrades on the poop, he answered the ringing cheers called forth by the Almanac for the voyageuers, imitating the actions of a fisherman when experiencing a good bite. "The only one who has been a member of the six teams," I remarked to Blackham pere as the vessel steamed slowly away from the pier ; the observation calling forth from the old man—and with pride he said it—"Ah, yes! And Jack looks as well as ever." Boyley gave us the usual "tiger," but the hero of the hour was most decidedly Jack Worrall. The comps. on the Age (Jack snatches them out of their boxes in that office) had presented him about midday with a purse of sovereigns, and his more intimate friends in the profession had come down to Sandridge to see him off. So had a host of the Fitzroy Football Club ; the consequence being that Jack's right fin must have been nearly dislocated ere the last grip had been taken. "Forward, Fitzroy !" and "On the ball, Johnny !" were the parting salutations awarded him ; and on the back track the wish was fervently and generally expressed that his performances might exceed our most sanguine expectations. Aye, that they may ! IT will be within the recollection of my readers that at the last annual dinner of the Guncrack Club, Lord Durham, in the course of a speech, made some damaging statements with regard to the manner in which certain horses in whom Sir George Chetwynd had an interest, had been manipulated. The exposé caused immense excitement in Turfy circles throughout England, and the Jockey Club expressed themselves very strongly that it was essentially necessary for the Baronet to bring a civil action against his accuser in order to clear his character. This, Sir George at first declined to do, under the plea that his solicitor advised him under the circumstances an action could not be sustained for viva voce statements. To overcome this objection, Lord Durham reiterated his charges through the public press ; and commenting thereon, the Pall Mall Gazette delivers itself thusly:—"Whether Sir George Chetwynd will bring an action or not depends upon many considera- tions, but mainly upon this—whether he prefers to risk the consequeuces of a public legal inquiry or to be turned out of the club. The member who said that if Sir George did not take action the club's resolution would be futile and useless was mistaken. That might be the case if the club could not take another resolution. But it is obvious that if Sir George does not take action the club will pass another resolution, and this time one of expulsion. As Lord Hastings told Sir George, it will not do for him to shelter himself behind his solicitor. He must bring an action, and leave the court to decide whether it is tenable or not. If he does not bring an action, he will most certainly be expelled. Sir Henry Hawkins is quite clear as to the fact that a libel has been published by Lord Durham, and that the action recommended by the club would not be barred by any nonsense about collusion. The Attorney-General is equally clear. When Sir George Chetwynd pleads that 'there must be some specified charge,' he forgets that Lord Durham has distinctly in writing accused Sir George of having connived at serious malpractices which are contrary to the rules of racing.' That is specific enough for an action ; and if an action is not brought, the public will draw the only possible inference." IF there has been but scant interest taken in Australia concerning the doings of Shaw and Lillywhite's team of cricketers, it is evident from a sentence in the accompanying extract that their tour in the colonies has been thoroughly traced, and with keen desire, by the sporting scribes in the mother country. Under date of the 9th ult., the Echoist remarks:—"The Crisis is still upon us, despite Prince Bismarck's manly and masterly speech in the German Reichstag. The Crisis, indeed, appears to have brought its portmanteau and Sunday clothes along, and is seemingly proposing to make a nice long stay—unless somebody gives it a straight hint that we don't want any Crisis ; and even then—such is the malignant resemblance of Crisises to mothers-in-law—I don't know that the Crisis would depart even under those circumstances. What you want when a Crisis calls around, and looks like occupying the spare bedroom till she's blown out of it with bombshells, is some all-round firmness like Prince Bismarck's. If Lord Salisbury, and the swagger statesmen of France, Austria, Italy and Turkey would each toe the mark in the same manly way as Prince Bismarck, and would each swear, s'welp 'em never, that they didn't want any Crisises and that they would Thomashawk any bully sportsman who brought a Crisis on to the premises—if all the noble statesmen, I say, had the pluck and honesty to speak out their minds as Bismarck did, the Crisis would have to slink away with his tail between his legs—like a loathsome yellow mixed-breed dog that's got a pailful of hot water on his ear. It is time for this Crisis to depart. We have had enough of her. Indeed, we never asked her to come, and when we want a Crisis we can always build one for ourselves with the aid of our bosoms' partners and the latchkey— moresoever, besides, and in addition to which, we have a regular fixed permanent Crisis living next door to us in Ireland. When we're lonely, and short of a Crisis, we can always stir up our own Irish Crisister and get as much divertissement as we want out of her. It may be gathered from these few remarks that I am opposed to the European Crisis. Such are my sentiments. I say, let her Cri ! She is no relation of ours. The fact that Shaw's team has whalloped an All-Australia Eleven is worth any fifteen of her. But, at the same time, whilst carefully abstaining from making any amorous or flirtative overtures unto the Crisis, let Lord Salisbury carefully waft over, her in a severe tone of waft, and give her to understand that Britannia is still lingering on the map, and that, in spite of rumours to the contrary she is still the same healthy, wholesome, vigorous female whose fist fluttered serviceably in the breeze at Sebas- topol and the adjacent districts." I GOT fearfully mixed up one morning last week whilst perusing at the breakfast table a telegraphic message from Sydney to the effect that the Queen had refused her sanction to the New South Wales Divorce Bill. Once upon a time—before the late Benjamin Cham- pion went into the Queen's Arms (what price OLYMPUS' age ?) when I was a Reader's Assistant at the printing establishment of William Goodhugh and Co., I knew a little about untying the nuptial knot, because we were at that period publishing what I believe has become a test- book—"McKean on Divorce." Yes, the identical same flute—Long McKean. But since then I have not devoted any study to the subject, and consequently (as I before stated) I got fearfully mixed up as to what the Queen's sanction business really meant. Seems to me that any Bill facilitating divorce should be passed instanter ; the ground I take being that as we resemble the United States of America in various other things, we should resemble them—or at least one of them—too, in that. Which homily has been occasioned through my perusing an "Echo" in the Sporting Chronicle (Manches- ter) of the 10th ult. to the following effect:—"They are a go-ahead people in Kentucky, a state which is alleged to produce the finest physical specimens of humanity in the world. What seems to trouble them just now is the irksomeness of the old-fashioned marriage law, and, with a view to amend this to suit everybody, a Bill is being promoted in the Legislature, which provides that— 'Marriage is prohibited and declared void with an idiot, lunatic, paralytic, pauper, vagrant, tramp, drunkard, gambler, rake, felon, feeble-minded person, or any person rendered physically helpless and unfit for the marriage rela- tion by malformation, misfortune, accident, age, disease, or any vicious cause or habit of life, or any person having a violent and ungovernable temper, or any person who is at the time of applying for licence to marry, or who has been within one year ne t, preceding such application, either the keeper of, or an inmate, or visitor to, any house of ill fame, or any person who, having been once married, has been divorced for any of the causes aforesaid.' This is a very handsome all-round loosening of the knot, compared to which the objections of a monkey's wed- ding seem almost stringent. The old theory that reformed rakes make the best husbands don't seem to dovetail in with this suggested enactment with any sort of a tight fit, and the Kentuckians must be a noble race indeed if one half of the community are not ren- dered ineligible for connubiality. The plea is 'the alarming frequency and multiplicity of applicants for divorce.' There won't be much occasion to trouble a divorce court if the Bill passes into law." I AM always on the look- out for something that will prove of benefit to my friends, and, accordingly, when I dropped across the following in the Chronicle, I suddenly remembered that if the item were forwarded to Harry Boyle, at the Tavistock Hotel, London, he could undoubtedly procure a supply of the precious fluid—not alone for his own use, but so that Fred. Shea, Frank Walters, W. H. Cooper and others of The School —who find it a matter of extreme difficulty at present to part the stragglers with a towel—would be in a position to develop a crop alongside which the flowing tresses of Absalom mightn't be even a circumstance. Thus doth the Chronicle man expatiate:—"Another fact, this one guaranteed all wool and fast colour, reaches me from Cornwall, whence an agricultural correspondent writes me as follows:—"Ponce de Leon's Fountain of Youth has been equalled by a find near this place. Mr. D. B. Liesman'—which I make bold incidentally to describe as a most felicitious name—'had a cow who drank of a spring near by, and while her milk became worthless her hair grew luxuriantly. The bad milk was given to the pig and cat, and their hair also grew, to the amazement of Liesman, and so the three animals are now heavily clothed.' It is further reported that a perfect stampede of bald- headed men and women (are there any bald- headed women ?—never saw one in my life) has set in towards Liesman's spring. It seems strange to call a brand of milk that will raise hair on a Cornish pig 'worthless.' I should suggest that the services of a large herd of cows be immediately engaged to drink the water of that spring, and that Mr. Liesman do immediately start a tinned-milk factory on his farm. The possibility of purchasing condensed milk that could be stirred into one's matutinal beverage with the certainty of replac- ing all the hair that the old woman has dragged off over- night would reconcile a man to his morning rum and milk more than anything I know. Not that some of us want much reconciling. But many of us do want some more hairs on to ourselves, and therefore the spring should prove at least a better investment than the average Cornish tin mine." THAT isn't half a bad yarn—is it ? Neither is this:—"Low Moor at Bradford is apparently well named. Not only do its ways seem to be most distinctly Low, but they also bear a certain resemblance to the ways of the late lamented—Othello, Esq., which invest the title of Low Moor with a singular and striking felicity. Take, for instance, the case of Charles Jamison and John Oldham, who appeared in the Bradford West Riding Court the other day as defendant and prosecutor respectively. Othello Oldham and Cassio Jamison had been together on a visit to Bradford, 'and in the course of the evening they separated to go to their respective homes.' Something must have delayed Mr. Oldham. Perhaps he met Jimmy Roberts. Perhaps he met a public-house. Anyhow, this remarkable state of things arose—that whilst Mr. Oldham was going straight to his house, and Mr. Jamison straight to his'n, the latter was in Mr. Oldham's bed when that gentleman reached his house. As an incidental detail, which helps to invest the story with local colour, it may be mentioned that Mr. Oldham is a married man, and that Mrs. Oldham had heard somebody come in, but she thought it was her husband, though he did not speak, and consequently went to sleep again, being awakened about eleven, when her husband entered.' But if Mrs. Oldham had been quiet, Mr. Oldham wasn't, and the result was a profuse fight between the two friends, which ended like that of Smith and Kilrain, in a draw—the neighbours inter- vening. Then Mr. Jamison was charged with assault in the police court, and, notwithstanding his defence that he was drunk and didn't know what he was doing, that episode ended in a draw also—a draw of forty shillings and costs for the court—and I, somehow, don't fancy that Messrs. Jamison and Oldham will have another nice little trip to Bradford together for some time to come." AND what member of the Fourth Estate will scan the subjoined without exclaiming, 'And so say all of us ?":—"It is announced to-day that a Parisian philan- thropist recently left 100,000 francs to the newspaper men of France. And yet there are people who cavil at Sterne for saying that there are somethings they manage better in France than in England ! Why ideas like this of the Parisian philanthropist's are ideas that ought to be imported into this country by the packing-case full ; and what's the good of Free Trade, I'd like to know, if such things can't be imported ? Here am I, poor, miserable drudge, a-slaving away without rest or respite at this everlasting column, and none of my countrymen ever think of throwing any sunshine or legacies across my path. And there's a new baby up to Reverberation Hall, and the man who supplies the groceries and bottles says he can't send any more till his account is settled, and then I am tantalised with pretty little stories about legacies left to French journalists ! Truly it is most tolerable and not to be endured, and if it wasn't for the fact that they haven't got a proper word of their own for whiskey in France, I'd emigrate there at once." A CHINESE paper (the Hu Pao) gives an account of an irate father who nailed his daughter alive in a coffin, in spite of the neighbours' remonstrances, for committing a serious offence. This item shows that civilisation is progressing satisfactorily in China, and that there are some matters in which Chinese ingenuity gets the bulge on the weak-minded expedients of the effete Caucasian. An English father having a disobedient daughter says "D—n," and breaks his meers- chaum pipe by letting it fall out of his mouth as he speaks, and drinks more supper-beer than is good for him, and produces premature baldness by pulling his hair out, and generally aggravates himself in a very unnecessary manner. How much more calm, how much more philosophical, how much more wise is the simple Chinese papa, who rebukes the errant one and at the same time saves himself further cause for worry by the aforesaid neat and effective device ? We have much to learn from the Chinese, sirs—especially in the matter of washing sheets and playing cards. OLYMPUS. 