erav.o a adream ,at twa not el a droe.' B: BrW. Cgs Ruooetr. 'QC RaITI XLV.-- r1 BBIdur OF Tsa e7. ' BABy. eBesaohe eoanted as'though satisfied. but Iomi b hoarse wt.i.pered commente were Uttered by the otoere, which must have Llesged all han into a loog diecuseioo. h.d 'Stems been impolitic enough to overhear them. Soon agoio, however, the subtle sab dulan? inlaenea created by the little sileot ody Unodor the taroaulin wau felt by te men. Their thboughte wrnot to the infant and they epokof hrnim; then Mertin Goldtmith re. membered a creepy and chilly tory of en appeatice who had baeen an orphau nd we p?t to mse by no uncle whom he bad talked of Ma bah h and cruel mo o. Thie lad diet through. fall from the masthead They laid 'him of, and that same night an able emsan 'named Moees Bode.d, oing aft to take the whea :ad pas-ing by where the body lar, maw the SaptriIton of a female with her fineers locked poen hwr forehead, leaning over the body and seuogetieg by her atttlert that she had donrovred who the boy had been, and wte in wild angnish. 'Botlee wie so rightened,' said Goldmitb, 'that he ran 'tha?r into the fok'le, woke p all hands, who -am on deck to see the nprition, buhot the 'jr had diaeopeared Yet there wat not t the Iteet doubt that Boglee had spoken the 'toth' for hib sinoriy was shown by the I affect the eight produed upon hie mind. He had been a drunken swearing fellow before, hot from that night he read the Bible rman lay and became a plone man. Anson, the 'ooie, 'hnd als his little yarn to dolivnsr Archer likewise told of a ghost, and old b Brteeches, nevr to be bea:en when it came to I apinning twlstere, narrated in a grf buhot 'toemulone voice bow hie mother had bee, n visited in the dead of night by an elder 'brother of hie, who came to the street door ~wen the snow was a foot thick with notbi b on but a par ot db ll trousers. ' There w-e a moon?,' said Bil, 'ond she saw hie face platein baeas she'd only received a letter a fortniht a a•ore-he ewa ?n;ho Royal navy, wea Jo'eph a \--sying thst the frigate bhd reached Kilg.. o, Jamaica, and wa like to e kept no b that there station for some monthas, she ws 0 o connfounded. not more by hbi turnin up in that rig then by hit turning up at all, that io e tumbled down in a fitr, the noise of which h slarming a ledger that bad a wooden leg who eptinthe back parlour, he shipped his leg o and ome out, and eeing nothen but mother a a laying in a swtood open the mat, he shtse t the staet door and carries her on to sa an , whet, after biat she rewired. Well, what Ii happenedr a.id old Breeches. turing his te toe,'-dim in the tarlight, round upon the h ma, the glienteing of whose eyea was the w only dieaenible point in their dusky coon- r tenoe 'Some time after she got a letter t fer ' the Admiralty stating that her son• o Jaeph had been dronmdod by failing onv.e al boer at night in Kingston harbour, and it c tamed out that at the ver time he was e nder water the khock came at the door, and t' hesmother eee him a standing in the rnoe.' bi But it wu hard upon eilht belle; S:ooe P had finished his pipe, nd drawing himself up with a look romud t the sea, he said, ' Web, U live in a faotas i world ; but there'. no i se'a groewling,' and wibh that be walked quietly alt. pansing a moment when abreast in of the tarpaulin and looking at it, and then cc moving on afresh with a sign. The menalter ii talking a little broke up. The first watch to had begun; hall the crew went below, the t other., who had to keep the deck, houng bi together walkng in twos and twos, one pair fe in the gangway, another on the forecatle. n Theabhadow of death wa on the little ship, ow ad where the tarpaulin was the darkosa hung deep, and a often an the spot was ih passed the footfll wa softened, the low t votce tonk lower yet into a whisper. It hi ousld be mere imalination, of conts ; yet I that hole thing apeared as thooug acorn tosled by the night; by the steady solemn m bunminr of the star.; by the delicate swell thet undereran the echooner with a melan- it cil? remplration; by the parting waters el ste?ing alog in mounds of weeping; by the pectnra wingp of canvas slowly fanning the tc darkness under the glittering heights; by the ight meaning noises breaking out, from God tt kt?or what patn of the interior of the tb gliding flabrie. b Rven to thee. 0 tiny frament aof bhoman t cla there had come the marvellous gift of h dath; the power of subdoing to the om- d pleuxo of thine inspirations whatever the I, eye"oold behold, whatever the ear could Ia bear a The wind shifted in the night. It blew, o utr without much weiht, from the north. it ward. and the on roes upon the Golden w Hope' clo.e-haun'ed, leaning eslightly, three I points off her coure, Fortencue, who, in a _ccordante with his regnlar cuntom, hal o nrnethe key in Agatha'. door ovosmoghs- lthgreaster solicitude on this occdaion than I' ''had before felt, for he greatly feared the 50 \---g indai?ence of the sorrowful aveots ofkhM day upon h- mind and the domitot c ofaasn not les attive In ileep thee a wgkai-Mr. Forteecgne o quitting hm owe A th?m tl.y unlocked heb door, alt after i' listlaatnitetly for iome moment, kaoebd, Sheanaweted bh opening the door. She wa n?yd Rised bat had not yet bouad her -t it mpI Itw'as like un-touched faonan ba aldown her baoe andoeerhar honldere, t woodrously plentifol and meet daintily rich and radiant ter beauty, ple and hard with rw melancholp-with such melsrcholy ae would poassee a mind that wan without memorn a without-a remmb-res d pas" and the a.ole b eltroepection yield--met the vision of the lover with the noreor he. would have found in in a marble image of his darling. There was a darknee nder he ever gentle eyes, a 00 langour in the droop of the lis hich told of a troubled night. He held her hand n he h ased her how she had slept' if 'Not well,' bhe' answered ; ' missed my little eompaion'-e-he lip quivered. Why~T that wo e to be expected, Agatha.'fl he ld, lIg her by her name. for there lit wadmomegth h n the taoninee grief had ouot into her oae that to his sensitivenes repelled ml the moric damtag teams he was need to a employ" bbhtime that halall will soon be tocustom you to the poor babe's absence' he Bhe looked doi as though shabe diodained it snuch an aseurane an that, and said with ali saoely o~ngt lipe, lkte moe thinking O aloud c: ineosed his death. 'It was intended mt it should be o. Why wa memory taes b fzom'm a if it as not 'meant I ekoud to a Iasalone r Ski tised h?rhand a though be pen bes heoreha.d, bt tochiog he hair sheeemd i'tarld to finad t hangura wild fa a"oit her, and with a faint blush of confusiono at Ihocada ma though on o the door apon no theeegmano •I t o ttty ? Tk~ liatle ene wll' be vio o d tsenb'?o . tO jose wda to he a teks t -ble d with wm osla, l't teuonunno c do d himn , 'ertaily ?I Ir e g hspeef eeentt'e wot hcked bi., ort s k tsaa be be h? Icak to ooiideh wieth-ee w 'haretthe f a au oz witoerd the wi a efrthe litle hammok ni.its plmank, wi -aing lemar thobseethe f s e onanlwtbom r would be atr.mth Sad he €com to the bseahfa table wh the meal an ready, bet he he humour tsrp th We. felt ailent him' - eid.md breakfeow. ! gut throigh e ith: or the aipper d r ecd O lr I tmanner ha wue a blot to she, who had ben m l het togmn y ahal anu a o f a oneolatory he har tar. The trth l fha oreldred that lIefeftital os sea peure Ia *s l lword rw, elma tmetkined t, he km etm by 'NSoeeqemly., ibs a Inn thting nan.thehd htm U. tled beet bhlioedsuJeIir;;~~~7.7·;i~o~regao e.aaaoke l own n other, the drwa?li l t :?d?i have causedher more gtiif. Pity ish I pt ? Lt all this way down here. It wouldn't 8o muc:, matter I' this sorrow had fsll' upou her when we was even within a weeke', r"il ! England, for then there d he all tit in?er.i, of the shore loee at hoee to smother di,, her lamertatlons a bit, aei, maybe, Fale oB atone thinks, to give her b ck her muoenr, n which caee the jloy e'd tin in reco,eatin o f 'ee and beholding once agin .11 rthem ud satidfcttons which she can't now petlir,, t rold make this melacholy Iltle ijb set-r ' small enough, thogh each is the n.artl e entleaess of er heart that I do't mean to suppose she wouldn't always find It affecting Forted cea bad too sweet a nature ever to t how imatieneso at the enid iut.enion ofa others, no matter how diltei sting mihat he the form they took; oat Agatha had tinpired him with thoughts infinirely to) deep for iltearnce to sunch a into at Weeks, and wih fsncled and fears which made him recuil trom the mare idea of talkrig abD nt her. Veeks's ambition to shino as a phl,,sophier and a moralist mant therefore be baulkeJ again, The clargym n, with a hit of corn moaplace on his Lips, which, strive as5 ummot, he could oout force into a smile, went I to his berth, and iram passing the back of I his hand with a long sweep over his moath, I and a slightly crtetsllea look. fitte a m.rle" skin cap to bits head and climbed on de i to relieve old Stone. The mornino paseld quickly. It was now a quarter to eleven. The men were below in the forecastle, cleaning themselves for the ceremony ; the young seama., Joe nHall. woa at the tiller, aod Stone, in his nSuday cloahe, paced the deck with a sober, pious look po I bhi fae. The schooner, heeled to th extent of a strike by the breeze, wa sailineg qIuckly hat without noise, for the sea was smooth, and what email billows the wind sea ruani II were but ietle more than lraces rpples with ro curls of loam loshing out -f ther heads here I and there, too light to.eirek with sounrd I agains. the aeather bowo Thesnn stood high and swung with glory over the oretopmat- I head in uniason with the slow breasing of the ocean, which kept the vessel regularly tI but ver y lightly swayiog. The horizon wnt ani around in ice-like tharpneos of ontLine, for r the moroing air was extraordinarily brilloiant t and transparent, bering the eye to the at nethermost horizon, wbhoe dsitioctnueo mognified the capacious sphere of the lith: blue girdle, thus emphasising the loneliness o t the schooner upon that spciouas field by the immensit of thse curfaes that trembler in glitperiags under the high and gleaming , heavens, There was no bell to strike. ho, at I o'clock the word went along, and the crewly hy aft, collectieg at the gangway, whither one ofe them came-no other than William Breecis. hi -bearing arnder bhs arm a plank with the little body upon it, over which was spread the Eoglish eeigo. One sad of this pclank c e rested on the rail. theother he held. He was bareheaded, and kept bits rugged, westhermseamed face bowed. They had, Pt these plain merchant etlmo, hut little crota rt clothes among them ; thau momoing ti most be gotten ot of poishd aces and hair ht combed mooth, and cleari hirt washed is l salt water, end. some of them, canvas toeauers who,. tarry stains defied the scrub. as bing brash and thlatered scuper. Thy weare atw promptly Joined by Hiram and Stine, the c former, litke his mate, cad in his best suit. r Upon the skipper's tlon, ~ont, yellow face, ht grief, of a mute-like trpe woe nicely lcu- i tsted to sit becomintly ; but had he been act.I ing sorrow all his life, no expresion of is he t could have assumed would come oear to a Lh likeneaa of the manly, pathetio honenty of Te testioyo saw i sn his ey, when, after letin " them rest for a few moment on the little t' herden, he turned them upon the deck at his feet, ltzing eo till he had taurtened his wide tb mouth oat of the twitchings in the exrmtiee he of it. In a few momentas Fortescue came out of 1I the companion with Agatha. The clerrJyman e took his place cloie to the body. oThe menf backed away a little to make roam, pacticu' hr la?l leaving a space for Agatha, facig the b gaolway. Her ice was painfully white; the P( most ignoranttglace would hare traced the e marks of the grief the lois of the child had bh imprened upon her. The hollows in her m eyes were noiceable for the darkness in them, and for the aspect of illness they gave to her. It was difficult to look at her nan 0 not observe the fading that had happened in O twentpyfour hours, without guessing that to there had beean artificility in her island ' bloom, in the harm flushed tropic glow of m beauty that had amazeud Forteoeue to see in hi her, and that had lingered tc?rce uoimpaired i down to the lat week or two, when it began at to dim to her secret fretio. he fixed her eyes on the ensign that covered the plan, and seemed utely insensible to all thdings bat the fancies that came to ber from the outline defined by the thin bunting. The tr tailors looked at her slightly ; their respect was too strong to rufter their iaelsnl to ,? proach a stare, and then aa it waes a 1 moment to subdue them and to sharpen their natural re~ret at the lees of the little one whom they had watched, talked to. and learoed to loveitnte briny pty and arolah sort of grief. Still they could note hlp t peeping ae. her, foe she'stood ear; her colourleisnes and fixed gaze, her still, rapt rt poeeae, invied their regard, It is true that l Archer hadcleared thir inds of the slpar to stitlon h?e had excited is them, but the memory of the fancies they had hail abot her hi reured Thi was t he girl, some of them thought in their own rude tonmoe, who bad cd been beheld by that clerr man uonder, woe se at a distance if thoneesde of mile from her, A kneeling upon the shore of the llad, the di risitn and appealinl to him to come to hetr ; from whom sicknes hd falleu ta gament 'm after memory had been shocked oat of her by to brutality ; whose past had blackened .upon aso her mind and wa as dead to her asthe hi infant upon the plank there, though i Pi s-lepiant he could recollect, and eranding ao under the starlight at the nil of the eboooer lit look acrers the rounded sea to Englnad from e the Idin oeea, od talk with h lor a of if he were the ietead of being at bher side, and appel to him as it there wre no seasly for her but in slumber, though when she it opened her aye in waking she tLmmed them en ike a blind woman upon him i al The ' schoser swayeLd gatly ; at evee mal's foot hise hadow ewnhg, and hI the ulr that fel., whilst Fotstsce opened his bhok re rasitng it to read, youan wald ba h heard othiog bat the iaumaeble whisne. i Inga?l the water, dsliately meethlog and sliding pal, es thnub t eh?'s we sel ite wver the aide answero.g as faint ashes oc or muffle qunstioailgs of the wiade sha hnummed lilb th bauziag of ies bheard af amid the comploested eedagi, and past sloe ho?e rpes of the eady clotha, dr. Forteserh began to read. It was i armiliar efs to him, and ble voles was low stedy, end sad, hut was wth eeltt di otterasm. The moment be sonnensad. Itrech quietly pulled the metes off" th little hammoch, redy for the Sash lanth sinw he gould not imagint when the wrJ ha wenld be given; hawing hat the wepa iendereet acqauianth e, wi'h the bueld see. wire, aad thmefore eee nlg everythin nlcl r es a true esilo shonuld, andee alt circm-a e',ancem It was notIced 'that hehddar rnehedAattia ftem head to foot, that her e fingere cloed ntu the palms a it ube eIit Lb weald cot the flsh the,' rad thea she let a S breath Sir from her tna pasiunatl sigh that was likeafaint cry tothoee whoesod serem p when she hammock w' e"poeed; othe t wise ebs hell herelf ealy with bee eyes rooted upon the little body. ce tlt it wee indeed a sight to melt myhear :fever bad the blue of hneaen looked downw upon a tinier hammckk In it. littlem mi?rly lay the apDeul that etirrd the me n sa shroud. O:d Stone'e eyes were wet. Hiral folded htie arms StIgfly eras hisb hroest ad hau his head, end Arcber, eater short look at the bp oadtlin, trnod his ~ bead sids with his head over the fare, b Mr. Foetescs erestinued leadinrg atly, o u. :with ,thrill running through his voice fee a r moment b heliftedtiee-aL torYm the aook sod directd them at the ptLs, bst old iose was obm ed nto ddely equese a heackle into his eyeSanI regard glttr1, \--hat, hut with ? steadat ai'ehfclnas s f gae that me-I harv me you 'as hit * -Ind was wholl off" tLb fhesel ,ad that he w wats +ln lg p9notng hue rw relo e *u baec whba cfr?ln o Iree a,' Sehn fb ts heuIk awy froffI hee latel stare( a with t asl uesar aapeee es an eengt r ftilt asstIstfn1 iw, ptlu end t woehoig laker hea?, to ee eaet?sr ed o It Seabed enth e well lse ?.trbl . the hedh had caught the b .bble and swepit I lto the nsuss In tsthew ra, adI naheeth f it was gone, symbolieiog the vaniehmentp i" 1'1-0 '0e i a tunhabuer Iin tinmy r d-o'pti ,he Hope erprsaed to the words ' loking f.r the reorrection of the body (when the ?e Shilt give up h-r dead!, and the life of rho wrid to come, through our Lord Jesus Onrit ' 'rho c!eo?gyma wee proceeding, solemlit etnermvg in hie rich voice now th~t the pl ak h.d been tiltel, uad the feelin was I te noneles little etrrager that had come to her Ire their love rand m'oalelrtiow we at with aen u ref lon on her of wildn afea 'orehmeat, that of Its own emotional fordt thd given a colors to her fact. Her eyd were opend to their fullet extentmt I weds' Il if a splrit moved before ber--oma:hins t!at h.d at bfat filled her with •maiemen like orror, thoebh the terror was parsing, anl the luttre uf delight weas dimiy eit.ing thouagh the stoulehed, half-incredolouo, h-If terrified sIte that the had fixed aupo her lover. She tottered once or twioe n i ea would fall BShe soutght to speak, but bee lips turned white at the ef ra. sad her crbaet rimmoeed a with lscrngulation ; but ere Mr. Foriosgae could eprino towerd. her she had Ott-red lhis nm., '?aemolm I. t dart in a choking cry. hat then ' Mal1Coim ta'colm I Malcolm!' tbrte, in erieke ; and with a leap she was upon his breasw, her hands locked round his neck, her heed upon his bosom. ' Agatha,' he cried, 'yon know me at last Your memory be returned to oou I Beloved one csll me stali by name !' iler clped relaed; She farinted. ' '. the baby's doint.' said ~rone, aloud. looking round ; ' she Ioved him. and , o v epys her by giving her her momoey haco. st tcme with the launching of the hbmmohk. I watched it worklon in her. Gbrat God ow beautiful it Ie to think of a woman's happineee returning to her as a gift of love fro the little 'on sbh'd been s a smother to!' cod with working lips and eyes again hrmming over, the old man estepped to the rail, and looked along the glittering furrow of the schooner toward the spot where the body of the little one had vanished. \--w-- Ca.trren XLVL-Tn E New Daw e. It was the girl's second swoon in twenty. Shomurs, but this time thim e wes a death liee in it that grew terrifying. The huben pallor wa of the grave, and through the parted lid the white of the speyes showed like a corpee's, For a moment or two Fortescue lose knew she had fainted; than Hiram, seeing what had happened, spre to help him, and between them tbsp bor heb below. The momentary transport of Joy In tem curate turned to terror a he ?aned over her. toeeoiug her dre, whilst Hira hurried for water and other restoratives. She was polheeas Her boeom lay motionless a a piece of acolpure. He dew forth with trembligl hand a tittle looking glas which he held to her lip, but it remained uon tarnihed. It was as sure a that the child wai dead, as that the schooner wu upon the sea, a that the heavens looked down upon all, that she had ecooied him, and that er memory had therefore ratrned Was it oeoaible that the mad leap of the revitaised foutrh from the tomb in her brain ia which t had been lyina dead had broken her heart! odden jha, sudden griefs, hanve been known to kill, bt think of the power, the force of the emotiona which must have sweptinto her with ightning swiftares when the curtain wae dropped from her mind, and her lover itood belore bet I Mnoute after minute went by. Cease'.esly the uorate m istened her brow, chafed her hand. did what he knew, with a prayer to od ing up in every breath that left him; hirat Hirm, grasping a sta?cheon, stood erect, mute. and waiting. Once Fortecue traced that there was a faint stir in the arm he held ; it paeed, but It set hie agitated thonubte trooping along another road. 'Sup pose, be asked himself, 'that when she revives her memory will still be missing, that her knowledge of me shall prove but the momentary glimpse of brain so wrouht pon by the nerves that ert operation for the nsoetant was like the control it bad held over her when she walked in her sleep, and answered me, knowing my voice, and pleaded to me visible to her aightles eyes!' A whole half.hour p?et, as full to the clergy man of mier a a life time of suffering could har econtained, and to the seaman stead fatly and silently watching of deeper anxiety that he hd ever felt in the wildeat weather at sea Then on a sudden the beard a faints sigh, her finger twitched, something of living colour entered pately into her white lip. A sigh again broke from her, this time like the respiraton of one dreaming orowfolly In sleep She opened her eaes, looked strangely about her a though her rst bad beon induced by a powrf? narcotic, seal hbe sltl coming to Mr. Fortewrs, an xprsein of wontder, delight, amazement, brightend n m, and she suddenaly at ect, rteina yet U?as with hands ex-endsd to him, ' YMlcolm I Malcolm 1 My Malcolm P He took ba' in. his m Pe hea could not peak: his full heart gave way and he wept wi'h hiL fae against her chk as hbe held her to him. Captain Weeks walked to the eom. oanion and stood midway' on the t teph with his head outside the hatch. wheo he wae within call, though he could not beer their conversation, and where he could act a sentineL Fortescn mastered hie deep agitation after a little, but until he did o she id not move. She felt his eed of coaceal eg his face while e strove with his teara and even in that marvellous moment of the at?rof hbermewmvy, ando whilst estill fresh and confused .rm her woon.' she seothed him with her cheek tohik, and left the sweet pillow of her ahoulduc motionlee for his romfort But thebs instant he stirred, an if to Lift his head, she starte from hie emrae,. ad euizing his hands, fell back to the legib I of her arme with a long, etrning, searchingl look at hia face--a wondronus stare or eys so ort ad geotdle u hre to fix. ao full waa it of astonishment, inquiry, peeiosa deligbht asnilicting with incredulity and brea:hlee '. IalcolmI' sbeoid, In a low voice that 'illed with the felings which bee -as eokad 'Malc sIi' abarepeate, Ina a hat deened a it saak towards a whisLper. is It ou, dersr ooe ! ti it you. mry own. rom Wylo.! Wheremam I Th isa ship; itarot tM ie?sa' 81b ek sld-wbrly mound. leani b sines of I what lhaaw, eikae brought he em eo naMalea e heIr ear. '*Ma lu.,' abe Motinaed, pitiws fal his head to pes bhe leesesdwikalyetssrn ab bad aoft msd i-os ha: e oo baed b lthe scesm. banI be lsyilc! Do Ie t1tnhspil forese. heoep.oblitsrja tf bfeels ea- s y eesina of dintlJigm, ad arb. sild bhr wee hysasrisllb . Forosacuaaw the task befog. him. He a awll thelad aeed hi-wlltm is moeI tha one oeaclelo Ho eewted it to throat iowotaofe iti sad muoisca whith bhd veewelmad hlm, and hbilse iate/~aei wea -slty It w to Inmaldee how ha aoeuld _at how be ehould dal with ha e?-1 that Agatha-'i` cutieoa of mkd -e?mltted. the whole truth must erco her,; he meat spec with the utmost caution, foc tha peeat at Iss, as it wa poesible that bs facuty of mnemry milht prose wik ad etlherons after its long stupor; end itwas ctianl atll evaten , ht eres naa muse to a decmr haee eateld-ID: bar shie mid si time tad ke geewak a s.irls in her, amd aneigte s ressele tib her b~ad, 'e hs ed the ea n straugs eoyerisle iut i rwll with i atael_ in eROw is, c see ehierg of te ms/er the dinha?le woea tLeag wsh and I we plaetabe the only woml a ls-.ss pe the bgm od. etee. T aal? man numed th.bec, who doing onr asnibis efsoeine treid m with nesfee glwaimi somdemti ; f~ r th b nt w--oar eet Is w--e-a-l-beL l le?!dfisd Whu eyes spas? ?t / t Jmk mea atd oad mmea gthw 'hat tent, f wit d eiefr ,wuel isbte fierce S'My darling,' he said, stIll speaking ver softlr, cueesaing the trash, tell me to what point does your msrwore cazry won.' d She Look berhead fro his, ad leaned be temple upon her Sagers, shutting her eyes SAltor a little she said slowly, cod with e intensity: 'I remember three ees on the. island, .e Wee ABcEhe?; hbw vea fsd to m t He made a bed in " litdse overs, suppie o me with fLot and watr--sueh food e coold be got-tLakingore that I shoould ewer want I easmber the dreadfa lonseseof base days, the constant thender of theasrf. that wold sousd like a roarilng of wild beast. hn the nighe was strilL I semmeber eliog ill--o IllI and dreading that I sbould i before help could come, and that we abhrold never meet agsia, Malcolm; though I had but amoll hops that we .boold be rmeini, for I olten heard the men talk of the island being oat of the track of ships-I remember that.' There wuas a pausne. She repeated : 'Ye?-I remember that What has hap pened since? Down to this she had spoken with her eyes closed, but when sie asked the questiie she let fail her hands and looked full at her toere. For some moments he did not know what to asy It was o?plsin to him by her manner as was the silver splendour which lay upo the skylight to his eyes, that the redrriction in her memory etopped short at her solerings upo the iland, bringinga hor down maybe-thogh he dared not ionqire tbhat-to her struggle with the seaman. and her swoon out of which she awoke with her mind blinded. All things iis side, including that struggle, were as dead to her as her previous pest had before been. He believed so. at less; he coold not look .t her and donht it. The mysteriou mn^hanism of the nind hrad shbited tl' burden of darkness from oneside of rlt to the other. It was a mrelloos I thing for him .o witness in her, and he fel: a numbness coming out of it into his heart, r~he wi'th the rapidity of thought he con- , sidered 'hat the recurrence of memory might be buhot a pe-in gptseonate effort of the stool ere it lapsed into a btackoses that should I stand as a lifelong eclipse of all recollection in her. Steadying his voice he said: 'My darling, ou have pa-=d through so m~en, eo much that is beartbreaking even to I think of, it i. not wonderful that memory in mercy sboeld bide from you a portion of the I suffa?inaa of your ahlprwor.. Can you recall any circoemerase sa-ocited with oar pa I sage, so far, from the island ' ?S?a oewered: 'I do not kow where I .m" ' 'If I tell you,' he exclaimed, 'that this ise little asilio vessel biaring yon home to t Wrloe, can you unders and me!' 'On, MYlcolm, sea' sue answered, with at sweet smile. ' Do .oe recollect,' he inq.ired, 'a French ship askting a it we would tek', charge of a t little baby that her people had picked up at I sam?' 'No,' she answered, with a strained ezx preion In in hr eyes. There was a shadow- I Sof tar, too, in the grey deths, with a hbit of renewed terror growing., He ookeoff ia the senteoce e had com. mosdi aod cried out: 'Agathh deret oe--om things hare happeed which you aonnot rall but the trne loele. the lo sacred pbet is with you I again, with you with all its love, and soe' shins, and hopes, with you as I am, I who t sought and found you, thugch you knew me not, and for meeks have nos known me till this boar. It is enough for us, my preeineso one! God has a?sweed my prayer. You I knowme---you remember me--on can pro. nounce my name.' He flang hlmelf on hir'koeee, gr-ping her round the waist, gariog up into her face I with eyes of movrig adoration; while she. putting hee hands upon his hair. pressed hter lips to his forehead, and, p-echlesn for many I moments, they ga?ld at each other as though in a trance, amazemenot in her sleeping for awhile under the brooding emotion of joy, slowly perfecting itself with the perception of the reality of his beloved prmence. Hiram, peeping down the companion way. sew them thus engrosred, nd stepplpg on deck told Stone to keep clear of the cabin for the present, as though, for his part, he did not know much about love-making, he didn't need to be told that Fortescue and the lady were much too interested in the talk they had fallen into to desire to be inter rapted. 'D, she know him' aeked Stone, 'Like one o'elock, Bill,' respooled Weeks, 'Gor him his name slick out in a voice like aain'.' ' I always said a little thing 'nd do it.' seald Stone, 'A little thing he wasttoo. God receive him I as affectionate in his deth as a holy angel, Hiram ; for take mr word for it. 'twas his lore and gFnltood for all I she's done for him a g her back her memory.' The old man set i waMdering glans into the blue distance over the ter'n. - 'Ye're made eos of thae fancy afre, Bill,' exclaimed Hiram, -'but I don't rightly follow it.' Stone looked over the side for a minate whilst he thoughbt ' Well,' mid he, .' I allow it's one of them fancies as' must catch hold of the onder standinz ateounc becane they're too deliae forexplanation. Tnere'agood maw y ideas es s besat left alone if they don't aske them. selrve Iltelligible right ot of hand.' 'Aye, that may be righL 'rn-bh' said Hitta, 'hut ae her Bill; I lin's a fool, mater; and if ' fancy ' plain too I datl seq why it aboodn' he plais to me ?' Now, old 8"oae exactly anderaoed the facy -th.t. bed mo dbim, bet wher he came to tryiag tyexprss is he was at I ices At ha would afrerwards ay. ides freqentlrI oc?orred to him whe? he wa lye n hia Ci bhnk, or drowelty stdling watch ov a quiet -ight, which "ei" to bhi full ef hbeao andpoetry. TheY erejniemind. nd be ws abl'e to think shem oeat,. pet be old L'? more bys expr?sd them i, ,wrrde th be could haver tenesfogias tcb relectioo GE star into the star ieas . How eals ahe ms Hiram understand, having s laseeC e is which to shwam t oi ntiots Ho R ~e i a that the devotion of sa th a rewarded by thebaby is ble deat; fat she erming back of bee meseoy at the meamas of the child's tbma ten tlike a deddm spiluanlieing of her, and God's pesenoac haeing bees e? m emwsl visible in 'meer pssags o?s t' sebosesre isoa, war shoeld eat a mir i have bWeenwosab th dmeoek w o s he isasay of she b-ahe i?rales stmbeeismr a w?tm a's oas e -ad aeols esr a. isOes fon,u the ses of ae eamseew b oe sheae atabs to her balidg te rsee hl e sesed l Set Boes en eld ot atemt odl. t.o he m memer is d per. beet- slotey chime thll the eta o he prw of, ed u s es IsL h Ighl icseseasit pweae?oeowe, Sokhe moi lid of the eab csby esg .Weh what A~gh iehad heid nea she amIo omo her Icrent a l and, Bewe org Is ro aIk e meeohto hased on e rbh, wIabl to the sen ow to elbow, co e a alllUng th detk wtik a esce of Snada sog sees them owi theie bein doeed in User best loteu, whilst the aros, stil off her I conese Puehed sifl theoe the drek bin talee ishab sha rdowe mlr weg?i ihLe ped.lumaeaes her deck, sae thoe hiaetiD F ho'Iowa of he eal ,-, be Ie?dal t irM dine , ehtifes ue t thee I and ge la ad lie at thei vesboone esmpc ss The rook whk ealy ey e .esndp p·sre l atthe ga. ? l. . the. ae bs th he se dee a i h sel/dleg. Johnsy eome aft ai nsd ardo i f efe brureent Icy the seot; bs ald ts lwse chesehe esmals t semt soer theipanst sh hba r Hragm weald bas t he a It ed alp 's i h Is hewh hs Srm sod- iUram hsed, :meased He Wesaes he et? k e bto ec psther e Ms. aspaemsLal "h Ilelleeepeg S te Inner bu :sr,' ' 0. don't m.-tlewteL ?lr.' rod Hiram. \- ' 5ieaFeo in sw l Icin 's a lesd the clergymon. 'I dout If a girter eW that caused hes le esr , ii. t Nut' isupedad shes~erycau 'No the baeyV inquired Hiram, in a breathless war. 'It is wonderful- wonderfl I' exclaimed Fortmtcug, clapiag his hands, yet it is o. She rememben nothing down to her swoon. ing three hours ago. e a no recolletion of the bobh nor of its burial, which ha jut taken place. Ii eems, Incedible. I etepld Into her berth before abe entered it to oo ceel all memorials of the poor little one- happily, rt Stone, io biad already removed the aeub-o that the light qlure?, a I put go' her to test the msmoe of the baby, and of other incident connected with the pn·eags from the island, might not win i stnifcanoe to frighten her by proofs of the thingS epoke to bher abmt. I wil aik You, Captain Week., and roe, Mr. Saone, to make o rmletans to the child, nor to anything which he happened aice we left thol lned, in her prencea It is beat that she should lowly realise that the memrl which on?ht to cover the pavt few months in a black. Theee Is nothing to ean her in this, ntor alarm me me; inded, I would rther she n hold have the truth in in my own rvearin of it. It In I take it, a ;pecral act of God' mercy the: the horrible incideot of her island life should be hidden to her for ever, and e a thing likely to keep her hart end it is well, perhaps. Mr.Stone.' looking at the old man with no emotion of affection kindling in his Soe dark eyes, 'that the memoy o oar vpoor lit:le baby should be sealed from hea . Both Stone and Hiram knuckled their fore. neds in recognition of theclergyman' wishes, and then Ston said: 'If ,bee her m-mory perfeo t down to the point you name, what more could she need. sir, prowidisg, of course, that she goe on afresh from this morning without any more eippnsgee 'Ter'. only this.' said iram wi.th a nervous look alof' and a hesitating flance around, '1if Mis Fox he. got no memiry of this hee woyage, she'll never be able to aopreciate the way we made the island she wa cat upon, nor the mailing of the Slden Hope, and her behaviour in all sorts of weather.' 'Oh, buhot she will,' said Fortuence, emlling. 'Her present memory will enable her to preserve the reoolleoton of whet I tell h.r oneching the voyae, and that being so. C*ptain Weeks, it will be my fnault i she doso't fully appreciate the beaoty of hIbis little vessel, your skill as a navigator, and the loyalty and high qualities of our gren-hearted old friend her,r' and he laid his hand uoon St??io' shoulder. Well, sir.' said Stobne looking aE thoubh this condecenoding acst of Mr. Fortoescue would break him down. 'I can only say from the bottom of my soul rm glad-I'm glad things have turned out as they have. I always felt s bthat a little thing 'ud do it.' ' Stone thinks the baby did it, Mr. For. eecue.' sad Hiram. 'The lady's memory,' ohbeerred Stone, ooklng doen upon ?yipdeck. 'a coming bark to her at the mdMint whren the little hammock fl.hbed off the plunk into the water, seemed to me a if it wau the rgetitodl of the hinfant for Mis Fox's cherirhing of him that did it Hiram here don't understand.' continued the old man, with a elanca at the skipper, ' but that aint my fault, 'londermtand,' said Mr. Fortescue, thought fully, and obviously impressed with the rough allor" fancy. 'Well, i'e beyond my laming' exclaimed Hiram. slightly vexed apparently by the clergyman's ready apprehension of Stone's .roti ; ' bt a ship's fok'sle ain't muoch of a college, and so there'n no call for me to 'poloc?e. More. you, Johnny ! he bawled, 'bar a hand now with bhe cabin dinner. Howa' her hbead, Jim! The course was g yen. 'Ha r echnined Hiram. ' So she'. rome up to it. Bill,' said be, turning to Stone, 'if the trades ain't humming in our riging to-night you shall call me a farmer,. and watch me pick me the hayseed out o' my (To DR crrs cn.) 