THE ADVERTISER "INDEPENDENT." SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 8Tr, 1888. It is on the lapis to float another loan tor North Melbourne,'and when tenders are actually invited, the advantages of the 'change of name' will make themse!ves felt. 'North Melbourne' in the London market will sound very different and mean a great deal more than ' Ilotham,' as speculators will speedily prove to us. The Not th Melbourne trams, or rather 'their ghost,' were hefoie the council a good deal on Monday evening. First there was the report of Mr. Kelly relative to the levels of the streets to be traversed oy the lines, and then the matter of the expiration of Cr. P'ilkington's term ofoffice as representative of the council on the Trust and the question of either re appointing him or electing another councillor in his place. The council decided to re-alpoint Cr. Pilkington. A very narrow escape from tfire has to be chronlicled it connection with a house known as No. 1 in lBaillie street, North Melbourne. It was let to a man named sullvran, who left the house last Friday sotnewhat auddenly, and when the agent called for the rent, he found the paper burnt off the bedroom, and the walls seorched, It is a wonder the whole erec tion did not take fire, the origin of which is a tiystery}. Captain Uatt informs us that the IIotlham Hill Brigade were quicklymn the scene at the recent lire at the roar of Brougham street, and rendered valuable assistance in extineuishing the Ilames. Our informant very rightly considers it only just that the su?ccessful efforts of the above-named body should receive public mention. The directors of the Eseendon Hall Company have at length accomplished their work of alloting slhares,which, owing to the excess of applications received, was ino easy matter. Notices of allotment have now been sent to the various applicants, local tenderers receiving msore considera tion at the directors' hands than outsiders. \Ve have been shown a plan of the neow hall, designed by the archito:ts Meers leid, Ilenderson and Smart. Itis a hand some building of three storeys,surtnounted by a spire of sallicient altitude to be seen from any part of the borough. The lower Irontages of the hall are to be let-or, are being let-for shops and commercial urtablishmentst . Land in Union road, Temperance Town alip has been sold during the past week, for £45 per foot. The knowing ones are securing as much of the road township as call be had at anything like reasonable trman. and their enterprise is perfectly j stifiable as the thoroughfare Is destined to vucoito at no very dibtant date, another Chapel street or Smith street. A large company is about to be formed for the purpose of taking up all the the available land in North Essendon, between the Aberfeldie Estate and Keilor, with a view of opening up the district. The fact that an attempt will be uade by the companuy to accure extensive frontages to the Kcilor Creek, may be taken as inudicat. itng that the promoters have some faith iu the rumour that the cattle yards and abattoirs now located at Flemington will be removed to the banks of the lKeilor Creek atan early date. In connection with the Flemington and Keonsington Presbyterian Church, it has been decided to substituto Victorian patent stone for timber asnd seating in.the erection of the spire of the above building. This will add greatly to the appearance, and also to the durability of the structure. In spite of tile ecarcuty of bricks the erection of the building is making good progress, and it is intended to open it about the middle of Deceeber, The Stock Exchange of Melbourne hasb resolved to admit of application for five more seats at anl entrance fee of £1650. The present number of members is 125. The Weslayans of Kensington have, for some titme, worshipped at much incon. venionce, owing to thie smallnoes of their weatherboard place of meeting, which their numbers have atogether outgrown. They have, therefore, resolved to erect a mere commodious brick building, and have instructed Mr. A. C. I)uguid to prepare plans and specifications for same. The first of a series of popular ballad concerts took place in the Melbourne Town Hall last Satunlrday evening, and notwith standing the inclemency ofat the weather, was largely attended. T'lhe lion. las. Balfour presided. The following artistes appeared .-Mrs. Palmer, Miss Atkins, Miss Faller, Messrs. A. II. (iee, II. Kennedy and Signor Steffani, all of whom delighted the audience' This evening, with the addition of Mr. C. J M1. Edwards and Miss Julis Pearce another excellent programme will hb presonted, and as the prices have been fixed at 2s and Is, there should be a crowded house. What is the good of appointing delegates to a conference which never n.ectse? W\hat is the good of forming cort'.ittees and sub. committees if the members never turn up to transact business ? The foregoing queries were eut to thle IEsendotn Council on Monday night, by Cr. Wright sprjopos of a statement made by one of the members that a proposed conference between the council and representatives from Messrs. Booth, Ellson and Co., electric engineers, had never been held. The querist paused for a reply, but as none was forthcoming he expressed the opinion that councillors who failed to attend conferences and com mitten meetings were deserving of a vote of censure. The mayor endorsed Cr. Wright's views on tihe subject. .William WVhite, a slaughtcrman, who ts been hanging, about tihe battoirs for anoe timt andl is ad.ticted tq drink, a on "Monday morl:itig found on thb road near the abattoirs with two wounds in the breast, caused by a butcher's knife which was fort,d lying, by Iis side. When asked by Constable Courtney how he tmanaged to get hurt, White, who appeared to be inl the horrors, said he did it for fun. As ihe appeared to be in a bad state, hie was taken to the hospital. Whito has been working about the abattoirs and leading a sort of a vagrant life, having no lixed homns for the past taelve months. Messra.Woods andl Atkinson,auctl oneers and estate agents, of Moonee Pondia, re port having sold 340 ft. to tihe Mount Alexaxder road, through to the Ascot Vale road, to Mr. Opie, who shortly intends building some first-class shops there in place of the old buildings,which,at present, are more of an eyesore than otherwise. •Mr. Opie it will be recollected not long since erected some fine shops in Puckle street, and to his enterprise a great deal of thle wonderful success of this street may be attributed,. Mlesrs Woode and Atkinson during the past month have dis posed of properties to the value of £25,000 Mr. M'Kean, tile solicitor, recently said at the North Melbourne Court, that it was becoming "the emporium for all the maintenance cases in the colony." There is certainly a large number of these not very savoury lawsuits argued before the local bench, an, it is said women take up their residence in North Melbourne a few weeks before comnmencing these proceed ings, as the North Melbourne Bench is supposed to favour the plaintiff in such asses. Tihe crowded state of tihe streets of Melbourne render them very uns'litable places for displays of equestrian acrobatic performances, and yet daily in the most frequented thoroughfares it is no uncom. inon thing to see people riding and driving fidgety horses inl a most in a must careless manner as regards the lives and limbs of pedestrians. Collins and Swanoton streets are not suited for riding schools or circuses, and owneraot slirited horsellesh would study public safety by showing off their " bloods" in Albert Park or the quiet streets of the outlying suburbs. Land in all the pinci;pal business frontages of North Melbourne has recently considerably increased in value. A piece sold in a trust estate in Abbotsford street north about eighteen months ago for £7 5s. a-foot, was resold about two months since for £20 a-foot, and its value at the present moment as judged by land sold in the immediate vicinity must be from £40 to £50 a foot. Owners of town property have, therefore, a good thing at their fingers' end as prices are bound to go up, especially when the tramway extension becomes a fact. It is to be hoped that the tmassing of empty night carts in the Ulorsemarket Reserve by the City Council only exists as a nightmare of Cr. Wilson's. Tihe Town Clerk of North Melbournc has heard nothing of it, but Cr. Wilson was quite right in bringing tihe matter forward oil Monday night, if even the slightest rumour had reached himi. It may be taken for granted that after tie selfieh position assumed by the City Council on the abattoirs question that tile incon venience and discomfort arising from any action of theirs to a suburban municipality will not weigh much in their counsels, and the North Melbourne municipal anthorities should keep their eyes on " Fitz" and his satellites. There is now on view at the Sports Deonot, the Essendot Dis.rict Football Cleb Cup, the gift of Cr. W. T'. Wright, "Aberfeldie," Essendon, lwhich is a most hlandsome trophy, and no doubt will attract a largo number of entries. Tihe club also received a rcheque for ten guineas from Mr. A. Beaver, and with such Ihandomene donatians as these the sports are alttost certain to be a success A concert and ball will be Ilsd in the New Hall, liacecourso road, on Monday next, in aid of Mr. ltugh Murray, who in consequence of very seriots illness, hIad been unable to do any work for the past four months. The Mayor and Councillors have kindly consented to give tbeir patronage to the entertainment, which will be a thloroughly first class one. Tile programme is to be rendered by ladies and gentlemen now to the local public, and this should be quite suflicient in. ducement for a good house. Thie object of tise concert and ball is also good, and as tihe prices are very reasonable, it is to be hIoped the honorary secretary, Mr. O. henness, who hIses been most energetic in the nmatter, will be rewarded by seeing a crowded attendance. Dr. 'Parker, late surgeon of thie Mount Gambler Hospital, has caomtenced practice in Essendlon, on the stmain road near tile railway elation. This gentlemen is spoken of in thie highest terms by those rwho kntow him, andi his profea aional ability is widely recognised. As Dr. P'arker intends to remnain in the district and has such a brilliaint reputation, we lavo no doubt a mutual advantageo to himself and the residents will accrue frlt his arrival, and for our part wishll him a successful career. On Wednesday evening next, thle great three mile race between Mesars II. A. Washburn, fast roller skater of thle world antd E. W. Norris of the Suburban Iicycle Club, is to bei run off at the Kensington Skating itink and no doubt will attract a very large attendance to this now do servedly popular place of resort. Tihe match is creating a nood deal of interest and should thie local man prove victorious hie may expect to have other aspirants in the district to contend against. Young Norris is a capital rider with plenty of pluck and he will be sure to give a good account of himself, althlougih hIe has undertaken a somewhat dilticult task. The admission to the rink will be as usual, one alilling, but a few seats will bu reserved at Is. idl., and those wishitsg to avoid tihe crushl, can obtain reserved tickets by applying at tile oflice. Last night the winners of the local handicap and bicycle races were presented with tlheir prizes amid tile applause of thosa piresent. 