Tlie Mother of Devotion. It is not sufficiently known that Rome's object in education is not to elevate and to enlighten ; it is to darken and deprave man kind. The words of Nahash the Ammonite, to the men of Jabesh-Gilead are her words to all the world : — " On this condition will I make a covenant with you, that I may thrust out all your right eyes." According to the most authoritative Romish teaching, the very per fection of Christianity consists in a readiness to believe that black is white. Here is the proof : — "That we may in all things attain the truth, that we may not err in anything; we ought ever to hold it a fixed principle that what I see white I believe to be black if tho Hierarchical Church define it so to be." The spiritual exercises of St. Ignatius Loyola, translated from the authorised Latin by Charles Seager, M.A. To which is prefixed' a preface by the Right Rev. Nicholas Wise man, D.D., p. 180, London, 1847.) Itis on this principle thnt the sentence pro nounced in 1634 against Galileo— "A sentence immortalised by the execration of science in every country where the mind is free— was renewed and published in 1819. It is on this principle that mathematicians like Le Seur and Jacquier, in- their declaration prefixed to Newton's Pnncipia, have found themselves able only by the subterfuge of a solemn false hood to avoid the fate of the unhappy Floren tine astronomer. " Newton" say thoy " assumes in his third book the hypothesis of the earth's motion. The propositions of that author could not be explained except through the samehypothesiB. We have, therefore, been forced to act a character not our own. But ice declare our submission to the decrees of the Pontiffs against the motion of the edrth. ; It is on this principle, that while Dr. Wiseman was thus educating the English,- the Bishops of Perpignan and Luxembourg, with tho Univers, were declaring that " Religion has a large share in the inculcation of the sciences, of which it is the foundation ; and the episcopacy alone is a competent j udge in this matter, since it alone has been established guardian of the sacred deposit of the faith, (if Univers et L' Union Catholique, 24 Octobre, 10 et 11 Novembre, 1843.) The Bishop of ' Carcassbne, in a mandate closely following the Papal circular of the Pope pre ceding Pius IX. (Gregory XVI, August 15, 1832) had already said ' If it (the Romish Ohurch) so requires, let us sacrifice to it our opinions, our knowledge, our intelligence, the splendid dreams of our imagination, and the most sublime attain ments of the human understanding. Far from us be all that bears the stamp of novelty.' In a word, Rome's tyranny over truth inoludes a perpetual proscription of all the great masters of tho human mind. The " Index Librorum Prohibitorum " is not obsolete. Tho reading of Paradise Lost was not only interdicted nearly a hundred and fifty years ago; but the probition was renewed in 1819. The very firet book in this great catalogue of works devoted to the tender meroieB- of the Inquisition, is Bacon, De Augmentis Scien- tiarum ; Locke On the Human Understanding, and Oudworth's Intellectual System, follow in the train. Rome is not content with having proscribed OopernicuB ; she has proscribed Decartes also. She is not content with having proscribed reason and science ; she has dis allowed true Religion and Virtue ; she has depraved Conscience ; she h&B; trodden under foot the Truth. Here is the evidence. And it is no less a " Prince of the Church" than the great Bellarmine who supplies it : — If the Pope should so far err as :to "command viceB and to prohibit virtues, the Church would be bound to believe that vices are good and virtues are evil, unless she would sin against her conscience. (Bellarmin, De Pontif, iv. c. 5.) But this last alternative is a mere Sourish ; for she has no " conscience." The Pope has taken care of that. He alone is " the supreme judge and director uf conscience." At least he says he is, and Cardinal Manning says so too. And this debased teaching is maintained in England by large grants of public money, constantly increasing. In the " New Standard Reading Books for Catholic Sohools," professedly "adapted to the Revised Code of 1871," (Burns, Oates & Co.) the papal dogmas are sedulously inculcated, and intermingled with the topics of secular instruction, in defiance of the condition on whioh the grants of public money have been made. The magnitude of the mischief result ing from this flagrant evasion of the statute, is greatly aggravated . by the faot that — on account of the alleged " undenominational " character of the schools — large, numbers of children are perverted to Popery, before their parents are aware of the true character of the teaching to which they have been subjected. "Numbers of Protestant .children attend Roman Catholic schools," says her Majesty's Inspector ; and he addB that " the mixture.is much larger than has beon represented," (Parliamentary Report of Committee of Council on Education, 1870-71, p. 400). No matter : faith is not to be kept with heretics.' Not with heretic parents who are kept in ignorance of the facts ; not with a heretic government which finds it convenient to. wink at the violation of the compact under which the public money is paid. The Roman hierarchy defrauds the state and then defies it. In the very first " reading lesson " for the higher classes in these schools, Popery, at the public cost, thus inculcates her sole and exclusive domination over reason and religion : " The Catholic Church claims for herself the office of educating her children. She does so as alone possessing the infallible rule alike of faith and of morals. Hence, she alone can guide aright both our intellects and our wills." (Booh V., part ii. p. 134.) The result of her guidance — in Italy, and in Ireland — we have already seen. The; method is not so well known. Here are a few sentences from a catechism in high repute and of great authority (Quoted in the debate in the Federal Council at Berne, September 15, 1818). Q. Of what use is the sign of the Holy CrosB ? . '' A. To destroy all sorts of sorcery, and to drive away the devil, ghosts, and all tempta- tions. ; Q. Is it allowable to take one's wages or anything else due to us, in a secret, clandestine manner ? ; A':- He who will act safely in this must ask his prieBt. Q. Is it a sin not to pay tithes ? A. Yes ; it is a great sin. Q. How does the Church punish the non payment of tithes ? A. She commands that snch as do not pay shall be excommunicated, and not restored until they have repaid all. Q. What if they were wicked priests who should get the tithes ? A. Honour is Btill due to them for they remain vicars of God. Q. Whore is hell ? A. Hell is in the middle of the earth. Q. Is hell very large ? A. Not very ; ' for the damned lie packed in it one upion another, like bricks in a brick oven. : I go no further. But, perhaps, the day may not bo distant when English electors may.be ashamed to reflect that this pestifer ous Popish teaching which has been repressed by tho Swiss Cantons, has not been repressed by the British Parliament ; and when English representatives may think it high time to imitate the action of the Federal Council, by resouing English children from tho conse quences of a Papal crusade, which, under the name of education, is maintained by men who, without genuine knowledge, without efficient education, without a fatherland of their own, and full of hatred against true liberty and enlightenment, are only endeavour ing to suppress human intelleot and promote ignorance and superstition. Junius Junior in The Modern Avernus; Appendix, Note 0.) 