TELEGRAMS. ADELAIDE AND LONDON TELEGRAPH. [By Subuabisz Tjoeqraph.] London, September 20. Notwithstanding the insafnoient bar rest In France, the Frenoh Government has j decided not to make any special conces sions to importers of wheat. M. Floquet, the Premier, will not remove the import I dnty on breadatuffis, which will now be | brought in at the same coat as before. An accident of an alarming oharaoter | occurred to-day at Werblg, in Pomerania, Prussia. A train whloh was conveying ] 1,600 German soldiers went off the rails near this station. The train was upset, happily the injuries sustained by its ! occupants were slight. London, September 2L Bishop Moore, of BaUarst, has had an audience of the Pope prior to his depar ture lor his Dlooese. His Lordship's pas sage baa been booked in the Orient uner Ormnz, which sails from Plymouth on September 29 and Naples eight days later. Be will bring with him and estab lish in Ballarat some nans of the Order of the Sisters of Nazareth and some Fathers of the Congregation of the Holy Ghost. In all the additions to the working staff | in the Diocese will number forty-five. The New Zealand Shipping Company's I steamship Rimutaka, from Port Chalmers | August 2, has arrived at Plymouth with her cargo of frozen meat. London, September 22. Rumours are still prevalent that Mr. Joseph Chamberlain is to be raised to the Upper House in recognition of his recent services in respect of the Canadian fisheries. The truth of the rumours is denied, but there is still a strong belief in well-informed circles that Mr. Chamber lain will shortly become Lord Highbury. General Graham, with the British I expeditionary force in Sikklm, has marched from Gnatong in the direotlon of the northern frontier. Here the | Thibetans are massed in large numbers, it being estimated that behind the Jalapla J Pass there are as many as 11,000 men, who are constantly being recruited by their I own Government and by China. General Graham came up with a large detachment of the Thibetans on the Sikklm side of j the Jalapla Pass. In the enoonnter which i followed the Thibetans were defeated with a loss of twenty men killed. The reBt ] of the insurgents had to beat a retreat. Notwithstanding the finding of the I Coroner's Jury, who attributed the death of the man named Ring to Mb acci dentally falling from the train on the Midland Railway, the police have arrested the stowaway who travelled with King in the Ormnz from Sydney, and who was in Ms company on this railway journey, on a charge of murder. The name of the prisoner is Mackill. Sir John Pope Hennessy, who has had a large experience of Governorships in Crown colonies, is anxious to obtain a viceregal position in a province possessing responsible government. He is pressing his claims, as one who has been in the service for twenty-one years, on the Colonial Office. London, September 23. In connection with the approaching I visit of the Emperor William of Germany to King Humbert of Italy, the Vatioan has requested assurances from the German Government that this visit is not intended to express approval of the present state of things in Rome as caused by the absorption into Italy of the States of the Church. The report that the Amir of Afghanis-1 tan is dead has not been confirmed. The | rebellion of Lbak Khan has been crushed, but Ishak himself has escaped. The I Amir's Government report that he has fled into Bokhara, but the Russian ao- [ counts say he is in Balkh, Turkestan. The iron barque Zadok, which left Pert Gennein for the United Kingdom on March 20, with a cargo of wheat, was last spoken on May 24. Siuoe then she has not been heard of, and the gravest fears are entertained as to her welfare. She has now been posted at LloydB as " over due." The ship Superb, bound for Melbourne, ran aground on Saturday off Montrose, Her position was seen very soon, and tugs were dispatched to her aid. Four of these, however, were unable to get her off, and recourse is now being had to [ lightening. A rumour has been circulated to the effect that the PrincesB of Wales has narrowly escaped from death by a car riage accident at Gmunden, in Austria, but an official announcement has now I been made from Marlborough House | denying that the life of Her Royal High nesB was in any way imperilled. London, September 24. A horrible mnrder has taken place In Birtley, County of Durham, where a woman was yesterday discovered lying dead. Her body was mutilated exactly in the same way as were the bodies of the four unfortunates who were found mur-! dered lately in Whitechapel. This sug gests the identity of the murderer, who is j still at large. The yellow fever whloh broke out some time ago in Jacksonville, the most populous city of the State of Florida, and the oapitsl of Duval County, is continu ing in virulenoe. The pest is spreading into the surrounding country, and a thorough panio has been ere&ted; in the State of Mississippi by its fierce outbreak in the neighbourhood. The Superb, wMoh went ashore near Montrose on her voyage to Melbourne, has been floated after many attempts. She I has been towed into Dundee In order to be [ examined for repairs In order to make np {or the closing or restriction, of Chinese Immigration into the United States of America and the Australian Colonies, the Pekin Govern ment is endeavouring to open np a market for their superfluous labour in Russia, Chinese agents are now Inthat oountry making preparations for direct immigra tion to certain parts. The death is announced in his 77th year of Marshal Bazalne, who ijained notoriety in the Franco-Prussian War by the surrender of Metz. The strike of miners in the Hunter River district, Newcastle, has had the effect of bringing more business to England. Many enquiries have been made as to the price of eoal by large Australian consumers, but up to the present the Murrumbldgee is the only vessel chartered to convey coal to Aus trails. The Mutual Association of Australian Merchants will on next Monday meet to nominate a committee to oo-operate with the Brokers Shipping Ring with a view to settling the present difficulty with regard to freights. Licht estimates that the next European beet crop will be 451,000 tone above last year. Visible atocke and floating cargoes amount, according to him, to 144,000 tons less than last year. London, September 25. At a meeting of the London Directors of the South. Australian Land and Mort gage Agency Company a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent was declared. London, September 26. Mr. Septimus Stephen has entered the Hon. James White's two Sydney-bred colts for the Doncaster St Leger andthe Two Thousand Guinea Stakes to be run at Newmarket The clergy and laity of the Diooese of Manchester, in token of their esteem and admiration, have presented to Bishop Moorhoose a pastoral staff. The natives have rebelled against the recently proclaimed German authority at Kelwa, which was formerly Bubject to the Sultan of Zanzibar. In the riot In which the rebellion culminated several Germans were murdered, and the insurgents, having gained the day, reholsted the Saltan's flag. The Republican party in the United States have announced their willingness to lessen the bnrden of the protectionist tariff. They propose to reduce the im port duties on certain lines, and the result of their amendments will be the reduction of the revenue by $65,000,000. During this week gold to the amount of £500,000 has been withdrawn from the Banks for transmission to Russia. 