The Invisible Tailor and , f* Tailoress. . ? ^ ? - ?BY AX OLD C0XTRIBUT02# Irqm the window of the little tailoress one could see the windows of Colonel Fontaine's, great tio'use. As she trimmed her kerosene lamp and its yellow flame grew brighter, the while, glitteringgasl/ghfc flashed op with in every room of 'the fine mansion. Two little geranium pots where upon her window sill. All. over Colonel Fontaine's liouse were hot-Louse flowers in baskets and rases, and blooming on their parent stems in .the coa servatorr. ' Two strips of rag carpet, and four painted cbaiis, and an eight-day clock, and a picture of the infant Jesus, and two green plaster of Paris parrots — these and a table, And some ware on the' closet shelves, were all' the pro perty, real and persona!, of the little tailor ess. One Chair in Colonel Fontaine's house was worth all her possessions. Every sort of fine upholstery,- articles of virtu, carpets that cost incredible suras, pictures by the old masters and the new ones that were fash ionable, everything that can be crammed in to a house to make it sumptuous, 3*011 found in Colonel Fontaine's. ? It taw enough to make a littlo woman en vious. The tailoress turned down her light, and laid aside her work — it was in no terrible burry — and went and sat by her windows, looked .over towards this fine house, where they toiled not, neither did they spin, wish ing, as many a bard-working woliian has wished, before, that her lot had been cast in such paths. As she eat gazing and envying, there en tered the robin another person. It was- the little tailor, husband to the little- tailoress. He also came aud sat in the window. *' 44 There arc to be fine doings there at Fon taine's, ' he said. . 41 1 have just been talking to black Sarai the waiter. ? lie waits there to-night.' Two hundred pound does not spread the table. Think of that ! 44 Ah ! it's fine to be some folks,' said the tailoress. 44 Yes, indeed,' said the tailor. - 44 Yes, yes, Dolly. Yes, yes !' . Then Ibey looked out again iu silence.' The silver stars were out in the- sky ami. a JittJe crescent moon ; the ftost gnttered/-on the branches of the trees along. the streets and on the window panes ; but the lace curtains ouly half hid the splendor within that lighted mansion. « The musicians were coming — a whole band of them. . They jabbered in German as they filed up the steps. They had their in struments in green bazc bags and in long black boxes. ' . ? ? 44 It's plain there is to be dancing,' said the little tailor. . '*? 44 Ah I poor folks don't get much time to. dance,' said the tailoress. She folded her nrma and looked a little cross ns she' said this.- Iter husband also looked very moody. 1 They had better have dropped their curtain and gone to their stitching '; all that splendor was making them bQrribJy' discontented. u Only two. of *em,' said the tailor. 44 They haven't a child.' 44 Rich men for luck, and poor men for children/.' said the tailoress.- 44 Now we've got three.' 44 There's the carriage-company,' said the tailor. The carriages were roliing up. Shadowy figures tripped from tbcm, and hurried up the steps. As the door opened, the glisteti ingot silk aud the flash of jc-.vels could be seen. 44 Ah 1' said the tailores3, 44 and my best dress is only alpaca.' *' S waller tails, no doubt— all of *em,'said the tailor. 14 Oh, dear 44 ' ? ' Don't il wish I was her !' said the tailoress, 4* Don't 1 wish I was him 1' . said ? the ??tailor.- 44 Now if only 'wc could change with 'em,' said the tailoress. 44 lid take the chances,' said the tailor. 4i So would they,' said a voice behind them. i- Tiie tailor-ami tailoress turned their heads. A little womau. in a Mack cloak' aud a red night-cap stood. behind them — a very Utile woman, hatuly larger than a child; She held in her baud a broom, and her white elf locks tumbled all about her face. Iter eyes were black,. and. bright as the' frosty stars that 'were glittering; in tho sky. 4- You are surprised to see mc', 1 presume,' said the old woman. . \- 44 Well,' said the tailor, ' not to be uncivil, .we are. Folks usually knocks.' ?4I nevordy that,'' saidH.be old woman. 44 1 come through tlie key-hole.' : 44 Joking I presume, mum,' said .the tailor. ♦ ' 44 No,' said the old woman.- 44 I'm a witch.' The tailoress got behind -the tailor as speedily as possible. ** ??Bui a very . amiable one, unless I'm vexed,' said the old woman, 44 It does vex me t ) see people scared.' I'm sure I'm . not an alarming object.' -u . ?4 I'm not a bit frightened,' said the tailor cs3 ; 'ouly witches isu't usual.' 44 Oh, 1 dOu't mind you,' said the witch. 4* You are nothing hut a Iqol. Hero you are as comfortable asuce J be, coal in your cellar; fowl iu your oloset, three rosy children abed in there*— you give them more air, it is true— plenty of work, aud all you need, and yon sit and fret because you haven't alt the finery in that house. Why, riches don't make people happy by themselves, ucver did, aud never will. ' 1 . '♦You're apparently an older. lady than what I aut/' paid tlie tailoiess, 44 and you had oughter know. bcsL being a ivitch. Rut I'd Uko to know how a person that wears silks and velvet? ever}' day, and has never fetched the writer, to wash her.own hands, and goes outniidiug behind her own horse, and ii complimented and admired the whole other life, can help being happior than a jpoor little soul that stitched and stitched J since befunr -CTor'*be was gruwu up; that never rode in anjtbiug better than tho street can; that counts every shilling before she spends it; has had throe childreu, Lord -help her I and has a black alpaca aud a bit of gilt breast pin for Sundays, and makes her things lust ycar ln and year out. ' And not to contradict a lady -;Wa witch,' said tho tailor, ' how Is a man that works at a toiling, moiling trade, and half the time nn't paid at that, and has u wife and three children) to feed aud elothoand shoo— grum- bling over what ho gives her at that— to be contented aud as happy as a fellow. that just writes his namo to a cheque when ho wauts money, nod driuks charapaguo and them things?' ? * . 44 A morocoutcnted crnetur man never had for a wife,' cried tho tailor's wife* bursting Into tears afresh. 4iI never— ' 'Hold fiyniir tongue,' gsaiil the witch. 44 Coino, Til give you a clianco to seo if these people arc really happier. You shall go over into that limiafi and tnko a peep at its mys* torica, if you like. I've only to wavo my bruutn and you witlbocoiuu iuvlsihlo. You'll icq things uo one elsosucs, hear thlugs no ono else hears, and, U you wish to do bo, yoa shall afterward* change places with them. \\\m shall ho Mr. Fontaine, jsvnshall ho Mrs. Tmtaluc, always providing yuu dcilro to do to.' ??My eves!' cried tho tailor. 44 Well, Dolly I'' ' H won't.limt to bo luvUlblo, cli or led tlio tiillorcij. : 'IlVlilt lllco triUii;; chloroform. !? iup. ?mm.'! wliUliQ'tnlliir. vUSk-. -4 14 Yes,' said the tailor.. - The witch wared her boom. : 44 1 feel as if I was 'going off,' said the tailoress. 44 Mc, too,' sajd the tailor. In a moment more the pair felt .as light as a couple of feathers or two bits of thistle down. They were floating about in the air, and felt sure that no one could see them.' They tried to grasp each- other's bands, but there was no substance to hold. Tuey tried to speak, but they had no voices. Still, in somcsuJ)tle and incomprehensible way, they commuciatcd their thoughts to each other, without the aid of speech. They were in the lady's . chamber. She sat all alone there. Her black velvet robe swept over the floor. Diamonds'glittercd on her bosom and in her ears ; on her rounded arms also. She was a bnrnettc of the volup tuous style of beauty, her red lips, herspark lingeyes. hcr wonderfully perfect nose, her little cars, like tiny car-shells, were beyond description. She bent over a desk ; within it lay a picture— the portrait of a fair man in' a uniform* She talked£to it in whispers. 44 Year after year, day after day, hour after hour,' she whispered, 44 and I cannot forget. Y'our blood is upon my hands, Jerome. My heart is haunted by your ghost. May God forgive us both.' There was a souud without— a step, at the door. ' 44 Are'you ready, madam ?' Eaid a voice, . It wa3 that of Colonel Fontaine. ? The lady arose. . 44 One moment,' she said. - 'Ah,. if you would but leave -mc. in peace — if you would but let me hide myself away somewhere 1' 44 Again V' he said. 44 Come here, madam. I am waiting for you.'- . Ife did. not even set his 'foot across the. threshold of the lady's door, and she obe3*ed him, and passed out into tho wide ball. The invisible tailor and tailoress flitted out with her. Tbc\' had just as. much curi osity as they had in the flesh.. Besides, what did tbey come for but to listen ? 44 Do you suppose I enjoy these scenes?' said Colonel Fontaine. . ? 44 You seem to,' she answered. 'Yog seem to, also,' said, the colonel. ,;It is all seeming with us. Thc3* call us an affectionate couple, [ presume. They do not know bow, since I found bis letters and his picture, we have hated each other.' 4|I do uot hate you, Henry,' said .the lady. r' ?4I ib bate you,' said the colonel. 'There is no hideous creature begging 111 the streets that ! loathe as. I do. your beautiful person^-I who loved you so !' 41 Ah, my God I' moaned the woman.' 44 Why torture mc so 7' 44 Ionlydo it when you rebel,' said the colonel. 4t Am I -not tortured — a lonely; childless man. with. a weight df'sccrot sbarae upon my sonl ? Yotr doomed mc to this life, and you shall expiate the crime. You ahail appear before thcworld as Colonel Fontaines wife should. For ten ycare we have played the farce. We shall play it to the last. I quarrelled 'with him about a 'game of cards, not about you. I slapped him in the face, and he challenged mc. But he knew — lie knew why he died, I saw it in. his face as I sent the bullet to his heart.*' 44 Ah; have mercy!' moaned the woman again. 44 1 have had mercy,' said the man. 'Yoa live. . I killed the more innocent of the two. You have 3-ourown apartments, I have mine; we only play our little /v/eof Darby and Joan before the world. It is not much punish ment for your crime, and it keqis m-r name from public shame. Are you . rrady, madam .'** ? She bowed. They went down the stairs together ; they were saluted- by their guest ; they saluted tbera. The dance went on ; the music swept into dreamy waltzes; the fecit was eaten, the wine flowed; but the two invisible guestsjsawwhat no one could see with bodily eyes. While the lady smiled and talked, while she danced, while she sang, oue form still moved before her eyes— a phantom, pale and licry — a beautiful young man in- captain's uniform, with a deep wound in his breast: Its eyes looked toward bar, aud.'sceraed to say — '.Murderess.'' And the masterof the house— what he saw was this: a life that had no meaning, a trampled love, a shattered faith, a broken heart. His own. ? 44 Want to change with them I' asked the woman, in the red cap and black cloak. 4,Can, if yon choose.' * 44 For the dear Lord's-sakc, take us home,' cried the tailoress. There tficy were opposite each other in the two chair. The lights still gleamed from the windows of the house over the v, and carriages were rolling from the-door, * '. ? 44 It's queer,' said the tailpr, 44 It's awfully queer,' said the tutoress., -4I suppose it's. all a dream/'. said the tailor. , . 44 Yes, darling,' said the laUorcss: ?4 Blessed little Dolly,' said the tailor; 44 1 wouldn't be her for a kingdom,4' said Dolly.. 44 1 wouldn't be him for a world,' said the tailor. 44 And how nice it is,' said the tailoress, 44 to look into the ball he'drbom and see 'em eo, comfortable — baby between us, and Sally andlCittyin the trundle-bed.' 44 Yes, Dolly,' said the tailor. ,4Itdon*l take a witch io tell us that riches by them selves don't make happiness. .It's better to. be hojiest and pure and ashamed of nothing, than to roll in gold with a wicked secret on he miiul. . ' 44 We'll pray ior these poor rich people to night, Dolly.' . . 'Amen,' said the tailorcsa. ; * . 