Who Were Guilty P Fitoji the cleljuto in the Assembly on Wednesday it is possible -with cure to thread together what is necessary to form a tolerably complete narrative of those painful events of which it is charitably supposed that of the Hopeful was tho ?worst. Both sides have had :t tale to tell, the one affirming, the other denying, leaving it in doubt which spoke the truth,' and which o!!«ht to be believed. Even now, after hearing both sides sum up, the task of judging is difficult, and the result perhaps not quite satisfactory. Wo venture to offer the following : The first i'tiet, now placed beyond denial, is that the M'llwraith Government licensed vessels to trade in the South Seas. The area, so named rather than described, certainly embraced Kew Guinea; and Sir Thomas M'llwraith himself now ad mits that it did. It was not worthy of him, therefore, to say as he has said, that he never licensed any vessels to go to Hew Guinea, meaning that he never licensed any specially to go there. So long as a whole is equal to all its parts, so long as the name ' South Seas ' embraces JTeir Guinea, to give a general license for the South Seas is to give one for every place therein. It is, therefore, indisputable that the M'lhvruith Government licensed vessels for !Xe\v Guinea. Ihe next equally indisputable fact, not denied, is that the Griffith Government also licensed vessels for the South Seas. The Premier was good enough to name the dates of the licenses. It was a mistake, diplomatically considered. It is not in proof, wo believe, whether or not any of the vessels licensed by tho MMlwraith Government went to Jncw Guinea, but it is in proof, and it is not deniedjthat some licensed by the Griffith Government did go to that country. And just here a cruel inference presents itself. It is this, that it is passing strange if vessels licensed in September, 1SS3, did not go to the country named but that vessels licensed in December of the same year did. It must be kept in mind that the change of Government took place in November. Men spending their lives in the South Sea Island trade do not know much about Governments; they know less about changes of Governments; and yet we are asked to believe that in Sep tember of a given year, some of them, having received licenses, conscientiously abstained from going to a certain part of tho great area to the whole of which they were entitled to go : but that others of them, receiving similar licenses m December of the same year, wickedly went there. There is an explanation why tho first licensees were so good. It is that the Premier of the day gave them careful instructions_ not to go to New Guinea, under threats of pains and penalties, suc-h as that if they went he would turn them into logs of wood or something of that sort. The inference we are invited to draw is that under tho new Govern mentno such instructions were given, no such threats were held out, and that some wicked mariners took an evil advantage of tho good-natured fellows then in power. There are two indis putable facts which throw doubt on this situation. One is that the issuing of these licenses was a purely departmental matter. It is impossible to conceive that any change for the worse took place iu the formalities observed, any more than there was in the manner of issuing rail way time-tables or of selling stamps at the pigeonhole window of the post office. One declines to believe that there was the ghost of a difference between the forms of licenses issued in September and those of similar documents issued in De cember. The other fact affecting this statement is that the Premier now admits that he did not read reports of voyages made by these vessels. He left that task to the officer in charge, who it is quite certain never performed it ; whilst Sir S. W. Griffith was then, as he is now, notorious for his persistent activity and care in reading such records, and was certain, therefore, to find out all about any bad cases. Is it likely, if these captains are the clever fellows they arc said to be, that they would be so scrupulous in their conduct under Sir Thomas M'llwraith and so reckless and wicked under Sir S. W. Griffith ? Com ment is unnecessary. This only, remains to be added, that it is unfair, to use no stronger term, to speak of the atrocities, which undoubtedly were perpetrate:!, as having happened under ' the Griffith regime.' If there was any ' regime' about it, surely it belonged to the former Premier. The M'llwraith Government had a certain -way of doing a certain thing. Their successors continued to follow that order. So far as licensing vessels was concerned, from first to last thc-y were licensed by the Queensland Government of the day without regard to tho particular persons in power ; the practice was established by Sir Thomas M'llwraith, and until thero was tinio for ships to return, reporting themselves in forms which Sir S. W. Griffith could examine, let it be admitted that no one in power knew what had taken place, what nameless horrors had been per petrated. Now for a few words about tho said nameless horrors. AVhat was said against Sir S. A\r. Griffith during tho elections, and of which he complained on Wednes day, was thut the said horrors happened in connection with ships licensed by himself. Sir Thomas M'llwraith said fhis on Wednesday night; said it -was true in fact nnd comment. It was true nnd. it was fulse. It was truo that tho ships' companies complained of -wore licensed under tho Griffith Government. It -was fnlso if the statement was in tended to mean, as it was during the elections, that the Griffith Government had done something different from what their predecessors had done, and that the kidnapping nnd murders which took place 'were natural consequences, and such consequences as had never happened under tho former Government. Some of the persons who made these assertions knew full well what the character of tho trade always had been. Sir Thomas M'llwraith now admits that there was a difference as against himself; that ho never read ships' reports, but that he had found since his return to office, that Sir S. W. Griffith did. lt happened instantly on his reading them that he discovered the honible state of things. Only the law less persons now petitioning for the re prieve of the Hopeful criminals, venture to deny what was done or to justify it. On rending these reports, and discovering what had taken place, Sir S. W. Griffith was not alone in supposing that similar things had happened before ; and he was justified in saying that those brought to light, had happened under u system long carried on by the M'lhvraitli Govern ment. There are 'persons who know that most atroi'iouscrimes were porpotnitedover a course of years preceding the times of the I lopeful voyages. Their perpetrators could bo named if necessary. To deny it. is a piece of falsehood and hardihood, of which only a few persons are capable. It was also a natural thing to say that tho M'llwraith Government were responsible for the system. They had long carried it on, and they neglected sources of informa tion which might have opened their eyes. ThePremiersayshcdidnot docruit his dUty to attend to details, and he kept an officer who did not deem it to be his. Hetween tln-ni the character of the South Sea Island trade remained unknown until Sir S. W. Griffith, displaying a greater curiosity to understand the affairs of his department; discovered the real nature of the recruit ing trade. Let it now be admitted that he licensed certain vessels during the first six months of his administration, that their crews really did all that they are said to have done, and rather more; but it is a parody on history to charge these atrocities against his Government, and to hold guiltless the Government which preceded his, and under which the system grew up. It is grotesque to suppose all this, and much more to suppose, that the entire trade was pure up to ^November, ISSo, aud that it suddenly became what we all know it was, so bad that the world cried shame, excepting a few individuals who wereinterestedin these crimes, either in their perpetration or in the benefits derived from the horrid traffic, and who, with a strange incon sistency, are trying to prove, at one and the same time, by ono and the same class of facts, that the Griffith Government did a highly criminal thing iu allowing si horrible trade in slaves to be carried on by murderers, and at the same time to show that the men caught red-handed in these crimes are persons highly deserving the Queen's pardon. 