' Tests 'for Candidates. Mb. V. Sarin, MX.iL, done him self credit by the manner, in which-ho has answered some questions put to him by the Miners' Association of Gympie. This body of men, in special meeting assembled, by special advertisement called together, in imposing response numbering about a score, r. proceeded to consider the answers to five cutcgorical questions given by the four candidates who have been announced for tho Gympie electorate. Upon the answers given was to depend the important decision as to which couplo of the four candidates the Miners' Association should support. In the voting Mr. Smyth was third on the list. So the old, faithful, tried representative is to bo cold- shouldered because ho is not syco phant enough to surrender his judgement to that of one section of tho voters in his electorate. Wo do not supposo that Mr. Smyth will be so terrified by this re sult that he will refrain from appealing from the decision of the twenty to tho de cision of the wholo body of electors. Tho franchise is wider than any class, or trade section, 'of;' voters. Mr. Smyth will, doubtless,'appeal from iho narrow trade tost to the broader intelligence of tho enfranchised, community. We may assume that as so few miners responded to jhp call, tho process of applying a test to; ihd candidates bad; jiot . tie sym pathy of a. hitge majority of the class. If those , .who -were not present absented themselves because they ob ject to make their support of a man depend, on the exact accordance of his viewsi.'with their own on matters that were • purely of the . class-interest sort, they showed extremely good sense. and good taste. There was a strong difference of opinioti' amongst those who were present as to whether a mere handful of miners,' probably hot more, than one per cent, of the whole number on the field, should take the responsibility of pledging the entire association to a definite course; about, which they were not themselves agreed. Some of those present applauded Mr. Smyth's manliness, and eight of them voted for him, whilst Captain Ferguson got nine votes,. Alex. Pollock eight, and Mr. Chappie five. Opinion was almost evenly divided. But by one vote Mr. Smyth is supposed to be excluded from the miners'support. If this thing were serious, it would be deplorable. But as it was little better than a farce, it may not be regarded with any misgiving or apprehension. The two questions which Mr. Smyth would not answer in the way required were the following ! "1. "Will you introduce or support a measure to reduce the price of miners' rights from 10s. to os?" Answer: "Ho. I at one time thought that the price might be reduced to.os., but since then fresh taxation has been imposed! on other, classes of colonists, and as a miner I am prepared to contribute a fair share towards the revenue of: the colony. I do not think, for the! privileges a miner's right gives the' miner, that the charge is excessive. He' can prospect and take up, land for mining, purposes on any waste Crown land in the' colony; he has. the, right to a residence area of a quarter of ah acre of land'on which to live, and some of these'areas have been sold to business people for good sums of money; he has pou.ee protection, and the necessary Government offices on the goldfield. In "Victoria the miner's right is only os., but he bo3 only a small area of country available for prospecting, and the wages are lower than in this colony. Again, I do not think it wise to say too much about this reduction, as thorp are' hundreds of miners on this field who have- no miners' "rights; as , the mining registrar's returns will show." Question 3To. 2 : " "Will you ■ support a measure to abolish the stamp duty on scrip?/' Answer: "[Ho. My reason-is that a revenue is to be raised, and the burden should be adjusted as fair as possible. The . Government subsidise hospitals, schools of arts, agricultural societies, recreation ' grounds, divisional boards, and municipalities, and in many other ways expend moneys on our gold fields, and in return must raise money. The stamp duty is one easily collected, and as a rule is paid by persons, who, if they can afford to buy scrip, can afford to pay stamp duty. The working miner as a rule does not dabble in scrip; if he goes into a mine he sticks to it for years, so the stamp duty does not fall on him very heavy. I should like you to look up Pugh's almanac for 1S87, page 189. You will there see that all classes of persons who do any kind of business pay stamp duty; in the face of this can we ask that the miners must be singled out as one section of the "community who will not have to pay stamp duty ? Do you" think it possible that any legislature ;-in the colonies would be ablo or willing to pass such a measure?" ' , ''' It is not our primary object just now to discuss the questions of miners' rights ; and stamp duty on scrip. "We are draw- ; ing attention to two things of a different kind. First, the attempt to make a man's entrance into Parliament, or his rot-urn thither, depend on his sentiments regarding matters that are exclusively of interest to one or two- clusses—manual workers or financial speculators. Second, the candid manner in which this attempt was met. Mr. Smyth's answers speak for him: He is made of better stuff than to seek a seat in Parliament by the sacrifice of his personal convictions or his sense of equity. He does not see why the mining industry should be pampered move than other industries. Everybody knows that the State gets -little enough from the gold "which is taken' out of the earth. As for duty stamps on scrip, this is not, the timo to dccreuso taxation in any form. But if it were, has mining scrip any more right to exemption than land transfers ? In either case a transfer of property takes place; the transfcrree expects to make money by his transaction. Is profit on gold "shares less valuable than the same amo'tot of profit on land? But tho main question is; To what extents-may we expect the hands of candidates to he tied by societies "and associations? Wo have teetotallers wanting to hind all of their guilds to support only temperance meni We have politico-religious orders following a similarcourse. 1 We have the' freetraders and protectionists1 taking up' thoir hostile attitudes 'and endeavouring to get men forward'who will1'advocate their respective views. We have farmers' unions " trying to get representatives who will protect their industry. Be tween these different claimants for re presentation a candidate must feel himself to he in a dilemma. Fortunately it often occurs that party interests are held para mount , to class interests. The'crisis comes. The sense of patriotism triumphs over the sentiment of selfishness. Men feel that they are called on to rise to a highcr'plane than that of class interest or local prejudice. It will he so at Gympie. Yoters will, on reflection, see that Mr. Smyth as a free man is a nobler fellow than Mr. Smyth bound by promises and humiliated by concessions, against which his judgement revolts. They will rally to his side when1 the struggle comes.' Some of the members of the association anticipated that. When candidature for Parliament becomes a matter of haggling and bargaining hetwetn eligible men and innumerable societies, independence will have become a skeleton and manliness a ghost, whilst patriotism will be a lost sentiment'. - 