NOT6ANDA. T?n opposition seem detertminedlo destroy their own chances. For the delay in proceeding with the ,ublic business the government are oeltainly not without blame. .They havo mauoged, badly. liun Mr. Dibbs and his friends areo now couitriving to bring the. onus on their own shoulders, by their too evident intention to prevent the Assembly from doing anything. We fino a candidate £40 if he fails to poll a certain proportion of votes at a parliamentary election. -I think a similar principle might be ap. plied in the case of members who bring forward motions of ocnsuro which there is not merely no chance of carrying; but in" favour of which there is little likelihood that even a decent minority will record their votes.: Mr.'Dibbs may porchance succeed in exposing some of the weak points of ministers, but the main effect of his generalship is to demonstrate ,ohe exceeding unfitness of himself and his associates toltake their places. By.ths.bye i. noticed'that the senseless cry of "dissolve' '.was raised in the Assembly on Thursday night by Mr. O'Sullivan. As this is a new parlia. moat elected only a year ago witht the very question before' it for decision which Mr. O'Sullivan and his friends would llave to place before it again, it is obvious that the force of folly can no further go. Lot us have a'dissolution at the end of this session if you like ; but let us first finish its work, and in particular pass an amending electoral bill, reducing the number of members, and either abolishing plumping or having but one representative for each electorate. I have heard of post- mortem examinations, though I have never been the subject of one ; but a case of carrying on a post-mortem business which was referred, to in the Melbourne county court on Wed- nesday seems to stand almost alone. In the course of one of the notions an advertising business card was exhibited. In the centre the card contained a photograph of C. T. Jones, and underneath the following :— DEATHS. JONES.—On the 25th instant, at the Quarries, Ablbotsford, Charles Thomas Jones, asphaltor. Deeply. regretted. Argus and Herald, 26/1/88 . The following notification was printed on the upper portion of the card :— Having fortunately been able to postpone my funeral in con- sequence of the non- production of the ordinary medical cer- tificate, I now propose, notwithstanding my evident decease, as per quoted advertisement, to continue to solicit orders for tar- paving as heretofore, to promise prompt and satisfactory exe- cution of same also, a rendition and collection of acounts in every respect as if I had not left this mundane sphere. For convenience of identification, and to prevent any unauthorised ghost from successfully personating me, my photo. is attached. The premier has the advantage of your humble servant in many ways ; but I have no reason to deplore, as he has publicly deplored, a deficiency of instruction in the noble art of self- defence, so I have the advantage in this respect at least. Not being selfish I am willing without fee or reward to instruct our G.O.M.. whenever he can spend a few" months in Goulburn, stipulating only that befor? his return to Sydney we have a grand exhibition in the academy of music, when oI hope ho willseo have benefited by his studios, as to bhe able to "enock out" Toohoy or Melvillo.in four rounds, and:to suooessfully fight to a finish" the giant loeder of the opposition. ' In some of tle streets tho'etdns surrounding the' fire.plugs re now several inoches highoer than the roadwdy,;'nd if nothing is done to remedy this we hmay have some serious accidntt. 'On the other hand there are places whsore the 'fire-plugs arc covered over, anudthus are out of sight. :It would behwell to attend to this'tlso.", ' Dr.Cortis having moved in the Assembly for a bill against the unauthorised use of the term Doctor by quacks who are not entitled thereto, 'Mr. Melville managed to have tihe house counted out. Mr. rMelville is an undertaker, and of course the quaolks send him the bulk of his supporters, who however can scarcely be called regular oustomore as, besides being stiff 'uns to deal with, they never come again. Tho feeling of fraternity which the undertaker has for the quack is touching in'ltts tenderness, very. A leading resident of Crookwnll is credited with having suggested that if our own government will not attend to the local requirements of the district, the remedy may be found in annexation to Viteoria There are some little dimfcultioe in the way of carry ing out this sucgostion; but, as I beforo hinted,it' looks as if our Victorian friends intended to annex some of our imints. This may answer tlce purpose of our Orookwell frionds, for if the traffic to Tlona and Mount ostigan goes on increasing, it will form a 'strong additional reason for the construetion of the' Orooklwell railway. Atiothor pitched battle comes off te-night botweon tile' ministry 'and the oppnsitionl :orat least that acotlon of 'it hich the Daily Telegraph calls ' tho Wild Oat section." 'his pnrtyc' has no moreu ohaanoof suoeess than' thoe voritabs wild oats of the" 'anlnal klng'ddm would have of successfullynavigating the Great Eastern ;' but they will waste time, which' seems to be the chief object for which they live and move fiudhave theor being. A goftleman who formed one of tio' party tliat visited the Womboyan Caves last week was rather unpleasantly disappointed yesterday morning. He contemplated returning to Sydney by the tourist train leaving Goulcurn station at 5.15 a.m., and for this purpose left his " virtaous coueh" at about four o'clock and proceeded to the station, whore le arrived some time provioua to the starting of tile train. Unfortunately for him, a train whic runs to Queanbeynn was baoked up to tie one bound to Sydney, and the travoller thnlclig ithe whole lino of oarringos formed thie one train, enecoaced lhimselof comfortably in one of the carrinyge and patiently awaited the starting of the train. Ini duo course the tourist train went off, leaving tle wouldboe passenger to Sydney snugly rcolining in a carringo attached to a train bound to Queauboyan. Some minutes after wards tihe disappointed pasenger was made awaro ofI is misadventure, and it may be as well perhlaps to drop the curtain at this stage, ns in all probability the gentleman's feelings were expressed in terms not quite correct, but under the elrcumstanees pardonablo. The premier informed a deputation of theo nnem ployed the ither day that' he saw signs of a. return of prosperity is all parts of the colony, a prosperity. which would open tohe avenues of employment to all. I trust thrat ho s not mistken, nand that when proae pority dces return, all olasseos will mao use of the opportunty to provido against fuitre reverses. Economy is noct a elopiceuous colonial virtue, and colonial. governments are not bonulacels in the ox. ample they set to the peoplo. Thant portion of tile now coourlloo devoted to polle business and c lo mucltifarios fcnction edlon nected with the o2ileo of potty asession, has at legth been f0rnished nad formally opened. Amplo provi. son has'been made for tle tranea0tion ao of bsias. Theo content boetwen the new and the old is great omoe people may tinole t 0oo reat; but at all evonts tire authorities are not in tio ease open to tile ohargo somletimes made gainat them, of not suoloalotly providing for the futoare. ConIlittOlllll PoaclPitses :cloes Ls?c fes. \--Applioncations wore made on Thcrsdtny last as nnder :--At Burrows: Banule of New South Weors, 40 hcres op. and 120 norou o.l,, Bareott; ditto, 80 acros op. and 2t9 aeroal . o al. cnadoo; ditto, 11 acreo op., Cooomingla; Abrahanm Gorl ora, 100 acoan e.p. and 80 roes ol., oWare ; ditto, 100 acreos o.p,, Yarao; Joseph Barton, 10 nores o.p. nod 80 acres lo.], Dals; Isaao Stevrenson, 120 nrn ol.p. and 1(0 ocre, o.lc., Darnett ; Thomas Nowlam, 40 naer o.p. and 120 noros .l,, Nowham; Thonlc a Josephs Antllsooy, 40 anrs o.ll, Oocomingl.--At Qunboyan : Arlchlibanld Me Donald, 10 seres o.p., lr.irs. IotnsI uhVosl's.--R Mr. Jones, road roperinton. deant, hindly sends for thior ilc aton of t pe ublyo le following hlist of toccclu ccoptrd for road wornos in this diutriot :-21n, Coclburhin to Oooma, Ms Alocc and Arntroecg, £11 101/4; In, do. do., William Hoplonts, £101 ; io, Goulbursn to T'rliga, P. Cotollo, £11i /0; c, do. do,, Cnminlson ann i Yanbsloy, £07 10/; On, do. do,, do, do.ia, £ll1 4/; 7n, conlbura ' to Croolowell, James loc Aiclon, £100; 8n, Golbcra vo Upper t'1'arlo aind wolytn, Jonc, ]lrowa, £2g0 1; On, do. do., Oenmoron and o'Vocbloy, £87 14'/1; 10n, do, do., It. Tumbroc, £2.; ,ln, itchlaindo to the Womboyan Oarve, It. Tulobers, £79 ,/ 12n, Main South Bead, clcAloon and Armstrono, A8l 10/. A ocrious bush firs occrreod ccl Saturday on thc Combcaling run, near Tomora. Sixton toos of hby, a largo quunstity of fencing, and muaci graso were Misc O. F. Gordon Cinmmintg, wihcsos boco?0f travel it the Pnoafio are well klunwo, tias bcon grautedl a clvlllst pouslon of ,000 peor aunanl,,,: ,-.:::, 