OUB NOTE-BOOK. . Chillingfcon's position at the end of the race for tne English Derby seems to be a Bonroe of xnnoh perturbation to ' Pen dragon,' for ia another portion of Mb paper he says : ' It is rank nonBense to start a horao to make the pace for his stable companion, unless the stable com panion- tries to keep tip -with him. If he can't then the pace has been made too fast, and the pacemaker would be far better in the stable and away from his companion. II, in a raoo among men— runners or Dioycixats —a man who was set to make a Eace acted by his chum as Gautby acted y Crowberry, he could be regarded as mad, unless, indeed, he was suspected of endeavouring to aerve someone else's interest.' These be bitter words indeed — ir foot they could hot have well been more bitter if the writer had availed himself of a i!ew of the ' 100. to 1 Chillington' offers that were floating about prior, to the start; The following extract from an exchange relative to the start for the Epsom Derby till well repay perusal, even though the scribe appears to have done the 'I am Sir Oracle' business in finding fault with Lord Marcus Beresford, all the more so when we discover that none of the other English sporting papers have alluded to the implied bungle. Who knows ? Per haps the writer did his little bit on Chi}-, lington ' It was all but a quarter-past three when the advance flag was . raised. . The horseB took their place3 aa by lot arranged, aud it looked when- they broke away 03 if they ? were off at. the ?; first attempt. If they had gone then a (good. aeat or -worry would nave Been avoided, and, except that it doeB not do to let horses get away too easily, or anybody might then be starter, it is haid to find a reason why his lordship's lordship did not drop his flag as signal to the advance man. But he did not, and eight out of the nine runners, after going a little way up the hill, made their way back again. Not so the ninth, who kept on until he had passed the road where the City and Suburban horses form. There he allowed S. Loates, who was his rider, to pull him up, and he walked slowly back as far as the white flag, at which he shied, and seemed in nlino^ fr. „-T Via ? ? J. w (ju vu ogom uu uio uuu awvuui| but a man seized him by the bridle and led him to bis place, whence he came'bounding away with the others— only another break away for them, for him a race by himself of full three furlongs. This time he got as far as the second road, right on the crown of the hill, and, being stopped, he was brought baok, partly ridden and partly led, as before. A third try and a third failure, and away again went Chillington, a little further than he had gene on either of the previous oocasions. Then another long wait— for Master Sammy was not going to jeopardise his horse's chance by hurrying him back— and another essay at the post, and for the fourth time sway went Chil lington on what he thought — and what, as he ran on, most of cs thought— was. his homeward jonrney. This time he outdid any of his 'other exploits, 'as he ran well paafc the.mile post, or, seeing how far be-: hind - the Derby start he began at and wneru no musiieu, over a vuuuuaua yaruu. These four little solitary excursions occu pied a couple of minutee less than half an houfc— not a bad display on the part of a horse whose first price was 100 to 1, always on oSiir, in a field of .nine runners. With the eight forlongs he had run- in his three' first endeavours and the walks in between, he had by the end of his fourth term had quite as much as wa3 Rood for him — he had more than galloped this Derby distance— and no wonder cries from tho ring reached our ears of '200 to 1 Chillington 1' ' * * ? Upon my word it is simply ludicrous to raorl tVi* mifocuM Anmmnnfa mai^A Ko flifl ; reau buo rrii&uTvro; uuiumuuva uxauu uy tuo English sporting Press with regard to the \t eight the handicappers have allotted to Minting.' Pendragon/'oftho Ko'/aree, says': — 'With regard to the truly crushing, and, as all good sportsmen must think, intensely cruel impost allotted Minting in the Royal Hunt Cup, it may be as well to give the Jockey Club law with regard to weights in handicaps. Under Rule 4G (iv.) we find that. ' There shall not be a greater dif ference than -l3t. 71b. between the highest and lowest weights in a handicap to which there is a second forfeit.' Thus, in the worda, ' and five if declared' had been added to the words ' halt forfeit,* as we find them in the Hunt Cup conditions, it would not have been possible to make more 4-Vian laf -1tfFai-anrta HnfcarAAn fnn and bottom weight. I am not aware how many first-class handicaps there are without a second forfeit, but should think _ they are few. And the fewer the better if they are | to be used for tho purpose of degrading | racing. Such advantage of conditions has never before been taken, nor does it seem particularly ohivalrous that at a meeting and in a race which both have the prefix i royal, so good a horse should be treated ' thus unkindly. A handicap like that for j the Hunt Cap has never before been issued within the memory of man. I sup pose the authorities thought it better to punish one horse severely for daring to be so very good than to frighten away nearly all the others. In the Northumberland Plate, there being a second forfeit, Minting has to carry only— only ! — 43t. 7lb. above the bottom weight ! As the distance is onlv two miles it is hardly likely that Mr. Vyner will run the great horse, even though he is so leniently treated as compared with the treatment he received at ' royal' Ascot.' And ' Augur,' in the Sporting Life, goes on with the music as follows : — ' There is no second forfeit' for the Koyal Hunt Cup, and the handicapper had therefore a free band with regard to tho recent Kempton Park Jubilee Stakes bero, Minting, a privilege that ke his availed himself of to the fnllest extent. Mr. Vyners colt, as is now well known, has been awarded the orusher of list 21b.' Ah, well, 'twas ever thus. Press sporting, writers are all of the same kidney,'* the wide world over. ? In New South Wales we are continually criticising Mr. J. A. Soarr's handiwork, seemingly oblivious to the fact that he is looked upon (and justly so, too) as the Admiral Rom of this Greater Britain. Why we do so. is a question as complex and .difficult of solution as a Chinese puzzle, unless it be that we are desirous of posing before our countrymen as persons who know bo much better how a handicap should be framed than the prince of handicappers himself. \- * ? m ? As' exemplifying the total disregard of danger evinced by animals when on the scent of prey, the case of a. fox-hunt in the Rhondda (Wales) may be cited. The hunted fox ran from one valley to another, giving the field a four-hours' run over the mountains, finally getting on the Taff Vale rhilway, where the hounds pulled him down; but whilst they were still breaking him up a train came along and killed three and a-half couple, of them. . They were truly ' game to death.' ? m m Friar's Balsam and his splintered jaw has proved a fruitful source of comment for the English sporting papers. And, as usual, something is to be learned by reading the various opinions thereanen't. Thus t correspondent of a London paper points out a similar occurrence took place .in 1884 to a horse named Weltrtahn, the property of the Boyal Stud and Graditz. Weltmatln was a' very hard puller, and was ridden both' ' at exercise and in his \ races in a double-jointed '. egg. mouthed Pelham. He won the Gold Whip a .week ? previous to the Henckel Rennen (German Two Thousand- Guineas), for which event he was a strong favourite. . In his last gallop before the contest he pulled very hard and hung in his bridle, andAe evening before the race, although he had ud»di iv in »u ii io j»w wasiouaa to DO slightly swollen. By fomentation this in flammation was reduced, and as there was no appearance of any injury to his mouth he was started. After running about five furlongs, and whilst rounding a turn, he threw up his head and stopped almost as if Bhot. Just in front of the teeth on the lelt side, and where the bridle would rest, there was a small abrasion of the' skin after the race'. In the course of a day or two an abscess formed between the jaws, and in about a week the sharp point of a splinter of bone ' came through where the skin was broken. In the meantime the abscess had been lanced, and soon after wards the piece of bone was removed. It was about l jin long and nearly Jin wide in the centre, tapering at the ends to irregular points. There was communica tion between the abscess and the splintered jaw, as on injecting the dressing used for the abscess- it ran out of the horse's mouth. It took over three weeks for the wound to heaL Even after the wound healed the horse would not face a thick plain snaffle, so a thiok in&arubber; bit, with a -half-nose band attached to the rings, was used for him. The half-nose band relieved the.bar of the mouth from a certain amount of the pressure, and though the horse never ran again (his legs gave way) he was able to be worked. ?' ? ? Canary, .the pony, who, although twenty three years old, was following the hounds Of -Palln.cV „n;ta v- doing so now for aught we ' know to the/ contrary- has ; held/ the.' record -for high 'jumping inTViitoria, having cleared Sit. lOin in Kirk's Bazaar on one occasion. However, there would seem to be another Richmond in the field, as the other day at che saleyards in Sale (Gippsland) an un broken colt, by Topsawyer out of a Bonnie Dundee mare, cleared a fence 5ft. 5in. high, and continuing his wild career leaped over out of the drafting yard, which is enclosed by timber oft. lOlin. high, without rapping- it, T^^oolt is barely 15 hands high, and what JB-t accomplish with a jockey, on his ^ be matter for conjecturo. W ?m ? *£' Tfae good people of Sandhurst soita never to tire of honouring Mr. AUrea Josephs. After electing him mayor ot the city thijy have now unanimously placed him in the position of president of the Bendigo Hos pital. It is very sad, is it not, my masters, to find a good bookmaker also a good citizen ! ? ? ? How is this for high? 'Natator,' of the Charters Towers Timcsl having heard that the jockey O'Neill in the presence of a number of people in Townsville admitted that out of nine times he had ridden Gold stain eight of them had been 'stiff,' while the other one was to win, whioh he could not help— deoided, before giving publicity to the utterance, to have it verified. 'That verification,' he says, 'has now come forth, as Mr. Aubrey assures me he heard O'Neill make use of the words men tioned above.' We suppose it is only another case of the ' eternal fitness ' business to have tropical things transpiring in tropical climates, and certainly O'Neill's assertion is about as warm as they make them. ' ? » ? Mr. Barnard (says our Melbourne corres pondent) has provided sportsmen with additional matter for discussion. First it was the Melbourne Cup and Caulfield Cup, and now we have the Grand National list before us. Blue Mountain was very pro perly plaoed at the top of the list with 12at 71b, and as soon as the weights were declared the son of Croagh Patrick was backed in a host of doubles for the Hur dles. Soobie, however, did not like the handicap, and consequently scratched his crack for all his Flemtngton engagements. Ellerslie has been allotted 12st 51b, but good as Mr. Phillips' horse undoubtedly is, I rather inoline to the belief that the burden is tco muoh to enable him to catch the judge's eyo, especially when tho dis tance is three miles. Again, his owner may eleot to start him over the heavier country with 81b less to carry. The Yeo man ianks next with 12st lib, and he deserves every ounce of it. Should Mr. Sam Cooko strip him again this year it is not unlikely that he may add another laurel to his name. Jumping does not trouble him the least bit, and he is put together so well that his impost will hardly trouble him at the end of the three miles. The stable has a second string in Cyclops, who) possesses all the pace neces sary to accomplish such a feat, but the Question is can he 'fence ??' That he can stay we' have had ample proof, and few will forget the merry dance ho led the field nearly all the way in the Champion Race won by Matchlock, Ocean has list 91b, a very different handicap to what he won with a couple of years ago, and those who know him best declare it too muoh to get home with. With the same weight. Dra gon, whois well known on your side, reads better ; there are doubts expressed about his staying, but judging by the, way he won last SDrinc T hAVfl n. vapv flom'/lnH *,« tioh that he will be with them all the way if he should start. Malna, the great Malua, I should say, has been leniently enough- treated, but Mr. Barnard would 'not ' have been justified in giving Mr. Inglis' horse a big handicap. He has been three years doing stud duty, and when last, he appeared in public he seemed to have lost his old dash. No one really knows whether he has been schooled or not. It is generally understood that Mr. Inglis intends to have a cut in for the flat race, in which I should nrefer his ohance with 9at. 121b., over 1J mile. Sir Lauccelot is a reefing, fretfnl brute, who will hardly finish at the end of a fast three miles with list. Clb'. in the saddle. Last year, he was tiring fearfully coming up the straight, and came to gr-iss at the last obstacle. Yarraman is one of the best hurdle racers in Victoria, and, albeit .we have not seen him tested, over three mile's, yet he is such a brilliant, clever jumper ? that, given anything like -his autumn form, whatever beats him. should about win. He' is a strong wear and tear customer, so that list. 51b. is about what he is well capable of carrying. Leroy may be the chosen one' of Messrs Gill and Wilson's string. He has won under heavy handicaps both on the flat and over hurdles. list 51b won't trouble him, but I imagine the distance will find him out. The stable's other string, Oculist, has a similar impost. If wnMAvf V\e% flia frtWm Am Sa tkn horse of the two. Lep'orello belongs to the lucsy 'time-payment ' sportsman, and has shown us' his abilities oyer two miles, but another' mile seems beyond his tether. King of the West hails from the western district, which has sent us a' number of good cross-country horses — Ocean amoogat them. He has the reputation of being good at the 'illegitimate .game,' and as his age and pace are right, the great event may go down to his credit,' Qaicklight is a favourite of mine, and he has a nice racing weight ; if he can get the distance ' ne is sure to give a guuu account or nun self. Voltaire hails from New South Wales. ^ I do not fancy him too well in the company, he will have to mee't on August 4 with 10st 101b up. . Cyclops I have al ready referred to. Recall is a ' maiden,' but he belongs to Mr ' Bob' Orr, who is one of the keenest generals in the Ballarat country. This horse was a decided failure on the flat, but rumour says he has been ?well schooled and jumps cleverly. Boolka. made* a record for Australia over a mile. In ; his relent performances he has not shown any of his once brilliant form. ' At Caulfield a few months since the old fellow went very' proppy. Under these oiroumstances I feel disposed to run the pen through his ' name. St Louis has 10jt 91b, Frolic a like im post, but both are novices. Victim is in Scobie's stables also, and he is big enough to carry lOit 91b, but careering over six furlongs is quite a different thing; to racing . three miles over hurdles. Incident is in with lOat 61b ; he belongs to Mr. O. Wil son, and haB once or twice performed well. I don't think he is capable of holding his own in ' Town Hall ' company. The same remark applies to The Victim. Oxford won like a racehorse at Elsternwiok Park a Saturday or two ago, and with 10st 51b in the saddle he must have more than an out Bide chance. Digby Grand is credited with great paoe, and if he can only jump as well he should be one of the best outsiders. Whitefoot, a son of King Arthur, is a brilliant horse up to a mile on the fiat, but the tribe can jump, and Mr. A. Selman paid 495 guineas for him a short time since.^ I know nothing of his jumping capabilities. Bonnie Chester is a maiden, and so is Silverton, who was bred in Tasmania, and purchased for j£800 by Mr. William Bailey about two years since. Those who profess to know declare he can get over anything. The difficulty, however, backers labour under is to get at the correct pea from this dangerous stable, there being no less than a half-dozen still left in ; lOat. 21b. should su't this really good colt. Podus Okus has won a race or two in moderate company, and £«t. 101b. is light enough at any rate. From' this horse to the last on the list there are nine, who, on public form, can not have a ghost of a chance. The winner should oome from The Yeoman, Yarraman, and the best of the Ballarat division. ? . In the Steepleohase Blue Mountain was plaoed at the head of the list; 12 at. 131b. is a huge weight to carry over the big course, whioh mav account for Scobie's scratching him. Kangaroo has 12st. 101b., which is quite in keeping with his merits. Kelly has him in hand now. Though it is said thorn has been trouble with his leg, ' the Caulfield trainer may succeed in get ting him to tho post. The game little Ruby is asked to carry 12st. 71b., and if she can win with it she would jrank as the very best mare that Flemington has seen. Merader, the giant,, has 12st. 21b., and Royal Oak 12st.; contemplating their feats over the big timber under heavy handicaps one cannot honestly take exception to their imposts. I prefer Mr. Pearson's horse, but there is not muoh to choose between them. The' Irishman has only 21b less than Royal Oak, whom I consider at least a stone better horse over that country. Ellerslie does not stride one as being well served with list lllb. It is olaimed that he might have won in Sydnoy but for an' accident, but the argument loses its force when the calibre of the horses, the distance, and the character of the country to face at Flemington are taken into calculation. Dragon, with list 91b, should hold Mr. -Phillips' horse safe. Studley is alongide toe grey, and a couple of years ago he would have been rushed with only llBt 91h on his baok. I have alwayB had a prejudice against him, bo that just now I would not have him at any prioe. Mr. Charles Krushka's Beads can ' get has rather muoh at and Voltaire have strike naturally pause at bestride deer, fast the full he ? 10 Adeline a very d' the way; and things than that The have muoh re not get in ? be sha see nothing Mernder, Fla handicappc framing a satisf not think have a look bracketed ia prefer hi1. Gardei 8lb respectiv. ; Meteo e, Pakeha; Whitefoot G ran after. threatening Wollongoon, with did not a v he can (ret over the ran second with Orr scored a viotort^^^^^^^^^H with the aid of —Grace. Dick X Smith's Summer, win a Grand Natie Forester (Victoria) and rolled over was not seriously performers went piece ^ de resistance, Adeline, who has -justify, her reputation^^^^^^^H to'l, and the i'asmania^^l^^^^^l in demand at 4's. Th 8 to 1. Mineral ran At the back the second^^^^^^^^| man, ridden- by Malom^^^^^^^H Shamrock, and the pair^^^^^^^H last fences at a tremend the two landed safely Beadsman came away of lengths. Landshark auoh horses as these fill little for those behind Rice went to Whisperer^^^^^^^J to 4 on. Brunette, the aho backedj-'but cut Markie rewarded her cleverly -winning the Sell^^^^^^B | old Roulette, who ran gatr^^^^^^B Only five started for the .^^^^^^B Harrie Smith's black . considered the best ofalfl^^^^H winner turned up in Car'ru^^^^^H Earnest filling the places. ? - Dearie anil Stansbury's r of it may. safely be said very best struggle of its kin^^^^^^^^| the Parramatta championsh-^^^^^^H| more by token it was rowed^^^^^^^H time by a long way that done in a match over that of water, which hath so often^^^^^^^| and blown . and bragged South WelshOrs— er X mean I told all you people about before the Searle-Wulf match . 1 two lads, Stansbury and Seari two wonderful good bits of stufi of them was almost certain to tu^^^^H champion. This has been ampl.^^^^B to be correct by the splendid perf^^^H in last .Friday's race, but as to most likely to be ohampion we are;^^^^| mmd, nearly as muoh in the dark fore. Though Searle had enough sleeve to respond to the other's the end^ and row away from him a I question very muoh if he had great deal in hand at the finish. bury was very far from ' all brol^^H when he finished, audit was not that 1 pumped dead out, but that he could r^^^B fast enough that he lost the race. awfully ugly dropping of the left sho.^H as he finishes his stroke and his pain^^B Blow recovery were two very strong fac^^| in the'Shoalhaven lad's defeat. ^^B Mind I am not for one moment attei^H ing to detraot one iota from the splend.^| finished performance of. Harry Sea-]H which was alike creditable to himself his clever mentor, Neil Matterson, but I ifl remembering that Jim Stansbury is too fcfl to be at his best at twenty years Of a^H whereas Searle, at twenty-two, is probabH as good as he will ever be physical^ fl being . of a natty, compact build. T^fl years is a big handicap at the ages of thdB lads, so that, as I have said, I am y doubt as to whioh will be most likely for championship honours successfulh^Hn both have matured and Stansbi^Hws been taught style and finish. ^^Hfwn private opinion is that Stansbu^HTl, in say three years time, be ah* - ? ''ejthe result. of Friday's race- ^^^^^^^Fftuan time he must not exh»,««^^^^v /-is/and make himself old before ,~fy/long and arduous training ^'fought matohes. If he will be ,to go to work and only take ordinar^^Bcnig exer cise, learning to sit his bbaMfcifortably, row .without lurohing, and refoVer quiokly, he will, with the perfeot knowledge he now has of the way to make the most of his weight and strength, prove a lovely sculler, and one that should .be a bit more than a match for the next best man. # ? # ? In thp . meantime we should not overloeK the fact that in Harry Searle we possess as ' grand a bit 'of stuff Hun also, Hie line, and then IraoofflHEeDaoKsos^^ Rn the collision* with him that he -noa 'unable to seoure the ball or prevent Tange! from dribbling over and seouring the try.' , It is probable that there will be consider-/ able alteration in the team for next Satujfj day, and whoever plays at half will haw] to see to it that they feed Colquhoun a w more than was done last week. Wade iefl wonderfully successful runner and all thn but that is no reason why our crack pi shot and dodger should not have a ohasl given him to score, as he generally wil. 'j when given the opportunity. We will want our very best team, and want them ' in their proper places if we are to win this seoond matoh. There 'is some talk of putting Falliek back and bringingJBayliss up to three- quarter. Madness ! He is the safest and best, indeed thq only reliable baok we have, and it would be folly while we have ' Watkins and .Burnett to , choose from to ring the changes in suoh an un desirable way. ? '? ? ? ^Donation Libeau was up to see us on Monday, and I was sorry to notice that he still carries his right arm in a sling, and has two black eyes and the bridge of his nose in plaster. The out on the back of his i head has healed up nicely, but, judgingjfl by the scar, it must have been a bad cuw The man is as game as they aro wtfms, however, and means to go for the WsyHg Handicap at Botany to-day, in spito/JWcbQ fact that he has been . pretty oonai^ ^Kbly sat upon by the 'handicapper. Aft/^Bthat ^^^HiW^ffftand, who owns Ayr-- ? ^?^isanother exemplification of the truth- of the Scriptural affirmation that unto him that hath shall be given. So far as the English season had advanced at the- : ' date of last advices, the Derby winner, - , Johnny Morgan, and Donovan had in~ ' / creased his banking account by some ? X15.610. . ? ' i. / 