FAITH AND UNFAITH; WHICH SHALL WIN? BT INA LEON CAS SHIS, uthor of "Between Midnight and Dawn," " Strangely Wooed—Strangely Won," Ac., Ac. " In Love, If Love be Lore, i r lore be ours. Faith and Unfaith can ne'er be equal powers.". CHAPTER XXIL It was past nine that night when Ernest Stewart returned home, and Dulcie, as usual, ran ont to meet him. ' Yon ought to have gone to bed, my child," he said, aB he led her into the drawing room. "Have you had a pleasant evening?" " Not very. I wanted Beryl, but Ella said she was busy. I shall go to-morrow and see why she couldn't come; I didn't care for Ella." 1 Nor do-1 care for her much, Dalcie. Now, dear one, you mast go to bed. You have been sitting up BO late the laBt few days." He kissed her fondly, and disJiissed her, and then, left alone, he sat down and covered his face. Beryl!" he whispered, "are yon lost to me? What oan it mean? Great Heavens! What can it mean ?" The business that took him to town that day was concluded earlier that he had expected; bnt in returning he had alighted at a station short of Thornleigh, for he felt restless, and wanted the longer walk home. The road led him by a cross cut through Felton'a Dingle, and ne struck in among the trees with no thought of seeing anything but a equiirel, or hearing anyth'ng bat a bird twittering in its dreams; but suddenly, as he went onwards, his footsteps noiseless on the moss-covered ground, he heard the murmur of a man's voice not far from him. Involuntarily he stopped, and looked throngh the intervening leaves towards the place whence the sound proceeded. He saw in tbe twilight a man's figure, slight and young, aud close by this another figure, a woman's, leaning against a tree. There was something familiar about this woman's form. He gazed at it steadily; was he dreaming or mad ? He pressed his 'hand to his heart, his brain felt dizzy. Beryl here! talking to a man she must have met by appointment—for the woman was Beryl. He distinctly recognised now the lithe, graceful form, the pose was Beryl's own. Who was the man? Why did she meet him? Even at that moment the man turned and walked away from Beryl; then the girl moved forward quickly, but stopped suddenly, seemed to listen, and, retracing her steps, disappeared among the trees farthest from where Stewart stood. And for many momenta he stood there still, Beryl meeting a man by stealth. Was this, then, the trouble that- oppressed her, in which he, Ernest Stewart, could give her no help ? ThiB why her eyes had drooped and her cheek coloured under hiB gaze this morning? The man could hardly be a lover in the present; there was no parting embrace", not even a hand olasp, and there was something of contemptuous defiance in Beryl's attitude. Was it some girlish entanglement of years past that had come up like a ghost to haunt and distress her ? But Ernest Stewart's heart revolted from such a thought in connection with Beryl. Folly like this was foreign to her nature; at sixteen she would have no more dreamed of love and lovers than at twelve; even if there had been some episode of the kind in her girl days, it wonld have left her free from blame, free from the need, years later, of clandestine interviews. Yet again and again rose the agonizing question — What could it mean? Doubt Beryl? Nol But there might be no wrong in her, even though she should meet a lover clandestinely. She had given her heart, perchance, to a man too poor to make her hiB wife, whom her father would not receive, or of whose very existence he knew nothing, and for the old man's sake Beryl met this lover sometimes in secret. Yet lovers wonld scarcely part as these two had parted; and until the last few days nothing in Beryl's whole tnein and bearing had suggested that Bhe had anything on her mind. She had spoken that evening at the Grange of a " foreboding" only. She had no idea of the nature of the trouble she dreaded; and she was incapable of falsehood; therefore, this difficulty was tomething she had not anticipated, had had no 'ground for anticipating On the way home from the Dingle, in the solitude of hia study, Ernest Stewart revolved every possibility that could place a woman like Beryl in such a position as this, and could find no solution of the mystery. The thought that ehe was risking her good name in this gossiping country place was well nigh unendurable to the man who loved her. She was in trouble, and could not or would not come to him, and he wastongnetied after her reply to him that morning; he had no right to try and force her confidence; he must not even warn her; he could not tell her what he had seen; and what if other eyes than his had eeen her too? This might not be the first tin e ehe had met the man. Already her fair name might be at the mercy of some scandalmonger. Yet he could do nothing—nothing, at any rate yet. Meanwhile he must strive not to let Beryl perceive any change in him. Anxiously that night Ella sought her sister's pretence and asked her what had pasBed, and Beryl told her briefly. The other clasped her hands. "But, Beryl, where oan we get the money ? "Idon't know. It is just possible that I may raise it on the thousand pounds Aunt Jane has promised. I am going to London to-morrow to ask a lawyer about it; but I bave little enough of hope." Beryl had scarcely left Thornleigh by an early train the next day when Dulcie's pony carnage drove np to Dell wood, and the girl ran into the dining-room. "Beryl has only just gone," said Ella, kissing the girl; " she went to town to buy some things." " Oh, dear! when will she be back?" "In the afternoon, abont 3 o'clock, I fancy." "Then I will come again," said Dalcie; " I mast not stay now. 1 wanted so mnch to see Beryl." And away ehe went. Just outaide Woodbine Cottage she stopped her pony carriage to shake hands with Viotor Langdale, and Mies Roupell, looking ont of the window, emiled to herself. "Running after Beryl again, eh!" she soliloquized. "I fancy your father will slop that very soon, my dear. I will call in Mr. Langdale, and warn Mm. Really, he ought to know the sort of pranks Beryl is playing." She hurried to the door, and called out to Langdale, as Dalcie drove off. The young doctor turned with secret impatienoe; he could not afford to offend Miss Roupell, for she might have ir jured him with some of his p&tientB;, but he wished her at Jericho, nevertheless. "Good morning, Miss Roupell," he said, going up to her and shaking hands. " I'm rather in a hurry." " It won't detain you long," she answered — Mies Roupell'e "not long was generally half an hour at the least—"but I wish to speak to you; there iB something you ought to know. Come in for a few minutes, will jou?' Langdale obeyed reluctantly. Some senseless bit of gossip, of course. He supposed people like Miss Roupell were created for the same reason moBqnitoes were—to be a pest. Miss Ronpell led the way into her parlour, carefully dosed the door, placed a chair for Langdale near the window, aa being farthest removed from the keyhole, seated herself in an opposite chair, and looked at the doctor solemnly. " Well?" he said, forcing a smile, " I am all attention." But Miss Roupell was not going to discount the value of her news by plunging in media,) res. She would lead np to the .climax, as a careful dramatist piles np tbe agony to the trand situation in the fourth act. So she folded her bands, then smoothed out a wrinkle in her gingham gown, folded her bands again, looked out of window, up at the ceiling, and down on the floor, and at length Of course, Mr. Langdale, other people's family affairs are not my concern. I dislike very much to mix myself np witb them, and I never do if I can help it; but sometimes, yon know, an accident places ycu in a false position. Isn't it so ? :> "Exactly!" said Langdale, thinking of a railway accident, in which sometimes a luckless passenger gets jammed in a coachwindow, ana connecting this position with Miss Ronpell, the latter being the coachwindow. " Well, tbat has been my case; it is most unfortunate, but still it has so happened, and I thought you ought to know, because of your connection with the family." " With what family ?' aeked Langdale, a little bewildered. " The family at Dellwood, my dear sir. I see you are in a hurry"—for Victor made an involuntary movement of impatience—" so I will not detain yon ; bat I thought you ought to know. There may be no harm, but of course it loots bad, and people will talk." " Yes," said Langdale, desperately. " Perhaps yon will hardly believe me. but let me aBk you if you know where Miss Yorke was last evening." " Do you mean EUa"i'' Oh ! dear no. Beryl." "No, I was not at Dellwood last evening," "Indeed ? Then, Mr. Langdale, aa a friend, I tell you this"—ehe bent forward to give tbe announcement full force, "at 7 o'clock last evening Beryl Yorke was in Felton's Dingle in the company of a stranger — a male stranger." Langdale bunt out laughing. My dear Mies Roupell! Some chance pedestrian who asked her the way, or something of tbat sort." " Mo. Mr. Langdale," replied Miss Roupell severely. " It was not that. I had been to see a friend at Felton, and I was returning through the wood. As I was nearing the stile that leads into the meadow I heard a man's voice. I naturally paused and endeavoured to discover where the man was, and at last I fonnd an opening through which I could look. There, in a little glade, I saw a man. His back was towards me; bat he seemed to be a young man. Opposite to him stood BeryL I distinctly recognised her; and she had on, too, a dress and bat she often wears—a dark serge dress: yon could not mistake her figure, could you! Just as 1 peeped the man turned away, and I heard him say 'Good night.' Then I hurried away also, for fear Beryl should see me." 'Is that all?" said Mr. Langdale, quietly. •All!" cried Misa Roupell, "all.'" She held her breath, and stared blankly at the audacious speaker, " My dear Mias Roupell," said he, rising, you surely don't ask me to believe that Beryl makes assignations? The idea is ridiculous. You saw her speaking to a man, and the man went away and Baid 'goodnight,' as any stranger might. It was, without doubt, some one she met by chance." " Ob, indeed!" said Miss Roupell, bridling : " of course if you are satisfied of that, there is nothing more to be said, /don't want to make mischief—no one can say that of me; but, of course, everybody wouldn't be so easily satisfied." "If 'everybody' knows it, Miss Roupell, it will be through you," said Langdale pointedly. "And all the village knows that Beryl's worst faults are being wild and tomboyish." "Jam the last person, Mr. L&npdale;, to spread evil of any one," said Miss Ronpell, with dignity; "at the same time, I will say frankly that I have not your lenient opinion of young women who go tearing all over the country, at all hours too, and I think it a pity Miss Yorke is so much with the Stewarts. He is a rich man, and of course people will say things; I have heard them eaia, and of course in Dr. Yorke's position it is not pleasant that his daughters should be talked about." Langdale's hand was on the door now. " It is really absurd," he said, " that any snch ideas should be associated with Beryl. Excuse me, MUB Ronpell, I am in a hurry," And he made hia escape. But he was offended and annoyed. Miss Ronpell would go talking all over the place about Beryl meeting a man in Felton's Dingle, Beryl ought to be more carefaL He would warn her. And an hour later Beryl was having her only hope, if hope it could be called, struck from under her in the office of a solicitor in Lincoln's Inn. " My dear young lady, your security is nil. No one would lend you £100 on such a vague contingency. If by chance some disreputable usurer did, it would be at a ruinous rate of interest, say 60 cr even SO per cent." "And tbat I could not pay," said BeryL She rose, and laid her fee on the table. " Thank you for your advice. I thought the chance was all but worthless; still it was worth trying." And she bowed and took her leave. The solicitor stroked his chin and wondered how it came to pass that a charming, wellbred girl like this could be in such urgent want of £500. "Pcor girl!" he said to himself, "some spendthrift brother, or lover, maybe. A very striking face. I wonder who the is ?" 