The New Parliament. SiB'S. !W. Geiffith. Sir S. W. Griffith/was born in Walea. aniis no w about 44 years of age. He was one of the most raeqenfal studentB at the Sydney rUni veisily, andlssfor al " * " man at tne yueenaiand. bar. He first entered Parliament in 1872, and has represented North Brisbane for 10 years. He was a .member of one or two Governments prior to the MT1 wraith Government, duting whose term of office'he led the Opposition.. He made himself '-im mensely popular during a part r of. Tiffiat period by bringing to light certain trafiKfcticbs in steel rails, the controversy on which'will: be remembered. Since November 13,1883, be has been Premier of Queensland, with a.'powerful following. His administration has been marked by the passing of several great laws and by the revision of some, old ones.' He may be said'to have placed the Bystem of local government pre* vailing here on its present broad and safe foot, ing. He was -returned for North Brisbane again on Saturday last. Sib,Thomas M'Ilwbaith.v, Sib Thomas M'Ilwbaith was born.at Ayr, in Scotland, in 1835. On his first airivaMn Australia he followed the profesaon of acini engineer, and was subsequently a successful contractor for railways in Victoria. OhMna coming to Queensland he engaged in squatting pursuits, and though up to that time he had belonged to, and for some time afterwards fol lowed, the Liberal party, he subsequently joined the political merinos and became ,their leader. He was Premier of tbe Government whicb reigned from January, 1879,toNovember, 1883\. No measures of any importance wen originated by that Government; its administra tion being memorable chiefly for projecting land* grant railways, for large sales of public land, for the introduction of coloured labour, and- for 6ome other acts which made greit Btir rpt the time. His party was woefully defeated at the general election of 1883, and from.that time till now Sir Thomas has taWen only an irregular part in politics. He resigned his'seat in the last. Parliament, having lost nearly all his followers. Ho was returned <it the headof the poll at the recent election for North Bris bane. . , , Mb. WV ILi'Gsook. ' * Mr. Groom has represented Toowoomba, the place of his residence, for upwards of 25 years, and.has now been returned again at the head of the poll, after, perhaps/ thehardest fight that he ever had. Mr. Groom is proprietor-.and editor of the -Toowoomba : Chronicle,'& faithful Liberal paper of- high tone and- great influence. At the commencement of last Parliament hewaa elected Speaker of the Assembly, and in every way he has justified the choice then made./;') : Mb. F. T. "Wimble. .-/v; Mr. Wimble is from the hub of tbe universe —that is, from London. Nearly 20 years'ago he came out to Melbourne, and engaged jin the manufacture of ink. He subsequently founded in Sydney a good business for the sale of:type. Five years ago he sold out that business at a large figure and went to Cairns and bought land with a view to settling there. He-is now " proprietor and editor of the "'Chiriu Post,: a paper running strongin;, .the Liberal interest, and is one of- the best con* ducted of northern papers. Mr. Wimble:bju beaten an old resident of Cairns—ifany res dent can be said to be an old one—Mri Kings ford, and will make a valuable supporter of Sir 8\. W. Griffith. •. Mb. John Stevenson. 'Mr. John Stevenson is from Scotland/as all the land should know. Ho is.a member of,foe firm of Morebead and: Co., and always ranks in politics with pure merinos. ;In .1875 .h.e was elected for Clermont, and for that constituency has been returned for tbe ensuing Parliament. Mr. Stereneon does not 6hine in the House,/not from want of ability or public spirit, but . for want of form. He is pugnacious" in a* bad sense, one in which he makes enemies of friends, and needlessly so. He is still comparatively young, and if he took seriously to. politics, dropping the offensive manner, in* which he usually speaks to and of his opponents, would yet succeed above many. He i9 a strong and faithful member of the M'Hwraith party. Mb. R. Aland. , Mr. Aland had a narrow escape of befog a Londoner, having been born at Clapton! in 1833\. In his bright young days became to Sydney, and in 1855 he came to Brisbane, and began life in Adelaido Btreot, in tf.Horiey Moon Row." Subsequently/ he entered com mercial pursuits at Toowoomba, and jointly with Mr. Groom has represented that town and district since 1881. Mr. Aland is a faith ful follower of the Premiers, but a man who stauds on his own feet when necessary. He is shrewd and practical, ready and pleasant of speech. If Mr. Aland does not always look at E otitic* on their serious sido, it is because he as a keen eye for a comic line or fonn,/and will not dony himself the chance for a joke. Ho is a most faithful representative of his con stituents, and a good member of the House. ^ Mb. Walteb Adams. Mr. Adams is now trending towards old age, he being nearly 60 years old. Ho hails from Somerset, a county which has not produced any considerable number of great men, and so tojtj honour it owns Mr. Adams. Ia the district where he resides Mr. Adams has been|a flourish ing innkeeper, and time and his calling have dealt gently with him, for he is a hale looking man. ^ On the retirement of Sir Thomas M'Hwraith in 1886, Mr. Adams succeeded him as representative) for the Mulgrave, and far Bondaberg— a part of the old constituency —so low is the Liberal cause, and so low is publio spirit, that he has been returned without opposition. During last Parliament ho voted with the Opposition, and is now pledged to vote in the M'Hwraith interest. Mr. Adams is one of the humble members of the House who always count in divisions; but at the sumo time ho does not negleot his district, if that is a credit. His friends know and love him as "."Watty" Adams. Mb. Matthew Mkt.lob. Mr. Mellor is a Staffordshire man, and that is saying a great deal in his favour. Ho is about ;60 years of age. His early life was devoted to farming pursuits, and on his arrival in Queens land ho took to his old calling, on the Logan. .He became one of the first residents of Gympie .after the discovery of gold there, and was the first Mayor of that town. He has long held a .considerable interest in some of the prosperous •mines at Gympie. In 1883 he was returned as .senior member for Wide Bay, and has now been returned as junior member for Gympie. In the House Mr. Mellor watches all things, but actively en gages chiefly in raining and farming matters ! which come before the Assembly. Ho is a self- | possessed, quiet man, of practical ways, and a faithful supporter of the Liberal party as at present composed. Mb. A. Morgan. Mr. Morgan has hardly yetlost the bloom of youth. He wosstilleatingpapanddriiikingmilk when some other colonists—when Mr. Groom for instance — first entered Parliament. He is native born,-one of our own rearing. His father was proprietor and editor of the Warwick Argus : so is tho son. His father, represented Warwick in Parliament, so does the Bou." He was returned for the first tuno to.tho last.Parliament in the place of, .-Mr. Horwitz, resigned. Mr. Morgan has' yet to show what is . in him. In his first contest he . beat "Mr. 7 Allan, - a ' popular , man, and how he has beaten another local celebrity. Plainly Mr. Morgan has some force of character, and may tie expected to make a good member. .He", thoroughly believes in the via recta—the ghost which haunts Toowoomba—and in Sir S. W.' Griffith. This is only a note, not a chapter in Mr. Morgan's history. We must make history bofore it can be written. Mb. "Williaai Smyth. • Mb. Smyth is a Sydney boy, and is a genuine Smith, though be spoils his name with a "y" instead of spelling it in the usual way. He is 43 years old. At the early age of 23 he made his way to Gympie, determined to carve out his fortune or die in the effort. From engage ments in mines he became a mining manager, and a mineowner of the more successful sort. He alto took kindly to the timber business. He was returned a9 a representative of Gympie in 1883. In, the Houso Mr. Smyth sits behind the Treasury benches as at present occupied, and well up * to fore, to show that he gives no half-hearted support to the Liberal party. He usually confines his addresses in the Assembly to those questions of which ho has a thor oughly practical knowledge, always speak ing forcibly and to. the point. He re cently* visited Europe to promote some ■mining ventures, and on his return it was re-. ported that he had lost the confidence of his constituents. That has proved to be & mistake, since at bis present election he heads the poll, severely defeating the Opposition candidate. Mb. E. J. Stevens. \- • Mr. Stevens, who haB now been returned un opposed for the Logan, represented that elec torate in the late Parliament. At his election -then he polled 445, against 429 polled by his opponent, Mr. M'Lean. But his career in Parliament havirg been so satisfactory to his .constituents, thero was no contest this time, although the electorate has grown, and there .now are in it 1,004 voters. Mr. Stevens, who ;is in middle life, has for some years been en gaged in squatting pursuits, but has never allied himself closely with what is known as the squatting party. His seat . in the House has . always been as far down on the Opposition cross-benches as possible, separated from the Ministerial cross o&nchcs; only by the passage. It is generally understood that his personal sympathies are .with the party in power. He has been returned as an Independent member, bat his indepen dence is not robust. Mr. Stevens is a man of gentlomanly bearing and of known commercial uprightness. He seldom speaks in the House, but when be does it is with tho intelligence and quiet manner which otherwise mark the man. He is a useful representative, and in personal character a credit to Parliament. Mb. J. F. Anneab. Mr. Annear is a host in himself, ho is a typical "cousin" Jack. He is 46 years old, and one has only to see him to note that for tune mado some mistake in taking up the work of nature, when sho took up Mr. Annear. Be is one of those undeveloped forces which one occasionally meots with, and which cause surprise that they have done so well, and Btill more that they have not done better. Nature in tended Mr. Annear to he a speaker, and in all gravity it may bo stated that ho has some of the marked and indispensable qualities of a i great orator. The wonder is that they are generally used so well in tho absences of their complementary and balancing forces. He, yearn ago commenced the business of a contractor at Maryborough, and is beyond dispute tho most popular man in that town. He was first returned to Parliament during the lifetime of tho last HouBe, and always sat well up on the Govern ment bencheB. His great iofiuenco in Mary borough has had not a little to do with the defeat of an old Parliamentarian, Mr. King, and the victory of his present colleague, Mr. Hyne. John Annear is not a talkative mem ber, but when he does speak, it is as if he believed every word spoken and oxpeotod everyone lis- I toning to do the same. Mb, "W. Pattison. I Mr. Pattison is said to have "been horn in I Tasmania, and the name in one or other of its 1 spellings is well known there. A beautiful. stretch of the country on the northern side ia, J if wo znistako not, called Pattison's Plains, and a principal street in Launceeton is called Patti son street. "We are not quite sure ahout the spelling. Mr. Pattison for many years pursued an honest vocation up northward, and by one of those raps of fortuno said to coine once at every mitn'u door Mr. Pattison obtmned shares in the great Mount Morgan mine, and hence the accumulation of a largo fortune. On Mr. Archer's resignation of his seat in tho _ last Parliament for Blackall, Mr. Pattison was returned, and now the two are returned for Bockhampton proper. Mr. Pattison sits on the Opposition side of the House. He is Raid to have a great admiration for Sir S. "W. Griffith, but not for his policy; and not to have a great liking for the other loader, hut to admire his policy. This Is, perhaps, a doubtful compliment to Mr. Pattison, for it is well known that the Premier's policy is rather a comprehensive one, whilst no one has ever seen the other. Mr. Pattison when in the House confine b his attention, almost exclusively to municipal subjects, and not having in any fair sense the gift of speech usually treats tho House to golden silence. Mb. A. Arches. Mb. Archibald Archer is from Fife, in Scot land; theonlycountrythatownssuchaFifo. Mr. Archer was born in 1810, and came to Australia ho long since as 1812. Subsequently coming to Queensland, he engaged in pastoral and com mercial pursuits, making himself so well known and esteemed at Kockhampton that he was re turned as a member for that town in 1867. Under the late M'llwraith Government he was Colonial Treasurer and also Secretary for Public Instruction. Recently he visited Europe, having first resigned his seat in Parliament. On his return he was at once thought of as a candidate for his old constituency, and for it he has been returned by a substantial vote. He may be relied upon to support Sir Thomas, but is not a demonstrative follower. Those who know Mr. Archer best esteem him most as a man of more than average power, education, and experience. He does not fre quently speak in the House, hut when he doee he issure of a hearing. Ho is clear, safe, and sincere. If it is a fair thing to divide mem bers by any social rules Mr. Archer is always Bafe to be ranked amongst gentlemen. There is a family of Archer brothers, all of them men known in responsible positions. Mr. Aroher has, we believe, never married. Mb. J. Macfablane. Whoever even looks at Mr. Macfarlane may judge him to be from the laud of cakes, oatmeal, and universities. He was horn at Glasgow, and is now just on the sunnv* side of 60 years of age. It is 26 years since he came to Queensland, pitching his tent at Ipswich, where he is as widely respected as known. In 1877 he was returned to represent that town in Parliament, and although less popular by a few votes than the new senior member, he still has a healthy hold on his constituents. Amid much discouragement the Opposition party set up two candidates at Ipswich, entertaining a forlorn hope that perhaps Mr. Maofarlane's seat might be knocked from under him. . They are a good deal discouraged to find that their supposed victim is to-day crowned with the laurel of the successful man. Mr. Macfurlane is a stanch teetotaller, not the only one in the House, hut one of the most pronounced. It is indisputable that his personal example has had no small effect upon hon. mem bers, the most hardened toper treating him with marked respect for his princi ples, if unable from long habit in another direction to follow his example. He is a considerable power in certain debates, and ! can always be relied upon for clear and forcible ; advocacy of popular measures. He is a good | way more than an average member of the House, though as to his party he takes the cross-bench position in honour of the old Ips wich bunch idea. Mb. M. Huaos Brace. Mr. Black must have been born within sound of Bow Bells, and though born nearly 53 years ago, he still retains some of the genuine cockney brogue. He is a fairly tall, well-made, vigorous man, with plenty of head; and an eye that reaps harvests whero some others see nothiug to reap. He lately sat on the Op position side of the House, but has now been returned again for Mackay, though flying , an independent flag. Its precise character one does not know, it has both Btars and stripes, and he has always been a party man. Ho first engaged in pastoral pursuits in South Australia, and is now, and for a long time has been, en gaged also in tho Bugar industry. Last year he proceeded to London to represent the causo of northern separation. He still believes in that cause, but is not unwilling to see tried some of tho proposed measures of Sir S. "W. Griffith, giving more local power to northern districts. Mr. Black is a good member of Parliament, and would Jbe of any Parliament in these lands. He contains all the possibilities of a good Minister of the Crown. 