TALES AND SKETCHES. " Jly Viscount MullUiifur." .1 ?fMu. Crcii, Biiownb wtiH n briefless barrister. His nilownuco from the paternal income was two hundred a y« nr nnd ho was too woll nwaro of his father tempor and resources to expect an v more This sum does not, howevor, repreKent unlimited extravnganco to n young nimi of a generous turn of mind, and mixing in tho society of a fairly wonlthy and vory gay sot. Being possessed of n cortnin amount of superficial abilities, ho ooncoivcd the project of adding to his finances by embracing litcraturo. Noturally ho experienced tho slight re buffs incident upon early ofTorts in this direction. Ho had a vory good idea of tho valuo of his own talents, and whon ho realised that his natno did not carry any groat weight with tho publishers to wiiuiii iiu unuiuu mu uiab-iruiis vi ins gcniuB, ho tuincd his attentions to nn ondoavour to win t'nmo in tho pages of cortain higlily-priccd periodicals cir culating amongst tho BUpercultU'ed sections of tho public. But his attempts cannot ho described ns distinctly en couraging. Ho was on intimnto terms with Vis count Mnllinagar, tho heir to tho oarldom of St. Ooiumb's. His lordship was ono of thoso young gentlemen who, when thoy go into circles just below or upon tho middlo olns6, nro described ns being 11 so jolly — not a bit like a real lord." Ho rejoiced in us mnch education aa onablod him to read a French novol and writo his own nnine. Ho was ill a chronic stato of poverty, ns tho St. Coltimb monetary affairs wore by no monns flourishing, and tho hulk of bis acquaintance had no particular soruples in asking for " loans " which, as lm was ossontially good-natured, ho always " lout" to tho first comers. Among his familiar friends ho was known ns "Joseph," from a somowhat ccentrie habit on his part of patronising inexpen sive City tailors. Cecil Browno lind often thought in what mannor ho could turn this easy going Viscount to useful nccoimt. IIo bad borrowed of him nt various times, but ho novor had considornblo sums to spnro, and Cecil really began to fool a iittlo delicacy in asking him for more. Toying ono day idly with a nnmhor of tbo Decade in hio hand, ho glanced nt tbo list of contributors, and noticed thnt not ono of thorn waB of lower rank than n baronet. A hasty glnnco at two or throe of tho articles — with it n sudden inspiration, and a grasp. "ByJovoI I oan writo as woll nB thoso precious countesBes and honourablos, without nny vanity, I know. Now, I'll just go up to old Joseph's and lay a dodgo boforo him." Ho promptly started for his lordship's chambers in Ebury Street, and found tlmt individual smoking a short brinr pipe. Mr. Browno Bat down and unfolded his groat sohomo in thoso words : . " Lord liore, Joo, old chap, I am bonstlv hard up jast now — " " Sorry I can't holp you," begun Lord Mullinngar. " Yes, but you oan if you li only liston a l.ll Yon know 1'vo dono a lot of writing nt various timos, hut thoso con founded editors of mngnzinos liko tho Decade and tlio Patriotic llemem don't think my liumblo patronymic is grand onough for tlioir covers. So I thought that if you would lot 1110 use your naino and title, and send my contributions from this address, it is almost a certainty that tiioy will ho' read, accepted, published, and paid for. I will givo you five-anil - twenty per contof tho pay for tlio use or rent— of you sponsorship. What do you soy ?" "But, my dear follow," began his lordship again, " ovory one knows wlint n lany hoggnr I am, and if I did not know what my own articles wore about, I should feci such a fool. Suppose I took some girl down to dinner, and she snid, 1 1 do not agreo with your theory on ghosts— where did you- got it trom 1 rcolly could not make up a speech on it." "0, it will be perfectly easy to manege oil that. You shall always havo tho earliost possiblo information of my subjects, and, whenever practicable, shall read tliern in tho proof-slips j othorwiso I will endeavour to got ad- vanco copies for yon. When you know tho outlines of tho popor, all you will have to do is to net tho diffident author, and such 0 rare phenomenon in a writor with a handle to his nnmo will render you an unqualified suoooss. Lord St. Columb will bo delighted, tor you know how often he has urged you to embrace a publio careor." 'Well, Browno, you oan try. Ab long ns you don't bother mo to do your work, nor mnko mo look nn absoluto fool, you aro welcome to ubo my uamo as much as you liko." Mr. Bumble onco pronounced tlio law to bo "a hnsB." Tho British publio that BtudieB periodical litoraturo might bo aa brieflv defined, norhnps, as "a snob." Anyhow, Mr. Cecil Browne found thnt with Lord Mnllinagar ns his literary godfather, his contributions mot a consideration not liitliorto nccordoJ to them. Month by month hie inspired efforts took their places in tho lung- sealed pages,' and wore discussed mid reviewed to his heart's content. Tho Viscount played his part in the trans action vory well. tiovofal of his acquaintances said that they ncvor should havo believed lie had so much 111 him ; but ns his more especial friends novor rend any magazines of tlio stamp in which his contributions appeared, and the rest of them wero mainly of tlio y "ordor that believes in a lord s oinnipo- toiicn, ho had no great diflicultics to contond with. His quarter sliure in tlio prolils was rogulnrly nnd honestly given liim by Cecil Broivne, and lie began to think tlint, after all, the partnership wns not such a bad 0110, Lord St. Cnlnmb wns so delighted nt his son's show of indnslrr and tnlant, that In) promised liini a five-pound noto for every signed nrticlc of his thnt appeared ill print. Mr. Browno iiogan in tlio conrso of t'1110 to hnvo ambitions boyiind oven tlio png-'s of periodical litoraturo, and lie resolved upon bringing onto book. IIo told his sleeping 00011)11101' of tlio largo gains that would possibly accruo to tli"in ; hut his loulship announced tlmt I10 intendad going nbroail Tor a cotiplo of months, in a week or bo's time, and asked if it would mnko nny difforenco. " No, not in tlio least," answored Mr. Browne, "for wo will drop a few vnrrtin liinf a flint, vnn urn nnfrncrofl ntl A startling work, nnd havo gono away to finish it in quiat. If you are not back when tho proofa are ready, wo mast say that you doputod mo to saa it through tlio press." Lord Mullinngar did not even tako tho ti'.uhlo to itiquiro tho snbjoct of tho projected undertaking, hut went nwnv just before it wns ready Tor tho publish ers. Now, Mr. Browne's idea for bis great literary achiovotnont had been re volving in his mind for sonio tinio. If nrtiulcs signed by a lord wero a success, wlint would a hook bo dealing with " high life " from tho samo pen ? Con sequently ho worked up a rather tolling chnmiijtie scandaleuee, somo satirical sketches of prominent members of so ciety, nnd inticli caustic comment on certain phases of life nnd )crsonnl idiosyncrasies, with a ronlly keen and pungent rndicnlism and nnti-canting styloj under tlio title of Society at Home. It was by far the host thing I10 had ever written, "and his publishers wero quito exuberant in congratulations. The book had been skilfully puffed in advance, and jwas awaited with considerable curiosity ; and though various rumours 09 to its tono and contents wero afiunt,, tho astuto publishers took caro that n.. real knowlcdgo 011 tho subject should oscapo too soon. Meantime, Lord nnd Lady St. Columb had boon organising and " work ing up" tbo Dahlia Lenguo in the neighbourhood of their country place — Wyllardos Abbey. Their exeninns wero to culminate in a great " Con servative Foto and Gala," nt which a large number of Tory lords and M P.s wore to assist. Lord St. Columb thought that as his son had won so much famo and distinction ns nn nnthor, he ought cortainly to bo present on the auspioious occasion, nnd that it would ho a good opportunity for him to como out ns a political orator. It would not bo quito his maiden effort, ns ho had addressed tho tonnntry t/hon ho came of ago ; but ho did not caro to live 111 tho pompous and formnl halls of Ins ancestors, and, oxcopt for n Iittlo bIiooi- ing, ho Brldom visited tho pntcrnal roof. However, as I10 had received several fivo-pound notes and other marks of pnrental consideration lately, lie felt ho eould not very well rofuso to attend the inditing. IIo had serious thoughts 01 asKiug uecu jjruwuu iiu .wni-u u speech for him, hut eventually considered that his own abilities would bo equal to tho task of extolling tho Conservative policy in general, and tlio Dahlia Leaguo in particular, for tho spaca of a quarter of un hour. Ho concluded that if lio failed to reach tho standard of the articles of whioh lio wns tlio nominal author, lio could always oxcuso liiinsolf 011 tlio ground that literary tnlont and platform oloquonco nro soldom united in 0110 happy individual. Various reporters canio down for tlio mooting, whioh was attended by all tho " squires," tho " knights," tho " dames," and other symbolically bedecked beings, including tho clergy for miloB round, null tho next morning tho London papers headed their con tents-bills with tho attractive announcement of " Important Spocah by Viscount Mullinagar." Among other remarks of dcepsignificanco recorded wns that " tho Dahlia Lenguo is tho grand safeguard of our ancient monarchical aud aristocratic Govern ment, It bringB us all together into a bond of brotherly unity nnd fellowship, nnd at tho samo time, in its various ordora of membership, it meots and adopts itself to tho feelings of somo of the socinl ranks and cnBtcs, which wo would ever maintain against the levelling onslaughts of ltadicaliBm, as condacivo — ny, necossary — to the well-being of our noblo Constitution " (loud nnd pro longed applause). On tho snmo day Society at Home made its appearance. Mr. Browno was not ownro that Lord Mullinngar had re turned, nnd hod takon no steps to obtain nn early copy for liira. His consterna tion mny bo better imagined than de scribed, thorufore, whon lio oponod his paper and road the speech. Ho had never heard his lordship express a political opinion in his life, n.id con sequently find had no fear of crediting him with tlio most itnaicai ana suuvorsivo views, judging rightly that the book wniild ho a fur more astonishing ono if it took a distinctly unusual line of thooght for n lord. Ho recollected how on jingo 173 I10 had snid of tho Dahlia Lenguo, " It is tho potted dnrling of a snobbish, time-serving clique I cannot credit it with any better motives thnn a cantankerous jealousy of nil progress, nnd nil invinciblo fonr of all innovation. It was ooncoived nnd is worked on tbo narrowest lines of party prejudice. I proplinoy for it a yet greater inflation, and thnt its sides will becomo thinner nnd thinner with tlio continued efforts to compel it to contain an increased quantity of gnBoous vapour, till, liko a child's pninted rubber sphere, it burets and collapses with a dismal report and groan." IIo turned porfcctly wliito at tho thought, and not till I10 had opened a lottorfrom tho publialiors (addressed, by thn way, to the Viscount, nnd mnrkcil " To be forwarded "), containing n cliequo for live hundred pounds, did ho recover himself sufficiently to Hend a toiogrnm to Lord Mullinngar desiring Ilia prompt return to town. Tho Viscount, on his part, was not sorry for on excuso to lenvo, and wont to inform Lord Sr. Columb that I10 had received nn urgent recall to Loudon on literary business. Tho Enrl uttered a few commonplace expressions of regret, nnd added that, as his time was so well omployed, thoy could not oxpoot him to stay. " By tho way," ha continued, " your book is out, I seo — I had a copy from tlio .i.lilUtiAve lltta mnmSnrr 1»nf T lintrn not hail tinio to open it yet. I will glnnco nt it directly, nnd, as you are not leaving for an hour or so, I will tell yon my first impressions. If I am plonscd with it, a proportionate chcquo will ho remitted to you in n fewdays. Send me half a dozen copies with your autograph in thorn for distribution." Lord Mullinngar, had, by practice, becomo a fair adept in discussing his reputed compositions without nny know ledge ol their drift. Ho smiled grace fully, nnd said, " I think you will bo pleased with it. It lakes rnther a new lino over its subject, I consider." Ho went away, nnd Lord St. Columb opened tho dark bluo-nnd gold bound volume. But lio seemed somewhat amazed nt tho various passages lio por- sued. First ho took off his gold-rimmcd spectacles and rubbed them j then ho looked again and again, but still did not seem quito at onso. Then ho turned over somo more pages, nnd when lie reached thoidonticnl pnrgrapli concerning tbo Dahlia League, tho baro recollection of which bad sufficed to blanch the chcckn of Cecil Browno, tho poor old peer became completely mystified, nnd rang tlio bell violently. " Send LordMullinngnrtomontonce,' wns liiB noremntorv ordor : and when thn unsuspecting young mnn camo down, his soir-possossion left him ns his father snid, " Somo ono has mado nn utter fool of yon in this book. Look hero," nnd be placed tho offending remarks in his hand. In nn instant tho reason of tho nrgont telegram Unshod into Mnllinngnr's usually dull brain, nnd wit'> n sharpened sense of Bolf-dofonco ho replied, " I ox- pect it wns to seo about this that I wob sent for so suddenly. Evidently somo ono lias amused himself in touching up my composition and in porverting my opinions." " Yes, thnt might ho, if this wore tho only thing that pnzzh s mo. But your views on tho Church, your comments on those recent causes celebres, and tlio innlicions personalities on peoplo whom you hnvo long known and from whom you hnvo received ninny kindnoBses, nro so much at variance with tlio opinions which I iiavo previously heard you ex press, thnt I ntn nt a loss to nccount for your suddon chango of front." t» f«1li«n r,n < linH tint t.lin flmfllloflfc notion of tho contents of his book, nor how to oxcuso himsolf, hut ho rather haughtily answered, " 0, one's opinions cn those mnttcrs aro subject to continual modification. You must bo aware that nn author re gards such tilings from a higher stand point than that of more personal tooling." But ho thought it hottor to end tho in terview nt onco, ns ho could not truBt himself to prolong it much further, and so made a preoipitato retreat. "I shall not want you to send mo any copies," wns his father's porting shot. When tho unfortunato Mullinngar nrrived in London, lio found a letter from his aunt, tho Dowager Marchioness of Cninberwoll, a well-known nnd po- Jnnrn nf atnhla fnotflV wllft mrOfr- nised her own portrait, which Cecil Browno, with an unaccountable firgct- fulncss of her relationship between tho two, had dcpictod in somewhat florid colours. Slio threatened nn notion for libel unions Society at Home wns with drawn from circulation at once. Other letters containing throats and remon strances wero numerous, and bis lord- Bhip felt a Iittlo rolioved when Cecil Browno camo in. Ho had no notion of relinquishing a role whioh was ahko remunerative and distinctive. " Horo's n confounded bother 1 " " What luok wo nro in 1 " wore their simultaneous remarks, Lord Mullinn- gnr'B countenance revived nt the sight of tho cliequo. Mr. Browno rend the loiters nnd smiled. " What capital advertisements thoy would mnko if wo could publish tliom 1" lie snid. " You need not fear any libel suits, for I know how far to go, nnd to fall short of that. Tho only nnisanca was that speech of youre ; lint I think wo can overcome even the oven- 7— — nanAM mlti/sli flm nninifnuT f limit— selves keenly over the mystery, if wo turn tho tables, and explain thnt you only indulged in somo mild snrcoBm at tho CAponso of tlio Dahlia Lenguo, and wonder that peoplo can havo been so dense ns to hnvo taken it all in. I nra a little sorry that I touched up your nunt so sharply ; but she will get over it, I dnro say, and if she does not lenvo you anything, tbo bird in the hand of a first edition oxhaustcd on tho day of publication is worth two or thrco ,in tho busli of her gambling propensities." . Eventually the pair concluded thnt Lord Mullinrgnr required "n Iittlo rest," and thoy would snvo themselves nny immediate danger of cross-examination" by going to America. Menntiino tho hook provo.l nn unprecedented success, foi; it enraged society, and gained vituperation onough to bo independent of praise. When tlio pnrtnors returned Cecil Browno was holding tho ostonsiblo post of privato secretary to Lord Mullinngar. Ilia lordship still poses as tho talented author, and derives a handsoino incomo from tlio credulity of tho snobs who would rofuso to boliovo that tlio lioir-np- pnront to nn earldom could not writo by nature. But I10 has nevor spokon again in favour of tho Dahlia. League ; if ho over takes his seat amongst the here ditary legislators. Cecil Browno will direct his votes nnd composo his speeches. 