The Strange Adventures of a House-boat. By William Black. Chapter X. Within the sand of what far river lies Tbc gold that gleams in tresses of my Love 1 What highest circle of the heavens above Is jewelled with such stare as are her eves ? And where is the rich sea whose coral vies With her red lips, that cannot kiss enough ? What dawn-lit garden knew the rose, whereof The fled soul lives in her cheeks' rosy guise 1 'Well, I declare!' exclaims Mrs. Threepenny-bit, in accents of only half- smothered indignation, as she comes into the saloon at an early hour. ' In all my life I never knew such weather ! The tourists talk about the rain in the West Highlands! The West Highlands don't know how to rain ; they should come here to take a lesson. And just as we are about to get to such, interesting places! Captain Columbus told me yesterday that we should almost certainly get to Warwick to-morrow nigbt. But I suppose the whole district that used to be the Forest of Arden will be flooded — I wonder how Rosalind and Celia and Touch stone would have liked that. And I hoped we should be jible to see the ruins of Kenilworth by moonlight. Moon light, indeed ! We needn't expect to find the ghost of poor Amy Robsart wandering about in weather like this.' Here Murdoch eaters. ' Murdoch, don't you wish you were back in the High lands to get a glimpse of the sun again ?' Murdoch looks puzzled. '.Yes, Mem; 1 think there's another shower coming over.' ' Another shower coming over ! It is raining as hard bb ever it knows hov.' V Oh, yes; it iss a pad country, this, for rain— a ferry pad country for rain, Mem. ' I was thinking I neffer pefore sab. so ruich land under watter.' Here Miss Ros6lyn enters. .*? Peggy, if I write a history of this trip, I will call it * A 'Vovage in Waterproofs.' ' ?? Well,' says Miss Peggy, with her wonted cheerful ness, 'what better could we* do than devote euch a day to literature? I'm going- to write a novel — — ' 'With the Hypothenuse for hero's1' Jack Buncombe suggests. *? Oh, no ; something very serious indeed. You'll see. Just wait until Murdoch has cleared the table after break fast, and then 1 will make a beginning that will show you something.' However, when Murdoch had cleared the table, it ap peared that, it was required for another purpose : Mrs. Threepenny-bit wanted to do up.her flowers for the dHy — including the roses presented by Mr. A'Becket ; and soon «he had the cloth removed, and was busily at work. P-urgy went «nd got her banjo. First she played, in a cnrele-s way, some plantation dance or other of which we did not know the name. Then, in almost an undertone, she Mary had a little lamp Filled full n( kerosene; She went with it to tight the fire, And has not since benzine. Suddenly, at the conclusion of these touching words, there was a simultaneous roar of a chorus — Then carry me back to old Tennessee, There let me live and die. She Rmg ' How doth the little busy bee ;' she sang ' Ye banks and braes;' she sang ' Sylvia hath a beaming eye,' or way other thing that could be suggested to her; and ever the recurrent and stormy chorus was volunteered her at the end of each verso. Jack Duncombe caught up the air at once, and joined in with a will. It wsb his initi ation into the art and practice of madness as an antidote against despair and rags and rain. Nay, he himself made random shots at verses to suit; and was anxious to relieve MissRoBslyn from the duty of Bulging the solo. Bat at last she laid aside the banjo. 'Really, this is mere frivolity,' shetaid, wiifcapre occupied air. 'I must set about ray novel, even if I can't have the table.' She went to the ladies* cabin and returned with a tiny writing-desk, which she proceeded to balance on her knee as she sat sideways on her seat. Then we could perceive that she was engaged in the agony of composition. Biting too end ot her pencil seemed *io help her a little. Her brows were knitted her face was grave ; and yet one could bait fancy that there was mischief in her donweast eyes. 'Come, Miss Peggy,' one savs to her, 'let's hear what start vou have made.' j-a! i' dont interruPt; you have no idea how horribly difficult it is. I want something bold and thrilling for a beginning— something that will arrest the attention of the en tics.' '}* ^0U w'fe for **'* critics you won't come to much good, says Jack Duncombe, wlio rarely fails to have his fling when the chance is given him. ' I* have been think ing of addressing a letter to M. Pasteur, asking him if he couldn't inoculate one against the effects of criticism. He might render you safe from the bites of the rabid beasts.' 'How ain I to get on, if you interrupt?' complains Miss Peggy ; but there is not much, anger in her petulance. , *' Peggy,' says Mrs. Threepenny-bit. ' do you always put out the tip of your tongue while 3'ou are writing ?' 'Only when 1 am writing a novel,' she answers placidly. ' Is it at your readers, or at vour critics, or at vour com panions 5'' Miss Peggy does not look up. ' That's telling. I put out my tongue.' *' Oh, I suppose you thinK we'are iu one of the streets of Verona!' says Mrs. Threepenny- bit, with some vague re collection ot a Montague and Capulet quarrel. Here, however, Miss Peggy not only raises her eyes, she also puts aside her writing-desk, aud gets up. She edges towards the door and opens it. Her glance' is fixed upon her hostess ; and it is full of malice ; perhaps she is annoyed by these unseemly interruptions. 'Oh, no,' she says, retreating still further, ' we're not in Verona at all. Verona liousc-boat in the middle of England.' In a twinkling she disappears : and the same instant a sponge surcharged with water strikes the edge of the door, just where her saucy face had been, lr was n very good aim for a woman; had Mrs. Threepenny-bit been the thirtieth part of a second quicker, that impertinent hussy would have met with the pun ishment she richly deserved. Then we made bold to take up the sheet of paper on which Miss Peggy had pencilling the opening lines of her novel. Thus they ran : — ' It was a cold day in New York — a cold, cold winter's day. In the chill easterly blast the brown-stone buildings had turned to a livid purple ; and the veins in the marble blocks ran blue. Not a single statue in Central Park had a nose or a toe left ; all had dropped off, frost-bitten by the terrible wind.' ' Ah, there is no sentiment among the young people of t ese days, says Queen Tita, as she sprinkle's the roses with her wet fingers. ' When 1 was at school, the girls used often to try to write stories ; and they were always tull of noble people and baautiful aspirations. Now-a-days, there is nothing but burlesque. That wretch has been simply making a fool of us. At this moment Miss Peggy reappears. ' Come along — come along, everybody,' she says briskly. ' The morning is clearing up beautifully ; I be lieve it is going to be quite fine. And Captain Columbus is here ; and he has brought a whole multitude of people with him — two men and a boy at the very least ; and they have a barrow : and he wants to know it he can come into the saloon to lift the flooring. There is quite a commotion out side.' This was stirring news indeed, after the silence and in activity of these last four-and-twenty hours ; and forth with we swarmed out, to greet the re-appearance of our crew. We found Columbus in the midst of this vast con course ; and a busy and important man was he; for he had already purchased 3cwt. of old iron, and was now bargain ing for a. fourth. It turned out that there was another bridge, not Jar ahead, that was likely to trouble us ; and our gallant skipper, with. a foresight and a resolution re minding us ot tho qualities that enabled his great name sake to discover a new world, had determined to redueo the height of the boat by cramming in a lot more ballast. Strange ballast it was, when we came to examine it. Ap parently, it was refuse from some railway factory ; there were all kind of bolts, and screws, and rivets, and nuts, and bits of rail; and, as Columbus proceeded to tear up the flooring of the saloon, and to wedge iu this old iron along side the other ballast, one began to wonder what would happen supposing that the Nameless Barge were to be sunk somewhere — in the Severn, for example — and lie embedded there for ' an eternity or two.' What would the new race of mortals, with their aerial navigation, make of these strange fragments ? Would they recognise them as belong ing to the hall-mythic railway age? And perhaps a few ribs and planks of our noble vessel might remain, to offer materials for all kinds of conjecture V Well, they might be able to reconstruct the .Nameless Barge, perhaps ; but they were not likely to figure out in their imagination that it ever contained a creature so perverse, and wilful, and bewildering, and demure, and generally dangerous and demoniacal as our Peggy. She was talking to Captain Columbus now with an air of inno cent curiosity on her face that would have deceived her own mother. And Captain Columbus — who bad that morn ing bought for himself in Oxford a straw hat, and a bril liant blue necktie, and made himself very smart indeed — was excessively proud and pleased that the young lady should be so interested iu his work, imd became quite com niuniaifJve about boats, and bridges, aud tunnels, and what not. Miss Peggy listened with a grave attention. It is always a pleasing sight to see a youug mind engaged in the acquisition of knowledge. Glad enough were we to find ourselves onco more in motion ; and as we stole quietly on Ihrough this unknown region, the skies were banking themselves up into April looking masses of silver-gray und purple gray, while bursts of vivid sunlight chased eacii other across the riehlv wooded landscape. But our literary projects were not altogether abandoned. We returned to the subject of Miss Peggy's novel. She confessed that there was a touch of exaggeration in her description of a cold day in New York; but she wanted tho Queuing to be effective. 'Hut your characters, Miss Pegpy, what about them? Is it to be a tragedy or a comedy ?' 'On! 1 don't know,' she. says artlessly. 'I don't know that there will be much of a story. \ ou know they say that all the stories have been told.' 'They say! Who say V Don't you believe any such rubbish. As long as there are two men and a woman in the world— or two women and a man, for that matter— the elemental passions will be there— love, jealousy, rage, despair, and at! the rest of them— and there will be plenty of romantic story to teil— tragic or idyllic, as the case may be— if there is anybody capable of telling it. Don't you follow the lead of any literary knife-grinder ' ? ' But I say,' interposes our young dramatist, '? that is rather an awful picture, isn't it 'i I doa't mean the two men and one woman left in the world ; that would soon right itself; one of the men would soon be a dead 'un. But fancy the fwo women and the one man — just think what his situation would be' ? *' Yes,' says Queen Tita,' ' what would you do, sup posing you were the man ? ' ^' I ?'* he answers — and then for a second he pauses, as if the horror of the possibility were too bewilder ing. ;' Well, I think this is what 1 would do : 1 would go to them and say, ? My dear friends, a very extraordinary thing has happened. If you'll only climb up to the top of these Downs, you will find that the English Channel has gone dry — the water is all away ; and, if you like, you can walk across dry-shod and then go on to Paris, and see if there are any bonnets and parasols left in the shop windows.' Very likely they wouldn't believe me ; but, at all events, they would be sure to go up to have a look ; and then, as soon as I had seen them started, do you know where I should be ?— I should be on the main road to the north, ronning as hard as my legs could carry me ; and I shouldn't think myself safe until I had got up to the Moor of Rannoch or somewhere behind Ben Nevis.' ' * O ye'll take the high road, and I'll take the low road,* ' murmurs Queen Tita as a kind of aside, '' and I'll be in Scotland before ye ? ' ' 'Madam,' one says to her, ' you'd better go no further with that Loch Lamond song. The refrain is genuine ; the rest of it has 'spurious' written on every line.' . ' The melody is pretty,' she pleads in excuse. ' Undoubtedly. It 'is simply ? The Bonnie House o' Airlie.' ? ' At all events the words are not quite so preposterous as -hosejof * Allan Percy,' ' she 6ays. ' I think that is about the worst imitation of a Scotch ballad that I ever met with —and it is of American make, Peggy ? ' But Peggy is looking rather stupefied. ''Allan Percy,'' she says. 'Isn't it Scotch. I always thought it was a real Scotch ballad— and very pretty, too ? ' ''Oh, Pegjry!' her friend cries, innocents of deep dis tress, *' don't talk like that. You quite alarm me. If you don't instinctively feel that the words of that wretched thing are as foreign to the whole spirit of Scotch song writing as they can be— and that the music is just as foreign, too, to the whole spirit of Scotch music — then I am simply frightened to think ef the trouble 1 shall have in. teaching you. And of course it's got to be done. Hut fancy the' time ! And how am I to begin V Well, perhaps you'd best start with Aytoun's ? Ballads of Scotland ' ' — ' I know another way,' says Miss Pcggv ' And what is tbat ':'' ?* Take me to Scotland with you,' says the young lady, without more ado. Queen Tita's soft brown eyes smile a quick approval. 'Do you know, Peggy, that is the prettiest speech you have made since you came on board this' boat, and the most sensible too? And I shall consider it a promise.' Very Spring-like indeed was this fresh-blowing morning, with its skies of purple and silver, its sudden bursts of sun light, and the curiously-vivid greens of the rain-yashed and rustling1 foliage. And as the floral decoration of the Baloon was now finished, and as Miss Peggy seemed disin clined to resume her literary labours, we had the boat stopped for a second or two, and all of us went ashore for a stroll along the bank, the two women setting out by them selves arm-in-arm. This was a strangely voiceless country through which we were going. There was hardly a sound anywhere ; the only living things visible were some Hisrh land cattle, that looked picturesque enough in the lush, meadows, 1 hough a background of grey rock, greon bracken, and crimson heather might have boon more ap propriate. .Nevertheless, we knew that there must be some population somewhere in this lonely region ; for at ouo and the same time we could make out the spires of three churches peeping up above the trees: and our gallant captain informed us that these three churches were built by three brothers, who chose the sites so that if any one of them wanted the loan of a hammer it could be thrown to him. It was in this neighbourhood that we came to the bridge about which we had been warned ; and well was it that our faithful Columbus had had the forethought to put in the additional four hundredweight of ballast. Even as it was, we had enormous difficulty in getting through , and we began to wonder what the Nameless Barge would bo like at the end of our voyage, if she had to encounter much more of this scraping and bumping. But we did get her through — that was the main point ; and thereafter left her to her sober gliding through this still landscape, while we continued our careless stroll and talk. Oddly enough, it was Miss Peggy who formed the chief subject of Mr. Jack Duncoinbe's conversation on this soft aired morning1 ; and it was curious to find from how many points of view that young lady seemed to prove interesting to him. He was looking at her as she walked on ahead with her friend ; and he remarked, with something of a critical air, 'I wish Miss Bosslyn was an actress.' ' Indeed ; and why ':'' ' I wish she was an actress ; and that I could write a piece for her, in which she should play the heroine. Fancy what » chance that would be for me ! That always seems to me the great pull a playwright has over a novelist ; whatever the playwright's heroine may be like, at least the public see that she is alive. Alt that he has to do is to invent situations for her, and give her words to speak. She is alive, aud the public sec for themselves what she is. In a novel it is only a description of the person that is there ; and it must be horribly difficult to get that lifelike.' ' Not at all ; anybody can do it.' '? Why, this very morning I was trying to think what I should do if I wanted to describe Miss ltosslyn in a book ; and I couldn't in the least see how it was to be done. Even ' her appearance,' ho continues, looking: once more in that critical fashion at the yountr ladv ahead of us, ' even her appearance would come down to a mere catalogue. That wouldn't tell you much, would it P You see, if she came on the stage, then everyone would recognise the symmetry of her figure, and — and — the kind of graceful way she moves — and the animation — the intelligence — of her face. But iu a book, what are vou to do ?' ' What, indeed ! ' * ' 1 was trying, ju6t for fun, you know ' ? ' To describe Miss Peggy V' ' Mo, rot exactly ; but I was wondering, if I should attempt to write a story, how I should begin to describe the heroine.' ' And, naturally, j ou took Miss Peggy for your heroine. Very well ; did you succeed ?' ' Of course, I did not put anything down in writing ; I was merely looking at her from time to time, and think ing,' says the young man, with much modesty. ' Well, you know, there are certain things you could definitely name. You might say she hod beautiful hair.' ' You might— especially when it gets blown about by wind and rain on her way to church.' 'Golden-brown, I would call it; and a little wavy here and there; that is something you could definitely say. Then her forehead— you might call her forehead intelli gent?' he suggests, with' a trifle of timidity. ' You might — but it wouldn't convey very much. 'That's just where it is! That's just the difficulty. Of course you have noticed what a beautifully-shaped nostril she has ?' ' In a general way, perhaps.' ' But that would sound absurd in a book ! w Of course you might do what the poets do — bring in all kinds of things as similes — you might give her cherry lips, and rose -petal cheeks, and speedwell-blue eyes, and all the rest of it ; but that wouldn't be Miss Rosslvn.' 'No?' ' It's all very well to say that her cheek is like the petal of a rose ; but that tells you nothing about the curious little dimple that appears there when she has been saying something very audacious to your wife, in a perfectly grave voice, and with her eyes cast down. No,' he adds, almost with a touch of vexation, ' 1 don't believe that the minutest catalogue that could be made of her features would be of any use at all — no matter how true it might be. There's a — a something — about her expression, that makes Miss Rosslya Miss Rosslyn, and unlike any other girl I ever saw. Perhaps it is her eyes ? ' he says suddenly. *' It may be her eyes.' 'There is a sort of submission in them when she looks at you— as if — well, as though they might very readily laugh at j'ou, only that her natural' courtesy keeps them serious. It is a vcrv curious look.' 'Yes.' ' And then there is a kind of harmony of expression in her face — I mean— well, when she laughs ever so little, her eyes and her lip-* and the dimple in her qheeks seem to brighten up altogether— I don't quite know how to describe it— but I'm sure you couldn't put it into a book. Perhaps it is that there is so much life in her face ; and you can't describe life, you know ; it is an intangible, invisible, un known thing ; and yet there is plenty of it in Miss Rosslyn's face.' ' Really.' ' If you were putting her into a book, now, how would you describe her r1' this remarkably cool person proceeds. ' Oh, 1 wouldn't try. As you say, it might be too difficult. Besides, she might not interest me as she interests you.' 'You don't think her interesting?' he says, surprised into some brief expression of disappointment.* ' In a way, perhaps. She seems a nice kind creature— it she wouldn't make puns.' ' Well, now,' he says, warmly, ' I am delighted to hear her make puns, for it shows she is not standing on ceremony with her companions for the time being. And really I can not understand the fuss people make in pretending: to be shocked by any little joke of that kind. I call it simply a very bad form of affectation. Why, what takes them to a burlesque ?— yet you'll hear a whole audience cry * Oh ! oh! ' — and -they are delighted and laughing all the same, especially if t he pun is an atrocious one. I am very glad to find Miss Roralyn«o frank.' 'Well, that settles it. I won't remonstrate *?;«, i. any more.' Wltu u« ' I liketo hear you talk like that!' he has the in^i to say. ' You know quite well that when she does o anything ontrageous it is done simply to. please you ttf' looks to you for approval every time; I have seen h again and again ; she is always watching you at duvn 6he has anything malicious to say. Your wi^TX!!* ^ that if you did not encourage her in mischief she wrmiinf8 as well-behaved a girl as any in the countrv. v', ,* I have ever seen anything really to object to- of I not; I like fun as well as anybody; and \ Z~F*? like to find a girl like that enjoying plentv ' freedom. She has au abuudavcu of bj'-h t ? -u' hasn't she? Oh, but I say,' this younsr ,,,an -Lif,!nt*' sudeoly changing his tone, -didn't eke maice an awf, u! of that prig, A'Becket? Did you ever see anvthmT. i' it! Wasn't it delightful? Why, she made him £ fe ,'' was the cleverest fellow she hod ever beheld. Sho Hot, him just off his head. And it was done so iiia-iv'amfei neatly — and so seriously— of course, he didn't stuW6' little bit. Anyone else, though, could see what, was & ? ' on. Oh, I assure you it was beautiful to look at'' s ' Then you consider Miss Peggy au arrant liypocriln ' is that your conclusion ?' L-'~ ' A hypocrite ?— certainly not. It was merely her ti^ ness. If a man is such an ass as to like being flutter .5 well, he gets what he wants. Don't you think Jie pleased? He grinned with his long front teeth unHM thought he was going to tumble into his own momh i consider it was the heiglit of good-iiature for Miss RnJi to take so much trouble in making bereelf a--reo'»hliM fellow like that.' ' t-'lD101°' ''But she did take the trouble !' ' Oh, yes,' he admits, rather grudgingly. - ' g]le ^ , suppose his airs and affectations amused her. And thnn' I say, she is very good-natured ; and ho was your sum- re course she made herself agreeable to .him—in an'onlin'n'. kind of way.' ' v 'And have you decided, then, on putting her into book?' He hesitates for a moment. 'ISio; I'm afraid she would puzzle sue :i little too in,, di But just fancy if 1 had a comedy, and tin; was to iiliV ih' heroine. Why, her mere appearance on t he stajre vimid ll half the battle ; the first flash, of her eyes, and tho nublio would be in a pleasant and favourable mood. In private life, too,' he continues, ' I should say her luce «us a verv efficient passport. She seems to find not much diflicuhv iii making friends.' ' But you haven't yet quite decided what is tho pmtioulir fascination she exercises, have you ?' ' I decide it ? Not I ! But ' what I am pretty me of is this—that you wouldn't get at it by giving a c'atalo-ue of her features. No ; it's some quality— perhaps some mental quality— perhaps some quality of dispocition-that seems to make her attractive. She's very companionable, for one thing. She's not stiff. Her laugh is quite delightfully fiank. There's no humbug about her. 1 should eay that her mind was of a particularly healthy tone: she seems to have the natural carelessness of a child— although your wife sometimes teases her by attributing all kinds of evil designs to her. Of course that's merely nonsense. You can see what excellent friends they are' really. And she seems to be very affectionate ? ' 'Who?' ' Miss Rosslyn.' ' Miss Rosslyn again ! My young friend, if you go on in this way, it isn't inorely a description of Miss Kosslvn you'll have constructed, but a whole library of volumes about her. Suppose, for a couple of seconds, we talk about something else. ' ' Ah ! ' he says, ' it's all very well. You protend not to be interested. You come and ask me what is the secret of her fascination ? ' 'Did 1 really?' ' At all events, you affect an indifferonro tliat you don't show when Miss Rosslyn and you are togoiber,''he sayp, I with some touch of resentment. ' Ono would almost think there was some secret understanding between you two-1 I meim that a third person hasn't a fair dinner. I bcJicve I that she bamboozled lhat Oxford fellow simply and solely I for your amusement.' ' j ' That is a veryshciqking thing fo «iy of a young lady. j However, as you have now got a perfectly clear conception I of Miss Rosslyn's character, viewed from every possible I standpoint, why shouldn't you put tlmt into a book? It I seems a pity that the result of so much study should be 1 thrown away in idle talking.' I ' I'll wait,' he answers, somewhat moodily— and who I can tell what dark suspicions appear to have suddenly leapt I into his head ? ' Since she made such a fool of that'follovr I A'Beoket, perhaps she may be frying to Jiiake a fool of I me ; who knows ?' I ' And that is the end of all your praise of her ?' I ' Oh, no ; I don't take back anything 1 linve suid,' lie I answers, irresolutely. ' But she is a clever-beaded youDg I woman : and — and she may be having her tun. That is I only natural at her age. Who could object ':' I '* I don't think you, at least, should object to the way in . I which she has treated you. Most voung men would even I be a little grateful.' ' * I (To be continued.) I 