BROADBEIM'S NEW YOEK LETTER. The man who talces a stroll through Print ing House Square, after an absence of two or three years, will have to inquire his tvav Around or get a city guile to pilot him. It is true that the ugly Tribune eteeple shoots up ward to the sky in the same plac*, and tlie ,majestic figure on top of the City Hall looks benignly down on the Imodiums pitching t pennies under the Mayor's windows in the Park while waiting for the evening editions of the Nooees, Telegram, World, and Sun. The Park is there-chat is what remains of it, and the Post- Office stands solid as Gibraltar to a'1*" - statue of Franklin reminds the reflective Ainerieau and the unreilective foreigner that we had some great men once. .Save and except these all else changed. At junction of Nassau-street and Park Bow, massive and grand rises the magnificent new building of the I?eto York Times, which lias been built in tlie most peculiar manner in which any building was ever erected in the United States. Tlie outside walls of the old building were taken down, but the inside fooms were retained intact, and the work w^nt on just the same, ^though a new build ing was put up from turret to foundation Stone. The Times building promises to be ?one of the finest newspaper offices in the city. Bui the most radical change of all is that now jtakin" place on the corner of Fraimfort- street Tight opposite the Sun office-the historic wl;,ch was formerly " Tarnmanv f±»U; but of that anon. On the other comer jras French's hotel, a famous host,elrv in its .day; never considered first-class .or "hardly ,6econd-clags; it nevertheless had a lar<re clientage of trades-people and small country merchants, who consulted economy by living while in ^Sew Yorfc on the European plan, lodging at French's and feeding at any of the cheap restaurants with which this neighbor hood abounds. Years ago a famous victualler was one Gorlmg ; toothsome mere his dishes, savory las puddings and pies. A large plate' of corned beef and cabbage for 12 i cents was one of the luxuries that temoted our count-y cousins, and five large buck wheal cakes, done to a turn and smothered in molusse* for a ' like sum, helped to herald his fa- ne through I the length and_ breadth of the Union. But i Frenck's hotel is coming down - the past few ; years have been most ruinous t o the property - the property got. tied up with mandamuses' injunctions, writs of certiorari, and other j legal dynamite bombs on which lawyers i ' fatten and clients are blown sky-high. When ! they wera all nearly ruined n 11 <) thoroughly ! exhausted, Pulitzer, of the World, stem eA in and cobbled the whole thing for ?SOO,O0P, Slid he proposes to rear on its foundation such a newspaper afiice as you may possibly have read about in story bo'oks. but certaii ly never have seen in granite, marble, brick, and iron in this county before. The site is historic ground. Forty-eight years ago a celebrated rough-and- tumble fighter, named Billy Harrington, kept a sal. on called " 1 he Cosey." and here most, of the iiofced prize-fighters of the day could be seen. Fi"iiring was (he fasliion then. Soap-locked " Fire laddies " travelled about the city looking for a " muss," and to the honor of the city 1 e it recorded they did not have to travel far to get accommodated. There were neai ly fifty fire companies, and nil of them srere sehook for sluggers ; tlie fellow who couldn't slug ijad no business being a fireman, so as a consequence the Fire Department took in most of the roughs and toughs of the city. Tammany Hall, iP0w the Sun office, was on the oppo-ite corner from Freuch s, and this was the headquarters of the Empire Club, of whi. h the late Captain Isaiah Rvnders was the chief. To say that this crowd was a terror, but. faintly describes what they were; bad as we are now, t hank fortune we have no organized ging of the proportions and toughness of tlie Empire Club. Their members railed from 1,200 to 2,000, and they were so thoroughly organized and' drilled that no polipe force could cope with $hem. Uext adjoining Tamtnany Hall, and right under the northern corner* of The Trihnie office was "The Pewter iFug," the resort of thieves and low ruffins, some of whom died in that cellar with their boots on. Bight back of French's was old St. John's Hall which was the oldest Masonic Lodge in the city, and it. was here that Henry C. Atwood and some other masons started St. John's "Grand Lodge in opposition to the Grand Lodge of the State of [New York-a breach that was fortunately healed almost f-irty years ago by a grand reunion at Triplcr Hall. But as I said, French's is being torn down, and in a few months The World office will look down in silent contempt upon the office of The Sun. I can almost hear Pulitzer, as he site in his rragnifieent quarters looking down on Dana's dingy sanctum, too whooing like llie owl 111 the fable who sat above the gallows of the murderer who had put out her little one's eves, " Revenge is sweet 1 Revenge is sweet!" The revelations before the Committee now pngagedin investigating emigration matters hare been somewhai. startling. First we went for the Chinamen, but a strict investigation proved that there were not comparatively a corporal's guard of them in the United States Then we gave the Italians a shake un, but bad as they are they are evidently not the worst. Kow the immigrant deluge, that, threatens us is from "Russia. Poland, Hungary and Bohemia. The Italian does not enter into competition with our labor element except in its lowest forms of street cleaning, digging and ra Iroad work ; but these miserable races are driving American men and American women from many forms of skilled labor. Ten years a go in one clothing manufactory girls were pj. clasivelr employed " nnd they made from eight to fifteen doiinrs a week. Since the advent of the Russians, Bohemians, Hungar ians and Poles, men have taken the placed of American women and girls and the wages have fallen one half. Aside from every other considers!ion the men arc brutal in their habits nnd disgustingly filthy in their persons and altogether iooo!Tensivefovciviliz»d women fo mingle mi',. Tt. is amongst ibis class of immigrants that you fine? your an archists, dy amitc-s and other desperate characters. Few of them can speak our language and they don't, want to speak it TVr want to become citizcns beeiuse (hoy find that the franchise has a market value on election day. Just think of nine thousand of such being poured down on ne in a single dav ! Wo are confronted with a a terrible problem in this labor matter, and the further we go with the investigation the Wor=e it looks. Gradually and quietly these unsavory ele ments have undermined the labor marked, till it has come to be a choice for thousand's of women and girls b-tween degradation and starvation. Notwithstanding our stringent Jaws against the importation of contract labor, thousands of these miserable wretches are unloaded here every week, their passages and all their expanses being paid by their American employe-9 and aflerwa-ds de ducted from their wages with two hundred per cent, interest. We '-are also a law which compels the captain nnd officers of nil sea going vessels belonging to the United States to be citizens of the United Stat. s. But here we have a ba <d rf perjurers »ho in consideration of a ten dolla- hill will swear a captain's papers through the Costom House though he only arrived in the country yesterlay. A i arty has just been discovered here who made a regular business of this j kind of perjury, receiving ten dollars for every set of papers en sworn through. A handsome young girl who swore to the condition of herself and associates, said that she and eight others slept in a room six bv sine, in one of those tenement hells that dis grace JTew York. The mere thought of the horror of eucb a thing these sweltering nights is dreadful. No wonder the poor creatures seek the sidewalks ar.d the roofs ; even the cold flagstones must be a paradise in compari son with this. One night this week the police raided the tramps who made a business of sleeping in parks. They got about 180 of them, and when ihey were brought up before the tilting magistrate next morning lie discharged I hem all, as lie considered it perfectly justifiable ti get a nap anywhere this weather, ami the fact of a man being asleep in » park was no evidence of his being a vagrant or a trauiu. I suppose in your time you hare heard of instances of cheek, but I think there is nothing cooler or more adamantine recorded than this:-A man crossing Union Square was attacked by a footpad who made a grab at his watch ; the man held his watch while the thief had the chain, ajid by a sudden jerk he broke the chain and was about to make off ?when he was seize I by the man, but. with a quick movement he slipped out of his coat, leaving it in the hands of his would-be captor, and making off with the piece of chain. About half an hour afterwards he came up to the gentleman and demanded the return of his coal; the gentleman refused to give it up and the thief threatened to sue him iu the first place for stealing his coat, for felonious assault iu the second place, and for getting pioperty into his possession under false pre tenses in the third place! If you can beat that for cheek out your way, walk up and take the head. Politics a re jest a hil/u here, though it is rather amusing to see different estimates llu.t the respective party papers form each of other. Take up the Tribune and the Press, aud you learn that all is quiet at the Democratic head quarters ; that Scott has been practically laid on the shelf and that Gorman is running the Committee, and that prominent Democrat was heard to remark that Cleveland hadn't the ghost of a chance, and that apathy reigned supreme in the Democratic Committee, lor they found that free trade had drowned the party. T'lic:» take a look :it the World, the Times, the Herald, the Slar, (he Telegram, and you there learn that Harrison has virtu ally retired from the race and that Mr. Mirloit had refused to open his barrel as he knew it was money thrown aw.iy. The World's most reliable reporter was sent to the Kepublican headquarters to interview Mr. Quay, but finding him absent, learned from a clerk that Mr. Cleveland's popularity with the masses and the linn stand he had taken for civil service reionu and Protection made his success I inevitable thai tiie .Republicans concluded to ; throw up the sponge and make i:o further figh . The plain facts are that both parties are liioruughij1 organized and working ate beavers. Jbor working efficiency the present Democratic Committee has never been sur passed ; it is perfect in every department, j The same may be said of the Kepublican ; Committee. At lhe head of every bureau j are geullemen ol great, ability and experience. ! A more able body of men never guiiied thaL ! party to victory or defeat. It is a fair race an.l a square race. Which will win ? Let us wait and see. 