btifLON.bON L 'ETTER5, (Plok 00oino 0* dOlnicr6tiObld t:) You will have heard that Parliament is up till November G. To say the least, it has been an eventful session, as much for fhb work done .s for the controversies whilh hand ailhseh blit of the action O'Do~aiiell v. Thb ±imtcs in thd coistlo of which things bhate ib'en said aiid imuitita tions cast broadfbst, dsb'fii hich; while the matter is sub judice, so t eppdbt, It i?ould have been wise. to have been reticent. Another feature of the session has been the cnsistency with which the Liberal Unionists have given their support to the Government. While this supoort has not been half-hearted, it has not been subser bfint, tot nori mote thaf one occasion they htite agieid to differ oh solha crucial point in ecbbetetoio .ttii the thief Gotetninient measures whic icao i jl?ibd .ut of the region of controvers listo tdie Statutd.book. That the Government was wise in yielding to the representations of those who are friendly to the union need hardly to be demonstrated, since in yielding a ready appreciatlon of the f buggetibn's itide; it belt tflllled certain blgiitioits it soit tindr to Lord Iarting= ton when ha agrebd to etrir theb votes of thb Liberal unionists to the Cooheervatise side of the House. I need not comment upon the bitterness of debate as fostered and carried on by men like Sir W. Har coctit Mr, Labouchere, Sir W. Law soit rlit. 'JP Healy, etc, eta., since thefe. it fltiifln ?o to reflect upon but its dregs, lwhich etr ch'rtinily not f a s*pet espallingg odb'uh: Itis eiloiglh to sly that, Parlaieiont is up fob a short holiday; and that id the lub i hd?o btenl handed over to the painters an decorittors, the readers of the daily papers will not be sorry, i only for a Chaigic, tb Pie dosed to the fail ?tith toio Ideas asd strange events which are conmbn to the '!ig goose berry ceason. It ought to bi mentioned, however, because its importonce will bhe recognised by the colonies, that on the eve of breaking up Mr. Smith obtained leave to introduce a bill to establish is Board of Agriculture for Great Britain. Mr. Goschen visited the seat of Lord tondodedry the other day, near Stockton, hnd gave the Gladstonians a little more of his mihd than some people may consider consistent with moderation in spe@@h; be cause well rounded periods scarcely ever carry weight with the reflective if they are tinged with what looks like abuse. As Mr. Goschen can be brilliant without resorting to theiuqgcnquec whi'h the lesser lights of thOe Huse indulge iii; it to thought in some quarters to be a pity that he teoolted to the mallet when lie might have used the lancet with far more success. HIe asked whether the great heart of the nation was only found in constituencies where the Gladstonians were triumphant, since the Liberal- Unionists had got at least a half of its heart, and lie tickled the ears of the groundlings when he added, "One might think from their boastings and their fondness for tall language that the Glad stonians possessed a whole dictionary of braggadocia from which they were always extracting something magnificent." Clearly in Mir. Goschen's view Sir W. Harcourt is the Bombastes Furioso of the Liberal camp, and that lie was thus referred to in order to slhow that hlie has the courage to displace the booth, and to meet Bombastes fane to fact. The enquiry 'which will shortly take place into the charges brouight against the Irish members is a facile subject of ilis. eussion among all classes of the community, and the wildest theories are deduced from what has already occurred and what is likely to happen. Indeed there are some people who are of opinion that the Tower will be crowded about February next with certain persons who will have to stand their trial on charges of high treason, while others declare they cill come out of the ordeal with clean hands, and with in creased strength and power as a political pdrty: It will be remembered that the Parnel lites were not in favour of the appointment of Mr. Justice Day as ono of the judges on the tommiseion, owing, ds it was alleged, to his anti-Dish sympathies, and it is understood that though the learned Judge placed his resignation in the hands of the Govenoment it was declined in terms which evinced that the Government had every faith in his judicial independence. Since then no less a personage than General Sir E. BIllmer, who was a member of the Belfast Commission, has come to the rescue, and in aletter which was read by the First Lord of the Treasury in the House of Commons at the request of Mr. Morley, to whom it was sent, he completely exonerates the learned Judge fromithe charges which were hurled at him from the Opposition side of the House. As Mr. Parnell has at last decided to subject his grievances to a Sctch jury, the proceedings of the commission would be to some extent anticipated if the trial should come off. It is understood that summonses have been served upon the proprietor and publisher of The Tilmes, as well as upon other publishers in Scotland who published the pamphlet " Parnellism and Crime," to answer Mr. Parnell's com plaint of libel in the Court of Session at Edinburgh, about October next. That the public are curious to know the result of this trial will go without saying. It may be added that the press, as a rule, is silent upon the wisdom of the course, which Mr. Parnell, at the eleventh hour, has decided to adopt, and this perhaps because it looks like censuring the act of the Government. The damages is laid at £50,000. As the mail closes information has reached yourcorrespondent thaton various technical grounds Mr. Parnell's action in the Scotch courts must collapse. The Commission will commenwe its proceedings on October 16 in the Probate Court. Clearly if the Scotch action could be maintained on legal grounds, the witnesses would, like Roche's bird, have to be in two places at once. The Government has resolved to on courage dairy farming. The other day it granted the sum of £150 to the Cheshire Dairy Institute as a reward for the good work it has accomplished, and, what is more, £5000 is promised to help on similar enterprise in other parts of the country. This ,liberality must lead to results that cannot but benefit dairy farming in the colonies, for if the colonies take instruc tion from us in any sense it is rather from a practical than political point of view, since they have enough troubles of their own in the latter groove to care to graft our incongruities upon them. The seed merchants of England have lately been experimentalising on the cross fertilisation of different varieties of wheat, with the view to produce seed that will defy rust. If they should succeed, they will confer a blessing upon thie farmer which he will not be. slow to appreeiiate. One seed merchant has twvelve now sorts of wheat, the types of which are considered so thoroughly fixed that they might be dis tributed for seed if sufficient quantities were available. Presently colonial farmners may hear more of this matter. The naval manwuuvres, which are still in progress, are anything but child's play, since both the defending and invading squadrons are doing their best to dis tinguish themselves. The fun of the thing is that thle enemy not only captures the port's upon our coast and lays the in habitants under contribution, but he chases and captures ships homeward bound from colonial and foreign peorts. Off the coast of ireland what the Sandfly has been doing will serve as an example for the rest of the invading ships. She has captured six Transatlantic liners, besides five merchant men,and is still at sea intent on plunder. Though the "enemy" are so successful, there are those who think that if their guns were turned on a foreign foe who should be disposed to try and take a leaf out of their book, we should speedily make short work of him, since what we are doing is but mimic warfare in which men of equal pluck and knowledge of seamanship are engaged. There can of course be no harm in an enemy of oar own kith demonstrating our weak points, but it a foreigner should look to make capital out of his skill it is certain be would be sadly mistaken. Looking at the advanced age of Count Von Moltke his retirement had been long discounted by those who anow him inti mately, and the reason why he did not carry out his intention five years ago is that he did not care to quit the service while his old master lived. BIoth had borne the brunt of many a battle that led up to the unification of Germany, and it seemed to Moltke that while the Emperor was some years his senior he could hardly advance the plea of age for his retirement, to say nothing of the consciousness of pain which sush a course would inflict upon his old comrade In arms. When, however, the litapetor and his son had been gathered to the tomuiol their anoestors and a new era set in, all conse:entioitri EsrupleB disap peared, and the brave old man laid at the febt of the grandson the'laurels which he had won under the rule of the grandsire. Gosanlpmnpgers and sensationalists may descant ill }lefirs calculated to create alarm On this subject, but t?e fants are simply as yort coriespoident states theni. It s niot ia littil eieli ar;.hbasever; that while Wel lington held oil to the ervice' to the last, Moltke should elect to retire hliile yet there is breath in his body. The friends of State.aided'emigration onl this aide-and they are many and influen tial-oar taking comfort from Mr. Smith's tnhouncement that it is the intention of the (overhillont next session to move for the apiioihtmeqit of it coltmittee to enquire in' thid *holo qiqestiont. ideing that ''asmanla irijlilked abqve all things capital and labour, it may bO hoped the time is not far distant when she will be supplited with both. Anyway,Tasnmaniashouldtakd care to have her views represented on this committeo. .:lhoe rltaostr is again repeated that the ýhite PDlshntl aedei Il the Soudan is no ,thei thmin Steiley. If it be hli, and it be true that his forfie, thosigh plinost without clothes, is, as it is said tbo e, Of enormol?s strength, clearly he can hold his tweh. The Arabs have a superstition that the "White Pasha" is the ghost of General Gordon. The French Ministry are very much esltciredl at the success of Boulanger at tihe recent electiofld. To show how much ihe eliced'Ou lo t!h; influenee he has been able 0b crets h' anllowesc himself to be tnomil i'ated for thre dilbartt?iefts, ??O all of which he was returried by lanig`s tajoritiOn. The returns of the elections were resfded in trailgpareicies at the office of La Cocarde in iarii, to the no small delight of the re formers, who arb in sympathy with iloplanger. It is a pity that the Senate iL the United States should have thrown out the" Fishery Bill, because it shblve what party controversies will lend men to do. If the bill had been thrown out oh Ita.merite it would have been another thing, but s9 far as can be judged the bill was a wholesome cotmptonise of the question, arid as it is, unless wiclomi prevalls alike in the States and in Canada, the ridtlof? of the Senate may lead to controversies which it will be diflicult to allay. There is a saving quality, however, in the fact that the existing arrangement is to last for two years. In the isttetim perhaps common sense may asert itself. If the infiuence of the 4icthdd of the Marquis of Normanby should be omiccso. ful, it is likely that this nobleman will bh' the next Governor of South Australia. Looking to his antecedents as a statemau, ouch an appointment, it may be inferred, wvould not be popular with South Aus ralilans. Sir Arthur Ifodgson is going to, re-visit the scoenes of his pioneer days in Queens land and .New South Wales. He is ia man who very many old squatterS, will re member. When he was doing his pioneer sork the thought, perhaps, never entered lis mind that lie would become very ' chummy," both with the Prince of WVales and the Duke of Edinburgh, and three times nMayor of Warwick, As Sir Arthur ins inny friends in It'atUflmia It is possible lie may elect to do olt viil the CasPO and aine a look in at llobart. Nuw Westminster, ie British Colimbia, is attracting a lot of emigrants just now. hile resources there are said to be vast enough to accommodato any numtsber of people, and as for living, that; they say; is choeaper than in any other part of the world. Fancy buying a nilmon 101bu weight for Is. If the resources of Tas mania were better known here than they are, perlaps the population would be trebled in very few years. Then who knows how soon the Deriwent may be able to eclipse tho Fraser River in its field of saluon. As however, capital and labour are guided in a sense by the incidence of taxation, it may be as well to say that the tax rnito at New Westminster for the curoeut year has been fixed at one and one-third of 1 per cent. on the dollar, with ia discoiut of 10 per cent. on all taxes paid on or before the a1st July, and that taxes are only leviedl on real estate, and not upon building im provomonts. Tile rate is, therefore, much lower than it appears to be. This is a big subject for the consideration ef statesmen in the colonies at the antipodes, if they are to hold their own with colonies nearer home. Notwithstanding the repressive laws in existence in the United States as regards the importation of Chinamen, it is said, on the authority of Mr. Mitchell, that somie hing like four thousand Chinamon enter the United States secrotly every month through the agency of th,, steamers I rad ng to Asia, and connected with the Canadian Pacific Railway. It is strange but there has been a great paucity of telegrams in the London papers in reference to the Molbourno Ex libition. Two steamers are being constructed to ily between hamburg and Australia. It is a pity there is not more frequent and direct communication between Europe and Tasmania. The IH Imburg venture has heen founded by the bianch establishment of the Deutsche Bank. London, Aug. 25. 