j SPORTING. i' - : SPORTING GOSSIP. The prophecies of 99 per cent, cf Sydney boating-men were verified on Satnrday last, when the N.S.W. so-called representatives received, on the Saltwater Biver, an ignom- inious dressing-down at the bands of the Vic- torian eight- oar crew. When names were first picked for a crew, four Sydney Bowing Club oarsmen-the brothers Keane dy, John- son, and Dobson-drunk with their victory last season in several raoes over very indiffer sent| crews, refused to row, and it wa* only after a deal of persuasion tbÁfc they consented to take aeats. . Had the four beenatip-tep men ra an eight; it would bare been %ad enough for the Association so to degrade it- self, but neither Gerald Kennedy's nor Dob son's performances and style in an eight en- title him, as a matter of course, to seats in a truly representative crew. Kennedy, last year, caught a crab which throw the whole crow out of .gear, and recently Dobson, who was, absurdly enough, made stroke, repeated the performance, and ca a sed the crew to stop rowing at what would have been a vital part of the race-had they had the ghost of a show. Nice intercolonial crewe, troly, which cannot row over a course without floundering and catching crabs like a parcel of school-girls ! After all the racing that has been got brough (remarks tho Sydney Mail) sporting mea are still at a loss on which to assign the proud titi« of "The colt of the season." The question rests entirely between Aber- corn and The Australian Peer, and notwith- standing that these two great rivals met nine times, it is still a matter of doubt and dis- cussion. They first measured strides in the A. J.C. Derby, when Abercorn won in a canter from Niagara, with The Australian Peer.t|i$, in 2min. 89*sec. jj but the order of things was reversed in the Victorian Derby, where- in The Peer defeated bis opponent, who ran a dead heat with Niagara for seaohd place, by a length, in 2min. 40soc. At the some meeting The Peer, 7st. Sib., ran third to Dunlop and Silvermine for the fastest, Melbourne Cup ever run, while Aberrocn, 7et 71b., failed to get near the front, and on the fourth day of tho meeting further proved his superiority, over the chestnut fiy beating him cleverly for the Canterbury Plate, 2£ miles, in 4min. 45sec. Their next contest was for the V.R.C. St. Leger, ,1} miles and 132 yards, when Abercorn began to turn the tables and beat him hf : three quarters of a length in 3.15|. Thea came their meeting in the A J.C St. Leger, 1} miles, in which they cantered, waiting upon each other until about .five furlongs from l home, when they settled .down io race, hue" Abereorn's superior pace enabled bin to get home with an advantage of a length and half I in the wretchedly slow time of 3.51. On tue third day, with Arsenal to help him, The Í Peer avenged Ms St. Leger defeat ^by jowe¿. ing Abereorn's colours' in the Cumberland j Stakes, 2 miles, by a length and a quarter, in i 3min. 361 sec. Their last engagement was on Saturday week, in the Australian Jockey j Clnb Plate, 3 miles, when, after a wondeáaí ! ly exciting race, Abercorn'proved that THB I Chesters can stay by beating the son .of j Darebin by two lengths in 5min. 37"Vseo. Anyone who can split such form, and tell us i whether the Hon. James White has a better colt than that possessed by Mr. William i Gannon, or whether the latter bas a botter I animal than that owned by the Squire of j Kirkham, must be clever indeed, and the future must decide which gentleman has the honour of possessing "the colt of the season." A very promising Tyneside sculler named Charles Carr has challenged Wallace Boss to row forth» championship of England and J6200 aside, the match to come off on the Tyne. ; Ben Bolt, who came home third in the Place Handicap at Randwick on the last day of the A.J.C. meeting, was struck eut of a place by the stewards owing to the fact that on returning to seale, the horse was led away, taking with him the saddle-cloth, and the rider failed to draw the scale when Le came to be weighed in. This action cost the owner -650, the amount of the third prize. Hutchens challenges the world for 300 yards. In selecting his very best distance, the Putney man shows that he is going down the hill. A "few years ago he would have conceded a staft to any man in the world at mU distances up to a quarter of a mile. In 1881, Myers and he were training together, and it was well known that the pro. could easily defeat the amateur at 440 yards, Hutchens' great deeds at Sheffield may never be equalled. The English football team is composed of stalwart young fellows from the various clubs in the United Kingdom, and comprises three International men :-B. L. Seddon, H. Eagles, and W. H. Thomas, of Cambridge University and Wales, all forwards, together with the following:-J. T. Haslam, A. Paul (Lancashire), backs ; H. C. Speakman (Ches- hire), Dr. H. Brooks (Durham), J. Anderton (Lancashire),three-quarterbacks; W. Brum- by (Lancashire), J. Nolan (Rochdale Hor- nets), W. Burnett (Roxburgh County), half- backs ; and the following other forwards. C. Mathers (Yorkshire), S. Williams (Lan casbire1', T. Banks (Lancashire), A. J. Stuart (Yorkshire), J. P. Clowes (Yorkshire), % Ktnt (Lancashire), A. P. Pinbeth (Isle "oF Man), if. Burnett (Roxburgh County), A. J. Laing (Roxburgh County), and laBt, but by no means least, Dr. J. Smith, the famous Scotch International Association player, who has come out as umpire, but will, now and then, throw some of that 15 stone of his into the " bully " for a charge. Tom Hales, Australia's premier jockey, and Adam Lindsay Gordon were once together on a station in South Australia, the former as a i stockrider : the poet as a horsebreaker. ! The Marquis of Aylesbury, who last year was warned off the English turf, has ap ; pealed to the Joekey Club for the removal of his disqualification. A regatta took place on tho Upper Tarra lately! confined to amateur oarsmen not manual labourers. The Albert. Park and Banks Club rowed a splendid race for the Senior Fours, the former coming in first, but having taken tho wrong side of the bury, the race was awarded to ¿.the Banks.. «At. the> presentation of prîmes hf t|ie ©verii§gj^otbî crewe refused to accept the priée, the Banks for the reason that they had been defeated on their merits, and the Parks because thay had fairly lost by breaking a ru}e. 