WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. FIRST DAY. i The fifteenth annual session of the South Australian Wesleyan Conference was opened in the Puie- street Church on Tuesday evening, January 17. The following members were present :— The Bevs. J. Y. Simpgon (retiring president), J. Bickford, T. Baston, O. Lane, T. Lloyd, S. Knight, H. T. Burgess, B S. Casely, O. H. Goldsmith, J. Allen, T. Ed meadeB, A. Stubbs, D. 8. Wytie, B. AC Hunter, C. T. Newman. J. Haslam, J. Leggoe, J. Nicholson, B. G. Edwards, D. O'Donuell, J. Bead, W. B. Mather, J. H. Trevorrow, A. -T Rntrln OT TT Pnfn TV M' R.nnra R. K'ollt7 J. D. Langsf ord, W. Reed, S. F Prior, W. A. LangBfotd. H. H. Teague, J. Gillingham, W. H. Hanton, J. Watts, J. N. Mills, I. Perry, T. B. Angwin, M.A., G. E. Bo we, W. A. Bainger, J. H. Gobs, J. H. Hadley, W. Stewart, G. Hall, J. Nairn. W. G. Clarke, J. O. Hill, S. Bousiter, H. 0- George, W. H Hodge, C. H. Nield, J. J. Nicholla, A. P. BurgesB, A. W. Bray, B. Dein stall, F. Finch, W. A. Millikan, A. D. Bennett, A. S. J. Fry, H. Trewren, G. B. Wheatley, T. Trestrail, H. Wilkinson. Dispensations were granted to the Revs. E. Barber, J. Blocket, G. W. Kendrew. T. E. Thomas, M.A., and W. A. Potts, who were prevented by personal or family affliction or other cause from attending. The Rev. J. Y. Simpson (the retiring presi dent) delivered the following address : — Fathers and Brethren — It is cause for pro found thankfulness that through the mercy of our God we are assembled here to-night with unbroken ranks. Our church in England has, during the past year, been called upon to suffer severe Ioes in the decease of auoh men as Mr. Barlow, of Bolton, and Sir William MacAithur— men whose princely munificence and devoted service to the Methodist Church is known to alL In common with the other branches of our Australian church we mourn the death of the Rev. William Butters, of London. The choicest years of his ministry were given to Australian Methodism, and the service thus rendered by his wise administrative ability and eloquent ministry live in the grateful recollection of those who had the privilege of being associated with him in church work. The Christian Church can ill afford to lose such men as these— men of large hearts, Catholic sympathies, manly in the world's arena, genial in human citizenship, but reserving their intensest affection for the cause of God. Shortly after the close of the last Con ference the committee of privileges deemed it advisable to send a deputation of repre sentative ministers and laymen to convey the fraternal greetings of our church to the conferences of the Bible Christian and Primitive Methodist churches. The reception accorded to us was most cordial and respectful, and the representatives of these churches in their replies expreaaed the admiration and respect entertained by them towards the Wesleyan Methodist Church. A kindly co-operation in Christian work where practicable, and a fuller cultivation of the fraternal epirit between the various Methodist churches of this province, must be productive of much good to ub all. By direction of the last Conference an address conveying the loyal and respect ful congratulations of our church to her Most GraciouB Majesty the Queen on the jubilee of her reign waB prepared and for warded through his Excellency the Governor, to which her Majesty waB pleased to send a reply expressive of her pleasure in receiving the same. Our churcheB observed Sunday, the 19th day of June, 1887, as a speciaLday of thanksgiving for the mercies vouchsafed to our Qaeen, and in the grand united jubilee thanksgiving ser vice, held by the non-Epiecopal denominations in this church, on the 21st of June, I had the honor as your representative of taking part. Tbe jubilee year of our church in this province was closed with appropriate Ber vices in May last. It is most gratify ing to be able to report, that although the year when our jubilee celebrations were held was one of the most dis astrous commercially we have experienced, yet the substantial expression of our people'a gratitude amounts at the present time to the handsome sum of £22,000. In the inception of the movement our un tiring and highly successful jubilee secretary, the Bev. CharleB T. Newman, said—' If the movement is to be productive of all the spiritual and financial results desired it will require the combined energies of ministers and people. I most earnestly pray that whatever financial gain may be realised it will be the outcome of a deeper spiritual life and fuller consecration to the service of God,' and we rejoice that these words have had happy fulfil ment. The first distribution of jubilee funds was made in the month of October, when the sum of £3,500 waB granted to the most dis tieseed trusts, thus affording timely and sub* stantisl relief where most required. Our church building enterprises during the year have been comparatively few, and in most inbtances we have profited by past ex periences, and the greater part of the necessary funds have been obtained before the erections have been completed. I have had the honor of laying the foundation-stones of two new churches, viz., a handsome church moBt centrally situated at Laura and one of simpler architectural proportions at Eo.do.uda. Our friends at Sudunda deserve special praise ior tbe position they assumed in the outset, viz., that they would raise all the money necessary to complete the building before they proceeded with the work, and I rejoice to say they have been successful I have also opened a neat and commodious church at Bordertown, which will be amply sufficient for our church work there for many years. An Act to adapt and asfsimilate the existing trusts of the Wesleyan Methodist Church properties to the present constitution of our church in South Australia, and for other collateral purposes, has passed the Legislature during the last sessions of Parliament and re ceived the assent of the Crown. Whilst the Bill does not grant all that we desired, yet in some important particulars it will be of much service to our church. Through the generosity of the Messrs. Ghaffey Brothers we have obtained a selection of lands for church purposes in their new irri gation colony of ReDmark. The Conference evangelist, the Rev. David O'Donnell, has labored with untiring energy and devoted enthusiasm. His work, which has principally been confined to the oountry towns, has been marked with a gratifying measure of success. The financial results have caused the committee some amount of anxiety, which we hope will be removed by the gene rosity of those who are most able to assist. Two gatherings of special interest have been held during the year. The first, a class leaders' convention, was held in August. The atten dance was good, and fairly representative. Thoughtful papers were read and admirable addresses followed, emphasising the conviction that our class meetings are the mainstay of our spiritual activities. The second gathering was of that large and respected body to whom we owe so much for the establishment and development of Metho dism in South Australia — the local preachers. The response to the invitation was hearty, and the meeting was large, considerine the season of the year at which it was convened. Papers on different phases of a preacher's work were read, and frank discussion followed. The pro posal for the establishment of a Local Preachers' Association to asBist aged and infirm brethren waB cheerfully adopted. Such an association should commend itself to our people, who owe so much to the generous labors of these de voted men. Our Home Mission work has been sustained in the face of many difficulties among the navvies on the Gi eat Northern line— the people in the new mining districts, and the settlers on Kangaroo Island, with some measure of success. We earnestly hope that with the return of com mercial prosperity our people will realise their responsibilty to greatly augment their con tributions to the Home Mission fund, so that our church may be enabled to continue the Christ-like work of going 'not only to those who need us, but to thoee who need us most,' Our Northern Territory mission continues to flourish. Our minister at Palmerston, the Bev. J. R. Bradbury, who is now the only Protestant minister in the Northern Territory, writes hopefully of the future, and states that our church never commended itself more to he people there than it does to-day. | We nope to be able to make arrangements at this Conference for the appointment of a minister who has acquired the language and has labored for many years among the Chinese, so that some well-directed efforts may be made for the evangelisation of the Chinese population in the Northern Territory. From Western Australia we hear of the extension of our work in the occupancy of new fields of labor, and of extensive proposals for the erection of new churcheB and par sonages. From the returnu furnished me by the several district meetings I gather that we have 7,662 members, with 820 on trial, who are under the care of 403 class-readers. In our Sunday-schools we have 19,905 scholars. The attendants at oar publio worship are 49,054, who are ministered to by 80 ministers and 416 local preachers. Yet with all the labor expended the results are far from satisfactory. We have a right to expect to see ''signs following' in much greater abundance. More attention must be given to our young people — in home, and church, and schcol. The conversion and church member ship of the young should lie near to our hearts. It should be second to none in our labors and prayers. Can we not make the public services more attractive to the young men and maidens of our church ? Can we not endeavor to gather them into classes under careful conscientious leaders by whom they may be trained in Biblical knowledge and in true Christian life? and tnua equipped and strengthened our young people will be better prepared than they now are to meet the scepticism of these times. The trend of thought today is sceptical, and it may become more so before it again becomes reverent and faithful — for we believe there .is a nobler faith before us, and with it truer view* oflife and duty, or else the world will die. None can deny that thought is mow daringly exercised and expressed on religious matters than it uBed to be. Views of God's truth are openly advanced and without fear of rebuke, which would scarcely have been ventured upon a generation since, even by thoee who were suspected of a freer thought. Numbers of people have now what are called broader views — more liberal ideas than their fathera bad— and whilst prof ensedly Christian, interpret Christianity in a different way. Tha popular literature of the day is saturated with tbe sceptical spirit, and the people cannot es cape ita influence. This freer thought may be closely allied with the decay of faith and death of piety— perhaps these are its special dangers, and we have need to guard against them. Ourgreatestneedto dayasOhrietian Ohurches is an increase of spiritual po^er. What pre cisely is spiritual power ? If I may attempt to define it I should say that it is the power which cornea to him alone who has utterly and unreservedly yielded himself up to God, and who in the Btrength of a personal experience from his heart can say, ' I believe in the Holy GhoBt, the Lord and Giver of Life.' Spiritual [power is something additional to the Christian life — a distinct and separate gift —linked to the Holy ihost on God's aide and to faith on our tide. It is a living faith in the Triune God —a large faith laying its hand of strength on all the promises, especially those that promise the gift of the Holy Ghost, not as an influence,butasadivineper8on. Spiritual power demands the abandonee, healthfulness and sweetness of the Christian life. Entire consecra tion is one of its conditions. They who possess it walk humbly with their God and cultivate that tenderness of heart which fears to grieve Him. Living illustrations of its possession are ia the circle of your acquaintance. I do not quote f amouB preachers or evangelist?, homelier examples will fit us better. Such men and women have not necessarily commanding in tellects — are not masters of eloquence or of tha art of managing men, are not born leaders ; yet they have something about them that attracts, disarms, interests, penetrates and by God's grace communicates itself to others. Their Christian life has that contagious quality whioh the early Methodists called unction. Living as we do in stirring times of large opportunities, and surrounded as we are with abundant agencies for Christian service, shall the aspiration of our souls to-night be — Oh for this gift of power; upon ourselves. Fathers and brethren, rest not without its bestowment. Wait in fervent prayer and earnest expectancy until it is given, and then you will be able to say, ' Now will I teach- tranBtrressors Thy ways, and sinners shall be converted unto Thee.' Have we not indulged too much in casting baokward glances upon the glorious achievements of Christianity in the generations that are past? Do we not need frankly to confess oar past shortcomings of service and boldly face the stern duties of the present and the limitless possibilities of the fufcare? Let us look facts honestly in the face. Events are moving faster than ordinary thinkers suppose. We live in a transition age. Our first essential duty is to secure the conver sion of men — tret men and women soundly con verted, get them really to trust in the Lord Jesus as a personal Saviour, and they shall then exhibit the victorious strength and vigor of a renewed life, originated and sustained by direct fellowship with God. We need to exhort Christian men and women to be daring enthusiastic workers in Christ's name. More fully than ever we must employ consecrated and capable laymen who are willing to give the whole of their time to the direct work of . God. Where- the gospel is not preached let ub be determined to preach it. True it is but little at the beat we can do. Our influence at ita widest is contracted within a - narrow range ; upon the noontide of our longest day the shadows swiftly lengthen/ When we calculate on future years death laughs at oar frailty, and reminds us we ar» dust. We received unfinished work from our fathers, and will transmit it still unfinished to our children. Watchmen ! it iB not given us to tarry till the shadows flee away for ever. Soldiers of Christ ! we must endure hardness, fight the good fight of faith bravely for a while, and then our hn-nria will stiffen and our ? comrades will bury us before the conflict with sin shall be ended. But the.present is ours. We have room to work, and light to work in. The oppor- ~ tunities of yesterday can never be recalled, but we can honestly face the responsibilities - of to- day. We must not shrink from thinking - about them; they lie between us and God. There are passionate needs and great en couragements, such as no previous age ever possessed, for honest work for God and the eouls of men. 'Who then is willing to con- - secrate bis service this day unto the Lord 7' Fathers and brethren, shall that be our offering to- night? Amen. The election of a president for the ensuing' year was then proceeded with, the choice fall ing on the Rev. James Hnntem (ex secretary of the Conference),, in whose favor 31 votes were recorded. The Bev. S. Knight was second on the list with 12 votes. The president, who, on taking the chair, was greeted with applause, was presented with, the Conference Bible and seal by the retiring Peesident, who congratulated him on the election, expressing the hope that his term of ' office would be a year of peace and prosperity. The Pbesident thanked the members of the Conference for the honor conferred upon him. Any member of the ministry who pretended ha was not flattered in being elected president showed either a lack of sincerity, or that his physical frame was out of order. Twenty years ago he had longed to fill the presidential chair, but in later years this desire had been counter balanced by hi* fears of the responsibilities of the office. For more than 21 years he had labored as a minister in the colony, and the knowledge his brethren had gained of him during that time rendered a sketch of his career unnecessary. He would also depart from the usual practice jof giving a motto for the year. So many had been, pressed into service in the past that it was almost impossible to find a fresh one that waB appropriate. He - would, however, aek them to call to mind the best that had been given by bis predecessors, - and act np to it. The Conference that they were about to engage in would be a most im portant one, as they would have to discuss questions that would be brought : forward at the triennial conference whioh was to follow. This would of course be discussed at the mixed conference to ba held the following week, but at the mi^i«irt.»pia.i conference during the ensuing week they would have the important work to perform of ap pointing ministers and of appointing preachers to the various stations. In this work they should act on the principle of self-abnegation, considering the work first and themselves and families afterwards. This was the only way in which they could carry out their duties faithfully. Their duty in this matter was clearly laid down in the rule of the first Con ference, which set out that each member should do as the Conference directed him. This was the only way in which the church to which they belonged could be powerful in saving bouIb. A church like theirs, lacking age, wealth, and influence, must have the self sacrificing spirit on the part of its ministers if it was to progress. Never did the times so demand this as at the present, when no pre tensions were allowed unless well grounded. The pulpit would not lose its power if tha ministers were self-sacrificing and devoted to Christ more than the men and women sur rounding them. The election of secretaries of the Conference resulted in the return of the Rev. D. S. Wyhe as general secretary, and the Bsvs. J, Nichol son and B. Kelly as assistant secretaries. The Bev. B. S. Oasely was appointed letter-writer. The Bev. 0. Lane moved a vote of thanks to the retiring president for his able, diligent, and faithful discharge of the onerous duties of tbe office daring the past year. The Rev. J. Bicefobd seconded the motion, and several members spoke in terms of high praise of the able and courteous manner in whioh the Bev. Sir. Simpson had discharged the duties devolv- - iDg upon him. The motion was carried with, acclamation, and Mr. Simpson having re sponded, he was presented with a Bible as a memento of his year of office. A vote of thanks was accorded to the Rev. J. Haslam for the able manner in which he had carried out the duties of secretary daring the past year. A vote of sympathy was passed to the Bev. G. W. Kendrew, whose wife was seriously njured through her clothing catohing fire the previous day. (The lady subsequently died). The ruleB of the previous Conference regulat de the length of the sittings were agreed to, The stations aB recommended by the station ng committee are as follow : — I.— Southern Distbioi. Adelaide (Pirie street) — Samuel Knight, Samuel F. Prior (Draper Memorial), James Bead (Mile End), Richard Dunstan (Parkside). James Bickford (Parkside), supernumerary. Adelaide (Archer-street) — John H, Tre vorrow, John Watts (Prospect). Adelaide (Kent Town)— B. Morris Hunter, William Reed (Payneham). Thomas Baston (Kent Town), supernumerary. Adelaide (Norwood and Magill)— Robert S. Casely, Charles Lane (Magill). Adelaide (Brompton) — Thomas Lloyd. Unley — James Haslam. GJenelg — J. Young Simpson. Port Adelaide and Semaphore— William A. Langsfoid (Semaphore), George K. Boira (Port), Gumeracha— William A. Potts. Willunga — John D. Langaford. Clarendon— Archibald J. Bogle. Aldgate and Summertown —One to be sent. Mount Barker— Robert Kelly, one to be sent (Woodnde). Murray Bridge and Callington — To ba snpplird. „ _ . SUathalbyn— George W. Kendrew, Tankalilla— Edward Baiber. Goolwa— Charles H. Goldsmitb. Kangaroo Island— To be supplied. Palmerston— James R. Bradbury. IT — Middle Distbici. Gawler— William H. Rofe. Kapunda — James Allen. Angaston— Thomas B. Angwin, M.A, Templers and Stockport— John Nairn. Bnira— Henry T. Burgess, Augustas D, Bennett. Clare— Albert Stnbba, Albert W. Bray. Auburn — John H. Gk)BB. EivertoiiT-John Iieggoe. Hanson— To be supplied. Eudnnda— Alfred P. Burgess. IIL— NOBTHBBN DlSTBICT. Melrose — William A. Bainger. Wilmington — Frederick S. Finch. Beltana and Blinman— To be supplied. Port Pirie— William G. Clarke. Crystal Brook and Redhill— Samuel Rossiter. Koolunga — Thomas M. Bowe. Jamestown — John Gillingham. Laura — W. Benson Mather. Terowie — Isaiah Perry. Port Aupnsta — John C. Hill. Quorn — Thomas E. Thomas, M.A. Hawker— Jonathan J. Nicholls. Oladdie and Walloway (Johnsburg)— Arthur S J. Fry. Petersburg— John Blacket, Teetulpa— One to be sent. Silverton (N.S.W.) — David O'Donnell, Henry C. George. IV.— YOBKE'-S PENTKStTLA DlSTBICr. Moonta— DavidS. Wylie, Joseph H. Hadley (Moonta Mines ) Kadina and Wallaroo— H. Henwood Teagae. Port Wakefield— Walter H. Hanton. Yorketown— Chas. H. Nield. Minlaton— George Hall. Maitland— William Stewart. Ardrossan — Henry Trewren. Port Lincoln— William H. Hodge. EIHston — Henry Wilkinson. Franklin Harbor — One to be s?nt. V'. — SOUTH-EASTERN DlSTBICT. Mount Gambier— Joseph Nicholson. Narracoorte— John N. Mills. Millicent— William A. Millikan. Kingston — Benjamin Dorman. Bordertown— George E. Wheatley. VI. — Westebn Austraua Distbict. Perth— Paul G. Thomas, one from England, J. W. Monland (Guildford). Fremantle— ThomaB A. James. m York— Thomas Bird, one wanted. William to we, supernumerary. Geraldton — Vivian Roberts, Joseph G-. Mitchell (Dongarra). : Albany— Moses Bullas. Bunbnry— Edward Holiday. Newcastle and Nbrtham — Horace FaulL 1\. Cbas. T. Newman is recommended by the jubilee committee to continue as jubilee secre tary. 2\. B. Gilbart Edwards asks permission to rest for one year. 3\. Thos. Edmeades requests to be made a Eupernurnerary. The Conference adjourned at 9.S0 till the following day. 