THE PRIZE YARN. PADDY TIE PIPER, "Dogberry.-Marry, sir, they have com- mitted false reports; moreover they have spoken untruiths; secondarily, they are slanderers; sixthly and lastly, they have belied a lady; thirdly, they have verified unjust things; and to conclude, they are lying knaves." Much ADO ABOUT NOTHING. The only introduction I shall attempt to the following " extravaganza," is, to re- quest the reader to suppose it to be de- livered by a frolicking Irish peasant, in the richest brogue, and most dramatic manner. "I'll tell you, sir, a mighty quare story, and it's as true as I'm. standin' here, and that's not lie :— " It was in the time of the 'ruction;, whin the long sommer days, like many a fine fellow's precious life, was cut short by raison of the martial law--that wouldn't let a decent .boy be out in' the evenin', good or bad ; for whin the day's work was over, devil a one of uz dar go to, meet a frind over a glass, or a girl at the dance, but must go home, and shut our- selves up, and never budge, nor rise latch, nor dhraw boult, antil the morning kem agin. "Well, to come to my story:—'Twas afther nightfall, and we wor sittin' round the fire, and the praties wor boilin', and the noggins of buttermilk was standin' ready for our suppers, whin a nock kem to the door. "' Whisht !' says my father, 'here's the sojers come upon us now,' says he; ' bad luck to thim, the villians, I'm afeared they seen a glimmer of the fire through the crack in the door,' says he. " 'No,' says my mother, 'for I'm afther hangin' an owld sack and my new petticot agin it, a while ago.' " ' Well,' whist, any how,' says my father, 'for there's a knock agin ;' and we all held our. tongues till another thump kem to the door. " 'Oh, it's a folly to purtind any more,' says my father--'they're too cute to be put off that-a-way,' says he. ' Go, Shamus,' says he to me, ' and see who's in it.' " 'How can I see who's in it in the dark ?' says I. " ' Well,' says he, ' light the candle thin, and see who's in it, but don't open the door, for your life, barrin' they brake it in,' says he, ' exceptin' to the sojers, and spake thim fair, if it's thim.' " So with that I wint to the door, and there was another knock. " ' Who's there ?' says I. " 'It's me says he. " ' Who are you ?' says I. " "A frind,' says he. " 'Baithershin,' says I,—'who are you at all?" " 'Arrah ! don't you know me ?' says he. " 'Divil a taste,' says I. " ' Sure I'm Paddy the Piper,' says he. " ' Oh, thunder an turf,' says I, ' is it you, Paddy, that's in it ? ' "' Sorra one else,' says he. " ' And what brought you at this hour?' says I. " ' By gar,' says he, ' I didn't like goin' the roun' by the road,' says he, ' and so I kem the short cut, and that's what de- layed me,' says he. " ' Oh, murther ! says I--' Paddy, I wouldn't be in your shoes for the king's ransom,' says I; 'for you know your- self it's a hangin' matther to be cotched out these times,' says I. " ' Sure I know that,' says he, ' and that's what I kem to you for,' says he ; ' so let me in for owld acquaintance sake,' says poor Paddy. "' Oh, by this and that,' says I, 'I darn't open the door for the wide world ; and sure you know it ; and throth, if the Husshians or the Yeos* ketches you,' says I, ' they'll murther you, as sure as your name's Paddy,' " ' Many thanks to you,' says he, ' for your good intintions; but plase the pigs, I hope it's not the likes o' that is in store for me, any how.' " ' Faix then,' says I,' you had better. loose no time in hidin' yourself' says I; ' for, throth I tell you, it's a short thrial and a long rope the Husshians would be afther givin' you--for they've no justice, and less mercy, the villians !' " ' Faith thin, more's the raison, you should let me in, Shamus,' says poor Paddy. " 'It's a folly to talk,' says I, 'I darn't open the door.' "'Oh then, millia murther ?'' says Paddy, 'what'll become of me at all, at all,' says he. " 'Go aff into the shed,' says I, 'behin' the house, where the cow is, and there there's as iligant look o' straw, that you way go sleep in,' says I, 'and a fine bed it id be for a lord, let alone a piper.' " So off Pady set to hide in the shed; and throth it wint to our hearts to refuse him, and turn him away from the door, more by token when the parties was ready--for sure the bit and the sup i always welkim to the poor traveller. Well, we all wint to bed, and Paddy hid himself in the cow-house ; and now l must tell you how it was with Paddy:— "You see, afther sleeping for some time, Paddy wakened up, thinkin' it was mornin', but it wasn't mornin' at all, but only the light o' the moon that deraved him; but at all evints, he wanted to be stirrin' airly, bekase he was goin' off to the town hard by, it bein' fair day, to pick up a few ha pence with his pipes— for the devil, a betther piper was in all the counthry round, nor Paddy ; and every one gave it up to Paddy that he was iligant an the pipes, and played ' Jinny bang'd the Weaver,' beyant tellin" and the 'Hare in the Corn,' that you'd think the very dogs was in it, and the horsemen ridin' like mad. " Well, as I was sayin', he set off to go to the fair, and he wint meandherin' along through the fields, but he didn't go far, antil climbin' up through a hedge, when he was comin' out at t'other side, his head kem plump agin somethin' that made the fire flash out iv his eyes. So with that he looks up—and what do you think it was, Lord be merciful to uz, but a corpse hangin' out of a branch of a three. " 'Oh, the top o' the mornin' to you, sir,' says Paddy, 'and is that the way with you, my poor fellow ? throth you tuk a start out o' me,' says poor Paddy ; and 'twas thrue for him, tor it wold make the heart of a stouter man nor Paddy jump, to see the like, and to think of a Chrishthan crathur being hanged up, all as one as a dog. "Now, 'twas the rebel that hanged this chap--bekase, you see, the corpse had good close an him, and that's the raison that one might know it was the rebels--by raison that the Husshians and Orangemen never hanged any body wid good clothes an him, but only the poor and definceless crathus, like uz ; so, as I said before, Paddy knew well it was the boys that done it; 'and,' says Paddy, eyin' the corpse, ' by my sowl, thin, but you have a beautiful pair o' boots an you,' says he, ' and it's what I'm thinkin' you won't have any great use for them no more ; and sure it's a shame for the likes o' me,' says he, ' the best piper in the sivin countries, to be trampin' wid a pair of owld brogues not worth three traneens, and a corpse with such an iligantt pair o' boots, that wants some one to wear them. So, with that, Paddy lays hould of him by the boots, and began a pullin' at thim, but they wor mighty stiff ; and whether it was by raison of their bein' so tight, or the branch of the three a-jiggin' up an down, all as one as a weighdee buckettee, and not lettin' Paddy gotch any right hould o' thim--he could get no advantage o' thim ot all--and at last he gev it up, and was 'goin, away, whin' lookin' behind him agin, the sight of the iligant fine boots was too much for him, and he turned back, determined to have the boots, any how, by fair means or foul; and I'm loath to tell you now how he got them --for indeed it was a durty turn, and throth it was the only durty turn I ever knew Paddy to be guilty av,; well, he outs with his knife, and what does he do, but he cuts off the legs of the corps; ' and,' says he, 'I can take off the boots at my convaynience ;' and throth it was, as I said before, a durty turn. " Well, sir, he tuck'd the legs undher his arms, and at that minit the moon peeped out from behind a cloud--' Oh ! is it there you are ?' says he to the moon, for he was an impidint chap--and thin, seein' that he made a mistake, and that the moon-light deceaved him that it wasn't the early dawn, as he conceaved; and bein' freken'd for fear himself might be cotched and thrated like the poor corpse he was afther a malthreating, if he was found walking the counthry at that time--by gar, he turned about, and walked back agin to the. cow-house, and, and, hidin' the corpse's legs in the sthraw, Paddy wint to sleep agin. But what do you think ? Paddy was not long there antil the sojers came in airnest, and, by the powers, they carried off Paddy-- and faith it was only sarvin' him right for what he done to the poor corpse. "Well, whin the mornin' kem, my father says to me, 'Go, Shamus,' says he, 'to the shed, and bid poor Paddy come in, and take share o' the praties, for, I go bail, he's ready for his breakquest by this, any how ?' "Well, out I wint to the cow-house, and called out ' Paddy !' and afther callin' three or four times, and gettin' no answer, I wint in, and called agin, and dickins an answer I got still. Tatthar-an-agers,' says I, ' Paddy, where are you at all, at all ?' and so, castin' my eyes about the shed, I seen two feet sticking out from undher the hape o' straw--' Masha ! thin, says I, bad luck to you, Paddy, but you're fond of a worm corner, and maybe you havn't made yourself as snug as a flay in a blanket ' but I'll disturb your dhrames, I'm thinkin',' says I, and with that I laid hould of his heels, (as I thought, Gold help me,) and givin' a good pull to waken him, as I intinded, away I wint, head over heals, and my brains was a'most knocked out agin the wall. " Well, whin I recovered myself, there I was, an the broad o' my back, and two things stickin' out o' my hands like a pair o' Husshian's horse-pist'-ls--and I thought the sight'id lave my eyes, when I seen they wor two mortial legs. " My jew'l, I threw them down like a hot pratee, and jumpin' up, I roared out millia murther. 'Oh, you murtherin' villion,' says I, shakin' my fist at the cow \--' Oh you unnath'ral baste,' says I, 'you've ate poor Paddy, you thievin' cannible you're worse than a neygar, says I ' 'and bad luck to you, how dainty you are, that nothin' 'id sarve you for your supper, but the best piper in Ireland. Weirasthru !. weirasthru ! what'll the whole counthry say to such an unnath'ral murther? and you lookin' as innocent there as a lamb, and atin' your hay as quiet as if nothin' happened.' With that, I run out--for, throth, I didn't like to be near her--and, goin' into the house, I tould them all about it. ? be aisy. " 'Bad luck to the lie I tell you,' says I. " ' Is it ate Paddy ?' says they. " ' Divil a doubt of it,' says I. " 'Are you sure, Shamus ?' says my mother. " ' I wish I was as sure of a new pair o' brogues,' says I. ' Bad luck to the bit she has left iv him but his two legs.' " "And do you tell me she ate the pipes too ?' says my father. " 'By gor, I b'lieve so,' says I. " 'Oh, the divil fly away wid her,' says he, 'what a cruel taste she has for music !' " ' Arrah !' says my mother, 'don't be cursin' the cow, that gives the milk to the childher.' " 'Yis, I will,' says my father, 'why shouldn't I curse sich an unnath'ral baste ? ' " 'You oughtn't to curse any livin' thing that's undher my roof,' says my mother. " ' By my sowl, thin,' says my father, 'she shan't be undher my roof any more ; for I'll sind her to the fair this minit' says he, 'and sell her for whatever she'll bring. Go afd;' says he, 'Shamus, the minit you've ate your breakquest, and dhrive her to the fair.' " 'Troth I don't like to dhrive her,' says I. " ' Well, like or no like,' says he, 'you must dhrive her.' " 'Sure, father' says I, 'you could take more care iv her yourself.' " ' That's mighty good,' says he, 'to keep a dog, and bark myself ; and faith, I rec'llected the sayin' from that hour !— "let me have no more words about it,' says he, 'but be aff wid you.'. " So, aff I wint--and it's no lie I'm tellin', whin I say it was sore agin my will I had any thing to do with sich a villian of a baste. But, howsomever, I cut a brave long wattle, that I might dhrive the man-ater iv a thief, as she was, without bein' near her, at all, at all. " Well, away we went along the road, and mighty throng it wuz wid the boys and the girls--and, in short, all sorts, rich and poor, high and low, crowdin' to the fair. " 'God save you,' says one to me. " ' God save you kindly,' says I. " 'That's a fine baste you're drivin,' says he. " ' Throth she is,' says I ; though it's agin my heart to say a good word for the likes of her. "' It's to the fair you're goin', I suppose, says he, 'with the baste !' (He was a snug-lookin' farmer, ridin' a party little gray hack.) " 'Faith, thin you're right enough,' says I, it is to the fair I'm goin'." " ' What do you expec' for her ?' says he. "' Faith, thin, mysel dosen't know,' says I--and that was thrue enough, you see, bekas I was bewildhered like about the baste entirely. " 'That's a quare way to be goin' to market,' says he, 'and not to know what you expec' for your baste.' " ' Och.' says I--not likin' to let him suspict there was anything wrong wid her -'Och,' says I, in a careless sort of a way, 'sure no one can tell what a baste 'ill bring, antil they come to the fair,' says I, 'and see what price is goin'.' " ' Indeed, that's nath'ral enough,' says he. 'But if you wor bid a fair price before you come to the fair, sure you might as well take it,' says he. " ' Oh, I've no objection in life,' says I. " ' Well, thin, what 'ill you ax for her?" says he. " ' Why, thin, I wouldn't like to be onraysonable,' says I--(for the truth was, you know I wanted to got rid of her)-- 'and so I'll take four pounds for her,' says I, 'and no less.' ' No loss !' says he. " 'Why, sure that's chape enough,' says I. " 'Throth it is,' says he; 'and I'm. thinking, it's too chape it is,' says he ; 'for if there wasn't somethin' the matter, it's not for that you'd be sellin' the fine milch cow, as she is to all appearance.' " ' Indeed thin,' says I, 'upon my con- science, she is a fine milch cow." '' ' Maybe,' says he, 'she's gone off her milk, in regard that 'she dosen't feed well ?, " 'Och, by this and that,'. says I, 'in regard of feedin' there's not the likes of her in Ireland; so make your mind aisy \--and if you like her for the money, you may have her.' " ' Why, indeed, I'm not in a hurry,' says he, 'and I'll wait to see how they go in the fair.' " 'With all any heart,' says I, pur- tendin, to be no ways consarned-- but in throth I began to be afeard that the peeple was seein' somethin' unnath'ral about her, and that we'd never got rid of ? all—At ? we ? to the fair, and a great sight o' people was in it —throth, you'd think the whole world was there, let alone the standins o' gingerbred and. iligant ribbins, and makins o' beautiful gownds, and pitch and toss, and merry go- rouns, and tints with the best av dbrink in thim, and the fiddles playin' up t' incourage the boys and girls ; but I never minded them at all, but determint to sell the thievin' rogue av a cow afore I'd mind any dinarshin in life ; so an I dhirv her into the thick av the fair, whin all of a suddint, as I kem to the door av a tint, up sthruck the pipes to the tune av 'Tather-Jack- Welsh,' and my jew'l, in a minit the cow cock'd her ears, and was makin' a dart at the tint. " 'Oh, murther !' says I, to the boys standin' by, hound her,' says I, 'hould her--she ate one piper already, the vagabone, and, bad luck to her, she wants another now.' " Is it a cow for to ate a piper ?' says one o' thim. " 'Not a word o' lie in it, for I seen his corpse myself, and nothin' left but the two legs,' says I; 'and it's a folly to be sthrivin' to hide it, for I see she'll never lave it aff— as poor Paddy Grogan knows to his cost, Lord be merciful to him.' " ' Who's that takin' my name in vain ?' says a voice in the crowd ; and with that, shovin' the throng a one side, who should I see but Paddy Grogan, to all appear- ance. " 'Oh, hould him too,' says I ; keep him av me, for it's not himself at all, but his ghost,' say I, 'for he was kilt last night to my sartin knowledge, every inch av him, all to his legs.' " Well, sir, with that, Paddy—for it was Paddy himself, as it kem out afther— fell a laughin', that you'd think his sides 'nd split ; and whin he kern to himself, he ups and he tould uz how it was, as I towld you already ; and the likes av the fun they made av me was beyaut tellin', for wrong- fully misdoubtin' the poor cow, and layin' the blame iv atin a piper an her; So we all wint into a tint to have it explained, and by gor is took a full gallon o' sper'ts t' explain it ; and we dhrank health and long life to Paddy and the cow, and Paddy played that day beyant all tellin', and many a one said the likes was never heerd. before nor sence, even from Paddy him- self--and av coorse the pour slandhered cow was dhruv home agin, and many a quiet day she had wid us afther that ; and whin she died, throth my father had sitch a regard for the poor thing, that he had her skinned, and' an iligant pair of breeches made out iv her hide, and it's in the family to this day : and isn't it mighty remarkable it is, what I'm goin' to tell you not, but it's as true as I'm here, that from that day out, any one that has thim breeches on, the minute a pair o' pipes . strikes up, they can't rest, but goes jiggin' and jiggin' in their sate, and never stops as long as the pipes are playin'—and there," said he, slapping the garment in question that covered his sinewy limb, with a spank of his browny hand 'that might have startled nerves more tender than mine--" there, them is the very breeches that's an me now, and a fine pair they are this minit." 