EASTER MANOEUVRES. OPERATIONS AT LA PEROUSE. A SHAM FIGHT. SYDNEY THREATENED—THE IN- VAnwnfi A KNTHTTjATED. "We knew they were coming j but who would have expected them tho very day after going into camp ? We refer of course to the enemy If they had no consideration for onr comfort, they might at least have thought of our sweet- hearts, who would like to hare spent a good part of Saturday iu the immediate neighbor hood of Paddiugton. Rut no I The meetiug was fore-doomed, and the gallant defence force was destined to be kissed that day by nothing sweeter than a very briuy south-east wind, well seasoned with exploded gunpowder, whilst the softest messago they were to receive came in the form of au assertive discharge of blank cartridge. But there are "nocompluiuta, sir." Our success was complete and the dis comfiture of our opponents beyond qucstiou. We simply ' whopped " them." This we state at the outset, for iu an important engagement of this kind, where hearths and homes, to say nothing of the houor of our citizen-aoidiers, are at stake it is uufair to koep the most impatient reader in suspeuie. Of the action generally we will only say at preseul that it was conducted with considerable skill and bravery on the part of both forces. ludeed, the utter disregard of peril evinced by every man, from major- general down to raw recruit and drummer-boy, was sublime, and one might add conspicuous in tho annals even ot British warfare. At a huudred yards men blazed away at one another with all the coolness iiuaginab.e. The field guus were brought into action with thrtliiug effect, and our representative had the honor of ridiug in the midst of one little company, half of which gave up the ghost whilst the other half fllltd its pipes nud spat between its teeth as the result of a bursting shell. It bad been a tremendous night. The rain had fallen iu floods. It had thuudered aud it had lightened. The tent had only ceased to ttep about oue's ears like the wings of au evil bird wheu through sheer exhaustion the wind held off for a moment to begin the next with redoubled energy. Woe to that raau whose canvas house was built without irouehes. He would have been fa.rly soaked up if the night bad lasted much lunger. It was still ruining when at hali- pust 0 o'clock the gnu boomed out the knell of our uneasy slumbers. For it is au early- rising association this camp ou the Paddiugton rifle range. So we rubbed oureye3 and, turning back the curtainH of our tents, peered into the gloom of a thoroughgoing Easter morniug. The sentries were pacing to and fro iu greatcoats and as miserable us baudicoots. The officers (it is no doubt an illustration of bravery) looked as if they dreaded no eueuiy more than the raiu. The gallant P.il.O, was actually walkiug about in uniform with a silk umbrella under his ario. lie had probably forgotten for the moment that the umbrellas generally used iu tiie/' service " are ot IMnch plate. But, after ail, ho was the beat-protected man iu camp. Breakfast was a hurried but not the less a hearty meal that day. No ouo was, attur an, as deeply affected by the events at baud as the Duke" of Wellington, when, before one of his greatest victories, be ate an egg tor breakfust aud then abstractedly remarked that it was rotten. There was much activity on every hand ; orderlies galloping backwards aud forwards with important dispatches, officers' servants leading their masters' hoise3 along the liues, mess cooks serving oat rations, uien filling tueir haversacks and replenishing the contents of their water-bottles, artillerymen limbering up the guns, bandsmen polistiiug their instru ments and, after a whiie, officers assembling their companies on parade. The weather had by this time cleared. Ttic heavier clouds had already shed their burden of rain and the tresh breeze was beginning to sweep tho dusky vupors from the face of tho sun. ii was a good omen. We marched out in the best of spirits- four regiments of infantry, two batteries of artillery , tne famous Engineer Corps and a strong party of reserves, not torgeuing the transport and. ambulance waggon, and the bauds that struck up n lively air as each of their respective regiments stepped off at the word of command. Tho general aud his si all lead the column. We marched through Moore Park and then on the maiu road to the Kaudwick toll-gates. Here we parted compauy with nearly half our men. It had been previously arranged that the 1st Brigade under Lieuteuaut- coloncl Uoodlett should continue on the Kandwick- road and proceed to La Perouse by Long Bay. This brigade consisted of the 2od and Owl Regiments of Volunteer Infantry aud was accompanied on the expedition by the Permanent Artillery. The remainder of the force kept to the Buunerong- road and marched at a steady pace, with occa sional halts, until tho Botany turnpike was parsed. On .the heights beyond BinaJl 'arms were piled jfor luucheon, and with appetites sharpened by the long march und fresh air, the men feii to" in earnest. As yet no enemy was at hand, but the general had received word that they were coming upon us by forced marches and would certainly cnallengc our out posts before two hours had elapsed. The eu- giueera were soon at work ou the ridge, aud in less than no time a couplo i<f pits baa been dug for tho field guus. The reserves hud pressed on. They were to form the advanced skirmish line, aud it was desirable that they should proceed to within sight of the fort at La Perouse with out delay. Luncheon over, the main body of our infantry with two more field guns followed for a considerable distance, and another party wa3 left iu charge of the next heights, one or two companies continuing the march to a poiut at the rear of the reserves, where they con- coaled themselves iu the bush. Now all was iu readiness. The two ridges of which we have spoken run in parallel liues at a distance of rather less than a mile from each other, and l ho ground between theui is moderately fiat, with a slight depression towards the centre. Front either height the outline of Botany Bay is distinctly visible. The position is certainly a commanding one, and Colouel Eden occupied it with every show of reason and every chance of success. Butweco the second ridge aud La Perouse a narrow road winds picturesquely through the bush, aud if not actually oveihnng by trees is densely shaded, for the scrub which barolv covers so much of that neighborhood grows here in lavish prodigality. But where was tho vigilant enemy ? No one expected them to waste a moment, aud indeed they were not wasting time. We rode through their lines abont 1 o'clock. They had by then arrived at La Perouse aud were taking rauch- ueeued rest and refreshment after their exertions of a long and tiresome march. An hour was not a whit too much for recuperation, and Colonel Goodtet gave them an honr. The officers tethered their horses to the fence?, and the men simply flung themselves dowu ou the grass and emptied their haversacks. It was a scene most realistic in effect. The disposal of an actual enemy could scarcely have ben more warlike. La Perouse is a lovely spot. A great white house stands alone on a grassy hill over looking the ocean as it glistens beyond Botany Heads to the east and the bay, tben white with crested waves, fto the west. A considerable fort juts out towards the water on one side of the house, and nestling amongst the gum trees on the flats below it, on the other, in a group of peaceful weather-beaten cottages with a good deal of wooden stabling about them and a per fect labyrinth -of arbors in the garden of one of them. All this tho enemy is supposed to have captured ; whilst the boats in which they landed toss playfully at cable's leugth from the shore. A bugle-call .shortly after 2 o'clock brings the men to their feet and every foot into line or stirrup. Tho great gate of the puddemk round the big house is flung open. The artil lerymen crack their whip?, and being Permanent Artillery men they swear al their horses. The first gunjrnmbles over the stone3 and on to the road. A regiment |of infantry move oil! into the bnsh alongside it. Another regiment follow up buhiud, and the other guns are about to pais the gate when shots are hoard amongst the scrub. The enemy hardly expected to come upon the defence 'force so soon, but Captain Sparrow with his reseives had ventured as near tueir encampmeut ai ho could without observa tion ; and now that they issue from the pro montory ho supplements their lunch with a hurried desert. The action » commenced with those shots. The enemy arc surprised but not disconcerted. They reply with discretion, but it is hard to pick the dark green uniforms of tho reserves out from behind the trees and amongst the dense scrub. The field gun is rushed into a cutting on the top of a hill, but before they have time to fire tne reserves have scot such a shower of lead amongst the small party in charge of U that scarcely a wan would be living to reply if the conditions of sham-fighting were different. A reply does come at length, and it comes in a deep bass voice that makes the woods re echo and tho horses staud on their bind legs. Another and another follow, and the invad ing infantsy have by this time advanced fur enough to make it unpleasantly warm for the men on the skirmish line, who begin to retire gracefully. This is sharp- shooting with a vengeance, and it is all taking pluca in the bush through which oue party presses forward as fast aud the other retires as slowly as possible. The officer commanding the enemy's force has evidently issued strict orders that companies are uot to expose them- selves by advancing along the road. So the game at" hide-and-seek goes on for some little distance with more caution than, bloodshed, although the amount of powder ex pended has already been considerable. Beforo the Bunuerong-road converges with that lending to tho Coast Hospital, Colonel Goodlet's front ranks have met with thoir first slight surprise. A much heavier body of infantry than they have hitherto en countered is lying iu wait for them, and no sooner are their red coats seen amo.igst the scrub than a volley of musketry rcmic'Js them that between Sydney and the coast line un known dangers may be lurking in attendance upon them. The enemy return the compliment aud, holding their ground for a few minutes without much disposition to advance until their numbers are strengthened, they blaze awajr their hardest. Then the defence forco skirmishing party begins to retreat again and as they have to cross a tract of sparsely wooded country the batteries on i the heights nearest La Perouse cover them at once with their guns. The enemy still pressing on are soon in the open country themselves, and until the field piece is brought into play once more they are absolutely un protected. Taking advantage of the moment the reserves rush into the road and " double " towards the main body of their army. The gun is unhorsed and swung round. Before the first shot is fired they are again iu the bnsh. And so the fight goes on, the enemy making for tho heights, the field cuns vomiting a torrent of shot and shell upon them ns they straggle up, and the rifle men who had a few miontes beforo occupied the ridgei making way for the reserves, who have now come up, and themselves retreating to strengthen the position on the heights behind, which it is meant at ail hazards to hold. There is a tussle for the first ridge, but nt tengtb the invaders gain it. Onr force retires once more and takes the guns along with them. The enemy descend on the opposite side. Their right flank is bordered by a swamp which stretches malignantly before them, but which our people have suceeeded in crossing by a bridge which the engineers have judi ciously blown up. When they do succeed in passing the morass, and approach the heights upon which Colonel Eden has thought well to stake the safety of his force, they are once more exposed to a fire of fluid guns and musketry from which they might as well hide as from their own shadows, for the country is still quite open, and which they can no more silence than they can the roaring of the ocean. The nearer they get to the main body of our force, now entrenched on this ridge, tile nearer they are to our search ing fire. Flesh and blood can stand It no louger. They make a gallant attempt to gain tho trenches but it is all in vain. They are literally mown down. To make matters worse the 3rd Regiment advances in a body along the road. Surely they will never attempt to rush the position, for nothing but the wind could get more than hall way there against such fearful odds. No ; they hftTe seen the fate of their fellows and are them selves choosing the better part of valor. It is a little after 4 o'clock. Sydney is safe and its defenders are tired. The officer in charge of the v/atercarts with grave dignity say?, "Walk, march." The column re-foruis. The men light their pipes and trudge homewards. Camp is very still that night — yon can almost hear the snoring from Oxford-street. ? seuiou3 accident. Corporal Bishop, of the Gonlburn Corps, 1st Regiment V.A., is iu hospital dangerously ill from the effects of a fall received whilst taking part in the operations on the road to La Perouse. He seems to have tumbled into a gnn pit, which was by no means deep or sug gestive of dangerous injury to anybody unfor tunate enough to slip into it. Indeed, though rather Bhaken ot tho time, Bishop cora- pluined to no one, i and marched back to Paddington with tho column. Dur ing the night, however, he exhibited alarming symptoms ; and suffered considerably from nausea und diarrhoea. He was taken into hospital, aud has since been visited by the P.Al.O. and Dr. M'Leod. It is fenred that he has sustained internal injuries, and his case, though improved last night, was still consi dered critical. Corporal Bishop was one of the men who represented Goulburu in the Soudan Contingent, and much sympathy is felt for him by his comrades. RELIGIOUS SERVICES. Religions meetings of one kind and another haro been held in camp each ereuing. On Saturday Mr. Sample, a recently arrived tem perance lecturer, delivered an interesting address to a large assembly. Chnrch parade was conducted yesterday morning, Bishop Barry preaching a sermon to the Church of Eugland section of the forces, the Rev. Mr. Osborne officiating over the Presbyterian service, and the Rev. S. Wilkinson over the Methodist congregation. The Rev. «T. H. Rose assisted the bishop- The Komau parade was very numerously attended. DIVISIONAL ORDERS. The following divisional orders were issued yesterday evening:— Each regiment will furnish one company with camp equipment com plete and rations for the day, to pro ceed to-morrow under the _ command of Major Linsley, 3rd Regiment V.L, to Middle Head camp, there to be stationed until further orders. Major Liusley will detail an officer of the detachment to act as adjutant. Major Linsley will report himself oa arrival to the officer commanding Middle Head camp aud band in a marchiog-in state. The detachment will march at D a.m. The D.A.Q.M.G. will arrange for the necessary transport and money for payment of ferry. The officer commanding Artillery forces will arrange for the rations to be issued to the detachment on Tuesday and subsequent days whilst under bis command. In order to bring the troops into cntnp ot an earlier hour the following ariangeuienta will ob tain to-morrow 1. ReveilliS at 6 a.m., roll call G.00 a.m.. divisional parade for marching out to be formed up by 8 a.m., with regimental trans port iu rear of regiments, intrenching, tools to be issued to the defending party. The 2nd Brigade with the -Field Battery Volunteer Artillery will form the attacking party and wear a" sprig of green in the helinct as a dis tinguishing mark. This brigade will proceed to Long Bay via Rand wick. The 1st Brigade, Engineers aud Reserve infantry, with the Field Battery Permanent Artillery, will form the defending force and march to Long Bay via Bunnerong-road and will halt and await orders at intersection of Long Bay-road. The ambu lance waggon .will accompany this column and a medical officer will accompany each column. Each brigade will send out advance and rear guards. The Major-General commanding will generally superviso all manoeuvres, in connec tion with which the general staff will be con sidered as neutrals and will wear a white band on the right arnn Opposing forces will not come within 100yds. ot each other. Ammuni tion will be issued and carried as follows 20 rounds per roan in the poncb aud 2U rounds per man as reserve ammunition, 40 rounds per gnu will also be carried. 2. The field officer of the day will parade all men in camp, including old guards, sick and on duty excepted, to-morrow at 2.80 p.m. for drill at the western cud of the rifle range. 8. The undernamed will be passed into tho ranks and taken on tho pay-roll from the 80th ult. inclusive : — ith Regiment V.I., Morreth Corps, Private W. P. Smith. 4. A medical board will miserable and reporters snon as possible on the case of Coiporal V. Robert son, 1st Regiment Y.I., at present ill hospital; president, Dr. M'Domigb, acting P.M.O. ; mem bers, Dr. M'Leod, Dr. Wadhatn. 6. The detail of officers for duty to-morrow 'will be : — Field officer for the day Major Gould, 4th Regi ment V.L ; next, Major Johnston, 1st Regi ment V.I. ; adjutant of the day, Major Harriett, 1st Regiment V.I. ; next. Captain Hill, 3rd Regiment V.I. : quarter-master of the day, Lieut. Eo?kef.t, 1st Jtegiru-jnt V.I. ; next, Lieut. Mills, 3rd ' Regiment V.L : medical officer for the camp, Dr. M'Donagb, acting PALO. ; medical officer for the columns, Burgeons M'Leod and Wad ham. By order (signed) H. D. Maoken/zIR, Major, A.A.G. Lord Cairiugtou will be present when tho column marches out of cauip this morning. 