WICKHAM-TERRACE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. A large number of persons was present at the Wickham-terrace Presbyterian Church last evening, at the services in connection with the induction of the Rev. John M'Donnell as minister of that congregation. The service was opened with the singing of the 84th Psalm, and the reading of a portion of Scripture and prayer by the Rev. Chas. Oao, moderator of the Presbyterian Assembly, The sermon was preached by the Rev. Richard Runs from the words "And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance," Acts ii., and 4th verse. The Rev. C. Ooo, having in the usual form given a brief narrative of the proceedings connected with the call, Mr. M Connell was formally inducted into the charge by the Rev. J. F. M'Swaine, who subsequently delivered an address to the new minister, which was couched in earnest and appropriate language. The Rev. A. 0. Sitiui, moderator of presbytery, then gave an address to the congregation, pointing out that upon them, no less than upon the pastor that had been given them, devolved a large share of the responsibility of carrying out the work of the church. Following once two very interesting ceremonies. On behalf of the ladies of the congregation, the Hon. A. Raff presented the Rev. J, O'Connell with a pulpit gown. In making the presentation Mr. Rait bind it was not to be supposed that the ladies were under the impression that Mr. McConnell would preach any the better because he wore a gown, but booauaothoy thought a pastor should have his robes of office, if the wearing of it did not render him uncomfortable. In roplyMr.M'CoNNiiii said: Dear brethren, I can assure you I don't feel at all Uko speech making ; it is not a time for that, at least for me. I can simply say I thank you, but because my words are few I don't want you to think that I do not fully appreciate your kind nOBS in thus expressing your goodwill towards me. I can assure you that a gown is not at all an inconvenience, for under it you can got your coat of your vest off, and that is a very great convenience to a preacher, especially in a hot climate-(laughter)-and I have to thank you for it most heartily, for I regard it as an expression of your goodwill. My work lies before me; the record of it has yet to be written. My earnest prayer is that if there be any element of selfishness or ignorance of judgment, may it be forgotten ; whatever may do from above, whatever utterances there may be of the Divine wisdom, may it be as seed sown that will grow and prosper and bear fruit, and shade trees like Lebanon, to the glory of the Lord. I shall always look upon this gown as a symbol of the charity which covereth a multitude of sins. (Applause.) Mr. A. Sitnn then, on behalf of the congregation, presented the Rev. J. F. McSwaine with a purse containing fifty sovereigns. He said that the present was a mark of the esteem in which the rev. gentleman was held by the congregation of Wickham-terrace. During the crisis through which the church had passed he had acted as interim moderator, and although he had incurred a certain amount of obloquy and reproach at the hands of the dissatisfied minority, Mr. McSwaine had not shrunk from doing his duty, and the part he had taken was in the interests of peace. Mr. M'Swaine, in reply, said that he would have been gladly satisfied with an expression of goodwill from the session managers and congregation, even if it had been given more privately, and unaccompanied with such a handsome present. He would make no reference to the pastjOxuoptto saythathadhe to pass through the same circumstances again he would do exactly as he had done. (Applause.) Mr. M'Swaine concluded by thanking the congregation for their kindness to him, and congratulating both the people and their new pastor on the connection that had now been established between them. This closed the proceedings. The Rev. J. McConnell was conducted to the door of the church, where he received the right hand of welcome from the members of the congregation as they retired. 