A SUGGESTION TO AUSTRALIAN FIREMEN-GRAND ELECTRIC TORCHLIGHT PROCESSION IN NEW YORK. (Soo lotterprosB on pa go 1010. ) "Fire! Fire!!" ' (Soe illustrations on pagas 1015, 1018, and 1019.) Within the past few years there has been a keei ' competition between the varions cities of tho olde world to establish the mopt efficient fire brigade ! possible. A London fireman ia generally a Britisl sailor by origin, used to climbing, and with a hea< j on hiß BbonlderB. He bas to learn very many senaibli [things at the head offioe before he ia dratted off ti | a field of farther public usef niñeas elsewhere. He hat j toolimb up ladders to the top of fi re-storey ed honaeB he haa to run like a oat among ohimney-pota anc orawl ab mt roofa ; he has to study the mechanics of ladders, engines, and escapea ; he has to lean how to carry a lifeless form from a giddy height dowr a narrow ladder ; he has to btudy the art ol hoisting on his Bhonldera a dead, dying, or fainting form; he has to be told how to tie a "chair-knot" with an ordinary length of rope, and, in addition, tc know how to use it; and, nastiest j >b of all, ho hae to stand on a narrow .window-sill of a aeoond-floor window, and jump into a oauvaa aheet extended for hia nae by his earnest and encouraging oompaniona. Bat how eau all this be done, peacefully, during the intervals of fires, in the busy headquarters of the Southwark Bridge-road ? They Barely cannot impro- vise fires, or turn on false Bmoke and flameB.oroolleot amateur crowds', or rehearse the terrible din they will hear, by-and-by, when a " oall" aummonB these fine fellows to a post of - danger ! No ; they cannot exaotly do all that ; but ia a convenient quadrangle, where the firemen bave their quarters, THH BKCBUITS who have ju st joined from sea duties can gain a very fair praotioal acquaintance with the ordinary duties and difficulties ot a fireman's life. We know that at a fire, in all oiroumatauoep, the window should be kept Bhut. When a fireman enters, down goea tho window. We understand the triok of carrying a fainting form, have been iustrnoted in the art of tying a ''obair- knot, " and have had some experience of ita usefulness by being hoisted into the air by an improvisen ohair whioh a ohild could tie. The only portion of the drill whioh the reoruit fights Bhy of ÍB the jump from the window into the sheet. Ho oan Bwarm up, but he doe* not li lie looking down. A litt e encouragement and chaff from tho "pals" below usually gives oonrega ; and, onoe down, there is co farther difficulty. But when a man ia found to be disicolined to jump in oold blood he is never forced to do so. He retires, und tries asain another day. Bat it makes a vast difference when life ÍB at stake, and a roaring fire is behind the hesitating figure. Then it is the greatest diffioulty to prevent man or woman from jumping. Aa a rule, they fling themeelvea out even from top storeys before tho brave fire men ..can prevent them. THE MOST INTERESTING FEATURE of a London fireman's life ia ita handiness and com- mand of varied accomplishments. With the sole exception of the men who drive the horses at snoh a prodigious paoe, each fireman is in himsolf a complete epitome of firemen's knowledge. He can work a telegraph, speak through a telephone, keep books and make ont reports, carpenter, splioe a hose, mend a fire-engine, feed a bailer, soale a ladder, jump out of a second-floor window, and risk his life like a brave fellow in the noble dnty whioh he follows, and whose a vf ul responsibili- ties he novor chirks. His sailor's life has trained him to be ready on any emergenoy, to do without regular sleep, to be smart and active at the call of duty, to understand the value of discipline, and to obey orders ; but, like the soldier or sailor, he has inherited from his forefathers a noble disregard of danger, and a sacrifice of all personal considera- tion for the publio good, whioh were once the charac- teristics of most Englishmen. The firemen, as a body, are men of whom wo may well be proud, for, in addition to their fine physique and undaunted oourage, they are the proved possessors of that innate tenderness and GARB FOR THE HELPLESS which are the best features of a naturally brave nature. In London, as in the Sydney Metropolitan Fire Brigade, numbers of married men are engaged ; while in Amerioan oitiea single men are preferred. IN CHICAGO a eerieB of novel deviooB baa been adopted to reduce to a minimum tbe time neooosary to get ont of bad and reaoh the fire. The dormitory of the men is on the second floor, direotly over the room where the patrol-wagon and horses are kept in readiness, and oommunioating with the latter by trapdoors and short stepladders. The beda are plaoed in a oirole ; the feet converging toward a common centre. From the wall over the centre of this oirole hangs a pulley ; and from this pulley radiate oords attaohed to the bedclothes overing - each Bleeper. The eleotrio shook whioh gives the fire-alarm also loosens and lets fall a weight attaohed to the pulley, whereupon the bedolothes are suddenly jerked into the air. Simultaneously the trapdoor flies upland the stepladders drop into their places automatically. The. men tumble out of bed, and Bwarm down the ladders ; each taking his allotted place in the patrol wagon, to whioh the trained horseB are already harnessed. Off they go, like the wind; the men putting on their clothes aa they are whirled through the streets to the fire. Quioker work than this ia inconceivable, unless the patrolmen be made to Bleep in the months of loaded cannon, to bo aimed and fired at the sound of the alarm. It is evident that Chioago does hot mean to be surprised by another conflagration. IN NEW TOEK the firemen have to pass a Civil Service examination with the view of proving their physioal powers and their knowledge of the work they are required to do j and no candidate ,.is admitted into the brigade unleiB he has passed to the satisfaction of the examiners, THE SYDNEY METROPOLITAN EIBE BRIGADE has been tho first to introduce rn any of the latest im- provements into Australia; and its buildings and electrical appliances (of whioh illustrations wero given in tho TOWN AND COUNTRY J OURNAL of Mar oh 10 last) will compare favorably with those of older lands. In the paBt, howover, good servioe has been done by the - VOLUNTEER EIRE BRIGADES in tho prinoipal towns of New South Waloa and tho sister botanies of Australia; and although the.organ- isation of these bodies differs from that of the paid brigades, competitions between the volunteer brigades of the various oolonies have proved that a high state of efficiency has been obtainod.in most of | the larger brigades. Tho INTERCOLONIAL FIRE BRIGADES DEMONSTRATION, to bo hold next wen lc in tho Agricultural Soooty's Ground, Mooro Park, Sydney, will, doubtless, bo not tho least idtoresting of theso friendly oontosts. Many of the oontests are similar to those shown in our illustrations, and roforred to above, Among these may be montioncd tho ladder praotioe-raising running up, and sliding down tho ladder ; jumping from a hoight into a shoot hold for tho purpose ; tho uso of the fire escapes, scaling hooks, &o.; ; throwing streams of wator either with or without an engine, and many other tests of skill and atrongth, ohampion engine prootioo, ohampion football luok, and other events. On Sunday, the 27th,thoro is to bo a grand procession, when a oolleotion will bo made on behal of the various oharitiea of Sydney. AN ELBCTB'O TORCHLIGHT PBOCEBBION. Not long ago the city of New York was favore< with one of the most unique and attraotive displayi ever seen in a torchlight prooession. That ai eleotrio lighting plant, oomplete in every detail and in full operation, oau bs moved at the nnevot pace of a prooession over the rough paving of c Btreet, withont interrupting the ourront, or in anj degree ohanging tho brillianoy and steadiness of th« lieht, is a faot whioh, while of interest to the solon tifio world, olearly BhowB the perfection to whiol eleotrio lighting maohinery has been brought. Thc work of Drepa'ing the display was done by the Edison Eleotrio Lighting Co. ; the expense being defrayed by its own employés, who united with in- surance men of the samo political faith. Plaoed upon the forward part of a largo truck was a dynamo-a 200 ampere machine-behind whioh wa« a 40-horse power engine of the New York Safety Steam Power Co. ; a belt led from the engine toa pulley on the I armature shaft. Seoured to the truok waa the pole j of one of the largest steam fire onginoB built by the I Clapp and Jones Cc. The electricians in charge of I the diBplay felt assured of the BUCOOBsful working of i their dynamo and engine ; and, in order to have an ample supply of steam, they obtained the fire engine, whioh they knew to be a rapid and reliable generator while in motion. Extending from thiB boiler to the engine were two flexible pipes ; one leading to the steam oheat, and the other oarrying the oxhauBt. The latter pipe waa provided with a three-way valve, by means of whioh the Bteam could be directed either into the smokestack to inoreaae the draught, or into the open air. Following the fire engine were two ordinary watering tanfcB, holding 950gal, whioh were connected with the feed pump by lines of hose. Between the tanka were the coal carts. Tho dynamo truok was drawn by six of the Herring Safe Co.'a mammoth horses, arranged tandem, nud guided solely by the word of the driver. Extending from a Bwitoh board on the floor of the truok were four cove'od oopper wires, two of whioh led to a rope upon one side "f the truok, and the other two to a rope upon tho other side. This rope was 1200ft long, and was extended up and down the nrooasBion so aa to form a hollow sauare. in the centre of whioh was the machinery, before and behind whioh marched bodieB of men. Placed at eaoh 5ft on the rope was an ordinary cut-out, or lamp re oeptaole, slightly changed to Bait the requirements of this worJr, and within whioh sorewod a Bafety oatoh oarrying two wires, whioh led np thesleove and through the baok of the helmet to an incan- descent lamp of sixteen candles power. Wires also led to lamps hung upon the hames of eaoh of the horBes, and to twenty-four lamps arranged on a frame bnilt round the truok The leader of the pro- cession, on horseback, oarried a staff surmounted by a 200 candles power light. Altogether, there were eome 300 Jamos distributed along the rope and upon the truokB. Every part of the plant worked admir- ably. The illumination waa intense and beautiful ; the light flooding every nook and cranny in the streets passed through. Here is a Buggestion for the go-ahead Australian fireman. Perhaps no better illustration of the bravery dis- played by the fireman, and the risk he rans in the j disoharge of his duties, aould bo given than is con- tained in the followicg linea dedicated to the firemen of Australia : THE BRA.VE FIREMAN. Homeward past the fire-escape, I mark its tall fantastic shape, As it loans against the sky : ! The fireman stands hy his quaint maohine With folded arms, and an easy mien, As if to say, " There's none to he seen More free from care than I." Does his wife, raothinks, as careless seem; Or does she lie in her bed, and dream Of the shouts and cries, and rattlo P When the engines thunder along, and a glare . Of red is seen in the dark night air, : Does she start in her Bleep, and breathe a prayer For her husband in midst of battle P Weaving Buch thoughts, I go to hod; But I cannot rest, for my whirling head Keeps harping on conflagration ; I see a mighty city on fire ;* And, as her flames mount higher and higher, I hear the thrill of the deep sea wiro Fraught with the grief of a nation. I wake-Did I dream P I cannot stay To consider, for yonder, over tho way, Is a house all smoking and burning; And dismal figures, drap'd in white, At the upper windows like ghosts of the night, Are shrieking shrilly in dire aifright Of tho bourne whence ibero's no returning. What a dreadful Bhook to awaken thuBl To bod all wearied out with the fuss Of a city shopkeeper's day j Dreaming, maybe, after scanty prayers, Of worldly gains, and of worldly cares, And then to waken, and find the stairs In a blaze, and melting away 1 Useless, liko mo, the crowd below, Swaying and surging to and fro, Does little but shout and gape; A mere uuorgauisod rabble rout, Useless, but full of heart, no doubt, Tor hark I what a peal of joy rings out, " Hurrah for tho fire oscapol " My fireman comes with his quaint machine, A burning house is a nightly scono To him, so ho's not perplex'd j He climbs for the bees of this smoking hivo, Ho clutches them-one, two, three, four, five ! Ho has sav'd all these unhurt and alive I And now he mounts for tho next. Horror I an onvious tongue of fire Darts, like a snako, through tho netted wiro; The canvas is all aflamo I Ho fall* 1 he falls t is thoro nono to save P Ah I cruel, to think that one so brave, Who snatoh'd fivo souls from a flory gravo, Should perish by the same ! Not really cruel. If Providence, In plaoe of our dull earthly sonso, Moro godlike oyos had givon, Liko Jnoob'B ladder, yoars ago, Porohance that fire-escape would glow With angels passing to and fro _To point tho way to Heaven._.___. * In allusion to the Great Firo of Chicago, October 8, 1871\. , _' THE BRAVE FIREMAN. (See letterpress on page .1016.) 