THE YOUNGEST MISS URfiEN. . JBrF VW. Robinson. Author of " Grandmother's Money," "luwu In linden," "Coating of Mary amltb," "Ninety Bint Daik-atnat," *\No Church," Ao., 4a CHAPTER XXXIX. •i l A KEVBLATION. J«le Green vnw not alow in her revelation. Thkre waa no pretiaoe to it. She spoke oat «nd tp the^pnrpose. '" been l* 1 prison/' she said. Y*q<la Sherwood recoiled, jut u Mlaa Green had propheaied that she would. " 'tin priaon.' r ahe exclaimed; "yoa 1" " "Yea." " For what possible offenoe oonld yon have fceob Imprisoned ?" asked Vanda in a lower and more "aubdued tone; "what had jou done!" ' <*N»thIng." \- H Yoa were lnsooent I" M fiTery priBooerwjrs he ii innocent, j tut flvery madman proclaims he ia sane, ahe answered;'" bat—I was innooent, I can afiandto aay that." ' "iYoa have a right to say that." "Yes, IthinkI have." " Ton have .a right to prove it" Jplil Ureen ahook her head. . . . "i oonld have proved it long -ago at.the ooat and degradation of a poor, weak, sinful mortal hut £ would not, eha nid; now much leaa likely I am to prove it now, with no doora ahht between we and njy liberty." ""I am very sorry." murmured Vanda, U»nl|y.1au>wii«^hati4oB«7 t "it moat have pan ihard to Buffer unjustly—to bear the xAuUment io€ another's offenoe. I could Sotdothat" . "1» has bom done before," aald the other aoLfcmaly. "M-wV ....... "Ido not tugat av Im priaonment—the time waa Hot miaqjent; I had time to thinkto suffer—to pr»y. ir And if I grew hard—people \- taryeara of penal aervttuae, at least I mi tai tajmmr my God there. Never before." : " How long sri this ago "Someyeaia. I ,*aa called the child looked me vp." *'I shonld llkti %o hear the history of it all —and if yoa do not mind," aald Vanda, deeply interested. "I will teii it yoa some day," replied Jule Green, "not rtavr. - Ita a-poor tale tenongh, audits surroundings lieinthedepths. Bat I thought I wonldsot come .to yoa—if I- am to oome—under any false pretenoea. I have been in priaon-^and you have a right to know it, and to .judge me by it." "It is an honeet oonfession," said VaoSs suddenly holding oat both her hands,'"l trust von." Julia Green took the hands in hers, stooped suddenly, and- kissed them—then released them, and etood .back some paces, with a ctran ge half-frowning face, aa if ashamed of hi* own weakness, or of her apasmodio exhibition ot gratitude for confidence bestowed. The waiter's daughter oould be impulsive tco, thought Vanda. " Then it is settled. Yoa will come,'.' said lit heiress. " If you will have me—gladly." " To be my companion—and my friend?" "Yoa eay friend again, despite Of all this?" — " Because of it aU," said Vanda promptly; "for you are brave, and have anfietea lor others. You will be my strong friend when I am weak. Perhaps one day—one long day. heme—you may be able to teach me to be rtrabg too." will try." " Aod—hist/-his voioe P ;Both women became suddenly silent, for outdde in the grounds two men were talking: as they walked away from the hotel into the highroad. From tip.open window it waa easy to pere^re £hem, and Vanda, ever quick to aet, stepped forward, stood in the shadow of the wVSttoW curtain, and peered down into the garden, silverad by the moonlight • -.** Hey are together," ahe aald preeently, in a4ow whuper, to Jnie Green; " Mr. Linfold: and George." -Miss Ureen waa standing by her aide, and looking out with Vanda also. The TO en went on, nnsonaoiona that there were watchers of their movements from the lighted window above them. r ^Together again—those two i" murmared Vanda. " They oan never be friends again," said the other. \- V I thought they were almost enemiaa." '^-Alan Linfold did his beat to save him at last He," added Julia Green, almost with reluctance, "was never wholly bad—only good and bad by tarns." 'tYonr sister's husband. Yes, I remember —I know," said Vanda hastily. "For a moment I had forgotten that" "One forgets w mooh," said the other aeotentioualy. , f Be loved her onoe." "Yea." "And ahe loved him, of oonrae?" " Faasionately—to the death," was the "^{'hen—why did it all end in this awful fashion?" oried Vanda, turning from the window. " When Waa the fault, and whose f' r^Both wen in fault, but he waa very hard,"eaid Jule Green, "and unjust, and unforgiving, like all the men." • "Not all." \- "He waa not fit for Druoie, nor Drnoie for Mm.« He waa not fit for any woman's love, knowing not how to prize it." /'/Yoa will tell me some day, too, her itoryl" • Miaa Green ahook her head. u Will you notr* Vanda said. "Oh,madam, let it lie baried with her," Mid J ale Green. "I have a right to know it, I think," Vanda remuked thoughtfully. " Oh yea 1—you love him." "I laved him possibly. Iam—not—quitecertain about it—now," she added naively. " Yan shall hear my aister'a story, then It may be a warning," answered Jule Green. " Thank yoa." "I have promised to tell you a lot, it seemp," wid Miss Green more in her old abrupt way, after which ahe received her inatructions for the morrow, and bade her new mistress good-night When ahe had gone, Vanda Sherwood aat at the window—a ghost-like personage in her whi e dress and with the moonlight on her— and looked dreamily at the landscape beyond, a Juliet waiting for her Romeo, But the Romeo never oame whilst this new J uliet watched for him and knew not—nay, aod ahe never knew—how long ahe aat there wondering where he had gone, and why he had chosen, of all men, this Alan Unfold for a companion at the last. The old love and the new, thoae two young men might have represented to this romantic maiden's mind, onw a little while ago, her two heroea, her kntfbt-erranta to do battle for her against all cotters, and, the all corners keeping judiciously out of harm's way and hard knocks, to do battle with each other sour passer le tempt. Bat the romanoe had died out In Vanda Sherwood's mind, and here waa only a nervosa, hysterics], highly strung female puzding her little head over the problem of " those two together," and seeing barm In it, and guessing danger, and auapeoting treaohery. The bond atopped playing in the ballroom, thelithta were lowered, the front doora were closed, footsteps went hurrying past, and the laughing voioes of late visitors echoed for a while in the corridor without, but Vanda sat and watohed and dreamed at the open window for some time afterwards. How long, we have already eaid, ahe never knew. She waa content to rest there —there waa a weight at her heart which keut her from moving, and yet that heart had been almost light only a little while ago, and ahe had been able to believe in the better, brighter daya ahead of her. Why did she doubt now that they were advancing, aimply beoause two of her old sweethearts hvi walktd oat of the hotel together? There was nothing very alarming in that, and the morrow—with young Tjson—in ail probability would explain it aU. But the morrow never comes, and Romeoa take to their wings and are "off and away" from their Juliet*, and for various flighty reasons not always easy to explain. The world goes round and round in the same old laborious, hard-working fashion, and has .more solid busineaa on hand than lovers' . aigba and tears, their fears and hopes, their Joys and their despairs. SND OF BOOK L COBNIBH & STBASGK VEBSVS RIV. B. G. Udwxbds.—This Case, whioh proved to be one of considerable interest and importance to the *haredeating public, was oonolnded at the Supreme Court on Thursday. It will be remembered that the plaintiffs sued the deffli-d&nt;, a Wtsleyan minister, to Teoover IV.0. loss they alleged they had sustained tbi«'.r<;h a breach of contract by the defendant to buy 100 shares in the Broken Hill S-mtn Mininz Compmy. As "fully paid up" — which, it was contended, were, a ? -ordire to a recent Baalish decision, liable t*> « cnU in the event of winding up to the ex'int to which th<>y were issued as pud np —were tendered ti defendant instead of "promoters'" H» Hmor Mr. Justice Bundey hnld that the contract wis not complied with, jbi.d gave a verdict for defendant with costs. ttouGH un ti^ra" clean out rata, mlae, m. hfs, flies, auts. bed- hugs, beetles, Insects, bf .i k», jaak-rabbite :»irrowt, gophers. At eltuniitl and druggists. lak 