MARK VERNON. CIIAPTER XTI" (CONTINUED). She had fainted, and a crowd was round her in a moment, through which Mark hurried an instant afterwards, took the poor child from her friend, and carried her to the cab. The Italian ladies followed and a good many other people, who were asking questions, and trying to sooee the white face under the veil. "Whet is it ?" asked one of the Italians of Mark in her own language. " Are you the friend the padre spoke of ?" Miss Vernon shook her head and looked round in bewilderment; the crowd laughed. Mark knew nothing but that he saw Milly again ; there was a pause of bewilderment, till a neat English maid, who seemed to act as courier for the party, hurried up with a man carrying a box. "This is Miss Fielding's luggage," she said. " Has she fainted, poor thing ? She has been very weak all the time. Here's some eau.de-cologne, ma'am. I suppose you are the friends who were to meet her ?" " According to the letter of Father Lorenzo Strozzi," said Mark. "Thank you, sir. It's all right." And she turned to explain in odd Italian to the ladies, who understood, bowed, and suffered themselves to be led away. Mark told Miss Vernon to support Milly, and ran off with a sign to the driver to wait while he went in search of restoratives. He was back quickly enough with a little flask of brandy and some other things whioh he put in Miss Vernon's lap. " Use them as you go along," he said. " Take her home at once." Then hlie gave the address to the driver, and the cab moved off. Mark stood looking after it a few moments, and then began walking in the same direction. SHe had soon her again ; he had held her in his arms; hlie know now that he had met her how utterly final the parting had beon, know it more consciously, more vividly, than over before ; he had only been stretching out his arms to a ghost' across a grave. Dead I Yes, dead to him, ibut not yet safe, not freed from sorrow, not escaped yet "where the wicked cease from troubling," so she must be his charge still, and he must be strong to serve her; he must not let "the pity of it " seize upon his heart, for that would kill him, was almost killing him now, and he must live on to help her. He walked on trembling, with his hat pulled over his eyes, till at last hlie reached the quiet street where their lodgings wore, opened the door with a latohkoy which had boon entrusted to him, and went in softly. lHe had not waited long when his aunt hurried into the room with a disturbed face. , " Ah I Mark, I'm so glad you've come. I Shave taken her upstairs and she came to herself for a little while, but now she seems hysterical. I wish you'd go to the ohomist for some sal-volatilo." Mark did as he was told, but he did not like the idea of applying only to a chemist for relief, and finding a druggist's shop, asked, after making his purchase, if they could tell him of a good doctor in the neighbourhood. "Half-a-dozen, sir," returned the chemist, smiling. " Shall I send round and ask the medical man I usually call in myself to call on you, sir ?" " No, thank you; if you would give me the address of one, the most trustworthy. you know, Ishall be very glad." The chemist instantly wrote down an ad dress, and handed it with a bow, sayiug " I think with this geotleman, siir, you will have every satisfaction." And Mark, after taking the bottle home, went off to the doctor's house ; hlie was not at home, and leaving a note requesting him to call on his return, Mark retraced his stops once more. Miss Vernon came down and told him her poor guest was quiet now, but much exhausted, and with that scanty information hlie had to satisfy himself for many hours, till, sick at heart and weary of waiting, he betook himself to walking up and down before the house and looking up at the window of her room. The early darkness was coming on; a candle appeared in that room upstairs, and the gas twinkled into life all down the street; cold, raw, wretched, it was an evening to drive any man in to his own fireside ; but Mark, in sensible to its influences, kept walking up and down in the muddy street, "Number 16-I bog your pardon, sir, which is number 10 ?" said a voice at his elbow. Mark looked round sharply, for it was the number of hisi own house." "' I beg your pardon," said the stranger again at the stare, and lie raised his hat, " I believe there is a lady ill at Number 10 2" "lHe must be the doctor," thought Mark; "he does not speak like a gentloman, buit he's dressed in black, and has a professional air. It must be the doctor." As he thought this, he was saying " That is the house; I lodge there; the invalid is my friend. I presume you are ])r. Smith, sir, the gentleman requested by me to call this morning ?" The stranger bowed, and followed him up the stops into the house, where they mot Miss Vernon crossing the hall. " This gentleman. Dr. Smith, has kindly come to see Miss Fielding," Mark said to her. "Will you take him upstairs 2" "fHow is your patient to.night, ma'am ?" said the doctor. ", She is quieter, sir, but very weak and exhausted." "Would there be any objection to my seeing her at once ? I am somewhat pressed for time." " Please to walk upstairs, Dr. Smith." He smiled. " Why, the fact is, I'm not the doctor he's engaged-but his assistant. No mat. tor ; I may do as well, you know." Miss Vernon was a little disconcerted, buit led him up the stairs into the drawing-room where a little lamp burning but dimly shoived Milly lying on tho sofum white and wan. She seemed too languid to take much notice when Miss Vernon told her the doctor had come and was wishing to see her. " Thank you," she whispered faintly ; and it was Miss Vornon who had to answer the questions about the attack as best she could. "AAh, well, thiejourney has exhausted her; she was not strong enough for it; must have a tonic." The eyes were roaming round the room, resting especially on the foreign- looking little box that lihad been left there in the confusion, the lid partly raised, as 'lies Vernon had been looking in it for Milly's scent-bottle. " Let me feel your pulse," said the doctor at last, and as he took hold of the frail little hand Milly opened her eyes. At first they rested on the doctor heedlessly, then a light of recognition came to them; they dilated with fear, her face flushed, her whole look changed so strangely that Miss Vernon started forward in alarm. "What is it, my dear ? What is the matter ?" " This man," panted Milly, in a voice of terror-" why does he come ? What is he here for 2" "It is the doctor, dear-only the doctor," she answered soothingly. "The doctor I No, it is the man who watched us on the boat-the man I felt afraid of meeting-who was everywhere. I saw him again and again. Oh I take him away I Make him go-he frightens me." Her voice had risen to a cry of terror, and, hurrying to rise and escape, weakness overpowered her once more, and she fell back faint and powerless, " It is a little hysteria," said the doctor quietly; " she doesn't know what she says. Just go-order hot bottles for her feet." SMiss Vernon stared, but the doctor, hold ing a smelling-bottle to Milly, repeated the order so peremptorily that she obeyed, and loft them together. (To be continued iu our se.rl) 