Broken Slumbers. A fearful outer}* rends the vista round, A piercing bitter shriek, as when a being lost, Or tortured to the utmost of his life, Outpours his lamentation, as his strength Gives up the contest, and succumbs : Deep groans and walls, as though departed ghosts Had come lamenting o'er the crime : T — who that dreadful nnta. so frftuirht with ivnn. Did hear, and shuddered as its accents fell With curdling sound of horror on mine car Did tremble, as with hasty step I flew To seek the cause, and aid perchance to give. ' What sounds are those?1 I cried to one I met, Whose sage aud calm appearance spoke his worth— ' What dreadful deed is being done that shrieks And groans so sad, fill up the air of night 7' ' He gazed nnd smiled, aa in his accents calm He said, 44 ' Tin but the cats upon (he roof.' ' We were school-fellows, Mr, X. ; do you remember me?' 'Well, I'm not quite sure whether I do or not. What is it you want from me?' Germany produces the sharpest pointed needles, it is Baid, but the difference isn't bo freat that a man who sits down on one can istinguish it from a needle nf English make. Irritatkd Frenchman (to American who haB mistaken him for a waiter): 'Sir-r, you haf gr-r-rossly insulted me. There iB my card. Hy seconds vill vait upon you, sir-r-r.' American: 'Never mind your seconds, Frenchy. You can wait on me just as well. Pass me the Worcester sauce, and he quick about it.' ' Bridget, has Master Johnnie come home from school yet ?' 11 Yes, sir.' ' Have you Been him ?' 41 No, sir.' ' Then how do you know he's home.' ' 'Cause the cat's hidta* under the grate.' Sbrjeant- Major: 41 Now Patrick Smith, you know very well none but officers and non commissioned officers are allowed to - walk across this grass.' Private Smith : ' But, Serjeant-Major, Fve Captain Graham's verbal orders to ? ' Serjeant-Major : ' None o' that, eir ! Bbow me the Captain's verbal orders J Show'm to me, sir 2 ' 14 Matilda,' fervently exclaimed the love lorn youth. 44 1 can no longer endure this suspense and uncertainty, I must know my fate this night. For months I have carried your imago in my heart. You have been first in my waking thoughts, last in tbe memories that have filled my midnight vigils, and your lovely face haB been ever present in my rest less dreams when sleep has kindly sought to ease the burden that oppresses me. You have been the— the— ' ' Tne lode-star of your exis tence, and the Ultima Thule of all your hopest Mr. Clugston,'' suggested Matilda, observing tbat the young man hesitated. ' Why, how did you know what 1 was going to say ?' be demanded in astonishment. ' I got it from Jenny Jones and.Mft.iy Wheelhouse,' replied Matilda ; (l it's the 1 same thing you said to tbem.. .1 ;oan repeat the whole speech, Mr, Clugston,' AbviOE'TO MOTKtTLd 1— Are yon broken in your restbyasiok child suffering with the {fain of cutting teeth? Go at once to n chemist and get a bottle of Mrs. Winblow's Soothing Syrup, It will relive the poor sufferer im» mediately, Tt is perfectly harmless and plea- ant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep by relieving the child from pain, and the little oheruV awakeis ?? as bright as a button.*1 It the child, it softens the gums, allays aP pain, relieves wind, regelates the bowels, Vjd is the best known remedy for dysenteiy -»nd diarthcea, whether arising from teething or ether causes. Mrs, Winslowls Soothing Syrnp t sold by Medicine deftlen everywhere at le, Jd.perlwttle, ^ I 