PRIMITIVE METHODIST CONNEXION. ADELAIDE DISTRICT. The annual assembly of the Adelaide Dis-<*> trict Primitive Methodist Connexion com-<*> menced its sittings in the Wellington square Church on Friday, February 34, when the district meeting ctrapel committee, compoaei of the superiatatidesits of the various circuits, considered the state of the chapels. On the wbolercatters were found to be in a satisfactory condition. Fbidat, Febbuabt 2i In the evening the Rev. W. Diment preached tea large congregation, choosing at bis text Hebrew* xil, 2. At the close tbe laftMOTt of the Lord^ rappat was -admituteiad to a Utfra number of oommoni canta, the Reva. H. J. Pope, J. H. Williams, S. Raymond, and H* J. Parkinson taking put. Saturday, Febeoaby 25. On Saturday morning the general committee delegate commenced proceedings by announc ing the names of tne delegates who were appointed by the respective quarterly meet ing and district contmitteeav Toe folio wing were received:—Adelaide Juat, J. G. Wright axd & Parry; Attehude eeoand, H. J. Pope, U. Secomb, and W. Robins; Adelaide third, W. Jtnixn and W. Fisher; Adelaide fourth, S. WeUtegfam and J. T. Headdey; Adblsode fifth, J. B. Williams and £. Hack; Soaring*, 8\. Gray and W. Fairchild; Satisbnry, &. Jackson*od W. Quick; Saddteworth, H. J. Parkinson; Kadina, W. Jarrett. A. R\m?ev, and E. Tmacott; Woodside, W. Dimeot, C. Bu??i J. £a?haa{ StrathaUryn, A. J. Eort, H. Waten, and T. Wills; Two Wells, J. J. Salmon, J. Secomb, and A. Cooper; Gawlec, S. Raymond; Mallafa, A. W. Wellington, J. Forbes, and 6. Marakmwi; KedfauL H. Hartley and D. McDonald; -Simgala, H. Bohne*. W. Morgan, and D. C. Robinson; Laura, W. T. WDhnire, G. Robinson, and G. ThistletoD; Kapunda, J. Weir. G. Siasons, and H. Waten; Dawson, H. Parkinson. D. Gtdding?, and Z. H, Gray ; eort Broughton, J. Wills; Morgan, W. Wellington and S. Stanton ; TM~. ff ~? T ? 1 J. J. Steles and J. WheQnm, The Rer. J. H. Wiliiaina was re ceived as district coirnnittee delegate, and Mr. W. Diment as district treaeurer. The Revs. W. Jenkin, & Gray, and Mr. G. Robtncon were nominat?d for the offije of president, but Messrs. Jenkin aad RibuuoA retired in favor of Mr. Gray, who was then unanimonsly elected. Mr. G. Robinson was appointed vico-presideat, and the various offioea filled as follows:—Journal secretary, Rer. W. Jarrett; sheet secretaries, Revs. J. War, R, Jackson, and W. T Wiltshire; letter writer. Rev. A. W. WeJli??ton; ny porteni Reva. W. Diment aad H. J. Pope; raukrs, Reva. J. H. Williams and W. Diment. Before commirtcing the rwrincM of tae njeetmg tbe Rev, 8. Goat {tbe president) said be was thankful that through Divine protection he was present with them that day. He wag very grateful for the expression of kindness, good will, and confidence in placing him in that honorable position. He had not torgottenthe hish honor conferred upon him at the time of his recent Tint to R?ft???i by the Ad^iai^q district sending him as delegate to the English Conference. He was pleased to see ia the present meeting brethren who were at the district meeting held at Salis bury 33 years ago, when he wu called into the ministry. He feelingly ?referred to. hia early disadvantages through the death cf his fattier, and his struggles to overcome hia difficulties, Raferring to the doctrines, and polity of the* Oaooexion, he thought they were still eminently adapted to the tprrit Hid need* ef the age. Che three R'a—mm bw ssn^redemptio? by Jesus Christ, KgenFratjoa by tbe Holy Ghost—were tite fun damental docbines of the Primitive Methodut Chinch, and be fTrtaiwiy hoped ftM???iM be no daparture team these. Tke noStv of tha chunk ?r libeal aad twopawTiVand be thought that tfacsv ntiaiai U liwiia m?at be prominent in the MeHtedicm of the future, He hoped the present district aieetiii? wuald be rJeawant and snrrwsfiil. and in otdar that it miaht be so he nrgod tfa> necessity of brotherly love, erneditian in tiinasrtiiif. the bneinets, and a sincere dependence on the epint of God for light and guidance. Tbe Vice-Pbesidixx (Mr. G. Robinson) said be was never in such a fix before in being nqmred to address that meeting in the capacity of vke-preaident For 4G years he bad tried to Jive ? CoriabUa life, and during the whale of toat time had been moceu lass (mplbaHl as a local rswarfcis. Ha hoped UkattfabndimiwcabldealMiiously with aU i tbe hiisTSiisbraagbt before the meeting. He refemd to the Tact that be and some other brethren wcce Bearing the other aid's aad i ? ??J^MsihMSfUuaded tae last mmtktg of *?etaa^|?UMsU!iMd they would aU meet ia i tU Isad Bsjsadtts. bhsa. The B?r. J. H. WtLUAasreada paragraph fnm tbe district committee's reportreferrim? to tbe action which a joint committee of the ACelaidst aad Moonta dutricU had tafasn duiissr ttoTeac As-tte matter wsaofpreu ixgimponssice it was molted to set aside tts fctawsaiy orrites ?sd proceed at cnaewiib the legialanDD en the rranion of the *<H??flf aad lloocU distnrfs. Tbe legislation of the dis trict committee was tins askd. aw atas that from the-Wssrlswle crranit. Is wsw tnauattr tbcugbttbat tbe Utter, which was tbe same as that of the district committee, with a few KodiScatk?s, should be dealt with cUnse by dauca. A very gsseral diecauioa took place, the matter bong debated for about tinea bouss. warn tbe Bar. W. Dunn moved ths adoption of tbe legislation aa a whole, this was aecoftded 6y Rev. H. J. Pope aad carried unanimously. A committee was appointed, wrajsti?g of the President, Revs. J. G. Wrigh£ and W. Bmient, and Msssrs. & Staafon, £ Gala,aUasshmsn,G.Siasons,ft Party, attd G. Robinson, to meet a ahnOar committee of tbe Moonta distnet. ia the Morpiett street Chntch, at 7 pan, to adjust difiVvenoes and agree open ? geneo! comae of astio?. It mo agreed, after eowisdeTable diwwsnon. that tbe amalgamation of the djstzicts do not take place ?nta news of Oaaferenee ?M received. The following is tbe lensntfoa as pwasd :— L Tbat the Adelaide and M~?*?^??^?t? berepnrted and called tae South Aastzaliaa district. 2\. Taat aU existing ?ules and regulations oa tbe payment of salaries and allowances to preacher*' children be abrogated. 3\. Tha* the foUowing scale of salaries be adorned:—Probationers, fiat two yearn, £35; aad second two year*. £104 per annum. Fall list BBsasaemwba have travelled less taaa aiz jean after passing probation, £152: Preachers who have faavdled more than hi years since probation, £176 per annum. Hired losal preachers, £136. These afaall be regarded as minimum salaries. Circuits -a—ling the whole of their suskionary may pay aa extra amount if they so desire. 4\. In addition to (be above salaries each reamed preacher shall be allowed £UU)i. par annum for each of bis children under 16 years of age born during- his miaistry, and he *h*ll have a furnished hous? aad £1 per quarter for euch articles as are not prorated. 5\. In order to provide for tbe payment of the allowances to preachers' children an equali sation fund shall be established, each married and hired local preacher (beingmarried) piviog an equal amount and each probationer and un named hired local preacher half the amount paid by tbe foregoing, to meet tbe allowances to preachers' children. 6 It shall be absolutely binding on atl preachers to send the equalisation fund contri butions to the treasurer within seven days of their respective quarterly noeetiogs. 7\. Theeqtudiaatuta fund shall be msaagad by ? eoau?fttee of ministers, who tsUsil be appointed anr/uaUy by the district meeting. S. This committee shall have no power to in terfese wttb tae esistenee of tfce food, or to incre?M?losw the amount allowed to each child, but in aR cases the committee shall have power to adjust the levy on tbe salaries p*id to meet tbe requirements of the fund. The TMtAflD?iui (jfa. Dunemj pressnted tbe accounts of theOsnfeseace, supesao?mated preachers', widows' and orphans' district meet ing, and district chapel sands. In a few in stances tbe circuits bad not honored, their obli- S***^^**"*.***^*** to rssse amomit? lewd, anafniswadtb—i as snatdOr asnawMsv T?e findings of tbe general committee dele gate on tbe circuit repasts were next dealt with, but little was done owing to tha lime ex pended upon tbe legfEfctisa, MOKDAI, FgBBBMT 27. Thanks tne aotosdfedl ts> the Rev. W. Dissent for tbe openin* sermon of Friday eveerag. * The circoit reports wcta ttea omceeded with, and the decreases of members, scholars, and teachers carefully enquired into. Sams station*^a* suffered] grastlrby removals to the Broken Hill distnet. whilst others were in a faitly prosperous condition. It wss retolved tbat the following legis lation be submitted to ths W"gM?h Con ference :—l. That the Adelaide and Moonta districts be reunited and called the South Australian diatowt, 2. That ths foUowiag scale of salansa fas adapted: — Proftationei?, first aad sscond ysata^ S2*l third and fourtb, £104. Tbe firlt six ye^f *%£* fMasn? probatfaM, £152; after wards, We per annum; hired local preachers, £13& laadduwo to these salaries pnachcu ?itbJ?n^??J *"*" ??OBive £S 10* per annum for each child under 16 years of age, which shall befunwh^fairata^oneveq^nmWa^akld local preacher, the fund thus established tobe mansged by a muasteiW committee, wfaich should have no power to interfere with the that tness scales should not come into opara tion natfl ant yaar, bat that should the Cjn feranss a—inn tfaa basis of ajuen tfaos soh mittad nWgenecal work of tha two diatriots be tnsiiajrd by the united c—inwrtwusimodiataly ?ftar Cbe September qusrtsclrmeesiags. * The Rev. T. WestnereU was appointad the foterai oomadttte d&'ettate for next year, aad the ttev. J. H. Williams diatrlct seoretary. The two magazines were merged into one, to Ike called the South Australian Primitive Mfthodist, and the Revs. J. Watson and W. Diment were appointed joint editors. Considerable discussion took place with reference to the extension of the church'* work in the district of Broken Hill and Silver ton, asd a committee was appointed to confer with the Moonta district relative to united action. The Rev. J. H. Williams presented the dis trict committee's report. The first matter dealt with was the outcome of a letter re ceived from the Queensland district re- I specting the holding of colonial conferences, I ?nd a general triennial eonfereaca As the j Qoeecsland district had appointed a com mittee to meet other committees appointed by tfce ether districts in Melbourne daring the Centennial Exhibition it was decided to ap point a committee to represent this district. The report showed that considerable difficulty bad been experienced on the Saddleirorth station doling the Tear, and it was generally thought that the division of the Sajdleworth circuit two years ago was a mistake. The Rev. W. Jbnkin moved that Saddleworth and Manoora stations ehtrold be remitted. This view of the case was sustained by Mr. WheUnm,, which was carried by a large majority. The Revs. E. Gratton and F. W. Janus attended to prerent the report of the Minor Methodist Union committee. The Rev. F. W. James read the following statement :— "A report of the joint committee on the above subject was presented by Revs. W. F. .tames and E. Gratton. The following is a biief abstract:—The joint committee, formed of ministers and other gentlemen, from the Primitive Methodist, Bible Obrittiaa, and Methodist New Connexion cbutchss, met in May, ISB7, and adopted a basis of union for the three bodies. The basis was duly submitted to the quarterly meetings. In August the joint committee held its second meeting, and after carefully considering the report of sub-committees appointed to enquire into the condition of trust estates, &&, they concluded there was nothing in connection with saA matters to render onion impracti cable. The last matins; of the joint committee took rdace Thnrsday, Febrnary 23, 16S8. Tne following is a general Bnmmaxy of the returns of the quarterly mfufo'nyt of the three churches in relation to the proposed union:—Foe the Union.—Primitive Metho ditt—ls GJrcmt?, votes not reported, 1,441 members. Sibls Christian—2o circuits, 136 votes, 1,607 membera. Mathodiit New Oan nerion—l circuit, X6 votes, 80 member*. Totals—l36 circuits, 152 votes, 3,123 mem bers. Against the Union.—Primitive Metho dist—7 circoite, votes not reputed, 1,147 membera. Bible Christian —11 circuits, 76 votes, 1,028 members. Totals— IS ctrcaits, 76 votes, 2,175 members, No returns were fur nished by four Primitive Methodist circuits, representing 252 membera, and three Bible Cbrutisn circuit?, representing 215 mem bers ; totals, seven circniU, 497 memben. Tne Methodi?t New Connexion Chazch voted nnaninionhly for npinn t and the Confe rence in England consented thereto. The return! of the Bible Christian Church indicate nearly a two third majority in favor of union. Fifteen of tbe Primitive Methodist circuits voted for it. The total mettben-hip of the three bodies is about CJOO3, and the circuits voting for union represent 3,128 of the number, 8o the committee pssssd tie following resolution:—'That after cm eicV ring theleturos of the Pnmitire Methodist, Bible Cbriitiar), and Methodist New Connexion quarterly meeting*, hi reference to the organic onion of the three bodice in Sonth Australia, we are convinced that the desire for it, though encashed by a great number, u not ttrong and wide euungh to warrant our respective conferences proceeding further at prarrak with negotiations for amalgams tion. We desire to record that m^hrrfr?i harmony and love have attended all our meeting*, aad to express the hope that a larger degree of am'tr, mutual respect, aad beatty 00-opetatkm will prevail among oar churches in the future. The committee found Ujat a great many ouooiti especially in the Bibb Christian Church, had epos taneently expressed themaeire* ia £?vor of the "[?*? tmion of all the M^t*"*^"* Chnxches in the colon?, and this minute was adopted. In unarming the return* we find that uany-of onr ctrouts ban, masked, ex pressed la unatrinrons desire for the organic union of all the Metfaodut Charcoal in the euiony. We belteve that finch a union, arranged ?poo terms mutual!* honorable, would be gtaeraUy approved by oar mimsten and people, and prove of immense advantage in dealisfr wztb great social questions and the txttnEjon of Christ's Kingdom.'" The fol lowins xssol?tufls- waa also- 9asaad-**np*<Tfiat if, as scesasprotasMe from tfce craobnioa on Metncdist Ulior, adopted by the last Wes fcyaa Conference in Adelaide, the nrrioo of aU the al?thodist Churches ia SooCk Aus tralia win be deferred we strongly recommeod the tarnation of a committee, reptesenting all sections of Methodism, to prevent unholy and wasteful ritsJiy, eapfciaHy ia ssaall centres o£ fwpriatua, sad to promote wider co-operation m cpnadinr tfce gospel throoghoutthe colony." Tce&er.; J. H. Wamsc moved the adoption of the report, and that the thanks of the dis trict laoeUiM be presented to the committee for thus labors during tha past sear. Tais was tconavfed by Mr. DnrcsT and carried A depstatio? from the WesUvan Conference, consisting of the Revs. J. Y. Simprm, R. ML Hunter, G. E. Rove, and Mr. D. Nock. waited on the assembly to Dreamt fraternal greetings. The Paseiusxx, on behalf of tha district gathering; welcomed the deputation. The Rev. J. Y. Simpson explained that he vh present in the place of the president of die Carference, who was absent from the city. Ha rejoiced in .tha- work being done by the Primitive Methodist Church, and also greatly rejoiced ia Has reomoo of the two districts. The Btr. R, M. Htvfxe said be had not came to offer the patronage of the WeaJeyaa Cburch or to express any pity for tnoee present. a? he felt sure they bad no need of tha one or the other. He desired to congratulate the Primi tive Methodists on past eucoessec. and whilst he did not think they were as like the Wee leyan. Church as two peas, yet the two bodies were mere neatly alike than some people afcmtd to imagine. He thought they were united in that they had the common foes of infidelity and intemperance. They had ako a common work, viz.. to spread Scriptural holiness throcghont tha lsad. Heboped that the Primitive Methodist Church would lead oa in zeal and bnrtsiog earnettnen, and the WetLay an Churoh would follow as rapidlr as possible, Tte Rev. G. E. Rowe and Mr. l> Nock aUo addrened themeetang, asd the Rev*. U. J. Pcpe, W. Disiest, and Mr. 8. SrAsrox re pli'd. The district building committee's report was if ctived and adopted. It svas etated Uiat new . cheixle had been bnilt at C?raoagh (oa the Dawicn miseiao), WeUiogton, and Piae Creek. Sanction bad been giren for the sale of Auburn CbaptL With reference to the custodian of deeds it was resolved that a levy of 2a. 01. per tiiwt be made on the chapels in the district to I meet the exptrnves incurred, and that thia amount be paid at once. The district meeting chapel committee's re> port was received acd considered. The Port ?ftcelaide trust asked for the name consideration as latt year, and it was agreed to grant the nquett. An application was received from the Kb ricea station to have to have the Spring batk Chftpel debt placed on the district chapel fuse!, bat was not entertained. Tfce district tea meeting was held in the cvtnirg, and was numeroutly attended. At 7.c(3 the Hrnnftl miofcionatj- aueeting was held in the Welluigton-equfite Gtiarch, Mr. C. Dcran, of Chatleston, itMaLling over a large ladimcc. The Cbaibhas said he was very Itanklul that he beloD?>ed to the Primitive Methodist body, which was characterised by so much liberty and freedom of action. He thought, as a cnurcb, they would yet prosper n-ore^abundantly. The Rev. J. H. William* prefcenttd a lengthy and carefully prepared re-' tort, in which the origin, ain s, and purposes cf the Primitive Methodist Connexion were represented to be pre-eminently missionary. Tbe tressurer'B report, presented by Mr. w. U14.-SM, of North Adelaide, showed.that tsare was about £400 debt on the rund. The Reva. IA. W. Wellington, A, J. Beer, and J. Weib gave admirable address. The North Adelaide choir sssg seme very nice anthems' daring the evening. Tcisdas-, Fkbkua&y; 2& Tbereport? Iron: the book and pnblishiag committee were received and adopted, and is was resolved that an attempt should be made to erect a booktoom on tbe Morpbett-Btreet trust property. It was resolved to lay the matter of uniting j tbe Broughton miapinn with the K"?^"ft station before tbe quarterly "??t^ of the latter. Tbe question-of uniting the Kapuada and Morgan missions occupied a good deal of atten. tion. Those opposed to the union feared that no good could come of it, and that probably much harm would ensue, but it was finally decided that the two stations should be re united. . The fiecoad reading of. the stations was passed as follow*: — AdVLrids 1, J. G Wright; Adelaide 2, H. J. Pope; Adelaide c, W. Jeddn-; AdeUida 4, S. Welliogton; Adelaide 6, J. H. Wi?iame; Kooocga, S. Gray; Sausbury, H. Holmes j Caddie worth, K. Kewel, H. Parkweon; Strathalbyv, A. J. Hurt; Woodeide, W. fiiment; Kadina, W. Jarrttt, Two WeHe, J. 3. Salmon; G?wler, S. E*jffiond; MallaU, A.. W. Weiiiiucton; BedbQl,xL Ha?Uey; Yongala, H. J. Pirian eoo; Lanza, W,T. Wilteijire; Kapunda and ' Morgan, R. Jacka?Ui T. Allan^. Dawaon, one tobeobtained; Port?ronghton, pub tobeob- t tauud ; Wellington,^. K. McDonald-; Barrier Racgcs, one twlk obtaunM. 