Religion and Philanthropy. \- The Approval of Conscience. Br Rbv. H. Cbosby, D.D. Our rejoicing is tills, the testimony of our eon science, that w simplicity and godly sincerity. j not with fleshly wisdom, but by the grace of God, we have had our conversation in the world.—2 j Cos. i. 12. 1 TEE common view of a religious life by the world is that of a painful self-denial and depressing sorrow endured by the religious person as a requisite for the rewards of eter nity. This view would suit the religious life . of heathenism, but hus not a line of Uuth in it . as a view of the consistent life of the Christian . believer. It is perfectly true that in heathenism \- the man undergoes sufferings self-imposed in •- hopes of meriting heaven. He makes his life miserable here in order that it may be happy hereafter. But to apply this to the Christian believer is only the net of gross ignorance on f the part of the carnal mind. Joy is one of the characteristics of the Chris ~ ,tian- It is one of his high privileges, and he ' * is urged by the sacred writers to use it. If he does not, it is not because God has not bestowed | the gift, but because the believer has debarred himself from the use of it by his attempt to find his joy in earthly vanities. The consistent i Christian is the most joyous of men The \- : source of his joy is indestructible, and the r' character of his joy is sublime. Because he \-- does not participate in the foolish joys of the v - world, the world would set him down as cut off from all joy, very much as a child might • • look upon a man as lost to all joy because he no longer played at ball or blind man's buff. • The joy of the Christian is beyond the ken or comprehension of the worldly heart, and hence . it is denied by it. If he thould enumerate the contents of that joy to the worldly-minded • man, the latter could not appreciate the catn ■- logue, and would treat it all as a delusion. But • -. we are no more to go to the worldly man to find . out what Christian joy is than we should go to » - him to find oat what Christian faith is. One of the grand elements of the kingdom of God, which is the kingdom within the believer's heart, is joy in the Hely Ghost. The Apostle prays God to fill the Kom&n; saints with all joy as believing, and he told the Corinthian Chris tians that he was the helper of their joy. He • • •: says to the Galttians that the fruit of the spirit is love, joy, and peace. Peter writes that we • • have here on earth in Christ a " joy unspeak able." We could multiply such scriptures, .v which entirely contradict the notion that the life in Christ is painful and gloomy with sclf : denial and restriction. It is the freest of all Uvea. Itisperfectjliberty intheLord. It has •: a will conformed to God's will, and hence all : things are according to its will. This is the .. perfection of liberty—this is the acme of joy. The dements of »hia joy are as manifold as the wonderful gifts of God in Christ are xnani • told, each gilt implanting an eternal joy. One of these elements the Apostle men tions in oar text—" the testimony of oar con science that in simplicity and Godly sincerity -wehave had our conversation in the world." • -The conscience, whetherone faculty or a com • bmation of faculties, is the representative of . God in the man. Sin has weakened it, but in the believer grace gives it new strength. The • testimony of conscience in our favour in any •martyr is a source of comfort. It is wonderful . . what peace it gives amid disorderly surround ings—what courage it gives against fierce opposition. The reason is not that the man endorses himself, but that God endorses him. : It is this thought in some form, that God : approves, which gives the peace and the courage. The dullest soul has something cf \- Gita experience. The very effect upon the man \- of an approving conscience is a proof that God is in the conscience. Every man, converted or unconverted, feels this infiaence of on approv ing conscience. His conscience does not teach. It only approves or disapproves. It is not its office to teach. It cuunot communicate doctrine. It dees not even declare the correctness of an action. It only declares the correctness of a \- motive. It endorses the soul and spirit, not the ootward act, for the outward uct may be au error of judgement. Men may do con scientiously what is wrong. The trouble is that they are ignorant. Their intelligence, not their conscience, works awry. JThe approval of conscience is the approval of the motive with . which the act is done, and conscience makes no TmatnlfA If there is a mistake, it is in the intelligence. We should act as conscience ap proves, bnt we should see the truth dearly, in order that conscience may approve only where the action is right. We talk of an enlight- ned ' conscience. We mean an enlightened judge ' xnent, for conscience is always enlightened. It always approves aright motive, and always disapproves a wrong motive. Conscience may be stronger or weaker as it pronounces its judgement more or less emphatically, and here it is sin that we tkens it and grace that strengthens it. But while conscience may be strong or weak, it can never be wrong. It is God's representative, and must be right (bear in mind) in regard to motive, its only sphere of judgement, and not necessarily in regard to . action, which depends upon our enlightened mind. It is important, therefore, to know of what action conscience bears witness to a right motive, and also how far and by what tho mind is enlightened in the matter. In the case of the consistent Christian, as given by the apostle in our text, the action is a life of simplicity and godly sincerity, or, as it is better read, a life of holines^ and godly sincerity. This is the grand fact in which conscience gives the favourable verdict. It is one in which (as we shall see afterward).the , . enlightened mind secures the approval of motive from any error regarding act. In this it is not ' only right to follow conscience, but conscience ' unmistakably follows right. But of that V afterwards How we have to do only with the . goto* indicated. It is a Xifo whoso springs are holy and sincere before God.^ It is not a perfect life. It is not a life of eminent sanctity nocossarily. But it is a life that abhors the crookod ways of the world, that loves God's truth, that prefers purity to earthly success, that seeks to bo un epcttod from the world,. that looks Godward and is perfectly honest in that look. It is such a life as that of Nathaniel, an Israelite indeed in whom was no guile. Such a life is the fur thest remove from deceit and double-dealing. Somo men, oven Christians, are always playing a double part. They even deceive themselves by season of their constant practice of deoeit on others. They even think- to deceive God. They grow into insincere habits. They profess experiences they never had. They use cant expressions which mean nothing. They do not resolutely set out to be false, hut they have fallen into a life of insincerity, and do not realiso it. They are not what wc call *4 bad men." They are true Christians. On tbo whole, they mean well. But they have allowed their selfish ends to mingle with their piety to such an extent that you do not know where to trust them. You cannot tell what is piety and what is selfishness. It is this class of Chris tians whom men of the world take as their favourite text when they would sneer at reli gion. They see them in business making corners and gambling in stocks, and then hear of them talking in prayer-meetings. They see them refusing to pay honest debts, and using legal techicalitics to this end, and then hear of them founding mission schools. The church is only the poorer for their presence and benefactions. What effect must it have on unconverted inen, who have common discern ment, to hear appeals or prayers from those whom they know to have gained their fortunes in crooked ways and to have reaohed their ends by doubtful expedients ? What our Holy God demands of His saints is a holy heart—a heart that is sincere in its plans and aspirations, a heart that despises trickery and hypocrisy. It may be the victim of a wrong judgement, but it wUlnot be the victim, of wrong motives. It will be a heart that the conscience can approve. And what can bo compared to the serenity of that man who can look back and know that his life has been thus straight and honest before God, who can be assured that he has not de frauded or taken advantage of the weak or ignorant, and that he has been true in his dealings with his fellow-man ? it was this grand testimony of his conscience that was an element in Paul's daily joy, and that more than couuter-balanced all his trials. He had had his conversation with the world— that is, he had so behaved himself towards others thathewas notafraid tolookanyxnanintheface. He was not one who would turn down a side street to avoid meeting a man whom he had wronged. Ho had not sown his life with thorns by making enemies through scheming and so-called shrewdness. He had been open, honest, true to all, and hence he had not to crouch to any. And now what was the cause of this transparent character? Ho tells us negatively and positively. : Negatively, it was not fleshly wisdom. Some men are honest because honesty is tho best policy. Such men are not to be trusted. : If at any time they should think dishonesty to be the best policy, they will be dishonest. * They are honest only for low, selfish ends. Tncy are not honest for honesty's sake. They are not honest because it is right and true and God-like. They are not honest because their souls are honest. They are simply following a fleshly wisdom, a Benjamin Franklin policy of refined cunniug. There is no godly sincerity in the matter, there is no holiness. It is only a semblance of these high virtues that they show, for that is all that fleshy wisdom can attain to. The natural heart cannot teach holiness. Its highest effort that way is a whitewash morality, that has no basis and hence no permanence. The moral men who rest on fleshly wisdom for their morality cannot stand the test. Probe them, examine into their lives, find how they have treated employes, poor relations, or objects of benevolence; discover what their companions in trade think of them: know, if you can, how they have treated the Custom House and the tax commissioners, and you will see that worldly morality is only skin-deep. No comforting conscience can console such a heart and give it a cheerful retrospect. Paul's joy came forth from no such muudy fountain. But he tells us positively that his einccre life sprang from the grace of God. Ho saw: hie own utter inadequacy in tho matter. Ho ;felt his own w«rthles8ne«s. He knew well: his native depravity. He had no comfort or hope from that quarter. And hence his serene survey of his past life of sincerity had no self conceit in it. Only gratitude was evolved by the contemplation. God's grace had done it alt. God's grace bad found him a sinner. That grace had transformed and rescued him. That grace had subdued his pride and broken his stubborn will. It had : led him to cast himself wholly on his Saviour for pardon nud for holiness. It bad thus made hira partaker of the Divine nature, and from that Divine nature ho had got his sincerity— his Godly sincerity. It was the divine in hira that had made his life a true and honest one toward man as toward God. It had made him hate the ways of deception and selfish greed. It had taught him to imitate the Divine Model, and to wish to be like the holy ones above. It had given him a taste for purity and righteous ness, no that he loved honesty and uprightness, and this became uh much a part of his being as was his intelligence. What wonders this grace of God achieves I It turns the wolf into a lamb, the serpent into a dove; it draws out the foul brood of demons from the soul and fills their place with the Holy Spirit. And doing this, it removes the antagonisms and perpltxitios that torture life, and makes the life calm and contented. It was this grace of God that Paul knew to be the source of his clean conscience, and hence the source of his joy. For he could not bo mistaken. We have said that a conscience may rightly approve the motive when the action is i wrong. But where tho grace of God is seen | to bo the spring of tho , action, there the conscience-approval is net coupled with any error of act. Tho conscience approves tho motive, and thovintoUigonoo is sure of tho righteousness of tho act. Tho joy ib thoreforo without a peradventure or' alloy. There is a clear field of vision for the retrospective view. There is nothing hidden or doubtful. Paul was uttering no guess when ho spoke of his life of godly sincerity toward tho world. Ho was not making a wish to ho father of the | thought. Ho was stating a perfectly clear I truth, regarding which God was a witness. Ab j wo said before, there was not a particle of presumption or conceit in the language, for tho graco of God was to him the only factor in tho case, and gratitude was its natural fruit. It was tho joy thus gained by Paul that made him such a mighty man of valour. A man without joy canuot be great. Tho greater and truer tho joy the grander the man is tor high manhood. And Paul's joy was the greatest and truest that mau can have. It was heavenly joy for heavenly gifts. " Brethren, this joy was not meant for Paul to monopolise. That joy was meant for you and me, as partakers of Christ. Ho wishes us all to bo joyful. He commands us to he joyful. Arc we obeying tho command ? If not, what. is the reason? What about our lifo in tho world ? Does God see in it holiness and godly sincerity ? or are wo crooked in our ways ? Depend upon it, if we are, wo cannot possibly have tho heavenly joy which comes from a clear conscience. Bettor, far bettor, to bo without a penny and have this clear conscience before God than to havo millions without it! When we sec that a clear conscienco is such a prize, and that it has its highest power in the heart which by tbe grace of God is made tin cere, shall we not be watchful against the allurements which, Satan puts. forward every day to lead us into duplicity and over-reaching, to falsehood and artifice ? Shall we who are Christians imitate tho vuin world in its conduct and rob ourselves of all the privileges and de lights of tho Divine life? Isn't it well for us to say, to-day, that we renounce fleshly wis dom as our guide, and keep ourselves only into the Divine grace, so that hereafter we shall not look back on a .life of reproachful,confusion and corrupt stains, but view with grateful satisfaction a life, of holiness, and godly sin cerity ? It is in the power of each of us to make this grand experience ours. God's grace is ready. Are we ready? 