AN HISTORIC CELEBRATION. THE FIRST COMMUNITY OF NUNS IN AUSTRALIA. On the 31st of December 1838, the good ship Francis Spaight entered Sydney heads with the first community of nuns for Australasia. The little pioneer band of holy women consisted of five Sisters of Charity, namely, Mrs. O'Brien, Mrs. De Lacey, Mrs. Cahill, Mrs. Callen, and Miss Williams, and they came under the fatherly protection of Dr. Ullathorne, then the Vicar-General of the colony, and now happily living in honoured old age, with the rank of Archbishop in England. On the day following their arrival, New Year's Day, the Sisters were formally welcomed to Australia in old St. Mary's Cathedral by Archbishop Pold ing. We owe the introduction of the Sisters to Australia to the saintly Archbishop Polding. That venerable prelate in 1837 made application to Mother Mary Augustine Aikenhead, foundress of the Sisters of Charity in Ireland, for a community to be devoted to the Australian Mission, and the request was alpost immediately complied with. As the 50bh or jubilee anniversary of tho historic landing of tho Sisters falls on Monday week, the event, as might be naturally supposed, will be fittingly celebrated in the Mother House of the Sisters of Charity in the colonies which we need hardly say is St. Vincent's Con vent, Victoria-street. Tho chief feature of the celebration will be a solemn religious service, at which we are given to understand his Eminence the Cardinal- Archbishop will officiate. The fact that the anniversary falls on New Year's Eve would appear not to have escaped the friends of the Order of Charity in Europe and Ireland, for we have received information to the effect that a number of beautiful and appropriate pre sents have reached the Rev. Mother at St. Vincent's. Among the gifts received, we understand, exclusive of those sent from places in the colonies, are a magnificent cope from the Mother House of the Sisters of Charity in Dublin, from which the first Aus tralian community came, and a number of ele gant pictures and chapel ornaments from the Father-General of the Order in Paris, the Rev. Mother of the Sisters of Charity in Paris, St. Vincent's Hospice, Dublin, the Hospice for the Dying, Harold's Cross, Dublin, and the Industrial School in .Dublin, conducted by the Sisters of Charity. It is expected that by New Year's Day, the list of congratulatory gifts will be consider- ably swelled by additional presents from friends in the colonies. Several speech-day reports of the convent schools are held over till next week. We have received from Mrs. George Cohen, May field, Uarbry, the sum of £1 in aid of the Ken mare convent, County Kerry, Ireland. The Rev. D. J. O'Riordan, who was collecting - in Australia for the Q'Connell Memorial Church, has been appointed parish priest of St. Patrick's parish, Kingwilliamstown, county Cork, Ireland. Brother Emilian, the President of St. Joseph's College, Hunter's Hill, accompanied to Brisbane by train 30 Queensland boys, who were returning to their homes for the Christmas holidays. Brother Basil accompanied a similar contingent by sea. We have at present in Sydney as Christmas visitors the Very Rev. Father Walters, the pre sident of the flourishing college of St. Patrick, Wellington, New Zealand, and the Rev. Mr. Sullivan, S.M., one of the staff. The monthly meeting of the 3rd Order of St. Francis took place at St. Charles' Church, Wa verley, on Sunday. Father Kennedy, O.S.F., preached a touching sermon. Three ladies and gentlemen were received and six professed into the Order. At this festive season the charitably disposed would do well to remember the 50 or 60 old people at the Randwick Home for the Aged Poor. The Little Sisters of the Poor, who have to feed and clothe the poor creatures who are under their hos pitable care, wiil be most grateful for seasonable presents of any kind. One or two of the inmates of the Home are verging on 100 years of age, and several others are between 70 and 90. Dr. Barry, the Anglican Primate, paid a most eloquent tribute to the late Right Hon. W. B. Dalley at the memorial meeting on Monday even ing. We venture to say no nobler tribute has ever been paid by a Protestant prelate to a Catholic, and the fact that the late Mr. Daliey was so conspicuous for his attachment to his Church makes the Bishop's eulogy all the more striking and significant. Those who wish to do a kindly act at Christmas time will find in St. Joseph's Providence, Cum berland-street, in the Home for the Aged Poor at Randwick, and in the school for destitute children at Manly, worthy objects of their piety and their charity. The Providence is conducted by the Sisters of St. Joseph, the Randwick Home by the Little Sisters of the Poor, and the Manly institu- tion by the Good Samaritan Sisters. The Tempe Refuge. — The Cardinal- Archbishop was to have blessed the new chapel erected for the penitents of the Magdalene Refuge at Tempe, Cook's River, conducted by the Sisters of the Good Samaritan, on Sunday afternoon, but the unfavourable state of the weather made the post ponement of the ceremony a matter of necessity. The chapel, a tastefully-designed and well-finished building, has been erected between the convent and the refuge, and it is intended for the use of both the Sisters and the 'Magdalenes' under their care. It is probable the opening ceremony will take place early next year. On Saturday afternoon a committee of ladies, including a number not of the Catholic faith, provided a feast for the inmates of the the institution. On Monday evening, the 10th instant, the Very Rev. Gonsalvo Kavanagh, O.P., delivered one of his interesting and characteristic lectures on the temperance question, in St. Joseph's Church, Balmain West, to a large and appreciative audience. The Mayor of Five Dock (Mr. M. A. Williamson) who presided, in introducing the rev. lecturer said Father Kavanagh was known to those present by reputation which proclaimed him to be eloquent and earnest in his endeavours to prevent the de- gradation of mankind. He (Father Kavanagh) was one of those men who were fighting in a great cause. In response to the lecturer's request the whole congregation arose whilst the rev. gentleman administered the pledge. Father O'Reilly moved a vote of thanks to Father Kavanagh, who suitably responded. Death of Archbishop Choke's Sister.— The Irish papers of Nov. 10. record the death of Mother Mary Joseph Croke, which took place at the Convent of Mercy, Charleville, county Cork. For forty- two years she had lived and laboured in the midst of its people. Her life was given to the poor and suffering. In her work within the cloister she displayed to the last much of that enthusiastic zeal which in the early days of her religious life carried her to the East to minister to the sick and dying soldiers of the Crimea. With such enthusiasm, combined with intellectual gifts of a singularly high order, it is not matter for wonder that she filled a large place in the town which her labours blessed. That she was, besides all this, the sister of the Archbishop of Cashel will extend much more widely the circle of sympathy which will surround her grave. This circum stance will make her death a matter of personal feeling to Irishmen the world over. A sister of the venerable nun who has just gone to her re ward is the beloved head of the Bathurst Mercy Convent of this colony. In our next issue will appear a humorous sketch by ' The Flaneur,' entitled ' Grizzleton Grimm ; or, The Ghost's Grievance.' The Natives and the Late Mr. Dalley. — Tak- ing him all in all (says the Australian Star), Mr. Dalley was the most distinguished man the province has produced, and if the natives do not support the movement to erect a permanent monument to his memory, they will thereby show that they are lacking in at least one of the ele ments of genuine nationality. We believe, how ever, that they will not fail in their duty, but will give such a response to the appeals that will be made as will prove that they have a just ap preciation of the honour secured to their country by the deeds of Mr. Dalley. Horse Disease in South Australia. — Ade- laide, Tuesday. — Another outbreak of horse fever is reported from the north, owing to the neglect of the farmers last year to stamp it out. A large number of farms are quarantined. The stock de partment is taking active measures in the matter. 