BUSSELTON ANGLICAN CHURCH CONCERT. To the Editor. Sib,—I have "before me the letter of your Correspondent, "Tour Own," appearing in the Times of 16th inst., in which he replies to mine of the 29th ultimo. In answer I begin at the end of it. In concluding his letter he says, and in this I quite agree with hiin, that in virtue of my office I should be a " herald of peace." On this point I can only say that if he finds this our correspondence troublesome, he has only to blame himself for it. I have not started it. I fulfilled my duty towards those entrusted to my care, and for whose souls I shall one diay have to give a strict account. For this he attacked me in an unwarrant able manner in public print. Every man is free to defend himself when assailed. I am only fighting in self defence. Why then should he now accuse me of stirring up & party str ifef Such a charge should he brought home to him who is entitled to it. It was he, not I, who originated this strife, if a strife there be. For my part, I assure him, I do love to be in peace with my neighbours as much as any man could do- Would to God that all Christians were once more, as of old, united in one fold under one Shepherd! Would to God it were once more given us to realize " how good and how pleasant it is for breth ren to dwell together in unity!" Then would peace reign supreme in deed. But now there is a true peace and & false peace. The false peace is that which restB on the tottering basis of private judgment. The true peace is that experienced in the "bosom of the true Church of God, under the infal lible guidance o£ the- Holy Ghost.'1? And in. respect to this true peace I rejoice to proclaim myself indeed a " herald of peace." ■ This is the peace j we Catholics are bent upop restoring, to: our Protestant brethren, Tpishin| | to them as we do, all the heavenly blessings we. .wish for ourselves^ "Would to God they were not, as they are, so much hindered from being re conciled to the trae Church by pre judiced men and interested leaders. They should indeed be more anxious than they have hitherto been, to seriously investigate and examine the claims of the Catholic Church to their allegiance, since it was the Church of their fore- j fathers for hundreds-and hundreds of years, up to the evil times of the schism caused by a profligate King, Henry VIII. Tbey should pray much , to God, earnestly and unceasingly beg-1 ging Him to grant them light. They should read Catholic books, and never j rest until tbey have satisfied them selves that they have left nothing un done to find out whether it be true or not that the Catholic Church is the only true Church instituted by Christ, and out of which there is no Salva tion, viz , for those who culpably re main out of it. If they would act thus, God would help them, and by His all-powerful grace He would re store them to the sure way He has provided for us in the guidance of His Holy Church. By the word culpably 1 mean that those who have once suf ficiently, or fully, understood that the Catholic Church is the only One true Church of God, but for some worldly motive still remain out of it, are /culp ably out of it. I pass by, Sir, what your Corres pondent says about ignorance being the mother of devotion, a,s also what he calls my priestly tyranny. As regards the lack o£ information, in matters of faith, manifest in a number of the Yasse Catholics, to which he refers, the cause of it is not alone the fre quency of mixed marriages in this town and its neighbourhood ; but an other cause, teeming witti sad results, is the absence of a Catholic School in their midst. For no Catholic School has ever been opened in or about the Vasse. I have reason to believe it shall not be so much longer. Any how, hitherto the Catholics of the Yasse have had no means of procur ing to their children any learning ex cept by sending them to the Govern ment or Protestant School. Now, Sir, we can well imagine what the faith of a Catholic child shall be, and what his respect for Catholic priests, should he happen to have for his teachers men as little in love of the Catholic religion as is my present Correspondent, " Your Own." Now as to the obedience children owe to their parents, children are bound to obey their parents in all lawful things, and they are to learn of their pastors what is and what is not, lawful', when they should obey,! and when they should not obey, their parents. No man, in his senses will attempt to deny that there are cases and cases when children are by God forbidden to obey their parents' in iquitous orders.—There are good and bad parents. Says the Parent of par ents : " f came not to send peace upon the earth, but the sword. For I came to set a man at variance against his father, and the daughter against her mother, etc. And a man's enemies shall, be those of his own household. He that loveth father or mother more than me is not worthy of me: and he that loveth son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me." (Matt. X. 34—38.) " Tour Own" again repeats his charge against my absent predecessors. I shall let them answer for themselves when they hear of it. As regards the matter of conscience, " Your Own " confounds conscience with private judgment. And so he may safely con tinue iu his belief that Catholics re pudiate the doctrine of private judg ment in the sense in which our Pro testant friends understand it. "Your Own" then speaks as though I had asserted in my previous letter that all who are not in com munion with the Catholic Church are going to perdition: I have asserted no such thing. I said they are wandering out of the right wag. To be in the right way one must he, or become, a member of the Catholic Church. But we pronounce no judgment concern ing those who are "inculpably " out Bide itB pale. Next, and laist, "Your Own" claims for the Anglican Church'the title of Catholic. So have all the churches separated from ns claimed it, but in vain. Common sense givesto every Church its genuine name and title. And the old story stands for ever good—What the little boy did,of. old. he shall do for ever more: " When a stranger comes to the Vasse, if he asks any little boy to' show him the Catholic Church, that little ,boy will not show him the ProteBtant Church, but the well-known Catholic'Church." In conclusion, Sir, I doubt ns1 that our Protestant friends in general, who have read " YourOvtn's " letter, did not fail to feel hurt by its tone and style. Abuse is no argument. We should not forget that we are Christians—nor, as Christians, should we disdain to abide by the maxim of a great Christian teacher: " In neces~ sary things, unity; in doubtful things, liberty ; hut in all things, charity." 1 am, Sir, Tour faithful servant, A. J. LECAILLB. Yasse, October 18th, 1888. 