;;;.;,: M of e s o f t h e M o n t h. .,....? . i ' ' ' ? nhHIj 'centenary has come and gone. Public interest has ,,-*?; naturally centred on the celebration in Sydney. In many respects it has been worthy of the place and the people. Passing to; the religious demonstration, we remark that the united Protestant service was unique. It was the first time our Primate has been on the same platform for a religious service with ministers of 'other denominations.' The occasions must be necessarily rare when such a course is expedient, but the momentous nature of the event amply justified it. As the Bishop eloquently remarked, 'On all great days of national enthusiasm the frostwork of division is quelled as by a glorious name, but how much more when such enthusiasm was so kindled by the Divine fire from the altar of God that it went up in a great cloud of incense to the heavens, where all were one in Him ?' The service in St. Andrew's Cathedral was no doubt hearty; but it is like a chronicle of small beer after the gorgeous celebration in St. Mary's (R.C.) Cathedral, with its Cardinal and twelve other Bishops all assisting in the pageant. Of the whole list of Australasian Bishops present at St. Andrew's it is regretful to notice \none from New Zealand, and only four from Australian Bees.' : It' was a golden opportunity lost. We can only hope that as, in a manner, the Melbourne Exhibition will memorialise the ceiitennialyear, there may be something like a federal assemblage of Church dignitaries to commemorate the opening of our own Cathedral, which, also, we trust, may signalise the centennial year Yet' notwithstanding the 'function' in St. Andrew's might not have reached an ideal height, it represents a wonderful advance. How different in every way, in character and in numbers, was the Church of 1788 from the Church of 1888. It seems strange to read of Knopwood's Melancholy Laments on Unforced JSxile, and compare them with the magnificent results achieved in the hundred years. Certainly in his time, and for a quarter of a century onwards, the Church was poor enough in equipment, in. men, -in spiritual life. Even the wave of the earlier Evangelicalism was long in reaching Australasian shores. We smile, too, when we think of the Metropolitanate of Sydney as the erstwhile Archdeaconry of Calcutta. But progress came in with the forties by leaps and bounds. Instead of the solitary chaplain there are now in Australia alone thirteen Bishops and. some seven hundred clergy. There are thousands of churches, and perhaps nearly a million of people professing allegiar ce to our branch of the Catholic Church. Nor has this been a progress of mere numbers. Bishop Perry initiated a procedure which almost took away the breath of the fathers of the last genera tion. The formation of Church Assemblies was a daring step, jperhaps only possible in the free air of our democratic continent. But, with a solitary exception, every diocese in England and Wales has now its counterpart, and nothing has contributed more largely to the increased activity of the Church at home. We may go further, and claim that this has been our contribution to Anglicanism throughout the world. The. note of federation, struck first in our own diocese, has spread until its full harmony will be heard only in the Pan- Anglican Synod of 18881 npHE following invitation has been sent by the Archbishop of ? -H- - Canterbury to all the Bishops of the Anglican communion in active service throughout the world. They now number about 210— 'Lambeth Palace, 9th November, 1887/ Right Reverend and dear Brother — I am now able to send you definite information with regard to the Conference of Bishops of the Anglican communion to be held at Lambeth, if God permit, in the summer of next year. In accordance with the precedent of 1878, it has been arranged that the Conference shall assemble onTuesday, 3rd July, 1888. After four days' session there will be an adjourn ment, in order that the various committees appointed by the conference may have opportunity of deliberation. The conference will re-assemble, on Monday, 23rd July, on Tuesday, 24th July, and will conclude its session on Friday, 27th July. Information as to the services to be held in connection with the conference and other particulars will be made public as the time draws near. I have received valuable suggestions from my Episcopal brethren in all parts of the world as to the subjects; upon which it is thought desirable that we should deliberate.:. These suggestions have been carefully weighed by myself and by the Bishops who have been good enough to co-operate with me in making the preliminary arrangements, and , the following are the subjects definitely selected for discussion:— 1. The Church's practical work in relation to — (a) Intemperance, (6) Purity, (c) Care of Emigrants, (d) Socialism. 2. Definite teaching of the Faith to various classes, and the means thereto.- 3. The Anglican communion in relation to the Eastern Churches, to the Scandinavian and other Reformed Churches, to the Old Catholics, and others. 4. Polygamy of heathen converts. Divorce. 5\. Authoritative standards of Doctrine and Worship. 6. Mutual relations of Dioceses and Branches of the Anglican communi6n. May I venture ' again to invite your earnest prayer that the Divine Head of the Church may be pleased to prosper with His blessing this our endeavour to promote His glory and the advancement of His kingdom upon earth1?— I remain, your faithful brother and servant in Christ, Ebw. Cantuar.' p ANON CHALMERS, in the first of his Four Sermons, a notice ^ of which appeared in our last number, tells us that the immediate cause of his preaching them was a passage in the sermon of the preacher at the consecration of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Sale, in which he not only glorified his own communion as the sole representation of Catholic Christianity, and its ministers as the sole possessors of the apostolic commis sion, but also took occasion to say that 'the Anglican Bishops, if asked, were compelled to state that their authority came from Queen 'Victoria and the Privy Council.' The reply to this statement is found in its proper place in the fourth sermon on Anglicanism: — 'I am not defending State Churches. For the sake of the Church — I do not say for the sake of the nation — I Tioliovp in n. ' TTrpp. fVlmrrVh irt n. TTVpa Rtn.fp. ' Tint, if n/nir mnn tells me that the Bishops of the Anglican Church anywhere derive their authority from the Crown, I say that he is very ignorant or very untruthful. As the candidate for- the Anglican Episcopate humbly kneels before the Altar of God, the conse crating prelates solemnly lay their hands upon his head, and the word of power is spoken : ' Receive the Holy Ghost, for the office and work of a Bishop in the Church of God, now com mitted unto thee by the imposition of our hands : in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' It is then, dear brethren, that our Bishops receive their commission — not from Queen or Privy Council, but from the representa tives of the Church's Lord and Head. It is through this solemn ordination that they derive from Him their spiritual 'authority.' . I hope that point is made clear. ' FROM some telling passages in these Sermons on the evils of denominationalism we extract' the following: — 'The dis ruptions and discords of Christianity have, it is alleged, ' helped the cause of truth, ministered to Christian efficiency, ;and facilitated the work of drawing men to Christ.' If denomina tionalism has ' facilitated the work of drawing men to Christ,' how comes it to pass that the early promise of Catholic Christi anity to convert the world to the Saviour has, in these later-ages of variance and faction, so disastrously failed of fulfilment? If division, not unity, be the strength of Christendom, then the more numerous the sects the brighter the hope of progress. And, if so, what is the meaning of these 'Evangelical Alliances,' these 'Undenominational Societies,' these ' Unsectarian Evange- lists V 'What is the meaning of the attempts made of late by larger bodies to draw back within themselves the fragments that had broken off from them and been organised into separate denominations ? The fact is that the Christian instincts of good men are truer than their theories. The prayer of the Saviour, 'That they all maybe one,' pierces the consciences of His sincere followers, however perverted their intellects may be by false idea©, Yes, brethren, Christian men ar§ beginning to feel that diversity apart from organic unity is a sham and a delusion, and that New Testament Christianity means organic unity made manifest in diversity. Their longings and aspirations are nobler than their theories. ' BY an inadvertency, which we regret, the subscription of the Bishop of Melbourne to the Cathedral Organ Fund was set down in our last issue as £50, whereas the amount really subscribed was £100. ' pLERGYMEN in any of the Victorian or neighbouring .'?V dioceses, desirous of presenting themselves for examination ? in October next for the B.D. or D.D. degree of Trinity College University, Toronto, .are reminded that their names should be sent in to the Rev. Canon Vance, the Vicarage, Kew, on or before the 15th of this month, together with the fees (for first examination, B.D., £2 10a.), and copies of letters of orders and certificate of degree, or of matriculation at a colonial University, or of having completed the course at some one of the Theo s logical Colleges recognised by the University. WE understand that a committee of gentlemen who take a deep interest in the work of the diocesan missioner are endeavouring to obtain promises of annual subscriptions to the Parochial Mission Fund, sufficient, with the amount at present received from various sources, to prevent the services of the Rev. W. G. Marsh from being lost to the diocese. If churchmen only realised the value of the impulse given to spiritual life and to Church work in the country districts by the visits and stimu lating words of the missioner, they would not be content even with doing what they could to secure the continuance of his labours, but would make a vigorous effort to raise a large enough amount to provide him with a coadjutor, that twice the number of parishes might partake of the benefit, and a double harvest be reaped by the Church. TN the Churchman for December last there is an article by -*- Bishop Perry on 'The Proposed Supplement to the Church Catechism,' which he considers to be 'in one fundamental ! point directly opposed to the teaching of some of our most ' eminent divines, to the language of our Book of Common Prayer, and to the statements of our blessed Lord Himself,' and generally ' unsuitable for the purpose for which' it is 'designed — viz., that of teaching the children of Church of England parents what they are ' bound to believe and to do' in their relation to the Church.' The concluding words are: — ' I do not hesitate to say that I regard the doctrine of this proposed catechism as full of danger to the Church of England, and I have felt that, as an aged Bishop, holding no office which gives me a voice in the councils of the Church, I ought not to shrink from expressing my opinion in the manner that I have done.' We have our selves no desire for the proposed supplement ever to become part of our Church Catechism, though on different grounds from ^ those alleged by Bishop Perry ; but quite apart from the merits ,$f his argument, we are glad to see that our old and revered frjend still retains the clearness of thought and vigour of language. which characterised him as a controversial writer in fotmBr\dajy$.tM.-*. 