Cf;e fubmnr (PUBLISHED DAIL/X ) Echuoa : Saturday, Novemueb 3, 18S8. Loyal Rodney Lodge, I.O.O.F.—At tlie ordinary mooting of this Lodgo oil Thursday night, a vacancy occurred in the office of N.G., owing to tlio brother holding that position being unable to attend to its dutios. The''.clmir' was therefore declared .vacant: Nominations were called for, when Bros. Hall and Jamieson were nominated ; the former, however, withdrew, aiMBro Geo. Jamieson having previously resigned his position as treasurer, . was! unanimously elected ' to fill the position of N.G. for 'the remainder of the term. He was then duly installed by P.G.M. Bro W. Gidley. Bro P. M'Bride was unanimously elected as Treasurer for the remainder of the term, and was also duly Installed Into his ofllce. After the close of the Lodge, the members of tho Lodge present were, at. the invitation of: the N.G., hospitably entertained at the New Post Office Hotel, where a social hour was spent. Improvements in Echuca.—It is always pleasing to note the advance of Echuca as .shown by any impvovoiuents effected by the property-holders. At the present time there ars a number of new premises being erected and other owners have been adding to those already constructed. Amongst the latter, the most noticeable is a. now diningroom just completed by Mr M'Bride, the: well-known builder, for Mr. M. Honnessy, of the Harp and Shamrock Hotel. This room is a very . large,s.nd spacious one, being 41 feet long by 18 feet broad. It is suitably furnished and complete with accessories and •requisites, including pictures and oxcellent piano. At the lower end a new kitchen; .has also boon built, which is also complete for its own purposes, having a fine range ex-; tending across its entire breadth. Mr Hon• nessy has spared no expense in making this addition to his premises both attractive and ^ iiBeful for his visitors. Tea Meeting.— By a notice in our advertising columns it may be observed that the ■ annual missionary tea in .connection with' the Bible Christian Church at North Punnoobamawm, is appointed to bo held oii Wednesday next, the 7tli iust. It is hoped that as the day will bo kept as a holiday a goodly number of the people from both ; town' and country will avail themselves of tho opportunity of attending. " NAviGATOit.'—A typographical error occurred in the published result of " Navigator," No 67 should liavo read No. "77" —Dick Swiveller. Newspaper Inteobiiy.—-At the meeting ' of the Echuca Water Trust held bn.Wcdnes*'day last, in a discussion-relative to giving the burgesses a water supply—" Com; ' Morphet said that from the remarks made ho was suro he could name the writer of the lettor in tlio Juferine Herald signed "Ghost." The wliolo of the commissioners ' denied having written tlio letter, and \- suggested that the name should bo disclosed. ' Com. Mjrphet—I am prcparod to 11111110 tho • man or forfeit my Beat." From tlio aboyo it will be ; seen that Com. Morohot is very • positive lie can nanio the writer of the " letter rocently appearing under ' tho nani i/e ''jAume -of-" Ghost." In order to vindicate • tho honor of this journal* wo niuy Btato wo are equally certain he cannot. The whole *'~o£ Lhu cuitiiiiissioners donicd having written the letter, and wo jinay add lieithor did any of their officers write it. We hold inviolato , tho nanio of-any.of..our correspondents, and 'moroovor, consider it impertinent of anyone to endeavour to obtain that which it is (ho honor and duty of tlio press to preservo secret. " r . ■ Excursion to Memiouhne.—The. State school excursion to Melbourne from Echuca, lias been fixed to take place oil Friday lGcli inat. . Tlio fares aro exceedingly low, and all ~ who have not soon the- " groat show".should avail themselves of this opportunity. , Particulars will bo ad/ortised; in tho course . of a few days. ' Tiie Ammunition Factory.-^-A public meeting is convened by the Miyor, to bo j':. held on Monday ovening next, 6th November i. in tho Town Hall, at 8' o'clock, for the purpose of considering tho above question! ' 200 Acues Land fob Sale.— Mr J. S. ■ Kelly will sell by auction on Saturday, Decombor 1st, 200 acres of prime land, parish of Wharpavilla, of which particulars may be . •. obtainod from our advertising columns. Accounts for the following aro awaiting settlement at the sub-ireasuvy :—A. Campboll, Echuca Borough Gas Company, ,J. GilJ, G. E. Hayes, G. Henley, J. Kennedy, W. W. Moore (2), H. Moorhouse. (2), P Shanahan, Official Assignee, T. Webb, T. WrMit, Whitehead, audi). Whyte. ° Tenders fob Leasing Land.—In to-day's I itfsub Mr J. S. Kelly advertises for tenders I to lease 427 acres of grazing land, neur the j rifle.butts. ' Sale of Hams.—Tlio Murray River j Stock Company will sell nt their yards to-1 day, merino and long-wool rums. ' 