AN OCEAN ADVENTURE. By "Blue Jacket." The second officer was pacing the weather side of tho poop, ever and ¿non casting his eye aloft and aronnd the horizon, taking an occasional squint into the binnacle, while I was standing at the wheel. It was the last voyage of my apprenticeship in the gojd old ship C. of P., and we were homeward bound from Calcutta, and so far had had a presper ous run We had rounded the Capo of Good Hope and had rolle»! out of the South East Trades, crossed the line, and were now knocking about in latitude three degreas north, in the region of the Doldrnms. The Doldrnma, a3 most people know, extend about four degrees either side of the Equator, and consist of currents of air, some- times light, and other time3 strong, that blow, accompanied with sqaalls of rain, from all 32 points of the compass in the 24 hours. On board of a sailing ship daring the time that a ship is in them, it is a most trying time on board to every one. The captain growls because his passage is retarded by them, the mates and sailors swear because it entails more watching and working, keeping the sails trimmed to the different puffs of wind. On this night I had done about one hour and a half of my trick when tlip second mate carno and stood alongside me. During tho voyage it was his practice, whenever he had half an hour to spare, to put me through a series of questions in sea- manship preparatory to my going np for my examination on arrival in Lon- don. The night was dark, but beautifully clear, and the stars shone brightly overhead, the watch on deck were all lying around about the quarter deck ready for a call when wanted, the oniy persons awake being the second mate, the man on the look out. and myself. A light breeze from the N.E. had kept so steady the whole of the watch that made ns fancy that wo had picked up the N.E. trades. After about half an hour's talking he told me to take the light out of the binnacle and look at the clock down the companion. I did so, and found it was ten minutes past two. Replacing tho lamp I struck four bells which was repeated by the look out, whose deep toned voice of " lights are bright, all is well," sonnded clear and musical as it was borne aft to our ears, and died away in the distant darkness. A3 is usual in most ships, look outs and wheel watches are relieved every two hours, and as I had finished my " trick " at the wheel I nix iously awaited my relief. Casting mv eye along the lee side of the poop I was conscious of a liguro approaching. I naturally con- cluded it was the man coming to relievo m2, and turning to the second mate remarkel that I had gota smart relief, to which hs ans- wered " yes," and then said, " I wish the mate would give me the same sort of oae." Wich a grin on my countenance, I looke 1 towards where I thought my relief would be, and received about the greatest start that I ever had in my life. Standing about four feet away from me, and glaring right into my face, I saw a person whom I will never for- get. He was a man with coal-black eyes, which glittered strangoly in the dimness around, and his face was of a ghastly pallor. His beard was of a tremendous length, and his clothes on listed of a long dark coat reaching to his feet, while on his bead he wore a sort of peaked cap. For a moment I was suecchlcss, but at last I snug out to the mate to look, and asked him who that man was. Ile gave ono look and one yell, and with his lavourite oath of Holy Bridget, the Lvt I saw of him was his heels sticking up as he threw himself down the companion. The figure then gave mo one look of most intense hatred, and slowly glid- ed along tho deck and disappeared through' the bulwarks of the ship. The man who had como to relievo mo carno up at that moment, and asked me who the fellow was that had gone over the side, and on my informing bim that I thought it was a ghost, commenced to laugh, and went and had a look over the stern think- ing I was joking. With tho second mate's precipitate exit the captain and passengers werc80on on deck, and enquiries were made as to the sudden excitement. The second mato was most emphatic in his statement that he had S3en a¿ stranger on board which I corroborat- ed, while the man who had relieved me at the wheel said that he distinctly saw three persons standing near the helm. The captain was of opinion that someone had fallen overboard, and a general muster of all hands took place, which resulted in our find- ing no one missing. Of course we were all laughed at, and told we were dreaming, but we still persisted that we had seen another person not belonging to the ship, and, to givo credence to our story, pointed out away on our weather quarter, a large ship looming up in the darkness and which soon after faded from view. What followed next day was most curious, a3 the captain's wife was hush- ing her infant to sleep in her state room, she suddenly turned around and was surprised to see this self same person whom I have de- scribed standing at the door regarding her most intently. She uttered one shriek which brought her husband to her side, who saw this mysterious visitor silently disappeaiiug right through the stern of the ship in broad daylight. This adventure gave riso tq a lot of talk during the remainder of tb,o voyage, and there were many of t,he superstitious on board who, raven li^e, croaked ill would come of it. Far once their prognostications came true, for on entering the English Channel, one night we ran down an American ship and sunk her, but happily saved all her crew. I have headed this episode au ocean adventure, the cause of which I have never been able to fathom, and it was not until some years after that I came across the following legend. \n the last century a Sjiaqish, chip was bound out to. the Gape of Good Hope, among her passengers was a priest- who was going out to try and convert the heathen. When ia the regions of the '" Doldrums " ths captain was sd much exasperated by the continual run of oalius and baffling' winds, that in his rage he suddenly picked np tho priest and threw him overboard. His cries for help were unheeded, the captain telling him to call on his " master the devil " to aid him, for he would not. With a super- natural effort the priest raised himself out sf the water and cursed the crew and cap- tain, and doomed them to remain within these latitudes till the day of judgment, and then disappeared from view. Like most legends of the sea this phantom ship ha3 oÇteq be,en, seen and to Çhqsq that' u^eet''h,qr*it hqdes no good. ' ï Eave" njet people wliq aflirm. they have seen her. Éjhe always, appeal's at night and the star-3 may be seen shining through her gossamer sails, and shadowy figures flit along her decks. It is reported that often times she will send a boat off and ask assis- tance to be towed out of these latitudes, and the ship who, pçoû-.rs ' he'? succour js jn. variably qqamoct. Most people who read this narativo will have an idea that all the events here noted must bavo taken place after grog time, but I can assure them that such was not the pa.se. The employ tq rçhich our ship belonged waa noted for ita temperance principles, and was regarded as the strlotest and most religious line sailing out of the port of London. 