SKATING RINKS. The Grand Crystal Palace Skating Rink, York-street, wos"a'scen<i of animation last night, on the occasion of a masquerade, skating carnival, and ball. There was a large company present.. The dresses and ornamentations generally were of a fanciful and unique description, and the whole of the arrangements were well carried out. Skating was begun as soon as the doors were opened, and was continued umnterruptedlyuutil the close. All those present seemed pro- ficient in the art. There were a large number of onlookers, who appeared thoroughly to enjoy the entertainment. A waltzing contest on the wheels was taken part in by a large number of couples, and in the end the handsome medal was won by Mr. R. Potts and Miss F. Hannay. The Bell Race, which proved most amusing, was won by Mr. A. W. Marsh. The fairy fountain was greatly admired, and the band played lively airs. Mr. Wyburd, the manager, was most courteous to the ghosts, and nothing occurred to mar the evening's enjoyment. The patrons" of the Victoria Skating Rink. Parramatta, and a number of pupils of Mr. A. E. Dickson, tendered to that gentleman a complimentary fancy dress skating carnival on Monday evening. The affair was a great success, both from a financial as well as a social point of view, over 200 being present. The hall was tastefully decorated, and the Cumberland Band supplied the music. At about 11 o'clock Skating gave way to dancing, and a couple of merry hours were spent. Messrs. D. McGill and S. Mayo were the secretaries, and left nothing undone to make the affair a success. St Andrew's (Presbyterian) Literary Institute gave a concert last evening at the Y. M. (J. A-. Hall, which was literally packed by an audience of friends, who flocked together, in response to the distributed invitation tickets, to aid the society by sympathy and, it may be hoped, by funds as well. The St. Andrew's choir sang various part songs under the conductorship of Mr. F. L. Sharp Mrs. Innes, Messrs. H. J. Pier, S. Deane, and others contributed songs and other pieces, which seemed to be highly enjoyed. Mr. W. T. Sharp performed solos on the organ, and Mons H. Poussard Uno violin-playing was a special feature of the concert. 