JbUUJLi UD A WA'i.'iSKSXOUX. The following jam is (old In the ‘Dally Telegraph' to ‘ A Seafarer’ by • liis friend, too Second Mate'’ The ohiof mate was a cheerful little Welshman—God rest bis soul—ons of the most intelligent seamen I was 6V6r associated with, with as tender a heart as ever boat under a velvet waistcoat, and eyoB bo bright that I’d somotimes think that the ridnms that tinged th,m was nothing but the scorching ol the skin by the flashing of his g.za. Wo were very tedd friends,both of a rather poetical turn of ritiiid,' no very great rarity amongst seamen, though the oonformedly strained manliness of the sailor mskrs hjm feel sheepish even to be suspeoted of a romantic humour now and agaiu The skipper hovered about till 10, then went below. I joined tho mate, and we fell to quietly pacing tho deck, talking of anything bot the woathor aDd tbu heat, and Iho calm, being sick of tho thiDga. No, eir, our conversation wont to consideration of the aort of timea wo wero to expect at Calcutta, and I was in tho midst of telliDg him that I was thinking seriously of looking nut for u mate's berth uboaid a country wallah, vrbiro tho month's wage sounded tall in tha sliBpo of rupees, when he interrupted me by ooming all on a sudden to a dead stand, whilst lie cried in a tragic voice that was scarce more than a hoarse whisper, poiullng with a little arm >e no tpoae: ' My uad, wbal is that ’ His forefinger indicated a apace o( dusk that lay like an ink-atain upon the night that waa dark &b; the Bea-line everywhere elae waa ; and n the hoatt o£ this pecuiiat murky blotch I observed what looked to me to bo two fine lines ol ‘flame oloao together, lurking out of the era, and lengthening upwards a one watohed with a kind of throbbing pallor whence they proceeded, though thiBluBt wae very elusive, and noticeable only when the night went a little to the right or left of it ‘Hath I* said I, after straining my hearing a moment, whilst the mate etood watching Btookitill, as though epellboDnd, • Do yo° hear it ?’ The noise I meant, whiah, though faint, waB audible enough amid the paueea I)f the dapping oanvaa on high. Thick of a kettio boiling in a room next to the cue you a>e seated in, and that will bo the ohuraoter of the noise I heard, As I spoke there was a flash of lightning right betwixt the two fine lines ol fire, and the wild glare threw | out the ponderous folds of a great oloud banging, like masses of smoke arrested and pressed down, above those strange and uv or growing luminous stalks. ‘A waterspout—two ••f them, it looks like,' orled the mate. 'H does it travel ? Why, by all that’s precious, if its growth signifies its course, it’s heading direot for the barque.’ Hiavehement ex olamations startlod the men who had Btowed themselves away about the decks for a nap and you saw » flitting of dusky figures to 'he rail, and oanght a noto of alsrm in the half-smothered growl of voices which oamo along Saving, always, the swing of tfcc swell, the barque lay as dead on the Boa as a lightship, not an inch of way on her; 'o that there was nothing pamlblo to be done in the way of maniouvriug. ‘ But waterapoots don't Bhine,' orled I, to the mate. ‘Yea, yes,’ he unswotod, ‘yonder does, anyhow. It is the phosphorous iu the water. I have eeeu auch things again and again, glowing aa though they had got a otroak ot lightning stowed away in their coil.’ He continued to look ; then, with an oath, he cried out passionately that the -ppearance wae headiug for ua, and, with a hound, gained the companion, down which he belted, returning after a few breatbliB moments followed by the oaptain, who ros nut of the hatoh llko a ghost, habited in hi shirt and druwera only. Believe me o not aa you will, but what I'm goin; to tell you is aa true aa that I, who wa'k b' your side now, am a living maD. Tiro lire tinctured atalka, aa I will call them, hai thickened with inoredible rapidity, am looked 500ft. high, distant as they yet were There was a onnstant play of ligh-ning ovc them, aometimoe very fio’OQ and brilliant with sharp craoka of thunder, whose rever vt,„ . uoliulw.fi undulr tious of the water, with a sound ot hear bowls hurled along a resonant wooden stag< The stagnation arouDd made the sight c that small rotating luminous tempest a wonderful IB It waa frightful. Ever moment heightened tho roar of the boilin at its base, end the iudoacribable yelling c tho circular sweeping of the wind of thi narrow tempest. Same of the mon heat wit handspikes furiously upon the scuttlo t arouse the watoh bolow. I stood watchinp scarce dra ■ ing a breath, oaptain and mat beside me, both silent, Indeed, there wa nothing In be done, We mtg-t, p-rhnpi have fired a gun, but we hadn’t Buell a thin uboard. The course of the epout was easil ro he gathered by the sharpening c tho mystical golden tires whlob illuminate* tho revolving columns, end hy tho whilin upou the light of .the bed of foam ont c which those vast liquid trunks grew, and b the increasing uproar of ths maddened am Beeching muss of spume and of the thunde blasts over it following eaoh jagged, barbe lightning stroke with oontinuous detoua iouB, comparable only to broadsido afte broadrid- delivered from a four-deckod line cf.hattle fchip. The epout oame along slowl —if a single spout ii were- with its tw flaming limbs and one donee head c vapour. There waa a bit of hope to b got out of this, for it might hrea] t*nd peri'h ere it reached ua. The captai: oried, *My God f what shall wo do? Uoi f.ist is it iravelling, think ynu, Mr Morgan ‘ ‘Eight miles in tho hour—no faster, air, ornaked the mate, in the voice of a ran sentenced to death. * It’ll be aboard us roared tome forward tuddenly in a panioa way, and ths ory was instantly followed fa' a frantic rush ail of shadows aa tho figure' of the men looked. But the boat-wain o ’he barque, whose tones I recognised, orlet out, ‘Jump for shelter, my lade jump for shelter 1 Down with yet under deck, or there'll be ne'er a iifi left to explain what hurt the chip; ou which many of the men eprant forward again, the ■ oaptain Baying no’hiog, and the mate as mate aa I, for the lightning was crackling over our headB now, and the barque was plunging upon the hotvy eea, flung in udvunae by the commotion, though there w»a not a breath of air yet, ae I livs to tell it, and the spous almost within pistol shot 1 Well, I oan only speak of inyself now, for what fallowed was like a horrible nightmare, from which you start wl‘h the blood thfok In yuur veins, without being able to recall a feature of the terror that awoke you. The mad impulse one got from the sight and sound of the spout, and ■ta horrible aooompsnimenta of whitenese at fo land blacknasa overhead, wae for ahel'er, and my first spring waa for the oompanion, with a ory to tho oaptain and mate to follow me, I w a scarce foor steps down when there happened a shook ae though an earthquake right under the keel of the barque had torn her into etaver, Jual for one instant my earoaught the inexpressible hellish olamour of tons of (weeping water, of spars snapping like pipeslBms—then wash; the companion way was filled in a breath, and down I went, swept along and into inaensibility by a flood that waa a small Niagara Falla in ita way for weight. Of course I wasn't drowned; of bourse I regained oonaolouiocaa; bnt that waa nos ao wonaenul aa that I ahonld have crawled oot of he cabin like a rosked florce, a aane roan with every aento tan-- io him, inatead of a grinning and gibbering idiot. I gained the deck. The night wee breathless. No sound came off the rcnan, though the horizon bung blaok all around as before. It took roe a while to tee, and then I observed tbat the barque waa dismasted. The abadowof her deok stretched out before me, a sheer hulk I There wfre figures moving hero and there. I halloed, and rooat o' them oamo- ait. But the? wire all >oo stupefied lo answer quea iion» ; they muttered in a dazed way. Who waa missing? What bad happened moio than that the barque had been stripped to the condition of a naked hall was not to be gathered tl'l the dawn oame. But before *he light broke we nai rallied vaffi ’iFQtly to man the pomps and keep them going. Talk of a wreck l Ne^er did the son rice upon a more pitiable ■ ght tba- the barque made; three jjggfd stump* where the lower masts had been; a whole wilderness of wreckage over the *ido; bowrprit gui.e, « vvnoio lino ot port bulwarks j kmaehed flat, deck houae, galley, long boat, I quarter boats—all vanished. The ujptilu I and the poor fellow who had been ax the wheel were misBing; their fate neoceo no guessing. But wo found the body of tho mate, cruelly bulaid and barely distinguishable rb a human form, lying under a masB of gear, Well, to end the yarn, for it’s nearly told, we passed throe days of desperate pumping, for tho vg^boI look in water as though her bottom hod been a grating, and ’twaa pump or Bink, for w« weio without a boat. But on tho morning of ho fourth day a steamer hove in sight, npii cl us, and came alongeido. Sho wu» just in time; wo were more spectres, wuh the strength of ouch things, and 1 bellovo if th next relief of the pumpB had been called there would have boon no answer.*' 