CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND HOME MISSION OF S. A. The half-yearly meeting in oonnection with the Congregational Dnion and Home Mission of Mouth Australia was held in the College Park Congregational Church on Wednesday, April 118. In the absence of the Chairman (Rev. 8. Hebditch); the Cbairman-eleot (Rev. Alfred Jones) presided. There was a small attendance. ■THE BEV. S. HEBDITCH, The Chairman, in opening, said—We are to-day deprived of the benign presence and wise words of our dear friend Mr. Hebditch, the Chairman of our meeting. I need hardly tell you who know him so well that we will misB him greatly, and 1 feel positive that I shall command your sympathies and conviotions when I Bay that the first thing we ought to do at our meeting is to forward a letter of sympathy to onr dear brother in his illness. The Secretary (Rev. J. C. McMichael) moved that a letter of sympathy be sent. In seconding, the Rev. J. W. Jones remarked that he saw Mr. Hebditch that morning, when he desired him to convey his affectionate greetings to the brethren, and his regret at being unable to attend the sittings. Mr. Hebditch seemed a little brighter than he was a few days ago, but he was still very ill. The motion was agreed to, and on the suggestion of Mr. J. J. Stdokes it was also decided to send a letter of sympathy to the North Adelaide Congregational Church. Later on in the day the sob committee ap pointed to draft the letter of sympathy presented the following letter to the Council, who adopted it:—"The Rev. 8. Hebditch.— Rev. and Dear Sir—The Counoilof the Congre gational Union now in half-yearly meeting assembled have heard with the deepest sorrow that not only is the meeting to be deprived of your presence and wise counsel, but that your illneBB iB of a grave character and likely to deprive us and the Christian community of your presence for some time. Our feeling is one of deep sympathy with you and with your family. We have offered to the Father of all mercies prayer for His presence to be with you, upholding you with His mighty hand. May He make His Btrength available in your weakness and His preoioue love in ChriBt Jesus the comfort and joy cf your heart in the midst of what would be otherwise a valley of the shadow of death. There is but one heart among ub in regard to you, and that heart is full of respect and affeotion. We know also that the same feeling pervades the commnnity wherever your name is known. May the gracious Lord restore you to your people and to your brethren in His own good time. If He orders otherwise may all consolation abound to you and yonrs." The sub-committee recom mended that considering the North Adelaide Chnrcb had not yet accepted their pastor's resignation, it was premature to forward .a letter of sympathy to the Church, a recom mendation which the Council adopted. EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE'S BETOBT. The half-yearly report of the Executive Committee stated that six meetings of the committee had been held during j,the past half-year. Referring to the absence of the Rev. 8. Hebditch, the report coatinued that Mr. Hebditch had been laid aside for some time from pastoral work through severe indisposition. Up to the last few days he hoped to take his proper .place as Chairman, _ but his medical advisers had given a decided opinion that it would be unwise for him to do so. The com mittee expressed a fervent hope that a speedy return to health might permit the reverend gentleman to resume his pastoral work. With pleasure the committee welcomed the Bev. W. B. Fletcher on his return from India. The Bev. Charles Hodge, who had accepted an invitation to the pastorate of Fort Elliot Church, was successful and happy in his charge. Broken Hill.—In August last a letter was received from Mr. JameB Port, of Silverton, urging the claims of Broken Hill npon the oommittee. After an earnest dieoussion the Bev, S. Hebditch consented to visit Broken Hill and obtain a report, and asaresult of Mr. Hebditch's visit a committee was formed to arrange for mission work. As the funds of the Union conld not be applied to carry on the work, a special fund was started with considerable success. The Bev. B K. Mackay, of Warrnambool, Vic toria, consented to spend Deoember and January in laying the foundation of mission work, and during his Btay an allotment of land was purchased and a room to seat 300 persons was ereoted for public worship. The Bev, J. B. Glasson followed in February, the Rev. John Lloyd in March, and the Bev. E. Dod drell, of Victoria, had undertaken to conduot services during April. An earnest invitation to the pastorate had been aocepted by the Bev. B. E. Mackay, who would begin his work in May. There was every probability of a large building being required very shortly, and it was desirable that every effort should be made to enable Congregationalists to occupy their proper place among the other Churches in Broken Hill, ub it was quite certain that a large and increasing popnlation would soon be settled in the district. Beport accepted. FINANCE. The Finance Committee reported The year was begnn with a debit balance of £90 9s. 4d, The total receipts had been £345 5s. lid., and the expenditore £411 10s., in creasing the debit of the Union by £66 4s. Id. This was accounted for by the fact that five quarters of grants had been paid, one being overdue at the beginning of the year. The balance-sheet showed: —Dr.—Donations, £92 3s. 3d.; proceeds of Union meetings, £2117s ; Ladies' Associa tion, £231 5b. 8d.; Loan Property Committee, £150; Bank balance, £6 13s. 5d. Cr. —Balance Bank of Adelaide, £90 9s. 4d.; ex penses annual and half-yearly meetings, £18 16s. 9d.; grants to ChurcheB, five quarters, £362; sundries, £3013s, 3d, Received. PROPERTY SUB-COMMITTEE. Committee reported:—The sums of £232 15s. lOd. bad been received from the trustees of Union College, of which amount £150 had been lent to the Finance Committee. An additional £200 would probably be reoeived before very long as the committee's Bhare of the remaining assets of the College. An ad ditional loan of £200 had been made to Port Pirie, and £70 repaid by them off their former loan. Building Society ehareB had been taken on account of that Church for repay ment of £200. Border Town Church had re paid the balance of loan (less an amount to be received from the Jubilee Funds as bonus), and the Church would be free from debt, although itB shares in the Build ing Society were not yet matured. Maitland Chnrch had not been able to keep up its promised payments, and the loan to Kadina Church, for which it held its own Building Society shares, was promised to be repaid during the present month. The present state of the funds was approximately as follows:—Loans to Churches, £2,010; other securities, £400; Savings Bank, £60; total, £2,470. Building Society shares were held for most of the loans, and on these about £750 (exclusive of profits) had been paid. -Renort received. students' sub-committee. ■Committee recommended that funds be collected from former subscribers and others to carry on College work. The Rev. W. R. Fletcher had undertaken to prepare a scheme for the education of students. The sum of £23215s. lOd. had been received from the trustees of Union College andfplsoed for the time being in the hands of the Property Sub-committee. Received. JUBILEE COUSiriLi'EEi Referring to the Jubilee movement, the oommittee in their progress report stated that in order to satisfactorily terminate the jubilee work an earnest appeal by eircular had been addressed to all the Churches asking them to receive a deputation daring March. Gene rally the replieB were snch as to disoourage the Bcheme, which had to be most reluc tantly abandoned. The plan of granting bonases to country and suburban Churches on all amounts raised for the payment of Church debts had acted as a healthy stimulus. Owing to the General Fund being exhausted the committee were unable for the present to continue the substantial help, but an earnest effort was being made to increase the fund. The Hon. J. H. Angas, M.L.C., had kindly anticipated bis promised gift by contributing a sum amounting, with previous gifts, to 10 per cent, on £20,000. It was desirable that the contributions should be inoreased so as to meet Mr. Angas's generous gift. The total receipts from the fnnd were £11,000. Report received. PARKIN TRUST. The annual report stated that the net income for the paBt year had amounted to £550 3s. 9d. as against £569 Ss,, the inoome for the previons year. The pressure of the timeB had somewhat affected the Trust, and in the absence of desirable securities a considerable amount had been placed at deposit at the Bank. Three out of the four houses at Glenelg were let, but the governors bad been obliged to accept very low rentals. One feature of the year's operations was the sale to the Government of land required for the railway from Palmereton to Fine Creek. This railway passed through a large block of country land near Palmereton belonging to the Trust, and the governors aooepted the Government valuation price, £75. Received. PARKIN MISSION. The governors reported that the Parkin Congregational Mission was now fully organized, and the. necessary legal forms for its incorporation executed. The objects of the Trnst were the payment of certain legacies to relatives of Mr. William Parkin, the annual distribution of £100 to twenty poor widows of the Congregational body, and the establishment of Congregational missionaries in the country districts at a distance of not less than 20 miles from any existing Congregational Churoh, and the pro vision of stipends for snch missionaries. To accomplish the objects Mr. Parkin had put in trust certain pioperty in Handle-street, which produced about £1,400 a year. The governors of the Mission were five in number, consisting at present of Mr. William Paikin (President), Rcvb. F. W. Cox and C. Manthorpe, and Messrs. A. Adamson and J. F. Conigrave. Received. UNION OP THE CHURCHES. The Rev. F. W. Cox read a paper entitled ' The Congregational Cbarches of the same City or Neighbourhood—How to Unite Them in Closer Bonds of Brotherhood," in which he congested numerous ways in which the members and ministers of the various I Churches might assemble for general edifica tion and Church worship. A lengthy die cnssion ensued, Mr. Cox's paper being favourably commented upon. MISSION WORK ON THE BARRIER. Mr. J. Fort, who has spent a considerable time on the silver-fields of the Barrier, drew attention to the spiritual wants of the in habitants on the Barrier, and suggested that as there werc_ other places besides Broken Bill and Silverton which would be snre to largely s inorease in popula tion a travelling missionary or missionaries should be appointed to labour at Thackaringa, Euriowie, Waukaroo, Pnrnamoota, and such like mining centres. The Bev. W. R. Fletcher pointed ont that the Union oould not ecclesiastically annex the districts at pre sent, bnt it was probable that steps would be taken later on. A long discussion ensued, and as the mission and Church work gets more advanced in that part of New South Wales the Conncil will doubtless see that the Con gregational Church is well represented there. Evening Meeting. In the evening a publics meeting was held in the Church, when the Bev. S. Hebditch's Autumnal Presidential address on " Church Life in the Colony irom a Denominational Point of View" was read in his absenoe by the Bev. W. R. Flctoher, M.A. The Bev. Alfred Jones ooonpied the obair, and there was a large attendance. A fairly full report of the addresB is appended INTRODUCTORY. When I took the chair of yonr assembles laBt year I thought it incumbent on me not to restrict your view to any Bectional or denominational interests, bat entering into the spirit of the Imperial and the colonial jubilee, as well as of oar own, to point out the place and function of religion in the development of national life. In the address " Religion in the State" some things were said whioh were regarded as " grievous words which stir up 6irife." This was not their in tention nor to any serious extent their effect. To-day i shorten the radius of the oirole, and look at things nearer home. I propose to oonBider the Church life of this colony from the denominational point of view, not to compare the denominations as to the sound ness of their polity or the Scripturalness of their theology or the quality or extent of their work, but to look at the picture they present as they lie side by side in this land; to Bee what is excellent or not excellent in their distribu tion, attitude, and action, and especially to endeavour to show our place and opportunity and dnty as one of them—in numbers, not in influence, one of " the least of the tribes of Israel," CHURCH LXFR IN AUSTRALIA. Like political, social, industrial, literary life in Australia is English life modified by Australian conditions. Strong as the reform ing and radical tendency is, the conservative tendency is stronger, and that especially in the epheie of religion. "See thou make all things after the pattern showed to thee in the Mount" is an order ever ringing in the ears of the oonstructors of the social and religious life of these colonies—the Mount being the old country. Blessed iB, perma nent be, this tendency. Let oolonial life ever root in English life, and draw thence its beet Inspirations. But let it not be slow to discover and take advantage of its owa special conditions. The happy absence of a State Church exempts us from an irritating controversy; the sparsenesB and pauoity of the population limits and, in some oases, forbids denominational propaganda; the freer thought excludes suspicion and bitter ness from dootrinal disoussion; the bright skies and exhilarating air, undarkened by the speetre of "the hungry millions" that man the joy of .England, ought to give a glad and happy air to our religious oharaoter, while the charm of the opportunity should unite all in the grand endeavour to lay the foundations of these rising kingdoms on the solid basis of the law and love of God, Whether the denominations which have come hither have thus understood their position or no it is a grana tung cnat tney are nera. John Bull iB a successful emigrant, became when he packs hie trnnk he finds a snug place in it for his Bible, adding, if he be an Epis copalian hie prayerbook, if a Presbyterian his shorter catechism, if a Methodist Weeley'e hymns, if a Congregationalist Watta's, it a Baptist Ryland's. The Papist does less well, because not with, bnt instead of, the Bible he takes only hi* rosary, crucifix, and missaL Nothing strnck our late visitors so mnoh as the universal presence of churches in town ships great and small over the whole of the distriote they traversed. Or. Dale often spoke of it to me as evidence of the survival and the strength of the Christian faith in these lands, despite all the scepticism of the times, ana he will make no small use of this faot in his defence of Christianity at home. Denomi nationaliem has undoubtedly taken firm and broad hold of Australian life, and is a great faotor in it Here the denominations are, and in them is mainly oomprised the religion of the people. They are its embodiment, organ, and index. I say mainly, not entirely. The religion of a nation never yet wae coinci dent with the Church or Churches of that nation, an; more than the whole flora or fanna of a country is confined within its gardens and farms. DENOMINATIONAL STRENGTH. A very unattractive title some will say. It couples a good thing with a bad. It desires that to be strong which were better weak, and that to live which were better dead. Denominations, are they not the reproaoh of our times, the grief and sore of all trne Churchmen? Not longer ago than the Bishop's valedictory Sir -John Downer said, amid cheers more ardent than refleotive, that " he hoped the day was not distant when the very word denominations wonld be a thing of the past." The worth; Knight and those who cheered him could hardly have weighed the worde be used. The day is distant, very distant; the Greek Kalends will be here first. Alexander, Cmear, Charlemagne, Napoleon dreamed of the universal empire of their several swords, and the dream troubled the world. Bildebrand, more ambitious, put the crown on the orozier, and dreamed bolder dreams of a universal and supreme Church. Can that be repeated? Can any olerical brain ever dream it again? Is the day near when all Protestants will confess their error and sin in breaking with the Pope, and peni tently pray to be received back again? Is the day near when the Free Churches of England will make similar suit to the Arch bishop of Canterbury? Ah, but we don't mean that, eay oar comprehensionists. Re tain your oonviotlons and preferences, bat consent to be comprised in one Cburoh. This one Church must have some doctrinal basis, some approach to uniformity of worship, some degree of central government, and some stan dard of ministerial qualification. _ Is the man born, or going to be born, that will have the skill to construot euoh a soheme ? The day, Sir John, is not near; God must first unmake man aDd annul his responsibility. So long as man is man—an individual, moral being, responsible to God only for his faith and his conduct—so long the religious life of the world will exhibit variety, and the religious people of the world, following deep laws of affinity and pympathy. will crystallize and group themselves Bround their own centres, each group in its own way seeking to please and serve the Lord and to complete His kingdom, But this is no apology for de nominationalism as it is. In it there is much to deplore and condemn. By pleading for denominational strength I plead for a healthv. honourable, satisfactory condi tion, for the casting aside of all that is not in harmony with Scripture, reason, the spirit of the age, and the interests of the kingdom of God. Within these limits the stronger they are the better. ELEMENTS AND CONDITIONS OF STRENGTH. _ What, then, are the elements and condi tions of denominational strength? The answers to this question whioh a dozen dif ferent persons would give would disclose great diversity and confusion of idea as to the standard of strength. The standard of one wonld he numbers, of another wealth, of another culture, of another political and social influence, of another legitimacy. Hone of these arc true standards. As the ChurcheB are professedly the several divisions and sub divisions of " the sacramental host of God's elect," that is to be acconnted the strongest before whom the King's enemirB most qnickly fall and by whom His kingdom is best served. The first condition of denominational strength iB a right to he—a sufficient raison d'itre. Each Christian denomination professes two things—firBt, that it holds all the essential truths of the common faith; and secondly, that it is charged with the special care and advocacy of some particular doctrine or principle of polity denied, overlooked, or under-estimated by all the reBt. Now, the right of any denomination to exist is to be sought among these specialities and not among the articles of the common creed. For example, the Baptist body does not exist as a denomination because of its belief in the incarnation, the atonement, salvation by grace through faith, but beoause it be lieves that baptism should only iollow personal faith, and should be by immersion, and the question is, is tbatasufficient reason? In their own judgment it undoubtedly is; but a more Impartial judgment is necessary. The Churches live and act before each other and all of them before the world. Public opinion iB a tribunal to whioh even the Cnurches are amenable. Pervaded as that opinion is by a sense of the reasonable, the right, and the fair, the Churches must expect their ways to be more and more canvassed and influenced by it. It is not enough that a denomination be convinced of its own right to exist. It will not meet much recognition nor be strong for any great work unless sister denominations and the common senBe of the ontside world is convinced also. If in their judgment the specialty be of a trivial nature, a question of no great importance, the rear ing of a denomination thereon will not be deemed the work of a wise master builder. To construct and maintain the whole appa ratus of a separate denomination to bear witness to a point having no important bear ing on Christian life and the Kingdom of God iB to overlook the proportion of thingB and may suggest the sarcasm, " much ado abont nothing," or " Ocean Into tempest tost To waft a feather or to drown a fly." DOCTRINAL DIFFERENCES. To justify itBelf a denomination must show not only that its specialty is important in itBelf, bat that it requires the apparatnB and witness of a Church body to keep it duly before the world. This is often a vain oon oeit, and a distrust of truth and the God of trnth. We are apt to think that the ark will fall nnlesa steadied by our hand. There is warning in the word"Perez- Uzzah." Large dootrinal differences may co-exist, and do co • exist, and more and more will co-exist in the same denomination and in the same Church. The Ubnrch lengthening her cords of thought, and at the same time strengthening her stakes of charity will find room in this enlarged plaoe of her habitation for many a conviotion onee called heresy and forbidden the enclosure. Why may we not hope of theological ani mosities that" the wolf shall dwell with the lamb and the leopard shali lie down with the kid, and the call and the yoang Hon and the f atling together, and a Uttle child shall lead them. All the ferooities of wolf and lion and bear yield to the spirit of the little child. An assembly diverse in theology but one in spirit, praising and serving as alike con strained by the love of Christ, would be a pioture presenting not an unworthy realiza tion of Isaiah's vision. CHURCH POLITY AND RITUAL But, in fact, the denominational differences are not largely dootrinal. " Justificaion by faith" was indeed the lever by which Luther overturned the Papacy, and. is still, as he said, the articulus stands vel cadentis eexlesice. Its denial fixeB a yawning chasm between the Papal and Protestant Churches which can never be filled up. No, it is from questions of polity, ordere, ritual, Church relationship and management, that denominationalism springs. These involve notion, and action regulated by different principles leads to oollision and deadlock. Some ChurcheB are autocratic, some oligarchic, some democratic. Lay power as traoed throughout the denominations is a very variable quantity, and its place and function and relation to the power of the ministers iB in some quarters a matter of chronio debate. This question, I believe, is the main difficulty in the fusion or confedera tion of the various Methodist bodies of the colony, an end devoutly to be wished, and surely not beyond hope. Touching both dootrine and polity is the very troublesome question of "orders" and the BacramentB. still, still, after centuries of refutation and disproof a vast proportion of the so-called Christian ministry stand, high and haughty, in a position of exclusive privilege, alleging and maintaining that they are the sole possessors of the qualification and the right to preach the Word and to administer the sacraments; that this sole right has come down to them from the apostles, and will flow on to the end of the world only in the same channel; all others, however able, boly, and useful to be regarded as intruders, usurpers, acting without warrant and without promise of blessing, whom it is a duty to disoourage and oppose, and whom it may be a virtue to denounce. The fruits of a Moody's work, the life of a Moffat, the ministry of a Beecher, the measureless influence of a Spnrgeon, all count for little. These men were not in orders. Colenso was in orders. Livingstone was not. Haweis, Canon Freemantle, Llewellyn Davies, doing their best_ to destroy our faith in the supernatural in Christianity, are yet valid teachers, for they had episoopal ordination. Dr. Clifford, Dr. McLaren, Dr. Dale, Mark Guy Pearse, Hugh Price Hughes are not to be put on the same level with them. So long as pretensions like theBe, so extravagant, so irrational, so utterly base less and withal so mischievous, are main tained, comprehension is impossible, even co-operation is difficult. The differences of polity to whioh I have referred are a more legitimate ground of denominational classifi cation, for it iB obviously inconvenient and impracticable for Churches to be organized And led on in witnessing working and mili tact bodies except on principles held to be valid by the great majority of the members. SUNDAY IN ADELAIDE. Very interesting and very instructive is the scene presented in the City of Adelaide every Sunday morning. No Cathedral rears itB spire in Victoria- square, bat from a central civio tower issues a tuneful and changeful peal addressed to the citizens at large—" The hour of worship is come; go ye seekers of God your several ways, gather in your chosen sanctuaries, worship, congregate, combine, work where ye feel most at home and after the manner ye deem aoceptable." So say the bells, and so do the people. The mass of citizens, freely mixing daring the week in their several secular interests, at the eonnd of the Sunday bells fall into line on their several religious impulses. Tbe shops are closed, the Churches are open, and towards these living files mcve, greeting and exchanging holy ealaams as they pass each his own way, glad that they have heard the call " Let us go into the house of the Lord " The Churches are filled—occupied—each with a congregation on all main points oi doctrine and government agreed, and re joicing to worship and work together after the manner of their fathers in the old oountry without friction, without contro versy, holding up and handing on, each the everlasting gospel, and the specific principles by which each iB distinguished. LOCAL SEASONS FOR CHURCHES. I have been endeavonring to show that a denomination to be strong must have suffi cient reason for its existence. I add that it must aleo have a sufficient local raison d'itre. Must every Bank in King William-street and every retail firm in Bundle-street reappear in the little town ships of the colony ? Must they also have their North-terraee of doctors, and their Pirie- street of brokers? The world is too Bhrewd for such folly. 1 would the children of light were equally wise. It iB not unusual to see in the townebipa of Soutb Australians many ChurcheB as there are hundreds of in habitants— three, four, five ecclesias tical structures of various styles and names — any one, certainly any two of which would accommodate all the worshipping portion of the population. Subdivision is starvation. There ie not enough of anything—of singers, of teachers, of officers, of givers. The Great Presence is 1 know promised to "two or three," and some of these little places have thereby been made little heavens below. But that is only when the two or three are gathered together in His Name, and that condition, I venture to say, is not fulfilled when, sb is sometimes too obvious, the reason of the third or fourth denominational arrival is not that the goBpel was not fnlly and adequately preached there, but that its own spe ciality was not exhibited there. Iu populous towns let Church rise by Church and every Christian conviction embody itself, and let each anticipate growth where growth is probable. But if denomination A is already doing Christ's work and diffusing His spirit in a district not likely to require more, 1 say to denominations B, C, D hasten not thither. Yon have no call, no sufficient reason, and to go in the face of the good sense of the world and in violation of the rule of not intruding on other men's labours, so carefully observed by Panl, is to forfeit the right of recognition and to exhibit your own weakneBBin the very act of weakening others more worthy than yourselves, a church's witness. Another condition of strength in a denomi nation is that it shall appreciate its own witness. Having a raison d'itre it shall believe it to be good, hold it firmly and with all regard to the proportions, and the chari ties advocate it strenuously. If one body believes itBelf charged with the cnstody of a Calvanistic theology or a PreBbyterian rdgime; or with Arminian theology and a Methodist rdgime; or with the priestly character of the ministry and an Episcopal rdgime ; or with a witness against all offioial ministry and for the Adelphian rdgime; or with the autonomy of each Chnroh and the Congregational rdgime, let them not be aBbamed, but pnt all possible olearness into their ideas and all force into their convic tions. Whatever you be, be. In the camp of Israel every tribe had its flag and every man atood by his standard. In onr own denomination it is not unnecessary to in sist on this condition. We are weak through inappreciation of the importance of our own witness. The substance of that witness is so sublime that it onght to arouse the utmost enthusiasm. The two congregational bodies have i in their espeoial charge to emphasize the spirituality of the kingdom of God, the sole supremacy of Christ, therealitv, nearness, inviolable sacredneBs of each soul's personal relationswith God, his absolute independence of all spiritual authority save that of ChriBt. It iB a sublime position, an inspiring mis sion, bnt do our people think so? Have thete heavenly principles been converted from a traditional and hereditary possession to the treaBnres of the conscience ? Has their history been stndied, their soriDtnral ness proved, their immense power in Church and national life estimated ? Reasons not very pertinent, not very powerful, not always creditable suffice to sever some persons altogether from the Church of their fathers. The new connec tion is determined by motives it would be difficult to analyse. A young member of the British Parliament, whose ability and pro mise Mr. Gladstone recognised by making him Under-Home Secretary in hiB own Ministry, was the son of a deacon of a Con gregational Church and the grandson of one of those noble men who had been imprisoned for Nonconformity. In his maiden speech he boldly avowed his attachment to the same principles, and Mb pride in being of so honourable an an cestry. In that house perhaps a few thought he had been wiser if silent on each a shady original. They would like their coming statesman to be such as can boast of family. Maxenas atavie edite regibvu Bnt the great senate cheered the manly con fession, and the whole conntry knew that the Under-Secretary was no trimmer. His chief was a High Churchman, He was, and would continue to be a Nonconformist. Great and universal was the grief caused by biB premature death. A not unimportant element in denominational strength is air APPROPRIATE NAME. In nomenclature the step from the sublime to the ridicnlon8 ie very soon taken. Some denominational names err and offend by the assumption thev involve. "The Catholic Church" notably, for everybody knowB or might know that it is not the Catholic Church. "The Catholic Apostolic Church" aBanmes that other Churches are not Apostolio. "The Church of England" in England and her offshoots in the colonies are mostreluotant to part with the time-honoured and dear name. But part with it they must. The common sense of the world will not allow one of many true Churches in England to claim to be known all over the globe as the Church of England. For the same reason territorial titles will have to be discontinued. While the Church is linked to tbe State in England we mast endure the terms "Provinces of Canterbury" and "York," with "Archbishops" of tbe same, and all the grotesque sign manuals which the Bishops are obliged to use. W. M. " Kbor," J. B. "Durham," C. J. • "Gloster and Bristol," "Sarum," "Bath and Wells," "Sodor and Man," &c.;, &o.; But why perpetuate the assumption here? Is Bishop Barry the Primate of Australia, or even Bishop of Sydney? Is Dr. Goe Bishop of Melbourne, or Dr. Eennion of Adelaide? Emphatically no! They are able, excellent, faithful tTruTKOTToi of the adherents of their own Church in these regions, but that means only of a portion of the population, many of whom do not desire nor will accept their Church system. On like ground I object to nnderstand by the word " Churchman" a member oi the Anglican or Roman Church. UNFAIR AND GROTESQUE NAMES. Neither should there be any reflection cast by the chosen name. Am I not a " Bible Christian?" Am I not a "Disciple of Christ ?" Am I not a " Christian Disciple ?" Am I not a " Brother ?" though not born first or secondly in Plymouth ? Am I not a Baptist, who have baptized many hundreds, and was myself baptized amid the fervent prayers of a mother, who had been immersed, and a father who had not—prayers which specially asked the honour of the holy ministry for their Bon ? " Can you direct me, Sir, to the Christian Church ?"said a stranger to me ooe Sunday morning. I was half tempted to point upward to the general Assembly and Church of the firstborn en rolled in heaven (only there). Behind me was the Dean's Church, to the right the Cathedral, north Mt. Bices, north-east Archer-Btreet, straight before me my own. I Baid, " I think the assembly you mean meets in Kermode-atreet, the second turn to the left." This unfair and often grossly uncharitable use of denominational namee, however high eounding and grand, is really a weakness, for all unreality is weakness. The denomi national name should indicate the point of difference — Papal, Protestant, Episcopal, Presbyterian, Methodist, prefixing or adding a hint of the subdivision, historical, per sonal, constitutional, as the case may be. Fain would we ever so uee the word con gregational of the great binary body ao governed, and I hope it is never forgotten that between the BaptiBtB and ourselvee there is absolutely no difference except that of baptism—they thinking it of sufficient importance to give them a name, we pre ferring the far more comprehensive and vital note of the autonomy of theChnrch. THE COMING OF OHBIST. Brethren, I believe in the coining of the Lord, the speedy coming of the Lord, I am not a Preemillennialist, I do not know that I am a Millennialist at all. Bat I do believe in the great promise by which the Lord Jesus balanced the announcement of his de parture—I will Bee you again," " I will not leave you bereaved, I will come to you." We have notduly considered the significauceof the form in which the promise of power was given. We pray for increase on planting and water ing, for blessing on the ministry of the Word, for an outpouring of the Boly Ghost. But the promise is that the Ring will make the kingdom—" Thine the kingdom, thine the power." "Iam with you always." "When He is come He will conviot the world of sin, of righteousness, and of judgment." All epochs of progress in the Church have been produced by a coming of the Lord. The temple is filled with far-streaming glory when He enters it. Is there any present sign that the Lord whom we seek is coming to His temple ? I think there is, and will in a few sentences try to show what I mean. * SOLEMN SIGNS OF THE TIMES. The timeB are profoundly interesting. I do not say alarming, but full of solemn signs, whioh one muBt be blind indeed not to discern. The nineteenth centnry, approach ing its tenth decade, is unquestionably the greatest since the Advent, heoause of the breadth and depth, the variety and silence of its revolutions, the momentum of which increases with the years. From some source there baB come into man's spirit a wonderful awakening—like a reBurreotion. Ha has opened hiB eyes on his world and on himself, and, bb waking from a dream, askB what it all meanB ? Why are there rich and poor, well to do and ill to do ? He carries his new found right of interrogation every where, and would ask, and does ask, of the augnst person whom the Jews onoe chal lenged, "By what authority doest thou these things?" It asks kings by what warrant they rule, and God by what righthecommands. Working revolntion everywhere, this spirit shows its boldness and power and probable issues chiefly in the epiritnal sphere. As to forms of belief, they are changing every where. This spirit has loosened the rusty screws of an iron Calvinism, whereat Mr. Spnrgeon—brave and faithful man that he is, though mistaken—takes alarm, and cries, "Icbabod!" The conflict of the nineteenth century mind with first century truth now going on ia the snblimest perhapB that earth has ever offered to the gaze of a wondering Heaven. If Christianity oan be overthrown it will be now. Traditionalism won't save it. The whole pomp and power of the Papacy and its imitations will be swept aside with the contempt dne to a hnge and weak imposture. No new order of apologists is likely to arise with mighty pen and tongue working everywhere conviction for donbt, nor may we hope for any new race of preachers or any break-up and re modelling of the methods of the kingdom. Prophecy hints that good and evil will head up into two personalities for the final encounter. Some expect a personal Antichrist, " the man of sin," to fulfil all that is written of him in the 2 Thessalonians, including his own doom. Is his time near? If so, equally near must be the brightness of His coming who will extinguish him with a breath. Bat is it safe to rely on this ? Can you imagine suoh a person, or that his advent is at hand? Or ench a visible counter display as that wonld necessitate ? Still less oonceiv able is the appearance of any snch John or Blijah as the oase requires. What then? The crisis must end. The movement is so immensely serious for all tinman interests that it must pause and some thing like a new order of things must arise. This pelting storm of scepticism is not to be eternal; the animalism heard in the growl of the blasphemous scepticism of Inglesant, the truly touohing laments of scholarly pes simism, the painfnl distraction of millions of believers, all tell that the long century of anxious enquiry will end in affirmation. Has it ever occurred to you to ask why Christianity has let itBelf be so discredited? Ought these doubts to be possible ? Is it not conceivable that it should have existed all along in such sublime heavenliness that the sceptio should have no point of attack, that her enemies shonld have no evil thing to say against her? Why did she not long ago drive polygamy, slavery, oppression from the earth? WhyhaB she let the "bitter cry of outcast London" be ever heard? Why has she not settled the land question, the unem ployed question, the Irish question? It is in her power. The power to restore a social paradise to earth iB in Christ's hands. And the responsibility is enormous for those persons and system" which have given an inadequate idea of Christianity to the world. A real living Church in the place of the shams and caricatures which have borne and disgraced the name would have dispensed with the necessitg of armies of apologists. For let it not be forgotten that the serions, perhaps the most prolific cause of the century's scepticism, is the cen tury's " Christians." My own persuasion is strong that the great recovery will come in this form. No renewed devotion on the part of preachers, no deeper study of the " depths of God" by our scholars, no revived asceti cism, no energy of individual effort will avail. The Lord must come Himself. Not yet I think in the great Parousia, but iu pur suance of His own rule that an invisible is more expedient than a visible direction of His Church. He has ever watched the varying needs of His Kingdom, and hasrefulfilled the long, living, current promise, "I will come to you. 'Tie He, only He, we want. Only He can give the true idea, the true experience, the transforming possession of that eternal life which we have in Him. I need not enlarge. Let the Church be Christian according to its own ideals, and the end is gained. And this calls for quite a marked further advent of the Comforter, that is of Christ in he Paraclete. "Come, Lord Jesus" is the constant cry of the Church. Should not this century's ciOBe be marked by the deepening, widening, intensity and unanimity with which that cry ascends. This is power. Construct and work for denominations aBScripturally as you can, but remember each Church is worthless for itB end if it be not a temple of God. It is a receptacle constructed for a definite end—to be a habitation of God through the Bpirit. Our polity emphasizes thiB great truth. Let us be foremost in hoping, working, praying, purposing for that enlarged conception of the Church which we believe God. seeing our Bore need, is about to send us in another mission of the Comforter. A discussion ensued at the close, and it was deoided to convey a hearty vote ot thanks to Mr. Hebditch for his exceedingly valuable paper, as well as an expression from the meeting of sympathy with him in his afflic tion. The Kev, W, R. Fletcher remarked that their meeting that night was one of peculiar solemnity, and the address wonld serve sb an interesting memento of Mr. Heb ditch's Chairmanship. A motion was carried to the effect that the address be printed and bound with Mr. Hebditch's previous address, "Religion in the State," in order that it might be circulated and form a valuable library volume, the cost of printing to be borne by the Union. 