United Contennial Mission. A series of united Centennial Miwion ■rrvices «v commenced in the Mechanic*' Hall last Monday ovening, when Mr. Geo Clarke delivered a powerful address to a' largo gathering of all classes of the com muuity. The opening exercises were con ducted by Kev.CanonLangley.ofSt. Matthews Church, Prshrau. Mr. Clarke, in the conne of a few introductory remarks, referred to the solemn responsibility that rested upon each one in relation to the woik they were now entering upon. The addrewea that would be given would be messages from God to each one, and ihey would prove either the saviciur of life unto life or death unto death. Let them for the next tea days give theimeWes up to the consideration of eternal thing* and see whether these things were so or not. He intended to tell them that i ereoing why be was not ashamed of the Uoaptl of Christ. In the tint place the Gospel had not only delivered him from condemnation on account of rein, bat had given him power to overcome the evil pro of bis nature; Previous to hit oonvertinn he had considered the various beliefs of different aects, bnt none of them were able to give him the p.iwer that the Gospel possessed. Farther, the Gospel of Christ removed the fear of death. Men, in their sins were afraid when death drew near to them, but when Christ, bad been received into the heart all fear of death whs removed. Then, again, the dread of a judgment day was taken away from those who had accepted the religion of Christ. There wan also victory over the devil, Christ came between us and him, and we became more than conquerors through him that lored us. The address was listened tn throughout with profound atlontiun, aod created a deep im- pression. The meetings were continued in the same place on Tuesday afternoon, when a bible reading was conducted by the Rev. Canon Langley. The rev. gentleman said he wus exceedingly anxious that they should clearly understand the condi tions under which blessings were given to tbe Church of Uod, and first of all the abso lute essential was power, and he would remind them of tbe Saviour's promise to his disciples, "And I will pray the Father, and He shall give yon another Comforter that he may abide with yon for ever." These words had their fulliluieut in the events recorded in the 4th chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, from tbe 31*t vene to the md. Tbis gift to tbs early Christians had not been withdrawn brie; it had been lost sight of, and the result was that spiritual things were place.l in the background. But the Holy Ghost was still with ns. Let them see to it that they sought and obtained His presence and power in all His fulness, and great grace would be upon them all. In the eveniug tbe rev. gentleman delivered an eloquent discourse to a good congregation from the words, "Now then w« are ambassadors for Christ, ai though Uod did beseech you by ns we pray yon in Christ's sti-ad be ye reconciled to Uod." 2 Cor in lb. 5, 20. He said that it would be well for all lt> remember that unto them was the word of His salvation sent; that the reason why this message was given to them was God'a love. The text taught them mau's need cf reconciliation, and God's piovisiou for that need. Man hid sinned. There was no difference, for all bad tiuued and come short of the glory of God. But God bad, through tha offering up of His Well-beluveJSon, provided afree, a complete and present salvation. All that was neces sary on ou- part was that we should be will ing to receive it, and there were many reasons why we should do so. First, because of the wealtu oi God's love, nnd farther becanse of the privilege and bleisedoeia of the Christian life. At tbe termination of tha address a number remained to tbe after me«ting for prayer and prai«e. Id connection with the advices conducted by Canon Laugley. a meeting for women only was held ou Wednesday Kfternonn. Thire mi a good attendance and tbe rev. gentleman delivered a practical address on tlii various duties that devolved upon them, and the spirit in which they should be per formed, basing his remarks upon a portion of the 3rd chapter of Ist Peter. In the evening the rev. gentleman selected as the subject of his address, "They crucified Him, and two others with Him, on either siJe one, audJeaus in the midst." He reminded them of tbe scene here presented to their minds, and of iia relation to the pro phecy of Isaiah, as recorded in the 53rd chapter of thai book, which clearly set forth the death and sacrifice of Jesus Christ. He bore our sins in bis body on the tree. He suffered the just for the unjust that he mi^b t bring ns to God. We had in the life and death of Chrißt the wondrous manifestation of divine love. He would remind them that in order to ohtain eternal life they must all pass through the exparience of the one who •aid. " Lord remember me when thou comest into tby kingdom." There must be on cnr part thorough repentance, and faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. We were taught by the incident narrated how near a man could be to being lost and yet be saved, and also how sear a man conld be to being saved and yet btloat. The subject of the bible reading on Thurs day afternoon was "Theforgivenesa of sins", aid the blessedness of the godly as taught in the 32nd Psalm. la the evening the rer. gentleman selected as the subject ot bis dis course, " The Gospel feast", referring more particularly to the words, "Come for all thitiga are now ready." He Slid that under • figure of spetch wahad set before us the proriiioa mtde by God for oar soul's salra tioo, riz., redemption through Christ Jeius. By the oflerine up of himself he had ob tained for ua a prueotand fullsalvatioo, and in order to enj >y it we muateach accept the iaritttion of the text anil come. The addresses throughout hare been of an intensely practical diameter, and ■onsiderable interest has beeu aruused, consequently there haa been an in treated attendance At each Bervice. The rer. gentleman will deliver an addrejj to men only on, "True mauhood," next Sun day afternooa at 4 o'clock, and also conduct a service in the evening at tbe termination Of tie regular service] in the various churches. 