: A- /SENSATIONAL COLLAPSE, • . JACKSON'S KEEF GOLD MINING COMPANY. (FHOII THH ''KEKALD"). , Seldom has a . mining .company.-bees floated, in iliis colony-with" greater, expectations tlian the Jaefeciii'sfieef Gold Sliiiiiig Company", No" Lia bility, and seldom. if ever has there been sncii an utter downfall of hope. Never were discoverers moie rapturously enthusiastic over tbsir find than the noble baud of explorers who unearthed the fabulous riches of the Jackson's Reef claim at \- Kunberley, Western Australia; hardly ever was there -a prospectus more rich in golden promise, than that issued by the influential-and Wealthy , syndicate that: purchased this' El Dorado and offered it to the public. Never were-shareholders more rudely awakened fern their blissful dreams of untold" wealth in coming- dividends than- the proprietor* of the Jackson's Reef have been dur ing thi* last-few days: never were tb'e* reports ofs a mining'manager in moremarked contrast with the statements of discoverers and of the syndicate's representatives than thoee recently received from the manager of this property. The company was floated Vich anomihal capital oU-120,000 in i.00,003 shares of £1 4«, each issued jaid -up-.to £1. The1 syndicate reserved f)0,000 shares to par for the-purchase of the property, and', their owii iriterost. 10,000 shares were offered to 1 the public at £1 per share, but of these about (5,000 j were taken «p by the'promoters,; each of whom paid from £000 to £750 for shares, at the same price as the public obtained them. So that at the outset the: interest of the general public in the mine was .limited toabout £4,000, but as time wore, on this was largelyincre.ised. . . :.t • The vendors received from the syndicate float-, ing the .company aboufcil.UOO in cash and. 3S.000 liaid up shaves. Of these a considerable number have been disposed of ; at prices ganging - from 5s. upwards; but .about ll'.OOU of the shares are known not.tojiav.e beeii;suld. . . ,- . ; . ;• The 'i'lO.OOO realised by the 10,000 shares sub-; acribed -for when "the company was floated was placed to credit for the purchase and erection of anaclrJiery, and aboat Ci,u00 has already. been" ex-; riindeJ. Although.the promoters have disposed of .iJarge number ot their shares, thoy still stand' td lose heavi'y, and evidently actedrin the purchase of the property.and in iloating.ihe com pany." in the best of faith,' and with' the utmost confidence in the j value of the mine. Within a few-months probably £'35,000 of other people's money—Melbourne people's mostly—has gone to -the; bourne from which few mining in vestors expeet-more than the ghost of a return, and of this auio.mt fully £0,000 has been, expended for 100 tons of ore carrying gold. The prospectus said " This company, is being formed for the purchase of a marvellously rich mining property, discovered at Kiiijierlcy, and granted to the explorers under the Gold Fields Act;of Western Australia." "Re garding the colony of Victoria as the centre of Mining tnuirprise, :• its! introduction - here was de termined n;i.'m by theUfortuuata • discoverers, who deputed their; leader to proceed hither to inter viewtmining capitalists, and delegated him full powers to .negotiate;" and: at a Conference v.*ith ; several, of the .most prominent, in vestor^ "'mine''" owners,—and ' representatives of the,best mines in. Victoria, the capabilities of the "pro]«erty were exhibited to the extent of about J.iaIfji.i..o:j .of stone, alleged to have been taken from the lode jit shallow depths and reported to be-amazingly rich," .The Conference prudently resolved "to "communicate with the Government re sident on the subject of the find, and obtained from the Waiden testimony corroborating the dis coverers'assertions as to the appea ranees presented. In the meautime the stone exhibited, amounting to about half a ton, was operated upon by trustworthy experts, one" of whom the prospectus stated ob tained 3S ozs. to the ton from the outcrop of the lode, another.0'1 ois. to the ton from de])th of 1:"> feet,'and a third 182 ozs. 10 dwts. to the ton from the greatest depth then reached. The syndicate j that had beeii formed immediately determined to jnafce purchase of the property on the terms in dicated, subject to approval sfter inspection by re- ! presentatives to be selected from members of the Conference; 'Two representatives of the syndicate wentj» Ivimberley, inspected Jackson's Keef and reported—after careful and thorough examina tion,""" it may truly be said that the amazing re suits obtained have creatcd confusion in the mind of every expert whose treatment i f it has been in vited. For ourselves we may iinc-iiy observe that nothing but its actual persona! manipulation could have enabled us to realise the possibility of the im mense value of the stone where the appearances exhibited differed so widely from the gold bear ing rocks of the fomhem colonies .... It is clearly apparent that as depth is reached that the I<jde increases in size, and there is nothing to indicate it being of less value than the half-ton Kitmple treats i by yot;r instructions prior to our visit. That having proved the main body of stone between five and .six feet, in width they 'did juit consider it prudent to j/ive by further explora tion any greater value to the mine during the time the negotiations were pending with the vendors. We estimate tl;e quantity of stone delivered at the surface at t'O tons. . . . From the accumr. iation we have taken indiscriminately about half-a ton, now presented to von with the conviction iliat it will realise .your fullest . expectations. Whatever the result may be, an estimate of the value of the property can be b;i=cd upon it, and .we beiiin-e it within fair, range of probability that its ''development will eventuate in as' great a mining success as has yet been made in. jNorthern Terri tory. " The half ton of stone was treated at Mal don, and was reported to have yielded at the rate of 44 ounces to the ton; and the final paragraph of the prospectus set forth—" Fromit may ;be com puted the HCtual value of the stone at grass,.say SO tons, yielding 44 ounces per ton, and represent-, ing, at £4 per ounce, a gross' monetary -value of £14,080 available directly the machinery is com pleted!" The purchase was completed by the syndicate, the company was duly floated and-'registered, and a Mr. !Ellis was appointed temporary milling manager. Under date 10th, October, 18S7, this gentleman, after detailing the work done in shaft; \- sinking, etc., rejKirted that "the stone taken out has been of a very good quality, and shows gold at intervals very freely, although fine, and many tests have been made, and.in each instance very good results were got. .' . There is no doubt that there is a very large body of good payable stone, in sight., which cpn easily be got out." . From the iime of reeeivfng- this report no fur . ther.carre.'pondenco was received from the .mine /until aftti-ijlr. Jiartricl:, the- mining manager, a man of considerable experience, had arrived,at the scene. Twu reports from him have just come to hand, and have at a blow shattered all the hopes of the shareholders, except so far as concerns the probable return from the 100 foftip of gold^carrying ore "at grass." , , Writing on the 9th December,' Mr. HartricU says "It is my painful duty to inform you that the mine you sent me out to manage is likely, to prove one of the most complete failures it has teen my lot to be engaged with. Indeed, so much was I disappointed with the prosjiccts after the glowing accorut given of it to me by your Board, ana several shareholders that I-was strongly inclined to return at once to Melbourne.1' Later ou in the same report he writes As. there" is not the smallesi prospect , that I can see for' your mine :being of any value, would j it not 'bo as well to give me power to placc the- manage-, meiitiu tho hands of .. or ——— . I.cannot see-that there will-be more than 100 tons of ore for the battery to operate npon when built.: . . . -Were the prospects of your mine' payable T. would iiot advise srich a proceeding, "becausei your'battery was not likely to be , erected for .months after you expected." This delay Mr.! Hartfick:ascribes to tlie machinery having been improperly sent round via Wyndham instead, of; "iw~Derliy, and he complains strongly of this; action as making it impossible .to get an early; drushing. Writing a week later Mr. Hartnck reports further:—"I find on examination that the sup posed lode on your mine is nothing inoro nor Jos3 than n blow of auriferous ore containing quartz, bluestoiie, and ironstone mixed throughout a mass of slate, in all not more than four.feet in thick ness. . . . There is now every si£n of the lode running out. No gold has yet been obtained from theshaft put down." 