The Story-Teller AN AUSTRALIAN GHOST STORY. [BY M. P.] Old Thompson is surely well known everywhere. He is such a very hospitable old gentleman, and has such a genial manner, and such a marvellous faculty for yarning, that I am not inclined to think kindly of the man who has partaken of the old gentleman's hospitality for even one evening and yet does not love him. His real name, as every one knows, is "Jabez Thompson, Esq., J.P., proprietor of Moomba Cattle Station." The old gentleman assumes that tremendous title whenever he buttons himself in a stiff frock coat, and takes his seat on the Bench of the Local Court with such a severe frown that his jolly old red face seems transformed into a very implacable and apoplectic effigy of justice. But our friend is not interesting in that character, and perhaps we had better take a turn outside the Courthouse while he tries two important cases; and we may be sure he will lenient with the man for stealing chickens, and the old lady with the high complexion for making away with some of her neighbours' clothes- pegs. Old Thompson is never very severe; it is contrary to his warm-hearted nature to do otherwise than temper justice with mercy. Old Thompson is one of the very oldest inhabitants, in fact, some people assert that he is the oldest inhabitant; but that vexed question has never been satisfactorily determined. At any rate he proves vastly entertaining when you manage to "draw" him out about the old days. The old man would seat himself beside the fireplace — careless whether a fire burnt there or not — with his head thrown back, and a particularly disreputable cutty pipe between his lips, and spin yarns by the hour. And wonderful yarns they were sometimes. He had an excellent memory, a keen sense of humour, and a manner of relating his tales that held you an interested listener from first to last, or as "Dick Turpin," as we had christened the horsey young man of the township, once remarked — "from post to finish." By profession I am a commercial traveller, and as I have often spent a pleasant evening at Moomba. Mr. Thompson and I are intimate friends. My host was one of the most hospitable of men, and the surest way to offend him would be to pass his gate after nightfall, which, by-the-way, I never did. "I never knew you had a graveyard so close to the house until to night." I said as we sat quietly smoking in his snuggery one evening after dinner. " You mean the graveyard on the sandhill?" Queried the old man, giving me a queer look from his twinkling little eyes. "Ah yes, but I have a curious yarn about that place." I filled my pipe afresh and settled down to listen. "Do you believe in ghosts?" asked old Thompson abruptly. " You don't; no I see you don't. Never met commercial traveller who did. Well, neither did I until one day, or rather night. I had an experience, and then—ha, ha, ha," and the old gentleman laughed until I was obligeed to pat him on the back to prevent him from choking. "That grave," continued the old man in a saddened tone, "is the last resting-place of a trooper who fell about twenty-five years ago while engaged with three others in defending this house, or rather the hut then standing where this house is now built, from bushrangers. It is a long and rather painful story, but I think I had better tell you, and then you will be better able to understand our fears about that ghost. I lived humbly in those days in a small slab hut, with two station hands, for we were pioneering, and the station was only half-formed. The country was wild and unsettled at that time. There were not half a dozen settlers within cooey of us as there are now, and not a township nearer than 75 miles. One evening as I was turning-in I happened to glance through the little window, when I caught the gleam of what seemed a spear or tomahawk in the bright moonlight. It did not take us long to bar the window with stout redgum sleepers, for the blacks were troublesome in those days, and they often thought less of spearing one of the invading whites than a sheep. We were such muscular, hard-working fellows that the savages rightly regarded us as inedible. We were so busy with our preparations for defence that the strangers had halted at our door before they were perceived. They were not blacks, as we had imagined, but four swarthy troopers, whose dusty uniform and knocked-up horses gave signs of rather hard riding. Their business was soon told. There were bushrangers about. About a week ago three men had broken gaol, seized all the arms, ammunition, and provisions they could carry from the general store in the township, and taken to the bush. ' And,' concluded the sergeant cheerfully,' they are, we think somewhere in your neighbourhood. Before to-morrow evening we hope to give the vagabonds a lesson. You had better finish fixin' up the hut,' said the man stroking his chin, 'while by your leave we'll stow the mokes in that lean-to at the back. Perhaps, if we have luck, they may pay us a visit.' It was well that we had barricaded the door and windows with stout redgum slabs, and cleaned the cobwebbed loopholes in the walls. Just as the glorious summer moon was beginning to pale before the uncertain light of morning a man knocked at the door of the hut, demanding admission. He described himself as a benighted swagman, but we knew better. Through the loopholes we saw him nervously fingering the trigger of his gun, while two men peered anxiously over a huge log about 25 yards distant. We let the fellow in, however, when he promptly aimed his gun at the pit of my stomach and roared 'bail up' in his fiercest bushranging tones. To his surprise we did nothing of the sort. In an instant his gun was knocked from his hand, and the stern muzzles of four rifles smiled grimly upon him. 'It's no go,' said the sergeant calmly. The man glanced despairingly at the barred windows, the four uniformed troopers, and the four threatening rifles, and concluded it wasn't. 'I cave, but I don't split on my pals, I swings first', he muttered grimly. The two worthies behind the log were evidently perplexed at their companion's disappearance. Presently one man quitted ambush and cautiously approached the hut. His footsteps were clearly audible even as he crept carefully over the hard ground. A strange change seemed to have overtaken our captive. He was battling with some emotion. His face was pale, and great beads of perspiration started from his brow. Suddenly a harsh smile of evil triumph crept across his face, and before any of us could guess his intention he had placed his mouth at one of the loopholes, and given vent to a loud yell, to warn his comrades of their danger. For a second the trooper's finger trembled on the trigger, then he coolly reversed his rifle, and brought the weapon down on the man's head with an awful thud. The poor wretch fell like an ox. The two miscreants outside speedily prepared to decamp, until arrested by a volley from the hut. This demonstration evidently surprised them, for they fell flat behind the friendly log for a second or two, and then began to return our fire in an irregular manner, which only served to show how badly they were armed. Their powder must have been very bad, for at 25 yards' distance their buckshot charges hardly made any impression on the redgum sleepers, and some pellets we afterwards picked out from the door were hardly embedded in the wood. The men gradually retreated under cover of the trees, returning our fire in a desultory fashion, until one of them lurched forward, and fell on his face, with a deep groan. The other bent beside him for a second, and then rising and throwing up his arms in the very abandonment of despair, dashed off wildly into the bush. Unmindful of the unconscious man on the floor, every one inside the hut rushed after the fugitive, who was captured, after half an hour's exciting chase! The fallen man was quite dead, and we were carrying the corpse towards the hut, while the captured outlaw followed in possession of two troopers in the rear, when a strange thing happened. As we neared the hut the door opened slowly and a man staggered into the open. The sun was just rising, and it cast one long slanting blood-red ray across the man's face, which, pale as marble, was rendered ghastly, hideous, by a thin red stream which trickled sluggishly from his dark hair and down his pallid forehead. The blood-shot eyes of the man wandered from us to the blood-red rising sun, and back again in an unmeaning stare. Then he bent his haggard eyes to the ground and saw a rifle at his feet. For a moment he steadied himself by the doorpost, then grasping the weapon with trembling hands took deliberate aim at the trooper rushing towards him. There was a momentary pause; then a man staggered forward and fell. It was the trooper who had clubbed him. We buried that poor fellow in the graveyard yonder," said the old man slowly. Then he paused, knocked the ashes from his pipe, and gazed reflectively into the fire. . . . . "But that's only half the story," said the old man presently, "the other half is more cheerful." He filled his pipe very deliberately before continuing, struck a match on the mantelpiece edge, and after pulling away for several moments in quiet enjoyment, again remarked reflectively, "Yes, the other half is more cheerful, much more cheerful— it's a ghost story, and ghost stories are always cheerful when they are told the right way." Then he stretched out his fat legs, threw back his head until his jolly red face was upturned to the ceiling, and fixing his eye on a large fly resting there, resumed in a more cheery tone. "It was about ten years ago. I remember I had a lot of men in the house from all the stations round about; they had come to assist at a kangaroo run. We killed about fifteen hundred kangs' all told, and buried 'em all in the cultivation paddock — fine crop they made — and since then a live kangaroo has never been seen inside the paddock, although befoie they used to eat half the crop. There are a lot of 'possums in the gums ' down by the river, and the men wanted amusing, so I set 'em on the 'possums. We made up a party of about a dozen, and off we went. It waa a glorious moonlight night, and the shooting was excellent. We made a splendid bag. The moon was dipping low in the west as we started for home by a different track. As we strode along the road I remarked that we should have to pass the trooper's grave, and then somehow the talk turned on ghosts. I have a weakness for ghost yarns, as you perhaps know, and I believe I told them some peculiarly blood- curdling stories; such as would make the average mortal's flesh creep. One -or two of the party did feel a bit nervous, as they confessed afterwards, and when a white rabbit scuttled across the road and disappeared like magic into a thick patch of shade, Betts, the Bank clerk of the township — he's now Manager— almost jumped out of his smart shooting suit, in his fright, and discharged his gun somewhere in the direction of the moon, although he afterwards obstinately declared that he had fired at the rabbit. 'Probably,' he added, with a feeble attempt at a smile,' you fellows were so frightened that you made a mistake. 'Betty is downright scared,' said a young fellow; a super on one of the adjoining stations, as soon as the frightened rabbit had scuttled away unhurt into the brushwood. 'Humbug', said Betts, stoutly. 'Proof?' laughed back the young man. 'Well,' said Mr. Betts, after a pause, 'the —a-hem—graveyard. Well graveyards, you know, are you know sometimes considered the abodes of of — ghosts. But I don't! believe in ghosts ; all humbug. And to show you what I think, I am willing to walk past that graveyard alone.' 'Bet you don't,' said the super promptly. 'A pound?' 'Yes?' 'It's a wager,' said Betts, and he strode forward nervously towards the fatal spot. 'Mind you,' he shouted back in a shaky voice,' I shan't put up with any personating nonsense. If any one comes fooling round in a sheet I'll dust him,' and he shook his gun bravely. 'If you can hit him,' shouted back the super, for Betts was not what you might call a 'dead shot,' although it was rumoured that he once hit a barn by discharging his gun inside. 'Betts is in an awful funk,' remarked somebody critically, as that gentleman approached the graveyard at a quick shaky walk. Suddenly Betts stopped. He was nearly a hundred yards ahead of us, but we imagined his knees shook. Hurrying forward we soon saw what had frightened him, and it made the boldest amongst us feel creepy and uncomfortable. A horrid white thing, with flaming eyes and coal-black horns, rose slowly from the grave as a vampire might, and hovered like a vulture over the low mound. Slowly the awful thing floated from side to side, now sinking, now rising slowly, and ever hovering about the same spot. It was awful. Poor Bette, frozen with chill terror, clung helplessly to a tree, his eyeballs starting, his hair on end. We felt horror stricken, rooted to the spot, but even then I caught myself asking mentally if horns were not a decided novelty in ghosts, and whether green eyes did not add greatly to the effect; so prone is the human mind to frivolity, even at the most supreme moment. Presently the apparition groaned a deep, rumbling, horrid groan, that chilled the very marrow in our bones. The effect was magical. Betts, no longer petrified, shinned up the tree with the agility of a blackfellow, while several of the party, casting appearances to the winds, dashed off wildly down the road; therest stood firm. Scarcely conscious of action, I raised my gun, and discharged both barrels at the spectre. The effect was awful. With a hideous roar that even the Prince of Darkness himself might envy, the apparition turned and crashed wildly through the scrub. My mind misgave me. Ghosts are not made of the solid stuff of the object I had hit, and I went to bed wondering what I had shot. Next morning there was a loud knock at my door at about 6, and then the mystery was revealed. I had shot my prize Hereford bull! The animal had broken the graveyard fence, and after feeding on the long grass within camped on the mound of the trooper's grave. Alarmed by our approach the animal had raised his blazed face, and the setting moon catching the animal's eyes had transformed them terribly; the rest of the animal's red body was in darkness, and therefore invisible. The station hand who roused me had found Taurus galloping madly about his paddock, half blinded by two charges of shot in his face. And so that ghost was laid. But the process was expensive, for the bull had to be destroyed. That midnight adventure cost me one hundred guineas." 