t tti i L is .-i .i ti i m r Shakespeare's llamlct. The tragedy waa first published in 1C03. It was partly founded on a work by Baxo (iiamaiicua, a Danish historian. Snakes peare b»s given us eevrrat editions, each time endeavoring to make the play more perfect. The principal characters of this drama are formed of Ibe royalty of Denmark. In the | polit'uil iQaDftfiement, the Danish crown is | the object nought. To gain it, Claudius com- j mils tuurdcr on the peison of his brother, by j pouring into bis ear a slow butdcadiy poison, i lluaeou states that the quern was no accom plice in tbe matter, aud jiciliip? lud no sua- | pioion of it. Mat elm .'oceivcd the king, bor j former buuband und Ifiuilei'd Uther, and in { her interview with liimletuhe partly con fes*e<l her guilt. ltuakin bnye; 41 In Bhakespnare tho catas tropuecf every play is oauecd nlwaya by tho folfv or fault of a uian; iho redemption, if there oa any, ia by the wiatam and virtue of awoiini), and failing th*t, there is none !" CUujiii", it is true, did commit the miudar, but lij knew, beforehand, thai by this act ho could marry the queen and thus gaiu posues biou of tho covcted crown. Th-i.leading characteristics of the tragedy is Hamlet's inadncs?. The murder of his father and tho guilt of his mother seemed to pray oeaeclesdly on his mind; though he was not proclaimed to be raad until after his in terview with the ghont. This seems to bj an apparition of hid murdered father, and is thought, by some, to be merely a supernatu ral vision of B inilot's imagination. Herelates to him the dark hietory of how he wad mur dered; that while electing in hii garden, uu* oooBoioua of evil, Claudius had ttolcn upon him and administered a poison wbiob Lad Ibo effoot of ft ecrpent'e tiling; and by hie brother's hand ho had at ones lost life, crown, and qu?en. It seems that Hamlet bad BUS peotcd this, but hai kept silent. The ghost enjoined upon him two things: £ret, that he must revenge the murder; eecond, that however he pursued his revenge, be must not plain bis sonl or taint his oonsoienoe; yet he leaves to hie own judgment how thia must ba done. ID the closet scene *ith bis mothor, the ghost would appear to bo purely icueg naiy, lor it speaks to Jiaoilei, and Jjg draws ber at tention directly ti it, yet the neiiher bo?b nor beard it. Sania Sbakc^ptrUn tr.igedianB treat this as an expression of a dislampsrcd wherein Hamlet ropro&ches; himself (or his tardineaB in revenging the murder; wbieh act he does not perform uuti just before bis Undoubtedly Hamlet saw tha inevitable harm that woul3 como to iiim it he murdered the king without eoinrj juetifir&tion; o[ the act. Toe people of Denmark would not pnil'r the murderer oi their king to go unpunished. Hudson (sbvb : " Bliakejpe.ie porlrs.ve many great criminals, men and women, too who (or awhile ride in triumph over virtua wronged, and he always brings tlicin to punishment, so far as this woild oan punish them. But he never in a single inetdtica does this till their Crimea tre laid open to the world bo that all about them reco.-jniue the justice oi their late." The oritioj liavo sp:nt much labor on the question of Hamlet's madness, as to whether be was or was not mad; yet the evidence is ?o strong both trays that a decision has never been (all; rgrced upon, Hamlet appears to be perfeotly rational when with Horatio, lie confides to bim BH his Borrows and his plans, and neks only biB assistance. Horatio is one ot N'takespeare'e noblest characters, honest, candid, and true till death. Those eoaosraed in the play truly believe Hamlet mad, with the exception of the kin?, whose guilty conscience tells him the malady ia only feigned to conceal tome eecret pur pose ; for lie known that Hamlet eutneots the orime. In bis inteiview villi Ophelia, Hamlet etcini Bine enough. Ho suspects that she has been sent to him with some crafty de sign, and that the; are watohed and listened lo; be rails at her and trainee bii speech so as to dceeivs the eavesdroppers as well This betrays wonderful jiresenoe of mind and con trol of will {orone whose mental powers are deranged. It is not until she tells him a falsehood that bis rage breaks forth. When he sees th kill bim will, re 