The Poisoned Key of Padua, Another delightful relic of the life and times of the tyrant of Padua is a simphjkey — about the size of au ordinary door key. It waa the key of the duke's library in his private room. When he wanted to get rid of any of his suite or any person in his household tbat he had bitter feelings against he used to ring bis bell and ask for Mr. John to be sent to liim — fancy name, of course — and when John entered the duke would say — ^ ' Oh, John, I wish you would go to the bookcase in my private room and bring me the 1 Dagonot Ba'lads.*' ' Certainly your grace,' Mr. John would say, aud then away he would trot with the key in his hand. When he got to the library he would put tho key in tbe lock of the bookcase and turn it. But directly he turned it, out of the key shot a- long, poisoned ueedle, which stabbed the hand of thcholder.and instantly shot back again, John would drop the key and say, — ' What the deuce wasthat?' He would look at bi3 hand and see only a small, dark Ulue spot. He would think nothing of it, but all of a sudden he would begin to feel queer in his head, Presently some cnc would come in and fiad him 'ina fit on the floor, aud the household would bo alarmed. ' Sir. John has bad a stroke or a tit,' tbo people would say, A doctor would beecntfor, but his services would be of ho avail. In twcnty.four hours Mr, John would be dead, and everybody would think that he had died in a fit. There were no bothcriugcoroners'inquestsin those days to upset the plans of clever fulbv.ve like the Duke Francis, 11 Olarisa,' writes to. ask, ' What is tho best age for matrimony?' That depends, Clarisa. Wccan hardly pre scribe without seeing the patient. For somo girls wc . should answer.: 'Never;' Jpr others : ' The age at which you get the first chance,' ' Why doyou shake your bead so despond ently, my friend /' asked a good brother at the camp-meeting. ' I'm afraid there ia mighty little hope for me,' replied the penitent, brokenly. 'I've been an organiser of brass bauds for twenty fiveyears.' 'I can't say that I'm stuck on Sue Fitz percv,' remarked Amy. 'She is liable to fly off the bandls.' 11 I'm,' replied Mildred, mildly correcting her friend's slang. 41 1 too havo observed her tendency to disassociate herself from the 'hilt with winged cclcrity,' ' I woilder that you dare to take so great a risk as going up in a balloon,' said a young lady to an rcronaut. ' There is but-little risk, Miss, in going lip,' replied tho man of highflying ; ' it is the coming down that gives us tho greatest anxiety.' A Cat that plays the piano is said to be the latest wonder. Tho creaturc's ex hibitions are in no way remarkable, however, when merely to bang away at the keys is termed, as it is now, playing ; tho cat who could riot be taught to do as well us tbat ought to be shot. 'Did the closc resemblance between a gboBt and a balloonist ever strike you ?' asked the Snake Editor. 'No,' replied tlie Horse Editor. .'How do they resemble each other V ' Wtjll, a balloonist is an reronaut,' ' Yes ; but what is a ghost J' 'It's an airy nought, too.' Patron * ' I wonder why a beard doesn't grow ou my face.' Barber: 'I don't know. Perhaps, the caus? is hereditary.' ' 1 don't think so, My father had a mag nifiiecnl b:ard.'; ' Perhaps so, but your mother hadn't. J knew her well.' ? . ?l And so yon have brought my beautiful A)p;u»iso home, have yon, like an honest man, instead of keeping Jbira yourself, as you nvght easily have done ?' said the delighted lady as she fondled the poodle* 44 Wero you nofcstrongly tempted to keep the darling creature?' ' No'mnm,' replied tho incorruptible man, as ho.pockelcd the reward, ' It weren't no temptation. I couldn't havu sold his hide or a shilling at this season of the year, mum.' . . Seedy Party (to ? barman) : 'Gimme a gin fizz.' Baumax : ' Yes, air. Do you want it exi tra fizzy ?'' Seedy Party : ' No, extra jinny.' An exchange says we have a right to take nn umbrella or a kiss without permission wherever. we can. Well, but if the umbrella isn't returned the fault is otirs j if the kisa isn't it is- the lady's. 