IRoveUst. THE RIVAL BELLES OF PARRAIATTA. /} CHARMING LOVE STORY OF IN tense and thrilling interest. CHAPTER XXII. A STA11TLING DISCOYKIlV. By LAURA JEAN LIBBEY. Tiro next afternoon, as ;:MaK Forrester sat in his arm-chair by the lace- draped window, liis fair head lierifc jdejectedly on his bunds, the door openod softly and his mother entered. ';' , '-''?. -. ?>.?.;< "Max," she said, huskily, "you aro wearing your lifo out. Will you never bo able to forget 1" '''?'. An expression of doop pain, crossed his liaudsomo faco. "No," ho answered, desperately. "Try us I will, never for a mornont am I ablo to forget; waking or Bleoping, Mono or in the midst of crowds, the face of Florabol is ever before inc. Despite ull, I cannot beliovo my darling has gono—to Mm. I nil not believe it." _ ? "You must not brood over this matter, my son," said Mrs. Forrester, laying her jewelled hand on his fair, clustering curls. "Constant brooding has dethroned many n man's reason. You aro 1113' only sou, Max. If anything should happen to you, I—l should die. You must givo up tlio hopo of searching out Arthur Hurlliurst uid holding him accountable," she faltered. " 1 will traco him and find. out what ho is to Florabel if it costs mc my life," he answered, bitterly, "He is in Sydney, mother," lie went on, huskily. "Ilinvo traced him hero ; sooner or later wo shall meet." "I pray Heaven you may not," an swered Mrs. Forrester, fervently. Tlio following dny, ns Max stepped from a cab, tho iii'Bt person whom he met ra Gerald Thorudyko, his old collego friend. " Why, Forrester," said Gerald, aghast, "how changed you are I I would not lave recognised you if you hud not spoken. Come into thisenfo'. I havo not dined .ret. and wo will havo a talk over old limos. What do you say (" "Certainly," said Max, leading tho w 7' , "What ia this you wroto mo," said Mai, turning abruptly to his friend aftor they had given their ordor, " about going to marry 0110 woman whilo your heart was soother's? Tuko my advico; don't do it." ' ?.?':? Gerald Thorndyke flushed red, then turned deadly palo. "Fate has taken all choice in the mat- In out of my hands," ho replied, with jwli embarrassment. "Tho heiress MO.IC off tlio engagomont with mo ; and the girl for whom I would havo renounced ? fortune refused 1110 point blank, with 'Mil and derision, then suddenly disap peared. I have boon trying to discover "w whereabouts over since." Gerald Thorudyko knew his friend's "net notions of honor too well to toll him !?<% how tho alTair had happened ; indeed It was a sourco of deep annoyance 10 recall the matter at all, all savo" that P'rt of it relating to Florabol. doubt you censure mc, Forrester Iwadminngonowhonl was engaged to '-finer, but if you had seen Miss Vuno ?? would not havo marvelled nt that. ' jy. ?he was as beautiful as a dream, >v beauty at onco peculiar and strik ?i- her face was as fair as a lily ; her ?""Pled cheeks like two pink roses; and lilT*'?' 6 would take a painlor or a l**< to describe them—thoy woro of a '~ pathetic ; and tho ';?? Head was crowned with a mass of „"ng. golden huir. Why, heavens! wester, what ia tho mattor ? You look '"Ne is a ghost." tt- I .fr K '* 0 1 3koEt,10 P !l3t lias just rison up nfrontmo. Do you know, Thorndyke, Hldi t r!? nbc ' d acciiratoly-my wife! I lik. C v ? V 0 t!, ? round world held ??? 1 ton,., ?1 v 8lla " so ? her picture, nnd 1 XV Udg ,? for yunclf. 1 No doubt I Pin/i, 1, ? - heard lnv Btol 'y I tho nows- II Hjen.haye a.red it pretty thoroughly." ThoiSi !U '? hQari of if >" repliod it rtTV5 t , cudin S lli? ?*? d ?nt"l Snap "Eu tL J ftx in 0I "'?03t sympathy ; „$ 1 H? all will como out right in tho >"?"? 1" decLired Max, firmly. l-isbrn,? 1 f hutook tho l'? rtra 't from tablet,'l: P r- t , imd handod lt ncross tho f , v u,l > friend, iprawte' thon Gerald Thorudyko ?"? v to r l! , f ?t with a startled cry. he cried .„??"?? l mad ' or do * drca >n ?" ??? ot'Z !tcd,y ' r ,' Xo - no - ??y een.es fail It Vr9 ln ? >?o Wso ; thlt ia the por '"Xi" Vane! Even her name, in hor own delicate chirography, is beneath it—Florabel. Do you mean to tell mo this— this— is your uife, Forrester?' ho said, his voice husky with agitation. "Yes," replied Max, woudoringly. "Then, by nil that is wonderful, I doolare solemnly this is the same youu<' girl I knew as Miss Vano—Florabel Vane, said Gerald, wliito to the lips but not moro white than Max. " This is tho girl with whose lovoly face I fell madly in lovo at first sight." Mux had sprung to his foot in intonse amazement. " I do not comprehend what you say," cried Max, hoarsely. "Mako this thing clear to mo, Thorndyke." " I will," replied Gorald. " Calm your self. Sit down and listen. I will tell you all;" and ho told him briefly and truth fully tho story of Miss Carlisle's accident, whioh had brought hor and tho beautiful young stranger together, and nil that hod transpired since. ?' ? ?~ ; i "It is but two days sinco that you saw hor in tho park, you say?" gasped Max. "It is so, replied Gerald. "And you havo been searching for her ever since, but can iiiul no tr.ica of her?'.' questioned Max, breathlessly. " '" "If tho green earth had suddenly opened and swallowed her, sho could not bo more completely lost to tho world," said Gorald. "For. weeks she Iml been the com panion of Miss Carlisle. That was proof positive, then, that she was not with Hurl hurst. He could havo cried aloud to Heavon with very joy for that. How cruelly the world had judged her, his poor, innocent darling. A flash of something very like tho truth dawned upon him. Believing that ho would keep his word—that ho meant to leave her—she had gone quietly away—to face the great cold world—alono. Then, in the faco of all this, ho remem bered her letter. Sho liad written on that toar-blotted pogo that she was " going to Arthur;" and at tho thought his "faco grow dark nnd stormy. Ho would have given his life to have believed in her inno cence ; but, ah, Heaven I how could ho ? how could he? He bowod his handsome, troubled face in his hands, his tall form shaking like an aspen leaf. It had been a sevcro breaking up of a pretty love dream to Gerald Thorndyke. It was his creed to fall in lovo with lovely young girls ; but ho never mado tho fatal mistake of admiring or giving one thought to a beautiful woman on whom another had claims which should always be held Bttcred. "I will pledge you my word to do all in n.y power to aid you in finding her, Max," he said, as they parted an hour later. " Rest assured, if sho is in Sydney we shall soon know it; and this follow Hurl hurst—wo will give him a little attention, too." Gorald Thorndyke walked slowly back to his hotel. " I'm tho most unlucky dog under tho sun," he ruminated. " Miss Carlisle and her fortuno gone ; and the girl I have lovod so madly, Max. Forrester's bride. Was thoro over such a contretemps—such a strange revolution of the wheel of fato r Ho walked into the reading-room of tho hotel, and throw himself down into an arm-chair near the window. A young man sat opposite him, glancing eagerly down the columns of a newspaper. His faco seemed to attract Gorald Thorndyke strangely at first glanco. Feel ing intuitively the deep scrutiny of the prolonged gaze bent upon him, tho young man dropped the paper nervously aud turned hastily away. " Why should he do that V" thought Thorndyke, picking up a paper and pro tending to bo absorbed in its columns.' "There is something wrong there, I feol Buro. That fellow will bear watching." Twice tlio young man rose from his seat nnd pncod up nnd down the floor of the reading-room, eagerly watching the great bronzo clock on the wall. Several strangers entered the room, and Gorald Thorudyko saw. him glanco keenly, and with repressed unensiness and agitation, very carefully at each and every one ; nnd as they looked at' him indif ferently and passed by, ho turned away in apparent relief. As the porter passed by tho door ho bockoucd to him. "Has my baggage been taken down from my room yet?" ho asked, hesi tatingly. . . i ?: : " ' ;?;.,. - " .Not yet, sir," returned' tho man. " You aro to take tho 8:45 train. It is only 8:15 now. You have plenty of time." . Tlio young man resumed his scat and his paper.; ??''??? "I shall never feol sa'fo until I havo put considerable distance between Sydney and mc," he muttered. At that instant ono of the boys stopped into the room, holding a telegram ih his hand. " Is Mr. Arthur Hurlliurst hero?" ho asked, glancing quickly among tho dif ferent groups of gentlemen. "A telegram for him." The young man sprang to his feet and' hold out his hand for it, saying, in a con strained voice: "This way, my, lad. ?'/am, Arthur Hurlliurst." CHAPTERIXXIII. " SEXD l'Olt MM. TEI.t mm iam pvtso. I CANNOT-'KEST IN Sit CKAVE UNLESS I HAVE SEES HIM." If a thunderbolt had suddenly fallen from a clear sky and exploded at Gorald Thorndyko's feet, he could not havo been moro startled. Could it bo possible that the man For rester wns looking for—who had caused him such a world of woe—was within liis grasp ? In an instant ho had mnde up his mind what cotirso to pursue. Ho would detain him until Max Forrester could bo sent for. Approaching him, Gorald opened a conversation with him with great care, taking the precaution of sending messenger in great hnsto for Max first. Gorald Thovndyko knew so well how to mako himself a "thoroughly good fellow," as his companions expressed it, that ho quito charmed Arthur. " I am sorry I did not meet you beforo," ho said, rising to leave tho reading-room. " 1 leave Sydney to-day. 1 shall have to bid you good-bye now." Thero was v quick, ringing step oiitsido ; somo ono burst into tho room with a bound; and beforo Arthur Hurlliurst could wheel about, n hand like a grip of iron foil on his ahouldor, and a hoarso voice—which ho knew but too well—fell hoarsely on his oar, crying out: " I have tracked you down at last, you villain ! Most any other man would shoot you down on the spot; but I will give you an equal chance <\vith;mo for your lifo. But I will have this acoursed affair cleared up first. Answer mo 1 Whero ia Flora ? bel ?" Arthur Hurlliurst attempted to shako himsolf free, but tho grasp on his shoulder was as firm as bands of steel. Much lo Mux Forrester's amazement, tho brown eyes of the young man met his unflinch ingly. " Upon my honor, I answer you candidly I do not know," ho replied, calmly. "Tell mo on tho spot, or I will not be accountable for what may happen after : what is Florabel to you '(" It almost killed Max Forrester to utter these words; but ho must know tho truth. "I may as well make a clean breast of it," said Arthur,, frankly, "and throw myself upon your mercy. . Excuse will not avail. 1 sco you aro in for hearing the whole truth." ? ;.;-,,. " Yes," said Max, hoarsely, " I will have the truth.",,.. fr -~,..,.. -, -... ~,.. , ,; What 1 have td sfiy.sliall never be told beforo a third parly," said Arthur, proudly. ? ? "; , "You can retire, Gerald," said Max. " I will deal with this follow alone." '' Now, then, -speak put quickly," cried Max, harshly; Answer my question at onco."" !s " * ? "- 1 '-" "????-???? " I am Florabel'a brother," replied Arthur, slowly. " This I swear to you. But beforo I explain further, you must givo mo your solemn promise that you will not reveal what I am about to tell you to any living person, for upon this strange' point hangs what scorns to you poor littlo Florabel's unaccountable actions." Max Forrestor dropped back as though ho had been shot. "Florabel's brother 1" he gasped. " Impossible! How dare you tell mo this? Sho has no brother." " I am her brother—her miserable, un happy, worthless brother," responded Arthur, sadly. " I wish to heaven I had never made myself known to tho poor girl, to have brought all this misery upon her. If 3'ou were not. blind, Forrester, you could trace in my faco tho relationship. It does not admit of doubting." Ah, yes 1 Hero were the same hazel eyes, tho sweet mouth, tho crinkled, golden, curly hair ; tho same trick of cresting the head backward. Yes, yes, ho must boliovo tho truth. This was certainly Florabel's brother. Gladly he gave the required promise. His excitement was so groat ho scarcely breathed as lie listened to Arthur Hurl hurst's or rather Arthur Dean's recital of the lifo ho had led. Hunted down for crime, how ho had met Florabol, recog nising her instnntly as bis sister, and how lie had mado the fact known to hor when sho mot him, at his earnest request in the rose arbor. "Oh, how much misery might have been spared if Florabel had but told mc I" groaned Max, burying his face:in his hands. "The poor child believed you would leave hor if you knew her to bo the daugh ter of a criminal and tho sister of a forger," replied Arthur; "and on her knees she begged mc to keep all know ledge of that from you, although sho wanted to toll you I was her brother. 'Butthis I made her tako a solemn vow not to do, for I dreaded lest, with your fine: notions of honor, you would hand mo over to tho authorities. " I bade her gooJ-byo and left hor. The next thing I know she camo on to Sydney to mc, tolling mc, with sobs and tears, of your cruel suspicions, and beg ging mo to go back with lrer and set the matter straight. I put tho poor child off from week to week, for, as I said before, I .-feared lest you would givo mo up to tho authorities if you knew all, and -it would bo sure to como out." Then, with face flushing and paling with shame, ho told the story of tho diamonds which ho had taken from Florabel, ; and not being bold enough to facp; herj had deserted hor, leaving her alone, penniless, in the large, strange city. Max Forrester's emotion was so great he could hardly withhold histerriblo wrath at this point,, on listening to tho pitiful .desertion of poor, beautiful, hapless Florabel, his wronged, innocent darling. ':' "From'tho hour ifi which lieft her to take out tho diamonds to sell I bavo not lqokecLupon her faco," concluded Arthur. ? Slowly Max drew from his breast pocket a pencil and memorandum. , " What is the namo of this firm whom you have wronged, and who aro hunting you down.?'' he asked, abruptly. "? Arthur told him, also the amount of his defalcation. "You stand clear with tho world all sa'vo this?" Mux asked. "Yes," replied Arthur. "Then, for Florabel's sako, you shall walk amongst people a free man onco more. I will send the firm a cheque to cover the amount. Leave mo. I cannot look upon your face, remembering how you left my darling so heartlessly nt tho mercy of tlio world. Go I" He would lis.ton to no thanks, no ro grets. "Go 1" ho suitl. "You havo brought about all tho trouble between Florabel and hie. Never let ma sec your face again." ?? "I swear to you I will reform. The time shall como when Florabel will have no.need to blush for mo," declared Arthur.' "Letune prove my gratitude for what yon lio'vo done for mo by-.trying to find her. If I wero to put a personal in tlio daily papers, asking her. to como to mc, she would do it." - . Max eagerly caught at the suggestion. Despite all their ofi'orta thoy could find no troco of Florabel. As Gerold Thorn dyke had said : "If tlio earth had opened nnd swal lowed hor, she could not bo moro com pletely lost to tho world." Tho golden summor waned ; the first full of snow horalded tho approach of winter. Whero was Florabol? Mux wondered, with a deep groan, ns he stood watching tlio blinding snow-flakes. Ah 1 had ho but known. Inez Clavering had honrd tho wonder ful story of poor Florabel's complete vindication with a beating heart. Hor hopes were dashed forovor now iv regard to Max's applying for and obtaining a divorce from Florabel. That. would . never, bo now; but she should take: a. fevi-jble revenge upon Max b'.'c.aus'o-sho" could'never win him. She could separate him and Florabel forovor. Inez Clavering had secured n board ing-place for Florabel with' her old nurse, Mrs. Burgoyuo, it! Geolong, n woman whose soul seemod bound up in gliUoring. gold. " You must sco to it that sho writes no letters which you do not mail; and thoso you nre to send secretly tome, tolling hor, of course, from day-to day.'.herohas been as yet no answer." Tlies- had boon Inez Covering's strict instructions, and. the woman carried them out to tho letter. Twico a week Inez—who, under the guise of friendship, was Florabol'e bitterest foe—vent to Geelong to soe Florabel, for she was very ill now. On this stormy day Inez had gono to Geelong to sco Florabel, for tlio old nurse had written her beforo midnight in all probability tho crisis would bo past. Florabel hold out her littlo white hand to hor as Inez approached the couch with the most wan, pitiful smilo that over was seen, "Is ho with you, Inez?" she mur mured,' in a fearful whisper. " Did you tellhim how ill I was? and would ho not como V" " I told him," replied Inez, smoothly ; "but ho made no reply na to whether ho would.como or not." "Ho must enme! oh, God! he mint come!" cried Flornbol, starting up, and wringing hor bands wildly. "I am going to die, Inez," alio wailed piteously. " I am suro I am. When the dark shadows close around mc, let his face be thu last I.shall see. Let mo die with my head on his breast. Oh, Inez, I cannot rest in my grave, no matter how deep they bury mo, until I havo seen him." " I will telograph him to come on at onco," assented Inez. All through the long hours that fol lowed Florabol was asking : "Has become?" Tho answer was always ". No." ;CHAPTEU;XXiyi::)! .; "my heaut'and my ai?w awe- empty. " "He will riot' como!' ho will not come !" groaned Florabol, ; turning hor white face to tho wall. ??..-?. She grow so alarmingly ill by midnight that the doctor was sent for in nil haste. "I will leavo you now," said Inez, in a whisper to Mrs. Burgoyno. "If any great change should o:cur let mo know at once." - Tho first streaks of early dawn were piercing tho dark clouds of tho night sky, when Mrs. Bugoyno hastily entered Inez's room. " You told mo to awaken you if any great change occurred," she said. "I havo come to tell you that tho beautiful stranger ha 3 a lovely littlo daughter." " I will go to her nt once," replied Inez. "You remain hero aud take a littlo rest, I will tako your place by the beside." A few moments after Inez reached Florabel's apartment tho doctor left. Florabel had fallen into a deep, dreamless sleep. Inez drew her cushioned chair close to tlio couch and silt down, watching, with frowning brow, tho eweot little fuco turned townrd hor on tho pillow. " I shall always hate you,'' sho mut tered, turning abruptly away. Suddenly, as ho sat there, tlio greatest temptation of Inez Covering's life came to her—a temptation that mado her faini and dizzy, and almost cry aloud in horror, for it led to a sin. Tho child would surely bo tho link which would draw thoso two estranged hearts together. Ah, if it had but died ! " I could not stain my hands with its lifo blood, but I could take it away," muttered Inez. " Place it whero sho could never find it. She would not knotv but what it died." Tlio thought of Florabel being happy in the future in the love of husband and child drove hor to madness. " It shall not bo," she cried. . " It mud not bo." ' Inez Clavering lost no timo in neting upon the horriblo thought that had taken possession of her. Hastily robing her self in a long dark cloak which she found in tho wardrobe, and snatching up the child, and wrapping a thick shawl about it, she hurried'out into the street. .Ah mo! what a terrible storm 1 How Iho winds shrieked and moaned around.the street corners. "To tho orphan asylum," said Inez, drawing her thick veil moro closely over her face, ns she stopped into the vehicle. The driver sprang to his box, touched his horses with the whip, and away they flew through tho gray dawn of tho early morning. . Bidding the driver wait for her on an adjacent corner, Inez mado her way on foot to tho orphanage. Early ns the 'hour was, tho busy bustling matron was up and about. Inez wns shown into tho reception-room, whero the matron soon camo to her. " I am hero on quito a delicate errand," said Inez, flushing, as sho unwound the shawl, adding, without a tremnrorablush at tho teniblo falsehood that burned her lips ; " I found this on our doorstep this morning, and not knowing what to do with it, as I am a poor woman, I havo brought it to you." " Poor littlo thing I" .exclaimed tho kiiid-hoarteil matron, taking tho littlo creature in her ai-ins. " What a horriblo night for it to bo left on a doorstep ! I wonder you did not find it frozen to death. It seems to mo tho vcugoancc of Gud ought to follow n'.womiin who so wrongs a helpless little child," sho said, feel ingly. A deadly pallor Bhot over Inez's faco, but she vouchsafed no answer. After tho usual formula was ? gono through with, buby was .received into tlio asylum, and Inez Clavering, with a sin on her soul that the angola up in heaven must liavo wept ovor, took her. departure. " Tho poor little thing must bo given a n.-uiio," said the matron, as blio handed tho baby over to an attendant.' " With a face so sweet, sho should havo a very pretty name." It must havo been tho vory irony of fato that suggested itself to her to call baby "Flora"—Flora Winters. Inez reached tlio house, and gained Florabel's chamber without having been missed. It wns (juilo half nn hour later ore Flora bol opened hor eyes. Inez bout quickly over her. " Is it a dream, Inez," she whispered, vaguely, "or. wns thero a littlo child ? Havo 1 child V" "Try to forget it, dear," murmured guilty Inez. " Tlioro was a littlo child, but, it is no more, und it was taken uwuy. Yoii must forgot it." Florabel sobbed aloud. "Taken away beforo 1 had timo to kiss its littlo faco !" alio sobbed, piteously. " Ah, Heaven, why must I loso everything I love ? I should have loved it so much." " Yon must bo content," rotnrned Inez, hoarsely. " How can I bo content with my heart nnd my arni3 both empty I" moaned poor Florabol. "Oh, Inez, it 13 hard, very' hard. I wish I had died, too, with poor baby. It was a littlo girl, wasn't it, Inez?" " Yes, but you must not talk about it; you will make yourself ill,'* declared Inez, nervously. " Here, drink this ;itis a quieting draught." Slorabel quietly obeyed. An hour later Mrs. Burgoyuo camo to relievo Inez.' " Why, whore is tho baby ?" sho cried out, in amazement, as sho turned the coverlet down. ?" Hush !'' 'whispered Inez, cautiously. "Tho child died and tho doctor took it away with him." Tho stoudy gnze of the cold, hard, brilliant eyes that mot Mrs. Burgoyuo never flinched. " The child died !" muttered Mrs. Bur goyuo, when sho found herself alone. "A likely story for you to attempt to make mc believe, Inez Clavering. You havo made away with it in some fashion. I will make it my business to find out whero it is ; then I will havo you in my power. You shall pay mc handsomely for holding my tonguo, or T will go to this girl and tell her all." Woary lifo had commenced again for poor Florabel; death would not come for the risking. Tho day camo at last when sho told Inez Bhe could consent to be a burden upon her no longer. " I will never mako another appeal to Max to tako 1110 back to his heart, now that baby is dead," alio said, her lovely eyes filling with tears. " Tlio timo has como when I must do something for myself." " What could you do ?'?' asked Inez, curiously. "Whatever I can got to do," responded Florabel, bravely. " I was speaking to Mrs. Bitrgoyne about it yesterday, and she was telling 1110 of a vacancy in ono of tho largo dry goods stores. I might try there." " If I can be of any use to you nt any time in tlio future you have but to com mand mc," said Inez. " Will you write to mc onco in a while, Inez,iand tell mc how 7ie is? I am dif ferent from him. If he woro ill, I would go to tho other end of the world to him. Ah, that is true lovo, Inez. I thought when I married Max ho loved mo liko that." " Max was always fickle in lovo affairs, as his 'mother says. Havo spirit about yon, Florabel. Show him your heart is not broken." *' But it is broken," declared Florabel, pitcously. "Any one who looks in my face can see that." Thcro woro many applicants for the vacancy in tho great dry goods houso already waiting when Florabol reached there the following morning. But from among tho many Florabel was selected for the position. Hor pretty faco and modest, retiring maniicrs,pleascd the proprietor, Mr. Wnllingfonl, immensely. Here, also, Florabel gave her namo as Miss Dean. " You may commence your duties as soon ns convenient," he said. " You are to bo in the ribbon department. Miss Van Horn, one of tho young ladies in charge, will show you all that ia re quired." In all working places, wherever there aro a number of young ladies employed, thero is always one who reigns supremo over the other girls ; and in this dry goods house, Aletlia Van Horn, a pretty, dnrk oyod brunette, was tho ruling spirit. "How'do you like tho now-comer?" chorused tho girls, gathering around their leader at lunch hour. "I hate her," muttered Aletlia Van Horn, iv a low voice. Ono of her companions laughed aloud. " That is because sho has a pretty faco, nnd you are afraid your lover tlio manager, may fall in lovo with her, Aletlia," she declared. Tho rest all tittered, for thoy knew it was tho truth. " If ho should fall in love with her pretty pink and white face, I would mako her rue the day sho ever came hero, I can tell you that much." As Aletlia glanced in the direction of tlio handsome young manager, Charlio Whitney, she turned deathly pale. 110 wns watching Florabol with bis heart in his eyes. Ah, if Florabel could havo fore seen thohorriblo end of this affair. (To ba Continued.) 