CURRENT TOPICS. THE Orient Co's 1.M.S. Liguria, with ipgllsh mails on board to August 24, crrcbhed Albany, W.A., on Saturday morning, and left for Adolaido at 8 p.m, the same day. She should ranch Adelaide on Tuesday night, and the Tasmanian portion will probably arrive in Melbourne in time to catch the s.e. Flinders, which leaves for Launceston at 9 p.m. on iThurs day next. AT the Launcestou Polipo Court on Saturday, before Mr.G.O. W; Waterhouse, P.MI., Susan Carroll, an old offender, was fined 158, in default 14 days' imprisonment, for using obscene language in Elizabeth street the previous day. Tue time of the House of Assembly was occupied for two hours on Friday evening i discussing a motion made by the leader of i the Opposition, protesting against the 1 House going into Committee of Supply on the estimates for 1889 before the whole details of the proposed reductions in the different departments in the Civil Servise were made known, and new estimates showing those reductions brought down. The motion was negatived on a division by almost two to one, and the con sideration of the estimates was proceeded with. On the first item, that of the Legislative Council, which department was reduced £85, considerable discussion arose. Colonel St. Hill, who has been a persistent supporter of reducing salaries reseorved by law, again contended for such reducticns, being supported by Messrs. Lewis, Sidebottom, and others. The contention of the members in question produced something as near a promise as possible from the Treasurer that the Government would move in the matter, but they would not be able to do so for some time to come. The Treasurer said it was contemplated by Ministers to reduce these salaries, and he would have the matter attended to as soon as possible. Tsunce are indications on almost every hand of a revival in trade in New Zealand (says the Olao Daily Times) and confi dence appears to be restored. Bankrupt cies are fewer and of less importance,while property is saleable at a considerable ad vance on prices ruling a few months ago. A decided advance in shares of public com panies is noticeable. Bank of New Zea land shares are advancing in view of the recommendation of the shareholders' com mittee that the capital should be in creased. The increased value of our pro duce in London has also had a most bene ficial effect. Holders of wheat are notable to take full advantage of the advance in that cereal, owing to the scarcity of freight. That there are good grounds for the renewed confidence was well shown by Mr. G. C. Stead at the annual meeting of the Christchurchl Chamber of Commerce, who put the case so well that we reproduce his remarks: - 'In looking over some figures for his own information he had conme to the conclusion that the exports to Great Britain for 1888 would probably exceed those of 1887 by nearly .1,000,000 sterling. So important a fact should, he thought, at once be made public, as it tended to show the depression was passing away." 'Tun following is the report of the select committee appointed to enquire into the division of municipal districts, which was laid on the table in the House of Assembly on Friday last by Mr. Falkiner, and ordered to be considered by the House to morrow evening:-"l. That all road dis tricts should comprise the whole or portion of one municipality or municipal district only, and that no boundary of a road dis trict should overlap the boundary of an electoral district. 2. That all separate road districts should be wards of the municipality or municipal district in which they are situated, for the purpose of apportioning expenditure; and where the foregoing principle has been adopted the SMunicipal Council should be the road trust for the district, and in municipal districts there should be only one road district. 3. That wherever practicable it is desirable that the boundaries of any muni cipal district should be so fixed as to ensure the possession by the district of a valuation roll amounting to not less than .20,000 per annum. 4. That every muni cipal district with a valuation roll of not less than £20,000 should be compelled to adopt municipal action. 5. That a boun daries board, to consist of three members, be appointed to report to his Excellency the Governor-in-Council upon any appli cation for alteration of the boundaries of districts, the Government Statistician and the chief draftsman of the Survey Office to be two members of such board, and that no alteration should be made in any boun dary until after the receipt of a report from the board on the propoEed change be received. 6. That the boundaries of all municipal districts should he co-terminus with those of the electoral district." Pnoan MIr. J. C. Ferguson, secretary of the Northern Anglican Church Finance Committee. we learn that Mr. F. Belstead (whose name lhas been mentioned as resign. ing the office of Secretary of Mines to accept that of Diocesan Secretary) intends to withdraw his acceptance of the position of Diocesan Secretary. It appears that 25 years ago Mr. Belstead held a Govern meet appointment, but he left it and joined the municipal authorities of West bury. He thought that by doing this he had forfeited all right to a pension, and so did every one else, but it appears that he continued to hold one or two minor appointments strictly connected with the s Government service, and consequently his service has been continuous, entitling him to the usual pension. This fact has only now been discovered by the auditor, so 3 that Mr. Belstead's position in the Govern r ment service is much better than even he himself supposed, and as it would have been a manifest injustice to himself and his family to have foregone the reward for long service to accept the new position, he has decided to remain whlereo he is. He f will be entitled to retire in about five years upon a pension of about .p00 ayear, 3and doubtless the Government and those who have business with the Mines Office will congratulate tliemselves that Mr. Belotead remains at the liead of affairs. 3 AT both services at Christ Church (Con gregational) yesterday, the pastor, the Rev. V. Law, made reference to tihe loss the church had sustained in the ilamnnted \- demise of Mr. George W\byinouth. ' At the close of the evening servio NMiss Frost effectively played the Dead 'MIroli in "Saul." A sax-nouns' walking match between 1 Smith and Digney, the two champion walkers of Tasmania, takes place to-night at the Skating Rink, and the contest will decide which of the two is to be premier. r The competition starts at 6 pn., and will h be continued until 11 p.m. Horne's Band will be in attendance during the evening. A granl struggle may be expected be Stween tie two contestants, and visitors are t requested to assist the management in maintaining due decorum. The height of the South Esk River at t Avoea, at 030 p.m. yesterday, was 13ft. a WE learn fro thp NA'qsh-lfest Pb~t that ohe naovies nempl0?ed :?'a the cttting at Formby, of the F'rmby-Ulverstone roil Sway, struck work on Thursday morning. SIt appears that the work was asub-con trted for by a man named Lesee, known as "Paddy IKi'dare," and, having rom Spleted a certain portion of the work, drew some money from the contractors, Messrs. Smith, Jones, and Finlayson, and failed to pay the men working t he tting, f onumbering about twpO3y. "h cIhdorltme twere unddr tani tinpiOssign that Leslie had Sdrawni a full inaonelnt, uand o"bneted" with tile oney, as lie had not appeared to pay them their fortnight's wages. After aconslilting with the contractors, an arrangement was made with the men, the contractors agreeing to pay them out of the money they held belonging to Leslie y should he fail to turn up, and the men t agreeing to resume work yesterday (the next day). The incident causeso ni oneill ce-m~qtioni Eohmby lnieas?he strike Ta abnormal sultrines of tie days at the close of the past week has been auc ceeded by a splendid downpour of rain. Stbs e rneing by viia asd long- eontinued Mashes oflightning. This was followed by the most copious rain showers of the I seaon, lasting almost incessantly from near midnight en Saturday to midday yesterday. From reports received it is evident the rainfall has been general, and will prove an incalculable blessing to the country. Afresh S.W.wind sprangopinthe afternoon, and qoickly dried the roads. In the evening rain commenced falling, with every prospect of prolopgel contib nnce. 0'O Ssatiday evening tihe weekly pnt~r. tahlaeestu.sder tie anuplces of the aospel Tesperance Mission was given in the Tempernee Hail. There was a good attendance, and the Rev. W. Presloy occu 1 pied the chair. As usual a pleasing pro. gramme was gone thp0ugh, an-.' "n6se tak.ng -a- 5,ng . e. Steer and Millr, \- Masters C. and V. Barnes, each of whom rendered songs tastefully R1ey. W. Pres · ley,?s1esr. Cheek and Piper, who delivered l addresses and Masters F. White, F. SWathen, and . ayer, by whom recita tions were given. Mr. E. Forward pree \- sided at the %rgan, and the meeting was elosed at 9.80 with the Benediction. A PORTION of the bedroom suite manu- factured by Messrs. Dempster and Pearce, Brisbane-street, for the Melbourne Exhi bition was on view on Saturday evening at their furnishing establishment, and attracted considerable attention. The articles on view consisted of a washstand and dressing table, and two chairs, manu factured from blackwood and Huon pine, both choice samples, and correspnding in general outline with the wardrobe already described. The tables are both semi-pedestal, having drawers, cupboards, and recesses in the bottom carcase of each table. The framing and moulding throughout are of blackwood. The panels areof raised Huon pine, with blackwood bevelled edges. The drawer fronts are com posed of Huon pine, nicely marked and surrounded with blackwood moulding. The tops of both tables are of Italian marble. The dressing-table has a large semi-cheval glass of bevelled arched silver-plate enclosed in blackwood frame, with Muon pine spandrels, and hung on patent.glass check actions; on each side of this are two jewel drawers on carved and turned supports, with a large moulded shelf on top of drawers. Framed in the back are two bevelled plates of silvered glass, and above these again is a corbelled bracket supporting another shelf ; the whole sur mounted by a cornice with broken pedi ment, with vase and Huon pine dental and frieze, corresponding exactly as regards detail with the wardrobe. The washstand has a high-framed black wood moulded back, enclosing Minton's patent enamelled tiles decorated with a splendidly hand-painted design in the renaissance style. Above, and in the centre of the back, is a bevelled arch ended shaving-glass, in universal movements, and enclosed in a massively moulded blackwood frame, with four Huon pine spandrels; on each side of the shaving-glass is a shelf with quadrant ends. The centre is sur mounted with the same cornice as the dressing-table. The above leaves by steamer to-day (Monday) for Melbourne, and will be a considerable acquisition to the show of the Tasmanian Court, and will illustrate that first-class furniture for the most luxurious homes may be had in the colony. AN Exton correspondent states the Exton Gospel Temperance Society held their monthly meeting on Thursday. The Rev. H. Saloway opened the meeting with prayer. The choir rendered efficient service, and other musical items were pleasingly given by Mesdames Cooper, Clark, and Saloway, Misses L. Badock, Purton, Woolnough, and Messrs. A. Cooper, and Pope. Interesting recitations and readings were given by Messrs. IL. Gay and G. Appleby, Master P. Blyth, and Messrs. E. French, J. Havey, and Reilly. A closing ode by the choir, "Good night," brought a pleasant and interesting meeting to a close. We have received the current number of the Australien Independent, The issue contains brief sketches of the career of the English delegates to the Melbourne Con gregational Conference next month, Rev. Dr. Hannay and Mr. H. Lee, J.P., and includes a portrait of the former. "Indian Sketches," by the Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., are pleasant reading, and the con elusion of the late Rev. S. Hebditch's address is given on " Church Life in Aus tralia," besides much interesting church and literary matter. WE are requested to state that addi tional features, including a Maypole dance and special songs, will be introduced I at the children's operetta and City Band concert to-mosrow evening at the Academy of Music. Donations of flowers will be r thankfully received at the establishmentof SMessrs. Castley Bros., Charles-street. Two old offenders, Alfred Woods and I Enoch Walkendon, were arrested on Satur day evening on the charge of having stolen a quantity of workmen's tools planes , etc.-from the Federal Hotel, and will be brought up at the Police Court to a day. Woods, who is himself a skilled 1 workman, has narrowly escaped punish Sment on similar previops charges. Tan third of the course of lectures on prophetic subjects, by an evangelist of the ° Catholic Apostolic Church, was delivered 1 in the class-room of the Mechanics' Insti tute yesterday evening. The lecturer read ° at length the several Messianic prophesies 9 of the Old Testament, upon which the 1 Jewish people had built their hopes of Messiah, and which had been and were being fulfilled in Christ and His Church. i The doctrine of the incarnation, as set forth in the first chapter of St. John's ° Gospel, was then expounded as revealing God manifest in flesh, Jesus Christ very ° man and very God. The lecturer then r proceeded to show that the revelation of ° Jesus Christ as the Son of God and of the Holy Ghost as the Spirit ofithe Father and ° of the Son, resulted in that larger Y revelation of the nature of God proper to Sthe Christian dispensation, which was not attained to under tl?o Jewish economy, Swhsereby'the same one God (Jehovah) of 0 the old dispensation is revealed as subsist I ing in three persons, co- eternal together, r and co-equal. Proceeding, then, to con Ssider the office of Jesus Christ as the one Mediator between God and man, the lee 3 ture' wont on to exlnain the two functions of mediatership --First, atonement, or the ° reconciliation of God to man; and second, ° the preaching of the Gospel, or the recon ciling of man to God; and to show that from the success of the ministry of media torship flowed the regeneration and the 3 organisation of the new creations the. king dom of heaven, first ie a hidden mystery, Sy tbh presedS? of the Holy Ghost in the hrtgavid spirits of those who are joined t to hrist'; and ultimatoly'ln'it' manifested ° form at the visibld revelation of the King doui of Christ at 1gis second 9oming. The 2 subjedt for' the lecture on Sunday evening next was annotinced' to bo-"Thie Seven L Epistles to the Churches in Asia, sgd the 1 Seven Seale, as they dpleonstrate from two points of view the tpiritual history of t'he 1 Churdh, from the beginniig to the end of 1 the Christian dispensation.". AT BRA~NELL correspondent writes:- On chursday last the Blackwood Band of Hop meeting was held, when there was a lacge attendance, Mr. G. Leak in the chair, and a good progranme was gone through, consmiti g of songs, readings, recitations, inptrusental music, the following friends kindly taking part:-Misses Boon (8), Pitt, Hadgells, Francombe, and Powell; Messrs. Frankcombe (a) and Goody (3). At the cloaso one new member came forward and donned the blue. A pitiable sight was presented at the local Police Court on Saturday morning. The father of a boy, a child in an emaciated state, sought an admission order for it to the General Hospital. The story of the father, whose name is Nicholas Creely, was as follows: —" I live at Hadspen, and am a labourer, and have seven children. My wife has been twelve months in the New Norfolk Asylum. This boy is seven years old, and in April last was adopted by a farmer at the Black Sugar Loaf, in the Westbury district. He was brought home yesterday in the condition you see him in, and I want to get him into the Hospital." The child is in a heartrending condition, and all that he can be induced to say is that he was beaten and he ran away. His legs are apparently frost- bitten, and the bruises on his body indicate that he has been beaten. The child was evidently from some cause cowed into an almost idiotic state. He was taken to the Hospital, and we learn that the sores may have been the result of exposure and bramble scratches. As it appears at present there needs some enquiry as to the treatment which has brought the child to such a condition. WE clip the following from the Argus of Friday last :—An increase of activity in financial affairs has gradually become apparent since our summary of a fortnight ago, while the banking position has slightly improved. It does not appear likely that the deposit rates will be advanced unless something unforeseen should happen. Buy ing exchange on London is easier, there being rather less demand for paper. Ship ments of specie are likely to be less during the rest of the year. Real estate business, \- especially that form of !.t -elich consists SIn thbs h.iivision of suburban lands4 io again active. Last Saturday the largest all0tments sale onp record ito Melbourne was held at Ascotvale, when about 25 acres, \- divided into 127 allotments, realised £83,517. City properties have also changes hands, one in Collins-street west fetching a price equal to about £22 10s per super ficial foot. For sgme months to come it is expected that the auction sales of land will be very numeroue. IN consequenuce of the inclement weather yesterday the concert of sacred music announced to be performed by the City Band at the Town Park did not take place. Tae Union Leger and Greyhound Sweep. stakes events of the Union Fox Terrier Coursing Club will be run on Saturday next. Entries close with tne Secretary at the Tasmanian Inn at 8 p.m. on Wednes day. 'IT is announced that the Deloraine Amateur Burlesque Society will perform Byron's Comedy " Our Boys" on Saturday next at the Town Hall Deloraine. A cnRRESProNDENT, writing from Mel bourne to a New Z alanud paper says : The servant girl difficnlty has recently come to an intolerable state. Female servants are not to be had, even at a .very high rate of wages. For this to a large extent the leviathan coffee palaces are re sponsible, the Federal Coffee Palace, is I am informed, absorbing 300 girls, the Grand Hotel 200, and others in like pro portion. The Exhibition has taken a large number of young women to look after the stalls and mind the refreshment bars. One establishment here, of course a colossal hostelry, lost in one day 90 young women, who had received better ap pointments at the Exhibition. Itdoes not appear to be se much a question of wages as of the charactor of the employment. The work at the Exhibition is, of course, not laborious, and the hours are not over long; besides which the opportunities for flirtation are unlimited. The demand for young women, therefore is extremely brisk. Ma. J. Aitken Connell, formerly of Dunedin, who has been on a visit to Mel bourne, was interviewed by a Star reporter on his return to Auckland. Mr. Connell is convinced that a terrible day of reckon ing awaits Victoria. Leaving Melbourne and beginning to look at the colony of Vic toria itself and its industries, he says: "I have no hesitation in saying that things are net better there than they are in Now Zealand. The farmers and settlers there throughout the colony are not only not better off than the settlers of New Zea land, but in my opinion are much worse off, and their future is not nearly so hope ful. I come back again to this colony more in love with it than over I was. I am more determined than ever I was to stand by it, and am more impressed with the resources of our colony, and also with its chances of permanent prosperity than ever I was before. I may also say that I am satisfied that the depression under which we have all groaned for so long is practi cally at(an end in New Zealand; I believe that in public and private life we have all been taught valuable lessons which will do us good, and we are now ready to take advantage of better times, and to use them more wisely than we have done in the past." Oxa of the most interesting social events at Dunedin last month was the "capping" ceremony in connection with the New Zealand University, when the diplomas for the degrees gained were publicly pre sented. The New Zealand Uuiversity is a purely examining body, and these annual gatherings may be said to be the only oceasions on which it is in evidence before the public. A noticeable feature was the number of " sweet girl graduates" who came forward, one taking the M.A. degree and three that of B.A. We learn from-the chairman's speech on the occasion, that not including those who Aained degrees this year, the New Zealand University has 152 graduates, of whom 93 are B. A's, 47 M.A's, 10 LL.B's, one B.M, and one LL.D. THE people of England (says the Home Neots) send good wishes and hearty con gratulations to the people of Victoria on the successful inauguration of the Mel bourne Exhibition. They appreciate the enterprise and admire the astonishing vitality which have enabled the inhabi tants of a city little more than 50 years old to gather in their midst the products of eastern and western civilisation alike. The great port and capital of Victoria is the scene of the most notable event in the life of the New World in the Pacific Prompted in no spirit of vain-glory, and mindful only of its present solidity and its future prospects, the city of Melbourne has sent to the whole earth a message of goodwill. It justly rejoices in its pros perity with that of the other great colonial cities, and it looks forward in con fidence to the time when Australia will become a powerful nation, with a Com manding voice in the affairs of the world. There is now, happily, no shadow of difference in the relations of England to her kinsmen beyond the seas. The direful consequences resulting from the policy of a former unpatriotic administration have been long since eliminated, and the feeling of reseotment to this country aroused at that time holds now no place in the minds of Australian statesmen. They have, on the contrary, in many ways and in several instances, given practical proofs of their loyalty to the Crown. The Melbourne Exhibition should provq to Englishmen that Australians are guided by identity of race, of liberties, and of aspirations, and that the honour and maintenance of the Empire of Queen Victoria are safe in their hands. PeoceRDINso will be taken to recover rates unpaid after the 30th inst. duo to the Boobyalla Read Trust. Mnssas. I, T, Bell and Co. announce the postponement of their Delolalne sale to the 15th prox. TnM annual meeting of the Longford Library and Beading-room will be held on the let prox. at 8 p.m. Tirs Lodge of Perfect Unanimity, 660 S.C., meets at 7'30 p.m. to-day. Visiting brethren are fraternally invited. FOOD FOR CosoauHiTIP?s.-Scott's Emulsion of Pura Cod Liver Oil with Hypophosphites of Lime and boda, Is a most wonderful food for the consumptive. It not only gives strength an, Increases the fl?eh., but heals the Irritation of thebs throat end lungs. It Is very palatsblo ; children 'take It like milk, and in all wasting dlseaseq both for adults and children it is a marvellous food aed medlites. Any chemist oan supply It. Iri?, is and 2s ed. Whole. sale by L. PAisTUWONE tn.e., SON, St. John. Streetl Lasnoeslon. ... - ...?.--.? 