A SENSATIONAL COLLAPSE. JAOKSON'S KK15F GOT,D MlNjvf. COMPANY. Seldom to n mining comitiny ton toted in tlds colony with grader nxpectntions II, nn the Jnckanii's Keel Gold Miniug Cempntiy Xo Liability, nnd seldom, if over, to thereto.'. such nn utter downfall of ho, v. Never were dtt. oJvorerM more rapturously m t lamias tie over their find than tho noblo baud of explore who unearthed tho fahuluun riches of tiio Jack- sun's Itcof claim at Kiniberley, Western Aus tralia ; hardly ever was thuro n prospectus more rich in golden promiso than tlmt isMind by tho influential and wealthy syndicate that purchased this El Dorado and offered Sfe to tho public. Never wero fihnrciioI,K, inoro rudely awakened from tLdv blissful dreams of untold wealth in coining dividends than tiro proprietors of tho Jackson's Creek havo been (luring the lost few days; nover wero tho rciNirtu of a mining manager in more marked contrast with tho statements of di-covurera and of the syndicate's representatives than thoso recotlfly received from tho manager of this property. Tlio company was floated with n nominal capital of £120,000 in 100,000 sharesof IT Is each issued paid up to £1. Tho nyndickto reserved 90 000 slmres to pay for tlio purchaso ot tho property nnd their own intercut. 10,000 slmreti were offered to thn public at £1 pur fihate, but of tlicBc about 0000 wero taken up by tbo'pro- motors, each of whom paid from LGOO to L7G0 for shares, at tho nanio prico an tho publio ob- tained them. So tlmt nt tho outset the in terest of tho general public in tho mine was limited to about IriOOO, hut as time woro ou this wns largely increased. Thovondorti received from thonyndlcAto float ing the couipnny about LlSOOiu cash, and 88,00b paidupshnrcs, OftceseaconHulerablouumber. havo been disponed of at prices ranging from 5s upwards ; but about 32,000 of tlio shares aro known uot to havo been sold. Tiio L10.000 realised by tiiti 10,000 shares subscribed for when tho comivmy was floatod was placed to credit for tho purchaso and erec tion uf machinery and about LtiQOO has already been expended, Although tho promoters havo disposed of a largo number of their shares, they still stand to loso heavily, and evidently acted in tho purchaso of tbo property nnd in floating tho company in tho best of faith, and witli tbo utmost confidence in the value of the mine. Within n few months probably L30.000 of other people's monoy — Mel» bourno people's mostly — has gono to tho bourne from which few mining in vestors expect more than thu ghost of a return nnd of this amount fully LUCOO has been ex pended for 100 tons of ore carrying gold, T is a sad mining world, my mat-tors, and tho saddest port of this affair is that tiio promoters of tlie company appear to havo acted in good faith, and to have been entirely misled them- Helves by tmrfaco appearances. Aud tho public, following suit, wero misled by tho prospectus "show." With the glowing report before them thern was nothing surprising in tho alacrity with which public men, wealthy in- - vestors and other gentlemen of social position nnd commercial influence consented to form n syndicate to purchase tho pro perty and float a company. Let tbo gentlo reader jadgo for hhnsclL Listen not to tho mocking bird, bnt to tho prospectus "This company is bolng fonned for tiio pur. chase of a marvellously rich mluing pro perty discovered at Kimbcrky, and granted to tho explorers under tho Gold Fields Act of Western Australia." Mark tlmt— a marvellously rich uiiuing property. The discoverers were kindly appreciative of Victoria, for wo aro next told, "Regarding tho calony of Victoria as tho oentre of mining en terprise, its introduction here waa determined upon by the fortunato discoverers, wlio deputed their leader to proceed hit&cr; to iutcrview mining capitalists, and delegated him full powers to negotiate." llo accord ingly interviewed and negotiate;! and at 44 a Conference with several of tlio most prominent investors, mine owners, and representatives of the best mines in Victoria," tlio capabilities of tho property wore exhibited 44 to tho extent of nbuuti half a ton of stone, alleged to havo beon takon from tho k»de nt shallow depths and reported to be amazingly rich." Tho Conference prudently resolved to commnnicnto with the Government resident on tho subject of tiio find, and obtained from tbo Warden testimony corroborating the discoverers assertions as to the appearances presented. In tho meantime tho stone exhibited, amounting to abont half a 'Gen, was operated on by trustworthy experts, unc of whom tho prospectus stated obtained. oT-c-' to tiro ton from tho ontcrop1 of tho lodr,:/ another GLoz to tho ton from a depth of, In fect, and a third lG2oz lOdwt to tho from tho greatest depth then reached. The syndicate that had boon formed immediately determined to make purchase uf tho property on tho terms indicated, subject lo approval after inspection by representatives to bo selected from members of the Conference. Two representatives of tho syndicato went to Kitnbcrley, in spected Jackson's Reef and reported— the re port was appended to tho published pro- apectua— "after careful and thorough examina tion" that "It may truly bo said that tho amazing results obtained havo created con fusion in tlio mind of every expert whoso treat ment of it has been invite:?. For ourselves ' wo inny briefly observo that uothiug but its actual personal manipulation could havo enabled us to rcaliso tho possibility of the immense value of the utono whoro tho appear ances exhibited differed so widely from tho gold bearing rucks of tho southern colonics. . . . It is clearly apparent that 08 depth is reuchod that the lode - increases in size, and there is nothintr to indicate it being of less value than tlio half -ton eompto I treated by your instructions prior to ourvirit." I Thn syndicates' representatives were, in Tact, absolutely dozded by tho splendors of this j El Dorado, and went on to say, "That liaviug proved the main body of Btono between fivo nnd six feet in width they 4 did not considor it prudent to give by further exploration any greater value to tho . mino during tho timo tho negotiations wero ponding with tiio vendors. Wo cetimato tiio quantity of stouo delivered at tho surface as BO'tona. . . From the accumulation we havo taken indiscriminately about liaU n ton. now presented to yon with the conviction that it will realise your fullest expectations. Whatever the rcsnltiuaybe,an estimate uf tbo value of tbe property can be basod upon it, and wo believe itjwithin fair rongo of probability that its de velopment will eventuate in as great a mining success as has yet boeu mado iu Northern. Territory."' The half ton of stone was treated at Maldnn, and wns reported to havo yielded at tho rato of -Jioz to tha ton ; and tho final paragraph of the prospectus set forth, 41 From it may bo computed tho actual value of thostono at grasn, say 60 tons, yielding 44oz. per ton, and repre- seating.at L4 peroz.,a gross monetary valuo of Ll'1,030 available directly tho machinery is completed." Tho purchaso was completed by tho syndicate, tho company wiui duly floated and registered, nnd a Mr Ellis wns appointed temporary mining manager. Under dato 10th October, 1867, tins gentleman, after detailing the work dona in shaft sinking, eta, reported that 44 Tho atone takon out has been of a very goo>! quality, and shows gold at intervals very freely although fine, mid many tents havo been made, and in each instance very good results wero got, , , , There is no .doubt that thuro is a very largo body of good payable stouo in right, which cau easily be got out." From tho timo ot receiving this report no further correspondence was received from tlio iniuo until after Mr Ilartrick, the mining mannger, a man of considerable experience, had arrived at tho scene. Two reports from him havo just como to hand, aud havo nt a blow shattered ' all tlio hopes of tho shareholders, oxcopt so far as concerns tho probablo return from tho 100 tons of gdld-carryingoro " nt grass.", Writing on tho 9th Deoomber, Mr Hartrick Bays:-—" It is my painful duty to inform you that tho mino you sent mo out to manago is likely to prove ono of tho most completo failures it has Iwen my lot to bo engaged with. Iudeed, so much was i disappointed with-% your prospects after tho glowing account givqn . of it to mo by your Board, aud sovoral 6haih- \ holders that I was strongly inclined to return nt onco to Melbourno." Later on in tho samo report, ho writes— 44 As thero is not tho smallcst prospect that i eon seo for your mino being of any value, would it not bo as well to givo mo powor to placo tho icau&gcrucut; In tho hands of or—— . . . Ioannob see that thero will bo mora titan 100 tons.of ore for tho battery to operate upon when built. . Wore tho prospects of your mino payable I would not advise such a proceeding, because your battery was not likoly to be crcotcd fox mouths after you expected." This delay Mr Hartrick ascribes to tho machinery having bora improperly sent round via Wyndham instead of Derby, and he complains strongly of this action as making it impossible to get on early crushing. Writing a week lator, Mr Hartrick reports fnrthor i find on oxamiuulion tiiot tho sup posed lodo on your mino is nothing more nor less than a blow of auriferous oro contain ing quartz, blues tone, and - ifonrfono uiixcd throughout a mass of slate, in all not more than 4ft in thickness. . . There is o6W every sign of the lodo running out. No gold has yos been obtalued from tho sbait jpus down." ' ' 