FOGS AND FANCIES. A good story is told by one of our leading novelists of a Frenchman who came, across to England, moved thereto by an ambition to engage in "le sport." In London he found everything night, and was much impressed with the vigour of a population which worked without ceas ing for twenty-four hours. At last, after he had excited suspicion of his sanity by ordering supper instead of breakfast and dinner instead of luncheon at his hotel, he found that it was the prevalence of fogs which had turned day into night, and so he went back disappointed to a country where the ordinary laws of nature are duly observed "by the skies. If Mr. Payn's Frenchman had visited Birmingham last week he would have had good reason for his ignorance. "For five days," telegraphs our correspondent, " the town and the surrounding country have been enveloped in a thick fog, which has completely shut out the light of day." This reminds one of the Kgyptian darkness which might be felt. No buBineBB can be done, traffic is practically suspended, and accidents occur on all sides. Those accustomed to the clear Australian sky can hardly appreciate the night-like gloom which a ret.1 London fog makes, and even thoEe who have groped their way through the darkness of a November fog in the. metropolis of the world would be overcome by such an extraordinary phenomenon as a night which lasts for nearly a week. It IB hardly to be w Dndered at that superstitious people in the Midland Counties are terror-stricken. Men who are given to finding sermons in stones will naturally read Athanasian Creeds or Ccmmination Services in long- continued fog*. It is always the case that phenomena, however suBceptible of scientific explanation, are regarded in the light of supernatural visitations by people whoBe knowledge is not equal to their imaginative powers, and who are therefore predisposed to attach faith to the idle prophecies of unimformed soothsayers. Chaucer's carpenter, who was bidden by the "hendy clerk" Nicholas to prepare for the coming end of the world, did not hesitate to bnild for himself a tub in which to ride on the faoe of the floods ; and even in this nineteenth century men and women are ready to believe in Mother Shipton. Whatever i3unknown is to them significant of coming evil, and the prophet does not fully know his business who is unable to impoBe on the credulity of the superstitious. But, indeed, in this case men may be excused for feeling more than ordinary alarm. The hush of a great city where traffic is suspended and no business done is in itself warranted to inspire a great fear, and where it is known that the darkness spreads also over the surrounding country this feeling must be increased. In a book entitled "The Beleagured City," lately reviewed in these columns, a thrilling account is given of a darkness that could be felt, caused by multitudes from the Bpirit world who drove the mortal inhabitants out and occupied their seats. In prosaic Birmingham there can be but Brummagem ghosts, and it is only reasonable to predicate further that the darkness which envelops them fulfils a prophecy which has not the true ring about it. For Birmingham, though it Is a big place, is not the world ; and it savours of English exclusiveness to say that to a part of it alone has come the warning that the end of the world near. We in the antipodes are as much interested in this event, in proportion to population, as Europeans are and there is no evident, reason why they should be warned of its advent whilst we, who have no Mother Shipton, and whose astronomical and meteorological . prognostications are somewhat defective, should be left in ignorance. And, after all, this five days' fog is not so very much out of the - common when we compare it with similar events in former years. From November, 1879, to February, 1880, there was continued fogginess in London. People then, as now, raked up old prophecies, which proved beyond a doubt that the world was to diappear immediately. Yet we have been living ever since in open defiance of these prophecies, and not even the fact that the fog was -densest on Christmas Day of 1879 could shame the world into chaos. Again, in December of 1881 and January of 1882 thick fogs prevailed. Once more old prophecies were trotted out, and once more the world refused to obey them. And these fogs, be it remembered, were attended with fatal consequences, which hitherto, so far as is known, have not occurred in Birmingham. A far more serious thing, if rightly considered, is the fog which prevailed a few dayB ago over the greater part of the United Kingdom, Germany, France, and Denmark. This might have given riBe to many serious casualties at sea with great loss of life, but fortunately such result, so far as we are aware, has not happened. There iB much more cause to be thankful for this immunity than to be fearful on account of the present darkness. But human nature is curiously constituted. Instead of acknowledging with thankfulness good fortune which has befallen us, we are the rather prone to prob9 the mysteries of the future, and to be alarmed because some uninspired seer has said 1888 will see the end of the world, and that this event will be foretold by a fog in Birmingham and its neighbourhood. When the fog has cleared up alarmists will go comfortably back to their work, not, let us hope, without a feeling that they have been disquieted in vain. If they add to this feeling a determination not to resemble the notorious personage who, when he was sick, promised to be a saint, and when he got better forgot Ms promise, the Brummagem scare of 1888 will not have been in vain. 