Notes on My Beat. An attempt was lately made in Bunda berg to start a periodical social gathering for the shop girls, and it is a marvel that the people of that town managed so success fully, at the very outset of the arrange ment, to ruin all chance of its ever coming to anything. Matters had been so well worked up, and the majority of those interested in the work had shown such good heart that a very large number of girls had come together at the appointed time for the inaugurative soiree—I hope the Bundaberg ladies, who give these sort of things in good style, wine and biscuits thrown in, will forgive such a fashionable term being applied to the "lower orders," (for they keep up very marked lines in so ciety, dear reader, and you cannot possibly cross the Rubicon there without pedigree or cheek) However, to return to the "swarree." The poor girls understood the affair was to be one of enjoyment of a free and secular kind, and indeed so did many of the promoters, but religion was introduced by one lady, and there has not been a meeting of the kind since. The girls thought that they were to have heard good music, and enjoy the tem porary society of those who could talk to them on matters not shoppy. They had looked forward to a pleasant chatty time of it without gush, and I repeat so did the majority of those who took up the affair, but all the same the girls were told to find some work for a certain period, and that time being over they had to sing hymns, and an address on religious matter was given them, and altogether— well, the long and short of it is that they never "went to no more swarrees not they." It was just a bit cruel to ram re ligion into them when they never ex pected it, and a lot more good than texts and hymns would ever bring about, was thereby nipped in the bud. ***** From Bundaberg to Hell is not neces sarily a natural transition, though I dare say the track has been trodden over by one or two. But to the subject of my discourse dearly beloved brethren. Hell, as we remember it in our youth—that is as described by our spiritual teachers, pastors, and masters—was a burning, fiery furnace, illimitable, eternal, hope less, beyond escape. There for various offences, from whistling on the Sabbath to stabbing one's aged grand mother on the head with a brick, we were to be thrust after death to imperishably frizzle in secula seculorum. The outlook was not brisk, and, I must confess, that in youth, Heaven was a place which I longed to go to, not half so much for the high reasons urged, but to get away from this dreadful Hell. And now we have Canon Farrar— the author of the Life of Christ, a Queen's chaplain, late head master of Marlborough College, and one of the Canons of Westminster—a great man and of wide influence you will see— positively saying that there is no eternal punishment, and that such a belief is contrary to common sense or our under standing of a merciful and just God. ****** I think we may consider the hell theory, as propounded by the ancients, as gradually exploding, and many of the clergy will, no doubt, be sorry to see their old friend pass away. Hell has served its useful purpose to the clergy, for it gave them the enormous advantage of damning the wicked, including heretics and unbelievers of course. Hun dreds of thousands, aye, millions upon mil lions, have been kept in the faith through fear of hell, and yet but a marvellously small proportion of these ever kept in the paths of virtue for fear of this bete noir. The fact is that human nature is not so low as the hell-fire people would make out. If fear of consequences were the ruling deterrent in this world, life would not be worth living and death would be worse. No soldier would be such a fool as to risk eternally burning for the sake of 1s. a day or even for patriotisms sake. The death of really bad men would be frightful to contem plate, while those of the "fairish to good" sort could hardly give up the ghost with out (in every instance) piteously shrieking for a longer lease of life, as they must feel that whether they go to hell or not is very much a matter of doubt. And then what about the living. Some of our relatives may have been very very naughty indeed, all of them perhaps, and all their lives too, but after their death and we have gone through the crape period, we enter into life's concerns and joys much as usual, and no hideous nightmare of our father, or sister, aunt or mother-in- law, one or all together, squirming and writhing in burning agony, haunts us, or interferes in the least with our daily pleasures or business. This, were we at bottom believers in hell would be mon strous, a trait in our character harder to account for by much than hell itself. ***** Before parting with the subject of hell and Heaven, I should give my readers an exact copy of many printed forms that are emanating from the Court House of Maryborough just now. They are notices to dead persons, and why they are not left at the cemetery, or addressed "to be forwarded" at the Postmaster's discretion, I do not know. The form I give is printed from the original, and the name of the deceased is, for obvious reasons, omitted:— Court House, Maryborough, 1st September, 1888. Memorandum from Clerk of Petty Sessions, Maryborough. To Mr. So and So, Kent-street. I hereby give you notice that it is intended to omit your name from the Electoral List, for the district of Maryborough, now being compiled for the year 1889, for the Reason mentioned here under. Should my information be incorrect, kindly inform me before the 8th day of November, 1888, on which day the Annual Revision Court will be held, at eleven o'clock in the forenoon. Reason stated:—That you are dead. From this safe distance one cannot but laugh at the serio-comic tragedy pro duced last week by the man in charge of the menagerie in Brisbane, who got drunk and threatened to turn loose all the wild animals confided to him— ferocious tigers included—upon the sleek and fat public of Brisbane. The tigers might have gone to many a public office and browsed upon the droves of civil servants, who in the words of "Mikado," "never would be missed." In refusing the offer of Mr. Higgins, the owner of these white elephants or tigers, the Go vernment made a sad mistake. Tigers are not to be had every day, and even on the "hell and deterrent principle" hinted at in a paragraph above, might very well be used, nominally to adorn a zoological gardens, but principally for the purpose of welcoming obnoxious Governors, or removing effete judges, who otherwise cannot be disposed of as we well know—not even at Ministerial request. There is another use which these animals might be put to. Why not turn them out on Fraser's Island—having given Mr. H. Aldridge due notice I would suggest—and let them multiply on that portion of the earth. By letting loose with them hares, deer, Chinamen, kan garoos, wallabys, &c.;, and allowing for the number of marsupials already on the island, we should then form a very happy hunting ground for Christmas parties and holiday seekers. A few bears also might be landed to give a tone to affairs, and the Government would reap a fair interest on their original outlay by letting the island out for sporting purposes, much as they are parcelling out Scotland at the present time for deer runs. Tiger hunting would soon become an ordinary pastime, and by taking the early fast tiger-excursion train to Pialba, and cross ing in the steam ferry to the island, a person could beat up his tiger or two and be back for breakfast in Maryborough the same day. Truly our Government has lost an opportunity in throwing away these tigers. * * * * * Hospital committees seem to contain more sulphur in their composition than most bodies, and no one will deny that the Maryborough one has of late been anything under-proof in this respect. Another matron has gone, and at the hands of a new committee. "There must be some mistake somewhere" all say, and with a beautiful determination to arrive with the utmost bitterness at no conclusion at all, the public agree in making matters as personal as possible. Dr. Garde has had to stand any amount of vituperation, and the determination of an independent man not to be bullied out of his present position, is admirable. From the time that disagreements began with the first matron, right up to Miss Henderson's dismissal, he has maintained one fact, and that is, that the committees have called upon him to rule, and yet have armed him with no true authority, for what with the several departments ruled by independent males and females, the visiting committees, the committee itself, and the President, the resident surgeon has only to give an order to find some one of these authorities step in and defy it. This is the cause of the hospital rows summed up in a nutshell, and now that Mr. Hyne says that Dr. Garde shall rule, I make, no doubt, that he will quickly have things in order in the hospital, and keep them so. ***** I rushed in the other day to Mr. Mitchell's bookshop while on duty, to arrest some person or persons unknown, for using blasphemous language, only to find that I had made a mistake, and that it was this gentleman practising on a con certina—an offence almost as great an outrage on society, though not under the calendar as yet. Apologising for the sudden intrusion, I had a look round the shop, and my eye fell on a pile of books "just arrived," which turned out to be the best of light and deep literature in a cheap form. I am glad to find on inquiry that others of our booksellers have gone in for "indenting"—I believe this is the right word—similar books. I can only say what I saw in this instance. Be sides the lesser authors for 9d. each, I saw the works of Thackery, Sir Walter Scott, Lytton, Lever, Ainswortb, Dick ens, Dumas, Hugo, Mark Twain, and, indeed, a host of others for the same figure. Truly our booksellers are casting off the thrall of Robertson and Co., and half-calf goody-goodiness, when they can furnish us with the best authors for a few pence. * * * * * Among the Books.—Among forth coming books are:—"Ranche Life in the West," by Theodore Roosevelt (Fisher Unwin); "Life of Major-General Sir Charles McGregor" (Blackwood); "Me moirs of Principal Tulloch," by Mrs. Oliphant (Blackwood); "Life of Lord Westbury," by T. A. Nash (Bentley); "New Zealand of To-Day," by John Bradshaw (Sampson Low); the last volume (Ura-Zym) of "The Encyclopæ dia Britannica;" a reprint of Howell's "Epistles" (Nutt); "The Eulogy of Richard Jefferies," by Walter Besant (Chatto and Windus); and Mr. John Coleman's "Players and Playwrights I Have Known" (Chatto and Windus). . . . . A new poem by the Marquis of Lome—"Rome," a stanzaic composi tion after the style of Gray's "Elegy;" a volume of essays on tbe Stuart period, by Mr. Inderwick, Q C.; and the speeches of the Prince of Wales made between 1863 and 1888, are announced. . . . . Canon Ainger has made not a few minor additions to his Life of Charles Lamb which is about to be issued uniform with his collected edition of that author's writings. Mr. Augustine Birrell's edition of Lamb's "Essays," which is to be the first volume of the new "Temple Library" (Dent and Co.), is in great demand. The large-paper edition is already sold out at the publishers.' . . . . Another of Messrs. Cassell's an nouncements is a new edition of that evergreen work the "Popular Educator," which will be "revised throughout" and adorned with coloured plates. The old plates must have done good service in their time. How many generations of good young men and good young women, how many persevering artisans and studious clerks have been nurtured on the "Popular Educator" it would be hard to tell. . . . . A small popular life of the late Kaiser Friedrich is about to be published in London. . . . . Miss Greenaway's Christmas book will this year be a version of "The Pied Piper of Hamelin," illustrated in colours. . . . . Mr. Grant Allen's new work is called "Force and Energy : a Theory of Dynamics," and will shortly be issued by Messrs. Longmans. . . . . An Ameri can "free-booker" has sent Mrs. Hum phry Ward a cheque for five hundred dollars, on account of the profits of a fili bustered edition of "Robert Elsmere." This is golden balm, for unprotected authors. CONSTABLE X. 