16 THERE A MATERIAL HELL ? LETTERS FROM HELL. Ono of tho most roiimrkablu - anil original books ol reeonbfcitnMiHDrGtiorgoMncDiniald'H work entitled "Lttors from Hull." By way of bringing to a closo tho controvery on tho subject of a Material" IJcll, wo give from an alilo review of thu book by Mr Thomas Ilenoy, of Wilcanma, N.3.W., which is imblished in tho Juno number of thu Sydney Quarterly J'cvtei:, somu explanatory comments and extracts. Tlio writer remarks ot tho outsit that if ib was nut foe tho known oagemos of tho human npirit, and most) tho spirit of contomplativo men, to loss itself in tho dark shadows of tho past nnd of tlio future, ono could wonder why any nmn/hoitld think ib worth while, ab tliis time of day, to bring out a hook of tlio charac ter of Dr Gcorgo MncDonnld's. But tho nuo- ce<s that met this identical volume upon its npjinnrancn in England Assures uu yob moro forcibly of tlio porpotuul popularity of this re search. Mr Honey, for his own part, contends chat it is no louger powuhhi to accept hell As more thnn a rhetorical flourish, on tlio ground (I) That tho Idea of a personal vimflctivo chastisement of humanity by nit omnipotent and hninnnont divinity »s (with rovcrenco bu it pretested) horrible to tho moral scuno of man and infinitely degrading to thu ideal of tho divinity. (2) That thu scope of purely natural nnd inovitnblo justice has so widened with tho intellectual' and moral growth of mankind that ic is now posaiblo for us to conclude that virtun brings its own reward, and vico ensures its own retribution. It is pointed out as worth noting that so far as permanent, ns distinguished from ophotncral, literature is concerned, thcro liavo boon two important works of art in which tho Hebrew Hell has played part ; just as in Homer and Virgil wo havo references to tlio correspond ing place hi tlio Greek and Roman systems. These two works of art nro Dante's "Divinft Commmlia" in tho firab part, Ifoll ; and Milton's " I'nradifto Lost." Tim peculiarity of theso two books is that in their entirety they present complete thcolo gicul systems. Curlylo has well called Danto's great work thu melodious nummary of inudimval Catholicism ; nnd in no less a degree is Milton's tho presentiment eminently grand, majestic, oven awful, of tho puritan outlook. It may be pointed out that while tlio ono poet places his hull far outside tho wholo sidereal system, tlio other and carlfor poet places his wiilun tho bowels of tho earth herself, in con formity with tho lo wo scientific idoas of his century. But iu both sohomoa hell is a ploco where chiefly phyRical Bufforing ia tho punish ment, nnd mental or psychical grief is only present to tho extent to which it nccdmpanios tho physical torment. Tlio writer proceeding ro deal with tho uork under notico, observes Ifc is, of course, out of reason to treat it in a historical sonso ns an actual record of personal experience, nor does it fall into tho category of nllogoricat books, in which n great latitudo is conceded of dealing witli high nnd solemn speoulntionn j and if wo attempt to deal with it ns a work of art, and apply Id to the canons of criticism, wo are nt onco brought up abort by a feeling that this is not, nor does it pretend to be, a work of art. So far as my rending of the? voiumo justifies mo in classifying ib, I doso by characterising it as a very long, very unequal, and very inartistic Attempt nt conveying a moral lesson or series' of uuoh. Ib i b very long. Thero nro three hundred and forty-eight pages, of which half are occupied by, more or less, irrelevant digression, descrip tion and preachment. It is very unequal, because while portions do really contribute to lulffi what wo are justified in considcrin-to bo the author's meaning ; other and, perhaps, as larsro portions do not licip out, but rathor hinder, that meaning, and it is inartistic becnusu ib is immitigably anil harshly tragic. Wo all know Arlstotlo's definition of the tragic—thab which purges men's minds with pity and terror. This book ucarcely per mits a gliuiin of light through its murky dark- new, and tlm horror that is the atmosphere iu which the centre figure moves sinks more per- repttbly around the render at ovcry chapter. Theso defects are enough to condemn any ordinary book, bub this is nob au ordinary book. Even though tho accumulation of tragedy deepens right through, til! nt tho close tho render, 'NAtod, drops tho book In thankfulness there is no additional horror reserved for him. j yet tho l>oqk claims, by reason of its entire originality, a consideration of first its lesson nnd thru its method. Tho motif of tho book can bo summed up in A few words ; it aims at tho inculcation of tho doctrlnoof apost morter/i state of punishment for tho sins of thin lite, which pumihmoiib con sists in unavailing self-knowledge nnd in nn- availiiiir perception of tho losb possibilities of redemption. Tho suffering central figure— ihoy all arc suffering, tho snd flraifiatis per conec.ot thh eternal tragedy — Isouo Phillip, who, as tho retribution for a life of sensuality, selfishness,' And cruelty, finds himself, after tho pang of death, naked, sclf-coiiHciouB, in a dreary land of mist, anil silent naked ghosts of. what onco were . men and women. Tho physical environment is suffici ently repelling, butcvory lino makes' plainer tho dccpur horror of his dwelling- place. Sumo touches that reveal tlio physical and, if >ar- missible, tho moral condition of tho Inferno inay bo quoted » "An unknown sensation laid hold of me- What was this! ielt? Death had clutched my every fibre, but I seemed released, free, strangely freo I Consciousness lmd been fading, but was returning oven now, waking as from a swoon. WJtero was I? Mist and night, desola tion and emptiness, enveloped uio; but the iltanm! npaco could nob bo called durk, for I could ho?, although there was not a ray of light to aid me. Tiio flint feeling creeping through me was a Herniation of cold, of inward cold, rising from tlio very roots of being; chill after chili went through mo j I shuddered with chattering teeth. And mi indcscribaOlo loathing seized ine, born of tho nauseous vapors that wrapt mo about. Where was. I? My mind reverted to thn story of tlio rich man who, having died, lifted up his eyes In hell. Was I tho rich man ? But that could not bo ; for of bim the story tells that Jio longed for a singlo drop of water to cool hie toueue, and it says ho was tormented in flame. Now I was shivering— shivering with a fearful cold. Yot it is true, noverthole8s.terrlbly— truo nboub llio tormenting fire, as I found out cru long. " But oouaciousncss, at firab, feomed returned chiefly to experience an indescribable feeling of uakedneas, which, indeed, might explain the terrible cold availing mo. I still believed iu my personal identity, but I was merely a shadow of myself. .'Tho eye which saw, tho teeth which chattered, did not exist any more than tlio rest of tny earthly body existed. AU that wai left of me wns a shade unclothed to the skin—nay, to the inmost soul. No wonder I shivered; no wondor I felt naked. ' But tho feeling of nabudneoi;, strong no it was, excluded bIiaiuc. " It did not oxcluclo a sense of utter wretched ness. All tlio manliness, my pride of forrnor days, had loft me. Mon despise abject cowards I know, hub I had sunk below tho contempt ovon of such u natno. Wretched, unutterably wroteluid, I was making my entry into hell Ab tho very timo whou my obsequies, no doubt, were about to bo celebrated on earth with all tho pomp befitting the figure I Jiad playod. What booted it that some prieit with solemn chant should count mo Messed, assuring tho mourners that I had gained the realm? of glory where tears aro wiped away and sorrow Is no more? What booted it, alas 1 stnoe I, misor- able I, was oven then awaking to the pangs of hell ? Woo is mo— ah, woo indeed I "I hastened onward. Was that earth, or what, that touched my feet? It war sotfe, spongy— a queer 'pavement I Possibly it con sisted of.tliOBo good intentions with which, as some ono bus pointed out, the rood to helris paved. Walking folt strangely unpleaaa m but I got along, walking or flitting, I know not- which, nor yet how fast; on .1 went through mist or darkness, or whatever it was, In tho far distance, it might be some thousands of miles away, I perceived a glimmering light, nnd instinctively towards that light I dlrcoted my coarse. The mist Beamed to grow less dense, forms took shano. about mo, .but they might be merely the work of .imagin ation ; shadpwy outlines of castles, palaces, and houses'ftppearing'throiighho'miBt. Somo- tlmos.it was as if my blind hastd carried me right through one pf-tbesa ghostly structures After a1 whllo 1 began to distinguish hupmn phantoms flitting along; singly at first, butsoon In greater number. >I viewed tbom with borror, fully Aware at the ssmetimo thut thoy were merely beings like mysolf. Suddenly a troop of tfaete splnte surrounded me. X bumt from them, tremblingly, but only to be seised upon .by another . troop. I say seised upon, for they hstobed At me eagerly, se if eooh one meant to hold me fait, sbⅆ though I WAS. vainly they tried to os tein me, raising. tbilv.ories, incessantly. But what cAes 1. Their voices tell on my eat as a mlserablo whoozing, a dismal moaning In my horror I gave a scream, and lo 1 Ib waVthe same puny; frightful sounds Thero was eooh a whirr of voices, I could, not ..possibly , make, them v out j not; at least, Wood oertain ooutantly ropaated . questions, lik<v Whonoo do. you coraef . or, 'What ia tho news j Po or me, what cared for tbohewsloft behind I And it waa not eo much the question, whence ; but rather its ftwfnl opposite, whither bound? that filled my soul. " Luckily there were other mlserablo wan derers speeding along tlio satuo rand, and wh'ilo tho BWiirming troops trird.to stop them I managed to escape. On I want, punting,' lint for bodily,' but npiritual, distress, till at last I reached a lonely spot where I might try to collect myself. " Collect myself I What was there left to collect — what nvailed it to consider, siucol was lost, hopulossly loAl? " OverjKiwcred with that thought I sank to the ground. This, then, was what I had como to.. I hnd diid and found myself in hull, in tho place of weeping and gnashing of tooth, of tor ment, nlas I beyond conception, This, then, was the end of life's onjoymcnt. Why, nh 'why, had I been ununited to halt botwoeu faith and unbelief, between heaven and hell, to the lnat moment ? A few short months ago, or, who Knows, perhaps even a few days hefuni tho tcrriblo cud, it might havo been timo still to escape no diro a fate. But blindly 1 hud walked to dr»trucfcion ; blindly ?— nay, open- eyed, and I deserved uu butter. " This latter thought was nut without a touch of blttnr satisfaction. After nil, oven linll'had- something left tlmt roonmbled satisfaction I But, m truth, I hated myself with n burning iniplacablo hatred in apito of Uio sclf-lovo which had accompanied ir.o hither unimpaired. Aud remcmboring thn many so-called good inten tions of my sinful lile, I felt ready to tenr myself to pieces. In sooth, I myself had assisted diligently in paving tlio road to hell I "iluttha feeling, was void of csntrition. I fell sad ; I felt ruined and miserably undone.', I condemned, I cursed mysrif ; but repeat-, anco was far from mc. Oh, could I but repent 1 I know there is such a thing, but tho . powor of repenting is gone, gono for over. I did not at first sro myself mid inyiposiUon'na.I do now. I only telt misarablo mid hopelessly lost. Aud though I lmtcd tnyao)f, at thu samo timo I pitied mysolf moat deeply. Wonld that I could havo wept I Boor Dives sighed for a drop of water. I kept sighing for a tour, a poor human tear, forBomuhow I felt that tears could unbind mo from all rny grief. I consumed my power in vain olforts to weep, but even t? are wero of thu good tiling beyond in? now Tho effort shook my., soul, but it waa vntn, vain 1 . "Away I went, steering toward the distant light. It wrb as though a magio power ' drova mo in that direction. To tho right and left of ino tho realms of mist appeared cultivated aud inhabited. Strange, fantastic shapes and figures met my view, but they seomod shadows only of things and men. Much that I saw filled mo with terror, wliilo everything added to my pain. By degreos, however, I begau to understand tlint wretched ncgntivoncn of existence. I gathered experience as I wont on, but what expurionco ? Lot mo bury it in silence. Ono incident I will record, since it explains how I first came to comprehend that horror-teoniing statu ol things. "I was Stopping iu front of ono of those transparently Hhadowy structures; it appeared lo be a tavern. In tlio world I used to despise such localities, and would novcr liavodctnoanud myself by entering one. ' But now it waa all tho samo to mo. They wore making merry within I haw— drinking, gnmbling, and whnfc not. But it was an awful merriment iu which these horrible shade? wore engaged. On? of them, to all appearanco the landlord, beckoned ino to enter; an inviting fire was blazing on thn hearth, nnd, shivering ns I was, .! went towards it straightway, "'Can't you como in by tlio door?' snarled the landlord, stopping mo rudely, "Abashed I stammered, 'I am so. cold, so mtenrably cold ?' '"Tho more fool you for going naked!' cried tiio fellow, with an ugly grin. 1 Wo admit well-dressed people ns a rule.' "Involuntarily I thought of my soft Turk ish dresaing-gowu and it? warm Ifclongings, when, lo J scarcely had tho idea been shaped In ray brain than I found myself clothed in drcsaing-gown, Binoking-cap und siippors. At the samo timo my nakedness was uot covcrod, and I felt as cold as before.' "I moved towards tho hearth, putting my treinhling hands to tho grate ; but the blnzo omitted no warmth— it might as wnllliavo ben painted on canvas. "I turned away in despair. Thomorry- makiug shades laughed harshly, calling moa lool for my pains. Quo of thum handed ino a goblet. Now, I. had nuvor Ujun a drunkard,' but that feelitfg of indescribable emptiness within mo prompted me to seize thu cup, lilting it to my lips eagerly that I might drain ic on tho spot. But alas, 4the nothingness J my burning desire found it an empty cup, and I felt ready to faint, "My horror must have expressed itaolf in my features, for they laughed louder than over, grinning nt my disuppoiiitmonfc, T boro it quietly. There was something frightfully re pulsive in their uunatural murrununt, cutting mo to the soul. "Tiio carousal continued ; I, with wildly confusud ideas; watching the straugo revelry. "Recovering myscU, I turned to tho churlish landlord. " 'What house is this?' I asked, with avoico as unpleasant and snarling no his own. " 'It's .my house j' "That waBnot much of information, so I asked again after a white ; 1 How ' did it comu to bo hero— tho bouse I inoau — and every thing?' "Tho landlord looked At mo with a sneer that plainly said, 'You greenhorn, you ! ' vouch safing, however, presently, 'How it caino here?— ' why, I thought of it, and then it -wan,' "That was light on tho subject. 'Then tho house ia" marely an idea ? ' I wonti on. '"Yes, of course; what oka should it bo?' "'Ah, indeed, youngster, 1 cried ono of tho gamblers, turning upon me, 'Hiiro wo arc iu the true land of magic, the liko of whicu was never heard of on earth. Wo need but imagine anything, nnd thou wo havo it. Hurrah, I say 'tis a merry place I' And, with frightful laughter 4hat be tokened Anything hut satis faction, ho threw tho dico upon thu table, " Now .1 undoistood. The house wan imagi nary, tho firo without warmth, tho tapure without light, tho cords, the dico, tho drink, tho torn apron uvon of tho landlord— overythlug, iu short, existed merely in imaginatiou. One thiog only was no empty idea, but tearful reality— the terrible uuceasity which forced the shadowy semblances of men to appear to bo doing now in tbo spirit tho very things they did iu thu body upon earth. For this reason tho laud- lord was obliged to keep a low tavern ; for this reason tho company that gathered there must gamble, drink and Bjvcar, pretending wanton merriment, despair gnawing their hearts tho while. "I. looked at myself. This clothing thou which could uot cover mc, far. less wnrm.niy frozen limbs, was bub the jugglery of desiring thought, Lie 1 false-" hood ! away. IJ X cried. Oh, that I could gee away from mysolf I Alas J wrotch that 1 was, I could at bust escapo bub tho olothiug which was no clothing. I tore it from me, rushing away in headlong flight, conscious only of my miserable nakedness, fiendish peals of laughter following me like tho craving of multitudinous frogs. "You must, know, then, that each wretched bring lioro is moved by An irresistible impulso to imitate his life on earth, to continuo what fn sinful folly hu worked in that life. And, strange to say, as I havo already hinted, wo oan all obtain hero what we liko; ono used but think of anything and thero lb is, Passion nnd wrongful desires rule here as they do in the world, only tho more horribly being-void of substance). In tho world they areolothud— clothed in a semblance of beauty even; lawless and pernicious though they are, , thoy at least own tho garmont of nature. But hero they are mere skeletons, unolothodof the flesh, an insult to nature, continuing in tho ovil bent of former habit, yet incapablo of aught but showing their miserable nakedness. For tiio imaginings of hell arc hollow and empty, void of truth and reality, bereft of nil means of satisfaction. 'And yot tho Tory , punlshraenb of hell consists ia this, that wo . aro drivon to conform to this maddening unreality, tin's doadly breathing nothingnoss. No matter how deoply cousoious wo are of tho vanity of our doings- no matter bow wo loathe them— they havocomo to be our masters ; wo aro driven, helplessly driven, to bo for over try log to bo .what w were off'tarth. . " Supposing, thon, that & number' of spirits agree: wo will bare a town here, that town straightway appears on the'oceno ; or If others . say, 'lot us have a ohuroh herb abd a theatre and a publio park, or woods and a lake and mountains, it is all there, as soot? ns imagined.' And not only , that each 1 one sees for. himself what ho 4?(ui called up in vain desire ; it it) soon by all with Shorn be pomes lucontaob. But every thiog shadowy— nay, less than shadowy i it is empty -oonoeit Such ' a slate naturally inqludes change upon okange, inceosant unrest; this alto is -vanity... "Neither is -.thora any look of assisting spirits to carry Into effeot any desired -show. Does ony one here wish to set up an establish- m»nt, to live iustyle, m the phrase «wot?t on earth, ho is straightway surrounded by faith less fctewsrds, drunken- batter./ thieving servants of all kinds. ' If you' imagine that no ono would care to bo a tarymit hero, you are mintakon, for the inhabitants of hell, .In n mere outward way also, carry on tlio habits of lito. Is tlioro any ono hero who iikos to general an army, he will find plenty of bloodthirsty rulflnus to oliuy his behests, provided- indued ho wan a general in Ins day- gone by ; fur, mind you, without a, name n man even hero could not inakn his way. " Upon thin information you' will not bo sura prised to team that I havo a pleasant abode here not far from town, thn iuingo of iny own old country house, with park and river to plcane my faucy ; that I am a gentleman, and ucu much, company. I frequent fnshionablo society now a formerly, since it yiclda me gratification, both privato and public. Fow men know und draiuud the Rimrcus ot onjoy- muiit more thoroughly than I did. But now ? — ah, pity mo not, for your pity cannot niter tho fiiut. This then is tlio misery of hell for me ; I am hungering after enjoyment, puroor impure, but there is no sunao loft to gratify ; reality has vnubhud, tho greed only remain. Ih it no; iimdnuHs ? " In tliu direction of that pale twilight, which decreases and increases alternately, there ma grunt gulpli, a fathoinluai abym, fteparating hell roin I'.inwliHt. It is Paradise whence that radinnco proceeds. And from thn nbys, at regular interval apparently, dead darkuoss gushes f«ir;h, repressing thu fmnt far-off light of lica von, till tho lattglioitly glimmer is couc. Then it is night with m, tho abyss appearing as a lako of molten fire, but ils flames aro void of light giving powor. That ia Span's . reaiilnnce, and # tho abode of damnod souls, I spunk of it with fear and treinhling. Gradually tlio nbyss, as ic were, cat? up its own ilarkuorfs, tho fair light reappearing a ndgrowing, till wo sue it n» n tondor radiaucv, dear as the twiliglit of a summer mora. And nt times, as though a curtain of mist nnd cloud worn suddenly rent asunder,' a cataract of light bursts fcrt.li victorioiinly, overflowing from tho heart of Blory. Hull stands dazzled, struck to tho.coro as it wore. Form bvauty aud blisa eternal a vision of 1'arAdiso is given to tho dumnud um?s —no not tho dmnnnrl ones, for thoueb cast into hull wo aro not yot judged ; it is given to thane who, like -the rich muii, lift up their eyes iu torment. And it is not only Farad too wo sou, but thu Mussed onus who dwoll there. 4,AH tins I havo learned,— as yet I havo not seen it.. But now, since dawn is increasing, wo sccin to bu neariug that hour— shall I say tint happy hour?— ah no— moat dread I moat dread I I cannot tell how long tho light goes on increasing or decreasing ; thero is 110 judg ing of tho lungth of dawn, as there is no judging of tlio duration of night itsolf. According to human ideas, it would acom to ho a spneo of soveral years. Tho vision of Paradise, I feul euro, tilU but a moment, but some call it long, fearfully loug. Shall I rejoice to seu that moment, or must I dread it ?" Wo find as wo read, that for tv modern Caligula, Phillip is really not so poor an imitator. Tho seductions, the gloat ing sensuality, ovon tlio darker horrors (nou inter Christianos nomtnandum, aa tho lawyers havo solemnly phra?cd tlium) of thu Concl nro not missing ; and after three hundred nnd forty Hovon p\gea of this dreary reading, here ia a closo that out-Ilereds Herod "A faint streak of dnu'u, My eyo fell on n cowering figure, ilHlmped and monnimr, sunk iu a hnap not far from mo. An impossible, frightful thought stole through mo at the night. My soul, heaved like a storm-lashed " The figure moved and turned. . . , . Go<l in heaven, that . terrible face, ghastly atid distorted it wa it wu? . , . . my mother's 1 " I dashed away in headlong flight— I could, I would not briievn it. . . " But nlas, my friend, wlmt matters my bolieving it or not— it was . my mother ! "Poor, poor mother I This is tho crushing blow, If such there bo here,. -I thought I had known tho worst— but tills is awful, awful 1 "What more shall I say? Word? aro powerless— the despair of hell you cannot con- ceivo, It were poor consolation that, being equally nusrrablo now, wo might weep to- guthOr, uphold ono another, comforting cadi other in pain. Butoven that is denied J Tears we liavo not— syi»i>atliy there is nob ; at least, I have not found it— and, naturally, since love is utterly unknown here. Wo can only cower side by side, through ages to come— eauli taken up with srif-Fellmvsliip ? Nay, Uut ifc is worao than dcaerb loneliness, Wo havo not a word to say to ono another ; we dread to look ab caoh other. Everything between us i? cold, dead- dead. Wo have our own agony of fire, each' within tho soul ; but that fire which goea forth to warm anothor is u a burnt-out crater filled with tho uriios of despair. ... "lean we no moro. . . faro thco -well." Tho reviewer, in concluding his article, remarks: — Suppose, . having supped full of horrors, wo, pause C£n : t|io impressioiui— sombre, or' ghastly, or lurid— bavo yet become dim in tho jaded . mind, to ask ourselves ono or two questions of this book. How comes this tnufeib of what is unholy and repellnnb to bo spread before uu? As a moral purpose must chiefly havoiuspiredn book-that ha? no claim upon thu most superficial attention unless there arc uudurlymg lessens, perhaps it will bn notunjuift to eonsidoritin tliu light of a lung nreachimmt u;>on tlio dcctrine of ulernal retribution. Con sidered iu that light, to read tho bo6k is to condemn it. Tho rai&on; d'etre of tho book is inconceivable if U Is not to drive souls, by tho terrors of nn irremediable and dread ful punishment, to choose tho narrow path which ends at the straight gate. Then, wo must ask, is it sufficient to ntono fur a book that in unhealthy from tho first page to tho last, to say that it has n>moral obiecfc? Is it not— in all rovenmeu I ask— is it not a doctrine bl&splionmus; ns to tlm Creator and despairing as to His crcitturos that, reversing tiio tender apostolio apothegm that purfuoo luve castoth out fear, wo aro to learn nnd to teach that perfect tear and ghastly horror of unrighteous torture can work this faith and walk njion earth that recommend themHelves to our task master? I rcteflu to believe. I protest, in the natno of humanity, against any man, whatever his motive, setting forth, not '.ruths, uor half-truths, but speculations that tho larger heart and larger mind of our generation dare not profess, dare not bcllove, to harrow up tho humanity that is within us. In motivo crude, saiujl ant in execution, objoc- tionnblu from ovury healthy point of view, dangerous to raw. youth mid morbid maturtty, a source of madness to tiio hypur- scnriiivu, ob wonder to tho philosopher, aud of stern rebuke from tho ctesu- numlcd— this is a book that should never have readied the public uudcr tho honored narno cf George M&cDonaid.; 