-c :`."t'0[DQOL0! T» PBIP \- Ai £I .BO*M * oi.e T EE Dm wP. r,.,tL br ream thes weich mseet hav Breechsc c inted a a onga ssatised. but t-- by abA ott, teh m* et have ,.,emnbeesd ipolii enoug abltor ofehar Oh..l . 'Soon agan. however, the !ube mut dAing influenee created by the ttle sleet adb Under tVhe tarpaulin ws felt by to men. tThrees shOfbe aswent-to the tnfant antd they il!".1\t."il:: '"2"!.: · ' , mere of hm. n Goldsmith r. emeleed is he eed chillhty story of an 'eppeoti whobadbeetn as orphan and was pal to sea by anenle whom he ad tathed of won huatsh and cal man. Thie lad dioned ~thagt ha fa11n fc ork memthead. They laid :alim lt, andr that ame night aen able eaman !pZý ed Idoe s Bogle oling afS to Sake she wheel an hebackd pabi who r the body Ia, use tea' parite s her female with her fingere note U o on hr foehead. leaning over the body end susees rig y her oattInLe tohat she ,had dieov.red who he bue bad belen, and inc in wild aeguish. "'Bogies was so frightened, said GoldBmrih. thato he ran it into the fok'le, woke up all ande, who came-on deck to.dsr th eeOs appartton but the dmos haud diappearoned. Yt there waoe at boardUI at lghto K'logetohaboar, anid i elcast odotbht chat Bogies had poken thee 'both, forg hic scrlify we. ehown by the '-aefd the sight pn duned upon hi mind. He sI "J.J~~~~ia't l" ""r batl n { bee; neh bad been a drunken- cweeric fellow before, but from that night he read the Bible ela cook, had al o i lttle yarn to deliver. Arhebr likewise suol -of a ghost, and old qu itr ht, nbs thr be beaen whe it canbe to intthng testeias, narrated i en a f but ttamuloua volte bow his mother bat ea hted' tn the dened ot nigha by anelder ,hbother, of li, who came too Oh etretdebt nwhen the oew was a foot thik withe ning u ht a pair ot drtl ten user: 'Theoa was a rased,' meq 'Bol,' ced e ftigne th plate i bte ee'd nle reivednt a laSter a fortnight aore-be wt in the Royal navy, wes Iaceph t :e-eyid that the frigate hd rteaehed is.e cbric, Jamaica, and ware like to be kept oen that there station oe shomer wimoth she wasn Shcofoundrd, not more t his trning up inr that rie then-by him turning eup t- allo that e tumbled dow in tafir, he noise of which I tearmieg a lodger that ad a wooden leog who etet I the back parlour, he shiped i leh rend come o l, and tering noth n-bet motheru a :lb opecne-eled , leanin g e lig h tly tor ohree o laying in a awooed upon the mat, he shuts Sthe itres door and carries her on to ansef a where, alter a bit sbe revved. Well, what "happened2 said old .Breeche, turning his daeo dime in the stauligbt, roand upo the :men; the glistening' of whose eyes was the eulyadiscernible point in their dusky coun eenanes 'Sometime fter she got a lIetter t from: the Admiralty atativei that her =on ° 'Joreph bed been drowded by falling ovr. board at ight in -Kingston harbour, and i It c tamed out that -at the very time he was under water the knock came at the doorund t hi 'mother sle him a staoding in the snow.' " But it wee bud upon eight bells;Stone 1 had finished his pipe, and drawing imself up with a loot round at the see, he ald, ' Wel, I lwe lire in a fantlo world; but thee's no aes a growling'. sond with that he walked t quietly aft, pausing a moment when abreact i ,ol the tarpaulin and lookring at It, and then c moving on freh with a sigh. lThe men after I talking a little broke up. The firsta watch f had begun; half -the crew went below, the b olbher. 'who bad-o-e keep the deck, hung h togetber walking in two, and two,, one ptir in the- gangway. another on the forecastle. e The shadow of death was on the little ship, 0 ,and where the tarpaulin weeu the darkness hung deep, and as often aa the spot waa tl pead the footfall wa elofiened the low tI voire -sunk lower yet into a whisper. It t .would be mere imaginatioo, of course; yet 1i 'the whole thing' appeared a. though acten- f :tualed-hy the night; by the steady aolemn a burning of, the stars; by the delicate swell t that underran the achooner with a metan. ii tuholy-renplrcllon; by the parting waterse eealing along in sounds of weeping; by the I spectral wings of canvas elowly fanning the I darkness nnder the glittering heighta ; by the p ,ligh moaning noises breaking out, from God t tkoowa', whas part of the interior of the t gliding fabric. - Even to thee, 0 tiny fragment of human 1 ciatber had came the marvellous gift of 1 death; the power of subduing tothe-om. plexion of thine 'ioeeirotiona whatev~er the It eye could behold, whatever the ear coaid hear he The wind shifted ie, the night. It blew,' but Without much weight, from the north.-, ward ecd the su n ros upon the Golden ope colse-thauled,- Ieaintg slightly, three points o-nitier course. Fortetue, who, inc accordance with his' regular cusom, 'had t .tumned-the keyin Agatha's door overnight WIth greter solicitude on ibis ocosion thn he had before felt, for be greatly feared the g tabing Influence of the sorrowful eventa ofthe ·day-n~oon her mind end the ·dominono of ettrorw not lees attive in sleep than in WakingMr.,lorteeoue on quitting hi.-own birth tigh sty-aelocged her door, eel alter ' Ulsanisgninently forsome momente,*knocked, 1 She answered by opening the door. She was r' tfal dreamed, hot had not yes boutd her h-Ir b apl;: It- wa like a-eon-touched fountain a raining down her hack and overherhbouldere, i wondrousl, plentiful and moat daintily rich and r~diant; her beach: pate and hard with rI melancholy(with coch melancholy as would asves aimion that wae without memory, without a'remembered past and the solice h -etroepection piglds-met the vision of the h lover with the novelty be would bere found Ir "in a marble image of hi. darling. There was cI a darkness under the ever gente -eye, a 'legour in the droop of the tide which toil of Ic a troubled night. Be held her hand ea be at asked her how hehsdidaleP. op if 'Not wel,' she-answered t-'l-notosed my a little companion'-her lip quivered. 'Why jltat was to he expected, Agatha.' °I fie used; calling her by- her name, for there 1i1 was comehIqngb n the Gtloiness griet bed out into beeede. that to hi. eeuititvoeese repelled mn 'the sthoivM'idiirtog terms be' was 'used to 05 employ;'but time tbat'heate all illsoon be aetutom Bo i ithe 'oat habee abeunce,' hi She looked down as though she dl~dained is such as severnce a`- that, and aid- with a1 -acarel v'ming' lipS, like one thikling ot aloud I caused hiadekib. It wes intended m it should ~be o. - -4 Wi was memory taken hi froth' cee if i was' stotmeant I should b as alone-alone 1 bs She ad hed rhaud as though et to preec bee forehead, bit toothing her hair ehe seemed startl-td to'fid It angeio, wild fe bout her, eel with afalnt blobk of confucion st she made as though to clue the -dour apon ua andtoeari ac' the men, rt of w o Jbreekf t tab·tle tmte imeal was: iready, but -N *oelp reaipoided ery fainti. andd briell to ult Hiam.'respetfu~l salue Seeing it wee not ;m he~~ulr h rnia, teipeak Wek elt ilut him- wI 'sell. and breaklec was got through with at sarca more than half- dorun words between H the sktppertHda Mor. recus. Her meeter hr wee a blow to Weeks. - ho had boon re. ab beaniangmany obeervgjl~twj of a nsolsltory hi Me r .sflencalrr I eeni Fo-assen~i th m,.~a'loned hr iltrieg nem~l te beSt' ~bgo 'tiledherm lbe Id..rolplate .a? reehere 'be -OI;#sc~l~~·Lh~t I oflr her from time of WQhen breakfastwcovrasoe uel Oh uner al? eck~· fun," mll~ri i; 'Verserisolv,b'eccswirii d, ablohi beth iaim' stadndin erect. onjil cowosestike 'Nevr coulld haen believed, sIr, she bail so Oskeeto that shore hld. - Nelibs hweeult ?b9 ~ahitjhs4 efdt~.M .C'O.~g~O. ,.". sol asshjr. ire own mother, the-drewnina of It conidn'S have aanedhersooegtlsf. j llylth..ppened all trhi way down hers I old't so moon matter it tani sorrow had fallen upon her when we wee even within a week's mail of England. for Sthea tered be alt the Intersti of the shebore close at head to another down her lamentation a bit, wl, maybe, so ill Stoue thinks, to give har bnck hsr memory, tn whlchb cn's She ioy s5h'd dad Ia. reoobeulls oat '* nd beholding ones again all them old satiufacsone which she can't now perceirs, . "would omak shis lasholr. lit:l lob sem small snoogh, thoogh each is she natural I geniledees of her hat that I don's mean to suppose sIe wouldn't always finad it afeaing ' Forteecae had to0 sweet a nature ever to show muatieneos at the good lotentloons of othere, no matter bow duitrceslng might be the form ahoy took; ant Mgatha had inspIred bhm with thoughts lonfinitel, too deep for utteranre to snob amen as Weeks, and wish fantier and fears which made him recoil from the mere idea of talking about her. Weeks's ambition so shine se a pbilesopher and a moralist max thberefore be baulked aasln The clercgmeon with a bit of coos mooplace on hi. lips, which, strive his utmost, he could not force into a smile, went to hise berth, and Hiram passing the back of his hand with a long sweep over hs month. and a slightly crestfallen look, fitted a mole. skin cap to his heed and climbed on de:k to relieve old fStone. The moarn puased quickly. It was now a qoarter to eleven. The men wets below in She larecastle, cleaning themselvee fo the ceremony; the young seaman. Joe Hall, wan at the tIller. and Stone, in his Sunday cloths,. paced bthe deck with a sober, pious look upon hile fade. The schooner, heeled to the extent of a atrsake by the breeze, was eatling quickly but without noise, for the sea wase smooth, and whast small billows the wind ses running weres but litle more than laree ripples with ourls of soam ilashnlg out f their bheads hes and there. too light to break with sound agalnst the eathebr bow. The san utood hibgh and swung with glory over she foretopmaet head' in unison with the tlow breatlhing of thbe ocean, which kept the vessel regularly bntvery lightily swaing. ' Tbshe horizon went aecond in ste-like sharpuess.of outline, for t ths morning sit, waezstraordinarily brilliant and rtranspaent. beacrug the eye to the nethermost horion, whbose sdstlinoatbas mognified the cnpoclon sphere o the li:ht bios girdle, hose emyphsising the loneliness of the schooner upon that spaioun field, by I the immensity of the surface that trembhled in glitteringa under the high and gleamiog heavens. I There was no bell to strike, but at .11 'calock the word went along, and the crew tro alt, collecting atithe gangway, whither one of them came-no other than William Breches I -bearing under bhIt arm a plank with the little body upon it, over which was spread the English esigo. One end of this plank he rested on the ral, the other he held. He was barebhaded, and kept his tugged. weatherseemed face bowed. They bad., I the's plain merthnt sailors, hut little ahoices of clothes among them; their mourning t uest be gotten ont el polithed faces and hair combed smooth, and tlean shirts washed In salt water, and, some of them, canvas rousers whoe tarry cstaions deSed sthe crob. binog brsh and the lee scppers. Theywres promptly joined by Hiram and Stone, the former, like his mate, clad in his besots t. Upon the sklpper's loot, gaunt, yellow face, risf, of a 'sue-lilk trpe, win nicelr calc lredstost becomincly; hut had he beenact in esorrow all his life, no expreslioo of it he could have asesumed would come near to a likenss' of the manly, patheti bhonesty of feeling yoo saw in his eyes, when, after letting them rest for a few moments on the little borden, he turned them upon the deck at his feet, azinglso sill be had tantened bli wide month ous of the twitchinge in the extremitee of it. In a few moments Forteaone came out of the companion with Agatha. The clergyman took his place cloe to the body. The men backed away a little to make room, partica, larly leaving a space for Agatha, facing the gangway. Her face was painfully white; the most ignorantglance would have traced the marks of the griet the lor of the child had impressed upon her. The hollows in her eyes were noticeable for the darkness in them, and for the aspect of illiese they gave to her. It was difficult to look at her and not observe the fading that had happened in twenty-foar boaor, without guessing that there had been an artificiality in her bland bloom, in the warm fltihed tropic glow of beauty that had amased Fortescue to see in her, and that had lingered ecarce unimpaired down to the last week or two, when it began to dim to her secret fretting. She fired her eyes on the ensign that covered the plank,' and 'seemed utterly insensible to all things but the fancies that came to her from the outline defined by the thin bunting. The sallors looked at bar slightly ; their repect was too Itrong to suffer their glance to ap proach a stare, and then again it was a moment to adbdoe them and to sharpen their natural regret at the lose of the little one whom they had watched, talked to, and learned to love, into briny pity and a rough sort of grief. Still they could not help peeping at her, for she stood near; her coloarleaness and fixed g'aze, her still, rapt posture, invited their regard. It is true that Archer had cleared their minds of the super stition she had exoited in them. hut the memory of the faneies they had had about her recurred. This was the girl. some of them thought in their own rude tongne, who had bren beheld by that clerayman yonder, when at a distanae f 'thoanaade of miles from her, kneeling upon the shore of the slaad, then rising and appealing to him to come to her; from whom eickoess bad fallen as a garment after memory had bees ihookedoat of her by brutality ; whoe pat had blackened upon her mind and was as dead to her ai the Infant upon'the plank there, though in slepiln she oould recollect, and standini under the starlight at the rail of the schooner look across the rounded sea to England from the lndian oeean, and talk with her lover as if he were there instead of being at her aide, and appal to him a if ther were no sanity lor her haut in slumber. though when she opened her eyes in waking she tamed them like a blind woman upon him I The sehooneir wayed gently; at eVerly mane's foot his shadow' swung, and in' .the paus that fell, whilst Fortescue opened bhI book ere raring'it to iead,'you would have heoad nothing bat 'the nnauinraihle'w limper. ingiol thr waler, delleatlyr seething and softli slidinq pasb, as though there 'wre spirlti over the diil aniwetnl ina faint notes the mufflehi qoesteoiang st 'the wlde that hummed likethe btkiog'of flies heard afar amid the complicated' erdage, and pat' the bolt rpes of thesaady cloths. " Mr. )orteioue b@an0ti 'iead. It was.a famillaroffice to him, and his volae. w .low steady, and sad,. bat'.sai t wilh, oiiiltfd atteranee. The moment b:e sonmaisedi, Breechee qultly pulled the na oid ff the little hammock,, ready. for he fal anoch since he ouold not ,im loaa whb the wo would be gi ven ; ?br g 'blt the. very sienderest acquilntanc wlsh'tlit.burial ier vice, and tberefor d in' erwyhin.r clear,' as atre eallor '4ocld, uooder all,circao; Istncea . It' wa noticed that a Shudder wrenched AxOtba from bed4 to. foot, thathea fliners closed Into 'hs palmi a?l o'the nails woald oat the fleth th'er, and that ahslet'a breath fly'from her In a paeionae aigh that wu like a faint gry oto thi who idod nearet wheat 'the" hammock wea 'ipoeas ;'k oth wide. she, bll .hrsilf. steady with, blar rooted ipoa the. llttle body.. . , .... alit It wat ideid a eight to melt any heat. Naves had the blie of. heaBve looked down Upoa a' tiier bammhqk.; ,n its littlenese mainly .la te o Ppo r thi l stirrid the mea when the 'old eaman laid 'bare (heolnute i ocean abroid. Old Stone's eyes were wet. Hiram' folded his arms tightly aerome" his breast and hang bhi head, and Arelor, alftera ahort look at. the baby outline, tueaed his heod aiide iith bit hand over the fao*. . "Mr. Fortescue' onlinued readial, slowly,, with a thrill running throbgh hisa vole for a moment a- he lifted pa eee fin the. book anod direoted tkla at the Dlek,' but old Stone wsea observed to seddealy., 'sciq-e a knuckle intol hiseeyes and. regard-Alathe askant, bht, withb a ete*dfet. wa'ohfalnees of gaxe that m0.4 have made yo e a bhi. I mind, was wholly of the fanusrl, and that he was thiingin, o nlothing but *laa be lookeL at . I A chance had come over bet, toon She had bruokun a*wy, from her. intent stare *i th baby, anl, was uo g-.aing at Mr. Voateesg with a singular expreeliosn slowly eatering her face ll o tirri in every twitch and line of It. and gradually dilating her aem and lif. Suga her blows like a slow noisona of madnen working i hr brait. -No, one .peaeie to notice tla bat ts b SMr.,Fottacqe red ;,' We therfore sm BIt hli body to the deep .to be tued Into oortonppuný-- ..I -:: .:: . , M e,p14e"',1 with a 4Iauce.a0 i Breeches, whi ,ths. oldmao inatasotly inlerstood.' !Withl aqaic amvesipot he raled se thual.o e'.lak,,,ad, the tiny ,whis Ljulmoek ls a ed, frlll -the gail like a bird oflunwy itfnlse tkingI flight.' -Hall atl tbe tlullr. istlnotlely tuarned hi. head to loo over the quarter, bat. the pelling water mobblg alone. baond bends hdaouht the bubble'lld awpUt It into the sllnhlne s lhe wake, and in a breath Sbit wir e e., bhalleiag she vanihekept of d, hesolds time Our its ue Sn ootir d+tuss'sl. dr n Sthe hope eprud ia the words 'looking r for the reeorreation of the body (when the sea f shall give up her dead), and bshe Ilfe of the Uworld eto come, through our Lord Jesus I Oboist.' S The clergymin pa phom dilg,*elehmaft gatherlng An his rich voic5 00n tAbt the .plank hod been silted, and the feeling was Sloe nameless little stranger that habd some to them for their love and milnAtration was at s let troul at peace, and An the boeom of Hiim' I whohals d .lld him, whea on as udde. Stone ried out , 'Mr. Fartsacue look at Mis Fos, 'elrr She was standing as though rarnesfied, I th an e presion 0o her of wildest t toozabment, tbtr of its owb emotional fo had given a colour to her face. Her or were opened to their liles extent. Isia a i a esepirit moved before her-eomehling that had at first filled her with amaement like horror, thoagb the terror was paring, and the lustre of delight was dimiy siing through the astontshed. half-Licreduloue, holf.tcrrfied stare that she had Swed upon her lover. She tottered once or twice as i she would fall. She sought so speak, has her IAps turned white at the ff-irt. and her throat crimeoued as with strangulation ; hbut are Mr. Forcescoe could sprineg towards her she had att-red his nam'. 'Malcolm 1' at trb in a choking cry. but then * Malcolm ! Malctolml Malcolm 1 thrie, in shribeks ; and wisp a leap the was upon his breehs, her bands locked round his neck, ler heed upon his boeom. ' Agatha.' he cried; 'von know me at least Your memory hba returned to you I Beloved one oll me eagin bh namh !' oer cl ed relaed. She fainted. "'Tie the baby's doing,' said aStone, aload. looking round; ?abe loved him, and he repays her' bh giving her her memory back, It coma with the launchbng of the hammock. I watchebod It working in her. Great God I bow beautiful il is to think of a woman's tappinsas returnfng to her asa if ·lof tore fomp the little 'en che'd been as fa other rol' sod with working lips nd syes again brimming over, the old man stepped to the ail, and looked along the gittering farrow of the schooner towards thespot where the body, of the little one had vanished. SCnearzrn LVI.-T Ta NEW 'DAwN. It was the girl's second swoon in twenty* four hours, bau this time there was a death' iness init that grew terrifying. The ahen pallor was of the grasve, and through the parted tidr the white of thse eyes ehowed like corseing eFor momwh ent or two Forlesue alone newr she had fainted; then Hirem. sseeingwat had' happened, sprang to help him, and between thesm they hore her below. The momentary transport of joy in the cnrate turned to terror me he lessud over her loosening her dross, whilst Hiram hurried for water and other reetoratires. Ste wee polsetese Her bosom lay motionlees as a piece of scalp-are. He drew forth with trembling hand a little looking alass which he held to her lips, but it remained on' tarnished, It was as sure as that the child was dead, as that the schooner was upon the see, ae that the heavens looked down upon all, that she hbad recognised him and that her memory had therefore returned. Was i possible that the mad leap of the revitalised faculty from the tomb in her brain in which it hat heenlying dead had broken her heart? Sudden jrye, sodden griefs, have been known to kill, Iut think of the power, the force of the emotions which must have sweptinto her with lightning ewittuese when the courtain was dropped from her mind, and her lover stood before her! Minute after minute went by. CeOaseleasly the carate mrisetened her brow, chafed her hand, did what' he knew, with a prayer to God going up in evary breath that left him; whilst Hiram, grasping a stancheon, stood ereat, mute, and waiting. Once Fortescae fancied that there was a faint stir in the arm he held; is passed but it sot his agiStated thoughts trooping along another road. 'Sup pose, he asked himself, 'that when sbhe revives her memory will stillbe missing, that her knowledge of me shall prove but the momentary glimpse of a brain so wrought upon by the nerves that its operation for the onstant was like the control it had held over her when she walked in her aleep, and onswered me. knowing my voice, and pleaded to me visible to her sightless eyes ' A whole hialfholur parsee, as fall to the clergy. man of miseory as a life time of euffering could have contained, and to the seaman stead' festly and silently watching of deeper anxiety that he had ever falt in the wildest weather at sea. Then on a sundden they beard a faint sigh,. her fiogers switched, something of living colour entered palely into her white tips. A nigh cagam broke from her, this time like the reApiration of one dreaming sorrowfully in leep She opened her eyes, looked strangely about beer m though her rest had been induced by a powerful narcotic. uintil her sight coming to Mr. Forteeosne, an expression of wonder, delight, amuremeat, heightened In them, and she suddealy sat eract, crying yet amai with hands extended to him, 'Malcolm; lMalcolml My Malcolm lI SHe took her in hbls arms; he scould not speak; his 'ulln heart gave way and he wept wi'h his face against her cheek as he bald her to him. Captain Weeks walked to the onm. oanion and atood midway on the steps with, his head outside the hatch where hse was within call, though he could not hear their' conversation, and where he could anot as sentinel.. Fortescue mastered. his deep agitation after a little, hut until he did so she did not move, She felt his need of couoeeal lug his face while be strove with his tears and even in that marvellonu moment of the returnof her memory, and whilst still fresh and confused from her swoon, she soothed him with her cheek to hi., and left the sweest pillow of her shoulder motionless for' his comfort. But the instnt te stirred, as if to lift his head, she started from his embrese, and eiting his hands, fell back to the length of her arms with a long, eearniong, searching look at his face-a wondrous stare Mr eyes so soft end gensotle as hers to r, so fsll was it of estonishment, inquiry; ptestoertedollght conlicting with'incetdnlity and breathless amasement. ' Malcolm I' she said, in a low voice that thrilled ,with the feelings - which her syes leaked. ' Molcolm t' she repeated, in's tone that deepened as it sank towards a bwhisper, 'is is on dearest one ? is it son, my own, from Wytie? W here amI '<Thls t ' ship; it is not the 'island ' She 'looked 'slowly around, labouriog to mater the eeaning of whatbshesa, till she brought 'her eyes to rest again upon herltover. 'Malcolm,' she continaid; l'lelting fall his haod to pres her foreohed with agesture she 'hat 'often med since led' been on board the rchooner hamvela'bt sleeping! Do I still olep ane dream!' An ezpvesionofterror now awept morose, her 'rm".'ohtblitemtng ti bright mx pression of intelligenee, and she rolled her sybe'byseietially.,' Forteecue raw, the seek hefore him, "Ha had a wilt that had aerved him well on more than one oceasios. He exerted it to thrust down out of aimbh and emotions which had overwhelmed him, and his fine intellect weet swiftly to work to consider how he should sat, how he -aeoald 'deal -with the deli cate, bewildering, dangerous problem that Agath'e' condltlon of mind'aubmitted. The whole truth must trase her; he matt speak: with theba. utmost "caution, for' the preaent at least, since it was possible that thefatculty of mDemoy might prove week and' tretcheroan after its l ong nepr ; ad it was certain, at all events, that. her rdecet ewoon most to degree he enfeebled her. mind which would requires timse and the erowsh ow spirite ais hr, nd nstartid precepmtion of the happinaes that had som' bock from behind the il to rsover ita old tone'. 'Agatha,' he said, holding and caressing her hand. you haive pased thronugh some strange experiences; hut it is well with as 'hth new thanks be to Almighty God. Have no lear. All that has happened is as 'natural s sorrow is, or the shining of the an. m or the. darkness uon the eurth when the night,comew. YTour Clem seeewili. pt, sently see all.' She interrupted him.-.- n WMalcolm, abs Versand was burnt at ea, and I was plaed in a boat, the only woman in i-separated from my father. The boat 'wa, seere by she hoasewais of the ship, a man samed Archer, who dcring our terrible f nfferinge Psted me with noble goodness. We.er ched an usland. Tate amean aved me rom drorwning ; f.r the boat wee overret in the surf, and-and where u I now? Where ib theolaodl' Thean wae agin ' looer of cousteanabion and amanemmnt in her widat opes eyes. SDoe..ot you remember,'. e aid, gently, foping to coax tmemory alo g in her that I 'camre to fetch vou from tbe'leland irthui echoomr,. that I. lended and toned yon and ArehtP.op the Island, auh'oongbomnu#of'tq this vessel,' tellingQ you hat under - God's gnldasrel'hsd sough"'sad found you, asnd' thug we wets gaing. home, my beiovsd,'eoieg home' to desr old,;Wylo, end, to one.feteds shown, god to our mgyisatsý?.." ., hars to his lips bat seb bewllderment in 'her' 'fare arrested him and brought him beck to his resolution of galmnese and self contra?, 'No, I do not remember. You say you foond me on the Island, Strange-I do not of remember I' and be frowed' In the fierce an uath with t th h bs softly, gumesig the trsh, - tell mm to What he poot dome your memory carry ou.' us She took her bhand from hi, and leaned her temples upon her lagers, sbutting hot eyes. MlAt a ittu she sald slowly, and with he intensity : a ' I remember three moi on the Iland. to One was Arther; he was very good to me at Ha madea bed ina little cavern. He sopplledJ lm mz with fool ad water-such food M uld me he got-Caking can that I should never want I remember the dreadful nlonelines of tshoM dary. the oonstant thunder of the surf, that w, ould sound like a roauring of wild beasts g hen the night. was still. I remember Slig tI-o Ill ad dreading thabet f should s before help could come, aud that we sm should never meet again, M alcom; though IN I had but smal hops that we shoold be is resaned, for I often heard the men talk of the R. island being out of the track of ships-I is remember that.' s, There was a peo. She repeated: S'Ye,- remember that. What has hap' If paned since? Sr Down to this bshe had spoken with her Sr esai closed, bet when she asked the question it she lt fall her hauds and looked fOll at her Sr loaer,. For some moments he did not know it whbat to emy Is was as plan to him by her manner as was the sliver splendoor whichb lay upon h skylight r to his bat the it revivisation in her memory stoped short at n her soferings upon the island, brssing her down maybe-though ha dared not inqoira Sthat-to her struggle with the seaman, and d ber swoon oat of which she awoke with her mind biladed. All shinge thin side, Inoloding that struggle, were as dead to her as her previous pas had before been. He believed s so, at least be could not look at her saed doabt it. 'hie mysterions mechanism of the mind had shbited its burden of darkness from I onside of l to bthe other. Ist was a marvelloeus 5 thing for him 'o witness in her, and he felt a 5 numbones coming out of it into his heart, r when with the rapidity of thought be con Sdered that the reclrren of memory might be bot a posting pnsionlate effort of the sool I er it laped Into a blackness that should r. td as a lifelong eolipse of all recoliectmdn in her. Steadying his voice he said: My darling you have pasaod through so much, so much that is heartbreaking even to think of, it ii not wonderful that memory in mercy should hide from you a portion of the sufferingl of your shipwreck. Can you recall any oreunstaoe associated with our paei sags, so fee from the Island?'' She answered: SI do not aknow where I am.' SIf I tell you,' he exclaimed, 'that this Ie a littls satting veMrel beaing you home to Wytoe, can you understand mae' 'Oh, &falcolm;, yes,' she answrned, with a sweet smile. Do you recollet,' he inquired, * a French I ship asking us if we wouid take charge of a little baby that her people hid picked op at sea ' 'No,' she answetd, with a strained ea- x pression in her eyes. There was a shadow. I ifg of tears, too, in the grey depths, with a hint of renewed terror growing. He roke o ito the mencuncr be had comw mended, and cried out: 'Agatha, dearest one-some things have e happened which you cannot recall, but the true, the lovely, the sacred past is with you again, with you with all its love, and eorn' shine, and hopes, with yon as I am, I who sought and found you, though you knew me not, and for weeks have rot known me till tbhiL hour. It li enough for no, my precious onel God habee answered my prayer. You I know me-you remember me-ion can pro. nounce my name.' He flaung himself on bir knees, gras'ping her round the woist, gazing up into her, face I with eyes of moving adoration; while she, putting her hbads posn his hair, pressed her d lps to his forehead, and, speechlese for many moments, they gazed at each other as though in a trracs, amazement in her sleeping or awhile under the brooding emotion of joy, elowly perfecting Itself with the perception of the reality of bie beloved presence. Hiram, peeping down the companion wary, saw them thus encrosted, and elappig on deck told Stone to keep clear of the cabin for the present, as thoough, for his part, he did not know much about love-making, he didn't need to be told that Forteseoas and the lady were. mouch too interested in the talk they had fallen into to demire to be Inter' !opted. D.' ehe know him?' asked Stone. 'Like one o'clook, Bill,' responded Weeks. 'OGu him his nameelickoup in a voice like sinrin'.' 'I stwaar soid a little thing'ad do it.' said Stone. 'A little thiobghe watoo. Goda receive him I as affectionate in his death as a bolpangel, Hiram; for take my word for it, 'twas his lore and gratitood' for all I she's done for him as guy her back her memory.' The old man tent a wandering glance Into the blue distanose over the ster. 'Ye've made use of that fanoy afore, Bill, exclaimed Hiram, ' bus I don't rightly follow it.' Stone looked over the side for a minnute whilst hae thought. , Waell, .said he, ' I allow it's one of them fanoiae as must catch hold of lthbe onder' standieg atoce, because thery're too delicate for eiplanation. " There's a Rood many ides. as in bhst ief alone if they don't make them. selves inlelligible right oat of hand.' t 'Ave, thae may be right. onash,' said Hiram, ' but see here, Bill; I san's a' fool, mater.; and it a fancs plain to you I don 't , e*6 why itsbouldn'L be plain to me.' Now, old Stone exactly understood the fancy that habed seizrd him, but when he cane to trying to express it he was at a lose. As he would afterwards may, ideas frequently occurred to him wben he was lyinoin his. hbunk, or rowntly standing watch on a quietd night, which aremed to him full of beaty and poetry. They were In hbls mind, and he was able to think them out, yet he could to more have'ezpre'sed thein in words than he ( couald have transformed the reflection' of a star into the sar itself How coulo he make Hiram. a nderstand, having en lsngagtte''a whiteh to share the notion His conception was that the devotion of Agatha had been rewarded by the' baby' In his death; for the cating back'of her memory at the moment of the child's burial was like a " sodden piri'uhlling' of her, and aod's prtance cs having bos 'wondrously, visible in every b pauoase of the,. ttbodoau't, minion, 'wh i shood not a mlcadsB 'haoe bealnwrought throlug.the inltumentaliy of itbhe hbarns-a mifarle asymbolfaino' a 'oman's love and happimum speln naig from the asbee of' the nmeitss bawb e rid takn toher blindrd b bea' h and cherished? But Stone would 'not explain' He telt, Inded .that if he ehoahd actoptto do to he.mus flounder anrpe. hap' l stroy to himself the fancy. he we prld "arf,' and reckoned as beir - higb t poe'tlteca" it was his own. So heg ot rid ofbe'eubet' oy. asking Weaksl ihat Aoftha m bad ai whe. .jh aeork from 'he fa en, 'and 'thie 'ibdoeia haet shoot the I rlereymabo and tsl Fox, incidentf e ofrsha voyae, the time 'lly to be oaccupid inm t eartedg hAme, od sto forth,' which pet thde menelbow to elbow, andltthm patrolling a the deds withea eanse ofSunday sdtrong uon ai tbha,: oring theIr being dreoso n .their h bet dlotihes wbhlst the schooer, still off er coome,'pnshsbd awiftlw.lbroogh the'.daoltblua ti waters 'with lbs sahdows erer awaying ike uqdolomt pn' her dtck, aid in the shirIng ,m rotlows of her. ai, .., ' loMi our passd. Fordwrd the en s.,,,axlq drieiner, hIft~ed. moto theIr s old*ter rers aend were at 'thir vaione t Awploymrrt. ohe T ook woi sth 'lky eye i freoently ered oat of the galley in the hope ofintImating by. the.pexresaon on his h Dounisnases thatthe membia dinner wa fast I lN. John acms aft ande anted t kNow Ifa hehosids lay the cloth otbed* th orre chores to rsMaturicaetber fot the reat a of the day, Hirm wmuld moo have heat thsw Ih tietuibsi.,l· tls Ourteacu came em deck Hewe pale, but~there was alcoholpeace y. and quitr aladneem i. his fae. whieb beth 'Soeaiod. Hteam instantlyr notierd.' He 'attproachedihsoand said: ' · In WKe havre beeslfish~ enough to oaurypthe cabin to ions axelusco. .1 ndlla ~long parll thedninar hour,' 'Oh. doss's manilmn ibto't alr,' mall Hiram. ?dise Fox is now limea down,' con mon Ia ibm o'ergymen. ' 'I' 4oubt if sny air! sorerA went throluh mote thal seb has, yhyalcally I .snd'susnatlly.'' 'Shs'has 'tie meory, slr,' said Stoner,'l Ay, Hpr.''Ston,_ tank God she has her y memo.~ry, exfimed Xe,' Forbtscu, 'It bee nhretaseo her porfitetowra` to' iki 'dretdflo a: 'creenntaetn that canodd her' to lone it, hat ad 'lt that' baa 'happened sinc then sha c'moihgexdameSloe. '' Gerstladi abun~dant Wr~itoit Hrm''mlnEi k ,adeerttrand. """'' a .' Dhn'sstan rl~ iob~srozr omhtnto her on I i the island, sr?'Y cried Stone. .~ 'No.' a a Nor that whaling Job?' he conatnued. C 'No5' responded theolvypymon. It ma 'No the baby?: inaired Hiam, in a briathiwe was. . ry lie weedeaful - woedegfel ' exclaimed as itoeseae, olepior hi heands, aet ie isro. Sb remembers ncthing diwn to ere eroom. roiAg three ours o o. so b has no renolleotion a. of h baby nor of Its burial which bee fat At tahen place. I samems iccrleiha. I stepped into bee berth before she onered ittochaothe L aIl eamorulal of he poor lit one-happily. a Mr. touns, you bad eleedy removed the ri n sb-Mo that the llght onuctiose I put So her Stoeat the memory of the baby andd of otber L innidents coneocted with the ulbage from B the iSlnd. mihi at Irn o eanidtoanes to bt frig htenhrbyntoof of the thieg I epokse to Sher abot. I llsku, Captain Weekaed r you, Me. Scone, to make no rfetneeo to the d cbhid, nor to cupbinog which hae happened p since we left the hlano, In her prsaence. I b is beet that ehe should siowly valise thoe the e memory whrich oight to r gIo w eth a moew a month. in a blank. T en nothing to I enere bho In Shim, not t ealam me; indeed I would rather she holld hase the truth in in my own vsereion of It. I h i, I take i, a. .peolal art of God'e mesa: that the horrible incidesnt of her blaed lite hoantsld be idden so lrher for ver, end s a thing likely to keep a her heart sd it i well, perbep. Mr. Stone,' r ooking asr the old man with an emotion of SaffectIon kindlier in hi. ne doark oee. e tha Sthe memob once poor little baby ehoold be e saled from her. SBoth Stone nd Hiram knuckled their fore heade in recognition of ibeclergyman' wishee. t end chen Scone mid : 'I bhe has her memory perfet down So the I point yoo name, whet more could she need, or r, prowidhg, of conies, that she goel on ha o rom thies morning without any motre thore' only this.r' said Hiram, writh a I nervoe look aot and h beeiteatin glanhe ,around. 'if Mic Fox has got no memory tf nthm; bute a hpeoeeaiiuuho this here won ge, ehe'll never be able to Sappreciate the way we mode the island she wae coat upon.' nor the ealling of the Ic Golden Hops, end her behaviour in ail ott a of weather.' c d er 'Oh, but b sh will;' said Forteeure, o smiling. 'Her present memory will enable her to preserve the reoolleotion of what I tell m hrr toe chig the voae and that bing n o. B Crptain Weekseit i' llel my fault if ase doeae't fully appreciate the beasuty of thie little vessel, your asill as a navigator, and the f loyalty and high q ualitie ol our great-hearted on oid fuisod hare' end ha laid him band upon w Stone'e shoulder. a 'Well. eir,' cld Scone, lookIng on thou-b h this condescendlig sot of' Mr. Forteecne a would break him down. 'I can only may from the bottom of my soul I'm glad-I'm pi clad thinsa hare turned out as they m' have. aloways felt an chat a little thing 'ad m do it,' to 'Stone thinks the baby did it, Mr. For. M tacos,' eatd iram: co 'The lady'e memory,' observed Stone, a, looking down upon thL decrk. a comiog hock m to her at tbs nd! t when the little "' hammockrilobed oil the plank into the ft water, seemed to me am if it woe the gralitood of the binfant for stisFox'sclherisbing of him 'b that did it Hiram here don'tS ndertand.' W continued the old man, with a glance at the t skipper, ` buS that ain't my fault,' cc. I onderetod;' maid Mr. Foiceecue, thought. 0i fully, and obviously impressed with the rough et cailors fancy. so ' Well, it's beyond my laming,' extiamed at Hiram, sligbtly vexed epparently by tbs clergyman's ready apprehenslon of Stone's w nociom; ' but ehip'e fok'le ain't. much of a dollege, and so there's no call for me to lb 'pologice. Hers. yoo, Johnny I' he bawled, of 'hear a hand now with ihe cabin dinner, How's her head. Jim?' im The course was given. 'Hal' exclaimed Hiram, 'So she's G rome up to it. Bill,' maid be, turning to Stone, if the trades ain't humming in curm Bi riggng toe~nlghl von ebaLl call me a farwer, and watch me pick ms the hayseeda out o' my hI hair.' ('00 an rouT buxu,) a 