till. iiiiilVS UMBRELLA. BY P. W. BOBDi'SON. 1 did not feel so ! ..:; tDrly toward him after this. His niiiiiiw v.-.i-i --..?nuias, if too lurci ble and liuc::t lor everyday v.rear. I uiyht Lave .'veil than!:c-d him ior his e^i^jerattil interest iu myhunltii and said good ir.orjiin^, if I nud not suddenly rezuciaborod his sur rei-titious visits to iu3- lodgers' apartments. Then I was ndaniiuit, and he saw it. He vras certainly mi observant mail, whom very little escape:!, I noticed the broad anile disappear, and ho said, almost with asto:jsh '? Wliy, you're offended with me still!'' 'As I hare o:ily seen you once befor.; in my lifo, I cannot very vrdl speak of bein^ offended, Mi-. Bird— but I niust say' ? '?Kc. so, dor'- j c-r.v- ft,' he cried, interrupt ing me, 'uon't SiV a vrord more, please. I — I know it was a j.;;-eat Liiarf y— an unwarrant able liberty— but I eouliTt iielp it. I v.-ohiod to mto a little return for all the trouble aud misery I had brought about, and I couldn't think of anything else. I had just done it, you see,' 'Done what]11 I exclaimed, snappishly — I could have screamed at him for two pins. 'Wiry, the little bit of (.v.rvinjr — aren't you talking about thatf he inquired. 'Ko, sir, although I'll trouble you to re move the article from my premises as soon as you conveniently can.' I 'Oh!' i 'Butlom alluding now, sir, to your'un- i gentlemanly behavior in bribing my servants to let you inspect my apartments.' : 'I didn't bribe your servants, Miss Iveild. j Poor girls, I frightened them, but I did not | give them money as a bribe. You might have thought better of a fellow than that,' he said, very sorrowfully; 'although why you should I don't know exactly.' 'You had no right to co into my lodsers' rooms and search for that trumpery umbrella you lost.' 'No right!' he repeated. 'Certainly— no right' 'But one of those two old beggars has got it,' he cried, energetically; 'I'm sure of that' 'How dare you say this to mel' 'Who else can it be? I know you haven't got it,' he cried. 'I am sure your two ser vants are as innocent as babes unborn, and they were the only two besides in the house that night— the upstairs lot bad gone to Tun bridge for two days.' 'How did you know thatP' 'Oh, I made every inquiry,' he explained, coolly; 'and as the umbrella was a precious possession to me — I think I told you before it was a gift from my father on his dying bed — I made every effort to find out what had become of if 'And a very mean way to find out it was,' I said, with asperity; 'and — good morning.' 'Go-ood morning,' he said, in a low. croak ing voice, fie raised his bilious straw hat, dropped his telescope, which ho picked up find tucked once more under hi*; arm, came suddenty to a full stop, and let me go on my way unmolested auy further by him. When I had got a gcoil distance from him, I began to feel a little sorry— even a h'ttle in doubt if I had not been too hard upon him. He had appeared so utterly dumfounded by my last opinion of bis conduct, and he had turned of such a variety of colors. Perhaps, from his point of view, and with an umbrella, ?which had vanished fromeverypointofview, he was not wholly to be blamed. Perhaps the captain had — no, that was quite impos sible. Perhaps Mr. Goode — oh! I was getting as miserably distrustful as tins unhappy man. Yes, I was a little sorry. As I went off the sure what had become of him— that his im pulsive nature even had not led him to jump off the «~liff. Ho was all right: lie was a long ?way off— indeed, in the very place where I had left him — not overwhelmed or mad with grief and shame, as I had almost feared ho might be, but standing with his legs planted ?widely apart looking at me through his tele scope. When he saw I had turned he wheeled quickly round and feigned an inter est in the sea, knocking the hat off a bath fTinii-mnn just passing him with an early fare who had lost thu use of his legs. 'WeU, there is an end of the intruder, I thought, and I could have wislied — yes, I did actually wish— that I had been more of a young lady and less of a vixen in my re proaches to him I had been put out by his appearance at Margate, by his venturing to address mo, and had lost my self composure, but then a more obtuse and aggravating per son I had never encountered before. Not so very obtuse either, but very quick to take a hint and to guess when he was dis liked and his compaajr objected to. We passed each other twice or thrice a day after that, but he never ventured to speak to me again. Ho bowed with great gravity and exhibited extraordinary formality in taking off his hat, seizing it in the middle of the crown and raising it like the lid oil: a sauce pan, and there was no further occasion to flhinpt. tn bit; flTnnncurn crtiilo T4/i *t-nr. «, stolid, even a woebegone young man, with something on his mind. Had it not been for that e rerlasting telescope under his arm 'Ui could have imagined him a prey to th6 deep est rooted sorrow. I think he was the most sad when I passed liim in company with the captain who some tunes condescended to promonado with me, and the most angry when I was out with Mr. Goode, to whom I was a relief from the wear and tear of two boys wonderfully full of ani mal spirits on unseasonable occasions. When I was with Lily Brian, he seined to brighten np a h'ttle, and Lily was curious concerning him, and asked me many questions. '?Who is that good looking young ma™, Jane, who is alwaj's taking his hat off?' she asked one morning. 'He is a carver and gilder; I dont know him — that is, I hardly know him,' I said. 'He called once about something he had dropped down our area, and ho has claimed an acquaintance ever sine*1.' 'Then why doesn't he speak!' asked the practical Lily. 'He's much too quick with his speech; and It's a very good tiling he's a triilo quieter just now,' I said, sharply, and Lily looked at me and said, eagerly, 'Tell me all about i!l Is he' ? 'No, ho is not.' 'Oh, I beg your pardon, Jane; I thought he was.' An enigmatic dialogue, but we perfectly understood each other. And I hoped that I hod made Lily understand I had no interest In Mr. Bird, for young girls jump so rapidly at conclusions where young men are con cerned. Not that Lily was in the habit of jumping after young men in anyway— I do not mean to convey that impression. Lily was full of spirits, but a good girl in every respect, with not an atom's worth of the ordinary Margate jetty gii-1 in her constitu tion; not she. Still, curiously enough, I was deceived in and by Lily Brian. I had no idea sho could have been so cunning or so easily deceived. One morning when I walked down the jetty I found to my intense aston ishment Mr. and Mrs. Brian, Lily, George, the eldest Master Brian and Mr. Goode, all talk ing and laughing with Mr. Bird, and taking It in turns to peer through his telescope at Eome object on the far horizon. I walked up slowly, and with blushes on my cheeks, I am Bare, in my surprise. 'Jane, my dear, here's a gunboat,' said Mr. Brian, as I approached; 'Ibis gentleman has bean hind enousli to allow us to inspect It through his verv powerful telescope. Look hero, child.' Sir. Bird did smile a little, in a sheep faced and embarrassed kind of manner, as he glanced toward me, bat he did not say a word when Mr. Brian handed me tlie instru ment. He even let Mr. Goode focus the in strument for mo without interfering in any way, although I fancied I heard him grind ing his teeth. 'It's a capital glass, sir,' said Mr. Brian to tun. Mr. Brian, being of a genial turn, was always disposed to bo friendly with the first Stranger whom he encountered out of town. 'Yes, it's a good glass.' 'Had it long, sir; Yfouldyou like to dis pose of it nowf was the insinuating inquiry. 'It belonged to i:iy father,' was the reply, ?'therefore it lias not a money value to mo. It was his present v.hen I was oneand fcweaty, and I shouldn't like to part with it.' Another birthday present, I thought. Heavens, if he were to lose this too! ''Vfrtainiy not, certainly not,' said Mr. BnV.ii, 'I admire your good fiX'liiiK, sir. Geur;e, you her.r tint,' lie said to Iiisson, v.-'i!0 was lucking in iUifil sentiment, and was tit that identical moment suddug tho bare Jmob of his stick as if it v.-ore an egg. George nodded and then winked at mo. A r.;n;t objectionable lout was George, and Mr. i so tv.-Ji.'d ferociously lit him, and from . i to liiu. ? iiinn!d*jd the gunboat., or tried to inspect ; :ar the object glass was very misty with L:_le transparent worms that seemed to bo wriggling ana dancing all over it; I returned the telescope to its owner, who said: 'Thank you, ma'am,1' very quietly, and with his look of sadness highly developed again. Still ho remained remarkably nonobtru sive: he did not attempt to force his conver sation upon me in any way, and presently he was walking down tho jetty with Mr. Brian, and talking and laughing as if he had known him all his life. I thought all this was a new and deep laid scheme of his, but it was really Lily Brian who was at the bottom of it all, or who at least induced her parents and brother to say from that day 'Good morning' to Mr. Bird, and even to shake hands with *?'' Hence I was obliged to say 'Good morning' also when he directly addressed mo, and to be come by degrees on speaking terms with him again, and almost to forget that umbrella question which had been a bone of conten tion — a whalebone of contention — between us. Not that the umbrella was off his mind in any way, for he had been introduced to Capt. Choppers on one occasion— by Capt. Choppers' express request, as that gentleman wanted to borrow his telescope — and to my astonishment I heard Mr. Bird say, five minutes after the introduction, 'You see, it was not for the value of the umbrella, but because of the associations con nected with it. I hope you understand, cap tain.' 'I understand perfectly,'' was the reply; 'but that was no reason why you should have kicked up such an abominable uproar, sir.' Capt. Choppers had borrowed the telescope, i and was now dominant and rude. , The time was drawing toward the end of the holiday when Mr. Bird and I were friends. ! I may remark, actually friends, although I i will say very firmly, and despite Lily Brian's j opinion, nothing more than friends. Mr. Bird's holiday would expire a few days before our own, I learned, and, though I would not have owned it for untold wealth, I was Bony he was going back to London. He had in formed me of his position by that tune, and of bis prospects for the future, or of some of them. He had given up the business, and his father's business before himJ of carver and gilder in the Goswell road ; he was very clever at his trade, I felt sure, for he had been of fered the post of superintendent of work by an eminent firm in Oxford street, with whom he had done business for years, and at a very respectable salary indeed. He was exceedingly communicative the last day of his stay in Margate; we were sit ting together under the shelter of the veranda of tho refreshment room, with the band play ing out in the rain. We were alone for a wonder; Uie Brians were on the rocks in search of anemones, with the exception of Lily, who had left mo half an hour ago, with an injunction to come home if it 'poured,' and with an umbrella to shelter me, as I had ventured out without my own. She had seen —having very sharp eyes of her own— Mr. GeoSry Bird advancing down the jetty,and had made some trivial little excuse to leave me 'to give the poor fellow a chance,' as she told me afterwards. And there he was sitting by my side, cool and comfortable, and with l'jq rain coming down in big drops and start ling and confounding the pleasure seekers. 'I shall be quite the gentleman soon, Miss Eeild,' he said, with a laugh, 'and with e. soul above shop keeping. I only want a few friends about me to make life worth living, out 1 nave never naa any menos. xiever had tho time, or never saw anybody who was wortli taking any trouble about, -until — until lately.' I could not reply to this. I did not know what Ue meant by 'lately.' ?'People never took to me, either,' he con fittsed, ruefully; 'I nave a bad habit of spiking out what is on my mind, and I'm inquisitive and suspicious at times, and so forth. Altogether a beastly character.' He waited for me to reply to this. I had thought him abrupt and inquisitive and sus picious, but that seemed a very long time ago now. He had improved wonderfully of late days: there were little traits of charac ter, of frankness, earnestness, generosity, one cou!d.ahnost admire, but I was not going to loll inVi so, though he waited patiently as if he expected something of the kind. As if men were not vain enough in themselves, without being told of their accomplishments! 'You would not like anybody to say that but yourself,' I said, however; and it was a remark which did not commit me to any thing. 'Kb. I should knock him down, prob ably,' ho replied, 'especially if it were the captain or that railway goods inspector fel low.' 'Don't you lite them?' 1 asked innocently. 'Do you?' he rejoined. 'They are old 'friends, almost' 'You don't make your lodgers your friends?' he remarked. 'Sot always.' 'I should think not,' he said, very scorn fully now. 'But these two gentlemen knew me whenl was a little girL': 'Ah, that makes a difference, I suppose: that's why they are both so fond of you,' he added, with a sigh. 'Fond of mef ' 'You might marry either of them tomor row, if you. cared to hold up your little finger; I can sao that.' ' What nonsense !' 'Oh, it's true enough,' he cried. I laughed. 'Then I shan't hold up my little finger.' 'That's right,' he said; and he actually slrew a long, deep breath, as though it relieved him to hear me say no; 'for that captain's a pompous old noodle— a selfish party, who's stuck to my telescope a whole week — and tho railway man would fidget any woman out of her life in a fortnight' 'What's the matter with him?' 'He's an old woman, that's alL' 'Upon my honor, yoir xrt very uncompli «ientary in your verdict upca my lodgers.' 'I hate your keeping a lodging house,' he muttered. 'My poverty and not my will consents,' I answered. Ho was very silent for a long time now. The vigors had hurried homeward, or had sought shelter like ourselves, the band had ceased playing, the rain was coming down in earnest. 'May I ask a favor of you before I go back to London?' ho said suddenly and very hoarsely. 'What is it?' 'Will you say 'yesT 'Not till I know what it is abput,' I re plied, with spirit, 'certainly not' 'Well, then,' he cried, 'don't give me back that little bird I carved. Yon said you would, and it 1»bh been preying on my mind that it will come flying back some day when I least expect it and so upset me terribly. I want it hanging on your wall, to remind you of mo sometimes, you know; being a bird like me, you see, it must And though our acquaintance did. not commence auspiciously, still you have forgotten and forgiven, havent you?' 'Well — yes — almost' 'And you'll keep that little carving?' 'Perhaps I wilL' 'Bless you, Jane— Miss Keild, I mean. And now' ? I was getting alarmed at his vehemence, and very much afraid of what he would say next I jumped up. 'I think I will go home to Lily. She's all alone, poor girL' 'But it's raining cats arid dogs.' 'I don't mind the rain, and Fm fond of cats and doirs,' I said, tripping from the j shelter and struggling to open the umbrella I which Lily had lent to me. 'You have caught cold in the rain before : now,' he said, dryly; 'do stop a few minutes j longer.' 'No,' I said, shaking my head, 'I would rather not.' 'Here, let me manage that thing for you, ? then,' he said, making adash at tho umbrella, ; opening it and holding it above my head 'if ; you must run away; but you'll get very wet' j 'Tvo got my waterproof.' i 'Yes, but — oh, Lord!' ? 'Wliat is the matter?' I exclaimed, as ho . turned very red and white, just as I had seen ? him on the fort, only now he looked at me as if I were a ghost and my spectral appearance had frightened him. j He did not reply at once, and I cried: l 'Oil, what is tho matter? Aren't you well? ! Won't you tell me*'' ! 'It's all right; that is, I shall be all right j in a minute.' he answered, in quite a newand ? hard tone of voice; 'don't mind me.' j 'V'iiat can it be;' 'I tell you it's nothing, Miss Neild,' he said. '-Don/fc tako any notice of me, please. I had rather you didn't.' ; It t-.as a strange request, but I did not I ; maintained a rigid silence, being a, little net tled presently at his own silent movements at my sid.?, his stoady stare ahead of him, the st*.vji uxpr. -;.:.ja on his I'aee. Ho murciaud aloijy iii .vi .L,;-jvii :mil dumb it 1'a.shioa at last thiit lt_'o:!i-l hive slapped his face for him. IVhat did iifi mean by such behavior, I won dered? At the end of the jetty he brought my heart into my mouth by suddenly roaring out: 'No, I'll never believe itl It's magic, it's a lying dream, it's anything but this I I can't believe it of you; Vd rather jump into the sea than think of it for another moment.' 'Think what? Good gracious! why dont you tell me?' 'Think that you have deceived me all the time. You, too, of all the lot of them !' 'What have I done, Mr. Bird?' 'This— this umbrella,' he cried. ; 'Well?' I I:lt_it'sthsuuibr8llaldroppeddownyour ' areal My father's present; I can swear to it anywhere. They're my initials on that silver ', collar, 'G. B.' Oh! heaven and earth, to fancy for one instant that you — Miss Neild, : I am going raving mad. Look at it, look J at it!' ? I stared from him to tho umbrella, which j ho had thrust into my hands, and felt going ; ' mad myself. I looked so terribly mean and I guilty, and yet I was so perfectly innocent, and I did not want him now to have one thought against inc. I was confused; I did j not know how to explain; I felt too indig- j nant in the midst of my grief even to try to j explain; for he should not have jumped to I conclusions in this way, but have waited, ] and then I burst into teans. 'Oh, pray dont cry,-1 he called out, 'for mercy's sake, don't, Jane; I don't care about tho umbrella now, I don't mind your tak ing' — — 'It's—it's not mine!' I screamed out at last 'It was lent me by LCy Brian, because she thought it— it— it would rain before I got home. There 1' 'Thank God! What an awful thief she is for one so young,' he cried. 'I am. so tre mendously glad, though, so awfully glad' ? 'Take your umbrella,' I cried, pitching it at him; 'and I'm giad it's found, too, very.' 'I don't mean Fm glad I've found it, but that you' ? 'How dare yon enspeet me ? Icried, sweep ing majestically away from himj but he fol lowed me and held the umbrella over my head again, and overwhelmed mo with hur ried and incoherent apologies, which I de clined to accept 'Perhaps it's not mine,' he said at last-. 'Pray be rational, Miss Neild. 'B' stands for Brian as well as Bird. Is Mr. Brian's Chris tian name George, do you think?' 'Dont speak to me. You know it's your ombrella.' 'It is a little like it,' he said, dismally. 'I don't want any miserable evasions, Mr. 3ird, and I never want to see or speak to you igain, and I' ? 'Why, Jenny, what's the matter?' cried Lily Brian, suddenly appearing round the corner of the street, and under another um brella, and with a shawl over her arm. 'Where have you been? Ma was afraid you wanted more wraps, and has sent mo out with them, and— how d'ye do, Mr. Bird? Who'd have thought of seeing you this wet day?' 'I've offended Miss Neild,' he said, not smiling in the least at her arch manner ol. address to him. 'You! Oh, what about?' she cried. 'Tiiat nasty, hateful umbrella,' I said. 'Where did you get it, Lily? ohl where did you rot it?' 'What's the matter with the umbrella?' asked Lily, very cool and self possessed. 'It— it's not yours!' I exclaimed. 'It never was yours!' 'No, it's George's. He lent it me this morain;;.' ... 'And where^ — where did your~brother get itP 'I don't know.' But wo did very shortly. George had f cur.- i it in his father's area, and, with a total di^iv^;inl of other people's rights — being yomrj and short of umbrellas — hadquiotly r?;-:n:)rhted it without any fuss. It was l[)i' ?: merciful dispensation having his ini tirAj already engraved for him, too. Yes, it vras raira Mr. Brian's area that Mr. Bird had 2ro:)p--d his umbrella that night, and Geoffry hn-l knocked at the nest door by mistake. I ca'J bid Geoflry now. And a very lucky mjstsko it was, ho always says, even to this acy, ,-ir.d I havo been Mrs. Bird three years, 3R.-1 ibere is another little Bird crowing in its aest, too. 