VARIETIES. ~ T • Back from the Grave. A MAN BELIKVKD TO JU5 XUHDEIIKD JtKTUItNS AFTJ3U TKN YEA113 TO CLAIM HIS 111UDK. Tho following tulo, which, if tvuo, is remarkable enough to servo as (ho foundation i'ui'ono of tlio stories of tho day, linn beensont from Brownsville, Ponn., under duto of August lltli. As tlio writer givos liisniuno . tlio communication was doubtless made in good faith. and is liero reproduced, and the render may take it cum yrmto sulk or not, as hu chooses: No moro dramatic seeno was over onnoted on the boards of any tlieatro tlian one which occurred at tho residence of Miss Eflie Wellesbyi back in tho country some two miles north from hero, to-day, when her formor sweetheart, Harry Lynton, whom she had mourned as dead for ten long years, suddenly uppoared to claim her as her bride. In 1878 liffio Wollcsby, then swoot sixteen, was said to bo tlio prettiest girl in Pay otto county. Hor fathor was wealthy, owning, besido tho largo farm on which he, lived, extensive and valuablo tracts of coal, lumber and oil lauds, und also having an interest iu sovorul steamboats. Of eourso his fuir duughter (lid not, lack for suitors from many of tlio brut mid wealthiest families of tlio county, lmt of them all hIiu chose I lurry Lynlnn, tlio son of a imiir coal minor, who followed his father's vocation, mid liail no other pr<ispcet than that of doing ho all bin life, though possessing lintiiril intelligence far supurior to that of most men of hits station. Tlio linos of caste and class dial motion aro not very closely drawn in tho rural society of this rogion, and tho young people mot at a picnic, where thoy immediately fell head over IicoIh in love with cadi other. When John Wollesliy—a man noted for hid violent and uuguvornablo tompor—discovered Kllie's passion for tho poor minor his anger know no hounds, ire ordered tho young man from hishouso and threatened to kill him if ho ever again, found him iu tho society of his daughter, while ho commanded Miss Kflio to immediately transfer her affections to a young win of wealth and social position who had lieen vainly endeavoring to win her smiles. Tho lovers wore not to lie so easily bullied. They arranged clandestine meetings andspent many happy hours together in a grove of grand, old, forest trees near Eflio's homo at times when John Wollesliy believed his daughter to ho sleeping the sleep of happy girlhood in her cosy room abovo his own. Well blowing thathor father would novor rolont, Kflio at length consented to an elopomont, hut before it could ha carried out an unfortunate uceidont marred all. Her father discovered tho truth. His suspicions were at onco aroused, and looking into his daughter's apartment ono night after she had ostensibly retired, he found it unoccupied. Sallying forth in search of her, ho oamo upon the lovers in tho grove. A dreadful scone ensued. AVolleshy taunted tlio young mau with the inferiority of his position, and charged him with wishing to marry his daughter that ho might livo without labour upon his father-in-law's moans. Lynton spiritedly resented these insults, and tho elder man finally struck him a terriblo blow with a heavy eaiio, and lie foil, apparently lifeless, to tho groiuul. , Helioving that ho had lcillocl Lynton, Wollesliy seized his fainting daughter, boro her to tho liouso, laid her upon her oouch, looked tlio door upon hor, anil telling his wife what lie had dono and hastily collecting a few nooessarios, ho mounted his best liorso and lied. Nothing was hoard from him until about a year aj^o, when a lotbr 'was received from tlio superintendent of a charity hospital in Montreal, where ho had died a poor outoast, Tho letter inclosed his will, in which everything ho possessed was loft to Ellio, who had continued to rcsido at the old homestead with no companion save a widowed aunt and tho hired help who carried 011 tho farm, her mother having died soon aftor Wellesby's flight. Nothing liad cvor boon seen or heard of hor lovor sinco that fatal night, 011 whioh hor fathor struck him. Shu believed him dead and that her father, before taking flight, had returned to that dreadful spot and buried tlio body of his victim ; but all this slio and her mother kopt looked in their own breasts. So to-day, when, as sho sat with hor aunt 011 tho piazza, a tall, bronzed man entered through tho garden gate, came up the gravolled walk, stood bol'oro her, ami gazod intently into hor eyes, she thought for 11 moment that it washer lover's ghost she saw, and not tho real Harry Lynt.m, for iu tho mature man of HO years slio instantly recognised her boyish admirer of ton years ago, to whoso memory slio had been true through all that long doendo. It is easy to imagine what immediately followed, and tho rent is soon told. Lynton had been merely stunned by Wellesby's blow, and on coming to himself lio liad registered a vow to prove tlio injustice of Wollesliy'a tanuts by novor marrying Eftto and never oven seeing or writing to her again till ho had made himself financially hor equal. Ho startod that very night to work his way to tho Pacific Coast. Thoro I10 shipped on board a vessel bound for Australia, whoiico ho drifted, first to England, and thenco to South Africa, whore ho finally brought up at tho diamond mines. Thoro, after a scries of adventures, and financial ups and downs that would furnish material for a seoro of Ryder Haggard's novels, lie at length secured a claim that proved a rich 0110 ami that lie finally sold for enough to buy all his intended father-in-law's possessions two or three times over. Thou he started 011 a beo-liue to his old homo and Effio Wcllesby, whoso constancy ho novor doubted for a moment. When noxt Harry Lynton disappears from his sweetheart's viow it will bo to go to Uniontown, tho country seat, for a marriago license, and EfHo Wollcsby will becoino Eflio Lynton beforo slio's a week older. Tho sun will never shine on a moro charming brido, for in tho maturo in omau of twenty-six. tho dominant radianco of sixteen is crowned by a pensive loveliness that makes it evou more beautiful. 