AGR'EAT. WRONG ; OR, THE MYBSTERY OF BLACK " HOi1 LOIV GRANGE. \------- s**------ BY EMMA GARRISON JONES, Autnhorof "A Terrible Crime,.' "A Sooth. erns Prinsr," "Ruay," "Thet Missing C:HIIAPTER IV,-(CoNcxmeunr.) "M y *edding day I', repeots Lenorn,'tos. sing aside 'her' book" and stroking iljou's 'silken lears' "I'm sick of the sound of, it already.' 'Dear; dear, I do wonder where the barbarous custom of; marryingu"ad being given in mnarriago over originatedl ?" " Why, i the Garden of Eden,'to be sure," laughs Sir Geoffrey. "' '"1 :only wish' it had' ended' there,' re. torts his ward. "Pray, Sir Geoffrey, ring the bell and l'il have Olotilde come and dress me." Sir Geoffrey rings and bowe' low to iis wardi as if she were indeed a'queedtand him. self hgr nost.'dvoted subject; , And 'within an hour a largo',pnrty leaves .Lyndith'?liall for th? Scottsh ills'! ,' ' 'bSir Geoffrey's party have beeh in the neigh. borbood of 'theo baronet's shooting.biox'some days before Lenoru sees her way clear to no. .bmupish the object she had In view, when she plannedl, the excuraion, It is 'a glorious morning, the air pure and' bracing, the sunshino lying warm 'and golden over the purple moors and shaggy bills., M 'iss Trevethon is out for along walk. She paeses, ankle-deep In yellow gorse, when the blue smoke from the shooting.box'fades be. bind the line of black firs. '' Clotildo," addressing her attendant, 'we are out of sight of the whole stupid party now} Sir Geoffrey hli 'gone deer.stalking; Lady Malstead has sprained her foot, and tihe day Is grand, My opportunity has come at last- il'm going to ltlack IIollow Grange." The woman' looks up, with a sudden start, her sad, worn 'fac growing a shade more ghastly? I,:,' A strange creature to look at, is this com. ipanlon of Miss Trevothdn's-a creature upon whom 'the' bllght of some'awful crime, or 'terrible sorrow, must have fallen. She is not ,much past her prime, yet her abundant hair is as white as snow, and there is' a. curious look lnher introverted eyes,n sphinx.likoe mya tory In her froen face, that suggests the con. ?dition of a' somnembulist. ' \- But Miss Trevethon is quite fond of this, her:ghosty companion, for since her naril. eat. recollectlon, Clotlldo' has been with hersllke her own seadow, and, we grow to love the' creature with whom we have been longfamiliar, no matter how ungainly they may, be, - c Lenore loves this woman, who follows her day and night, with the dumb, watchbfl de. notilon of a dog; and If at times, growing ,impatient of hepr constant survelilance, tihe young heiress treats her unkindly, she is sure to repent tio monite alter, anl be?g her par. :don, which Clolildo readily grants. For, Sdespite her sphinxrfnco, the poor soul is ton. tiur apd gentle, and' devoted to her lovely young mistress. , th ilack Hollow GI range, Mis Troyo. The words fell huskily fron bhy ashon i'" Black Hollow Grange,"' repeats Lenore, with ,a doeiatt laugh., "It is over yonder .ruomwhere, in the niidst of those black hillsl I shall be sure to find it I There, hold your ,peace, lotildo, I know what you won1ld'ay, I know 4ll about the gruesoma old hoqse, ,shut up sines tCe asy anti hour of that awfui murder-l'-ve he,,rd all about the ghosts, ?nd nll that, but liu goinglnevertheleos. I pyflt go," and sihe brings down her pretty foot with decided emphasis, " I've longed to see the place all my life I think of it all day and dream of It at night; I have a notion, Oilotilde-I have had ever since I heard the .wful story, a strange notion that if I can get Into that old Grange, I shall find some clue- n, t Miss Lenore, for' the loe' eof qopven, gsbhl' ' , I'And, wherefore? Why, Clotlldo, you always are ghlostly to look at, but now your face Is like chalk, anlyour kneos shake under you. 'What's the mattor?" ' " Come home'Milss' Treveohon, I implore you I" '" "Not I i' 'My oplporttunir has come, and 'I've waited for it too long to let It slip. 'I'm going to Black Ifullow Grange 1" : But Sir Geoffrey-if he should find SMiss Trevethon anaps her slender white ,flagenrs. ! Sir Geoffrey won't eat us. I've asked him dosens of times to let no visit the old plsoet buthe always frowned like an ogre, and said no. Bodid Lady ]lalntead. They don'teven know. that I'm acquainted with the. awful particulars of my poir mother's murder and my father's strange disappearance, but I am, I know tihe whole story from lbeoinning to end i old Klisby tul mo everything, What an awful thing it wee, Glotildol" :Her fresh young face whitens as aste turns It toward her compalnlion, and a shuddlr ruins through her lithe frame. SYoes, en awful thin, blMiss Lenorol you sboulld never. have heard it, anti you must not think of it now. Come, let us go back," ' "I wont; I'm going to llack Hollow Grangeo. As Isaldl the notion haunts mothat once there I shall thut some te by wiclah to . ?lve the rnysitry of omy poor father's fate. ' I had this object solely In vlewwhen lulanned this excnrsion ; fo'r' once I have? o'utitted Sir Geoffrey, Come, we've no time to idle the station cannot be far away. We have the day before us, and even If we do not succeed in getting back to.night there will be no great harm done.o Will you come, Clotilde Doyou hear me ? Why, then, do you stand and gape like anidiotl" "I can't go, Miss Trevethon." "Do you mean it, lotildo ? Can It be pos. silble that at last, for once in my lifo, I am to be freeo of your shadow?I lam rejoiced at the prospect, assure you, and I bid you good morning I" The young lady turns on her heel with a scornful laugh, but Olotllde's tremulons touoh detains her.. "I beg your pardon, Miss Trevethon but I havo'trled to make myself usetaful to you all theso years," lHer white lips quiver and her eyes fill with tea;r' Poor, desolate soul, bereft as she has been of every earthly tlo'and forced to endure a living martyrdom, the one solitary comfort of her wrotched life is her love for her young mistress. , Loenro sees the 'pale In the poor meek face; and !istantly repents of her dnkind' noes. " "You have been useful, my poor Olotilde, and I wouli not be without you for worlds. Thero forgl e' me, and do not take my'silly words to heart," ' . . .She gives.hor a cnrreasing lant bo:'the cheek with her slender, suft hand, a shie con. tlnuosi''., . "Come, now, we are: friends' agcain..We should never fall out, Olotildo, if you would only keep in mind the feat that I alwaysado have my way in the and i and certainly It would be wise to permit me to have it in' tih beginning, and' thereby save your brdnth, "Miss Lenore, I cannot go. For thd love of heaveon, do not think of visiting that awful place I" " ' . Miss Trovethon's swift anger blazes up afresh. " Why not ? For fear of encounterlng the ghosts of my poor mirdered. father and mother ?" she demands., "Ileaven send 1 might see them I Alive ordead, In the body or out, they would be most welcome.' iWhy, Clotlldo, you are actually shivering.' What a coward you must be.' Or, perhaps," ash adds, struclk.by a sudden thougli t, "you know something of that terrible mystery? I have long wondered what secret you carry locked up In your heart. It must be a dreadful one, judging from the look of your face. Is Iteon. ernlng the mystryof Black Hollow Orangel Can it be pisslble, Clotilde, that you know something and have kept it from me all these yearsl?" " ' The woman whitens until her face' Is like ashes, and she utters a piteous, gasping cry. .. " "Oh, Miss Trovethon, how should I know? It is cruel to think I do." " Lonore throws aside the hand thatolutches at her arm. " " Perhaps it Is cruel,'.' she reples a;" ut, then, it you know rnothing of the mystery, you need have no fear of the ghosts. Once for all, will you come with me or not?"' "I cannot." "Then I shall go alone" ,r "Oh, Miss Lenore, atop I You most not. Sir Geoffrey would be sb angry," ' "Sir Geoffrey,'s anger can nooel:; Stand aslde, Oothlode I" ,..I Sho pushes liar companion out of the way andi walks rapidly onward, not deigning another wordor glance. Clotilde f1llows;.wringi?ig 'he hands jiln an agony.ot distress. ; Lenore goes on at:a rapid pacei" Seho ha .made up her mind to visit lilack;IHollow Grnnge at' all risks and in the teeth of all opiusition ; and, like all her race before her, Miss Trovo;thon has an iron will. i.'rsently the shrill shriek of a locomotive greets her ear, and she sees a thin cloud of smoke curling over the summit'of a brown hill. The train is coming. She quickens her steps, her heari throbbing with' pleasant excitement, A turn in the road brings her in sight of' the way station, with its red flg. fluttering in' the breeze and she succeeds in reaching the platform just as the snorting engine comes up. "l'assngers for Piedmont," shouts the conductor. Lonore has no desire to visitPledmont, but shlr sees the blue highlands` beyond, and fancying that Black Hollow Grange must hbe somewhere In their midst, she determines to go 0n. ' With an olastic spring she o'etaboarnl, and the train' thunderon on just na poor, panting Clotlilde comes up. " lisda Lenore 1Miss Lenoret'" she shrieks, but'the roar of the wheels drowns her fran. tic cry, and Miss Trevethon, looking from the window of her carriage, nods and kisses the tips of her white fingers, no she is whirled away. ."'What shall I do 1" moans the woman, wringing her hands. "IIe'll take my life If he ever knows. Oh, what shall I do?" ?eanwhile Lenore flies on, over miles of golden gorse, and purple heath.hloom, a strange sense of liberty thrilling her, The young lady removes her jaunty hat, and lies back in her sent, while the breeze stirs her tresses into a mass of riotous gold. Heiress and bride.elect that shi Is, she fnlid her life insufferably l1ll anil stupid. The constant adulation pond homage of men aind women, has grown to hbe an oldl song, of which she is tlhorooghly weary. "I wish I could run away," she repents, watching theio flying hills with dreamy eyes. ' I have half a mind to try--rn away and seek my fortune, as the heoroines in novels sometimei dou, and leave all my possessions to Sir Geoffrey. I suppose, hqwover, he youuld'follow me, and ftelh me back to iarry Riolhmond.' pear, 'depr, how awifully stupil it all is-this marrying business alovo qll. It really turns evsiek to hink of it. I sincerely hope that Ilc hmond may be ship. wrerkedl I" ' "I'lodmqot Station I" She sipriggs to her feet, nnd adjusts her bat and tlmbled tresses, ' "*If you please, sir," slie inquires, as the codhtctor iands her out, ?is there a place anywhere near hero called ie4ck HIollpw Grange?" The man turns round'and looks at her be. fore lie replies t ., " i "Yes, miss, there 'Is; the ' Ifnaunted JManor,' it is called nowadays." "'reciaely; tthat's the place I mean. Vill yon' hare the kindness, sir, to' tell so tie distance, attd,In whqt dirget!or it lies ?" " " Or yonder, miss, thelther side of thnbs blue peaks, td. the left a matter of a coupto of miles perhaps, and a pretty straight road. ut begging' yotr lpardon, milss,; you don't thinkof going there?" "Yes,"sir, I am certainly going to iho HIouinted Minor,' If I ean find ilt end' I'm mudchobliged to you." SP'erhaps you doa't' kiow,mliss, thit the manor's been iloeserted this ten year, and moro, and folks say 'tis hainted 1" aenlnires the conduetor, with lthe very best inton. Yes, sir, I know all a6bt It. Good. morning I"' Lonoro trips away, whilo a dozen heeds protrude from the earrioe wlndvwsand many pairs of eyes wate helr with staring Suo lhurrles on, more detrmlned tlhan over to aceonnplish the object she has In sioew. BShe ihas walked a full mile, anld thie attn he passed the onlith before she comes.in slight of a single dtwelling, or thie lnast slen of clvi. ioledltlfe. At last, in a green hollow beneathl the hills, sho sees a small hut, In front of which an old wuoman sit knitting,. Lenire sla growing weak from fatigue anid hunger lence she detelrmines to turn aside and buy adraiuglht of fresh milk, nd Sfind out If she Is pumlicng the rigllt way. The old dsne rises np at hlier opproach and prolffers hter a sent, which tihe girl glndly no. crpls Icct she hadl scarcely removed her lhas and pushed back ier damp hair, when Lhie woman utters a sIhrill screoch 58 "'What lilt, good motherr" questions Lenora.. . - "Thae aints protect us I" cries the dame, with uplifted.h ands affrighted eyes ; one would take ye for the lovely murdered leddy herself, come out of her winding sheet. Are ye a ghost or a living woman ?" " A living woman, and a hungry one, too," laughs Lenoro. " my good creature, what do you mean ? Surely you don't take me for a ghost?" ' Nay, nay, but y look loike her, the poor murdered .leddy uas sleeps In tile. illack Hollow up yonder. I eon her wi' these two eyes,the blessed night afore,abhe 'wsmur dcred, a walking up and down the terrace, her yaller hair all a streaming; and the flowers on nor breast, and you be as like her as two peas," (To is aonsaned.) 