ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &C.; On Saturday night Mr. Warner, at the Princess's, added Hamlet to the list of those excellent representations with which, for some weeks past, he has been delighting the public of thiB city. PerhapB no two characters could more completely have de monstrated Mr. Warner's wide range of capability than those of Littleton Coke and Hamlet. Reasoning according to fltage rule, it would have been warrantable to aay that excellence in the one direction precluded the supposition of entire competency in the other. No doubt experience is against such a mode of conclusion, and the most authentic traditions of the stage furnish examples in proof of great tragedians being also excellent comedians. Those who remember Brooke appearing in Othello and O'Callaghan on the same night, will readily accept the declaration that the tragical and the farcical in acting Bometimes verify the aphorism of extremes meeting, and Mr. Warner's Hamlet and Littleton Coke, although not bracketed in the same bill, are BO near to each other in succession,that they supply points ot contrast : confirmatory of the belief that the same generic quality serves as material for both tears and laughter. 13ut without instituting i any comparisons at all, or indulging in any reflections upon the variability of human emotion, and taking Mr. Warner's Hamlet simply as an example of the true conception and the intelligent working out of a poetic crea tion, it is impossible not to be filled with ad miration of the work presented. It must be at once remembered that the mode of represent- i ing " Hamlet"at this epoch is widely different < from that which was considered to be the rule ? 40,or even 30 years ago. In John Kemble's time ; "Hamlet" was regarded chiefly, if not solely, as a means of elocutionary display-a poem to , be recited with more or less of duly regulated action, the emphasis of every word to be as regularly rythmical as a piece of clock-work, and all the traditional " business" to be ob- | served with theimperati veness of an inexorable ? law. But for many years we have changed all . that Even actors belonging to what, for the : sake of distinction, we call "the old Bchoql," , have a good deal modified their manner in < accordance with the .newer method and the better estimate of the character, and it may be said at this moment that a Hamlet purely of ' the JohnKemble school would not be tolerated j on any etaice. Necessarily,therefore,Mr. Warner belongs to the school of which, in England, j Fechter may be regarded as the first repre-" > fient&tive;, and bia Hamlet, therefore, speak- ; ing comprehensively, is a living thing instead , of a rhetorical abstraction. It may to admitted , that,consisteutly with tliehabitof all humanity . to run into extremes, there has been occasion- \ ally committed the mistake of confounding , colloquial flippancy with natural ease, and so ; there have been Hamlets of the colourless , conversational kind, but it need hardly be < Baii that ths just mean lies between this limp ineffectiveness and stilted declamation, j and that Mr. Warner'e representation is amost , excellent example of the tu medio truth. He ( has read " Hamlet" with an honest desire to ; understand Shakspeare'g meaning, ant} the . result demonstrates the success ol liis quest ; Hib Hamlet is essentially humanj a creators i witjiaset purpcee, but an irresolute will; < yearning to perforin an act ot regarded duty ; ( not lacking in courage, but wonting in readi. | neas. " The readiness is all," and it is juet < in respect ot the attribute of readiness where < ne fails. All this Mr. Warner makes clear, j and bo he obtains from the audience the re- < spouse of sympathy, without which no < dramatic representation ever produced its < legitimate effect ... ? It would necessitate a controversy to re-open tue oft-mooted question of Hamlet'# asnity. i ine beet critics and the ablest psychopatho- 1 loKtota ®re Btill: in dispute thereon. One I authority hM- formulated it, that" Hamlet is ( insanely eane with 1 ucid intervals of sane in- 1 ' ?&.»»» question upon which every ' onaksoeariftn etodent will haw on ©pinion, J no.will argue for any length of timein rap- j Wrtofit This may beaaid, that if Hamlet < 0 , considered absolutely mad, then is i we worw one great lunatic asylum. If Ur.. i i l ^ '^'^atttKHightfttlnesi with which be 1 pjf- Clffcrlf ^PPWched the study of i .!«*-# * «amiet ao >«» j conventional trammels, so absolutely re* pective o£ a possible original, so real £ tran ?cppt of an ideal conception, that it practi *WJy and thoroughly jefutes the dogma that obakspeare can be better understood in the library than the theatre. It ip a Hamlet to ten»mber with gratitude, pad to serve aa a standard of comparison lor other Hamlets thatjnay come after it But, 01 ai sic omnes, of all the rest of the cast It may be there is not a real Shakspearian company in all the colonies, but surely there should be ah approximate one. And yet Miss Watt-Tanner juade a most dignified -Queen, and Mr. Fiemming a more than satisfactory Horatio... But neither nature nor any discerning management ever intended Miss Morris to play Ophelia, and although Mr. Ryan might have been suited for the King when Richard son's Bhow was in its glory, he is like a re markable fish on exceedingly dry land, now, when he plays the character. Mr. Vincent, probably, has his own notions of the Ghost. Whether they, are shared by anyone else is a question. Why, as the spirit of Hamlet's father, he should resemble an old "woman in a brown stuff gown, a faded Paisley shawl, and a grey poke bonnet, is quite inscrutable andpast finding out Mr. Gates, as Laertes, reminded one first of Joseph, who wore a coat of many colours, and next of a robustious undertaken The Osric of Mr. Hoyte was a good deal like the sugar figures on a Christmas cake, which always look as if they were on the point of toppling over. Mr. Clitherow, as Polonius, presented a re duced edition of that courtier, and his eos> tume seemed as if it had been put away a long time and the moths had got to it Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are always re presented as Guys, and they were more Guyish than usual on this occasion, thanks to Messrs. Hambro and Marsh. Mr. J.~L. Hall, as the first Gravedigger, was chiefly remarkable for a very dirty face; and Mr. Alfred Phillips, as the Second Gravedigger, was remarkable tor being only a little less dirty. The properest man on the stage was Captain De Burgh, as Bernardo, who looked, and spoke, and walked like the military per son be was supposed to be. Miss Lyater appeared to be well pleased with herself as the Player Queen; and Mr. Hoyte-in the bills Mr. Henry-as the Player King, did his mock royalty with credit to himself-and to Shakspeare. The scenery was of all dates. The management, apparently, desired to offer the utmost variety. In the ghost scene the trees in the foreground appeared togrow out of the battlements of the castle This arrange ment represented an interesting departure trom customary arrangements. In the grave yard scene about two pecks of earth were thrown out of the grave, and the age of Yorick, judging by bis skull, mnst have been about eight years. j At the funeral it was a matter of dpnbt, whether the bearers carried a body without a coffin, or a coffin without a body. The goblets, in the fencing match, appeared to have lain i' the earth with the skulls for a long time. Speaking generally of the costumes of I the supernumeraries, they were suggestive of extreme thrift But then in these enlightened I days managers know better than to ruin) themselves by an extravagant outlay in the presentation of so effete aplay as "Hamlet" The French company at the Masonic-hall changed their programme on Saturday night to the comedy of " La Joie de la Maison," which has been known to us here for many years as " The Little Treasure." It is the story, as as everybody knows, of a mother-in law who, after some manoeuvring, chiefly by the spoiled child of the family, is extruded, and the huBband and wife, after 12 years of separation, are united. The Bpecial interest in this production was represented by M. blanchet, who played the young lover, and whose rare and peculiar humour kept every body extremely merry all through the piece. This gentleman is a veritable bene factor to all dyspeptic people. It is impossible not to laugh at him, and yet he never appears to be trying to mnlro one laugb. Hjb facia! expression iB absolutely irresistible. He has remarkable eyes, which, if even he did not speak a word, would convey all the meaning of tjhe situa tion. M. Marsay played the husband with a dignified composure, and with such real feeling as was required. The less consider able part^f Oscar, the " gent " of the story, WAS made appropriately prominent by M. Mario. Hademoiselle Dermancourt, although not personally quite suitable to the character of the spoiled child, played with both spirit and intelligence, and Madame Raymond and Mesdemoiselles Linange and Rachel fulfilled what was required of them in the parts of Henrietta and Carolina The books Bupplied to the audience, price two shillings each, cannot be considered dear, for they afford considerable amusement apart from what passes on the.stage, owing to the humour ot the translator, who is quite a genius in the way of selecting 'words which xemind one of the old game of contraries. But for this quality of malappropriateness, the charge would seem excessive The management is very thoughtful in having provided in this way a sort of Peiit Journal pour rire. On Thursday night two new pieces were given, -namely, "Monsieur Ooq-Heron, 1* Avoud," and "Le M&itre; Corbeau." Both of these have been given in an English form in this city, but not recently. They are each of them trifles, but exceedingly pleasant trifles withal. In the first the interest centres in M. Blanchet^who in consequence of a flower pot tailing on .his bead from the upper story of a widow is first angry, then interested, then fascinated, and finally «n caged. His perfect humour carried him triumphantly through, and he was well aided hy MesdemoisePes Jiiwige and Rachel.; The title of the oth»r explains its story, which is in effect the fable dramatised. The chief work of developing the interest rests upoij u, Marsayi with whom If. Mjarchaud.po operates, and kMpa^up^o Mw^ fiW^vto <£e end. afternoon there wilkfcea maiinte performance, and "L* Job da ta poison".will,be jrepe&ted; and in theeven ingtheperformanaewill bean$wone. . AttheTheatre itoyal on Saturday night,; Mr. Holt reproduced "Taken from Life,"a drama which he made familiar to us some, years ago, .and which he has now cast so aa toenaare its progress on the stage with great satisfaction to those who witness it. As will, be remembered, it is full of startling sitna tions, sopie of them of a very detonating kind. . Of the; latter: ,is the blowing -i^p of Cjerkenwell Prison, which stage effect is; managed with- much circumstantiality pf detail. As before, Mr; Holt plays, the amusing rogue, whose subsequent contrition procures for him complete in demnity in {every well-regulated . mind., The heroine in the'hands of Miss Thomas served to demonstrate again the intelligence, and ^earnestness of this lady, who may be regarded as standing alone in the possession i of that sort of power which grasps hold of the sympathies of an audience and makes j them forget everything but what is passing. before them. Mr, Charles Holloway did hiB; work entirely well as the chief yillain, and] Mr. St Lawrence maintained his reputation aa the humorous man of an imperfect' moral sense. Miss-Oliver, as the comfort able woman of the story, made many friends; and.little Miss Frederics, as that sort of boy yon cannot help liking, was quite in the right place. And of Mrs. Holt, Mr. Anson, and Mr. B. N. Jones, they acquitted themselves in the best fashion, as might be expected of them. To-night, at this theatre, Miss Carrie Swain will re-appear in the piece in which she made her first essay in Melbourne some months ago, and the occasion will be special ised by the introduction of real water on the stage, for the purpose of permitting Miss Swain to exhibit her swimming Bkill, in which she has earned such celebrity as to have been the recipient of several Humane Society medals for saving persons from drowning. Miss Ada Ward, on Saturday night, at the Alexandra, revived "The Octoroon," a play which, during SO years, has held a good place on the Melbourne stage, and which is confessedly one of the best-con structed of melodramas. Long ago Miss Ward showed how naturally she can enter into the spirit of the slave girl, who with the brand of racial degradation upon her, has all the instincts and intelligence of natures anthropologically regarded as nobler. MisB Blanche Levis played Dora, and not only played it, but looked it, so as to justify all the allusions in the text to her personal fascinations. Mr. Donglas developed a new attribute as Salem Scudder ; and Mr. Ens sell presented a ragged Jacob M'Closky ; and Mr. W. 6. Carey, if out of his depth some vhat as the Indian, never was fairly sub merged ; and the other Mr. Carey, to wit G. P., was well placed as the other gentle man of colour, and little Miss Palmer as Paul, althongh confessedly small for the part, made up for bulk in brightness. The two coloured ladies, Dido and Grace, were graphically illustrated by Misses Maitland and Greenlees. Last night at this theatre Mr. G. P. Carey was to take his benefit, and the programme was to include "An Old Master,'' an act from "Leah," readings by Miss Ward and Mr. Carey, and the old farce of " A Bilious Attack." "Hans the Boatman" at the Bijou is having a prosperous run, and deserving it. The operatic performances at the Opera house have been somewhat thrown out of order by the illness of Miss Sherwiu, whose place in "Maritana" had to be taken by Miss j Fischer, and Miss Fischer's by Miss Hester, j In "The Bohemian Girl" Miss Fischer has sustained the character of Arline in place of Miss Sherwin, and Miss Hester that of the Gipsy Queen. The arrangement proved,'upon the whole, satistactory. The novelty was, of course, represented by the dtbul ot Miss Hester, who was found and acknowledged by the audience to possess an excellent contralto voice and no little power of dramatic expres sion. The other parts were for the most part not incapably tilled. On Thursday night Mr. Stockwell took the part of Thaddeus, and confirmed all that has been said of him in respect to his vosal capabilities, and he gave Buch good evidence of his histrionic competency as to encourage the hope that he will tank well and highly therein. At the two minor theatres, to wit, St. George's-ball and the Victoria-hall, the pro grammes iiave presented an agreeable variety, the specialty at the first of these being Messrs. Perry and Griffin, two droles of fairly considerable powers; and, at tbe latter, of Mr. and Mrs. Empson, ft lady and gentleman who some years ago held a good place as ex ponents of a certain kind of vocalism and dancing -appropriate to variety entertain ments. Thtere have also been presumably attractive performances of a miscellaneous sort at the Hibernian-ball and the Temperance-hall. At the Athenseum-ball on Saturday night j Mr. Joseph Gillott gave the second of the , aeries ot concerts, tbe first of which was . given , about three mouths ago; in theMasonic-hall. Mr, Gillott then eigna- j lised Ms departure from the usual mode ot concert-giving' by making the occasion one of instruction, by the issue of an annotated progroin^ae which ,' w^s in itself so complete tbat it could hatdly)ielp evoking a parti cular interest in the several works performed. As on that occasion, so on this latest, the principal items in the programme were en trusted to the pupils of Mr. Gillott, and it is only bar* justice to say that tbe Misses jffannah Leyy,. Emily Johnson, Lily, Minnie,. and Amy, Wiseman, Jessie M'Farland, Frances Hansen. Mary Btenan, Mary Boyes, and Beatrice Levy, acquitted them selves in the several difficult pacts with jff^ch^^ey^ wew entrusted with, a. b$UW«W ^i- W ^Pttracy which entitled them toitroat pr»5ae,«nd their instructor to warm congratulation upon the success of bis method and discipline. The vocal por tions of the programme were well supplied by MissMitchell, Mrs. Joseph Levy, Miss Kate Maher, and Mr. T. W. Thompson. The accompaniments were consistently well famished by Hisses Mary Brenan and Frances Maher. . Here Pabst commenced A second series of J concerts on Monday night in Glen'a-rooms, and the special interest of this occasion was the circumstance that the whole of the music was of Herr- Fabst's composition. The pianoforte portions of it were executed by himself and Madame, Pabst, and the vocal parts by Mrs. Palmer and Qerr Dimmer. One composition was ot excep tional interest in that the portion which, under ordinary circumstances, would have been sung, was recited by Mrs, Nelson, a lady who has not hitherto been known to the public. While acknowledging the excellent quality of the lady's speaking voice and her intelligent delivery of the words with which she was entrusted, it is not from the purpose to congratulate Herr Pabst upon the incep tion of a practice which may be followed with advantage on many other occasions. That is the employment of musical accompani ment to spoken words. Upon the stage, as need hardly be said, dramatic perform ances are not seldom rendered additionally interesting by properly regulated setting of this kind, and the method is one which, when used with judgment, may be made to i contribute very greatly totheenjoymentofan audience. Mb Guenett gave the last of his present series of popular concerts on Wednesday afternoon, in the upper ball of the Athe naeum. The two quartets performed were severally that ot Schumann, in A Major, op. 42, played by Messrs. Weston, Curtis, Zer bini, and Reimers, and that of the leas known Gotz, the executants being Madame Tasca, and Messrs. Weston, Zerbini, and Reimera. The solos executed by Madame Tasca were Beethoven's andante in F Major, and Chopin's fantasia in F Minor, op. 49. The vocalist on the occasion was Mr. Little, who gave with judgment, if not with much force ot expression, Schumann's "Erl King," "The Almond Tree," and "Thou Art a Flower." The accompaniments were sup plied by Mr. Guenett. Next week the 100th concert will be given. 