? (SKIT YORK SCS.) During the first three years of my career us « detectîre 1 h»d so*ne singular jobs given me t» work on, and tiie maimer in which one of them was *r®rk.îd, awl the developments of the case may interest the reader. About three miles outside tlie limits of a large city in Pennsylvania stood a large fann-Iiouse. There had been a murder committed there, and whisky bad played havoc with an heir, and the house liad stood vacant for three years before I saw it. The farm had passed into the hands of a New Yorker on a mortgage, and lie seemed to hare forgotten all about it. Naturally enough tlie ay of ' haunted liouse * was raised, and presently you could not have hired a neighlwur to enter the house in the day-time. There were people living within a quarter of a mile of the place, and by and bye they began to tell some queer stories. On two occasions parties of three or four went out from the city to stop in the house all night, but in each instance they were driven away by strange noises before midnight. I lived in a town forty miles from the haunted house, and consequently heard nothing of it. I had a case against an absconding treasurer. He had the funds of a large and prosperous lodge in his hands, and got away with 3,000 doj. belonging to it. Ile furthermore borrowed aliout 2,0WdoI. of his friends, and got 900dol more on a forged draft. This occurred in a town about thirty miles from the haunted house. The defaulter had bought a railroad ticket for Chicago, and had left behind him as if by accident, a parcel addressed to a party in Garden City. It ought to have been reasoned that this party was he under another name, and that lie had gone to Chicago as fast ii- strain o>uld carry hitn, but [ reasoned just the opposite. lie had gone without his trunk or clothing, but when I came to overhaul his things, his landlady figured out that two clean shirts several collars, a stout pair of boots, and an old suit i»î clothes were missing from the house. The boot; and old suit had belonged to a border, who died months l<efore. There were three highways leading out of the town. I worked two of them without success. On the third I soon found a farmer who had seen a foot traveller resembling my man pass on the evening he had al»scouded. Five miles further on 1 became positive of his identity. lie walked all that night with only two brief halts before midnight to enquire about roads, but once on his trail I soon picked up plenty of pointers. The absconders name was Kelly, and he was a keen, shrewd fellow. He had j'hmned the embezzlement and escape week? abend, and he followed out a regtilii;- jir'iun.iiiiii''. He left town dressed :it a laborer, and «ami»;* a valise. He had a light felt hat, si black felt hat and ii cap. and about once in ten miles he exchanged liis tiead-gear. He was a smoothfaced maL, but he had provided himself with a goatee and side whiskers. I thus heard of him once as a smoothfaced young man, wearing a cap and having one arm in a sling : next as a vituiigisli man, with a goatee and a black hat : sprain as a full-whiskered man. wit ii a light haf. 1 confess that 1 \v:is badlv puzzled, and about ready to il'-'-;>:iir. when I came to :i f:i mill v. li< TO he had stopped to dinner. lie was then smooth-faced and wore cap. and claimed to be an agent for a windmill company whose rights had lioeii iiii'nnged on, and who were taking .-te]~ to eulL-et royalty. Wheii Kelly eiHt'ivJ the kitchen for dinner, a hired boy <color, who was not pennitif.3 to eat with the family, was left in th« sitting room. His curiosity r-?g::rding riie c.intents of the valise wn- aroused, and he picked the lock and overhauled them. He was careful not to say ruytliing of tin's to the family, but when I came along '.»n my errand I soon discovered that he had a secret. The si:;ht of a silver piece loosened his tongue, and he told me of the hats and falsj whiskers. Virer that 1 had no trouble ; n following Kelly, no matter what disguise he assumed. There was a direct highway from the town lie left to tlie city with the haunted house, but lie did not keep it. He would branch off here and there, and make a half circle to come back again. One or two nights he slept in barns, and so I lost tracks of him for a few hours. On anotlier occasion his feet became sore and he lay by at « tavern for two days and then I actually got ahead of him. Wliile the towns were only thirty miles apart, Kelly travelled all over 100 miles in making the distance, and was twelve days about it. I followed him mile by mile, ai d, owing to a severe storm, was thirteen days. I traced him into one suburb of the city and there lost him, and, though I had the help of three or four local officers we could get no further tiace of him. At length we heard of a person a hundred miles away who bore Kelly's description, and I was about to start after him when I overheard the following conversation in a restaurant :— ' So the boys who went to the haunted house got a scare ? ' 'An awful scare. I guess a new ghost has taken possession.' ' What did they see or hear ? * ' Saw doors open and heard groans and various other noises/ ' Well, it's funny.' 4 Yes.' It may seem strange to you that I at once decided that I had located Kelly again. It was quite probable that he had known of the haunted house for years, as its fame was widespread, *nd the fact of a new ghost showing up fust at this time îuade me suspicious. That night at ten o'clock, accompanied by a local detective, I visited the place. It was a rambling big farmhouse, situated twenty rods from the highway, and the ground around was grown up to weeds and bushes. All the windows were broken, and some of the doors stood open, and a more gloomy place I never saw. We entered by a rear door, and found the floors rotfng away and the plastering crumbling off. We push»! on to the sifting room, where the young men had stationed themselves tlie night before, and here found some block % of wood to sit :-n. There was a doonviy leading into the front hall, but tae dot,r was g-:« \ 7!ie:v was a doorway to the pnnc:.-. and the door was partly ajai. A- v » 1 >.»i;t-d into the parlour, I «wuiii the . r :•< siid fm, and kticv. from the i:i- '- .it «Ii.-.t tae hinges had Wen fiesiily <••! -d When we came to in-|*>ct the cellars , we found little bat cobwebs and dust, i Each t»î us had a lantern, and inspected for himself. At one corner of tlie cellar Ï found au old ovstei can in a queer position. I» seemed to be sticking to tlie floor aln>ve, but after a close examination, however, without touching it with my hand, I made up my mind that it was held there by a cord. I said nothing to my companion about this, nor about another disc-;very made in the front hall. At «ne spot where the plaster, was off from ha» to ceiling. I caught sight of a wire behind the laths. This led up and down, and the lower end was probably attached to some object. We did not go upstairs. The front stair had never been finished, and the back ones were so dilapidated that we hesitated to tread them with oui weight. By eleven o'clock we had taken our seat in the sitting-room, eyes and ears alert, and ready for any emergency. There was no lock or catch on the door opening into the parlour, but it was shut. The two win lows opening out of the room had been I- >arded up. We placed our lanterns in a «-.irner, and as wc watched and waited the room was in semi-darkness and the house as still as death. It must have been near midnight when the performance opened. We suddenly caught the faint sounds of music, and tiie sounds lasted for two or three minutes. I was jierfectly satisfied that the sounds came from a jews* liaq». My companion whispered that two female voices were singing, while a guitar played an accompaniment. The music had scarcely died away when the parlour door opened as noiselessly as the swing of a coffin lid. I was perfectly satisfied that It was the work of human hands, but I WAS startled. I had not said that I expected to make an important discovery. When the door swung open tiie man started up in alarm and whispered : • Great Heavens Î Let us l>e gone ' " I put my hand on his arm, and waited for the next move. In a!»out a minute we heard a tunic ! tunk ! tunk ! on the cellar stairs. I knew the sound was made by the oyster can being lowered a few inches from the floor and drawn up again by the string, but my companion rose to his feet, wheeled half round, and whispered : 1 Look out for yourself ! The cussed thing is coming up out of the cellar ! ' ' Keep still—listen,' I replied, and when the can had "tunked" one for each step the sound ceased. Then the parlour door slowly and silently swung to. As I have told you, I was dead sure that all these things had been caused by human agency, and yet I felt a creeping of the flesh, and my forehead was damp with perspiration. The detective with me was as biave a man as ever took up a tn.il, but such was the effect upon him that his face was as white as snow, his teeth chattered, and he clutched me and pleadingly exclaimed : ' If wc stay here another minute we are both dead men !" I sat down and drew him beside me, and as I did so the parlour door ojicned again, anil from the front hall came groans and sighs and dull sounds of a struggle. I ki.ew that the wire I had seen was being worked behind the laths, but my companion could stand no more. He seized both lanterns and 1 had to go along or be left in the dark. When clear of (he house he made a run for the highway, and I found hiui on the further side of it when I came up. •• Wnat's the matter ?" I asked. My nerves are all gone." lie gasped. " I wouldn't stop in that house for all tlie money in the State !"* I was satisfied that all the noises had been made by human agency. S une one had taken possession of the house, and I had a feeling that it was Kelly. It was just in line with his other sharp tricks. I did not tell my companion what I suspected, nor what I intended to do, but I had all my plans laid before morning. The old house was two and a half stories, and whoever was hiding there was likely to be iu the garret. It was also likely that this garret was reached from the second story by a ladder. If that person was Ivelly, or any other sharp fellow, the ladder would lie drawn up. or anyone showing his head above the scuttle would receive a rap. If I got a squad of men and surrounded the house the occupant might get off in some unknown way, or find a hiding place unknown to us. If we failed to find anyone the whole city would hold us up to ridicule. There was no window in the garret at the back end of the house. It was hardly daylight before I approached it from that direction, entered the place with great caution, and hid myself away behind the kitchen stairs. I expected tlie occupant ef the garret would comc down before noon, but he did not show up. It was a dark and gloomy day at fall, with frequent rain squalls, and about 2 o'clock in the afternoon I crept up stairs in my stocking feet, entered a room near where die garret scuttle was located, and began playing the ghost for someone else's benefit. I had brought along a mouth organ, and I sounded and hung on to a few lonesome notes several times over. Pretty soon I heard a slight movement overhead. Then I took a fiddle string, made one end fast to a nail, and when I hauled taut I picked the string with my thumbnail, and sent forth complaining sounds, and I added a few sighs and groans. The sounds above me became plainer, and I knew that someone was listening at the scuttle. I gave him a few more notes and scratched on the wall and floor, and in a few minutes a ladder was thrust down from the scuttle. A few deep -drawn groans on my part brought a man down the ladder, and as he reached the f«»ot of it I collared him. It was Kelly. Ile who had played ghost on others had himself fallen into the trap. He scream - ed right out at sight of me, and he did not get his nerve back until I had him outdoors. He fully believed for the time that a spirit made the sounds. The case was ablmt as I had figured. He had planned to come to the house, and he intended to remain there several weeks. He had affixed cords to the to]) of the parlour door to swing it. and had arranged for all the soin-!- we heard. If I feu elafi ! felt ivrr ^.cepish as d an off set, and w.'it»n -= > ;ocneed to two i years in State pr^on for bis. in* said to nte : "It tin's that I «^«caught, i that ï wa- ouf.titt"d and luimb Why nu.». ï had that whole plan in my Lead for months, and I'd bet- a .hundred... to one that I'd get safr off. «lust think what a foal I was to take up quarters in n haunted lioase, and then let some one piny the ghost on me !" 