Br Qui VIVE. AT an curly hour on the looming of the G9th anniversary of her Majesty's birth, a small cont indent of looul sportsmen assembled at the Ztailway Station for (ho purpose of visiting the Jericho Races, and at 7.30 the mixed train proceeded to that place at a very slow pace. Rather too slow for our excited sportsmen ; so much eo that when it Arrived at Buck Crock a threepenny *' two up school" was indulged in, to drown the excited niiuds of those on board, while tho onrino took on it« usual tmpply of water from the tank. At every lcngthsman'6 camp the train stopped to take ou families who were bent Jjjkmj a day's outing, and by the time wo reached our destination wc hud quite a largo crowd. The train, however, reached Jericho at the ap pointed time as set by tiwo-tablo (11 a.m.), where a goodly numhor of pleasant faces waited to greet the fairly numorous visitors and lovers of sj>ort. Upon arriring our con tingent dispersed iu all directions to take up their respective places of abode, and aftor indulging iu a little soup and water, most of them " padded the hoot" in the direction of the racecoursc-about 1± miles from the township. As wc catnc to the place laid out as tlie course my first glance fell upon a few comfortable little bough sheds, one UBcd as steward's room, and another as a booth, which wn* superintended by Jfoftiss Doyle, of the Temperance Hoarding House, on accouut of Mr. 0. Furbcr. Opposite the winning post stood the judge's box. This structure also acted as grandstand on a small scale, and gave shelter to n dozen or eo of the Committee. A few members of the breeches and boots gentry were seen leading their " ncddics" round the track, making a general inspection, as the posts were iu some places scarcely visible at any great distance, owing to the clumps of timber. The course WAS a peculiar piece of patchwork, and con sisted of sand, liard metal, and crusty black soil, which nat urally made the running heavy, and caused such vcrfv stow time. At about a quarter past clevon intending spectators were observed coming like a flock pf sheep, and in the spuec of a very short time therowasa large gathering. Mr. 6. U. Williams, of Alpha, ably conducted tho unpleasant post of Judgo. Ifo had very little (rouble in deciding his judgmcntwith satisfaction to all concerned, as all the wins wore oasv, q> o *pt in the Welter, where Archer heat Aladdin by about half*a-hcad. Mr. R. T. Ooodson fill* filled the jtosition of lion. Secretary, and was very obliging in that capacity. Mr. T. Cain officiated as clork of tho scales, and gave every satisfaction. Mr. J. Doyle inado a very efficient starter, having but three false starts throughout tho day, and gotting his flold away on rcnarkably equal terms for every race. It is not often you see a starter at a oouutry mooting have BO few falso starts, and go! Iiin horses away. ou *uiih even (crmn as tliis gentleman. Therefore 1 give him a special liue of praiM), Deforc ] go 1'uitlicr I will m&kc; mention of tlw fnet. thai this Club Tqgwlered iwdcr llio (f.T.C. rule*, butiUc notification whe received loo late fur publipuUon. Thereby a number of hortcs wore deprived of theopporiuuiiy of notum* atiu£ in due time, which was the eaut-c of liavmg such a limited number of competitors. The first nice on the programme was the Maiden Plate, -which Jack Ryan won ou (Shamrock in a'oommon canter. The neat was a welter weight for age, and our John, again in the pigricin, showed that hi* right hand had lo»t none of ite cunning, nnd landed Archef a winner, after a most des pernio atrugglc, in front of Aladdin. Bo h those hordes, being die only starters, kept together from the jump, which was an extra* ordinarily equal une, and although Archer showed slightly to ndvuuta^e at the back of course, as observed through the timber, it wajL. a touch-and-go on the (urn for home; hut Archer, gamely responding to the call of* the whalebone, evenluully won bj a short head. Ahiddin was reckoned upon ae a dead certainty for this, and hud there hecn any books on the ground, a few pound* would have been in their uocketa, After three two events were decided we took to the refresh ment room of Uo&tCbs; Doyle, where a few hungry mouths gaped upon the good things oprcuti out; some that had not been & meul Place the evening previous. A SDceinl lini* i* also due to this lady, who deserves great; credit for the manner in which she conducted the table, and for the pood things provided. I way say, without doubt, that 1 hare not seen a luncheon to equal it on any other course iu the district. The inner man *ati& (led we resume our posts for oilier conLu*^; but while digesting iny late meal 1 take leave of watching the busy crowd. 1 could not find any of the spieling fraternity about^ not even the 14 tray bro«d.«," or un 41 Aunt Sally." Owing to the difficulty of procuring proper jockey costume the rule relating to same was not rtrietly enforced. Some riders were dressed in colors but uo riding-breeches or boots, some with top-boots with tweed and moleskin trousers, some with red socks (*ub> etituting top-l»oots)i and &omc; with jockey J breeches and no boota. This seemed a verM peculiar feature iu the duy'e programme, afl provoked an amount of laughter. rJ^| titockmun's Purse was a 44 dead bird" for Gleeaon's Bilabon, who dodged in an winner by three lengths. -The Jejj^| Handicap'was the worst run of the day^H,^ Delaware lead by about six lengths all the way and won haitl held. After weighing in, the owners of Delaware and Shamrock fvv ranged for a match to take place on ifio j following morning; t-mile, 10 ft. up, for £10 * aside, and a deposit of £5 was put up to bind the match. Particulars are annexed. The Hock Race wu an easy win for Uilaboa. A Consolation Handicap was then nut on the programme, for all beaten horses, and was dragged off by Aladdin. This horse did not run up to expectations at all. JJc seemed to be very 41 off," and dead to the world j no spirit in him whatever. Quite a contract to when he ran at Baroaldiuc. After the Con I solution had been run, and the winner de 1 elared, a pony race was soon got up by those I who owned ponies. By this time the numer ous spectators wcro moving for home. The Vonv Race was a common cautcr for Mr. Furbcr's piebald marc, Lovely. Beyond a * * few friendly growls no (junrrcl aroee among the crowd, and t he Club is to be congratulated upon having such un orderly assemblage. Thus ended a very enjoyable day's sport. The following are (ho results: Haidkk PLATS ; 11 mile; flsovs.; wJju Mr. J. Gleeson'fl b g Shamrock, aged, 9 st. 1 lb., (luchiding 3 lbs. over weight) (J. Eju.ii) 1 J.Conway's chg King Cole, 4 yean, bet. 41b*. (C. Ltllymnjj) 2 W. Blouun's br g Bunirise, aged, 8 st. 12 lf>s. (A.CaUoott) H Only three starters. The ting dropped lo n very good start. Surprise was the first to get away to the front, nud led past the post. At tho bock of tho course Shamrock came up and at the half'mile post gradually drew away. Here Surnrfrc fell back, ulJowing King Cole to move a run, hut the latter could never sight Shamrock, who 4< waltzed" in a winner of about four lengths in udvance of King Cole, Surprise IxqUg. about- ?? distance from the latter. WSLTEK'WBIOBT voaAoBEiCSof 6 nova,; 1 mile. Mr. A* Emerson's brg Archer, agod, 10 et. 11 lb. (J. Ityoa) 1 J, Conway's blkg Aladdin, aged, lG«t. 12 2b. <J. UuTvey) 2 Mr. Conway's bg Whitefoot, 4 years, u]ho nominated, but. did not start: only two faced the flag. Aladdin went out at 10 to 5 offered but no takers. This was a very excit-ing raco from start to finish. Both houses got away together and kept an such until a few Jcugths from home. Alter a most, dof^mlc strugglo Archer was lifted a short head in advuncc of ." Aladdin. StOCKIUlK'S Ph&BE; ot 4 «OVB.; 1 mile ; 10 8i. Up. Mr. J. Gloeson's dig Bilabou, a., (*ilira, over weight) ... ... ... (Owner) 1 J. Conway's cli g Khur Cole, Syr. (J. Harvey) 2 C. Slrotborii'e b g VaJonttiio, a. (J. Skathorp) 8 O.M. "Watson's ggfitceltrap, a. (Owner) 0 After one false, Mr. Doyle got the field away to a good start. Stceltrap mu (lie first to procure the lead, with Valentine and King Cole close behind, while Ghwon kept his chestnut in Clio rear. This position was tin changed until tho turn into the »t might, when ttilabon challenged the field, and with a great dash of pace came in as he liked. Time-2*4. JERICHO HANDICAP» of 15 ROVS. , with b. sweep of 5B. (or second borne; 1J njiJes, Mr. G. Skuthor]>'s b g Delaware, o» 8st. 7lit. (in eluding 7 lb. over weight) (F. Boliinn) 1 A. Eiuersoii's krg Archcr, ft., 0st 7 lb. (J. Ryan) 2 J. Conwuy'fi brg Aladdin, Out. 2t»lb. (J. Hnxvey) 3 Shamrock also started. A couple of fulso starts and then t hey're off. Delaware ruidied to the front and was never caught . Archer and Aluddin kept rcry sveli toother, with Shamrock a bad fourth. Time-2-59. Hack EACE, of 2 sovs.} I tnilo. Mr. J. (Jleffiou-'fl Bilabou, ... (P. Grant) 1 P. Cunning's Surprise ... (A. Colleott) 2 J. Conway's King Cole ... (0. LLUymius) 3 Seven horses fneod sfn^»n» w:»>.-«<. a liitoh the field was got away to a good start, Surprise leading into the straight, when Bilaboa camo with a rush aud won by ubuut half-a-length. Kiug Cole a bad third. CONSOLATION IlANmnr, of 3 govs.; {mile. Mr. «J. Conway's brg Aladdin, a., 10 st. (Harvey) 1 W. Bloxatn's ch g Wax, iu, 8 st. (C. LUlriniUi) 2 P. Canning's hr g Surprise, a., 9 st. (CuJIcott) 3 Aladdin went to the front and won by about two lengths from Wax, same distanco separating second and third hone. PONT BACK.of 30*.; initio. Mr. C. Furlfcr's ]iii ui Lovoly (C. Lillyiuan) l Rose and LoUy uUa started, but had not a ghost of a Mioxv will* Lovely. Off wo once more to the town. Hells arc heard in every direction, and very little delay wits made in responding to thcijC-biiils. After consuming a hearty luctil we digester and have a look around. Sovenil houses were soon cleared of* tables, and music was provided for dancing p.fptira ion*, while the town bell rang out the announce* mcnt of tho settling. Not »nuch time was left for us before tho tr&iu; was due, so wo make the bes-. of our time with a dunce, on it i would he loo late for attending the Fettling. Soon the whistle was hcurd, aud all hands were bustling over towards the station. After a brief stoppnge of tho train we wero rolling home nl double the epeed that took us down. Our boys were by this time very merry, and their voices could be hoard iion'r aud far while they gave some of the nio*t popular songs of the day, such as Too-rnMii ooroWii-hndady, and several others. This band of vocalists was very strong uudcr (ho ^ directions of " TVinnv," and kept up their /' voices until our destination was arrived ut, // when they went on their ways exhausted. On FHaav morning, at Joriclio, a match ?"* Tor £10 aside, between Mr. C. bkuthorp'g b g Delaware, and Mr. J. G leesou's h g Shamrock, was <ua off, which resulted in nn Basy win for Delaware. Both hows got way on good terms\ soon after the start Delaware went to the front, and won wit hout ^tension. Hr. J. Oonway afterwards pur chased Delaware for £60. I am aim) in formed that a uumber of other events jtook oloce on the same day, and afforded reully jood fun and some excellent finiehrs. A young man, named Charles Jnetpie?, while* schooling his horse over a jump ut lortcho, on Friday morniug, met with progressing f»TSt»bly. ar a luokjr oeape I in the bone *truak the iver, tlis rider falling jiu back. Jaoquai *u ,o fay die goodi troin, .tment ofDr. WQlu. 