LECTURES ON PROPIIECY. The last of the course of lectures by an evangelist of the Catholic Apostolic Church was delivered in the class-room of the Mechanics' Institute, yesterday evening, the subject being — ' The re-constitution of tbe Church, the Body of Christ and ffig Bride, in the fulness of Her primal endow ment, and the perjecting of every mem ber — a necessary work in these dais.' HW ? ' -f ^uimucuuiig upuu me Lenueuuy or religious thought to centre upon the selfish interests of individual salvation, rather than upon the purpose of God, and the consequent indifference of Christian people to the largeness of that purpose as revealed in Scripture, the lecturer went on to show by reference to the subjects dealt with in former lectures, that the Scriptures of the Old Testament were a great and consecutive revelation of God, to prepare the way for the Christian Church, through which, as the Body and bride of Christ, a witness was to be borne to all nations con cerning God and Christ ; through whose very failures great and valuable lessons were to be learned, and through whose final triumphs in and through Christ; the whole creation was to be blessed. After deprecating the idea which prevails in some quarters, that the Church can do the work which God has for her to do, without unity and organisation, the lecturer went on to trace, in the Acts of the Apostles and the Epistles, the evidences of budding organisation and ritual in the years of the Church's infancy, and remarked that the manifest reason why no form Or organisation was given to the Church by Christ Himself, save only the setting in their places of the twelve Apostles, was, that this was to be done afterwards by the operations in the Church of the Holy Ghost. The bringing out of the Church's order and ritual was hindered during the first 30 years of her history by the con tinuance of the Jewish temple worship, from the influence of which all, but espe cially the Jewish Christians, were only gradually weaned. The Epistle to the Hebrews (written after the overthrow of the temple) is an elaborate aud masterly treatise, intended to show that there was a ritual in the Church far transcending the Jewish, and capable of superseding it. Tradition also tells us that John spent at least 30 years of his life, after the de struction of Jerusalem, ruling the churches in Asia Minor, and organising them under their several angels. And as soon as the Church emerges into the light of profane history, less than 100 years after the death of John, she is found with an organisation and ritual, resembling that, glimpses of which appear in the New Testament. She is found with bishops, presbyters, deacons, and a liturgy, including tiie Eucharistic memorial sacrifice in its pure state, and not as corruDted in later ages. All this has since then been either woefully corrupted or entirely lost. The lecturer then went on to declare that in thesedays this order has been restored by Divine interposition, through the restoration of apostles and prophets to the Church. That the Mosaic Tabernacle is the plan aud pattern of the Christian Church, as is abundantly shown in the Ep:stle to the Hebrews, and that the work of setting the Church in order upon that pattern has commenced. That this work is not a fleshly imitation of the work and service of the Tabernacle, which belongs only to the Jew?, but a discernment of the hidden spiritual meaning of each part and rite. The lecturer concluded by saying that such a restoration of the Church in the last days is plainly necessary, and is a revealed intention of God to bring tbe Church into that condition of unity into which alone the Lord can receive her as His Bride, and that in such a restoration is to be found the only true preparation, either of the Body of Christ, or of the individual members thereof for his appearing. 