LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. The Speaker took the choir at half-past 4 o'clock. Akswses to Questions, phylloxera tastateis. Sit Henet Paekes, in reply to a question by Mr. Day, said that beyond the vineyards ascertained to be infected, nothing was known by the board of tue spread of this disease. The board condemned fourteen vine yards, but the exact area had not yet been ascertained. They recommended that these vine yards ahouid be destroyed as soon as possible, and made arrangements with the owners in each -3ftse as to the amount of compensation to be paid. The total compensation could not, however, be determined in the absence of exact measurements, and the compensation in some cases .was con sidered too high. The action to be taken had not yet been determined upon. THE UNEMPLOYED. Sir Ebney Paekes, in reply to a question by Mr. Garvan, said that £80,000 had been author ised this year for the unemployed, and the amount paid on that account during the present year -was -1119,446 Us 3d. - Mr. Buenb, in reply to a further question by Sir. 'Garvan, said that the vote on the supple-' xnentary estimates for the present year on ac count of the unemployed -was in excess of the expenditure up to the present time by .£7553 8s 3d. Pending the passing of the vote, payments were made from the advance account. ??THE VXTEUXC- IN CBKTBKNIAL^PABE. Mr. Aidtinm £j*iaasr%pake& the Colonial ^Secre tary if hewfrald take steps to abate the nuisance «tthe.CenteixnialParfe^ij;''^:.. . ? y ?;.-,/??' '???'? Sir Hbnet Pabee8 stSd'ie iras at,;a loss to -know '™haibty&60$3£&?Jiia& '|K-:-conv(ei* a most , intractable piece of ^ind'into a fark, 'and they could not dothatw^outajJpl^gttesuVBtances of which1 complaint was inade.' -Sa.'hie work Trould fee an advantage to the Municipality of Padding ton which no other Municipality .iwould posses!,; and yet they would noj; abide the -slight incon venience for a short tibfe. They might perhaps apply some deodorising, substance, but' how far that might be done, impairing what they were mow doinf , he could notsoy.^-'t seemed tp i?e 'a jnngularinBtaiceof anutterdisregardof everything except t&eiraelves; in view of the future advantage th&tttiey; were about -jfco receive, an$ .especially as, soiar as he could 6ee',,the improvement could not J»e carried oat withoutfEome inconvenience. ':.'?'. . /' ';', LITTLE . JbIt HOSPITA^j, . . £,.:?'? ? -irJVlT. Mbewi*e asked the 'Colonial Secretary if tehad any wformation as %- the complaint* '? '??!*. I', *..'? ''?'' i-;-'B. k V . -. -which have been made aa to a person prowling about and know* as the ghost, and which is sup posed to be one of the people of the hospital, and also if he has any report of one of the persons at the hospital was in the habit of using Government property for his own purposes. Sir Hiney Pabkes said he had some papers furnished by. the .health officer, the substance of which was that there had been remarks about j something of this kind which the officials had never been able to trace so as to obtain any sub stantial evidence. The papers also disclosed that there had been a quarrel between one of the officers of the institution and some of the super intendents. There had been a good deal of very unpleasant conduct in reBpect to the staff of this hospital. He would direct more searching inquiries to be made, and that at once. A stTB0P£AK LKPEE. Mr. Melville asked if the attention of the hon. tiie Colonial Secretary had been drawn to the presence of an alleged leper in the Little Bay Hospital. He thought that an independent board should be appointed to inquire whether the . man. was a leper or not. SirHENSY Pabkes said the case .of this unfor tunate individual had been the subject of in quiry several times. The friends of this person were extremely anxious to get him away. The Government bad not sees their way to permit the person who is assumed to be a leper te be re moved. He would, however, make further in quiries as to his condition. SEK&SANT; POWELL. Mr. Walkib moved— 'That there be laid upon the table of this House copies of all reports by Inspector Lawless, Inspector Atwell, and other police officers upon Senior-sergeant PowelL' Agreed to. 1 WAYS AND MEANS. 1 The Souse resolved iteelf into a committee of the whole, in order to resume the debate on the Colonial Treasurer's financial statement. Mr. Gaevak opened the debate. He said that the revenue was a million pounds more last year than in 1886, while the expenditure had been economised to the extent of a million and a quarter. Notwithstanding all this the Treasurer had to acknowledge a deficit of JE136.000. The Treasurer estimated the revenue for 1888 at £1,500,000 more than that of 1886, and if their economy were practised they would save a million and a quarter in the expenditure. 'What had become of that J62,750,000? It was snfieient to wipe cut the Dibbs deficit. The Auditor General had supplied him with certain fignres from which it appeared that the total expendi ture for the year 1886 was £9,079,646 Is 7d, and for 1887 .£9,216,191 19s Id. The total excess of expenditure over revenue at the end of 18S6 amounted to £838,732 17s lid, and at the end of 1887 it was ^31,472,115 Is 7d. Mr. Ltne said Mr. Gar van had made some very grave charges against the Colonial Treasurer. Among them was one to the effect that he had swelled the Dibbs deficit with a debt incurred in improving his (Mr. Buras's) private estate. The Colonial Treasurer had deceived the House and the country by his figures, and when the state ment reached England it would deceive the money market. He charged the Government with hav ing broken every one of the promises they had made except only that with regard to the ad valorem duties. Mr. Tonkin maintained that the statements made by most of the Opposition was extraordinary, considering the speech made by the leader of that party (Mr. Dibbs). who, as they had fceen compelled to wait for him, must be considered to be their financial member. That gentleman's only complaint had been that the deficit left by him had not been included in the present financial statement, and in his (Mr. Tonkin's) opinion what they wanted was a statement of the year's accounts. He went on to show from statistics the immense strides which New South Wales had made since 1871 in comparison with Victoria. He concluded by asserting that the financial statement was a most satisfactory one, and was so considered by a very large majority of the people of ti.e colony. I Mr. Ellis thought the Colonial Treasurer was to be congratulated on his financial statement, and on the position of the colony, which had enabled him to make such a statement. He then went on to quote a very large number of figures to show the absurdity of the arguments of pro tectionists as against actual facts, as shown by Mr. Hayter in his book of statistics. At this stage Mr. See asked that the debate might be adjourned, but this was refused by the Treasurer. Mr. Dibbs urged the Government to reconsider their decision, and the debate was adjourned until Wednesday next. Mr. Copeland desired to remove an impression which was likely to be gained from the manner in which the division list on the address appeared in the press. He wished it to be clearly under stood that he' did not rote in favor of Mr. Buchanan's amendment. PAYMENT OF 2IEMBEBS BILL. Mr. War. Clarke moved the second reading of this bill. Sir Heney Pabkes said that he had no inten tion of making a speech ; but he held the same opinion on this subject as he had always said and felt, save that the object of the bill, which was to improve the status of representatives, would not be gained by passing this bilL. Mr. Joseph Abbott recorded ki« strong objec tion to payment of members. The House divided, with the following re sult -? C: AYES— 21. Abigail Tonkin Dawson Fletcher Jones HsvueB Copeland Allen, W. J. Kelly Clarke, VT. Melville O'Suilivan Penier O'Mara Ellis j Gar van Bowes Ifobbs 1 Craer Howe Farnell ^taUot-c Cameron Lyne takeman ) Ae'erB- Koes— 12. Iuglis See JPMillaij Brusker Clarke, E. Abbott, Joseph Roberts Beaver Brown. H. H. - Heaeon -Burns Mitchell j [Tellers. The foilowin? members paired : — For : Diblis, C— anter, Hayes. Agaiust : Bail, Gooid, Sir Henry Parkes. The bill was then read a second time. The House then went into a committee of the whole to consider the bill in detail. The bill passed through the committee without amendment, progress was reported and the report adopted, and the third reading made an order , of the day for Tuesday next. HUNTER-STREET, NEWCASTLE, EXTENSION BILL. Mr. Flstchzb moved the second reading oil this bill, which was agreed to without division. The House then went into a committee of the whole to consider the bill in detail, and the Bill was reported to the House without amendment. The report was adopted, and the third reading assde an order of the day for. Tuesday next. The. House, at ten minutes to 12 o'clock, ad journed until 4 p.m. on Tuesday next. 