THE APOTHEOSIS OF AN ART CRITIC. (FROM TROTH.) Everybody called him Johnny. He was the sort of man whom his friends slapped violently on the back or dug playfully in the ribs at inopportune moments. Practical jokers UBed to hide his hat and coat at the club—they were so greasy and ancient that it was impossible to make a mistake— and leave him to wander home to Camden ToWD, bareheaded aud scantily clad, at 3 or 4 o'clock in the morniDg; when he fell asleep in an armchair after dinner, and snored in the repose of the weary or of the inebriate—more frequently the latter, I grieve to say—his boon companions would blacken his face with a cork, or draw large white figures on his clothes with a piece of chalk filched from the billiard- room. Johnny Shannon was a literary hack, an out-at-elbows Fleet-street scribbler, who wrote well when he was sober and respectably even when he was drunk. Had he lived in the days of Captain Shandon, he would have written most of his articles, like that worthy gentleman, in a debtor's prison, for poor Johnny was always hard up, always tormented by duns, always in dread of bailiffs, writs, and committals to Holloway Gaol for what is euphemistically termed contempt of court. He could turn his hand to pretty nearly anything in the literary line; he could write sporting articles, City articles, art criticisms, political manifestoes, paragraphs by the score; he frequently wrote sermons, which he sold to stupid country parsons at five shillings a-piece. He reviewed books on all manner of subjects, from Roman Pavements to Savouries and Sweets ; he could knock off vers de societe, and was by no means a novice at rhymed acrostics. And still Johnny did not prosper ; what he earned one day he spent the next, and being blessed with a wife and three children, he found existence a very hard struggle. For as fast as he got a good berth he lost it. Editors fought shy of him, except as an " occasional contributorthey said that he could not be relied on; often he had missed a sub-editorship through this deplorable weakness. He might even have attained to the dignity of an editorial chair ; but no sensible proprietor would entrust his paper to the charge of a man who on press night might be lying half-drunk, half-asleep, in the smoking-room of the Cherokee Club, with his face blackened and his clothes adorned with hieroglyphics in white chalk. The one post, however, which Johnny contrived to hold for a good number of years was that of art critic to the Tubthumper. The Tubthumper was not a lively journal ; it had a very limited circulation, and the amount of cash which Johnny received for his articles was small. £ut it was eminently respectable, and his articles signed " Morbidezza " had appeared for so many years that the signature acquired a certain weight in the artistic world. Mr. Shannon would have been grievously hurt had his connection with the Tubthumper, comparatively unprofitable as it was, been abruptly cut short. Now, although the Tubthumper had but a small following among the public, artists, for some reason or other, valued its good opinion. So, in artistic circles, Johnny was a welcome guest. At studioviews, when the host employed his wife ani daughters—or somebody else's wife and daughters, if his own were not sufficiently attractive—to flirt with the art critics, and ply them with tea and muffins, he generally gave Johnny Shannon a stiff brandy-and- soda in his own sanctum, and not seldom pressed upon him at parting a small souvenir in the shape of a drawing or study which he could not induce his dealer to purchase. It was a mere act of civility, of course, and to do Johnny justice he valued the drink more than the sketch. Still, he could not very well abuse the man as an artist, whose hospitality had been so acceptable, and thus it came to pass that Mr. Shannon's notices were generally favorable. It also happened that he had quite a collection of drawings, studies, and sketches presented to him at various times by genial artists -who possessed the right of appending to their names the magic letters R.B.A., R.W.S., E.L, A.R.A., or even B.A. Things were very bad in the Camden Town household. The bills waxed larger and larger as Johnny's credit waned. Mrs. Shannon wanted sea-air, Johnny junior was down with measles, and the baby threatened whooping-cough. Mr. Shannon himself was doing badly ; he had lost the countenance of several editors lately. The - Tulthumpcr, it is true, remained faithful, but the Tubthumper paid little, and that at irregular intervals. It was a black look-out. " What the deuce is to be done f said Johnny, hopelessly, to the wife of his bosom. " Sell those absurd drawings of yours," she suggested in a querulous tone. She had been a pretty woman in youth, but care had made her thin and angular, and had turned her voice shrill and her hair prematurely grey. " Hang it all, Hester ! I can't sell presents." " Why not! You sold my watch." There was silence, and a sudden ray of the moon lit up the cheerless, shabby room, revealing the threadbare carpet, the rickety chairs, and the white chalk-marks upon Shannon's seedy clothes. Through a thin partition he could hear a child whiniBg in its sleep. " It seems mean, but I'll do it," he replied. " It's precious hard I can't get a decent berth, when one thinks of the idiots •who scribble miles of stuff and are well paid." And the next morning he sallied forth, armed with a good bundle of studies, sketches, " bits," and so forth, the gifts of grateful or hopeful artists. Johnny was quite ashamed of his task. The creators of these things had been 60 polite, so genial, it was like parting with old friends. But they were so valuable—of course they were ! Three strokes of a brush by Sir Thomas Lofty, Mr. Dawber, Mr. Sandanfar, or Sir. Allbones were worth money. It was cruel to part with them, but he had no doubt of the result. " "Well, dear, have you sold them ?" 6aid Mrs. Shannon, anxiously, when he regained his humble roof. Her lord's step, I regret to say, was unsteady and his voice was siightly husky. He extricated a parcel from the pocket of liis overcoat with difficulty, and threw it on the floor with an oath. " Sold them! No ! They're not worth a mag. I showed them to Kleingeben, and he said that they would be dear at a fiver for the lot!" "But Johnny, dear, I thought they were worth hundreds !" she faltered. " I didn't!" he answered. " Old Klein told me that they might be of value to the artists, because it would be worth their while to keep them out of the market. But no dealer in his senses would look at such rubbish, unless the painter happened to die suddenly. If I were to murder a few of these chaps their sketches might fetch good prices." " Don't talk so dreadfully, dear." "Talk!" he cried, excitedly. "Talk's not much good; but what, in Heaven's name, are we to do ? I've a good mind to hang myself. You and the kids would get on better without me." After that night Johnny was seen no mora in his accustomed haunts. The Cherokees concluded that he had " gone on the booze" for an unusually long period, his editors grumbled and swore, and finally, handed over his work to other men. At the end of a week a pale, tearful woman applied to a police magistrate to give publicity to the fact that her husband, John Shannon, had mysteriously disappeared. The magistrate and the press kindly promised to assist her in finding him, and the disappearance of John Shannon, art critic and literary drudge, was speedily made public. "Drunk and tumbled into the river," said one charitable friend; " Bolted to escape duns," said another; " Poor devil! wonder what has become of him?" queried a few—a very few. In three weeks the mystery was solved, for a corpse was picked up in the Thames which was universally declared to be that of the missing journalist. And then suddenly his editors seamed to discover the loss they had sustained, or perhaps they did not care that their drudge should be buried in a pauper's grave; whatever their motives, they subscribed a sovereign or so apiece, and poor Johnny had quite a respectable funeral at Kensal-green. Having gone so far, it suddenly occurred to them that Johnny had left a widow and three children who were in imminent danger of starvation. " This is most unpleasant," mused he of the Tubthumper. "We shall have the "woman round at the office wanting to borrow money." " Something ought to be done," said the editor of the Daily Driveller, in a burst of enthusiasm. " Then perhaps you will do it,'' remarked the chief of the Weekly Reviler. "Let's ask Blatheram" was the universal decision. Now, Blatheram was the art critic of the Parthenon, which, as everybody knows, is a very influential and superior journal indeed. Blatheram wrote learnedly about " values," " tonality," " colouration," " infinity of aim," " opulence of line," " rhythmic force," and " balance of impasto." And as nobody understood what he meant, he was generally accepted as a very great authority. " Well," said Mr. Blatherum, " if anything has to be done—and of course it is very unpleasant that Shannon's family should have to go into the workhouse—the thing is an art exhibition." " What do you mean ?" said the Tubthumper. " Merely this, it would be a great thing to exhibit the devotion of editors to members of their staff; it would be a great thing to show that artists are fond of really honest, straightforward art criticism—such as our late friend's of course ! The dealers would be glad to help for the same reason." " It's a great idea!" said the Reviler. " Who's to work it V' queried the more practical Tubthumber. ''You leave it to me," said Mr. Blatheram, " and I'll work the artists and the dealers; we'll get sketches from all sorts of swells, and press notices by the score. Oh, it will be a big thing !" Dessay you'll make it worth your while," growled the chief of the Daily Driveller. Mr. Blatherum was as good as his word. Of course, his first task was to visit Mrs. Shannon. He found that lady melancholy, but apparently resigned. " It's very sad to break up our home," she said, " but there mast be a sale. The sketches, all of them presents, which poor Johnny valued 80 highly, muBt be Bold at Christie's." i " Nothing of the kind, my dear madam !" ejaculated Blatheram; " they must be sent to the Benefit Art Exhibition for sale there." And he represented to her in such a convincing manner the commercial aspects of the enterprise, that she gladly fell in with his wishes. Blatherum had but little difficulty with the artists. Look here, my boy," he said to Sir Thomas Lofty, " you remember that sketch you gave to poor old Shannon ?" " Blessed if I do !" replied Sir Thomas. " Believe I gave him something—h'm, think it was rather a promising nude by one of my pupils—Miss Arabella Skumble—daughter of old Skamble—most charming girl." But you signed it, you know." Dear me, dear me, so I did! Fact is I drew most of it, put in the foreshortening of the left leg. Well?" " Shannon's dead, you see. Mrs. Shannon is very hard up ; she's going to sell all the sketches by auction. Thought you would scarcely like that; fact is we are getting up a little exhibition for the benefit of Mrs. S. and the kids. If you will con tribute a sketch, the other thing can go in; otherwise it will be sold at Christie's. People may see it isn't yours. See." In private life Mr. Blatherum talked quite like an ordinary human being, and Sir Thomas understood the situation in a surprisingly short space of time. " Ah, yes ! Benefit for a deceased artcritic—pictures contributed by eminent R.A.'s—great attraction." " Quite so," said Mr. Blatherum ; " I think you have a sketch handy which you might give away for such a noble object. Sir Thomas had, and so had a good many other artists who the astute artcritic visited. " Nothing like establishing a precedent," he said to himself, after a dozen or more interviews. " Now if I get laid up they'll have to arrange a benefit show for me. If they don't, begad, won't I let them have it when I get well! Really, Shannon did quite the right thiDg when he fell into the Thames." As for the dealers, there was even less difficulty with them. The generosity of dealers is proverbial, and all the big men gave valuable pictures—which had been left on their hands unsaleable for years. So the Shannon Benefit Fund was organised. The cash subscriptions were few, and they were not large in amount, for they came from men who were almost as hard up as poor Johnny himself had been, but the number of pictures the committee received was quite surprising, and when Mrs. Shannon's small collection was thrown in it became necessary to hire large gallery wherein to exhibit and sell them. The gallery proprietor let his rooms for a nominal sum— which was truly liberal, as at that period of the year there was absolutely no demand for it, and, of course, his generosity was duly chronicled in the catalogue and in the newspapers. The Benefit Exhibition was a great success; there were pictures by B.A's which they would have been ashamed to hang up in their own kitchens; there were works by outsiders, which would have been rejected even at the Academy; there were pieces of sculpture too terrible for words. But the works of arts were gifts, so their purely disinterested donors were lauded to the skies by wily critics, who thought that some day their own turn might come, and the goodnatured public bought the rubbish at twenty times its value, just as people pay at a bazaar half a guinea for a pair of mittens which would be dear at sixpence. The committee were soon enabled to hand over to Mrs. Shannon £800 on account. She was sent to Margate with the two younger children, while the eldest boy was despatched to a boarding-school. Six months had passed since Shannon's disappearance; the grass was green on his grave, and the Exhibition was on the point of closing, nearly everything having been sold, for such pictures as the public could not be induced to purchase were bought in by the judicious artists themselves. Mr. Blatherum, the indefatigable secretary, was seated at a table in the gallery, writing an article for the Parthenon, for business WBB slack. There was no one else in the room I but a tall man in a grey overcoat, with a muffler round his throat, of whom Mr. Blatherum took no notice, for he did not look like a purchaser. It was getting dusk, close upon 7 o'clock—closing time— and the art critic began to put his papers together with a view of going home. Meanwhile the man with the muffler was walking round the gallery examining the pictures with much interest, and now and then giving vent to a subdued chuckle. The first time that the sound broke the stillness Mr. Blatherum paid no attention to it, but when it had been repeated three or four times he began to get annoyed. " Confound the fellow's impudence 1" he thought; " what the deuce does he find to laugh at?" And then he uttered a loud " Hem!" with a view of recalling the stranger to a sense of propriety. But the man with the muffler paid no heed; he was engrossed with his task. He paused before one of Sir Thomas Lofty's contributions, and sniggered audibly; he passed on to the great work by Dawber, E.A., and laughed in open derision. " Good Lord!" murmured Mr. Blatherum. " perhaps he's an escaped lunatic ! I'd better call the commissionaire, What on earth is he going to.do now i" The man with the muffler had discovered a bust of the late John Shannon, Esq., by a rising young sculptor, Mr. Thomas Trowel, to wit. It seemed to fascinate him; he looked at it from every point of view, chuckling all the while, and finally, as if to enjoy his mysterious joke the better, he sat down in front of it on a convenient chair, put his hands on his kness, and rocked himself to and fro in an ecstacy of merriment. Mr. Blathcrum's curiosity overcame his fears. " He's talking to himself. I must hear what he's saying!" And he rose and stealthily approached the stranger on tiptoe. " Oh, this is too much!" gasped that profane person. "Tommy Trowel aB a sculptor 1 I owed him ten pounds ; blessed if I ever pay him now. Some flat has bought this thing for fifty—and he never sold a bust before in his life! Ha! ha! ha!!!" and he fairly roared. There was something in the tone of his voice which made Mr. Blatheram start violently. The stranger turned at the noise, met Mr. Blatherum's eye, and at once explained • "Why, Blatherum, old chap, how are you? But the art-critic's jaw fell, his face pale, and with a howl of terror he turned to flee for his life. The deceased Mr Shannon grasped him firmly by the coattails. « Don't be a fool I I'm not a ghost! I'm alive! Very much alive! Better than I've been for years!" And dealt his former friend a sounding slap on the hack. « You're not dead!" gasped that gentleman, "then what the devil have you been doing ?" " I had an accident," said Mr. Shannon. " mighty bad accident. I've been in the hospital for months with some infernal fever. Just out." " But why didn't you write or do something i It's really most inopportune your turniDg up like this, you know !" " Couldn't, my dear boy; was of! my head,raving; never even saw a newspaper till yesterday. Didn't know anything about the show till, to-day, when I went home and found they'd sent away the missus and the kids. Came on here at once, and my stars, isn't it just a treat!" " Precious lucky treat for you!" said Mr. Blatherum, by no means molified. " For goodness' sake, don't think I'm ungrateful!" protested Mr. Shannon; " but I really couldn't help smiling a bit! You won't tell any one now, will you 1 I thought that I was alone." And, on reflection, Mr. Blatherum concluded that he wouldn't; " for," he said to himself, "nobody's any the worse. The artists have got a thumping good advertisement, and everybody concerned is covered with glory. And the great thing, after all, is that we've managed to establish the precedent!" The following was the sort of paragraph which shortly went the round of the MB. JOHN SHANNON.— EXTRAORDINARY RE- APPEARANCE.—The numerous friends of Mr. J. Shannon will be 110 less surprised than delighted to hear that he is alive and well, and that he returned to London two days ago in total ignorance of the facts that he had been mourned for as dead, and that the body of a man unknown had been buried under his name at Ketisal-green. Mr. Shannon, it appears, went out to Portsmouth on business on the night of his disappearance, and accidentally fell into the harbour. Qe was rescued, but the shock and exposure, coupled with severe injuries to his head, brought on attack of brain fever and other complications. Mr. Shannon was taken to a well-known hospital in that town, and for months hovered between life and death, being entirely unable to give any account of himself, or even to reveal his identity. Mr. Shannon is now restored to health, and is deeply grateful for the efforts made by so many kind friends to assist his wife and children—efforts which speak volumes for the kindly relations existing between artists and art critics. We hear that a complimentary dinner will shortly be given to Mr. Shannon at the Cherokee Club, and we are glad to be able to state on the beBt authority that he has acccpted a permanent post on the staff of a distinguished contemporary journal. The latter statement, at all events, was true, and Mr. Shannon's merits were at last appreciated. " I say, Blatherum," remarked Mr. Clitter, art critic of the Daily Driveller, to his friend one day, " what the deuce did Shannon really do with himself while he was away 1" " He was in the hospital at Portsmouth,' replied Mr. Blatherum, solemnly; " brain fever." " Oh, yes; of course ; but Isuopose you noticed that he county-courted the Hyde Park Review last week, and he recovered 20 guineas for some articles he wrote on the Paris Salon ?" "Yes, I saw that; the H.P.R. never pays its contributors without an action." " But how the deuce could he have written about the Salon if he had brain fever at Portsmouth?" persisted Mr. Chitter, " I believe he was in Paris all the time!" "It's easy enough to write about the Salon without going to Paris," replied Mr. Blatherum, sententiously. " I don't know where Shannon went, but he is a very clever man." 