LAND NATIONALIZATION. TO THB EDITOR. Sir— JThe land nationalists (at least many of them) now bring forward scripture authority in support of their claims. Where is Buchtauthority to be found ? Certainly not in euner me uia or new j.eBiament, aa me references to dealing with land in Bible times can only be regarded by any sane man as applicable only to the Jewa, and also suitable to the primitive times in which they then lived. I fail to eee anything in the New Testament to uphold their doctrines ; we are told therein that Ananias and Sapphira had a possession of land and sold it. Now the fearful judgment which followed them so quickly waa not because they were land holders and landeellers, ' but they had lied to the Holy Ghost.' Land nationalists make the positive statement that land is the source of all wealth, and upon this assertion they plume themselves immensely. Now, I assert that this is utterly false The brains, the skill, the cunning hand which God has given to man iB tbe gieat source of wealth and of these Heaven-born or acquired gif ta no one can rob his fellows. The whole world in land, apart from tbe skill of man, would be valueless, so that land cannot poBsibly be the only channel of wealth. Again, the sea is the source of enormous wealth, the whales, the fish, tbe pearls, the millions of money which the products of the sea has yielded to man, and the untold millions' worth that lie concealed within the vaBt expanse and depth of ocean. Land nationalization would never advance theprosperity of any country under Heaven. We have now in this colony fairly liberal land laws, and hope to have great im provements in the time to come ; but what we do want ia a very large number of stout hearts and willing and skilful handa (with a little capital) to develop to a mighty growth the agricultural, meohanical, and commercial interests of this great southern laud, and to glsan also the treasures animate and inani mate that people tbe vast and mighty deep. i I am, Sir, &c; , WATCHMAN. 