SjIGR MEI^ILLE. ; r ?. ,7 y-:'a;-:' Br'Cuk.iTON'yii.K., : ;'';.'. : .:i:-- ??,?! ;;-'i* {([?JV-om Me Week.)- ' '.?'''. '.; '' '???.'?' . . , ? ? ' ? ? ; - i ? ;! -; 'Ciuiteh I.— Stuck Up by Tire Creek.- ' . .'. The wet season was evidently not fur from retting in, and very anxiously did a man and a woman Bean tlio sky us they travelled . eastwtrd across the rolling western downs of ?? northern Queensland. They weru travelling toward the coast in the hope of recovering their injured health by the help of tlie sea air 11I1U (h JUU1U {J1.11L1UUO UIVU lllillll T ? bil ^HV' curable in the bush. In tho draj . .;ch them was one boy about 6 years old, a bright intelli Hint- leokiug lad with long golden looks like a girl's. Tho threo horses woro : getting a bit worn out on it. Tho grass wus scarce, tho season having been a bad one, and tho fragmentary patches of groon feed thut they enmo across hero imd thero did tho ; horses moio harm than good, for they would ' nibble awny at the short, half black, halt' green sp routs of grai-E, instead of getting a good fill ont in the adjoining longor througii drier feed. William Oroy and Sis wife wore both ill with tho fever and ague, and their situation under tho circumstances, even if the wet season . did not Eet in, was uoc n nicoone. Groynnd his wife had immigrated to Queensland about two years beforo lny story opens. Ho had . I081 money in speculations, last everything ho had , in fact, und ho had come out to Queensland in the expectation of improving his position. But Queensland was not then iu to 1 prosperous a condition, and employment in tho lino that would have best suited him was not to bo ob tained. The northern goldfields wero only just being opened up, and as yet tho colony did not fed the advantages which a few years' steady output of gold soon brought. So a year's f ngagcnient was entered into on a station out '. on the Flinders. . Mr. and Mi's. Grey were newehums ; they had been delicately nurtured. Tho hard fare toon told its tale. Before their year's en gagement expired they had to seek a release, and make their way ba'k to tho coast. They hnd travelled up the Flinders, and passed tlucugh Hughenden — only then forming itself into sn embryo equalling settlement— and wore now approaching tho 'White Mountain, diggings. It wus about tho middle of December. Thesa ulluvial diggings hud been rushed a year or two Lbfore, and were now nearly deserted by all, except a few *' stickers.' Chinamen were be ginning to creep in, nobody taking any notice, the law in these diijs not prohibiting Chinamen ficin iiiw goldfielels. Old Ah S.im kept :i store nr.el public~house, uud no doubt it was through his agency that his. countrymen began to find ?jut .tho land flowing, with milk and honey— or, in other words, 'Aplenty lia-cee, loo- ster, iau-tan, opee-yum.' Besides, thero was the (hiiBcc of making, a sufficiently big cheque to : liable them to carry .their own bones them selves lack to tho'OS'lowery Liuvi, instead of ? having to trust to some kind countryman for ;his friendly office. .But thero were some 40 or 50 whites still . holding on to tho.gullies and ravines running down from thoAVhite Mountains. Gold more or less, principally.less,. could bo got anywhere in lhe beds of the creeks. However, it was mainly in tlio gutters or leads back from the creeks where the .payable good was found. These had been, tho old watercourses in pre historic ages- Tho (Chinamen mainly devoted their attention toworking tho creek bottoms, fur which they were well suited. A large paddock would be sunk, a huje Califor uiun pump rigged, worked by tliceo or four Chinamen, and the gully or creek would then be out out iu a face, i'dmelhnes 7 or S feet of sand and boulders Lad to be removed beforo tho bottom of tho e-mk, earning the ' wash,' was reached. Eurh work was beyond the efforts of individual white diggers, and somehow when the partuer i-hip gets beyond two, or threo, complications ensue, differences -of .opinion arise, and generally it does net run as smoothly as it thould to ensure - success. Besides, the ra muuciation win not *ver.y great for a white lnhn, eo the Chinamen wore not disturbed. The. road from .tho west .passed close tothe.se diggings. .U or the sake of procuring some freth supplies, and .if ixiossible, 6ome fever medicines, Grey decided ou calling at tho ? camp. '-When about -4 .miles from Whito Mountain Creek, which had to be crossed beforo tho little township could be reached, tho heavy douds that had'been banking up, and floating eo low that ? one mhjht have fancied a stone could have been thrown into them, began to let down some heavy- drops that splashed on the ground, making rings of water the size of a thilling. This looked ominous. In a few minutes ?morethe-wind and rain came with a rush and a roar. Thehorses stopped and slowed their heads-awny from the strain. Neither horses not rattle will face heavy rain. Many a bush traveller after suoh like rain has hud to travel miles f or.his hoi ees which had started off, with the storm behind ithem, even before the rain actually came. Many -a stockman, after putting his catUo on their camp, h.is cursed the thunderstorm which had i-plit ihis cattle up, and sent them ljiiles.nway from their habitual run. As the rain increased Grey sank buck in tho dray with a groan,:and alook.of -agony came to his poor ?w 1111 face, aa ho gazed at his wife and child. Thedray had a:fly.over-it; still the rain blew in heavily at 'times. '?Never.mind me, William. Frank and I are all .right, aren't we, little man?' said Mrs. Grey. 'Draw -this blanket round you; you have the ague coming On, I can eee,' and, in deed, -Grey's legs and arms wore all of a tremble. ' ' 1'im.all right, papa, not wet a little bit, and rot cold^a .little bit;' said Frank, and though this was -not quite true, yet ho rather looked upon tho storm as a -novelty, watching tho vivid -flashes -of ilightning with great interest. Now.nnd ngniu aieavy olitpof thunder would give him a start, when he would nestle to his n. other's side andclasp her hand. What harm could. come to him whilst by hie mother's side ? ' If wo don t .arrive at the cro sing of tho creek shortly we shall never get ever to night,' tuid Giey. ' Thisirain will put it a banker iu an hour.'' . -As tho .rain began to slacken olt'a little, Mrs. Griy, w'lio was not quite so ill aa her husband, ; took up the reins and started their small team again. It .was slow and weary work. Tho ruts.in thoroad were C inches deep in water. The horses .pulled unwillingly, though they had but a light load. Tutst as tlio. crossing was reached they heard ihe e plash, splash, of horses' hoofs in the water . on the road 'behind them. Looking round they beheld Hie Cleveland Bay mailman urging his liorecu on at a gallop. He and his horses were (?plathed up -to 'their eyes with the mud of thoroad. Guziag at Uie swirl&g;, bailin-r, yellow ttreaui before liiin the mailman ex claimed :: . '' . 'Pull up your horses:! You'll never cpmo out alive j£ you get in this creek with your team. ' Thero in £ or 6 feet of water in it now.' . Perceiving a woman and child in the dray he looked pityingly at them and continued: 'An hour sooner Jind you would havo been in safety over there. We are close up in sight of the .diggers' campR. I'll let 'em know you're , btuc-k hero. Help'll como as soon as tho . creek's crosfiable. I'm not supposed to en deT.cer the mails, but ' tain' t good enough to stop hero to be pelted at with raiu liko this. I -nciou my lfo s as valuable as tho paper in ihete here bags, and I'm goia' to risk that .now.' ' We aro suffering from the fever and are out of medicine,' Mrs. Grey replied, 'and we (?bull bo thankful for any assistance from the other side. My husband is completely help leff, hnd I am nob much better.' ' Keep your spirits up, ma'am,' answered the . muibnun, 'you (tliull soon have aid. So long, Jeir tho present,' and with a 'hi, there!' mid a 'get up there,' to his horses, after a .little shyiug and snorting at the foaming 1 01 rent, tho well trained and obedieut unimala ,]ilvtigcdin. , Tho occupants of the dray gazed with strain ing eyes at iho hardy mailman. Thu horsos Awam' boldly out as soon as they found thom ,K-1\\(B off their feet. As they go*-, iu the undo e.haunel of tho creek tho immense jui-h of water, coming down in gco.it waves, ? muiif them round at- right angles, aud away O:rv... v.tiit with their heads down stream. '.KVcu'liiiijr'liv a miracle ilic.truu!u and branches '-ii tint that we-ro beirg brought dawn by the Hood the imrroH managed to get across iu iu'eiy ijipii|-li Mime 200'yardH lower downtho tuck .Own ' wlcre tliry slartel to croja. It was growing dark. Tin rain had diminisaod in its fierceness for a time., but was etill coming down, in ra iteady way that portended little cessation beforo morning. A dreary prospect ! Thero. was perhaps no danger that tho flood waters would reach them whoro tho toam stood;, hut no lire could be lit, and Uroy, his wife, and child wcro by this time wot to tho skin. In their present slate of health it might mean death. Leaving them in their sad plight, Mrs. Grey's eyes straining across the creek, hnlf in hopes, though against all leasoa, that some help might conn to save her husband and child, wet will follow tho mail man to the diggers' camps. Chatter II. — Tire Diggings. A lot of tho diggers had gatherod together at Ah Sam's public house. Bomowero playing cards, two or threo drinking at tho bar formed of old gin cases, others lounging about, yarn ing uud speculating on tho probabilities of a good wit EC-awn. Plenty of ruin meant plcuty of gold. Happy Jack's Gully had been dry as a bone for the laBt sis months, and good wages could bo mudo thero when thero was water clote to. '? By tho powers!' shouted Irish Tom, who was the fiist to see tho mailman arrive, 'if here is'ntthe blessed pottman, an' faixhe looks more like a ghost than a livin' bein'. Howly mother! como spalpeen's been murthoriu' tho poor man.' ' Only tho limb of a tree caught 1110 as I was swimming tho creek. It's only hltin deep,' said the mailman referring to a patch of con gealed blnod on his face. ' By jabcrs ! you're n plucky crater to tackle that creek,' muttered Tom. Tho crossing was hidden from view, but the creek ran within 50 yardB of thoir camps, aud before it grew dark they had all soon tho htavy volume of water that was being brought down. 'Now, Tom,' cried another digger, a very good boozer himself, 'gammon you wouldn't have tackled it too if it had been whisky in stead of water that you'd have had to swim through.' 'B'ae»luek to ye, Jludgeo Bill,' answered Tom, 'but it's a mighty pity that it isn't whisky, for with tho thirst that's got a hoult of ycr' now it's ycrself that could drink that creek dry, an' the poor mailman could havo eroded dry-shod.' After the mail-bags had been taken oil' and seemed, and the horses turned out, Joe, tlio mailman, turned to the diggers, who were all atscmlikd iu the long dining-room, aud said : 'Look here, buys, I've got some news for you. Within coo-po of here, ou tho other sido uf the creek, there's a three-horso tenmi stuck up. The creek's running a banker, as you can see, and likely to keep up all night. In the dray there's a man and woman, and a kid about foul- or five year.' old. The man loots pretty well played out, haviu' the fever bad, aud tho woman's hardly able to hold hor eelf up. She's got the fever, too. They expect to get some supplies and fever medicines here. They're bound for the bay, I think. As soon us it's daylight you'll see what you can do to fiet them over; I promised 'em as much. It's enough to kill the lot of 'em out in a night like this.' Addressing a man, apparently about 30 years of age, who was sitting at a side tablo turning over a uewf-paper, the mailman said: '.Sir. SFclville, will you do what you can for the poor folks in the morning ?' Dick Melville was a fine .specimen of man hcod. About the medium height, but com pactly made and muscular. His loose digger moles and wida flannel shirt concealed the symmctiy of his person; still the low cut flannel with its short sleeves disclosing a strong though well-shaped neck, and a pair of strong brown symmetrical arms, a (lowing brown heard anil moustache, well- marked eyebrows above a pair of dark brown eyes, made him as handsome a man as you would find in a day's march. All e-yes were turned towards Diak Melville. It was evident he was a sort of ' guide, philosopher, and friend' to those about him, though there were grey heads amongst the crowd. Dick Melville was unmistakably a superior man, not altogether in bearing, skill as a gold miner, knowledge of the world, or oven in manners. Thero were men amongst tho diggers perhaps his superior in all these. Sea this old man in the corner ? Ho is marked as an habitual drunkard. Nothing but the grave will save him from his besetting ein. Speak to him and he will make you bo courtly an inclination of the head and adopt such a graceful, interested attitude that you are fain to say, ' Hero is a gentleman.' When he answers you tho words come slowly, and every word distinct and every sentence well modulated. The voice is a musical one. The words are beautifully chosen, a little emphasis hero and there, and perhaps a slight elevation of the eyebrows now and again. Now you have old Morley's portrait as far as style of conversation went. But was lm re spected or looked up to by the rough characters at Whito Mountain ? Not much. Look at him again ns he is spending tho ounce of gold got during tho week, and you nted not ask why. Here is another man not turned 40 yet. Ho is a ditsipated- looking object, but he is a scholar. His friends have tried to reclaim him time after time, but sooner or lator ho do:s something to disgrace them The boys make him drunk occasionally, just for tho fun of getting him to orato in Latin or Greek. But Dick Melville does not drink. Ho has also been lucky, anl a digger always lias a high opinion of another who gets 'goodgold.' The warden, or rather commissioner of those days, after the big rush was ovor at White Mountain, hRd been removed to a reefing district just opened nearer tho coast ; therefore, when little disputes aroso about pegging out too much ground, or water rights, Melville was generally warden and assessors combined. If a hurd-up digger or STrageman csine along, ilelville's hand' was iu his pockcr to give him a lift If need be. Every body respected him, and though ho neither aEEumed i-or aspired to be anything more than a 'wandering digger,' a groat amount of df.fcrcnM! was shown him by all tho diggers on Whito Mountain Crcok. Starting up from his seat as the mailman ad dresfed him Melville said, 'Yen, yes, of course. A woman and a child out in a night like this ! Good Heaven ! It is ineleed enough to kill them. We must do something for them to- night.' As ho spoko a heavy giist of wind oame and sect the rain in a great sheet of water against the building. It was pitch dark outside. Truly it required a bravo heart to think of crosting a flooded stream on such a night. Tho diggers looked as amazed as no doubt the ferryman did when young Loohinvar and Lord TJlliu's daughter asked to bo rowed across Loch Gyle, ' that dark and stormy water.' ' I'm ready to do what I can !' shouted Sailor Jack. 'I've got a mother and a littlo brother 16,000 miles away, and for their sakes, shipmateB, hero goes to bear a hund !' Saying which, he kicked off his boots and braced him self up together, making all taut and snug, as liet exposed it. Sailor Jack had left bis ship in the hay, and arrived at White Mountain without the price of a ' feed,' but Dick Melvillo had given him a Ehake down in his hut, and a week's work at odd jobs. Then he put an ounce of cold in his hand, though Jack, beiug Btrango to the work, had perhaps not earned half that amount. Others volunteered at once ; so after procur ing ropes and lanterns a move was made for the crosi-ing. To the Chinaman cook Melvillo had whispered, and slipped something in his hand, which, when Jimmy Ah Fat had looked at, made him bustle round, Having in a very short time a couple of rooBtors' heads severed frsm their bodies, and some other very appetising things in course of preparation. On arriving at the crossiKg, the best place to rnnko the attempt from, us thero were no oaks growing in tho vicinity, Melville gavo his in structions: ... ... , 'I will try to swim aoroBS with thn end of this light line. If I get ever all right, tie tho other rope to your end of tho lino, and' I will haul it acroFS, made tbo large rope fpst to tho tree on tho bank, and wo shall then be able to Eend anything ovcrin this-basket.'.' ?; 'I'm going for a oraigo, to6,'mato9,' said Sailor Jack. ?' Giyo ine another pieco of lino ; I'm just as much- at' home' in ' the water as a dufikie.' ;i':v-'-' ? ? '? ?'?' ''? ??'? '?'? ? -/? ( V-'-' But Dick ?Mclyilio'said 'to ,tlio IadV'%0, Jack, no ; yon cdn'_try|if 'I fail.1 .There' must boheiivy tree's c'oiriiiig flown yet,' aiid 'a'blow from pile of them 'might' brjntf 'sorrow to tho mother aUd hoy.iii;Engla'riel.! ?'Yuu'ure'a'brav'a fellow.' bvitwiiit:'';: ' ']'?' ?t';. ' !''''?? ,-'?}-' ?*-''?-. ':??.?.!?:??;::. !.-n.ii U-.i:-: ,?.-.:..?-* :-V. ??:?.?.?. Hi Casting his hat and boots aside, M»lvillo slid into the rushing, boiling waters, .with, the line ti-jd to his arm. The lantern's feeble rays ?immgtred iu tho rain, und only showed a faint 1 ({lit for a yard or two from tho bank. Tho lino was disappearing nlowly fro n tho looso coil in whioh it lay on the ground. Not a man spokn. ; all eyes wero fixed on the lino gradually being drawn in tho raging waters. Presontly it was unwound with great rapidity, and the men know that Melvillo was in tho middlo of tho croi k, whoro tho current must havo swung him rennd, and carried him away with groat velocity down tho stream. They must havo all ex pected this, but still tho sight of tho cord running out so quickly brought up to their imagination tho picture . of .a 'strong swimmer in his agony;' ami made them hold thoir breaths iu painful sus pense. Would tho lino over stop running out ? Seconds seemed turned into minutes and minutes into hours. The lino vns a long one, but it was running out fast, and if the last few feet came, what should they elo ? They hold their breath ngain as this thought struck them. If they lot the lino go tho helpless body of their friend might he at tho end of it, and 'ho would be carried away nnel drowned. If they stuck to it, they might pull Melyillo back into the swift running water from which ho might bo just es caping on tbo other side. To their iiitcuso re lief, however, tho lino suddenly stopped, a faint coo-ee was scon heard, and then they knew tho passage had been safely made. The' inch rope was pulled across by Melville, and mudo fast. Then ho turned to speak a few words of comfort and hope to tho sick people, but beforo ho reached tho dray Sailor Jack was by his sido. With a littlo package of fever medicine strapped to his belt ho had crossed tho flooded stream hand over hand on the rope. Tho night was very dark, but on coo-eeing they heard a fa'nt sound in the direction of which they proceeded. ' Ship ahoy .' Beg yer pardon, shipmate,' said Jack, as ho stumbled against tho foremost horse, ' collisions will happen on land as well as at sea. The night's dirty and no lights out. Belay there ! Be-e-o-hiy ! ' yelled Jack, as tho horse commenced to plunge about, not taking tho collision in quite so good a spirit 'is our sailor boy. ' Whoa then, pet,' saiel Dick, in a soothing tone, and the horsu was soph quiot. 'Ive-cp still. Jack, for a minute or two und we'll have tho harness ofE in a twinkling.' Melville took the medicine and moved to tho side of the druy. Jack was irrepressible, how ever, nml thought liu knew as much absut a horse, a? he did of a ship, so he commenced to unfasten the harness of tho nearest nnlnvil. He felt about gently, and any hook ho met with was unfastened. Thus the leading chains woro cast loose. The collar and hames ho believed to bo all one1. These ho felt certain slipped ovor the horse's head, and ho wriggled tho collar about from one side to tho other, trying it per pendicularly, horizontally, aud 'diagonally, right sido up and upside do wn. Ho had just trot it nicely jammed about the horse's ears when Dick came back. ' Believe I've got a glionl. Dick. Tho rain must have given this horse a cold, and his head has swelled so that his gearing won'tcome off.' Dick Melville was too agitated to laugh. His fingers shook as ho unfastened tho strung aud set the horses at liberty. CirArTMi III.— Dk.vth Cometh Soon' on Late. To understand what, had caused Melville's nervousness it is requisite to look back a faw years, and across tho wide expanse of soa that separates a good many faithful loving hearts from tho mother country. ' Alice, you will make or mar mo by your answer. You like me, I know. I think you love me. Why then not marry mo? What right hare you to rush from your own happi ness, as you will surely wreck mine, by relay ing this man out of gratitude? It is not right.' Thus spoke Melville to a young girl about 20 years of ago in tho evening twilight of an English summer. 'Dick— oh Dick! do not punish mo liko this. You havo come to say farewell. Why torture mo with further remonstrance? Dick, I do love you, but I must marry as my father directs. Ho has boon saved from ruin, nay, from elishonsur, by tho man I am to marry. Wo must part, Dick, and for ever. Farewell. Heaven prosper you.' ' Prosperity, ruin, or death, will be all the same to mo now. Good-bye, Alice, as you say, forever.' 'Taking her in his arms, ho kissed hor pas sionately, and then strode hastily away. Mel villft Eoon tailed for America, hut was too un settled to stay there long. Then ho came to Australia, and finally, growing more accus tomed tD his lot, settled down to a life on the diggings. The loss of his sweetheart had not rained him, as ho once thought it would. It had, however, left a sweet but melancholy feeling in his heart. ' 'Tis better to have loved and lost Uuui never to havo loved at all,' sung Tennyson. Dick sought no female society, and found a quiet bush life on the diggings to ho in keep ing with his temperament. It certainly tended to bind his loat idol nil the more strongly to his heart. Therefore, when Dick with * firm stop ap proached the dray, and in a cheery voice inquired of tho occupants how they wore, no wonder ho fell buck and shook liko a leaf as ho heard a well-remembered voice reply. Thore was a quiver in that voice too, for Mr3. Grey and the girl Dick hud hoped to make his wife years previously in England, were one und tho samo. After the horses Imd been turned out, a fire was lighted by great efforts, tho rain having now ceased. Somo dry blankots and clothes had been Eent over, also the fowls and other dainties suitable for sick people. When morning came tho creek had so sub sided that there was no difficulty in getting the team across. Dick Melville aud Sailor Jack gently carried tho sick man, tho man who had won Dick's treasure from him, into the room prepared for him and his wife and child. Grey was unconscious and seemed to bo very ill. After they had been mado as comfortablo ns possible, Dick got his horse up and made preparations for a journey. Iu his valise lie packed about CO ozs. of gold. Calling Mrs. Grey aside, ho said : 'Alice, your husband is very ill, but don't git alarmed and worry. You have friends here. I may be absent two or threo days ; I am going to' tho next goldficld, Eomo 70 miles away, to procure a doctor. Tour boy shall not loso his father if I can prevent it. Good-bj'e.' Agraep of her hand and ho was off at a steady canter, his horse's head turned oaat wnrd. Mrs. Grey had recovered wonderfully by the third day, when Melville rode into the camp accompanied by a doctor. 'Very bad case, indeed, Mr. Mulvillo,' said Dr. Walters, after he had seen his patient. 'Believe ho's too fur gono to recover, but we'll do our best.' Grey had not recognised Melville. He knew him in England ; indeed Alice Langford had confessed before her marriage that she loved Melville, and was only marrying Grey because her father iimiutcd on it. Groy was not lurgo Eoulcd enough to let her marry tho man sho loved. But in his periods of consciousness ho heard Melville's name mentioned, and as Mrs. Blown, a digger's wife, was attonuing him, ho questioned her as to who this Dick Melvillo ?was. 'Lor' bless you, sir. lie's a real gontloman ; ju«t like yourself. But ho'» a digger, an' a lucky one, too. Why, ho's tho man that swam the creek, risking his blessed life to get you somb medioincs and fuod across. Now ho's off 70 miles to fetch a doctor for jou. There's not a belter man in north Queensland than Dick Melvillo this pretent day.' Ono day when Mrs. Groy camo to watoh by her husband's bed, though she was herself very weak, ho questioned her too, aud then he knew that Dick Melvillo of 'White Mountain Creek, was the eame Diok ;Melville he had known in England. On his sick' bod Groy'w eoul became chastened and spiritualised. ' Drawing his wifo's hand, almost as thin and weak aa his own, into his; he whispered: ' Alice,, dearest, can you forgive mo? You have beena good wife to nie, though I don't deserve1 much kindness .from' you. I robbed . jou of your 'first and only love. God forgive me!. 1 didn't deservo you,. Alice; I was too Eclfith;' and billy 'tHoitgh't of my 'happiness— r.ot'6f;your8!: I loy'cd; yoii— but'not^en'oujjli. If I had loved 'yoti'iribro I' shbiild 'have 'cou- Mdcrcdyqu'r'happiiioRF, tint mine.'1 ''' ' : ' '?Tboflelfleli; too selfish,''/ Grey 'muttered, ? aljnciit'! Josjnjr /ejonseiQuMicss j as ' ' tho ' painful iticughft'iirowdeet'oh liifii. \\[:[ '?'?' ' '',. ' ' ^'.',' His wife's tears fell on his face. She wns too agitated to epeak. She gently_ slid one arm round his' neck, and pressed her lips to. his. Then thu sick man faintly smiled, and a' look of lovo, suoh lovo as had never boon there before, enmo into his fading eyes. ?';'? 'Alico, you aro very good ;' you aro an angol. To obey your father you wrdokod your heart ; und yet you havo tried to conooal it ull from me. You were smiling at grief and trying to mako my homo happy. God will rowaru you — I cmnot ; I am going to dio. I feel the hand of death is even now upon mo. Whoro is Frank r' Tho distracted mother tottered from tho room, and brought her curly-headed darling to tho bedf-ido, ' Kiss papa, Franky,' said tho dying man. His little sou throw his arms round his father's neck and kept his face to his. Tho poor little fellow commenced to sob. Ho felt that somo thing terriblo wns tho matter, but he was too young to properly understand it all. Death, alas! comes to every living tiling. Man can Eomctimcs frighten back tho. monster for a littlo while. Some_ the destroyer frees from siiil'ering, and to them it ia a relief. To those without a home, without a friend, and suffer irg the pangs of Bickucss, death should bo welcome. But to tho loving father and hus band death comes grim-vUagod and fearful. We shall never know how terriblo till tho death sweat gathers on our brow and we gazo with glassy eyes at the loved ones surrounding us. It will be it ell for us if when that day comes tho pain of parting bo tempered by tho memory of good deeds done on earth. ' Franky mustn't cry,' the dying father murmured in his boy's ear. 'Mamma will take care of littlo Frank, if papa dies, and when you get a big man you will tako care of mamma, won'tyou, J?rank?and always be good nnel kind to everybody.' Looking at his wife, whoso lips woro quiver ing with emotion, ho said, 'Alice, I would liko to see Dick Melville.' Melvillo eoon arrived. Placing his hand in the sick man's, Melvillo said, ' Ah, I boo you know 1110 now, Mr. Grey. I am grieved to meet you liko this,' and tho dying husband knew, in looking at those honest eyes, that tho words wero sincere, ami camo from tho heart. ?'' But whiM there's life there's hope, and many a man has been at death's elonr with tho fever and then pulled through.' ' Recovery is not for me,' Gray said, faintly. ' 1 may not live another day. I wished to see you and thank you for what you have done for mo aud Alice anel my littlo son ; mid, more, to ask you to forgive me for stealing from you tho woman who ought to havo been your bride. I knew sho loved yon, but I was too mean to lot go my prize. Melville, give me your hand again.' Placing his eoii'k littlo palm in Dick's, ho continued, ' Be kind to my boy for his mother's Fnke. Farewell ! Alice, Frank. Kiss mo once more. It is getting soon dark to-night, and I must Flcep.' Anel eo he slept. 