The North Garret. nT " BACHELOR." I am an old bachelor. If there is a human being whore nerves are made of steel, I am that individual. I have never once lost my presence of mind. I don't believe in ghosts, of course. I'm not a sensational person, I have never been in love. Once, when I was five-and- twenty-no matter how many years rgo-I thought that I was. I ,1e A pair of orown eyes, and a head of golden hair, long, dark lashes, put the notion into my head. I lost my usual good sense for a while, and proposed to Milly Basbwood, and went through the usual experiences that follow an acceptance. But I grew tired ofmy pretty toy in a few monthe, and began to see that " a young man married would be a young man marred." The-girls had lost all their interest in me, and the married ladies took to snubbing me. I had not half the files invitations I uEed to have, and, beside, old Mr. Bashwood failed, and Milly's fifty thou sand vanished into the air. She would have nothing on marriage, instead of being an heiress; and so, one day, I told her we had both made a mistake, and.she said probably I was the best judge, and gave me back my ring. It had a nine diamond in it, and I had it set for a shirt-stud at once. And of course I sent her back her letters, and she returned mine, and after that we never met again. I got out of the affair more easily than moat fellows do, and I've never got into such a one again. Perhaps when I'm old and begin to break down a little, I shall marry some nice young girl and settle down comfortably. It's a pretty good thing to do'then, but.net before one is paot fifty. Well, as I said, I saw no more of Lily, and I forgot all about her in a few years. I stand before you a practical man, untramelled by any sort of superstition, with a good income, good health, and a habit of erjoying my life -an example to all sentimental, emotional people, if I say it myself; and just in this condition I walked in at the door of Irs. Reigan' confounded old house, on the twenty sixth of July, 1S72. We had started for the Mountain HIouse, I and Bsrnard, and his trap had broken down, and there we were on a rough road, with our journey not hall over: Catslill as far behind us as the Mountain House was before us; both of ous as hungry as hunters; both dead tired. " We can't go on," said Barnard. " We can't go back." said I. Then over the store fence popped a sun bonnet, and some one cried " Your wheel has com ofit, hain't it I" On my answering that it had, and should like to know what we were going to do that night, the sunbonnet replied, , " Why, do tell! .To be surel Well, now and everybody is chock full of summer boarders, and ro be I. But I guess I can tigger it if I do a little head work. I'll put them Jackson boys to sleep with Sam, and I'llmake the help go on to the settee, and one of you shall have the kitchen chamber and one the north garret if you want. And my old man, he's a wheelwright by trade, and he'll jigger your wheel for you in three shakes of a sheep's tail." We looked at each other. I did not know how long it took a cheep to ehoke his tail, nor whether "jigger" was technioal or local. I don'tlyct. Bat I smelt coffee and ham and eggs, somewhere, and doubtless so did Barnard. '" We shall be only too glad to accept your hospitality," said he. "Half a-sovorign a day," said she. "Thai is cheap snough." "So it is," said Bsrnard. " Come, hunter." Icame. What would I have dono to a waiter who presented me with such a supper at the club i But starvation does not discrimi ate; I ate heartily. And afterward, being asked to choose between the kitchen and the north garret, I said the garret by all means. I had a vague idea that it would be farthesl removed from the rest of the establishment. It was a queer looking place, with a chim ney in the centre, the roof running from a peak in the middle to the 'floor on either aide ; one square window and one eloping one; and boxes, bags, hams, ropes of onions, and suspended dresses, adorned it in every direc tion, The bed was apparcently'stuffed with corn cobs. The pillows was of hay, and the sheets smelled of camphor, and I had a khero sone lamp by way of. illuminatiou. hlomemberiog my spring mattress, and silk quilts lined with down, at home, my vel vet carpet, the pink and white Ehade for my gas, I wonderedhow could endure.it all so calmly. But what should I have gained by making a fuec? Nothing, surely. Never trouble youreelf about the inevitable; simply ehut your eyes to it. I shut mine, having puffed the kerosene lamp out, after a blue exploeioen of some kind which made me wonder ii I were to be eubject of aparagraph " Awful Accident" in the next morning's papers. I adjoeted myself as well as possible between the softeetcorn cobs. " When one sleeps one forgots one's bed." said I. "Let me sleep." And totally refusing to notice the droning of a hidcous insect with a brown back, who could walk, fly, climb, Icap, wiggle, crawl-in short, who possessed every means of locomotion known to animated nature-I went to sleep. The moon arose that night about one o'clock; therefore it must have been about one o'clock that I awoke, for the moon was rising. You may expect me to be romantie about her; but I shall not oblige you. She was as round and yellow as possible, and came up over the mountains with her usual independence. Her light fell through the one straight window of my room, made a white sluaro on the brown-painted floor, and lit up a queer little green rocking-chair with arush bottom. For one moment I saw the chair standing empty; the next a figure occupied it-the figure of a young girl. -Her I hair, which Ecemed to be golden, fell over her shoulders. Her back was toward me, but I Eaw that ler figure was elight andi pretty, Two little white hands were clasped together, and ehe wasrocking to and fro, and moaning in a etrange, desolate seit Of a way, " This is odd," said I. "Some one hbo come into the room by mistake, doubtless, not lnowing I was here." I coughed. The young person did not hear me. I· goke. "Madame," said I, ' I presume you are not naware that-in fact, that I am here."' Then the figure arose. It turned toward me, bet again I could not see its face. It's back was to the moon. The outliuc-strangely familiar-was allI could discerr. The white robe that looked like a Ehroud, trailed after it. ' The long hair floated over it. I said to mysell very calmly, "Wero I a superstitious person, I should consider this a ghost." And still it came ne.rer, nearer, nearer. It was very embarrassing. 'Madame," I esaid again, more loudly, " I presume that you are not aware that I am here U' Aud a voice answered me-avoice I seemed to have heard bfolre, " Yes, I am as;arc of it. I came because I knaw it. I came becanuse I knew it. The she began to moasn ogaiu. She stood beside the bed now, only a few inches from me. She stretched out her cold hands. It wes time to do eomething. W'hoever absh was, I eaw thatsho was dangerous-amaniac, perhaps. I put my hand under my pillow, hbece my pietul lay. I eiced it. " \Vhoevcer you are," said I, " I presumen tnol. rore g jief, playiqg at gthoet, ILeave 11l room; I give you three seconds to do it in, I count them. At the third count I fire. One -two-three-" As I said one she retreated, pointing at me. As I counted two she drew still farther off. As I cried three she was gone. I lit that kerosene lamp and examined the room. The door was shut, and locked inside; the win dows fastened down with nails, as all windows are in rural houses. I looked behind the boxes and barrels and gowns. I felt the floor. There wasno trap-door. Yet Ehe was gone!" If I had been a superstitiousidiot, I should have said that I had seen a spirit. As it was, being a practical man, I at once argued with myself, Tough fried ham, and something called Injun puddin', whatever it may have been, has given me a nightmare-a nightmare in an unusual form, doubtless-a fair young girl in white, instead of Othello or a black dog, There are exceptions to every role. I have had a white nightmare instead of a black one, that is all. Again I put out my kerosene lamp; again I fitted myself between the corn cobs; again I slept;'again I woke, to find a figure-the same figure-bending over me. It was moan ing still, but this time it was doing more; two hands, as cold as ice, were about my throat, pressing hard upon it. I was choked to death, "What are you about ?" cried I. catching at my pistol again. The cold hands dropped away. The girl retreated, vanished, as before. I madea new search. I argued with myself again. " Nightmares always choke one," said I. "My white nightmaro only did as others do." Bet this time though I fitted myself in amongst the corn cobs again, I found it harder to sleep, and though I slept at last, I awakened very soon-again with a hand at my throat, and a voice moaning softly, " Let me rest in my grave ! I do not want to hill him, Lstmerest !' My pistol once more drove the white figure away. But a nightmare was'a more serious thing than I had imagined. Had I ever been fool enough to drink too much I should have fancied myself the viatim of delrium tremens. But a ghost Bah II gave no admittance to that thought for a moment, If the voice, the falling hair, the touch of the ltttle hands, cold as they were, reminded me of some one I had known long ago-that was part of my disordered condition. " Never again," said I, " will I partake of that awful dish, Injun puddin', with m'lnEEee. Never i" I eat up after that, and saw the son rise for the first time in my existence. It is a chilly operation, as uncomfortable as most things are that are considered meritorious; cold baths and a German diet, for instance. Inc' naver done it since. An awful horn tooted us down to breakfast, which was principally fat pork. When I came down, the good woman of the house, already invisible at tthe end of a sunbonnet, was talking to Barnard, who is-did I tell you --an author, a writer of frightful long etories in newspapers. $"he had found him cut. u' To think it should be ran I"' she said! " You don't look a bit like I thought. 1 guesecd you had big black eyes and elegant figger, but, lor I you can't help that - and how I did look out for the next number, while ' Elg'ra, or Fortune's Victim,' was being published I I read it every word, and when she died of love, I cried. I didn't use to believe folks died of love once-but-lem. me sec-I gces3 it was fifteen years ago, I knew a case in actual life. Yes, air. You could have made a story of it, no doubt. She died in this house, in the north garret-as pretty a creature as you ever saw. Her eyes were, oh, how brown, and such lovely golden hair I Her father brought her out here one summer." " ' Mrs. Began,' says he, ' I'm afraid my girl is in a decline, but we hope something from country air.' " We'll do what we can, and mountain air is best of any, sir,' said I. "But pretty soon I saw that there was more than sickness to deal with. The night she died she told me. Yea, sir, it was a love affair. He had jilted her because her father had lost his money. He'd failed, the old gentleman had. "' I loved him so much !' said she. ' I thought him so brave and true, and so fond of me. And it was alla mookery-every look a lie, every kiss an insult, since it did not come from his heart.' "' Bt you should forget such a raseal. You should not go onloving a fellow like that,' said I. " Then she sat up in bed. I never shall forget it, "' Oh, Mlrs. Bgan,' abhe sid, 'it it just that I It is that I have grown to hate him so that I lie all night wishing that I could kill him-hatinghim as I never hated anything before ! Sometimes I think I shallcome back from the other world to do it. Ghosts are permitted to kill their murderer, they say, and he has murdered me. Yes, he has killed me,'not only my bkdy, but all therood, sweet, beautiful feelings I once had. They all died long ago. HIate, hate, hate-that is killing me. Hate of the man I once loved I' "'Oh, let me send for a minister, my dear !' I said. "Blut she mada no answer. She never spoke again. She died that night. Poor child, she was very young. , lilly laebhwood. Aged eighteen.' That in on her gravestone in the burying.ground, if you'd like to !oak at it." I don't know whether she raid anything more. Barnard says I fainted. I don't admit it, bt if I did 1 vow it was that abomin able supper. A ghost-bah! But I wouldn't a'eep in that north garret again for any for tune-practical man as I am, 