OUR STORY. THE OLD SECRETAIRE. A Christmas Story. (BY FRED. M. WHITE.) (Continued from last issue.) Chapter III. Like most men of his profession, Warren was a keen observer character ; a mys- tery delighted him equally from a busi- ness or an analytical point of view. Here, then, were all the elements for a seasonable romance—a Haunted Chamber ; a mysterious servitor of the good old orthodox type, moreover the only living historian of the tragedy—a trusted ser- vant, who had actually a personal acquain- tance, so to speak, with Edgar Warren, and who alone—Warren was sure of that —could solve a dark and blood-stained catastrophe. Morning broke with snow knee-deep in the drive, huge drifts half-way up the windows, and no prospect of any outdoor amusement. Even the rural postman had not succeeded in forcing his way through. It was, as Constance Lumley observed, when the parliament had gathered round the hall fire, a Christmas evidently to be spent quite magazine-artically. With no- thing whatever to do, and no immediate prospect of amusement, conversation be- gan to languish, till one of the party en- tered with the startling news that the ghost-light had been seen burning in the haunted wing all the previous night. Thereupon, the listeners began to thrill, and a new zest was given to the flagging flow of talk. 'Christmas Eve, the anniversary of the tragedy,' Ada Secretan exclaimed. 'I had forgotten that. To-night, the ghost walks, rapier in hand, down the dusky passage. Shall we interview him?' But in spite of the nineteenth-century civilisation and the boldness of numbers and daylight, there was no enthusiastic response to this appeal, for each looked at his neighbour, waiting for him to speak. 'Haunted Chamber or not, this is the very morning to explore those old rooms,' Walter Secretan remarked. 'What do you say to us all going?—only you girls had better put on some wraps, for it is sure to be dirty enough. Those in fa- vour of my motion, please hold up their hands.' Immediately, a host of fair fingers were extended ; and the proposal being carried nem. con., the ladies trooped away to prepare themselves for the coming excur- sion. As they began to reappear one by one, cloaked and hooded, Warren and Walter Secretan returned in rough laced jackets, bearing between them a gigantic bunch of rusty keys, a small but powerful crowbar, and a dark-lantern. A short walk along a broad flagged passage brought the sightseers to a flight of steps surmounted by a wide oak door, fitted with long iron hinges, rusty and timeworn, but still forming a powerful barrier against intruders. After some difficulty, a key was found to fit, and the creaking lock forced back by the united strength of Secretan and Warren. The bolts were drawn ; but the great iron hinges, held, till the crowbar being brought into requisition, finally the great door flew open with a sullen bang that seemed to re-echo moodily down the dim reverberating passages. A low corridor was before them, hung with ancient tapestry, torn and moth- eaten, and swaying in ghostly fashion before the cold air. Thick dust lay upon the tiled floor, deadening the sound of footsteps. Still the light of the lantern was enough to guide their somewhat hesitating steps, till at length a hall was reached, in the centre of which was a noble staircase, lighted from the roof by a glass dome, though the accumulated dust of more than half a century made day- light dim and pallid. Here every step echoed loudly ; every vibration of the voice seemed to ring as if the place was filled with mocking spirits. With some difficulty they flung back the ponderous iron shutters, and a stream of light poured in. There were rusty- armour figures in dim corners ; pictures peeling slowly from their panels on the walls ; a colony of rats scudded noislessly across the floor under the rotting wainscot. There were three rooms leading out of the hall, the doors of which they had no difficulty in opening—rooms in which old oak furniture had been placed, though the damask had mouldered and left the frames bare. There was nothing of in- terest in any of these apartments, save one or two curious ornaments ; and upon one dusty table, a pack of cards lay strewn, with a decanter and glass, the former containing a pungent sediment. Up-stairs was a long corridor contain- ing many rooms, all of which they ex- plored ; and here the girls found them- selves in their element. There were wardrobes and huge linen-chests contain- ing lace in abundance ; tarnished silver buckles and rich brocades ; lutestrings stiff as cardboard ; a rich treasure of silk and velvet enough, more than enough, of dresses from the time of the 'merrie monarch' downwards, to furnish material for a hundred ancient comedies. The fair bevy of connoisseurs drew a breath of mingled delight and envy, when this rich harvest had been gathered into a shimmering heap. They had drawn apart by ones and twos, each of the party poring over some newly-discovered treasure, as the boxes were turned out promiscuously on the floor. Point-lace collars and paste buckles, a heavy garnet signet ring, some delicate cameos, silken hose, and claret-coloured full-buttoned coats slashed with silk— every article of clothing affected by a lost generation was there. 'You don't deserve a shred of these beautiful things, Ada,' exclaimed Althea Wynne, drawing a long breath of unal- loyed admiration. 'Fancy allowing all these things to moulder here for years and years!' ' 'O'er all, there hung the shadow of a fear,' ' Warren quoted.—'Miss Wynne, I am afraid you are a Radical—you cannot understand the reverence due to one's an- cestors,—And now, confess, Miss Secre- tan, have you not been just a little afraid to ransack these sacred apartments?' 'A little, perhaps,' Ada confessed. 'I almost feel guilty of sacrilege now. What do you say to carrying our spoils away? I think we have done enough.' 'Without invading the sanctity of the ghostly chamber!' cried Miss Lumley. 'Perish the thought!—Mr. Secretan lead the way!' But here the first difficulty arose. No one knew sufficiently the geography of the rooms to point out the mystic-apart- ment. All Secretan knew was that the chamber looked out upon a green court- yard facing the east wing, and that it was lighted by an oriel window. At the end of the corridor the explorers found an- other room facing them, which, after a little cogitation and some speculation as to their exact latitude, Warren declared must be the place of their search. To their surprise, they found this door barred with iron let into the solid masonry, so strongly, indeed, that half an hour's ex- ertion at least was required before they could wrench away sufficient of the bar- riers to try the key. At this critical mo- ment, swift footsteps came unheeded to- wards the eager group, and Warren felt himself dashed aside with a force scarcely credible in the feeble frame of the in- truder. 'Hold, hold, I say! Have you no reverence for the dead?' Silas Brookes was standing with his back to the door, a flashing rapier in his hand. He seemed to have thrown off half a century of years ; his figure, no longer bent and halting, was drawn up to its full height, a bright colour gave an air of youth to the shrivelled cheek ; his keen eyes flashed with all the fire and brilliancy of perfect manhood. For a few moments the group started back in some alarm, and not a little fright amongst the girls, who clung to each other in unaffected fear. 'What is the meaning of this folly?' Secretan demanded, the first to recover himself. 'Brookes, you forget yourself. Go back into the house immediately, or we shall know how to treat you. You are alarming the ladies by this conduct.' But the words might have fallen on ears of stone. The old man stood with one hand behind him, as if protecting some unseen treasure, the other held forward the rapier, prepared to pierce the first in- truder. 'Shall we make a rush for him?' War- ren whispered, his blood up by this time. 'We could easily overpower him be- tween us.' 'Think of the girls,' Secretan replied between his teeth. 'I am afraid we shall have to beat an ignominious retreat. Confound it! This comes of keeping a madman on the premises ; and yet I don't like to give in.' Warren for reply was about to advocate extreme measures, when a happy thought struck him. After all, the situation had its ludicrous aspect ; but he was too in- tent on his new plan to see this now. He whispered a few words in his friend's ear to the effect that he was to get the party away, and leave him to face the strange custodian of the Haunted Chamber. 'You have some scheme in your head?' Walter asked. Warren nodded. He had a scheme, though it had scarcely taken shape as yet. Nevertheless, it was with a certain feeling of relief that he heard the echoing foot- steps of his party dying away in the dis- tance. Then he turned a pair of fearless gray eyes full upon the guardian, standing in the same watching attitude, and com- manded him to lay aside his weapon. Brookes threw the rapier on the stone floor with a resounding crash. It was an hour later before Warren stepped into the hall again, where he found the late adventure still being dis- cussed by a batch of tongues. But if they expected any story of wild adventure, to hear the history of some gruesome tragedy or hidden treasure, they were mistaken. He simply pointed out to them the fact that the old servant was not so much to blame for his conduct as they thought ; but that it was more their fault, the simple fact being that the faithful valet was aghast at the idea of the room sacred to his beloved and revered master being given over to ruthless plunderers. In- deed, so smoothly did the wily dramatist put the case, that public opinion, which had been strongly against the obstreper- ous Brookes, rapidly veered round in his favour, till some of the actors in this af- fecting little comedy began to feel some- what ashamed of the part they had played. 'Poor old man!' said Edith Lucas pity- ingly ; 'and all this time we have been accounting him a dangerous madman. I'm so glad!' Warren smiled under his moustache ; and Walter Secretan, turning towards him, caught the look of amusement in his friend's eyes. Presently, under cover of the conversation, he got alongside him, and, in a cautious whisper, demanded an account of the interview. 'Too long to tell you now,' Warren murmured. 'Only, if that old gentleman is mad, there is method in his madness. —Wait in the dining-room after dinner till the rest have gone, and I will tell you my plan.' They had some time to wait, for it being Christmas Eve, the meal was a long and elaborate affair. It was nearly ten before the last frou-frou of skirts announced the disappearance of the ladies, and nearly half an hour later before the Squire and Colonel Lucas sought the drawing-room with many a sly allusion and bald plati- tude concerning the want of gallantry of the present generation. Walter closed the door behind them with a parting shot, and, taking a cigarette from his case, composed himself to listen to Warren's plan of campaign. 'Did it ever strike you what a fine place this west wing would be for a gang of smugglers or coiners?' Warren com- menced. 'You are not far from the high- road, within easy walking distance from the sea, and not a single servant in the house dare be near the haunted part of the house after dark. Why, they would be safer there than in London!' 'What are you driving at?' asked Wal- ter uneasily. 'Simply this—that your faithful old servitor knows something about those rooms he is in mortal fear some one else should discover. I need not tell you that my little romance touching his lifetime's devotion was a pleasant fiction. Walter, there is something going on here and we must find it out.' 'I am afraid I don't quite follow you,' Secretan returned. 'You see, if there had been anything going on, as you sug- gest, all these years, we must have heard something of it. Depend upon it, poor old Brookes's brain is giving way. Re- member, he isn't far short of ninety.' 'So more mad than I am. I convinced him diplomatically that there would be no further interference on our part, and you should have seen the look of relief on his face—it was a study for an artist. Now, in the next place, as to these ghostly lights they talk about— 'They certainly do exist,' said Secretan with quiet conviction. 'I have seen them myself many a time when I was a boy.' 'That exactly confirms what I say Warren exclaimed triumphantly. 'Now look at it from a common-sense point of view. Can you believe for a moment that the lights are the work of supernatu- ral agency?' 'It certainly seems contrary to common sense.' 'It's contrary to all kinds of sense— Now, listen here. After I had smoothed the old rascal down this morning, we fell into conversation, and by degrees I learnt a good deal of the life of your ghostly an- cestor ; and, with all due deference to your family pride, I must say a more thorough-faced scoundrel seldom existed. Though, perhaps, the less I say about rascally ancestors the better. Under pre- tence of wanting a window open, I lured Brookes away, and while his back was turned, I opened Bluebeard's chamber with the key.' 'Did you go in?' Secretan asked in- terestedly, for by this time he had caught some of his companion's enthusiasm. 'It was too risky, especially after I had soothed the old boy's feelings so nicely. All I wanted was to know if the key would fit. It will fit. Now, on every Christmas Eve at midnight that light is seen ; so the legend runs. If you are game for a little healthy excitement, you and I will know before morning the origin of this mysterious illumination.' 'You can count on me,' Secretan re- turned, rising and walking up and down the room, to conceal his excitement.— 'How do you propose to do it?' 'I propose to do it now, and in this way. It's past eleven ; all the others are safe in the drawing room, and we shan't be missed for an hour. They'll think we are in the billiard-room. A couple of pea- coats, a dark lantern, and a brace of re- volvers, and our preparations are com- plete. Is it a bargain?' A burst of merry laughter as they passed the drawing-room door, mingled with the sound of a piano and some one singing, told the conspirators they had not been missed. As they crept silently along the quiet passages, feeling their way—for they dared not show a light from the dark lantern—the stable clock chimed the three quarters after eleven. A few minutes later, after a cautious walk along the un- accustomed corridors, they found them- selves at length on the threshold of the chamber where, 56 years ago, that very night, Arundel Secretan had ended his wasted life in his last hour of despair. Cautiously turning the key with many a creak and groan, the great door swung slowly open, and a second later, the con- spirators found themselves safely inside. Despite the fact of undoubted courage and resolution, each of them was con- scions of a certain quickening of the heart and tightness of breath, which came as near fear as it was possible. A feeble moon was trying to struggle through a rushing mass of pendulous clouds, lighting the great oriel window ; there was a cold icy draught in the apartment, chilling the adventurers in spite of their additional clothing. As their eyes gradually be- came accustomed to the gloom, they noticed a funeral bed to the right of the window with sombre trappings shaking in the wind ; and placed in the centre of the window an an- cient secretaire with a high carved back, and countless drawers down either side. Had the place been kept sweet and dean, the rats and mice, and all-destroying moths driven away, the apartment might have been termed luxuriously furnished. As Warren and his friends noticed these things, the stable clock gave out the hour of twelve with mournful cadence as the notes were borne away on the breast of the wind. 'Now for the family ghost,' Warren whispered eagerly—"the witching hour has come.—Is your revolver all right? Walter?' 'I hope you won't do anything rash,' said Secretan cautiously. 'Mind, no firing, if it is possible to avoid extremities.— Hist! what was that noise? Verily, we are going to see something after all.' Scarcely were the words out of his mouth, when the apartment began to be filled by a faint luminous light under the window, throwing the rest of the chamber into deepest shade. The illumination growing stronger, appeared to come from behind the old secretaire. Presently, above it rose two small points of flame, two wax candles in ancient silver candle sticks, and something which gratified the watchers' curiosity indeed. The holders of these lights—a man in the prime of life, with handsome features and full-bot- tomed wig, was dressed in plush knee breeches and white silk hose ; his feet clad in shoes, latched with heavy silver buckles. He wore also a peach-coloured velvet coat, slashed with pearl-gray silk, and ornamented with gold basket buttons, by his side, as was the fashion of the period, he carried a long rapier in an ornamental leather scabbard. For a mo- ment he stood with his back to the se- cretaire, gazing earnestly around, then apparently satisfied with his scrutiny, turned the desk on which he placed the candles, aud took out a bundle of papers. At this grave moment, the watchers en- grossed by this sadden apparition, with its pale deathlike features, were so startled that Warren burst into a sudden exclamation. Immediately the figure rose and confronted them ; they saw. the rapier flash from its sheath, as the shade of Arundel Secretan arose and started forward. But at this moment a gust of wind blew out the candles, leaving the apartment in darkness ; there was a short mocking laugh ; and by the time Warren had sufficiently recovered him- self to swing round the slide of his lan- tern, the figure had vanished, leaving not the semblance of a trace behind. There was the bundle of papers, but where was the spectre? That he could not have left by the door was clear, for that was fast shut, and search as they might, they could find no other exit. It seemed almost like a dream—the sudden entrance, the wonderful disappearance of the lights, and, last of all, the still more wonderful spiriting away of the figure. Secretan sat down trembling in every limb ; his face was white and set, while great beads of perspiration stood upon his forehead. 'Come away from this,' he said hoarsley. 'It is like tampering with a dead man s secret. Warren, as sure as I am a living man, I have seen my ancestor, Arundel Secretan, to-night!' 'Arundel Secretan be hanged!' said Warren contemptuously, as he placed the packet of papers in his pocket for future and closer reference. 'Your nerves are all unstrung. It was that cunning old scoundrel Brookes, man! I could swear to those sinster eyes among a thousand.' 