THE STORYTELLEK. AN IDYL OF 'SIXKIN1 MOUNT'IN.' (Dt the AuTHon of 'Two PiUxavtats.') ( FROM THE CEXTCnr. ) Chaptek I. Ezekiei. Obadiah Svkes leaned over the tumble-down split picket fence that had once kept the pigs and chickens from his mother's humble ilower-garden, and gnzed fixedly at the mountain before him. He was not a striking figure, beinsr lank and some what round-shouldered. It was not even picturesque. A pair of worn jean trousers covered his lower limbs, and were held in place bv knit 'galluses,' which crossed the back of his cotton shirt exactly in the middle and disappeared over his shoulders in well-deiined grooves. A stained and battered wool hat hung like a bell over his head, which rested by his chin upon a red, rou^li hand. The face was half-covered by a reddish brown beard the first of his budding manhood. The sun had justsunk beyond the mountain, and the great shadow that crept across the single field of starving corn and the tobacco patch deepened into twilight, and still the young man rested on the pieket- ience. Occasionally he would eject into the half-defined road, which rame' around one side of the mountain and disappeared around the other, a stream of tobacco-juice, and pensively watch it as it lined the 'ravel and vanished into the soil with something like a hnman 'asp. Once he lifted a bare foot, and with a prolonged elVort scratched with its horny toes the calf ot tiie supporting leg. But by no motion did he dissipate the air ot' list lessness and 'despondency that hung about him. Fortune Had not smiled upon the Sykes family for many moons. There were no pigs to disturb the liower-narden overrun with prince's-feathers, bachelor's-buttons, four-o'clocks, old-maids, and sunllowers, and the dismounted gate leaned restfully against the post on which it had once hung. Somehow everything in the neighbourhood of the Sykes cottage seemed inclined to lean towards something else. The cow was long gone, and the tiny little boarded shed, which straddled live sparkling spring branch near at hand and served once as a dairy, was lurching towards the hillside. Near the staggering fence was tv bench that had settled back auainst it, thrusting its legs well to the front, and there once nestled a score of beehives ; but none remained, and only the great yellow and maroon butterilies that iloated down the valle', anil the bumblebees, revelled in the honey-ilowers. Perhaps 'the inlluence of these facts weighed upon the- young man's mind and cast a shadow darker than the mountain s. Cer tainly, as he leaned silently over the picket, he was in harmony with the surroundings. A girl came out into the twilight ot the little porch, where vines were clambering pell-mell up a rounh trellis ot peeled rods, and carefully poured water from a gourd into a dozen tiny pots along the edge. The pots consisted of gourds and of tin cans that had been brought home by Ezekiei from the refuse of the great hotels at the Falls, ten mile3 or more away. JJut tht-y answered her purposes well, only they presented a somewhat incongruous appearance ; for on stveral from which bloomed lovely geraniums ? cuttings secured by Ezekiei from character-studying ladies at the same hotels — ilamed great red tomatoes, and where little sprigs of coleus beamed in the shadow shone alao phenomenal asparagus and the violet-hued lobster. The dress of 'the girl was a well-worn but neat-checked homespun, and at the throat was a bit of faded ribbon. ' B'rindy, yub seen Ezekiei ?'' An elderly woman in homespun, of the same design as the girl's, stood in the doorway that led irotn the kitchen upon the porch, holding a coffeepot in hand. 'Xo, ma'am. Zeke ! On-h-h-h, Zeke!' The girl lifted her head, and sung out the name until the mountain and the valley gave it back again and again. ' What yuhwarnt, D'rindy?' The voice came from so close at hand in the gathering shadows as to startle her. ' Well, I d'clar' ter goodness' sakes, Ezekiei, what yah doin' out thar?* ' Nuth'n.' The reply was low and careless. ' Come in an* Kit yuh vittuls.' 'Don't warnt nuth'n', Ma. Yob-all eat.' The woman looked out at the lone figure for a moment, then went in: and presently the girl thoughtfully followed. At the table, upon which was a pone of corn- bread, a pot of weak coffee, and a liandless pitcher of molasses, the elder said — *' i to. feered Ezekiei ur' ailiu'. Las' night he would n' tech vittuls, an' hit ain't no better ter-night.' 'Suthin' 's pesteriiv 'im,' Dorinda said simply; ' er-pesterin' es mine.' -An old man sat next to her and shook his head. 'VA.51 Hers, all liers '.' he muttered, lie was evidently very deaf, and thare was not a hair on his head, which was sunken between his shoulders. ' Thar warn't nair' still !' The women paid no attention to his mattering?, and presently, finishing his sop, he wiped hi3 fingers upon * his hips and shuttled into the corner of the fireplace, where he mumbled to himself awhile and then fell asleep. 'Yea, suthin' 's pesterin' 'im,' said the old woman after a pause. 'Kzekiel ain't like esse'i.' The girl rested her elbows on the table and watched her companion absently. Presently she said abruptly — ' Aun' Betiey, yuh reck'n Zeke hain't still er-frettin' 'boat Sal Jioler g'utia* j'ined ter 'er feller?' Maybe so ; but I reck'n hard times got more ter do 'ith it. Ezekiei don't see no chance ahead now.' She sighed, bat added, as if to counteract its effect, 'Hot that I'm distrustin'. Th' Lord rll pervide : He alias pervides fur them us leans on 'im.' Dorinda looked wistfully up into the face of her ageing com panion and was silent. Presently she rose and washed the few dishes, placing them upon their shelf. A few deft touches restored the room to its usual scrupulously neat condition. Jleturning the coffeepot to the hearth asrain and the remaining bread to the spider for 'Zeke,' as she had always called him, in defiance of his mother's example, she went quietly to her little shed-room at the end of the porch and sat down to think. She was Dorinda Mad d ox, not Sykes, the daughter of a poor woman down the valley who died in the arms of Mrs. Syke*«, five years before, leaving nothing she might call her own but this one lonely child. Her father and her brother had been killed in a tight with revenue officers, and the hairless driveling old man within the kitchen had suffered two years of imprisonment ; for the blood shed had not all been on one side. She had come into this household to share its increasing burdens and diminishing income, but not to eat the bread of idleness. Never had mothe'r a tenderer daughter ; never an orphan a better mother. Zeke had been her one playmate and protector, and the little room, bmlt when she grew older, was the result of his rough carpentry. I wunner ef he e3 er-frettin' 'bout Sal Eoler Rittin' j'ined ':' she asked herself. The romance was familiar to her iu all its P»rts from the day when Ezekiei was smitten until faithless Sal wedded a stranger from beyond the mountain, and he sunk back into despair and silence. She stood up before a little fragment of gloss and looked at herself. It wns a tiny room indeed, but marvellous in its appointments. The bare boards were frescoed with autumn leaves, their tints making a glory in the half-lit place. Clusters of chestnut-burrs garnished with them hung around, and here and there, in scraped cow-horns thrust into crevices, were tucked great bunches of ferns and scarlet berries and goldenrod. A half-dozen cheap prints cut from periodicals picked up at the Falls filled the wuste places, and festoons of bead-corn linked them together. But just above her glass was a cheap photograph of Zeke, taken years before in the mountains by a strangling photographer whom he had guided, representing him, as he had seen the xomantic tourists, posing in the shadow of a rock, his hat in one hand, and the other, lor the want ot a coat, tluuat into his half- open shirt-front — a bare-footed moun tain. boy wb.O3e honest eyes looked straight into hers. .This had been, from the day Ezekiei brought it home, the treasure of her girlhood. The frame about it was like none other in the world. \t was uiude of mica, made of sheets larger than any man's hand, and upon their surface with a needle ah« ^.f'^nJS & butterilies. ilowers, and leaves, rubbing soot into 'f.''' ~ make the ficures stand forth. This was her gem , and °nce » travelling artist who gazed upon i^said that it was wonder any true to nature, and offered to buy it He m.1Kuir 0011^1 n. rudl bartered for her eyes. The little room held only ,herflc?u^' Vton! chest, a splint rocker, and a stool-all Zeke s work-a ™own atone bowl, and a great jug-shaped gourd which served ior .a ?W£hei. As the girl stood in brown reverie before *1.ienJ'?»™*'_t?; glass she heard a horse approaching at a lox-trot, and presently ft ^ive^Ez^l, how ez time er sarving you ttn' : youm r She recognised the drawl of an old ' hard-shell P«aeher who at long intervals came to hold forth in the neighbourhood. Ihen Ezekiel's voice — ' Po'Iy, Parson. 'Light?' ... ,,..,, „.„,.„ u ' No ; I'm goin ter lie at Sis' Toomer's ter- night ^ ill see juh out ter Zebberlon come er-Sunday. Th' road ha; n t ther bes an hit 's er-cittin' dark— whoa ! Oh, Ezekyel'— she heard the horse, which had started, checked again— 'seen bal Boler cross the line las' month. Th' critter she war er-j ined ter es dead. Thecirl in her little room clasped her hands and sunk back on the couch. She conld but hear what followed. ' Yuh don't say !' _. . . . . ' IJe'n dead fo' months come er-Friday. She am t furgot you, Ezekyel.' Here the speaker chuckled. 'She do say that ef her life was ter come roun' ter be lived ergin, shed ue iMistia EzekyellSykes down iu llaccoon Holler.' . ' Did Sal say hit for er lac,' Parson Y' II is voice was low. 'She said hit fur er fac' ; an' Sal hain't er-need 11 no man ter git vittuls fur her. The Lord lie has blessed her more n many er prayin' ooman an' the mother er chillum, er rer blessed be His holy name, er rer ! An' I say hit er-wondenn , not er-lindin fault. Yes, Sal's cot Ian' an' stock ; no eend er stock. 1 The girl heard his horse's footfalls echo out in the distance. She waited long. Then Ezekiei entered the kitchen, and she followed quietly and placed his bread upon the table. He passed into the only remaining room without noticing her. ' Ma,' she heard him say quietly, as was his way, ' git me ap 'bout light I'm coin' ter th' yan side er th' mount'm ter-morrer, an' maybe I won't git back afo' Sunday.' Dorinda turned and went out as silently as she came. In her room she threw herself face down upon the log-cabin quilt of her couch and sobbed herseli asleep. Chapter II. When Ezekiei Sykes arose next morning responsive to his mother's call, daylight was glimmering faintly on the mountain, lie took from its pegs his red jean suit, the same that Sal Boler had so often seen him in, now a little the \v0r3e for wear, donned it, putting on his one other cotton shirt. Then he slicked his hair with marrow fat from a horn, and throwing his boots, well greased, across Ins shoulder, rolled up his trousers. Prepared for his journey, he proceeded to the kitchen and possessed himself of a cup of cold coffee and the bread put aside for him. As he was passing oat his mother came to the door. 'Far ther Lor' sakes, Ezekiei, whar be yuh coin' ter, boy?' 'Ter the yan side o' th' mount'in, Ma,' he said quietly. Then he called to her from the outside — 'I reck'n yer hain't ter see me afo' Sunday.' * Well, that beats my times,' she said, gazing blankly at the open door. Presently she began to dress. ' Sunday-meetin' clothes on, an' hit er Chuesday. Hit's onpossible thet Ezekiei is settin' up ter er cal over thar — ' She paused with her dress halfover her head. 'Xo. Hit's onpossible; one erEzekiel's queer notions. The boy never war jes like yuther boys. Ter think,' she said, laughing softly, ' ter think of folks callin' him ? Doctor ' — ' Doctor Zeke !' But hit's er fac' thet he do fech sum folks 'round estonishin'Jy, an' diet's erboutall any yuther doctor c'n say.' When Ezekiei Syke3 took the road at early dawn he went northward, and a3 he strode along he whistled softly. A great change had come over him. He carried himself erect, as in olden times, and smiled responsive to his thought!}. If Dorinda could have seen him then she would said, ' Hit's Zeke come ter his own se't ergin.' The perfidy of Sal Boler had been a crush ing blow a year before ; he had suffered, and his pride had been altogether annihilated. From a self-laudatory young man he had sunk into a morose and thoughtfully distrustful one. If lie had had the power of expression he might have become a cynic in words, as he was in fact. He had borne up pretty well under the waning fortunes of the Sykes family ami the disasters which befell them all through the father; but Sal's conduct finished him at one fell blow. ''Ef her life war ter come roun' ter be lived ergin, she'd be Mistis Ezekyel Sykes down een Ilnccoon Holler,' ' he said aloud ; and then he laughed. It had been many a day since iie had laughed like that, and he realised the change. 'Zeke, less see how yer look,' he added jubilantly. He took a small bit of glas3 from his coat-pocket, thrust it behind the scale of a pine tree's bark, and solemnly surveyed his countenance. 'Hit's Zeke,' he admitted, winking and twisting his head. ' Zeke, Ezekiei Obadiah Sykes — Dr. Zeke. An' I reck'n she done a long sight worser 'n looks when she j'ined unto that Calliny feller, ef she didn't in Ian' and stock.' He took off his hat and bowed to Kzekiel in the glass, and smiled at Ezekiei in the glass, and rolled His tongue at Ezekiei in the glass. 'Ezekiei,' said he finally, 'ding yuh ole skin, ef 1 wuz ter meet 3'er on ther road I'd say, 'Tht-r goes er feller fit ter ran er tral crazy.' I would, fer er fac'. Yer ar' er bad an.' He winked with both eyes violently. ' No eend to Ian* an' stock !' With a loud guffaw he returned the rellector to his pocket, and whistling and singing by turns resumed his journey. The change that had come over him was marvellous. Ezekiei had covered about 15 miles and waa upon a better road when overtaken by a spanking team driven by a good- nntured easy-coing young man, who hailed him pleasantly. ' ' Hide, stranger ?' 'In course,' said Zeke ; 'an* glad ter get hit. How fur yer travellin t' . ' Up about .Red Creek.' ' Well, now, thet's what I calls lack,' said Zeke, as he settled down on the proffered seat. 'So 'ml.' The young man smiled at the speaker's general appearance nnd manner. His own shoes were on and blacked, and there was a well-bred business look about him that Ezekiei noticed. || Be yuh er-stayin' thar ?' t,™Ye3'\ 8aid f»e stranger, looking at him keenly bat slyly. \v here do you hail from ?' ' Raccoon Holler.' 'Farming?' ' Some, an' er-docterin' some.' - - i^Li^°r?afcJldo?^r- t,hen' Allopathic or homeopathic?' Ezekiei reflected. 'Mostly yarbs,' he said. Be?tlonfter°a.?.»Heda?ain- 'Iaee; °neot nataw'. doetom J/nder ^Ws pattering admission Ezekiei expanded at once. 'Ido, indeed.' mSuffwSSJr1* hU hand* UQladtokno'rQa- What ' Tom Summers.'' 'Sf* P?ek.iel Obadiah Sykes,' he said gravely. haVe^ourco!np0anyf»U' D°& lfc ta lone80me »» here ; **d to nause-' Bu i'd «rJ^.neSOme'' »d.m-'ed EzekieL Then, after a ' ^iSfTnhwn'r.VMi^l .?'ou- kin-ie.c itched me erwhile back tmtur'. ' ??Ind/eTr'' boufcnatur an' er-doctering' 'cordin' ter nicked unhl''^ „* ha!.n't be-n ter school, an* what I got war ' I have no doubt of it.' ? ^===== -l'-H.^ wlr the A*011,1'* th»nS th' way hit come erhant gittin* ter be er nator'a doctor. I war er-workin* W* ? WJ er. mount in er-bantin' far arrarroofe, 'n' I hearn a voice 09^1 °n the ar' hyarin' them horses foots, er-sayin'— ' Dr 7pI« 9P'ai»a8l whatnafur' calls fur,' and I went right ter staaHn1 ^e ?atnt' day out, what hit meant Bat one day Mistis Ton y !n a»' th' mount'in, she come ter me an' anys, says she M)^*1! roui*' baby ar* mortul' sick an' ar1 continnerwally er-oiw »eke' tl-e 'tatera an' fried greens.'' ? v'rym «« rav? 'And you gave them to her?' 'Quicker ner Hghtnin' hit come ter me what wet tneanf k natur' callin , an' 1 saya, says I—' Mahaly Toomer ef m! vOut nr' mortul' sick an' ar1 er- continnenvally cryin1 iur raw Cr baby fried greena, give her raw 'taters ah' fried greens ?' ^f8ai' thet I warks off an leaves 'er stan'in* in th' road likn'J; Tlll- uv er sperrit, Mahaly told our folks nex' day that S.?1*! thet Dr. Zeke hed done gone plum crazy, but bimeby «r !?„ °ut my ways, she up an' gave the chile hits 'taters an' fried P« *',?' ' Death was instantaneous, I suppose ?' Sreens.' 'Death! Why, ther chile ar' ter-day ther out.8tr'nDinMMl in Unban County.' I'P'nest boy The stranger laughed. ' Well, that was wonderful indeed. But, doctor a#*;nn 1 what would you do if nature should call for something ^?»'Tl season ':' b ouc of Dr. Zeke pursed up his lips, and, looking up acro39 the mOnn tains, scratched lua chin. »«cinomw 'Natur',' he said presently, 'hain't goin' ter call fnt tl.«f which natur -ham t cot— thet is, ginerally. But hit do som-tlm. so happen theftway.' »»'«eum8 'Then comes practice by substitute.' The stranger nassed the reui3 while he went down into a leather case for ci-'ara. 'No,' said the doctor; hit won't work that er way Nnw thar war Sis' Debory Jinkins, which word come es 8hewa'taei7wi with er longin' fur watermillion, when watermillions wnr loml gone ; an' I, knowin' that gourds war somewhat urter th' maka er th' watermillion — sorter half kin on one side, anyhow— hnH um fetch er green gourd, an' weputhitdown Sis' Debory's throat he ma er-holding her, fur she did kick pow'ful, bein' natur'lv of a contrerry natur' an' havin' no longin' fur thet eend oE the water million family. We put it down her throat — ' ' 1 suppose it satisfied her longing for watermelon.' 'Yes, hit satisfied her longin' fur most ev'ythin' iur erwhile ? leastways, she never said nutbiu' moreerbout watermillions ? bat Sis' Debary come nigh unter death with colic ato' mornin' an1 sence thet time I hain't hed faith in substytoots. Ef natur' calls fur what natur' hain't got, I argy thet hit ain't Dr. Zeke thet'a ter blame ; an' 1 ginerally waits ontel natur' calls for suthing ter hand.' Something like five miles hod been covered during theexposi. tion of the Sykes theory of medical practice, when Ezekiei aud. den ly changed the subject. 'Stranger yuh ever hyar er th' Widder Martin— Sallie Boler thet war, up een lied Crick settlement?', he asked. 'Yes, indeed. Nice'woman she is, too.' The stranger apoke without hesitation. Ezekiei was silent for a minute; then, unable to contain the secret any longer, he continued— '* Well, hit's 'bleeged ter come oat. I'm er-courtin' th' same.' ' Indeed ! Bally boy, and good lack to yon ! Is she pretty well fixed?' 'Fixed?' 'Got any land — money?' ' Er whole county, an' no eend er slock.' - ' Go in, old fellow, and win I' said his companion impressively. 'And you are really courting her?' 'Thet'a what er said. Ever meet her, stranger f' 'Oh, yes. The widow and I are good friends. '- ' Vuh dun'tsay !' ' We are, indeed.' ' ' Then, stranger, yah stop erlong 'ith us ter-night She'll be pow'ful glad ter see 'er ole tnend, an' anybody thet Ezekiei Sykes brings '11 be welcome ter the bes'.' For a full hoar and a halt Ezekiei held forth upon the subject that waa consuming him, but when at length they reached a little branch he called ' Whoa!' and the willing hone came to a halt. : ?'? ': ' Stranger,' said he, ' will you hole up er minute t«ll I spruce er bit?' ' Why, certainly.' Ezekiei alighted from the baggy, and, washing his feet in the stream, wiped them upon the grass and drew on his boots. After this he stuck the little glass in a tree again, put on.hiscont, and producing a, faded red cravat proceeded to tie it about' his neck. Then he combed his well-oiled locks with his linger* ? ' Thet '11 do for th' widder,' he said as he climbed back into the buggy. , ' The two journeyed along pleasantly until the summit of the ridge was reached and the opposite valley lny spread before them. Here the stranger, after a few minutes' rellection, said,- his eyes twinkling— . . t . ' Dr. Sykes, perhaps I ought to have mentionea it before, bat the fact is I married Widow Martin myself two week9 uga Ezekiei looked at him blankly tor a full minute, then reached out and caught the lines, and with a slow steady pull brouant the horses to a standstill. The stranger's face was a» calm and im passive as a June sky. ' Yuh don' say !' he exclaimed in a hoarse whisper. ' Fact. Bat don't turn back on that nccoant. Any friend ot mine will be welcome to Sal. Besides, she wants to see yon, tor 1 have heard her say so.' , . , Ezekiei still surveyed him piteoualy. Then he slowly reached down and drew off lirat one and then the other boot. His cravat waa returned to his pocket. Springing to the ground, he caugiii the line nearest him. , ? t 'Stranger,' he said, ' Widder Martin's new huabun s er-goin ter get wuupped ! Oh, yuh need n' laugh !' , . 'Sykes,' said his late companion, wiping thetears from uis eyes and still shaking, ' let go that line.' , .. , ?. 'I'm the bes' man in Xtabun County,' said Ezekiei, dancing in the road. ' Come down, come down.' 'You're the biggest fool !' Ezekiei was fairly boiling with race. . nn ''Light, 'light!' he yelled. Then as the stranger made no motion to comply, Ezekiei began to kick the nearest horse in t»e stomach with all his might, and thnt animal responded by /™''* and plunging violently. The stranger ' lit.' UnfortlJnatfy0yJaa Ezekiei. he was caught in the act ot pulling off »U3 coat. «?» a doomed man from the outset. For about three n1'?01,6? f , ^ was nn animated spectacle in the road, and then ?t'ze*Jflh'va from the spot, as was perfectly proper, since he coma 1 na« accomplished nothing desirable by remaining, and tne ?'''* was at white heat. Kicking the horse had upset his temper cow P ^o'nfound the fellow !' he said ; 'I've ogieatmind to carry off hiB boots and coat' . , ..._, when Bat be did not, and nature's physician regained them wn the coasts were cleared, and, bleeding and dazed, tooK 'iB '*ju track. At the little branch he stuck his glass in tne '*e_early and began an examination of himself. One ^..'nriniariea closed, his lip was cut, and his nose was swollen. ^»'^r';me |,e helped to make him the unhuppiest of mortal* -Long 1 »«' . studied himself in silence. Presently he said, a great tear w* from the blackened eye — . , „, »heteflr. 'Ef 'e had n' er-got een thet ar fuat sab-binder annei tw» e^ afo' Igotouten th' coat, Widder Martin's new haabun/-,ftmined iner r-oraer lix 'n thet.' He checked the tears ana e*» ne himself critically. Finally he said more calmly— llli WB complete an' no mis take.' i,««,pwiird he As he slowly and paint ally resumed his journey ™-™j™ ahe'd addeI-''Et her life war ter come round tet ; be .lived e«'»'^ .?? be Mistis Ezekyel Sykes down een Raccoon Holler, sne w He shook his head pitifully-' O Sal, Sal; my heart arpi ?« broke I' ??»-?. ===:===L CHATTER. III. 1 „ i -nL-pa Ezekiel, what aila-yuh, boy?' Again the Bhadow ! ''Lall8°nf mountain was deepening over the little cottage, I of *uSKf«nre bruised, weary, and disconsolate, Ezekiel Sykea ; when, ]o.0.'' piV ;n through the open gate arid dropped hia boots drngped »'m8='f the porch, hia coat beside them. His mother's ap,°?ntinn i roused him, and he raised a quizzical face to hen—a Baltttotion ro'o . mother couid imve recognised. A faint fwTieWilSered among the few- clearings upon it-a dim ghost of llia. ™d ^I^th' yan side of the moun'in, Ma !' ITe sank upon u i « «ter- and rested his, chin. upon his hand. ' An1 I hain't the tOiP-.f' much erbout .hit ter:nigbt.' . er*,m woman checked her seconds exclamation. She was used x J ?S vou'c man's mooda ; and, besides, the results of the fist toihBin?? Wte were perfectly familiar to her in that rough nnd Bknii ««, whi8ky and, exciting elections. But for Ezekiel country' h -n tjioae piping days of peace bearinp: evidences oMmvinS figured on the losing side ot; a scrimmage was alto ^wpHb?' she said, 'tell yuh ma how hit come erbout?' r- i!p1 eie'cted a stream of tobacco_-juice from between hia iiaii iir-3 and wiped them gently with, the back of his hnnd. 'TTitall come uv one Bub-bihder: uriner that ar ear ; hit war i «.«Ifi when I war er-pvillin' outer my coat an' my arm hit war '1m- n-ter the sleeve. Ef th' mountfin hitae'f hed er-fell thar, ? f W er-be'n erbout ther size er thet ar lick. But, ma, cook thin'nuiclr Hit's be'n nigh onter two mortal days sence I autnui q want noi,ody er-laughin* at Ezekiel Sykea, an' so I mo hon'cry all ther way back.' » Whv aakes erlive, ther boy mus' be er-perishin'. Set right thar, Kzekiel, an' don't yuh move er peg till 1 git er pone er bread ^Th'e'wod^woman bustled off and disappeared. While this brief sfcne was' enact ing, Dorinda stood wjthin the shadows of her little room, her fingers clasped and eyes set eagerly upon the pair. Her mother's form had but disappeared in the kitchen when she elided out and sank upon her knees at the young man's Bide, her iiniui upon his shoulder. 'OZeke, Zeke!' she whispered, 'lemme do suthin' fur yuh ! Are yuh hurted bad, Zeke?' He gazed nt her with hia one open eye , a full minute before renlying. The look was so comical, so utterly, foreign to him, so pathetic withal, that she finally threw her head back and liiushed until the valley seemed to swarm with silvery echoes. Kzekiel blinked wisely at her. ? ''D'rindy,' he said, 'yuh better laugh fur two ; I ain't ekil ter And so she did. Her emotion, which was deeper than the occasion, ran off in laughter that approached the hysterical. '0 Zeke !' she pnaped,. ;'8'posen 'thet ar pictur' man bed er took yer ter-dny !' Zeke's queer smile eume out again, gamboled pitifully in the small clearings of his countenance, and went back with a suddenness that was grotesque. The girl was still hold in' her sides, but presently she wiped her eyes with her apron. '0 Zeke,' she saidj 'I'm so sorry ! What can I do for yuh?' 'Natur' is er-callin* for suthin' ter co innards,', he declared ornculnrly, 'sech es i ma gits up ; on* I reck'n aa how natur' ought ter be callin' fur suthin' ter, go. outside. Get some water, D'rindy. Ef hit had n' er be'n fur thet arleadin' sub-binder— ' Iiut the girl had glided-, into her room and caught up her crock. She sped out to the little rivulet, sparkling icy cold from the spring. Presently she came back with it lull and placed it on the step. .??'? . ? . 'Now, Zeke.' she said, 'yuh jes set down thar on th' nex' step an' lay yuh head in my lap— so ! Now keep still;'- Her plump little hand cupped water against the swollen places of hi his head, and as she bathed them thus the young man, soothed and quieted, ever raid anon gazed up into her violet eyes and Hashed face. r ' I declar' ter goodness, D'rindy,' he Baid, seeking for some way to express his gratitude, 'yuh han' 'sea aof es er moss-patch, an' yuh ea putty es th'/sunset on th' mount'iri.' ? 'Shut yer jaw, Zeke ; yer pokin' fun at me! An' yuh eyes can' see tepnight, nuther.' ? : Still her heart beat fast and strong. I r. was the first compli ment a man had ever paid to her looks. She might live out her lonely life unblessed here in the valley, and the horizon of her daily existence be the .long blue peaks and her simple household7 duties ; but the memory of the words that she had heard would dwell with her always: Her soul could thrive upon a crust that other women would apurn. . Silence fell upon them, the gliding water lapping the bruised face and lullabying the perturbed spirit, the soft hand of the girl weaving a spell for the-, wounded warrior. Long time they sat thus, and ever and anon his single eye sought the face above, it. . Something of wonder was stirring within him. Hera was a beautiful face ; he had never known it before. He had seen ijb a thousand times ; how; was it that the fact had escaped him ! 'Shear* putty as ther sunset on ther'mount'in,' he assented dreamily, endorsing his own compliment ; 'an' er dern sight puttier.' The remaining, orb blinked at her dreamily and closed beside its mate. - ' What yuh spying, tZeke?' . I war er-sayin' er dern sight puttier; thet's what I wer ersayin',' he answered faintly. '\\\ho?' Bhe aalced softly. Then presently she added, 'Scl floler?'' One of Ezekiel's eyes opened wide ; the other struggled in vain beneath its thick blue curtain. 'Who said Sal Boler?' She turned her face; away and fixed her gaze upon the distant peaks. Iler reply was just audible and full of pathos— luh went thar, Zeke. I did n' mean ter hyah hit, bxit th' parson talked so loud. War Bhe trooly a widder, Zeke, an'— an' —did she trooly wanter come back an' be'Mistis Ezekiel Sykes' down een Raccoon Holler ?' It was out at last ; and the sentence seemed to end almost in a moan. One tear fell down from above him, but it splashed only N'fhttle hand that Boothed his wounds. ? D rindy,' he answered, after a long silence, 'I had er mine t3t keep my jaws shet, but hit ain't no use now. An* I don't care noway. D'rindy, Sal Boler lies done j'ined ter er city feller, ft» hitwar him what shet thet ar eye! Hit, makes yuh jump, an hit made me jump too, at iusr. D'rindy, ef any man hed *v ' i' ? ie« me yestiddy mornin' when I went outer thet gate, Kzekiel Sykes. Sal Boler is j'ined ter er city feller, an' th' city lener is goin ter lick yuh afo' night,' I'd er-said he war er dinged lool ef no worser, an' ter es face. But them or is ther two things nes come erbout.'; An' I must say, thet while I don't think no ueuer er Sal Boler, but on the contrary wise do set her down fur. « inzzy, hit mua' be 'lowed thet thar es suthin' more in city jeilera n I mostginerally have let on ; only hit ain't er £air fight ,.v °Pen up ith sub-binders on the ear when er man is hung een 'uscoat-sleeve. , An' did yuh see 'er, Zeke ?' ... 2°' .l seed whar she war said ter be er- livin', and then me coma ^^l!' thet hadeirnmea lift got ter jawin', an' hit ZT™f ou' t'et Sal Boler was done j'ined unter him two weeks or star?** S' e wo,rd. 8tarted ernuther,' he added, 'an' ernuther ? vJ t- iler sul)-b»nder.' ' nffnwi J. WIV e.xPanding under the humane treatment, and could Mm «5 .' fc°.indnlRe in pleasantry. them \v ltes dl83|Pftted the charm that had been wo.yen about varletv ot %ennnE suddenly witha great quantity, though limited PzS ltAe phy?ic thnt ' »atur' ' had called for on behalf of Dorinrtn nndtt° which the patient took kindly, not to say greedily. Therp \\* «W*u(:hed him eat with a vague unrest in her heart, of a hnn». °tninS nt any timo attractive to a woman in the sight down ,X m-an nt ?ta meals. But when Ezekiel went in to lie tired o??-- h,la mother's bed,' as he used to when a boy when Rirl strfnH ''-blet*— and was he not still her boy?-the deserted Into whinh ^i8'7*!'8 on the mountains veiled in their violet miata ^owntcn.^ blue sky of the ending dny wns melt\ngt t^eir ipy^w^a^fS^ unknninho6! eyeVd9rdr°PPed over their orbs, and her chin owed'n°S the hoTse!* Then' 8tartine as from a dream, she fol 3oSlIfcnnfih101!'^herrD(llin-:ia Iay clre,nminK in the little shed^room ni» Ji« ? iwn llfe' there came down the valley a deep, boom XvSiuSl67^ 8OU'd' and Chouse trembled responsive with tl» fiLV»-nr- i ?earer ^^PP^^hed, and her room was filled Sre Wn!, W Oi ar eJect-^c ?'£ which seemed to explode in^Miffp?*hdeidV 8.tun'?d' terrified, she groped towards the door that bmS- Vn ,,atchi* Shen?:a3 almo8fc thrown dow« ^ the storm ind flv££ ,? Hf?°n h?\t.lhSllftl5 8eemed full of timber, stones, ^ntp» m? f lft- and the *hu,nder, waa as the thunder of the vo& Ji S Tme ,d Tn at TnIlulah when the river is full. Her I'hS «SfnaherCn*Ii1-ecl1'711? beaten back as feather in her throat, xne timbers oh the little room seemed about to fly apart. Gasping with fear, unable to close the door against the mighty Si« f off « Te \lee rf,elf iSP:tot' loafc,- With her 'imb9 benumbed, ™m- «« ied a?.cl feIL lh.ere.raa 8h? ^y awaiting death, a man ^mr 'i.uin the screaming fury of the storm lifted her in his fn~ n«^*ie was a raoment in which the deluge splashed her !ri?ni,Dn ote nexb ,moraenfc she was drawn into the warm Ee| ^r £aw,by the tremulous light of the mysterious [lame the half-blackened lace of ISzekiel .bent above her, and tamtly as one calling afar off heard his mother's voice— '' He holds th' thunder een es han', An' ridesupon th' storm,'' just as the parson used to line it out at Zebulon. Then came darkness. When Dorinda gained consciousness her adopted mother waa bathing her face : they were alone, Ezekiel having withdrawn at her command. The storm was now at its height, and the room was full of the sudden and fearful blazes. Dorinda struggled to her feet again. Her lips moved rapidly, but all sound was lost in the din of the battle waged about them. Suddenly she broke from the elder woman's clasp and rushed to the porch. For an instant her mother thought that, crazed with tear, she had thrown herself into the storm, but in the next back came the girl through the furious elements, drenched, and with her hair blown wildly over her half-nude shoulders. The lightning trembled over and seemed to lick her form from head to foot, and by the sheen of its liquid, wavy llame she saw that the girl's hand clinched the little photograph of Ezekiel, torn from its frame of mica, while her lace in its beautiful triumph seemed almost glorified. The secret was written there. 'D'rindy, D'rindy, child !' she cried. 'Why hain't yuh tole me afo' ?' The words, screamed as they were in the night from the heart of the woman, did not reach the girl, who covered up the little picture in her chilled bosom, and crouched shivering by the smouldering fire. Her companion gazed upon her piteously, then kneeled beside her, 'and; pointing upward, moved her lips. Dorinda understood, arid followed her example. Still raged the storm ; such a one had never before burst upon llaccoon Hollow. Suddenly there was a noise as though the mountain itself had been riven asunder, and the house shook until the crockery danced upon the shelves. Then all grew still, llising to her feet, the elder woman drew the shivering girl to the bed where the old man. deaf to the storm and oblivious of life, slept the sleep ot second childhood, wrapped a blanket about her, and thrust her under cover. ' Ma'' she moaned, : and the word sounded as it did when on that sad day years ago the kind-hearted woman received har as a charge— 'Ma, kiss me onct, please ;' just the appeal made to the dead that lay unresponsive to its frightened offspring. It was the first time that she had used it since. With tears streaming from -her eyes, the woman bent and kissed her thrice, and her lips when she rose were wet with the tears'of the girl. 'An' 'im er lovin' nobody but ole Tom Boler's gal,' she said. 'Hit's more 'n I kin make out.' - .«* Chapter IV. In the morning, when Ezekiel looked forth from the doorway, an appalling spectacle met his gaze. The mountain had actually split asunder, and one half had sunk far down below the other. So sharply was the line drawn that a great pine, yielding one half its trunk to the departed, upreared the other with the firmer rock, its white riven heart blazing the hillside like a monument. Pale with astonishment, Ezekiel gazed long upon the scene, but there was something yet more appalling reserved for him— not a stalk of corn was lett in the valley. ? His mother came to him and was silent, too, in awe at the desolation apparent and the change in the familiar old mountain. 'All gone, Ma, all gone!' he groaned. The lips of the pale woman trembled. She was wont to say that her faith was like the mountain,' but was not the mountain split at last? Her hand rested upon him aa it had, oh so many, many times when trouble oppressed them. ' Th'*Lord '11 pervide, JK'zekiel. He kep' us in the night, an' He kin keep us in th' day.' 'I be'n hyarin' that, Ma, all these years, on' now look ! Poorer 'n' poorer year een an' yoaroufc. E* for me, I war whupped when Pa got inter troubl' 'ith the law, an'^we had ter sell all ter pay out* Th' Lord maybe did pervide, but hit's be'n mighty hard livin' sence.' 'Hush, Ezekiel !' the woman whispered. . 'Hit's blasphemy ! Leave hit erlone ; th' righteous '11' never beer bread ; leave hit erlone. Th' hnn' thet kin split mount'ihs kin pervide fur its own.' r The light had. come back to the weary face, and it waa almost beautiful in its new faith aa she turned humbly and went about her household duties. But Dorinda, watching her, thought that her step was feebler than she had ever seen it. 'Aun't Betsey,' she said, putting her arm upon her shoulder, ' don't yuh give up.' 'Give up? No deary; I ain't er-givin up. But ef ther Lord hed er-tuck us las' night, I would n' er- lifted er finger ter bender Him. Hit warn't His will, D'rindy, an' I'm willin' ter wait.' It was a gloomy day for llaccoon Hollow. Ezekiel, under the lingering pains ot his old misfortune and the new, wandered about disconsolate, and when morning dawned again the last of the Sykes' meal went into pones of bread. , The mystery of the mountain spread far and near. The day upon which the fortunes of the Sykes family seemed at their lowest ebb was signalised by the arrival of an excursion party from the Falls. Ten or twelve ladies and gentlemen on horseback and in vehicles rode over to see the wonder, bringing a well ordered lunch. They chattered over the catastrophe, climbed the mountain, and presently the ladies rendezvoused at the little house. Here the lunch was spread, and Dorinda brought water from the spring and rendered many little kindly services. After lunch the party swarmed unceremoniously over the premises, including Dorinda's little room, which delighted them as much, probably, as the mountain interested. Especial attention was devoted by the ladies to the delicate traceries upon the mica frame, to which Ezekiel's photograph hod been caretully restored. A handsome, grave young gentleman was asked to examine it. He did so, and turning to Dorinda, whose cheeks ilushed, perhaps by the praise already btstowed, asked— 'Where did that mica come from? „, ' , . A 'Well now, isn't that just like Captain Moore ! exclaimed one of th'e ladies. ' We were not talking about the mica,, Bir, but the'tracings.' , , , . „ , .-,,.,. He smiled. 'The tracings have great merit,' he said; 'but there is more money in mica that will split into such large clear sheets than in all the art that can be put upon it. You say that you found it near here ?' This to Dorinda. ' Yes sir ' 11 And will you go with me to Bee it in the morning, if I return ?' ' Yea s'r ef ynh wants me, an' th' mountain hain't sunk ith hit ' The party began to prepare for departure. Presently there was ft brief consultation i\mong th,e gentlemen; then na some were galloping away one of them approached Mrs. Sykes and poured a handful of small silver into her hand. ' For your kind attentions,' he said. Before she comprehended he mounted and galloped away, leaving her speechless with surprise and emotion. Ezekiel came out of the wood where he had concealed hiadia figurement all day, and there on the porch he and Dorinda found her sitting. Tears were running down her cheeks, and she made no effort to restrain them. She held out the hand blessed with so much silver. , , ' ' ICzekiel,' she said, and then her eyes lifted upward and finished the sentence. He comprehended. ' Yes.Ma,' he said gently, 'yuh ar' right an' I ar', wrong, es ar* most commonly true.' But the girl put her arms around her and kissed the wrinkled cheeks in silence. Early the next day sensitive Ezekiel took to.shelter again, for Captain Moore kept his promise. Ezekiel was hidden on the mountain, from which he beheld the gentleman and Dorinda pick their way across the rift to the far side. It was a difficult; journey, and though the girl was as ngile as a deer, Ezekiel noticed with a queer pain at his heart that the stranger insisted upon extending his hand to her every time occasion offered, and tliat it was always accepted. ' Dad blast th' feller !' he said ; 'he'd belter git her ter help him, stidder him er-helpin' her.' . The girl was in a particular merry mood. Did she suspect that the single eye of the disfigured doctor was upon her? She was a woman, and the curious can argue the conclusion. Her laughter rang out across the rift, and he found himself angry ana uncom fortable generally. Heigh-ho, Ezekiel Sykea ! You cannot understand nature after all, can you? See that leap she just made, her hair flying and poke-bonnet waving. How beautifully done! The gentleman does not iol low— ah, but he does, and she ? beams upon his success. Look out above your boulder, Ezekiel, with your one capable eye, and mutter ''Dad blast bin* !' as much as you please ; they are not concerned about you. The mica was found more than ever uncovered by the slide; a wonderful seam it was, hemmed in by quartz. The gentleman said litle, but was evidently deeply interested. Finally he ascer tained, by casual questions, that the ownership was vested in Mrs. Sykes. But the next day he came again, and again the girl accompanied him. He was trying to follow the vein. And the history of one day was as the history of its predecessor, even down to Ezekiel. But at last, standing; over the mica, the captain and the girl hold a long and earnest conversation. Ezekiel saw her give him her hand impulsively, and they came back, her face flushed, her eyes sparkling. The truth, as it appeared to Ezekiel, was un mistakable, and he was full of rage when he saw the stranger depart and Dorinda wave her bonnet in response to a wave of his hat. But, alas for Ezekiel ; there was no time for questions. A second large party had come up from the Falls arid swarmed over the place, ana back into the friendly shadows of the mountain the young man carried his poulticed ear and picturesque scars. When this party left, the hand of the trustful and hospitable old lady was again blessed with coin. So ran the summer away ; but ere it had ended, the little home, or 'Aunt Betsy's,' aa it had come to be known, became a regular rendezvous for visitors, who got there midday meala, bought strings of bead- corn, posies of gay liowers, and queer bits of quartz and mica, with delicate traceries upon them. The cow and chickens had cotne back ; the pigs, too, returned ; yes, and the beehives. And everything about the yard straightened up, as with new life, from their leanine attitudes. From the rafters of the kitchen were hung yarns and provisions and shoes for the long winter, and scores of other articles for home use ; and on the shelves were bolts of cloth, canned goods, and all the neces saries of life. Dorinda's gown was as nice aa anybody's. The smile of God seemed to rest upon llaccoon Hollow and the riven mountain. Chapter V. How was it with Ezekiel ? The clouda still hung low. The intuition of the young woman had placed her in possession of his secret before he knew that he had one, and with the perversity of her sex she turned the tables upon him. Her smiles were distributed among the tourists, and she learned to give keen answers to their good-humoured banterings. Often he had tried to tell her of his misery, but with the training she had been re ceiving from the beaux and coquettes, he was no match for her. One day she went to him with a great secret. 'O Zeke !' she said, 'I ar' er-jroin' ter tell yuh suthin'. Th' parson war eriong ter-day, an' tickled nigh unter death. He do say hit's all er joke erbout Sal. Boler's gittin j'ined to thet ar city feller, which war er drummer an1 er-foohn' yuh. Th' parson say es how hit's all over Calliny, and folks es er-torkin' erbout ' Zeke Sykes's los' widder.' ' She heJd her sides, and followed up the information with a most provoking spasm of mirth. Ezekiel gasped for breath. His voice was hoarse when he spoke at last. '.Th' parson tole yuh ?' 'On course, lie come straight from Sal's, an' she tole 'im 'ith her own mouth. Now yuh kin go back, an' Sal kin 'be Mistis Ezekiel Sylces down een llaccoon Holler.'' There was just the faintest tremour in her voice, but Ezekiel was beyond the com prehension of fine shadings then. She had expected an outburst ; there was none. The young man walked olV, and the 3igns were unmistakable ; he was crushed. 'Zeke, are yuh hurted bad sure 'nough?' she called after him repentantly. He made no reply. When he came back later she was sitting on the steps. ' Ma,' he said, ' I'm er-goin' ter th' Falls, an' maybe Iwon'fc come back 'n er weeic ; an' maybe hit'll be two er 'em. They do say es how thar ar' more chance fur mount'in men in Ala bam', an' I'm er-gittin' sorter worrit down here. I'll tork ter yuh when I'm done torkin' ter them thet knows. Thar be sum erbout th' Falls now thet knows.' He kissed her cheek, an odd caress lor Ezekiel, and affected not to see her anxious look. 'Good-bye, D'rindy,' he said, aa he passed her on the steps. 'Newfrien's is better 'n ole frieVs.' A great lump rose in the girl's throat ; she could not speak. He passed through the gateway and took the road that led to the Falls, walking listlessly. She watched him fora moment, then rose and darted after him; her light step giving out scarcely a sound. If he heard, he made no sign. Presently she laid a hand upon his shoulder, and then he turned and looked down into the violet eyes, while a trembling seized him. ' Zeke,' she said, a little smile quivering upon her lips, 'when yuh git ter Alabam' won't yuh write er letter?' ' One writes ter yuh now, an' one es er- nough.' He blurted the words out and drew from under her touch. ' O Zeke !' She looked at him with such reproach that he waa half ashamed. Then she laughed, pointing her finger at him. 'Zeke, I do berlieve yuh er-slippin' o'ff ter court Sal Boler ergin.' She bent almost double with the idea. ' No, I be n't,' she said hoarsely. 'Yuh ar', Zeke. Yuh ar' ! An' O Zeke, ef yuh be, look out fur drummers on th' road !' He turned and strode oft' without a word more. She leaned her back against a 'tree weak with laughing, her feet thrust out in front Presently she called him. 'Zeke !' ' He turned and glared back at her in silence. ' Zeke Sykes,' she continued, 'yuh ar' er bigger fool 'n I seen thisyear, an' thar ar' be'n some big ones 'round hyar, th' Lord knows.' Her face was ilushed and she held out her arms. 'Zeke, take me eriong ter Alabam', won't yuh ?' He came back doubting, but: the arms were not. lowered, and into them he walked, I speechless with the change from despair to happiness. He held her a long time. ' D'rindy,' he said, ' an' yuh love me arter all ?' ' Yes, an' afo' all — f'om th' fus time when yuh used ter tote me on yuh back over ther rocks. 0 Zeke ! I hain't never loved nobody else in th' whole world but yuh.' Tears crept from under the half-closed eyelids, and then there was silence as he pressed her close to him. ' Well,' said Ezekiel finally, ' I war er fool moa1 trooly.' ? ? ? » ? ? Two more incidenis close the idjl of ''Sinsia Mocnin,. ss Z^kes sign -board a: the fork of lie roads has it. Tae captain s letters, 5pelied ont with much Jabonr, jrsve assoance oxa a.e«j the mica deposit at a zood price. I n:s is one. The otaer i, .In the closinz hours oi the season, Ezaiiel, wanaenaj: alout lae hotels, met face to face the drummer who osa ins-ie him a jea» throughout one corner of Carolina. He poke noi s. -serf, bai kept his eve on the practical joker nniil he has ara^n Ljs own arms entirely free of that fatal coat and croppea i: to tie eirta. Then he slapped his thigh. ....... ,- *.- , .-^ a- », ?'stranger, ' ce said, ' yah be lookic on i^z.ek:el Obadiah Sykes.' . . - I A smile came to the otner s race. ; ' \h '' said he. ' ' Xamri doctor. , - - i ' Th* ^ame. Stranger, s-al ik^er's busbun thet wa'n't ar sozn tez 'it whnpped een erbont two minur?.' He launched forth wjtn a ; mighty sab- binder, and— well, trcth is truth— the next instant was knocked off bis feet 2at on bi3 back. Risins to a sitting position, stunne-i, dizzy, and astounded, he gazed a moment up into the smilina face of the scientiac boxer above him. 'Ezekiel.' he said to himself softly, ''Ezekiel Sykes, yuh be er dinzed fool mos' trooly.' Slowly picking up his coat, he turned . his back on the assembling crowd and took the road for Iliccoon i Hollow. As he approached the house after his long journey - the humour of the situation overcame him. and he chuckled ; quietly to himself. _ j ' Th' teller be full er sub-binders es er boz oe ia!l er Oeas he 1 said ; and then as Sinking Mountain rose before him he added, | cockms one eye and coming to astandstili— lw Hit ain't onpossible j thet hit war th* same chap busted thet ar monat'in !** ? ? 