CURRENT TOPICS. 1 iNQOTMEa are being .made as to the date when tenders are likely to be invited for. the construction of tho forest'railway. Mr. 'Anderson's statement was ' that tenders would probably.,be advertised early* in October. We have since been reliably informed that the work will not be announced until the "end of October, and public opinion points to an even later date.. The Railway Commissioners are . treating the forest ' people in i scandalous manner, and the parliamentan "repre«antativea will'ba"lacking in they duty to their constitaenU if they do no insist upon the promise nude beial iip^edily fulfilled. , i-i TuE-beiief'sseinltp bo gaining ground that the intention It the Government is to abolish the LaudsDffico in CarnperdoH-n. Rumors' to that cfcct have been incon stant circulation, i Beferenco has only to la niado to tliejruap3 of the district, showing the large area of land availablo for selection in tio Heytesbury forest, to prove the absurdly of the thing. In the event, however, <f there being the slight est truth in the riports some action might bo taken to ascjrtain the intentions of the Government/ and, if necessary, to enter a vigorous'protest apiinst any pro posal to do aVay.with tho offices.-' : Land in Cnnpcrdown continues to change hands, alrays at improving rates. A'sale was competed this weik of a block containingoviriwo acres with frontages to the CobSenVoad and Brooke street. The owner, intjnds to cut the block up immediately, aid sell it for building pur poses. Negotiition» are progressing for the purchase, vith a view to subdivision, of some of tin large blocks on the hill above' the statt school. Il was aulloritatively stated a few weeks ago thai some additions wete.to be made to ths district over which Mr. Heron, P.V-> has jurisdiction, and that to relieve hio tha Uamperdown court would be take* into the Wurrnambool district.' We h<ve since been informed th:it it is likoh oilier arrangements will be made by Which Mr. Heron will retain his juris diction in.tins district. Tjie shearing Beasori has commenced in earnest throughout tho district, and on a large number of stations, work h pro seeding. Tho most difficulty has been experienced at Struan, apparently, the owner of which is advertising for non union shearers. Shearing is going ahead at Danedito, Larra, Tcrrinallnm, Cloven Hills, Mount Klcpant, and other stations. The district immediately surrounding Campordown and Terang is always later than tho open country north of-those paces, and shearing has not been com menced yet ia Ike immediate neighbor hood. A consignment of wool from West , Cloven Hills was forwarded by rail yester day to Geelong. Business has been dull lately at the local railway station, but the busy season has again commenced, and the railway officials, no doubt, will have their hands full for several months to come. Mb. George Clarke, the evangelist, who has been laboring with so much success in the metropolis, and one or two other centres of population, is announced to give an address in tho Mechanics' Hall on Monday night. Thuse who have heard Mr. Clarke speak of him in the highest terms. Ha is stated to be a powerful speaker, and in tho metropolis hU ad dresses were given to crowded congrega tions. Wo learn that Mr. Clarke ia nbout to take a fortnight's holiday at Titanga, Mr. J. L. Curriu'u beautiful country Beat. The annual concert in aid of the prize fund of tho local State school has been Died for Friday, 2Gth inst. As on pre vious occasions tho programme will be carried out solely by teachers and scholars. Rehearsals art) now ia full swing, and great interest is being taken in it by the young folk. The full programme, which as usual is a very lengthy one, will be issued as soon as possible. A McnntE was delivered last night by the Rev. W. Gray Dixon, M.A., of St. Kilda, on "Japan and the Japanese." The attendance was good and the d< scrip tions given by the lecturer of that land, of its wonders anil its interesting people, was highly appreciated. It is reported that some witless indi vidual in this town has been amusing him self at the expeuse of some timid people by playing the part of "the g!io3t." Several females have already been sorely frightened. There is a strong feeling of indignation abroad, and it is just possible that "the ghost" will be effectuality "laid," if it makes its re-appearance in tho locality. A reutek's telegram received by us from the Melbourne office reports that both the Port Darwin cables were inter rupted yesterday morning. A new firm of land agents have com menced operations in this district. Messrs. D. Meaghor, Phelan imd Co., notify that they have opened offices at Naroghid, and that their business will ex tend over a wido district, the centres of which are Camperduwn, Terang, Port Campbell, &c.; They will doubtless strive to merit a fair share of support. The United Centennial Mission, to which Mr. Clarke's address is regarded as introductory, will bo formally opened en Tuesday night in the Mechanics' flail, which has now beeuengaged for it. The inissiou is to be conducted by tho Rev. Canon Langley, of Melbourne. The annual show of the Villiers and Heytesbury Agricultural Association will be held today. The attractive prize lhl has drawn several exhibits from this dis trict, whilst a number of residents have* been selected to act as judges in various sections. Disagreeable weather prevailed yes terday until towards evening, when thero were indications of a change. Tub following accounts are awaiting payment at the Camperdown Sub- treasury: —•.Wai. Adeney, J. Bishop, H. Brown, Wm. Cameron, Hampdenshire Council, P. W. Hammett, R. Jones, E. J. More nous*, C. Ogilvie, T. Rule, C. N. T. Opie, T. Ryan, W. Smith, M. Williams. We have received the October number of "The Illustrated Australian News." The majority of the engravings are devoted to the Centennial Exhibition, the best of which, perhaps, is the view of the build ing as seen at night with the electric light at work. The reading matter appears to be well selected, and the number al together is an interesting one. We are requested to state that the Home Missionary demonstration and tea in connection with the Bible Christiap Church, Cobden, will take place on sports day, viz., Nov. Ist., and not on Prince of Wales Birthday, aa was advertised in a former issue. The skating rink will be open as usual this afternoon at 2 30., and evening at 7.30. At nine o'clock half- an-hour will be devoted to the practice of the grand iiarch. ' "' ; : .' We (Mortlake JXtpateh) . understand that the Rev. W. MV Alexander will leave br Australia at the latter end of November, and will therefore arrive here il January-noit year. .;:. - - j Dk. Murray Gibbes, who is being aa a»ted by the Oeutral Board of Health in lio application of the blue gum steam speciOc for the treatment of diphtheria, has reports the Age) forwarded a communica jion to that body relative to a visit he jnade last ireok to Innlowood, irhere the. Jiseaso has beon prevalent to a large ei ient during the last few weeks.. In an in terview 'with Dr. Alexander'Adam,-the health officer, that gentlemen stated that daring the last three months he had seen the treatment adopted successfully, in SO cases. In eaoh instance there was a mem brane over the throat, but in other cases only inflammatory . symptoms appeared. In eight'or nine laryngneal cases the' breathing was so far affected that the face became livid. Dr. Adam also stated that he had used sprays of pepsine and other remedies with doubtful success, and had decided to give the blue gum steam treat ment a thorough trial. Ho expressed the opinion that diphtheria was constitutional. Dr. Gibbes was also informed by Dr. Adam that his brother became acquainted with'the uao of blue gum, steam whilst in the Glasgow Royal Infirmary,^ and that the specific had come into general use throughout the Nocth-Wastera district. Iri is! notified*"in 'onr oolumns that the nominations for the Hurdle Race, Handicap and Half Mile, with performances for the past two years, must bo in the hands of the secretary, Cobdon Achletic Sports, on or before 18th October. As International Temperance Conven tion U tn he held in tho Temperance hall, Melbourne, during the week commencing November 19. Tho programme of the proceeding has been circulated, from which it may be gathered that there will be a moat imposing demonstration. The reaull of the lambing at the Fram lingham aboriginal station has been" highly successful, the average, being 106 percent This ; spleudid rejult'(reports tho Standard) ia attributed in a great measure to the care and attention be towed on the sheep by a shepherd named Wyselaskie.' It is 'stated that he is so careful < with his flock that not unfro quently he may be seen nursing a eick ewe by erecting.a temporary structure to aliield it from tho citd winds, and then lighting a camp fire for the better.comfort of the afflicted animal. Three important cases will shortly ! come, before" the local Courts, which I (reports the Herald) if they do nothing ! else will furnish the legal gentlemen with heavy fees and gossip for.the general public. . Mr. E. R. Green has instituted an action in the County Court agxinst Mr. John.Nelson for £500 damages for breach of agreement arising out of the sale of Nelson's auctioneering and commission agency t business in Colac to Green, and whereby Nelson was not to resume busi ness in this town foru definite period. On Friday luxt, at tho Police Court, Mr. Nelson will proceed against Mr. Green on two charges of perjury, alleged to have been committed in connection with tbe . case of Green versus Kelson, for the recovery of commission on the iialo of certain property, and heard before His Honur Judge Chumloy and a jury of four at the last sittings of the Colac County Court. Non-union shearers are wanted at Straan. All accounts due to W. Skene and Son must be settled before 30th inst. Mil. John Thornton will hold his usnal sale <if live stock at his yards on Saturday. Mil.. F. J. Clarke holds his usaal Bale of live litock, &c;, at his yard", Camperdown, on Saturday next. MKS3RS. Powers, Entherford and Co., will hold a sale of 1000 store bullocks at Wodonga on Friday, 19th inst. Mu. W. Wilson offers a reward of £1 for the detection of the person who stolea riding whip from his premises on the Cressy road., Tenders are invited for the carriage of butter from the Cblen and District Cheese and Batter Factory to the Camperdown railway station. Birrr/itx tickets at holiday exonrsion fares on the Victurian railways, are to be issued in connexion with the Caa.field races on 13th and 26th October. . Messrs. Hepburn, Dowlingand Cranford, will hold a sale of 84 bollocks, 3 and 4 years old, at Camperdown tomorrow at 2 p.m. The 300 bnllocks previously advertised have been sold privately. As important clearing sale of household furniture and effects, horse, buggy, harness, cow», 4c, will be held by Mr. J. Ne.'sin on the premises, Walla street, to-day, under instructions from Mrs. Malcom, who is leaving the district. 