MR. BEAUMONT'S GRAND DAUG'ITERS. HAPTERO III (CONTINUED). HE then told her to go and put her habit on, and, as she ran off delighted at the pros peot of a ride, he was thinking how gladly ho would protect his deonr child, and save her from this distasteful marringe if it wore possible. But he felt that hlie must know more of the case before he could so go against his daughter or promise anything. "After all," he snid to himself, trying to find what consolation hlie could, " my daugh ter Marian is not really harldhearted, only worldly, that's all." In the ovening they eat out in the , Italian garden," as Amy, who was great at finding names for places, had christened a pretty arrangement which Mr. Beaun mont had had made on the west side of the flower garden. There was a natural hollow there, round which he had put nice bits of statuary and a fountain in their midst. The beds were a mass of varied blossoms, but there was a uniformity of shape about them all which gave it somewhat of an Italian character. He was smoking his cigar, and they were silent, both apparently listening to the refreshing sound of the fountain playing in front of them. Now and thoue, however, he looked round at Amy, whose clear.out, pretty profile lookedponsive; and more than once he turned away smothering a sigh. He know most events in his grandchild's life, and he could make a fair guess as to what ailed her now. Suddenly Amy, who, whatever her trouble might be, was nover quiet for long together, broke thoe silence by saying : " Shall I toll you what I was thinking of this afternoon, after we had ridden through Copeo Thicket and stopped tolook at your young plantation ?" . " If you like, dear, at least if it has nothing to do with the Newfoundland and the white mouse.". "No, it has nothing to do with that, although it was about you." " Yes I What about me, then ?" , L" I Was thinking that you did not seem quite'as usual-that you are not so glad to have me this time." S"My darling," ho said, shocked and touched, "you must not think anything of the hind. 1 am always happy to see you, and happier a great deal whenever you are with me." " That's right, grandpapa," she said, in a glad voice, "for if you-if you- 1 don't now how to say it exactly." "I understand, darling, 'quite well. The fact is, you have boon getting rather into hot water at home, and you thoulght if I turned orneusty too, you would fool a very helpless and friendless little girl indeed. Is that it?" "Yes grandpapa, just what I meant," she said, edging a little nearer, " and you will help.me, won't you,all you can ?" "Well Amy," he said, looking tenderly down' on the sweet, upturned face, " we must first understand one another, ":and have no half-confideneos." He waited a moment, but the girl said nothing. ' "No half.eonfidences " hewont on with. "My position is simply this. I am begged by'your mother to persuade you to marry Sir Digby Browne. You will do me justice I know, dear, to take for granted that I would not lend my.aid to thogeneral pressure pn this point did I not personally esteem this man, and fool that he will make you a good husband." "Yes, graudpapa; of course I know all that:' 'ri; ,And you also klow that in a worldly poin? of view-though I care less for that aide of the question-ho is all' that is do. eirable ?" ? Yes, grandpapa;" , ,' ' " And you would pleaso us all, your mamma especially, by consenting. " She bowed her head to express' an affirt mative. ' '' " So dearestchild, e. you'seem to own that you have no fault to. find with your suitor, and as there are all these eonsidor?? ations, all these appeals to your affection, and,L I might add, duty, short of a very satisfactory reason on your part, I fear I shall not be able to help you in the sense you mean, but, on the contrary, shall have to enlist myself on your mothor's side." SShe had boon holding his hand, she now dropped it, and loaning back, she said: T" hen you too are against we." SPerhaps yes, perhaps no, dear, I have beeoon frank; now you must be the same and thus I can tell what I can do for you." " I have nothing to say, grandpapa, excepting.what I told mamma, and which shabe has known for a long time, that I don't live him. Hundreds of girls would be proud to take him, but I-" ' . . , " You are not one of them ?" "And why?" " Because I don't love him' as I .slhould like to'love my husband.',' "And-" S".That is all, grandpapa," .Saio Bsaid, in a very low voice, and resisting his efforts to take her hand again by rising from her cliair. 'i"'Will you lot me go to bed now, and will you think it all over again, dear grand papa" ." Yes, dear; I will ' sloop on it,' as the peoplo say. Kiss me, ohild, before you go in, good night." * But he did not sloop upon it. He reo mained there until the sunglow in the sky had boon replaced by stars ; until the hueso of the flowers could not be distinguislhed ; until the white statuary looked weird and ghost-like in the fading light. And still he sat there thinking, thinking, sadly enough. "It is the old businous still I very much fear," he said to himself, as at length he wont indoors and lighted his candlo. " God help her if it is so, poor little soul, for none of ns hero can." IHe wont slowly and quietly to his room, so as not to awako her; but an he passed her door ho could toll she was still up. He knooked gently, "Amy darling, do you know how late it is ?" " Yes grandpapa; but I was just going to undress." SIo turned the handle and went in, and shuit the door behind him. Amy was still full dressed ; her face was very palo, and, although she put her hand quickly to her eyes, Oho had not time to conceal that her long lashes were wet. He took her little face in his hands and turned it towards him, forcing her, though much against her will, to look at him. In that moment esuch slight hope as he had had left him completely. However bright she might be outwardly, in truth, there must be sorrow akin to despair in that young heart. " Oh, my pet," he cried; and we all thought you were cured I You have not heard from him lately, have you ?" " Not one line, not one word." " And you think of him still ?" All day-all night I" " You persist in believing in his inno coneo ?" " Grandpapal What a question." "Oh, my poor child, you don't know how you are wrecking your own life." "Perhaps I do, grandpapa, but, if it were not just for one thing, I could endure all perfectly. Even if I find that I am mistaken in him-I promise to bear all without a murmur; none of you shall oven see that I am suffering, ifonly I could be left alone about marrying anyone-anyone at all." She clung to him, and besought him, with all her powers of pleading, to help her in this-for he was her only hope. "Grandpapa, dearest-dearest grandpapa, go to mamma, and speak to her. Say what you like, as long as you persuade her to leave me in peace on that point-at all events, until I know the truth about George." " Of course, darling. There, thoro, I can go if you like to your mamma, and well, Amy-I will do my boaest." ".Thauk you, dearest. If any one can help me, it is you. Ah I for pity's sak6, don'tlet them press me any more." Thion her bravely kept up heart gave way, and she sobbed some of her grief out on his shoulder. IHAPTER IV. Before starting, Mr. Beaumont had some further conversation with Amy, and then he went to London, and drove to Penryth street, where his daughter, Mrs. Lancaster, lived. "I can guess your errand, papa," said Mrs. Lancaster, who was a pretty blonde, with Amy's hazel eyes, "or at least I can in part. Your infatuation for that child carries you too far; excuse me papa, but it does." . " I think not,, Marian. I love her too well tomake her unhappy, that's all; or rather to'increase her unhappiness, for un happy 'she will always, be, poor little woman.": "Now listen, papa," said his daughter, odming nearer and bending her pretty eyes, so like Amy's, upon his. "You think me worldly, and so I am, I suppose; or at least I am ambitions for my children. The child is so lovely, and as nice as she can be; and I had, I must own, sot my heart upon her making a nice match. But in pressing this marriage, I am thinking of her good, more than you give me credit for. She will never- believe me then, papa-get George out of her mind unless she marries." " And if it does not drive him out ?" "Ah I but it must and will; and with Sir Digby it could not fail to. He is charming, and loves her deeply." "I know; she says herself that no one is nieoor than lie; she likes him extremely. But I go back to my opinion. If marriage should fail to drive George out of her head, I for one should be extremely sorry to have had a hand' in binding her for life to any. one." ",Dear papa I This is so like you, so like your tenderness and goodness; but trust me, it isdone every day, and on the whole it answevors well." " Look at Augusta, that is a good case in point, Marian. One of a tribe, like Amy is, and the handsomest of the family. A barbnonet comes and asks for her, and so, of course--" " Well, Lady Leigh is not much to be pitied after all, papa. She has all, and more than she can possibly want, and that in itself, if a girl has had to rough it, as she had, and make her own clothes, &o.-;" " All she wants. Aye, except the man she loved, and that is not exactly a trifle, Marian, as you would have said yourself thus, if I had sent Lancaster about Lhis business." " Ali, well," she said, softening at this allusion to her dead husband, I suppose so. But whom did Augusta want ? " " Peroy." "Percy I Our Percy, do you mean ? Rhoda's husband ? " " Yes."' " Does sohe know it ? That.must"hbe wvihy the child no longer seems happy." " Yes, Marlau, that is it,"' Mr. Beaumont then told her the story, to which Mrs. Lancaster listened with pain, and some auger too, for she was fond of her niece Rhoda, her sister's only child. "I think Augusta might have left them alone." SOf course she might. It was cruel, a pitiful, mean revenge." For the first time Mrs. Lancaster felt a little shaken in her opinion that marriage would cure Amy of her misplaced love. However, there was still one point upon which she had no doubt. " It does not alter the fact, you know, papa, that if by any marvellous chance George were to turn up again, we could not possibly give Amy to such a man. To our minds there is not a shadow of doubt of his guilt, although to the world the matter was hushed up." "I know, dear, and of course if the poor child would have yielded in this matter and married Sir Digby, she would have beeoon out of harm's way. But it is no use think iig or wishing; I cannot press her, and I promised her not to leave you until I had made you agree with me. And listen, Marian, my dear. Don't have any anxiety about liher future, oven if lshe selects to remain singlo all her lifo. I shall see to that." "Dear papa, how can I thank -" " Not at all, dear," and he rose, to out short further conversation on that point. " And now, about this suitor ? Sir Digby is waiting for his answer, I presume." " Yes." " Then you will refuse him finally and at o0uOO." "I referred him to Amy, hoping his owiy eloquence might help him. He has gone to snee her to-day." "At my place ? At Wilderness Lodge ? " " Yes; he wont to Lingstono this morn ing, to go to you." Mr. Beaumont felt vexed that Amy should be put to this further trial. She did not expect him," he said, hurrying off, " else shle would have told me." "No, she did not; but he pleaded so to be allowed to have one final trial, that I gave in to him." In the meantime Amy, quite unconscious that Sir Digby was travelling to her as fast as train could take him, was spending a peaceful and almost happy morning. First she had gone round to see all her "pets," for she loved all animals dearly. Then she had watered her grandfather's favourite flowers. After this she had a canter on Shaggy, the pony, and finally sho had seated herself in the bay window in the drawing-room, which was the coolest spot in the house, intending to read. However, the reading did not progress very fast, for her thoughts did not allow it. In one respect however she felt happier, for she trusted her grandfather completely, and she know that he would not leave her mother without the required promise. "And then I can bear it all," she re poated to herself over and over again. "Yes, all-so long as I am not asked to marry anyone. And then perhaps one day before I die God will lot me know the truth. Oh, George I George I" She started a little, and composed herself quickly, for the butler came in with a card and a noto on a silver waiter. She took up the card and road, fooling rather bowildered., " Sir Digby Browne." " Ho is not hero ?" "Yes ma'am, in the library. Hle would not come in to you until you had read this note." The note was from her mother. " DEAR CHoLD,-I send those linoss by Sir Digby to tell you that he has my permission to see you at Wilderness Lodge. He wishes to bid you farewell, or at all events to see you once again." " You can show him in, Turner." In a few moments Sir Digby was with her; and as Amy looked up at him it passed through her mind that, had she one shred of a heart to give away, perhaps, who knows, this young man might have been the wisner. He was dark-eyed, tall, and well made. The upper part of his face was unusually handsome, and the lower very pleasant to look upon, with its soft, long moustache, and kindly smile. Ho was grave enough, however, as he came in, knowing full well that this moot ing, notwithstanding Mrs. Lancastor's par tisanship, would be the last with the girl who was all in all to him. Sir Digby held her hand closely for a moment, and looked intently down at her sweet face. " Ahl I" he said, sighing, and dropping her hand, "just the same, I sooee. There is no hope for ome," "Don't think me rude, Sir Digby," said Amy, as softly and kindly as she could; "but wly did you come again? You don't know haw painful this is to me." "I know, I know, Miss Lancaster, you are not one to triumph in your conquest; and besides it was against your wishes, and I ought not to have come. But I fool as a drowning man, and you know how such a one catches at a straw. Mrs. Launcaster is so kind, and-" " I trust she did not load you to-" "No; she led me to hope nothing. It is all my fault. I suppose there is nothing more to be said or done, except-to say good.by." ,They wore still standing, and near to gether; but as ihe said this he moved away from her, unwilling that she should see how diffioult it was for him to control himself at this last moment. "I shall travel," he said;. "go away somewhere or other-it does not matter hereo ; " and then he came back into the middle of the room again. " Well," he said, with almost a gasp, "it is' no use putting it off-" "Sir Digby," interrupted Amy, suddenly, I believe I ought to toll you something. It might, perhaps, be best to do so; but probably you know it from mamma, or have already guessed it." "I know nothing, but perhaps now, for the first time, I can guess what it is that you are thinking of tolling me," he answered, looking agitatedly at her face, which was dyed with a deep blush. "Sit down, Sir Digby. I think-distress. ing though the subject is to me-that you ought to have beeoon told this before." He sat down. " "You are going to tell me," heo' said, bitterly, that there is an obstacle to your ever loving noe-tloat obstacle being an attaoh mont to another man. Ah II have indeed boon a fool not to think of it. Who is my successful rival, then ? I will try to con gratulate you, Miss Lancaster." "Yun need not trouble to do that, Sir Digby. Neither you nor anyone probably will ever be called upon to congratulate me." * Then the girl looked before her, ansd her eyes seomed to look beyond him with an ex pression in them which distressed him greatly, qud which he could not understand. " What is it, Miss Lancaster? " he said, feeling half afraid of asking, so strange did she look. "If I have hurt you," he added, bringing his chair nearer, " by my bitter and perhaps brutal words, try to forgive me. My hoisrt was nearly broken before, and hearing from your own lips that you are betrothed seemed like the finishing toneh." "I can forgive you, Sir Digby; besides, you did not hurt me, No one, nothing can hurt nie now," she added drearily. How ever, I don't appear to pot ,oearer tellingp you my story, or why will you have no need to congratulato me. Did you know anything, or over hoar anything, of a Georgo Cuth bert ?" loe started a littlo. "George Outhbort? You don't mean George Manvillo Cuthbert, who disappeared so sadly and mysteriously ? " " Yes, I do. Well, he it was who was my lover," she said quietly-quietly enough in manner, but turning deadly pale. " Oh I Miss Lancaster, how dreadfuls " and the young man in an impulse of sym pathy-forgetting for the momont all else put out his hand and grasped one of hoers, "How pitiful I So that is your story. If f had only mknown it, I should never have worried you as I have, indeed I would not." Then all at once he became aware of what hlie was doing, and let go her hand and pushed back his chair. " Thank you for your sympathy," she said, with tears in her eyes. "No one else has sympathised half so much. Well, of course, there was a reason against it. With out details, I can just say that no one ap proved of my choice. In fact," she added, sadly, "I suppose I should have had to battle for it, even-oven if I had not lost him so strangely." Her eyes wore not upon him at that moment, so she did not see that a sudden and rather startling idea evidently came into Sir Digby's mind. " What sort of man was hlie ? " he asked. Amy coloured slightly. " To look at, I moan," he added hastily. She rose quickly from her chair, and went quite close to him. " What made you ask that ? Do you or did you at any time know anything about him ? " She clasped her hands together and spoke feverishly. "I am not certain, Miss Lancaster. I think I had better say no more." " But-but what led you to suppose oven that you knew something, for you did sup pose it, I could see in your face." " Merely this, if you really wish to know. I once long ago mot a-stranger under peculiar circumstances. I never, either then or since, know his name, althlough I have, more or less, sought to discover his identity. I don't know why, but suddenly, as you spoke of your-lost friend, I won dered whether by chance it was one and the same. But," hlie added quickly, and with unmistakable uneasiness, " of course it is not." " Why not? How do you know ? Sir Digby, pray-pray tell me all I Oh, what would I give to know the truth. Anything,. any sort of explanation of his conduct would be better than this suspense. Two long years it has gone on." "I wish I had not raised your sus. picions." She looked at him intently. " Anyway, I will describe him," she said. "He was tall and fair, and about your age. Is that right ? " " That is the description of every third or fourth man, you know," he answered, hop ing to slip out of saying anything more on the subject. " Sir Digby, I see that you are unwilling to speak out. Yet, if you know-if you could only guess-what this uncertainty has been to me, you would try your best to ease me." " Miss Lancaster, listen to me for a moment. My heart bloods for you, believe me, for I too have Iknown the torments of suspense. But sometimes one is not as strong as one thinks. I was not; and when certainty comes which in other words, is often just loss of hope, everything seems worse than before, and one's whole future appears a blank," Amy knew quite well that he alluded to his own case in connection with her refusal of his hand. She had to let this go by, however, and he went on : " Don't make me tell you anything more, Miss Lancaster, not to.day. It seems vworse than folly to speak so much of a more surmise. Lot me try to find out more about him first, and, depend upon it, I shall prove that the man I met, and something of whoso story I know, was not Outhbert, not your friend at all." " Of course I might wait, and you will think me foolish for what I am going to say. My instincts--superstitious instincts, if I can call them so--are sometimes right; and, on the contrary, I have a feeling that you-you have found George for me. Will you answer one or two questions, truth. fully I mean, without the slightest reserva tion ?" " If you particularly wish it I. will, but. \- " and he looked at her uneasily. " Sir Digby," said Amy, summoning all her courage, so as to appear calm, "look at me I I am not pale, I am not trembling, am I ?" " No, you seem all right. What am I to answer ?" "This young man of whom you are thinking, is he-alive ?" "Alive ?" " Yes." " Well-no. Ho-he '"died some "time ago." When and where ?" "Two years ago, in Switzerland." "How did he-die ?" " It was through an accident.": :. "Was it sudden ?" " '. it.?"' " No; ho was injured, and .lin.red some time." "And yogi were with higj t" . " Yes." Amy stopped her questioning for a few momcnts, feeling as if she must first gather fresh strength. She had almost a conviction that this story she was dragging word by word out of her companion was the story of George Cuthbert, her lost lover, the man whom she had upheld throughout those two miserable years as one who had boon maligned-as one wholly innocent of the guilty and despicable act of which her family accused him. She had almost given up hope of having his name cleared, indeed of ever hearing aught of him again, and now, this very moment, it might be that she was about to know the truth-and the whole truth. " you were with him at the end, I mean," ese vepeatcd, " Yes, Miss Iqancaster," " And yet you wore such strangers that you did not even know his name 2" "Exactly." "Yet, if he could speak, if he was son sible, how came you not to ask it ?" "I did ask him for it." " And he refused to tell it to you. How was that ? What was his reason 2" "He preferred to-" but the young mean stopped, and his eyes dropped. " To die unknown. Was that it ? Is that what you would say, Sir.Digby ?" The worde did not falter upon her lips, yet it seemed to her that an iciness crept over her, and thmt her heart well-nigh ceased to beat. Was this the action of an innocent man l the poor girl was asking liersolf1 Was thiq why Sir pigby was so unwilling to bring oust the details-boeause he -now that the man whose dying breath he had received, whose last moments hlie had perhaps tried to soothe, had been a miserable, guilty creature ? She roused all her remaining forces, and concentrated themre in the power to put one final question. She possessed a photograph of George; she would ask Sir Digby to look at it and tell her, before he continued this story, which might, after all, be one of a perfect stranger, whether he remembered him enough to recognise his picture. Sir Digby had told her that sometimes one is not as strong as one thinks, and that certainty is not in all eases better than sus pense. He must not see, must not guess, how weak she was, she kept saying to her self; she would just ask him this one thing, and then if he said it was George, and so not George as her love and belief in him had painted, but Georgo who had in truth deceived her, outraged her trust in him, and was guilty of a shameful error, she would beg Sir Digby, who had been so tender and considerato, to keep her secret, and to leave her now, and then she would creep upstairs and try to weep out the anguish in her soul before her grandfather returned from London. She raised her head and attempted to move her cold lips. "If I woro to show you-" she began, but a darkness came across her eyes, and she did not finish. "What a clumsy, beastly brute I am. Oh I Miss Lancaster," cried the young man, beside himself with terror and con trition. He gave a peal at the bell, and both the butler and the housekeeper ran in with scared faces. Then, between them, they laid the fainting girl on the sofa under the open window. CHAPTER V. " So you have heard all thQ sad story about our dear Amy ?" said Mr. Beaumont to Rhoda Wilton, upon whom he was calling one afternoon. Whenever he was in town hlie went to soee Ihis married grandchild, and each time he hoped to find her on better terms with her husband. Yet, although it was now more than a year since that fatal day on the esplanade at Tamworth, hlie always left the Wiltons' pretty house at Kensington dis pirited, and indeed miserable. Perey had made many further efforts at reconciliation during that twelve months, but he had had no success, and each failure had caused matters to become worse between him and his wife, for little by little his manner had chaniged, and was now fully as cold and constrained as Rhoda's. They never alluded to the past, and they never quarrelled, but, notwithstanding Rhoda Wilton's wish to keep up appearances, it was evident to many that they wore sadly disunited. Not oven the birth of their little one, in the winter following that autumn at the sea- side, had proved able to heal the breach between them. "Yes," answered ]Rhoda, "I heard the story about poor Amy, but is there no chance that Sir Digby was mistaken ? Photo graphs are not always perfectly faithful; in fact, 1 know that Amy did not consider it at all a good one ; and, besides, Sir Digby had met this man who died in Switzerland over no long ago-two years, I think-and in that time ihe might have forgotten his exact appearance." " No, no ; trust me, there is no mistake, Rhoda, although of course all these possi. bilities which you suggest are quite probable. You see, dear, those two cases fit in to such a nicety. Sir Digby's stranger was in a bank, it seems-so was George. He loved a girl whoso people were against the mar riage-like George and Amy again. Hie had no parents or relatives, and came from the north of England-- right again. I have not a doubt of it myself." "And about the-trouble-the serape; was that much the same kind of thing ? " "It soeems so to me ; at least, with this miserable difference, that this young man who died in Switzerland confessed to Sir Digby that hlie had taken the missing money to pay his debts, and of course George stoutly denied it; and, in fact, was not openly suspected at all. This man seems to have said to Sir Digby that he know that if the state of his affairs had come to be known his chance of getting the girl was gone, so, in a moment of madness and temptation, he took the money." SBut, dad, was not another clerk, John stone, not only suspected but brought to trial," "Yes, I know, and it was that blunder, or at least to my way of thinking, that saved George. There was not'a shadow of evidence against Johnstone, and the case was pronotly diHuissod. My idea has al ways keen that after Johnstono's trial the managers suspected George, but did not choose to prosecute a second clerk, and that later on they gave him a hint to resign. Anyway, he did resign on the plea of ill. healh, and went to travel for awhile; although we all know that he was most averse to leave Amy, and also that he had no prospect of finding any other post." "I do hope and trust that you are right, dad." "It will be a sad business if I am. How ever, I really believe that we shall soon know for cerlain. In a week or two, as soon as Amy it strong enough, we are going to Switgeorlapd, and there we hope to provo the young man's identity. Sir Digby thinks there is a chance of our doing so." "Bit I understood from Amy that this stranger who, according to Sir Digby, re aembled George's photograph, left absolutely nio proof of his identtity ; tlcat he concealed his nanmo, ciused every single thing to. be. destroyed, so that hQ could slip out of the world, as one might say nameless and un knows." "Exactly; he did so; clearly that wis the unfortunate young man's wish. But Sir Digby hopes that there on the very spot, and with Amy with us, somodeoisivo proof or other might be dissovered." "Is Sir Digby going with you ?" "Yes, and Lady Browne, his mother. And now I come to the chief cause of my visit to you to-day, Rhoda. Switzerland isn i porfection now in the autumn, and Percy has a little freedom from work just now. Will you and your husband come with us 'l The larger the party, the better for darling A4my, you know," he td4ed, putting in a further indueoment. He was most auxious for her to consent; for-ho hoped that a break in the monotony of the Wiltons' lives might help to make the peace between husband and wife. Rhoda's sad face brightened. "The object of the journey is a melan choly one," she said. "And yet I think I should like to come; that is," she added, in quite a different tone, "if Percy cares to go, and if I might bring baby." "Bring baby, by all means," said Mr. Beaumont, heartily. "And as for Percy,. what do you mean, dear ?" he asked, pro. tending not to understand her. " I don't know whether he will care to go upon such a journey at all. However I don't suppose it will matter much to him one way or the other." - "I think it will matter very much inhdeed ° to him one way or the other. It will depend entirely upon you. If you show a desire to accompany us, and pleasure in the prbspoct of the trip, of all things Percy will delight in giving you that pleasure." Rhoda blushed, but said nothing. They then arranged that she should Iet him know their decision that evening at' Mrs. Lancaster's, after which the old man took his leave. At the end of the terrace he met Percy coming home, and looking very tired, jaded indeed, which in fact he usually seemted now. "Your wife is going to present a petition when you go in," he said, lightly. ' In fact we all are." " What for, sir? " asked Percy, smiling. " What am I to do for you and for her ? ". "You will hear; shae is dying to see you and ask you," said Mir. Beaumont, who always chose to ignore that his grandchild and her husband were now otherwise than on the most affectionate of terms. " She shall have it; anything-anythiug in the world I " said Percy, as his .pale,' handsome face flushed. " That's right." Then Mr. Beaumont grasped his hand and went on. Percy hurried in with a lighter, happier sounding tread than usual, and went up stairs to his wife two steps at a time. Rhoda was sitting where her grandfather had left her, her small hands were clasped. together, and pressed the pretty, troubled. brow. " Grandpapa always looks and speaks as if it were my fault thalt we are not yet reconciled," she was saying to herself; " but: how is it possible that we could be as.we'; were before ? Percy is very kind--very kind indeed; but, of course, he is acting a part as hlie acted one- and very successfully too-for a year before my eyes were opened to his wretched duplicity." ' She started up quickly, and smoothed ber' brow to take the lines of pain from it, for she heard her husband coming rapidly up the stairs. "Rhoda, what is it ? What is this that I am to do ? Dad said that I should hear from you." Percy spoke quickly and eagerly, iand came close and stood before het .with. brightened eyes. Quietly, and almost imperceptibly, Rhoda moved a little away.' Probably, cio one' excepting a husband, sensitive to torture in the matter, and to whom every word, every look of his wife's had a meaning, would have observed it; but he did observe it, and the momentary brightness of his face, died out. This was by no means the first time that he had transient gloams of hope that his wife's coldness was thawing, and that the day would come when there would be peaeos and sympathy between thorn once again. Each time, however, he had beeoon doomed to bitter disappointment. " They are all going to Switzerland, and thoy want us to join the party; but sit down, Peroy, and 1 will tell you evoerything - -at least all that dad told me." She narrated her little tale prettily and nicely, and with variety of expression, which was one of Rhoda's charms. Indeed, in their everyday dealings there.w??as no lack of pleasantness. She had taken special pains that there should be no disputes, no disagreeable reminders, no ugly wranglings (To be continued,) 