'DO THE DEAD COMMUNICATE WITH THE living: The Rev. W. Whale, in the Wharf-street Baptist Church last evening, delivered a sermon on the question " Do the dead communicate with the living!-" He took as his text the 27th and 28th verses of the 13th chapter of St. Luke's Gospel, "Then, he said, I pray thee, the 'tf Jio, father that thou wouldst send him to my father's house, for I have five brethren, that he may testify unto them, lest they also come into this place of torment." The rev. gentlemen stated that the subject of his sermon came up in the course of his exposition of the parable of the rich man and Lazarus, and had not been specially chosen by him. The possibility of communication between the dead and the living involved all the phenomena connected with spiritualism and all professions of belief in ghost stories and visitants from the other world. There were certain things in the Bible which could scarcely, be passed over without observation, such for instance as the account of the Witch of Endor bringing up Samuel, in which no dogmatic solution of the matter was offered, because there was no clause in the Bible to demonstrate that Samuel came back to earth at the woman's incantations. She was evidently as much surprised as anyone at the developments which occurred before her, and the whole record was so fraught with desperation, fanaticism, and superstition, and be open to critical questioning that for himself he was not prepared to believe in that as a communication between the dead and the living such as would form the basis of a solid argument, as the phenomena of spiritualism, mesmerism, animal magnet ism, and electro-biology. He was not prepared to deny absolutely all of those, but neither was he personally prepared to accept the conclusions come to by some persons to account for these phenomena. He himself had seen some phenomena so startling as to convince him that there was communication between mind and mind upon the earth. These phenomena related, however, to what was called the "psychic," and fell infinitely short of anything that was really spiritual in itself. So far as biblical authority was concerned as to the communication between the dead and the living, there were the appearances of Moses and Elias, along with Jesus, to the disciples ; the resurrection of the saints at Jerusalem at the crucifixion ; the appearance of Jesus to Stephen at his martyrdom, and to Saul of Tarsus at his conversion; but it was to be remarked that all these cases were connected with the life of Christ, and must be left out of account in dealing with the ordinary experiences of humanity. There remained, therefore, so far as a Biblical basis was concerned for communication between the dead and the living, the story of the Witch of Endor, The rev. gentleman then went on to speak of the teaching of the parable, which was the subject of his discourse, and first of all he pointed out that the dead could not pass to and fro in Hades or in the invisible world. There was a great gulf fixed between Abraham and the rich man in Hades, beyond which neither one nor the other could pass. Again, the rich man evidently could not by himself come from Hades to his father's house, hence the request that Abraham would send Lazarus as a messenger. Possibly, as far as the teaching of the parable was concerned, it was to show the impossibility of any communication being made between the wicked dead and the living. If communication between the dead and the living was worth anything at all, the rich man was the person to go and not Lazarus. On the other hand, there was a supposition on the part of the rich man in Hades of Borne possibility of a good man leaving the happy condition he was in in the invisible world and visiting the earth again in such form as to be recognised with such attributes a that it would be known he had come back from the dead. If that was so they might well wish for some clear demonstra- tion % of it, and such clear demonstration, the rev. gentleman pointed out, there was not to be found in the teachings of the Bible. It Lazarus could not come beyond the wall which severed him from the rich man, what reason was there to suppose that he could come across the gulf which separated him from the tick man's, brother? incidentally Mr. Whale pointed out, as a peculiarity of the teachings of the pitiable as distinct from the theological teachings of the Roman Catholic Church, that here we had prayers of the dead for the Hung and singularly enough the prayers of the wicked dead for the living, and not as the Roman Catholic Church taught, prayers of the saints for the dead. On general grounds the rev. gentleman maintained that intercourse between the living and the dead was not likely, inasmuch as they could not expect that God would taken backward movement and bring those out of Hades to do that which the living ought to do for one another. At any rate there was no groundwork in the Bible to show that there was any visible ordinary communication between the dead and the living, and he thought that Shakspeare was not very far wrong when he spoke of men going to " that bourne whence no traveller returns." All teaching:, therefore, concerning appearances of ghostly or other visitants must be accounted for on some other principle than that the dead communicate with the living. 