THE BLACK HOUSE INN. BY B. A. SAVORY. I was just sixteen when I went to live with Mrs. Stedman. my father’s distant cousin, who kept the Black Horse Inn on the Sondis tield turnpike. I wns'the eldest of six children, and with so many little months to fill it is no wonder that when Mr. Stcdman wrote that she wanted a well brought np girl as an assist ant, not as a servant, my parents gladly con sented to let me go, particularly as she was a renowned housekeeper, arid had the reputa tion of making the best pickles, preservers and home-made wine, of anybody in all the country round about. My duties were to assist in the sewing, keeping the accounts of the inn, and any other light labor which was required. ' , My father accompanied me to B-ana saw'me settled in the maif coach, which passed through Sondisfield twice a week. It was before the days cf railroads, and it was quite dark when we drew up to the “Black Horse," where the passengers were to spend the night. The house was large, and sitnated' onthe high road where the Sondisfield turnpike crossed the road from Newtown to War chester. It had every convenience of yard and stable, a good'garden, a fine orchard,and a large farm attachedf It stood on high ground, nnd commanded a view for many a mile over the country. The B—- mail-coach stopped over night there twice a week, beside,'the daily coach from Newtown to Watch ester changed j horses there, aftd all the farmers on their way to market, peddlers and travelleia, either on horseback or in carriages, always stopped at the “ Black Horse,” for rest and refresh ment.. .. . Mrs. Stcdman was a tall, angular woman of about sixty; her hair, which was white as snow, she wore puffed high on her head, un covered by the cap which in those days was universal. She had bright black eyes and a high color. I have heard she was a con firmed opium cater. I think she -had the most severe countenance I ever saw; and one. was careful of one’s conduct before her. There was no gossip between the men and the maids at' the “Black Horse,” and woe betide the luckless kitchen girl or. stable boy who dared to laugh' in her presence. I had heard her stury before 1 came there. She was early feft a widow, with a beautiful daughter, whom she idolised; but the son and heir of a rich man from a distant city, who came to fish in the waters of the mill-dam, bad induced her to elope'with him; it was not supposed tbas he had married Her mother was a woman of high spirit, ^strict and proud. She never forgave the man or her daughter; it was said she had returned their letters nnopened. At all events, no one ever spoke of Clara Sted man, and it bad been more than fifteen years since the day when she fled with her young Mrs. Stedman was very kind to me; but if I had been of a lively turn, ns many girls of sixteen are, I’m afraid I should have found it prettj dull in the old house, after the cheer less November days came on ; but I applied myself to learning how to make the various viands for which the house was famous, and at other times I hemmed towels and table linen; beside there was always the books to keep, which had to be attended to every Mrs. Stedman’s room was a large one' up stairs, in an L of the house ; tHere was a flight of stairs leading-from it down to a large closet, between the kitphenand dining room. This closet was a sort of butler’s pantry; in it were kept the best china and glassware, cutlery and table’ linen, and on the top shelves many of the preservers and jellies. A trap door led to the cellar below, where the wines and other commodities I often sat at the old secretary in Mrs. ■Stedman’s chamber casting up accounts or writing off recipes. It was a curious, old desk, filled with innumerable drawers and pigeon holes. She often opened the drawers and showed me their contents; rare spices and drugs and essences; costly at the time of my story, and not common yet. Mixtures for taking out stains, powders for destroying moths, and a famous poison for killing rats, which she said was never known to fail. This was a white powder, securely sealed in a glass bottle. I suppose' now it was arsenic, but I did not know it then.* I must have been in great favor with her or she would never have shown me all these treasures, but. I think it was because I exerted myself to learn housekeeping,. was quiet and sober, and had no looks of levity. It was about the middle of November. The country fairs and festivals were over for the season, and travellers who had so often stopped at the “ Black Horse ” during the summer were few and far between now that the days were growing short and chilly. The stage coaches and an occasional horseman alone relieved the monotony. Mrs. Stedman had her apples and vegetables gathered, her corn harvested and husked, her cattle and swine killed and salted. , . We had fairly settled down for the Winters’ qniet, when one cloudy, cold day, which seemed to portend snow, as I was sitting close to the dining-room window doing some sewing, and Mrs. Stedman was in her own room, putting away the linen from the weekly wash, the sound of horse’s hoofs made me look out upon the- road, and there I saw a gentleman mounted on a powerful gray horse, riding straight up to'the stable door. As he dismounted, I saw he was rather a handsome man, of about thirty-eight or ftflby- He had a good-natured look, like one who takes the world easy, and at the same time there was a good-deal of determination about his well shaped mouth. He walked in as if the place were familiar to him, and asked if Mrs. Stedman were at home and if he could have dinner. Before I could answer either question, she came dqwn stairs and received the gentleman with more ceremony and respect than I had ever seen her bestow upon any one. Judging from her manner, he was an entire stranger to her, I thought he gianced sharply at her, at first, and then seemed satisfied; for he entered the parlor, which she opened for him, and in a careless way flung himself down in an easy chair before the fire, to await dinner. Mrs'. Stedman seemed greatly excited. She told me to lay the table with the best linen, silver and china, and went her self into the kitchen to superintend. Patty while , she cooked the meal, a thing she seldom did for.anybody. She sent me into the cellar for a bottle of the fcett wine it contained, and told me to pour it into the nicest cut-glass decanter. I bad an idea that she had discovered the gentleman to be some great personage—the governor, perhaps, travelling in disguise, and for that reason treated him with such respect. When the table was all iaid, and the dinner ready to be set upon it, Mrs. Stedman told me to go again into the cellar for a .certain famous pickle she kept there. I did as I was told, and she went up to her room. As I have said before, there was a trap door leading to the cellar, in the closet where the stairs leading to her room were. It was not directly under them, and I suppose I was not gone so long as she expected, for, as I came up with the pickle jar I saw hcrswiftly descend the stairs with the sealed bottle con taining the white powder in her hands ; and going to the table shook a little of it into the wineglass, and pouring some wine out of the decanter she filled the glass and called out to me—still in the cellar as she supposed, to open the parlor door, and say to the gentle man that dinner was served. Then she quickly went-np to her room again. - I was so horrified at what I had seen that, for a moment, I could not Jmove; then—and I shall never know what impelled me, some thing I cou Id not help—I rushed to the table, seized the wine glass, and pitched it and its contents out of the window. As I did so I heard a slight noise near the parlor door, and. there stood the gentleman observing me. “ And so that's her game, is it I” he said, half to himself. He stood silently for a moment, then he tamed to me and said : “ I saw the whole of itr.my girl i go and u3k Mrs. Stedman to come here,” I did as she bade me, and presently she came. Her face was deadly pale, and her black eyes had an unearthly brightness. The gentleman drew a step or two nearer, and said: “ You recognise me, I see, Mrs. Stedman. “ Don’t 12" she answered, in a low voice. The gentleman laughed. “ If I had p'nrtakenof yonr hospitality, my wife might have been a widow at the hands of her own mother.” ' At these words I saw Mrs. Stedman change color. “ Wife ?” she faltered. “-Yes, my honored wife, and the mother of my children—your daughter Clara.. Of course I married her; I had no intention of doing otherwise. 'It was done privately, to keep it from my father. If yon had not been too cursedly proud to open her letters, yon would have know it long ago. By George! you’re not going to faint!” for Mrs. Stedman sank down on the floor without a I screamed, and thecooX and the kitchen maid came running in, and'TTctweeri us we raised her and placed her on the sofa; but presently she. started up and went to her own'room, and we heatd her lock the door.—* •• Missus has seen a ghost,’ the kitchen maid said. ■ The cook hinted darkly at “spasms,” but Mr. Livingstone and I looked at each othei without a word. “.\Vell, I suppose I can have my dinnei now,".he said, at lost. And I must say he ate it with a better.ap petite than I should have supposed possible under the circumstances. He even drank sinnc of the wine, and praised ^ts fine Toward sunset he rode away, lc'ar'ng a note for Mib. Stedman. We all went ru>.jut onr business, for work never slacked in that house, and the evening coach was expected. It came with the nsual bustle of changing horses and getting sapper for the passen gers; bnt Mrs. Stedman did not appear, nor did we hear from her until nearly noorTthe next day, when her bell Tang, and the maid said Mrs. Stedman wanted me. I went up to her room, and such a change I had not expected to see. Her face was as white as her hair, and her band shook visibly. She extended toward me a long knitted parse which was filled with gold. “Alice,” she said, “you are a good girl; take this, and to-night when the B coach starts, go home to your parents. .1 will take care that no blame is attached to you.” “ I don’t want"1 money, Mrs. Stedman, but I will go home if you will let me, and tell no one but my father and mother,” I She held out the purse" and pointed to the door, and I left the room and hastily packed my trunk ; and when the coach was ready, got in and started for home. My parents were very much surprised when it set me down at the door, and they were still more astonished when I told my Mrs. Stedman continued to keep the “Black Horse Inn” ten years longer, when one morning she was found dead in her bed. “S* She never visited her daughter, but I have heard that Clara and her children passed a few Veeks with her every summer. Mr. Livingston she never saw again. When her will was read it was found that she had divided her property in equal shares between her eldest grandson Stedman Livingston, and myself 