ON THE WORLD'S HIGhWAYS HY J. If. IN MIDDLE EUROW! 1 SALJiBUIlG'S Sl'KCIAI/i'IES. The greatest genius III innate wits born to delight the world's! ours, where some of its pleasantest scenery extra to please the eyes The vagaries of Nature; to be seen about Salzburg culminated in Mozart's creation there Salzburg is a beauty spot on the world's face, nestling in the heart of Europe, on the banks of the men I? ich, na Stratford doca similarly in the heart of England, on the banks of the AA mi W wondrously appropriate places do the. both Times for still produc- tions as the first of the, world's poets and its greatest master of music 'lim "Swan of Avon has sung limiting songs, and that of Salzach struck though, to vibrate for all time, of an unequalled and heavenly kind For what Shakspeare real Mozart have given to the world do we honour these places of their birth, and thus alike pleasurable to the area and the intellect are both Stratford and ulzburg All musical Europe lately aroused itself to a celebration of the centenary of the production of the great master's masterpiece As with "Macbeth" in dramatic composition stands " Don Giovanni " in operatic ones ahead of all others Such has been the de 6400 of those best capable of giving such judgment-the German and English biographers of its composer Salzburg has, therefore, the double honour of holding the grave of Princeton, the father of modern medicine, and of cradling Mozart, the genius of modern music, all of which gives much of glamour to whatever is to be seen in this picturesque Austrian town. the way thereto from Vienna is to be made in a pleasant) short two hours' rule by rail The scenery much helps to make it agreeable, mill claims equal attention to either side of the line Salzburg wins one at first glance as on ingratiatingly and medically built place It receives one in this way as might a white haired, venerable, ruddy cheeked grandfather It is white 111 its stonework, and rudd, in its bricks and tiles A glory of a river runs through its centre, the rocky walls t which tower to great heights here and there on either side This river, tile Salziich, is as fine a stream as in the Maine at Frank fort, and rapid in its (low as to the Rhone at Geneva. A grand change tins in the watery way from the ditch like Wren of Vienna. On the wide, stone built bridge which spans this Salzach the stranger will stay for heat part of an hour indulging in a long look around. There is that to be seen up and was the stream, and in town surroundings, which will hold the attention of anyone Much of the time will be given to an effort to injure up what place it is that Salzburg oat recalls We seldom see anything that can not bring something else to recollection seen by ourselves in our present form, or that previously existing one of which we w and again have strange reminders. There is no modern hotel in Salzburg. The t I to be found is a delightful old place that old be called III England "The Tabard" 'The'luibot," as of the Elizabethan era. 1 name is equally old fashioned as "the horizon," and it fronts to a plate, or I are, with antiquated cobble stone gave 1\. it A coach and four might be driven j of the doorway of this hotel, down the hall, and up the stairs Falstaff, who wished to take his ease in his inn, could have done so here with Daniel Lambert for company, and a gross of other such overgrown brings Beau Brummell idea of luxury was "clean linen and plenty of it," 'The idea of the builder of the Erzberger was evidently space and plenty of it The guest, seized with this notion, finds it Lined out III all departments as he gets to know his habitation and the wide ways about it. "The Erzherzog" of Salzburg will remain in memory thenceforth as the most roomy of all round giving requiring room to travellers anywhere about it world. In the centre of the cobble stones square ," standard, or statue, which gives the name '-Mozart Platz" to it 'HUB represents- it the master musician is by Schwan r, and is as effective in arresting atten 1 93 is that of Grattan, by foley, seen car to the gate of Trinity College, in 'China These regarding both works do so Uli satisfaction It does not occur to them as, bad the work been placed in their hands, the) could have done it any better or that they could I have given the sculptor in valuable sugestion for the bettering of is artistic Ellora s You are Mozart here as you see Grattan III Dublin, and stand, wait 'go, expecting to hear him speak The record, as inscribed, is a simple one of three and dutia only It gives M iziirt'a fifth is in 1701), and his death as in 1791. It F J adds to the record another on the sad list of those children of ground who have been sent to show us how little is length of his mailed to the making of an immortal name who in the first half of an ordinary lifetime have done work which no length of lifetime given to others could product. going hence, as they have done, but that girl) and fatal Ago for genius and talent, of do "A Ufa too short for friendship not for fame ' Mozart's de Uli was due to decline, the medically called phthisis, ordained for removing htiKC of so many of the best of us 'I here are those who have questioned whether genius is anything but the outcome of disease as is the part in the oyster This urge that it was the cancerous stomach, which was his paternal inheritance, that made Bonaparte the restless, insatiable bring that he was in this way such theorists p nut to the number of these who die young when an unusually mildewed, and the poet puts it but more i> >t Heatly when saying that it is the impure 1 habitation we hit is held in the light Ooline like, in its broken up trre.uhritiea, in all of the. sum of munro as seen around Salzburg Out's head is being continually thrown back to look upon this or that height, and to wonder how people can fancy the toil of getting up so Bill, and the danger they run of tumbling down so far in this characteristic of the old duty it is very Edinburgh like Indeed, two of the Salzburg heights, one to either side of the river, much recall those of Castle- hill and Arthur's Seat Kopje to live aloft like this must have in them something in the nature of the birds which Bear out of eyesight, such as the swift and the condor, and there remain telescope cully visible only It is on one of those liniglit«.-the Cn pujtinerbt rg, looking down to pen the rapidly rolling Snl belt, that a building., strange and out of place in its appearance- is to he seen perched. As the soaring spirit fails to take out so high, the inquiring mind seeks information about It The Mo7artliiiusc,hen ' is the name given to it, in the German fashion of long names. It shares honours with the Casa Sunda " at Loretto on the Adriatic, in that it is a house removed hither from a distance, and in remembrance only of one ii who have dwelt in it elsewhere. It was Maris towelling during his longest stay III Vienna Why Vienna ever allowed Its re motor HeotiiDtia wondrous, but 1 set all that the Americans were once very nearly come pleting the removal (if Shakspeare's house before Mr linlliwcll stirred lit the imitator of purchase by and for the rushall nation, Salzburg;, likely enough, motel quietly in the matter, and bought and brought away the hive of (ore the Vtttmeee knew of his intended arrival Having not it here the buluburfclitra have put una far as possible out of the tenth of every buds the Viennese can take their share of it now in the long looked the nature of looking; a long way up with which, also, most other people have to la-iitla- ie.. strolling about delightful old Salzburg and up and down its quaint looking airuKKlinif stricta, I come upon the Mirltrt flats which in underwritten as lately called the Hannibal flat on a house situate here, at the corner of 1 litttlcrRtiMP, I read on a tablet, that it was once the " Wohiihaua" or dwell mi,, of the "divine MOTHER'S native ('... inscription goes on to an))olthÍ8tovvn In another r street of SttlaburrT, the Returned RiiaBe, I with the ChlemHceliof-» name alum. flag, I believe, a. lake The house H> a tablet on Its front it is the "Ooburtlmua," of birthplace of Mozart, and by repute it holds Asmussen of till that could be collected to Illus wrote the life and Ufa's u ork of this king of composers all Libraries, picture collections, and museums are too often found to be closed for cleaning, or on some one excuse or other, when you want to see them and have but limited time for doing so It was so with this Mozart museum, or "¿Mozarteum," closing this afternoon for a week, but the curator was open to conviction, and accepted solid Hanns for making my visit an exceptional one. with a promise not to do it when Here, in this birthplace of this genius of taste, in the clavichord, or spinner, on which his childish fingers played, and the piano to which he advanced at live, and played upon so well at nine years. Here are portraits of the youthful wonder, for such he then was, of the ages of four, at six, at nine, and nt fourteen At this last named age he played before the Court, and was recognised as the promising genius he soon proved himself The portraits of his father, mother, and brother are here Oh such souvenirs of his youthful days, and probably the most interesting, are some compositions scored by his own hand at that early age of five, when be had thus far mastered music Very carefully preserved here, with other souvenirs of his youthful years, are letters of Mozart to his father beginning " Mon tries cher here, showing him to be there Studying other things than music Here are the original scores of the "Mate I lute and the world-famoUS "Requiem," which he finished as for himself but a day or two before his death. Here also is the model of the house in the Wahring suburb of Vienna where he died. It is known that he was buried in the cemetery of St. Mary at Vienna, but of the place of his interment nil identity was strangely obliterated. This was occasioned by a storm of great violence and two days' duration. The cemetery was flooded, and remained as of mud pit appearance for some time afterwards When it was sought to erect a monument the spot was so question- able that the municipal authorities arbitrarily selected one the best situated for the display of such a memorial 'i he most notable thing in this museum is in the anatomical way In a glass case upon the wall are two wax models of the human car one of such represents the ordinary ear seen upon ordinary mortals , the other one shows the wondrous year given by Nature to Mozart I he opening to it-the outer car-ia seen to be but a third of the size of the opening to the ordinary ear It appears as an oblong suit but an inch in length and the third of an melt only in width Into our outer case the top of the thumb can be put, but into this ear of Mozart's the little finger's top could scarcely be squeezed Are we to seek in this curious formation they clue to the wonderful "ear for music" possessed by Mozart' I those who have placed the se models tor our in spection have apparently done so to start such question I o Mozart's great rival as master of harmony happened a curious circumstance connected with the ear Beethoven was deaf for greater part of his life, and when about to be buried his ears were surgically removed for anatomical examination 'They were, however, strangely stolen from the surgeon's studio, and their whereabouts has hitherto remained as undiscovered as is Mozart's grave. A (mc day is selected by mine host of the old fashioned inn v, here I am housed, for an excursion to the salt mine of Berchtesgaden and the Komgaec. If) this jaunt of a day's duration I shall pass from Austria into Bavaria and back again, all as unknowingly I as we cross the equator on a sea voyage. I should know of it probably quickly enough did I carry luggage in the chaise with me, but the Customs officials on the border line take no notice of a mere overcoat and umbrella wisely taken along, and that all re gardens) of the line morning A succession of mountain torrents are passed on the four or five hours of driving occupied in reaching the great salt mine. We have water in some shape or other, either in parallel stream or in bridged crossings, for nearly the whole way. By such the swollen stream of the Butzbach is to be accounted for, us also its rapid current Starting at 8 a. m we reach Berchtesgaden by noon, to and, by the number of vehicles round about, that we are not the only visitors. In writing in the plural number I include a genial American and his most pleasant vi lie, who nan- come with me on this excursion We find this salt mine to be now all of a sin w place, whatever it may have been as a mine, or may yet be in that way A large hotel and dressing rooms are here, and the latter must be visited whether the former be so or not We have to apparel ourselves in strange attire, and ladies have to assume a habit thoroughly masculine in character, and one which not all of them will readily adopt Of three adult sisters who are here one declared resolutely against going now into the mine she has come so far to see She will not put on "thoaeodioua things,' the articles alluded to being those which some ladies are erroneously, supposed to be desirous (hairs lively) to wear As there is no going into the mine otherwise attired, she has to at and out of the company, who now go on, a full dozen in number. 'The necessity for the bifurcated arrangement, the divided skirt," is seen at once We have to ride astride woollen horses, or something of that name, down a long line of tramway Six of us are put upon each horse closely holding each other around the waist in a manner compelling e earnest protestations against any tickling 'Ibu line of tramway is narrow and the motive power is that of gravitation We are started by a strong push, and we progress at an increase big speed, turning the corners quite cleverly, and going on with li momentum which is- cornes quite a rush when we are brought up atthoterrnniuBbyfour miners in waiting there Had anything in the nature of a block or baulk occurred there was nothing to prevent the second horse load, coming quickly behind, from Scattering up us an express train would in collision with a lower one The Hcrcheiagnileii mine is quite an under ground little township, of two hundred inhabitants, and a well lighted one The narrow roadway leads, after it mile or so, to a large plate-, in which a deep pool appears all failed mound. It has the appearance of an timm nee swimming-bath. Lieh len all around, as it is, it recalls Heck with a bath at the Westminster Aquarium tTn an extended of late We are to row, however, and not to swim, around, and boats are provided for those taking such exercise, while others of the look on or promenade about in the pride of our novel dresses. From this first level of the mine we descend to another at some great depth below To get there we see again the necessity of the divided skirt and our peculiar attire We have to slide down an inclined plane and a very much inclined one. At the head of it the miners place us in position on a Berbera sitting position, with our legs now, instead of our arms, around each other waist and our feet in each otliota'lap When all in position, the foremost one, who has been hitherto held back by two miners, at released, and down we go We do go, leo and for evermore each of us who! now know something of the sensation of falling, feet more meat from a four story window. We are caught somehow at the bottom and put upon our feet again. An illuminated open space appears here as before seen above, but no water is in the deep evens vation into which we go, It is an awful, looking pit, with sides gradually receding for thirty feet upwards Marlin him painted a picture called "Satan in Council," the print of which is common enough. The autocrat of Hades is represented enthroned on a globe in the centre of precisely such a pit as we are In. His Parliament are sitting, around the sides of the pit, which is terraced for the purpose, butters council chamber, as represented, in lighted much as ours here, and the whole scene was well repro- duced,-"<.evihah.y like" as one of our number suggested. From tina level we are neutral packed as before spoon fashion, and went down to a similar scene on a lower story. Those who have done any Canadian "tobogganing'' will know exactly the sensations of these slides, by which we are pitched from one part of the mine to another. We get used to them after doing one or two. and take it OH Finally M the excursion is taken by the gravity or switch uncle milly day, to which it is near akin At this lower level were taken to see the werE ings of the mine, and presented with specimens of the rock salt in all its varieties of ! colour, in none of which it seems still like salt until tried by the test of the tongue. We are hauled back through the mine by a cable line, and by a circuitous route to that by which we came, but awaits by the same mode of the wooden horse At the entrance or exit we are met by the inevitable photographer, who has his rooms adjoining to the dressing ones By the specimens shown it is seen how much the novelty of the dead has to do with the extent of his business, the ladies greatly fancying their curious attire, and especially, perhaps, its lower part We are again pi ice upon the wooden slide, or an imitation of it, in the photographer room our legs packed around each other, and are photo-,riiptied as a combination or limited company on one card We "come out' so well that our American lady leaves a large order for copies, which will have to be printed and sent after her It was to be noticed, In explanation, that she appeared to better advantage than the rest of the ear You of looking lot We find the advantage of the hotel now, and also of the fable of life rushing about in underground workings, in a salt impregnated air, has made us all selfishly hungry Hut for having to dress again we should have gone to eat before the photographing foolery, but now there was no holding us, and the quickness our redressing was most conspicuous. The call of the inward monitor is not to benighted after a five hours' drive on the road, with a finish off of another hour in a salt mine Adding the woollen horse and tobogganing exercises for further stimulants, it will be understood how often and how el capably the plates went up for replenishing A further drive of an hour brings us into Bavarian dominions and to the Kong see, and the end of SMUT days excursion 'liner Konig, or King a Sea, is an inland lake six miles in length, surrounded by perpendicular and picturesque mountains The extent of it is not to be seen from the end at which we stand, us projecting rocks shut out all views beyond it mile ahead A little village has grown up about the running place, and curios are offered for sale fashioned from deer's feet In this way pretty handles are made both for table and pocket knives The lake course in is managed by women only, who take SIX passengers to a boat Hard labour does not improve the appearance of womankind It is and to think that all the nice things sail of them apply only to the nice looking ones There was nothing in that way to be said of our two rowers, or of the coxswain None of the three appeared to be under 90 in years, and one of them had no traces of life left except in her powers of pulling It was fortunate that they spoke and understood only, all of them another tongue than ours, or the remark forced from some of us might have been thought to be rude Our American lady had full play now for her wit, and condoled with us on our afflicted state-for such it was with much bondswoman It was a being rowed over the Styx by Churoti a sisters or in allen aunts. By full agreement we cut short this excursion of an hour at the end of the first half It was too dull work altogether after the tobogganing, the photographing and the dinner for I have no idea that we were not the only boatload coming to such conclusion with such bondswoman It was not a bad idea to send us along in such company as a way of getting paid full price for work but half done What there may be at the other end of the Konigsee will remain unknown to us, and what we saw of the picturesque will likely Bulhce What we saw of the boat women certainly will Mountain tops are great attractions for clouds. On this drive back we find them accumulating thickly, and as we go onward quite darkening the road. We know what is coming, but not to the full extent A rattling crash or two of live thunder leaps along and reverberates among the lullaby way of overture to the coming storm And it was a storm I-the rain descending in sheets The condition of half drowned rats and as that of our party as we drove- up again in the late evening to the Mozart Plata of Salzburg From one of the upper windows of a house in this Salzburg was Paracelsus, the famous letormer in physic in the sixteenth century, thrown headlong and killed He had dared to promulgate a new theory that most diseases are aggressions upon the system from without, and require to be treated by utitngotiiaiic medicine In this doctrine, now accepted, he was the precursor of the modern "germ" theory, for winch and the like he incurred is tired and mallee and so she fired the reformer's fate. His house is honoured by a piano upon it, and Ina more than appears in the Church of St. Subiatian By the inscription thereon his real name appears to have been "Theophrastus " In the little Church of St Peter's, in the Mozart Platz, is seen the tomb of Mozart's wife, who survived her hush nil for 53 years As with all else in the El herzog Hotel, s i wash the bedrooms, which are of a bigness beyond belief My American friend com plans that himself and his into lose each other in the vast ness of their dormitory. I have none to lose but myself in my room, but there is a danger even of that much among the three large Bednall four-poster -train which I may choose Why three such big beds should be put into otto room is not easy of understanding, except to help to fill up space, for which reason alone many more might have been added. Each bed allows a strange substitute for a quilt It consists of two counterpanes sewn together and padded out with feathers or some such swelling to a thickness of two feet orsool pu Illness Even with two candles of church altar size-in such a wilderness of a room I feel alarmingly lonely. The candles light up but half of it, and there are awful black covered wardrobes and till and white monumental like stove that give things a funereal appearance. '1 lien I have to choose a bed front among the three, and am in the dilemma of the donkey among the truths a of many it requires the aid of a chair to get into either of these beds, and when manie how to keep that Brobdingnagian counterpane in its place all night is quite beyond me. As the down it rises above me like a night- mare, so that I cannot see over the apex of the mound away to the picture beyond the which I had previously noticed on the wall. Extinguishing the candles is out of the question, they will have to be paid for at the rate ot75 knutzeraeach, and so may as well be burned but they must be put for out of the waves the falling avalanche which this bed covering will be when its fall comes. It would be impossible to attempt sleeping in the dark in such immensity of apace, and yet the candles only help to make such more visible, as they stand there like two white sheeted ghosts on the black mantelpiece. It is of no me The night is line, and not yet midnight so I get up, and go out and wander about in the moonlight. Salzburg looks well in that way, and lean explore it all round, as I do for the hour, in the hope of tiring of) self i sufficiently to sleep I get leg weary by the end of that time, and more weary by the time I have rung up the sleeping porter of the old inn, who had long since locked me out just as I expected-that avalanche of a bed cover is lying on the floor when I awake in the morning. Courtly ski runners prevail in Salzburg. My hotel bill is brought to me in an envelope, addressed with the word " Wohlguboren" in the left hand upper corner, followed, u hue lower, by "Herr Jay limited " In France it would be "A Monsieur" in the sums left- hand corner, bart! The lower written "Messrs. Juj Hunch," This " Wohlgoboren '' or "Wellborn," has become dub wending its usage It no longer implies that the person so addressed is what our ancestors called a person of quality." Like our "esquire," It is now played down very low scattered about anyhow, without inquiry as to its proper applicability. My guide takes it that I am discontented with the title because I am laughing at it He proposes to go to point higher to please me, and others to get "Hoch wohlgeboron " substituted, which I tell him will do for next thin;. 