THE CHRISTIAN MINISTRY. TO THE EDITOR. Sir, — The purpose ofmj lecture unler the title of ' Christain Brethrenisiy ' was a vin dication of the Christian Ministry, and I reckoned as my opponents a group of cognate sects who agree in holding the contrary opinion. In the early part of the discourse I followed the line of the '.Plymouth 'Brethren, but indicated in the sequel that I had in view | .....t.IUl nitUUUL uciug careful to note the distinctions by which they shade off from one another. On one or two minor points touching their mutual relation ship, I may not have made the most accurate statement being, perhaps, put off my guard by a work entitled ' Christendom Astray,' which must be in good repute in the camp of my opponents for, before delivering my lecture, I found they had been circulating it among members of my congregation with a view to proselytize. In any case, I am bound to re spect the disclaimers of your correspondents, which I can do the more willingly since the admission in no way affects the argument de veloped in the lecture. I hold it sufficient for my purpose that the several bodies concerned wore known under the common name of Brethren, and agreed in the one object of opposing the Christian Ministry in the sense in which that office has been accepted in the overwhelming judgment of Christendom. That I have taken the correct view of the case is fully confirmed byyour correspondents, who have both rushed into print with addi tional reasons to justify their opposition. Mr, Burton betrays a lack of candor in charging me with appropriating the promise, ' Lo ! 1 am with you always to the end of the world,' to tlie solo benefit of the ministry, whereas he knmvs very well that I applied it to the whole church, together with the promise of the Spirit to lead into all truth. 1 did so for tho purpose of showing that, under such guidance, it was extremely improbable that, the whole church would have b«en allowed to go astray' for eighteen centuries till certain sectaries should arise in our day to recall it to the true path. In order to prove that all Christendom has gone astray Mr. Burton directs my atten tion to three passages in the New Testament, the first of which predicts that in the very end of time there will be a great falling away under the man of sin, whom the Lord shall de stroy with the brightness of His coming ; the second declares that in the latter time* some shall depart from the faith, and the third con tains the words of Paul to the Elders at Epliesus intimating that after his departure grievous wolves would enter into that fold, not sparing the sheep. This is the proof offered for the Chi istadelphian belief that all Christen dom has gone astray from the time of the Apostles. The vice of th« reasoning is couched in the failaey which draws a universal conclu siun iroui. particular premises. A clerical title irritates my opponent as a red rag does a bull. For a minister. to be styled ?' reverend ' makes him furious, and he quotes against me the command of Christ ?' be ye not called Babbi ' (Master). Now in sub mitting to be called Master or Mr. is not my antagonist sinning more literally against the Lord's word, on his own interpretation, than I am doing is permitting myself to be addressed as reverend or rev. It is very hard to be both narrow and consistent. If my opponent in sists on his practice, tallying with his prin ciples, he is bound to protest against being called anything, but plain B. G. Burton. But 1 presume he does nothing of the kind ; for the instincts of the heart sometimes correct the errors of the head and reveal a man's true crecd in spite of the profession of the lips. If I could believe in such narrow-mindedness as gleams forth now and then from Mr. Bur ton's letter, I would cease; to question the justice of Gibbon's sarcasm which describes the way to heaven as leading over a bridge as sharp as a razor. Mr. Burton makes a desperate effort to rob Melchizedck of his priestfco3d, which is ono of the commonplaces of Scripture. He reminds me that wo have lit! lo information regarding this patriarch ; but there is quite enough to annihilate his position and establish mine. Melchizcdek appears but onco and meets with only one man. But on that occasion he came forth in tho character of apriest aud performed sacreilotal functions to tho one person with whom he was brought into contact. It is per fectly monstrous to deny the priesthood of Melchizedek. for it is to repudiate the express words of inspiration — '? priest of t-» Most High God,' — it is to divest that patriatch of his divinely appointed office ; and it is to abro gate from the glory of Christ who was a high priest for ever ' after the order of Mcl chizedek.' : Mr. Burton concludes his homily in Mel chizedck with n caution to myself to guard against temerity. ' Mr. Grimm,' he writes, ' had better not rush in where Paul did' not sec fit to tread.' This forms the most curious part of a very curious letter, and shows us how 'a representative of the Christadclphians' can sometimes nod as well as Homer. There was indeed a difficulty attending Paul's teach ing on the subject of Melchizedek, not how ever in the tencher, as Mr. Burton strangely conceives , but in thoso who were to be taught, Thoy were as yet too dull of hearing to be ready to receive this doctrine, nnd therefore the Apostle through the whole of the next chapter upbraids themfor their supincness and uncon cern for divino things. Having at last aroused their diligence, Paul was so far from ' not seeing fit ' to enter upon this subject that he proceeds now to the very heart of it, nnd throughout the seventh chapter advances from point to point showing how far the priesthood of Melchizedek cx'elled that of Aaron, and this being so, concludes that in respect of the priestly office Melchizedck was of all men the best fitted to be a type of the Lord Jesus Christ who now ministers in the heavenly labor, Mr. Burton hero fancied he was taking his stand by the side of the Apostle and, being in 6o good company, was pleased to favour me with an admonition, but by his unaccountable misconception of Paul's meaning, he has qualified himself for a place among thoso renders who are described as being dull of hearing, as needing to be taught themselves instead of aspiring to be teachers of others, And as being only babes who were unfit to receive strong meat and still required to be fed with milk. But I am not done yet with thiB point. , When Mr. Burton thinks Paul hesitated to enter on the doctrine about Mel chizedek because it was so obscure, what can bo the worth of his ideas on inspiration. Does ho hold that all Scripture is given by inspiration of God, that holy men of old spake as they were moved by, the Holy Ghost nnd that ; tliey lisid' not the wgrds which man's wisdom tcachetn, . but which the Holy Ghost tcachcth r\^fxea why could iho think Paul should not 'acc fit' to venture on the,, subject o^;Melehize&k; because- so little help could be got $rom the Old Testament, To embraco such a otlief is not to sin - ngainst Ftud; but against'.th^oly. Glhost who^taught him what to write for the edification of the church. Coming now to Mr. M'Kechnie I have, first of all, to thank him for his candour in acknow ledging the good spirit that pervaded my lecture, an admission which is as honorable to him as it is pleasing tome. After making so good a beginning, it is to be regretted that he went off in a torrent of declamation instead of going calmly forward and looking the question fairly^in the face. Had he fol lowed his reason rather than his feeling. I am persuaded Mr. M-Kcchnie would have written something which would have been worth considering. But so far from granting us I this favor he gave way to a tirade agninst 'certain practices .which, whcth;r right oi wrong, really bclorfg more to the congregations than to the ministers. The only semblance to an argument is the alleged failure of the ministry in Balmain. Eegarding this sc-called inefficiency there .may be different opinions; but after detraction; has put the case nt the worse, the real question at issue would not be thereby decided, for there would still remain the consideration that Balmain is the merest speck in Christendom, ana tne onristian ministry might be sd overwhelmingly success ful elsewhere as to make failure in Balmain practically insignificant on the whole reckon ing. By nil the roles of controversy the task that lay to Mr. McKechnie's hand was not to prove the inefficiency of a paid ministry in Balmain, but to shpw that an unpaid ministry would be sufficient for Balmain nnd the rest of Christendom. On this subject he has pre served a discreet pilencc and diverged into a spurious argumentation, which is indebted^ for tiie little plausibility it contains to tho miser able doctrine which regards success as criterion of truth and right. This principle will con duct to very strange issues if consistently followed out. Was Elijah successful when he confessed he was ' left alone' ? or Isaiah when he exclaimed 'Lord, who hath believed onr report'? And does it follow that for this reason they were no prophets of the Lord 1 So far ns mere success goes, the Boman Catholics have much more of it than the Brethren ,of every name; but' does this settle the question as to which is the truer church t I am pleased to find that Mr, McKechnie is willing to extdncl the name of Christian to others outside liisWn cotcrie ; but his avowal is not sufficiently express to satisfy me. His words are, ' Every sinner that is born again is our brother in Christ.' That is to say, he -will allow the name of Christian to be applied in certain cases from which the greatest bigot on earth never'' dreamt of withholding it. He will call a man\\.0hristian who possesses this qualification, although he be found in denomin ations different from the Brethren. That, however, is not the point raised. It is not a question of individuals, but of churches. What I want to know is not whether persons maybe found in all denominations, who are entitled to tho name of Christian, but whether the qualification which Mr. McKechnie has laid down is sufficiently characteristic, according to his judgment, to entitle the churches of Christendom to be called Christian churches. As now put, the question can be answered by ' yes,' or ' no' ; and I am persuaded Mr. McKechnie will say '-yes,' On this subject my other opponent, Mr. Burton, has preserved a suspicious silencc, and I shall be obliged if he will supply this omission, especially if it be in the affirmative. Information is desired on two points ; first, whether he will allow the name of Christian to the churches of Christen dom ns churches ; and, secondly, if in the affirmative, how he can reconcile this liberality with the Christadelphian belief that Christen dom has gone astray. I now put these two questions straight to Mr. Burton, and pause for his reply. I am, yours, etc., GEO, GBIMM. Balmain, 11th June. 