THE STOEYTELLER. A SEPTEMBER GHOST. (t'KOJt ALL THE YEAR ROUND.) 'My pood woman,' I said, struggling hard to control my temper, ' these letters are of the greatest importance ; they must be taken to Wnlthamthwait Manor to- night.' But, although 1 spoke in my most autocratic manner, in my heart of hearts I knew that she, not I, was the mistress of the eiMmt.inn. 1 think she knew it too. judging by the gentle, de precating way in which she smiled ; a woman never looks so like a reed as when possessed of power, and bent on using it. ' These letters must be taken to Walthamthwait Manor to night,' I repeated emphatically. ' Certainly, sir ; I maUe sure when the master comes home he will lend you the mare,' thp. farmer's wile replied gently. She wis a Berkshire woman, and hersoft southern accent came to me as a. welcome relief, after a day spent in a vain endeavour to understand the strange, semi-Gaelic dialect of the Dalers. ' But you say you don't know when he will come ; perhaps not to-night.' 'Why, sir, you see it all depends on them sheep, and sheep are the most unreckonable of creatures. If the master lias sold them all I'm pretty sure we shall see him to-night ; though he might go on to Pateley for the ir- ..iicet,' she added meditatively. ' There now, you see yourself we cannot rely upon him ; 1 must find a messenger. Have you no man about the place ?' The woman shook her head. ' Then there is no help for it ; I cannot walk a step further, so your son must go,' I said, pointing to a lad of about IS, who was lounging on the settle. Mrs. Metcalf shook her head more decidedly than before. ' Of course I will pay him for goinsr,' I added impatiently. ' It's not that, sir. Jim would go, and gladly too, just to oblige you, if it was anywhere else ; but not to the manor, sir, to-night Why, it is almost dark already.' ' But it is not more than live mi lea, you say, and a great fellow like that cannot mind the darkness.' 'Not to the manor, sir; anywhere else you like — but not to the manor. Jim shall not go to the manor to-night.' That was all she would say ; and my prayers, entreaties, bribes, and threats were alike powerless to move her irom her resolve. The more I stormed the more gentle she became, but with the inllexible.gentleness of one who was determined at'any cost to protect her own from danger. ? On the 1st of September — it was then the 20th — my brother and I had come down into Yorkshire on a walking tour. Frank was more active than my sen', but we had stuck faithtully together until the previous day, when, his patience being ex hausted by the time I took vainly endeavouring to make a sketch of the Brimham rocks, he had set off alone into Craven, to : 'Walthamthwait Manor, which some cousins of ours had taken for the season : and there I had arranged to meet him after a s day s rest at rateley. ? j At Pateley, however, I found a budget of letters, and amongst them one from tne Admiralty, summoning Frank back to tiis ship. As the letters had been waiting some days, no time was to be lost, and hearing from the innkeeper that Walthamthwait was within an easy walk, 1 set out. My roud lay up Nidderdale, and round by Great Whernside, but either the landlords idea of distances varied considerably from mine, or else 1 must have lost my way, for after passing Middlesmoor 1 wandered for hours in an almost uninhabited region, and then learned at a little j waysicie farmhouse that 1 was still five miles from the manor. The larmer's wife received me most hospitably, and offered me a bad, which, as I was thoroughly worn out, I should have been most thankful to accept, if only i could have found some one to carry the letter to Frank. I took the woman into my confidence, thinking that, if she realisetrmy difficulty, she would be the more ready to help me. She listened to my story with a sympathy that was quite touch ing. 'If only the old inure were at home,' she kept saying; buc none the less was she resolved that Jim shuuid not go to the manor that night; nor could she give me any hope of finding either a horse or a messenger on the way. 'There's not a house between here and the manor,' she said, with a queer little glance at her son ; 'and if there was, nobody would live in it. .Now, sir, just be reasonable. You look real down tired. Have a bit of supper now, and you will feel better. If tue master comes home you can have the mare, and if not, Jiui stiall take the letter over betimes in the morning.' There was nothing else to be done, so 1 was obliged to submit, although resolved that, if the farmer did not return by 9 o'clock, 1 must yet out lor the manor on loot. The woman's obstinacy had exeited niy curiosity. Although the house was clean and ' neat, there were sigus of poverty on every side ; it could only be a very strong reason, 1 thought, that made her thus prevent her son's earning a couple of sovereigns by a five miles' walk. She tried to avoid the subject, but, alter a good deal of ques tioning, ahe confessed that the road to themauor wks 'uncanny.' This idea, amused me not a little : I had thought that all these old superstitious vanished when railways were invented. But then, oi course, eveu railways are thiugs unknown at Walthum thwuit. . ' It yout had seen all I have, you would be less inclined to laugh, air,' Mrs. Metcalf remarked reproucmuiiy. i. upulogised ior'.uiy untimeiy urirtu, and soon, as I sat there listening idly, the womau launched into all Hie details or tlie tragedy ihat must, bhe said, make that road fur ever uncanny. Airs. Metcan, the dauguter of a small Berkshire farmer, had, when quite a girl, come down to the manor us maid to .Lady liurcueater s two daughters. Her mother had been a Craven woman, and before her marriage, Lady Burchester's maid. Judg ing by the tone of real affection with which the woman spoke of them, her young mistresses must have been kindly, good-nearted girls, although their motlier was evidently a Tartar. She was a genuine Daler, bom and bred in Walthamthwait, and never jeavingituutil she married SirFrederick.Barchester, a fast young ' officer who, having come north on a shooting-party, fell m love with the beauty or Craven, married her, and took her to hia : southern home. The marriage does not seem to have proved a ?. happy one, lor when, a few years later, Lady Burcheater returned to her lather a house a widow, she, who had letticu bright, winsome ?fiirl, had become a fierce, hard woman, whose hand was against every man, and, as ahe believed, every mail's hand against her. She brought with her two little girls, whom she loved with such jealous passion tkut, it theyamued at any one but her, eveu at ner own luther, she would frown with anger. These two girls grew up at the manor, entirely cut off from the j world, until the elder was nearly 11), when their father's relations ? interlered, and insisted upon their beinsi taken into society befitting their rank. Lady Barchester made a gallant struggle to keep her children lor herself alone, and, at the end it was only the lear that they should be taken from her entirely that induced her to accompany them to town for the season. The two northern heiresses created quite a sensation in Lon don, and little wonder, for, according to the portraits Mrs. Me teal t showed me, they must both of them have been un deniably beautiful. The younger of the two was a brilliant brunette, who, if one may juuge by laces, had inherited her ' mother's determination, it not her jealous temper ; the elder was j cast iu a gentler mould. 6he wus.oue oi those tall, willowy uirls who look aa if a gust ot wind would blow them away. Htr lace waa wonderfully lovely, with large, piteous blue eyes, which seemed us if they were appealing— appealing, too, in vaia — lor sympathy to those mound. By the strunge magnetism of contrasts it waa the gentle Dorothea, not the more brilliant Kathleen, who waa her mother's favourite child. When, at the end ot the season, the Burcheatera returned to the manor, Kathleen was betrothed to the great catch of the j year, Sir Lionel Foster, the owner of lar^o estatea in Craven, and a member of a good old northern family. Lady Barchester, far from being elated at her daughter's good fortune, grieved over it as a calamity. -She did not hold with marrying and giving in marriage, and openly declared that, if Sir Lionel had not been a Dalesman, he should never have married her daughter. Dora, too, had found a suitor, a young artist, whose father, the leading Queen's counsel of his day, owed his fortune and fame entirely °Mr3.°Metcal1f,1 much as she deplored the fact of Arthur Dacre's being only 'a painting fellow and of no sort ot lamily, was forced to confess that he was a fine, handsome young man, who had already made a mark in his profession, and was, as he styled it, 'very much thought of in London;' but as she naively remarked, 'if the king upon his throne had asked for Miss Dora in marriage, her mother would have rejected him with scorn;' so there was little hope for one who combined the obnoxious attributes of parvenu, artist, and southerner. Lady Barchester seems to have been determined that no one should come between this daughter at least and herself. Lhe young artist did not take the contemptuous refusal he received much to heart. Perhaps the fair Dora had found some means of letting him know that she did not share her mother's views, for he coolly wrote and told Lady Barchester that lie should renew his proposal when her daughter was of an a--,e legally to decide for herself. This meant that the young people must wait about IS months. But Sir Lionel, who was a friend ot Mr. Dacre s, encouraged the match, and took care that his sister- in-law should, from time to time, meet the man she loved. At length, when Dora was 21, she summoned courage to tell her mother that she was resolved to marry Arthur Dacre. A terrible scene ensued, which the girl's strength, already under mined by the silent struggle oi the two previous years, was little able to endure ;' and just as her mother, in a herce blaze ot rage, was calling down the wrath of heaven upon the base-born traitor who had stolen from her her daughter's love, Dora fell to the ground, with blood streaming from her mouth— she had broken a blood-vessel. Lady Barchester's remorse was as pas sionate as had been her anger, and, ready to make any sacrilice now that her daughter's life was in question, ahe hastily sum moned Arthur Dacre. Unfortunately he was abroad, and nearly a month elupsed before he reached Walthamthwuit. In the meantime, Dora seemed to have recovered her usual health, and her mother had begun keenly to regret the invitation she had sent. 'The day Mr. Dacre was to arrive was a terrible day for all of us,' Mrs. Metcalf said with a sigh. 'Sir Lionel rode backwards and forwards between Stony-place and the manor, trying to per suade my lady to be reasonable; for, at the last moment, -she had changed her mind and declared that Mr. Dacre should not aee Miss Dora. She,' poor thing, was just a picture ot misery the whole time. I feltaure they would kill her amongst them. It was . settled at lasr, though not without a terrible hard battle, that Mr. ; Dacre should stay with Sir Lionel, and from there come over to dine at the manor. When Miss Dora knew that she was really going to see him, she was like a different being ; she laughed, and chatted, and sang as she came and helped me to look through her gowns, for she was bent, she said, upon wearing her prettiest that night. I remember so '.veil, just as we heard the carriage wheels in the distance, she threw her arms round my neck and kissed me. 'Annie,' she said, ' look through all my things. I should like to give something to each of you to-night And please run downwith tlmt grey travelling-shawl to Mrs. liuberta. The one she was wearing on Sunday was so thin, there could be no warmth in it. Give her my love too.' 'Now at the manor the diningroom door was never shut, as a heavy curtain hung before the opening. As soon as I knew dessert was on the table, I stole downstairs to have a peep troin behind this curtain at my young mistress and her betrothed. ; There was no one but they and my lady at table. Miss Dora, ; who was usually so silent and sedate, was beaming with huppi ness, and laughing and talking gaily, whilst Mr. Dacre seemed to hang on the very words as they fell from her lips; they were all and all to each other, for although from time to' time they . would turn and make some remark to my lady, it was always with an effort. It was just awful to see my lady! She sat at j tht head of the table with a scowl as black as thunder, upon her I face. How them young people could laugh and talk so with her ! glowering down upon them. I could not imagine. The way she looked made my very blood run cold. -? . .' - 'About 9 o'clock a terrible storm came on ; I have seen many a bad one in my time, but hone so bad as that. Fulka don't know what real storms are like until they have lived in these narrow valleys. That night the lightning seemed to play like great tongues of fire around the house, whilst the thunder roared, the wind howled, and the rain fell in torrents. 1 was too frightened to stop upstairs alone, so 1 crept down into the hall. As it struck 10 o'clock my lady rang the bell, and inquired if Sir Lionel's carriage had not come for Mr. Dacre. ''Sir Lionel's not a gentleman as would send a horse out on such a night,' I heard old Thomas, the butler, reply sturdily. 1 Why, my lady, have ye na seen the lightning? I'd like to see a : carriage that could stand in this wind.' - j . ' 'Mr. Dacre,', my lady said, in that stately way of hers, 'Sir j Lionel promised that bis carriage should be here by 10 o'clock ; he has failed to fulfil his engagement ; lam atraid you will be obliged to wajk to Stpny-pluce.' ! Through the open door I could see Miss Dora and Mr, Dacre look at tier in blank amazement. ' ''But, mamma, sureiy ? ' Miss Dora began, but her I mother cut her stiort with a gesture. . ] *' ' I know that young men are not now what they used to be,' j my lady said, in a voice thai made me shudder ; it seemed to cat I like a .sharp knife as you heard it 'And of course there is all the difference in the world between northerners and southerners ; but I should have thought that, even for a southerner, a walk of two miles would scarcely have been counted a hardship.' '?'Neither of two, nor of twenty, I hope,' Mr. Dacre replied with a laugh. ' liut, in inky darkness, with a storm such as this racing — : ? ' he hesitated. ' ' It is a straight path, you cannot miss it ' 11 'Do you mean, Lady Barchester, that you really wish me to ? set out in this storm V he asked indignantly. 'Your invitation, Mr. Ducre, waa until 10 o'clock. If it is the darkness you are afraid of,' my lady added with a sneer, ' one of the footmen may accompany you.' ' Mr. Dacre's face Hushed angrily. 'Thank you, I will not trouble your servant, and, as 1 am so unwelcome, 1 will intrude upon you no longer. Good evening, Lady Barcheater. Good-bye, Dora. Don't let this trouble you, darling,' he added, lowering his voice. * I shall aee you to-morrow.' ' He walked to the door, which old Thomas opened most un willingly. A violent gust of wind dashed the men across the threshold back into the hall, and at that moment a vivid Hash ot lightning filled the air withllame, whilst the crash of thunder waa so loud that the whole building reeled. Misa Dora, who had been standing as one stunned, sprang forward with a shriek — ' 'Arthur, you shall not go ; you sliall stay here. Mother, you cannot turn him out. Arthur, darling, say that you will not go.' ' And she clung to hia arm with pueoua entreaty. | Be silent, child,' my lady said sternly. ' Have you no sense of maidenly modesty? Mr. Dacre, must 1 tell you for the second time you are intruding ';' ' He looked at her tor a moment, as if strongly tempted to tell her what he thought ; then he threw his arms around Miss Dora in one passionate embrace, forced open the hull door, and ! strode away. I ' ' Fur Heaven's sake, be careful at that bridge,' old Thomas cried alter him ; and then, turning to my lady, he said solemnly — Your luther, my old muster, wouldn't have turned a dog out on such a night aa this, my ladv. In Craven, a curse testa on them as turns away a uueat.' 'MiaaDom never closed her eyes that night, bin just lay and , moaned like a atrcken lamb. It was well on to morning when I I fell asleep myself, and when I awoke she waTS^^^ j bedside, very white, but quite calm and-deteTmin,8ndlB« b* my o- ?Annie, please dresa quickly/ she said 't\ btony-place, .and you must come with me i „,?? «?oing to an.-?tilier»day, m,a hoU8e where he is not welcome ? ' llot stay By 8 o'clock we were on our way. Ia woaT'ln . the storm seemed to have swept from the earth alU^?0'1'^ i beautiful and sweet. My mistress talked away nite 'T™? '» we walked. She told me ahe should stay with hi c-nlm|y a« Sir Lionej until she was married. y ' her 8«ter and ' 'It will only be a week or two now,' she snid »'? i and a faint fiuah, and that then she would go toLnn.i -l ?Smi'e ' to go too. . ,.?? . onu°andlwaa 11 Now,; at about half a mile from the mnnor ther* -fc ,. stream wnich separates the park from the meadows t a.,lltl|e stream, and so it is in a usual way ; in aummer L ' Jt & ford across it, although, after heavy rain, it swells VnH y-^ttmaj an important river. You will see it, sir, as you -otnVi -laite —just at the park entrance ; there ia no lodge at Oifa rid?1'?1 those days there was an old-fashioned wooden briW.L' In gentlefolk set great store by, and artists uaed to come ftmthfi around to sketch. Ah we drew near I noticed that the r fi?.Bl1 more swollen than I had ever seen it before, and also tl ! ffM thing was wrong with the bridge. One ot the shafts thnf«,me' ported it had been washed away and had dragged (low, with X the little hand- nul. I was just wondering witut we sal Ln iU for it is a long way by the road to Ston y-pluce, when my ? uSSiS suddenly sprang from my side, and, with one bound wn« «\ fi88 brink ot the river. What followed, sir, to this day I neZ rfV.'f15 ? knew. I heard a shriek-oh, Heavens ! I can hear fhat ft' still ; it was more like the cry of a wounded animal thnn of human creature— and saw Miaa Dora jump into the river % a fell juat in the middle, where the current was most strong n,S in a second she was carried away by the force of the stream fir beyond my reacti. Some men were working in a field near nn,i heard my cries ; but they were too late. Misa Dora wnsdwH long betore they reached her.' ' cuu The woman stopped to dry her tears. ' What could have induced her to commit so wild a deed »' i asked. ' , . . ' l 'Alt, air, she had cause enough for what ahe did, aa I Baw when 1 came back to the stream ; for there, on the lurther bank Mr. Dacre was lying,' white and ghastly, with a terrible wound hi the aide oi his head. He must have been on the bridge when it fell, lor the doctor said he waa not drowned— I myselt saw that hia face waa out of tne water — but died from hitting his. head nguuist u stone. Misa Dora mast have caught sight of him and tried to spring across the river to hia ante.' ' ? ? ' What became ot Ludy BurCuealer?' ' ' ' '' The woman ahuddered as she replied— ' The news that some, thing waa wrong must have reached her, for we hud juat tuken the poor young gentleman out of the water and luid him on the gruas when 1 saw my ludy coming towards us. She came quite close ami stood for a moment looking down at him with such a strange, herce look, ulmoat aa it she waa glad he waa gone. When her eyes tell on me, ahe asked angrily what 1 was doing there, and bade me go andfsee to my young unstress. '''She must know nothing of this,' she said sternly, 'Do you understand? 1 forbid you to tell her a word ot this,' and ahe turned towards the houae ; but the plank of wood on which her dead daughter waa lying barred her way. We were all on the tolt grass, and had never heard the lootatejia of the men who were carrying it. It waa terrible to see the dead faces of those two pour young things ; but their fucea were nuihing to my lady'a. When 1 am alone the awiul look .thut came over her when ahe saw Miss Dora lying betore her, haunts me sometimes, even now. Sheatood perfectly still, Justus it she were in a dream ; and not one ot us dured to move. Then Sit Lionel rode up. Someone must have told him what had hap pened, lor he was white as deuth. My liuij looked at him lor u moment and then suid quietly, but in a voice that seemed to come irom lur-olV hollow caves— ' Lionel, I killed him, so God Ima kilted her,' and then she turned and walked to the houae with her usual stalely gait. ' ' The men thut were carrying Miaa Dora and Mr. Ducre, fol lowed her alowiy, we all walking behind them. My lutly mast have gone more quickly than we, for when we reached lhe broad avenue ahe waa alreauy outoi sight, anil justaa we crossed the threshold of the manor-house, the report of a nun rang through lhe uir. My ludy hud shot heraeii.' ' But what has all thia to do with Jim's not being able to take my letters '!' I n&lced;, utter a long pause, during which the good wi'mun had in aome degree recovered her coniuoaure. . She looked at me lor a moment as it she thought I must be singularly lucking in intelligence to usk such a question, and then suid aoleinuiy — 'It lathe 20th of September, sir, to-duy; twenty-aeven yeura ago to-night that poor young gentleman died by the mtmor- purk bridge. He will be there to-iiiRut. ? '? 1 hud no time lor lurther discussion, ao prepared to start at once m apite oi all Mrs. Metcult'a enueatiea that 1 would not tempt fute by trying to croas the bridge thut night, ' lnat poor young geiuleruim will be tuere,' ahe repeuted uguin and ««»?'?? 'I only hope he may,' 1 replied with a luugh, us 1 wisueaner I set'out for the manor, philosophising aa I went, on. the strange persistency with which old auperatitiwns anil linger oil in the north. ' 'i here la u line Held lor a school board Uere, i muttered, with u sniff oi scorn. 'How can people mtuwour duy be capable oi such lolly?' , .-,.;,, All my me 1 had hud a peculiar contempt for ao-called psy cmc experiences, being urinly convinced that in every cuae Uiey were the inventions oi luipoaiurs. or the ravings oi hyaiencal wo neu. So far did my auuputuy go, ttiut I had given up »lk»'K-™* favourite newspaper simply uecauaeit would pwsisui} kw™11? the auyings unU doinga oi tne Psychical society, it, w eu . started lor the manor, any oue hud uaked me whether 1 w»ie«u iu ghosts, 1 should huve regarded the question aa a s'P''™3 so convinced wua 1 Unit no sensible muu could Uoa'-%u'£hL . the sore ; but, betore 1 waa at lhe end oi my journey ™*tm&* 1 wus doomed to discover that, even in myself, there .were w things than i had dreamed of iu tuy philosophy. My path lay along a narrow lane, with iliick bushe s grow ing on either aide, irom which, now and then, tail »?e»f,*~ *£ their heads. It was one oi those nighta we 8oraet!mJL3:.,B some September, when light and darkneaa aeera to be play' 8 sow litiul, restless gume. The moon was a good-aized creaceni. u shone with quite a briliiuut light, but dark, ^y' '.^ZlZ o the Hitting beiore ita bri«ht surntce, casting thick aurKl^-' V.e tne world. A geu tie breeze wua blowing, juat eu.o'Jj'\ ,°,T piteous leaves, aa tney lluttered, moun and cou aa it ID.~* '''*:» waa tulea to tell it only they could find a liateuer. , 1«»aP' . tojd they that recalled to my mind what the farmer* wi *« '' hD of me. There was something almoat grotesque in ine f iuu *, gQ Una peacetul little valley having been the scene ^ afal^fug mt ghastly— of a young man lull of lile and bright hopes aw ^ ^ there with such a late ; to die HUe * d°K.m *„„. i caught through the obstinate lolly of a jeuloua old woman ? £eu tliut myaelt trying to imuKiue what Arthur Uacre maw ?»» becoaie night when driven out into the storui. 1 he air seeraeu enite suddenly chill, or perhaps roy weariness made we c *1W,M what waa only a. natural change iu the atuiosp ne r e. vuUj,y it may, 1 shivered us 1 dru^ed my tired ^^'^aloioat loiiRiny ior tuy journey to be ended. x 'e s?' ,,''„ nnbiuino'. ternule ; there wua noaiKU of human being or I1U''' uleW ugai'8? not even u bird was sin^ui};, uiia wtien u dead leai mvaelf my lace 1 aturted aa ii 1 had received a blow, i V L miRhU together and tried to luugu ut my lolly ; but 8iruf-'JoUt tueroad the conviction that there wua aoinethmy uucuiu - ''' rusilin? lurced itself ui.oa sac. The auence, broKen OIliyii,- ? 1 tried of leuves, seemed to become more and more O'uttJ'* re.echoetl to whiatle, but the weird torco with which t ie '--c ,j.,|e ,ree^ the sound waa more trying even tuun the aii'n«o* hpaan to assume all eons ot grotesque iorms and shapes : one ^rpntcnunt ouk stretched out its arms like a skeleton, seeking K plntch the passers-by ; another bore a Btrange resemblance to a rrnlJows. Just as l was possing'this one, something touched my ?not--it was only a rabbit running across my path— and my heart heenn to throb and ilutter. -?-'Clearly I have, been walking too niiich and overstrained myself, 'I said, but a mockinp voice whisDered that it was the mind, not the heart, that was affected. 'What about the superstitious tolly of those northerners now, pi, v» itaslced. Could it be that I, the sceptic of sceptics, was disturbed by the remembrance of the stupid prophecy of a ''rrulous old woman ? The thought wna too absurd, and I strode manfully on. Still, it, was. no good denying it, .the ..road. ..was uncanny, and in my life I had never seen such strangely human-: lookin' trees ; each one of them seemert to have a theory of its own as' to how the sourtd of my footsteps should be echoed. At length, just ns the inexplicable feeling tliat had taken possession, of me was becoming unbearable, I heard the sound of rnnhih' waters, which told me that I must be near the bridge. The thought that I had only halt a mile more to go gave new life and energy, and I walked rapidly on to the solid atone erection that had replaced the rustic wooden bridge of other days. The park wns as I could see, fenced off from the stream by an iron railing, just as I was in the middle of the bridge, I had another touch of that queer jerky feeling at my heart, that I had had twice before that night: To this day I don't know why I should have felt the sensation then, for I could swear that, at the moment I did feel it, there was no thought of Arthur Dacre in my mind. 1 stood still, frightened at the rate my heart was beating, and, as 1 did so, I noticed something white glimmering close to the railing. What it was I could not tell, as the moon was hidden by a cloud ; then, I will confesB, the remembrance of the tragedy which had been enacted there 27 years before flashed into ray mind. My heart beat more spasmodically than' before ; I was con scious of astrange choltingsensation, asif something were pressing tightly around my throat, and I felt an unconquerable reluctance to advancing further until I knew the meaning of that white cleam. In a moment, however, an overwhelming sense of the absurdity of my conduct rushed into my mind, I took one step forward ; but at that instant the moon pierced through the cloud that had enveloped it, and shone down with a clear brilliant light, and I saw the white ghastly face of a dead man turned towards me. The wish I had so rashly uttered as I left the farm was gratified me : Arthur Dacre stood before me. liis body was hidden by the bushes, but his face I saw as clearly as I see this lamp before me now. I stood as one paralysed. For my life I could not have moved an inch ; my heart seemed to cease beating, and my brain reeled ? as an unutterable sense of horror— not fear, but something a thou sand times more terrible, penetrated my whole being.' I' would rather face a hundred deaths than experience that feeling again Tlie figure seemed to motion me to advance, and then, as if it noticed my unwillingness, it uttered a cry so strange in the un utterable piteousness of the sorrow it expressed, that it froze. my very heart, and ? . :;; I remember no more until I found myself lying oh the grass, and heard a rough, kindly voice muttering by my side— ; : ; 'Queer job, this 1 Leah on me, sir ; ye be all right now.' :'?'?'? : It was'Farmer MetcaU, who had ridden after me to offer the loan of his horse. . ','-': ??}/'?''?':.-:? A serious illness, which my friends attributed to over- walking, was the result of my adventure, and it was a month before 1 was able to leave Walthamthwait. The day before I started for; town, Farmer Metcaltipaid me a visit. Evidently the' good man' had something on his mind. lie hummed and liahed and twirled his hat for some time in dire confusion. : ; ''? 'I kind o' guess, sir,' he at length began, ' ye'd had a bit o' a fright that night I found ye lying by the bridge.' That white thing, ye know, it give me an ugly turn when I first seed it ; but it was nobbut the squire's white-i'nced mare that had gotten its head fa3t in t'iron railings I' ' ; 