Was it a Mistake ? Bv CURTIS YOIiKE. One chilly afternoon in February, a very pretty, very determined -look- ing young woman was standing, dress ed for walking, before one of the ar tistically draped mirrors which adorn ed a certain cozy drawing room in South Kensington She was regard ing the very seductive vision which was reflected in the aforesaid minor with large, serious seemingly unap preciative eyes. They were lovely e-'es, by the way, dark, soft and ex pressive. Her features were small, and sharply cut ; her figure was all a woman's ought to be; her tout *? ensemble was bewitching enough to satisfy the most captious critic of charms fetn iuine. The only occupant of the room was an elderly lady who oat in an easy chair near the fire. She was a real elderly lady, with a real cap and real gray hair. Usually she wore a real smile too, but it was replaced on this occasion by a distinctly unreal frown. ' STou make me feel almost angry, Nina,' this lady was saying, with would-be severity, 'aud your Aunt Lavinia is very much disappointed. You haverefuseda trulvestirmihla man a most worthy man, and in a spleudid position as far as means go — for no reason whatever, except — ?' ?' Except that I hate him,' rejoined the person addressed as Nina, with vicious emphasis, putting up one daintily gloved hand to adjust the ab surd little spotted veil which covered half of her charming face. 'I would rather be thrown from the top of St. Paul's, or — or be boiled alive than to marry Mr. Peter Harding ! Ugh ! I can .scarcely bear even to dance with him. I would as soon marry a toad ! So now, Aunt Jane ! If you are tired of me,' hotly, ' why I — ' 'Tut, tut! my dear,' said Aunt Jane, 'dont be silly. But this is the fourth good match you have refused lately, to my certain kuowledge, ' she continued regretfully; ' and you know Nina, you are twenty-five — ' 'Twenty-four aud a half, dear,' gently corrected her niece. ' Well, it's all the same ; and vour Aunt Laviuia says — ' ' 'That she had fourteen offers before she was sixteen!' interrupted Nina glibly. 'One from a. marquis, two two from millionaires, seveu from bar uuets,( and four from large landed proprietors. 1 know the list by heart! That she was manied before she was seventeen, and was a grandmother at —was it twenty-eight or thirty-eight, auntie?' she concluded with an air of innocent inquiry. But Aunt Jane did not laugh. She thought it almost treason to laugh at 'Aunt Lavinia,' who was her only sister, long since widowed, and who ruled the whole household with a rod of iron — except one member, and that one refractory member was Miss Nino Ferrers, who, being an orphan, had lived with these two aunts, her only relatives in England, since she left school. She disputed Aunt Lavinia's authority vigorously and continuous ly, and listened with scorn to that lady's long-drawn-out tales of the havoc she had made among susceptible male hearts in days gone by. 'Twenty-four!' said Nina, turn ing away from the mirror, aud rolling up her eyes in mock dismay, 'and still Nina Ferrers! Terrible! And nearly all my contemporaries have de serted me to join the ranks of the glorious British matrons. And yet— are they any happier than I ? Edith Mowbray, for instance ; she has dia monds ad iibitum, the handsomest horses in London— or out of it, carte blanche at Worth's and Elite's, and, for anything I know, at Hunt and itoskeH's as well. How happy she must be! Her husband is a great bloated beast, of course, with two ideas his dinner and his wine-cellar, especially the latter. But what of that ? A mere detail ! Nellie Ailing ham, too, she fell in love with and married the handsomest man it has ever been my lot to behold. She adores him still ; and he— well, his affaire* du coeur are as numerous as ever, perhaps rather more so. Poor Nellie! Annie Dering, too j she ought to glide through life on velvet. She is now Lady Cardonnel ; her set tleiuetits were princely, she is as beautiful as a dream, she has society at her teet, and her entertainments sire more -sought after than any in towu. Of course she is happy. True, they my his lordship ill-uses her bru tally in private. They also say she hates him like poison. I know she looks iike the ghost of the girl she used to be. But,' with a shrug, 'what will you? You can't have everything. Poor pretty Mabel, too, who married an old horror with both feet in the grave, and broke her lov er's heart ? But I will not particu larize further. On looking round the circle of our married acquaintance, I do not think wedded bliss is— to speak paradoxically — conducive to happiness. As a matter of fact, 1 heartily admire Aunt Lavinia's bete noire, Violet Carlin, who ran away from her fat old stockbroker of a bridegroom on her wedding morning, and took wing for the East to nurse our glorious heroes in the Soudan.' ' Violet Carlin is going to be mar ried to Captain King, of the Artil lery,' said Aunt Jane quietly. ' Mrs. Laurie told me to-day. I 'forgot to tell you.' ' What, Felix King ? I know him. He'll break her heart before six months are over their heads. 1 thought Violet had more sense. Well; I must go, or it will be dark before I get back.' ' Now, my dear,' said Aunt Jane, 'Jet me entreat you not to make yourself late. It is not safe to be out after dusk. Your Aunt Laviuia says ? ' ' That villains are lurking at every street corner,' said Nina saucily, 'for the express purpose of waylaying un protected females in general and Nina Ferrers in particular. As if a woman of my age could not take care of her self ! No lady is ever insulted now a-days, so long as she behaves and looks like a lady. Times are changed, darling, since you aud Aunt Lavinia were young,' she concluded, with an impulsive hug. 'Is there anything I can do for you ?' she added. *' No, unless you should be in the Strand, and have time to call for your Aunt Lavinia's watch.' Nina's shoppiug occupied more time thau she had calculated upon, and when she left the Jeweller's shop men tioned by Aunt Jane — where she had had to wait some little time — it was almost dark, and the lamps were already lighted. ?-,.,^ ^ ' How provoking !' she thought. ' I wanted to see that engraviug the Bomer'8 were talking of. I might run along yet. I will ; and I cau take a hansom from there.' No sooner decided than acted upon, and in a few minutes she reached the printdeller's ever-attractive windows. Tbe engraving she sought was not in the windows looking to the Strand ; so she turned down Savoy Street) where she became so absorbed, first by the picture she had come to see, and then by several others, that ' Big Ben's ' deep anouncement that it was six o'clock caused her some dismay. As the lost stroke boomed through che air, a hansom drove up to the eurb behind her with a noisy rattle, the doors were flung back violently, even for the doors of a hansom, and the next moment Nina felt a grasp on her arm, and heard a man's voice say in shaking tones : — ' Oh, my darling— at last! ' With a terrified exclamation she turned quickly, and found herself gazing into the agitated face of a tall, aristocratic- looking man, a total stran ger to her. Fora moment she stood actually motionless with fright, then wrenched her arm away and darted down the street. Tim was foolish, for it was now quite dark, and Savoy Street is not a busy thoroughfare. He over took her in a second, and again his haud grasped her arm. ' What do you mean, sir? ' she ex claimed haughtily, ' Let me so ? instantly !' e ' Let you go !' he replied in rapid, passionate tones. 'Never again ? never again.' Then more quietly, 'Adela, be reasonable. My wife' come home ; and I will forgive every thing — forget everything !' '* You are most insolent, sir, ' she returned indignantly. ' Let me goat once, or 1 shall call a policeman. (Why, oh why, she thought, had she disregarded Aunt Jane's injunctions?) She made a quick rapid movement, but her eaptoi foresaw it. and IipM her fast. ' No, by heaven, ' he said in a fierce undertone,' you shall not see me again.' And so saying, before she could even guess what he waa about to do, he had hurried her to wards the waiting hanson, lifted her in, and giving some quick, sharp di rection to the driver, took his seat be side her, aud closed the doors smartly 'Police! help! police!' she al most screamed, recovering from her momentary stupefaction, as the horse moved forward. 'Police!' she shriek ed again, with a wild gasp of hope, as one of the protectors of the ' lieges ' sauntered up the street. He stopped and turned. 'Ah, let me out!' she cried ex citedly. 'Quick! help! help!' One or two passers-by turned, glanced at the group carelessly, then went on their way. The policeman, who with a gesture had stopped the cab. nan, advanced hastily. 4; What is this, sir?' he said in quick authoritative tones, layin^ his hand on the door. ° ''This lady is my wife,' said Nina's companion haughtily. 'You will oblige me by telling the man to drive on. 'It is not true,' shrieked Nina ? 'I never saw him before. Let me out ; let me out !' lou see? She has been ill' went on the stranger rapidly. 'I see, sir,' said the ageut of the law, with a sudden access of civility, looking curiously at the struggling girl, and at the same time letting hia fingers close on a couple of gold coins 'All right, cabby.' The horse started forward, and Nina was borne swiftly away through the darkness. She screamed aud struggled, and strove to push open the doors, even to climb over them * but her companion put his arm round' her with an air ot proprietorship in- ' expressibly gentle, but inexpressibly determined too, and said almost sternly, ' All this is useless, Adela. lou are only paining both yourself and me by this pretense of not know ing me— your own husband.' {To be continued.) 