Destruction of Rabbits. I [IVie Echo.'] If rabbits aro not to become as.oxlinpt as dodos or inoas as far as Australia is concerned, it will not bo through tho fault of legislators or scien- , tists, neither through that of divers ingenious I persons who are daily hurling manuscripts at the heads of the Babbit Board at presont sittiog in Sydney.. The. -number -of elaborate, essays sotting forth the best plans for exterminating tho rodeut cannot .bo at present estimatod ; but the^weigbt of the paper on which it is written amounts to something near a couple of stono. The board purpose deputiog oho or moro of thoir .number . to .carefully, peruse these interesting documents at an early .date, and to report on the nature of the schemes ^ suggested by divers interested persons who. have dovised them for the publio good and tho' bonus of £23,000 plea santly combined. Just now tho ' corpses of rabbits whioh have died from cutaneous or intestinal disorders are undergoing very careful examination through tho medium of almost every scientific instrument tho name of which ends with V scope.' FarasUcs of all kinds are having rather. a happy time of it, instead of giving up the ghost owing to their having des troyed their grazing grounds, external and inter nal, as far as rabbits are concerned they are to be carefully romoved to other pasturage, insido of outsido cattle; shoep^hogs, and other domes tic creaturos, partly to find out how they thrive under a change of diet and partly to discover how tho animals who .provide it get on with their ^new acquaintances. It is clearly all over with the rabbits if the parasites got at them, and no one has much sympathy with the rabbits; I but no ono would have an uncommon amouut I with all' other forms of 'animated nature/ hot i aotually'vorminj if thoy got off as bad as tho rabbits ard'expected to do. A peculiar feature', howevor, about, tho plans I iuyeutod by all those ingenious extirpators of I rabbits is that they. moro. or. less suggest tho innoculation of disease, and though tho lattor are prepared to take any. number of affidavits if necessary that.it cannot bo contractod by any other animal than a rabbit, the commission vory properly dcclino taking theso asservations for moro than they; aro worth. It is, howevor, satisfactory to fiad that they do specify to some extent in a general way what 'the nature of the I disease is'; and this givos sciontifib persons a I chance of testing its merits as an oxtorminator. i The difficulty, howevor, is to spread it suffici ently. 'First catch your hare,' says Mrs. Glass; and ' first catoh your rabbit,' says the extorminators; and not one rabbit; but some thousands of them. So thinks ono gontloman, wbo Bays be is a chemist, .and ;he : sends tho fol lowing unique mothod of doing so, which is given verbatim et literatim, as tho wholo force of hi* romarks would' bo*'injut6d*if ho'Wdro~not' allowod to speak iu professional vernacular This is what ho says ' My plan is to appoint certain places where the rabbits - will : como and where thoy cau be skinned without the slightest danger to tho mon's health; or hands oven with cuts. After skinning tho rabbits can bo thrown intoatronch and 'be covered with soil, by this means tho air will be free from taint. Wo will suppose at the place appointod- for tho rabbits to die, there will be 2,300,000 the skins at 3d each. I do not think that an ovqr-cstimatb of value the amouut would bo £32,250. Now we shall look at tho trench where tho rabbits are buriod and see what value is thero. ? ;Wo havo a com post heap of animal matter and vegotable earth. Take the rabbitts at seven pounds each, will give 17, 500, 000 pounds, add equal amount of oarth, which will givo us 35,000,000 pouuds of ferti lizer, valued at £1 per ton, which is a moderate valuation, that will amount to £17,500. Hero we have from one station rabbitskins £31,600, fertilizer £17,500, total £48,750. Tho cost of erooting auo station will bo £4, arid that of ap pliances £4. Tho appliances will only bo ro quirod for threo months and may bo'sold at littlo less than cost, and in cases where water may be had conveniently will not be required at all. Ouly one man will be required to work three stations.' j Now a^man who will undertake to givo a dear profit to the'eountry of '£13,500 after paymeut of .the reward to bioiself, -at an outlay of only £8, is not to bopiokocU up,,overyday. i-This chemist can do it, ho say s^ if 'he can only get the rabbits to certain places appointed, by the. Government, and published we presume by. ad vertisement 'in tho Government Gazette, and at least one loca 1 paper,' according to usage; so that the rabbits may know where to come. When thoy do arrive it will be all ovor with the plaguo at puce. . The secret hp doe3 not impart as to how ho is' to muster the rubbita to tho number, he says of two aud a-half. millions for the purpose of slaughter, nor does it seem likely that the advertising plan would suit, since if the rabbits were capablo'of reading the invita tion akin to that , of the old wornau, in the nursery tale to her ducks, 'Dilly. DiUy ! Come and bo killed,' ' it is probable that thoy would also have . the sense to stop away. However, perhaps this is carrying tho schomo to an absur- i dity by misrepresentation. Wo unfortunately arouot.ura position to give the uamo of thb author - o! this romarkablo - soheme, neither . to say moro than that' it was handed 'to us by a gontloman who knows that it came before 'the commission; but thuro is one significant fact to glean from tho manuscript;.; and: that is that it .bears dato Apnl 19th. Thomoou'changbd'ou jthat 