To Correspondents. Nerajjg.—Thanks. Wish you'd put a little more gall in your ink—not in your matter, though, please; caligraphy so p≤ I had to get magnifying lenses to decipher it. The ink wants a tonic. A Contractor (Dalby) .—Hardly a necessary question to ask a newspaper, vrtiea any schoolboy of 12 years old could answer it—27$ cubic yards. Death to Quacks.—I have neither time nor authority to examine as to the individual's certificates or diplomas. You hint that he is unregistered. "Well, if you find him "practising," lay an information against him yourself, and take the risks as well as the glories of exposure. You say that you have called the Registrar's atten tion to him and tha the Registrar doesn't seem to mind* Why should, then, If You say that you have communicated with the Medical Board, and that they don't act on it. If they can't see their way ■ to act, how can IP For there is no more jealous body in ■ existence anywhere than the Medical Board. I don't see what more you can do, except to try the Pharmacy Board, which you seem to have forgotten. Or, if you'cau catch him selling poisons prohibited under the Act, then prosecute him yourself, ana take, as I said before, the risk as well as the tflory of the exposure. Handy ANrr.—Let dowu on the girl and " aaone" witn it, there's a good fellow. Thanks for other mems. J. Reynabd.—Thanks, but " there's nothing in it," The farce has been played out to Sam's bitter mortification, though it is sought to conceal the consequent chagrin. Hodgkinson hasn t a ghost of a show at Croydon—and he knows it. Fbeethinkeb.—It ia neither high-class jingle, nor too bad stuff, but why drawl it out so lengthily? I've altered it to more reasonable limits and more understandably con nected matter. CtrNNAMtJiiiiA. Valentine,—You haven't favored me with your name, for my private information. I handed your letter, therefore, to Johnny, who edited it and published it on the tail of his kite. It reads well at a great height. May you never get so elevated as your correspondence does when Johnny takeB an airing. It may some day bo republished as a curl-paper. That would give it another sort of (pair ing. CooKtowiriTB.—Don't know to what paragraph you refer, and even if I -did I should not be idiot enough to advertise the paper in Figaro. Besides, your expostulation should have open sent to that paper itself. No offence meant. Will always be glad of items. Nemo, Geneeai, Observer.— You've hidden the wit too deeply under the "high pressure" system. No reader would fathom it; it doesn't peep out enough. Besides, didn't you know that Figaro was Sam's own pet paper— the official organ, in fact, of the Griffithifce party. It's ultra-Griffith to the roots of its innermost nerves. Read but a page of it and you, as " General Oberver," can't fail to see how red-hot a Griffithite I am, Sam, in facfc—but whisper—subsidises me to praise him up and lickspittle him. He's got ashamed of the Brisbane Telegraph. 