THE DUCHESS. Br the author op " Phyllis," " Molly Bawn," " Mrs. Geoffrey," " Lady Bbanksmeee," kc. The Right of Translation is Reserved. '.CHAPTER XXIII. . But now the baud of fate is oo the curtain, Anil firm tH snwio In In the morning that tiresome headache is worse than ever. So rah manages to get down to breakfast, but only to play with her toast, and to refme with a glance o£ distaste anjtbiug Oiierea ncr. ".How ill yon look, .darling," says Madam, soric hours later, meeUngther in one of the anterooms, equipped for walking. " Like a little pretty ghost. I a in to distressed about it ; and your father coming to- morrow, too ! It is dreauftil. He will say. I have not takcu any care of youu" "Who could have taken more?" says the Duchess sweetly, slipping an arm round her neck. "You have made mo fed always that you love me." "Have I?" very 'pleased. "That is as it should be, tbca, and only the barest truth. Every | mother should ilore herp own little daughter." She smiles and kisses the girl with a lingering foudness, and smoothes back the soft ruffied locks from ber liot brow. " You are quite feverish, darling. Do you know 1 ara giowiug really uneasy about you." " It is this headache." "But what a persistent one. Will you sec Doctor Morgan ?" "No, no, indeed," laughing. "What non sense, Auntie. I'll tell you, though, what I think of doing. Of going out, and staying out for quite ever so loug. Make au excuse for me at luncheon, and don't expect me again uutil you see me. I feel as if a good dose of the stroug wild wind outside is the one thimr that can blow these edbweba out of my brain." " Then go, by all means, dearest. Try your own medicine first, initio afterward.," says Madam. "But, before you go — n biscuit aud a glass of Madeira. Come now, I insist, and for reward, I'll tell any pretty fib you like about you at luncheon." The dull and cheerless sun, that all dav long has been making so poor a preteuce at jollity, has at last sunk fcenind the hills. Already daylight wanes, and tho heavy gusts of wind that, rushing through the fir tops, stirred the wide air siuce early dawn, have now gained iu strength, and are roaring sullenly with a gubdued force, that speaks of a violent out burst later on. One or two heavy drops of rain fall with a quick, soft sound at Norah's feet. They rouse her from the reverie in which alio bas almost lost herself : rouse her, too, to a knowlodge of the fact that day is nearly dead, and that the air is full of signs of the coming storm. So busy have been 'her thoughts during her long, ajvift ramble through the woods and over the hills, aud thence into unknown woods again, that to her it seems as though it is but a little while since she walked from the broad, stone steps thatgiead tojtho entrance door at Castle Yentry ; and yet, iu reality, how long She pauses to look round ber to notice for the first time bow swiftly the darkness is begin ning to fall ; to see, too, with a vague yet sharp touch of fear, that the place wherein she .now stauds is strange, unknown to her. Whither have her restless feet carried her ; nil the land marks by which she bad been used to guido herself are now behind her, lo3t to her, unless she cau retrace her step to some spot familiar. A huge, black cloud has gathered overhead, -and is covering all the heavens. A little fine, white mist begins to "fall, a shadowy sort of shower, that presently declares itself more openly aud becomes an honest downpour. Larger and larger grow the drops, darker and darker the atmosphere; and now that first mild sense of fear gathers in force and becomes un comfortably definite. Turning, she begins to walk briskly in the way she believes she has come, but which iu reality is only taking her the more decidedly from Yentry. "When she has walked in this direction about twenty minutes she pauses and looks around her, only to find herself hopelessly astray. Blacker grows the leaden sky above, as seen in irregular patches through the arching branches over her head. Slowly, steadily rises tbo storm j already the wind begins to rush past ber with a fierceness that makes her limbs tremble. Standing still, with her arm round a sapling oak for support, aud feeling a very natural thrill uf terror as she acknowledges to herself that she scarcely knows where to turn, she happens to lift tier head, and there on her right 6he sees an old broken-down cottage or ! hut rather — close to a tall fir-tree, that appears to bend over it as if offering protection. It will give shelter at least. Ruining to wards it, she steps quickly, thankfully into the miserable one bare room of which it cau boast. Dead leaves blown iu by inauy winds strew the earthen floor. A wide open chimney holds on its hearth the grey ashes of dead fires old and gone. The Duchess, with a sense of rather uncanny loneliness, looks with ungrateful backward glances at this spot that alone bas held out to her the arms of pity. How loug has it stood here a prey to ghosts ? Not so long, appa rently. In oue corner stands a pile of rotten fir logs aud near it a bundle of twigs, or " kip- pens," as the peasants call them, that suggest a desire on the part oi the late tenants to light one more fire before they 6hould leave this dilapidated home for ever. Through two large holes In the thatched roof the rain is falling with a quick, steady drip, and Norah, avoiding it as best she may, leans dis consolate against the open doorway and gazes with many misgivings "on the dismal scene without. It must be now about 6 o'clock, ac cording to her calculation— in reality it is con siderably later— and they will all be now in the library, some gathered rouud the welcome tea- tray, others lounging in pretty tcagowns in the softest chairs to be found. Denis, too, will have corac in long ago from thinking of her and wondering where she is. A little uneasy, too, it may be. She can almost ! see his handsome, rather melancholy face of late, with the eyes turning so constantly to the door. Well, well; why think of it? He may wonder and watch and long for her coming : but of what avail will it all be. There is no end to it but one. She will not dwell upon it. Let her rather turn her thoughts to the fact that she is imprisoned hero until the storm shall cease, aud that even after that she will not know what direction to take to reach Yeutry. How dark it grows, blacker and blacker frown the heavens. The dimmest twilight is all that is left of the day just ,done. What will they think of her at the castle? With what a contemptuous sneer Katherine will hint at the barbarous bad taste of those who can plunge so unreasonably a whole household into a state of apprehens'ion for the sake of their own idle whims ! And besides- Great Heaven ! what is that? Only the report of a gun. But coming through the gathering darkness of the descen ding night, it strikes with a cold terror a't her heart. And then all at once, she scarcely knows why, that past scene upon the gravel sweep stands out before her mental gaze once more. Once again- the dog's vqlp of agony sounda ou the air : once . again Malouey is felled to the ground ; she sees him rise, and marks again the deadly threat of vengeance in his eyes. A fear, born of nothing, as true fears some times are, become stroug within her. Her heart beats fast, her hands grow cold, her cheek pales. How if that murderous, though silent threat, has been even now fulfilled I if even now be, her soul's beloved, lies powerless, dead, with tho heavy cruel pattering rain falling, falling always on the dull insensate body. It is but a little thing after this to picture the white ghastly upturned face, with tho dead staring eyes, the parted lips showing the gleam ing teeth just a little. Oh, Heaven! Oh, no I Oh 1 no. no, no ! She shndders violently, and flings out her bands as though to ward oil the awful sight; and as she thus stands trembling all over, agai u that sharp sound rings through tbo darkness. She clutches the doorway, aud with dilated eyes stares outwards, straining sight aud hearing. Again ! — close at Shuud it now sounds— rings out the sharp crack of a revolver,, and fol lowing ou it, the bang of a breech- loader. To her unpractised car both sounds are alike, but for till that, instinct is alert within her, and holds up a warning baud, aud not.'4 for one moment is she deluded by the reasonable solu tion of the proulem that Denis on his home ward way has juat kuockcd over a brace of cock. .... Conquering a sickening sensation that comes very uear to fainting, she rushes impetuously out of tho house, and through the blinding rain makes her way to tbc spot from whence the sounds have come. To her surprise, a very short run brings her to a rise in tbo ground that betrays to her the fact of a road, that lies just below where she is standing. A high bank, , topped by furze bushes, hides that part of the wood whore she now stands from the public way, though a dilapidated gateway lower down permits her to see where the read runs. _ As she draws nearer to it she becomes conscious that broken sounds are beginning to fall upon her car; pantiug breaths, muttered curses, the swaying movements of feet. In this moment she knows, as'well ao though she can already see him, that Denis is on the road, close to that broken gateway, and that he is fighting fiercely for dear life. . Ail at once her faintness leaves her, A cold chill rushes through her, hardening every nerve. Springing to the top of the high bank, she looks through the furze bushes, down on to tbo road beneath, and sees— (to li b continued.) 