A CORNISH GHOST STORY. [BY THE REV. MAEK GUY PEABSE ] " Tou Cornishmen think a great deal of yoar country," said my old friend, Mr. Smith, as we talked of many circuits and many matters. "Little wonder that we dp—where is there one to touch it ?" was my modest reply. " Well, for some things I confess you do carry the palm—for hills, for pasties, for pilchards, and last, but not least, for ghosts." Then the company around the supper table pricked up their ears. Old Mr. Smith, the supernumerary minister, was a treasure of odd tales and strange memories, and wonderful experiences in the early days of Methodism. " Ghosts 1" cried everybody. " Oh, how charming!" said a young lady, turning very pale. "Do tell us about them, dear Mr. Smith"—and a chorus of plaintive voices echoed and emphasised do. » Pooh ! Pack o' stuff and nonsense," observed our host. " But, sir, there is much to be said in support of the fact of such supernatural apparitions. Philosophy should not scorn, sir, but calmly investigate," replied our sententious superintendent. " Humbug," said the host's son, trying to imitate the gruff voice of his father, and looking up for his approval. " Well, I'm old- fashioned enough to believe in them," said a little old lady, nodding her head, " and in witches, too; and I've lived long enough to see quite as much most folks." " Well, I saw one once," Mr. Smith remarked gravely, " and I never wish to see another." The company settled down at once, all eager to hear it. Mr. Smith pulled up his shirt collar, stroked the short fringe of white whisker tenderly, took hold of his chin with his forefinger and thumb, set it on the edge of the many-folded kerchief, and then began very much as if he were preaching a sermon :— It was in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, in the fall of the year, I was travelling in Bramblecombe circuit, and was there as the junior preacher, and as it is flippantly termed to-day, the young man. I had been preaching one evening at a little village chapel, and started to walk home the ten dreary miles that lay between me and the circuit town in which I resided. It was very dark, and raining heavily. My way lay over Worsedon Moor, one of the loneliest, bleakest, and most desolate places under the sun—that is if the sun ever does shine on Worsedon Moor. It was always mist, or rain, or pitchy dark when I passed it. "That lovely Cornish climate!" said my host, slily winking at me. I had gone on for two or three miles, when I began to be in doubt as to my road. I had surely gone wrong. Yet there was no house anywhere near. I must keep on in the hope of getting to a cottage somewhere. By this time I was wet through and shivering with cold. And there was the horrible poesibility of my wandering about all night, unless indeed I should perish of cold before morning, which seemed not unlikely. However, I pushed on, splashing through puddles and plunging step after step into inches of mud, when suddenly £ saw a light. It was shining from a cottage window. I thanked heaven devoutly and hastened onward. Here I should get direction—perhaps shelter for the night. I knocked at the door, and immediately I heard someone moving within. The shadows of the window swept round as the candle was moved, and then, holding up the flickering light and looking out into the darkness, an old woman asked, " Who ez it?" " If you please, ma'am," said I, " will you kindly let me come in for a few minutes. I have lost my way, and began to fear that I should be wandering about here all night." The old woman held up the light so as to let it fall on my face, and looked at me out over her heavy spectacles. " Why, blesB me—'tis—no, it can't be nayther— but there, 'tis too, I do belave. Why, you'ui the new praicher, baint'ee, my dear ? Why, I'm wan o' your people, ye knaw. Come in, do'ee come in. What be'ee doin' out 'ere 'en, this time o' night I An' like a drownded rat, too ! Gome in, come in, do'ee. Fm fine an' glad for to see'ee, though there—iss fy, you be so wet as a shag, you be." In a moment or two more I was seated in the great fireplace, while a single puff of the bellows sent the blaze of the furze leaping and roaring up the chimney as if it bid me a hundred thousand welcome. Then, to cure any mischief within, tbere came very quickly a smoking bowl of broth, and soon I was all aglow with warmth. I could not but think of the contrast—inside the cottage all was snug and warm and comfortable ; and outside I could hear the rain beating on the window, and the furious gusts roared and thundered and howled as if angry that I had escaped. I knew that the good people with whom I lived would readily suppose that I had sought shelter for the night, and not trouble about my absence. So I congratulated myself that I could at least lie down on the hearth and get warmth and rest, if not sleep. " Weil, it is very fortunate that I should find myself in such comfortable quarters," and I set down the basin on the long kitchen table. " It is very different from what I had anticipated." " Aw, my dear life, why I be fine an' glad you corned—iss fy. Why I wouldna ha' had ee' tranezin' about 'pon the downs this 'ere night, not for nawthing. There, to think of it too, and pixies up to all sort o' mischief, a-leadin' anybody out o' the way, and a-drawin' 'am off to Deadman's Bog! An' weth a special spite agin parsons, too, as I've heerd folks say." Of course in my own mind I ridiculed the idea of pixies and all their tribe, but as there was nothing to be gained by opposing her harmless belief, I turned the topic of conversation. " Well, it certainly is very providential that I should find myself in such comfortable quarters, and with one of our own people too." " A member goin' on for this 55 year, sir, and ha'nt missed a quarterly ticket all that time. They're in that basin up 'pon top o' that dresser—iss; an' I kept the poor dear man's 'long with 'em, sir, till he died—'tes 17 years agone come nextMihelmas." " And what became of them then 1" I asked. " Why, they are buried 'long with un, o' course, sir. Not that there's any virtue like in it, sir; but he didn't like for to think o' their bein' all left lyin' about, and burnt perhaps, so I pasted 'em 'pon a sheet of newspaper, and they was buried long weth en over to Penruddock Church town. I believe he wouldn' ha' rested so comfort able in his grave if I hadn't a-done it." " Well," I said abruptly, coming to the point which I had been trying to reach for some time, " can you give me a bod ?" The old lady looked up from the long black worsted stocking which she was knitting, and laid it solemnly on her lap. She looked cautiously round over her shoulder aB if some one were standing in the deep staircase that led to the sleeping apartments. Then in a tone partly of awe and partly of confidence, she whispered hoarsely, " A be(l! aw, my dear, woan't'ee know about it, then ? Have'n 'ee heerd tell of ut ? Why, 'tea knowed all over the country, I do reckon—that Betsy Pengelley's house ez a-haunted. An' weth a special spite agin parsons too, as I've heerd folks say." " Nonsense—nonsense, my good woman," I said in my bravest and cheeriest tone. " We must not believe all the silly stories we hear. Come now, have you a spare bed in the house ?" " Aw, no, my dear minister, 'tes no good for you to taulk—not a ha'porth of good. Spare bed 1 iss; and that's the very bed, and that theere's the very room where they walk to. No, I wudn' put'ee en there, not for nawthing. Why, there would'n be a hinch of 'ee left in the morning—not enough for a crowner's inquest to sit 'pon I" I certainly did wish that I was home; but I was not nervous—not in the least. Still I felt— " Creepy like," put in our host. No, not that; but an undefined sort of a wish that I had not reached that particular house. But I did not show it in the least. " What is the nature of the apparition ?" I asked, in the same unconcerned tone. " I don't know what the nature of'em es, sir; but they be uncommon ghastly trade —what I do call, sir, uncommon ghastly." Argument evidently would avail nothing, so I rose for action. " Come now, my good woman, show me thia room." Again she looked with frightened eyes at the staircase, and taking the needle from which she had worked off the stitches she pointed it at me by way of emphasis, and went on in her hoarse whisper— " 'Tis 17 year ago since the poor dear man died. Well, my little grandaughter comed down and slep in that theere room, an' she heerd them theere hawfiil sounds an' seed them theere hawful sights as frightened the little maid into fits, an' she had 'em dreadful tell she growed up to a woman. Aw, no, my dear, no chull, you sha'nt go en theere fall." And plunging the needle into ihe stocking she hurried away at it again, nodding her head and muttering to herself, " No, not for worlds, he shan't. An' weth a special spite agen parsons, as I've heerd folks say." The only chance of success lay in my quiet determination. " Come, now, you have quite roused my curiosity. At least let me look at this wonderful room," and I took up the candle. Still muttering that I should only look in, she led me up the creaking stairs. The big lock and bars that fastened it were flung back, then pushing her forefinger through a sound hole in the door she lifted the latch, and there we stood in the haunted chamber. It looked innocent enough. A large heavy curtained bed seemed to fill it, but as we moved on with the dim light I found that the apartment was long, and that directly opposite the foot of the bed there was a large fireplace, and above it a tall mantlepiece with grotesque carving, and crowned by large hideous china " ornaments," as they used to be called with cruel satire. The stick and the furze were ready for lighting, so, stooping down with the candle, I said, " You won't mind my lighting it, will you ?" and before an answer came the flames were crackling, and showders danced mysteriously over the bed and on the walls. " Now I have only one favor more," I said. " Will you air the sheets for a little while here before the fire 1 I dare say I can set them right when I come up again." And, thinking that I had carried my point, I made for the door. Snatching at the candle the old woman followed me hastily, and gasped—"Aw, you gived me such a turn, sir, lcavin' me theere all alone—I do always have a neighbour woman en, sir, for to make un up!" "Oh, if that's it I'll help you," I said, hastening back and working energetically, thankful to have matters made right so far. Then as we sat by the fire below, a chapter from the Testament, a happy talk about it, and a few words of prayer, closed the evening there, and I rose to retire. " Aw, I wish you wudden—I do, sure nough. You'll see somethin' dreadful, I do know you will, for sure un' certain." " Good-night," I said cheerily, shaking hands with the old woman. " I shall soon be asleep, and must hope for pleasant dreams." As I came up the creaking stairs I heard her muttering—" An weth a special spite gen parsons, too, as I've heerd folks say." The candle was out, and I was in bed. I did not like it much, I confess. The flickering flames sent dancing shadows all over the room. The floor creaked in a most unaccountable manner. The place smelt all strange and ghostly like, and I wished with all my heart I was at home. But I was very wearied, and soon in spite of all my misgivings, I was asleep. How long I slept I can't tell; certainly not long, when I was awoke by a most hideous and unearthy screech. I looked up, and found that the fire was still burning with a dull red glare, so that I could faintly see from between the curtains. There certainly was something ! Something white, too! It moved noiselessly towards the fireplace, so that I could look down over the foot of the bed and distinctly trace the white outline. I really was frightened—horribly frightened. The noise I had heard in my sleep, and now this frightful presence standing there with uplifted bands, as if muttering spells and weaving charms there before the fire ! The cold perspiration dropped from my forehead. My jaw fell, and I was paralysed with fright. My terror became au agony, ss the figure turned from the fire and noiselessly glided to the foot of the bed. Then the clothes were lifted and I was conscious that a cold clammy skeleton-hand moved over the bed. Presently it touched my foot. " Oh," I screamed. Then came a voice. " Wake, be 'ee then' my dear minister! Why, I thought your feet might be cowld, so I brought in a petticoat for to wrap 'em up in, an' keep 'em warm. I was afeard the creakin' ould hinge would disturb 'ee too. I'll grease 'un If I'm spared till to morrow. Goodnight to 'ee, sir; I hope you won't see nawthing." As she dissappeared I heard her muttering to herself, " An' weth a special spite agen parsons too, as I've heard folks say." There—that was the only ghost I ever saw j bnt I never want to see another. 