NOTES. Whakawni has been scratched for the . aulfield Culip. Tho racehorse Silver King, the proporty of Mr. Forrestor, is dead. In our advertising columns will be found a capital prograunmme issued by the Newcastle Jockey Club for a meeting to be hold on Saturday, November 17th, and Monday, November 10th. The two principal events are the November Handicap of £100, and tihe Spring Handicap of a similar sum. These two races, along with oight minor events, comprise the bill of fare for the two days, and well deserve the attention of horse owners. "Jim the Penman" has a £500 book open on the Melbourne Cup to win, and 1, 2, 3; also on Caulfield Cup. Double book on Derby and Cup, and on all the principal Sheflield Handicaps, Victoria Theatre Hotel. 2403 "Tattersall," of consultation fame, deserves 'tire patronage of that large class, who, though not heavy backers of horses, like to have their "bit of gilt" on most of our big races. He has been some years before the public, and everyone seems quite satisfied that they will have an honest chance for their pound when invested siith him. Advancing with the spirit of the times, "Tattersall" advertises a monster consultation on the Melbourneo Cup of £50,000, 50,000 shares at £1 each, of which the fortunate drawer of the winning horse will receive £25,000, the second horse £5000, and third horse £2000. Starters will divide £8000, and non-starters £10,000. The consultation is filling rapidly, and intending rpeculators had better send at once for their tickets. In addition to the above, "Tattersall" has his usual ;£10,000 and £2000 couesultaions on the same race. Full particulars will be found in our adver. tising columns. T he committee of the Eight-Hour Demon stration half added a half-mile handicap to their programme. Tie first prize is a trophy valued at £7 7s, presented by Mr. J. O. Ellis, M.L A. reds are also reminded that entrances for the above, also the youths' race and quoit handicap, will close with the secretary and members of the committee on Friday next, October 12, at 7 p:nm. In the programme of a recent English race meeting a nbaker lind an advertisement which said that ' bicyclists using this brown broad for a month are guuranteed to do inside 2.35. Fully equal to 75yds in a mile." It is said that after the present year the famous cycle track at thie Aston Lower Grounds, B3irminnhluam, will be closed, and that tih ground will be built upon. Well do we rememb.r tlhis splendid track somne six years ago-in the palmy days of H. L. Cor tie. On this track many of the Speedwell B.C. flyers- canme out, C. W. Bennett, late champion of :New South Vales, being ai member of that well-known club. Now that the little business with Hughes is finished, Searle and IMatterson return to their quarters at Gladesville, to continue training for the chanmpionship race. An Australian chestnut gelding, nanmed tho Ghost, won the Aseot Stakes at the Calcutta races in August. LHe did not come in first, that position being occupied by another Aus tralial horse, nmined Cupola, who was dis. qualificd for crossing. An Australian pony named Far N'orth (late Tom) won the Lilli putiaun Stakes, beating several Indian-bred ponies. The Goodwood Cup fell to another Australian-lThe Oift; and, for a wind-up, thei jiulpingeompetition for ponies was car. rioed off by an Autialian named Little Dan, who beat twelve others, mostly Indian-bred and Arabs. W. E. LILLY, tobacconist, near the Cen. tennial Hotel, has books open as under: Meolbourne Cup, £50 book (straight out): Caulfield and Melbourne Cup, double book, r0O to Is. We would draw the attention of amateurs ibl this district to the programme of the 1, A. A. Club, which is published in our advertising columuns. It will be seen that the items are varied, both long and short distances; and a hiurdle race being in oluded. A geood numl ir of Sydney amateurs have already decided upon competing, and, altogether, a most successful meeting is expected. We would impress on our local runners the necessity of getting into form, as it is the ii.teintion of the Sydney men to secure as many trophies as at last meeting. Tho club ihas arreaned with the cricket club whereby all members nmay train on the ground for a fortnight before the meeting; andl it is fully expected that intending competitors will avail themuselves of the opportunity this a.arangement affords them. 