DIOCESE OF SALE. PASTORAL LETTER Of James Feancis, by Divine Grace and favour of the Holy Apostolic See, Bishop of Sale. To the Clergy and Faithful (f the Diocese. ' " He set his eye npon their hearts Jj^jw them the greatneBB of his — EoolesiasticuB 17. 7. Deaeit Beloved in Jesus Chbist,— The children of the Church, alarmedand oppressed at the spread df infidelitv sir, and wickedness of the worldly.mf^ turn their eyes to our Divine W wiU* sentiments of' profound humility vS loving confidence, imploring merer 3 pardon, Thisc^ofdistresshasSlS expression m pilgrimages and devotion M to the Sacred Heart of Jesus. The heart is frequently taken for whole man "Thou shalt love the Lordihl (rodjoitk thy whole heart."—Matt, xiif " A good man out of the good treasure of his heart bnngeth forth that which u good, and an evil man, out of the eoil treasure of his Iwart, bringethforth that which is evil, for out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaheth."—Luke vt 45\. The heart is the principal seat of the affections of love. " Was not our heart burning within us, whilst he spoke in the way, and opened to us the scrip, tures.—Luke, xxiv. 32. It is a reproach to have a cold heart; on the contrary how beautiful the expression, " my heart warmed to him." The Heart of qui Lord Jesus Christ is a human heart, abounding in all human affections. It ig also a Divine Heart, by its hypostatic union with the Deitv, hence it loves in an infinite degree. Its love for man in. finitely surpasses all the 'love of angels and of men, were it all concentrated together. How anxiously did angels keep watch over those red drops, of precious blood wherever;,they lay, anting the three days when His mangled body, was in the tomb. He had shed it everywhere for us like a deluge, and every-: where during that fearful night and day His steps might have been tracked by blood. It began to roll from His pallid brow in crimson beads, till His garments were stained, and the green grass beneath the olive trees was bedewed with the precious drops. The scourge drank deep into it, and the long, sharp points of His thorny crown were clotted over with its dark red stains. It lay upon the broad highway, aad beneath, and on the cross itself. But wherever it was found, ttare were angels adoring, because they saw His divine person still united to it, and they knew well that on the third day it; would be restored to the Sacred Heart whence it came. The Heart of Jesus mourned in an infinite degree, that man, whom He redeemed with so much suffering, should not make a return of love, but should, on the contrary, persist in a rebellion against Him, thereby causing his own eternal ruin. To manifest the sorrow of His Sacred Heart, our Blessed Lord showed in a vision to His venerable servant the blessed Margaret Mary, as she prayed' before the Most Adorable Sacrament^ His heart snrrounded with thorns, and surmounted with a cross, and placed upon a throne of fire, and then said to her:—" See this Heart which has loved men so much that it has spared nothing, even to exhausting and consuming itself, in order to testify to them its love; and in return I receive from the greatest part only ingratitude by reason of the contempt, irreverence, sacrilege and coldness which they show Me in the' Sacrament of Love, but what I feel still more is that there are hearts consecrated to Me, who use Me thus." The children of the Church in our day do not love enough, and their zeal is far less ardent than that of their forefathers in the faith; they are. weak and faint-hearted, and the world, around them, much through their fault, gropes in darkness and sin. Iat, us awake to the inspirations of love, unite closely our hearts with the Heart of Jesus, lead lives conformable to His, and the wonders of the best ages of faith will be reproduced. We will be ourselves saved, and the world will be saved with us; it will once more be Christian. By devotion to the Sacred Heart we place ourselves near the source of all Divine Grace. From the Sacred Heart of Jesus proceed all the gifts and lights of the Holy Ghost. "In Him are hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge." Where, more securely than in the Sacred Heart, can the Church to-day take refuge, when enemies so many and so . powerful assail herP From that Heart she first received her life; she u the spouse of Jesus, the chosen one or His love. In that Heart must she ever confide for the renewal of her youth win her triumph over every obstacle. _ Js<*. on man, nor on the powers or principalities of earth should she rely; they «e always only feeble supports, and often fail her altogether. But her Founder, who is Strength itself, will never her. We dive in different times; we are in need of much assistance from heaven that we may save our own souls, and that we may contribute to save the souls ol others. If we so often, fail in Ojir efforts, is it not because we folrget w, true source of light' and Stiengthi trast too much in natural' gifts ! an» human resources P There is but One' who can - rive us • victory. Let us draw closer to Bimj in His very Heart let ui „l«ce ourselves, and we shall become •Swnc with His strength. You can tZeire, beloved brethren, how wisely, nnieT the guidance of the Holy Spirit, church is acting m encouraging Tone the Faithful the devotion to the fibred Heart. Should not you, too, Ske part in this grand manifestation of iriety with your fellow-Catholics of other countries P We earnestly exhort you to do so, and, as an earnest of our heartfelt desire, we have resolved to have the whole Diocese consecrated solemnly to the Sacred Heart of Jesus. We wish to place ourselves and those entrusted to us under the special protection of the Sacred Heart, that through the graces Te shall thence receive, and through our co- operation with those graces, we may obtain a deeper knowledge and more intimate love of Jesus, and be more alive to His interests, and the interests of our goals. Better light and hope, additional itreneth and courage, will be given to YOU in the efficacious and beautiful devotion to the Sacred Heart which it is the object of this act of consecration to promote. Be generous to the Sacred Heart. Fix 011 something you now spend on yourselves, and give it for the love of souls and of Jesus who died ior them. Your self'denial and sacrifice will have a sweetness beyond all self- indulgence. Beligion is necessary for men's happiness even in this world. All men require it, the victim of misfortune requires it in t special manner. In its presence misfortunes are comparatively insignificant, nay, they become the royal road to true happiness, whilst, without its consolations and direction, all else is unable to satisfy the soul. The priest is the instrument by which this power is cherished and strengthened. Its consolations are heard from his lips, its institutions are applied by his hands as the tufferer needs them. They lift up the soul bowed down by sorrow. When affliction weighs heaviest, they inspire .courage and resignation. G-o to the sick bed; draw near that poor wretch whom everyone has forsaken; ask him who is •the consoling angel that pours upon his weary heart the balm of hope and consolation, and he will tell you it is the priest. Go to the battle-field, and, amid a scene of terrible carnage, you will 'hear the wounded and dying soldiers exclaim: "Make haste to reconcile me with God. I have only a few moments to live." And you will hear others say: "Oh, priest of God, were you not with us, who would console us in our last moments ?" There is nothing more pleasing in the sight of God than to labour for the salvation of souls. " We cannot offer any sacrifice to God," says ,8t. Gregory, " which is equal to that of zeal for the salvation of souls." " He that |receiveth a prophet"—a priest,— says our Divine Saviour, "snail receive the reward of a prophet." By assisting the priests of God to perform good works for the salvation and sanctificption of souls, you share in all their good works—in their merits and in their rewards. "A willow-tree," says St. Gregory, " bears no fruit, but, supporting, as it does, the vine together with its grapes, it makes these its own by sustaining what is not its own." In like manner, he who assists to provide priests for the Church makes his own all those good works which are performed by the priest; that is to say, he preaches through the priest, he hears confession through him, he converts sinners through him; in a word, he sanctifies the world through the priest, and is, through him, the cause that the most Precious Blood of Jesus Christ is not shed in vain; and he.gladdens, through him, the angels and mints in heaven, and especially the Sacred Heart of Jesus and the most pure heart of the Blessed Virgin Mary. We believe that a sufficient supply of good candidates for the Sacred Ministry can be procured, but it is absolutely necessary that there should be some aid for them during their period of study. Of the small number of priests at present in the diocese, we deem it our duty to remind you that, at the end of two years, we shall be deprived of the services of three, who return to the diocese' of Melbourne. We must provide Other "priests to take the places of these, and, fuJ^fcrmpre, there are three or foiir diBtmctt jifWie'resident priests might be located'%im i very great advantage to the faithful, many of whom are destitute; for several months, of the Bread of Life. " The little: ones have ashed for bread, and there teas •• none to break, it unto them."—Lamentations iv., 4. We have great confidence that, in proportion to the means with yhich you nave been blessedby a. Bountiful Providence, you will not hesitate to contribute pheerfully and with a truly. Catholic liberality,..to the Diocesan Fund, the object of which is to provide priests and nuns for the diocese, and, on our port, we shall offer ; the Holy Sacrifice of the MaBB every "week for tiie, spiritual and temporal welfare of all who co-operate with us in providing zealous labourers in the vineyard, and thus promote the dearest interests of the Sacred Heart. "The harvest is indeed great, but the labourers few." We hereby appoint Sunday, the 17th June, for the solemn consecration of the diocese to the Sacred Heart of our Divine Lord. The Act of Consecration shall be read in all churches and chapels in which Mass is celebrated on that day. At every Mass on that day the priest shall explain to the people the nature of the devotion to the Sacred Heart, after which he shall read aloud the Act of Consecration hereto appended. On the previous Sunday (10th June) the faithful everywhere shall be exhorted to prepare themselves for this consecration by approaching worthily the Sacraments. The clergy shall read the Act of Consecration in each separate church or station on subsequent Sundays and station days. That the fruits of this consecration may be more securely preserved, we recommend the establishment, in all districts, of confraternities in honour of the Sacred Heart. This Pastoral is to be read at every Mass on Sunday, 27th May, and Sunday, 3rd June. May the peace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen. Given at Sale, Trinity Sunday, 1888. JAMES FBANCIS, Bishop of Sale. 