MEMORIAL STONE LAYING.. -. i _ - - _ _ . in The Memorial Stone of St. Augus- pl tine's Church of England, Mentone, ac was laid last Monday afternoon with Ir great eclat by Mrs M. H. Davies, wife co of the Hon. M. H. Davies, speaker of n: theLegislative Assembly. There were pc upwards of two hundred persons of present including His Lordship the to Bishop of Melbourne, the Rev. A. ca Caffin, incumbent of the Parish, and ni his assistant, Rev. G. N. Macdonnell, PE as well as the Revs. W. WV. Miantell, T. H. Rust, J. Armstrong, and B. S. hr Parkes. a The proceedings commencedbliy the br Incumbent the Rev. A. Caffin reading nc the Order of Service to be observed on as such occasions, at in appropriate break in which Mr C. J. Hearle came forward and read the following documnent; which was enclosed in-a jar and placed under ll the stone.--" The foundation stoine of co the St. Augustines Church of England, at Mentone, under which this document na is placed was laid on the 26th day of th November in. the year of our Lord se 1888, in the 51st year of the reign of la Her Majesty Queen Victoria, and the B Centennial year of the colonisation of in Australia, by Mrs lM. H. Davies the th wife of the Ifon. M. H. Davies Esq., qo speaker of the Legislative Assembly of er Victoria. Sir. Henry Brougham h Loch Z being Gove or of the Colony, The de Rev-. Fidld,. `lowers- Coe y bei ng ; Bislhop of the I)iocese of 3-Mfehiourne; se the hon. Sir James McBain, Phesidenr T of the Legislative Council ;'the hlion. K Thos. Bent, 'M.L A., President of the M Shire of 3loorabbin; the Rev. A. 1 Cafiin of Moo:e College, Now South F Wales. Incumbent of. the Parish; ar Messrs Jas. Hiorby, J. C. Gladstone; to .T. Robinson and C. J. Hearle being bi the members of the Board of Guardi- fo ians; Messrs N. Billing and Son, of gt Collins str et, Architects ;. Messrs to Caskie and Greig of Mordialloc, Col- p] tractors, and Mr J. C. Evans'of iMen- tl tone, Clerk of Work-..- . v. The Services of the Church of Eng- ii land in this neighbourhood were first al established by the Rev. H. P. Kane, w M.A.,.and carried on afterwards with of the assistance of lay gentlemen from d, the City of Melbourne in the Athen- of aeum' Hall, erected for general pur- w poses by the original proprietor of the T estate. The ground on which this al church is built has been. purchased of from the Colonial Investment and o1 Land Company, and paid for by public g, sbuscription. The total cbst is to- be p about £300, but the portion now: being built will cost about £700." ' With this document was also en closed copies, of the local and metro- a, politan papers. . .. - b. Mr Hearle then'.said it gave, him a great pleasure on behalf of the Board I of Guardiant to request Mrs M. H. a Davies to perform the ceremony. of el laying the stone, and presented to that a lady a very handsomely ornamented T silver trowel, .bearing the following B inscription :--, Presented-to Mrs M. a H. Davies, on the occasion of her lay- G ing the foundation stone of St. Augus- F tine's Church of England, MIentone, I November 26th, 1888. Mrs Davies then ascended the dais, I took the trowel, and after preparing P the mortar bed, the stone being duly 0 lowered into its proper position, she v with a gentle tap on each corner and I saying " I lay this:foundation stone of r a church, to be called St. Augustine's ti Church, in the name of the Father, 0 and of thed'Son, and of the Holy. Ghost. R Amen," declared the stone to be duly I laid. - On the' stone were -these words neatly cut oait "This Memorial stone of St. Augustine's Church of England, P was laid by Mrs M. H. Davies Novem ber 26th, 1888. N. Billing and Son, Architects." o Prayer having been offered by one of the visiting ministers. HIis Lordship the Bishop of Mel- c: bourne said that it gave him great pleasure to be presenton this interest- S ing occasion and take part in the l service of laying the foundation or h memorial stone of a new church at C Meutone. It augured well for the 1 liberality of the members of the church S that they had some forward so nobly I by their donations and thus enable the T guardians to erect a house in which to I1 worship God. He 'trusted that the a church members at Brighton and I Cheltenham would not run away with I the idea that after having taken a part I in this event they should forget to I render further assistance. He would I like to see the cause of God at Mten- I tone gro)v, as hlie had often said where T evere there was life there was growth. I In such a town as Mentone, which a was a favorite watering place there I was a great deal to be done by the d Incumbent in dealing with visitors C who frequented such places in which I to spenid their holidays....He trusted I that the portion of the buildings con- I templated at present to be erected, as well as the completed structure, which . he hoped would soon bd necessitated, a would be a blessing to the dist.rict. The new church will occupy a very commanding position frontifig Coma Parade, within easy diAtahce of the ' railway station on an allotment 80 x 253 feet. The materi-alof which it is to be built is red bricks with dressings of whitePortarlington bricks and.New Zealand freestone. It is designed in' the early English Period.of Gothic Architecture and ailitouglh withlout florid ornament wsill from its pro portions, effective grouping and col ur, prove an enrichment to the beauty of the town. It will consist of nave 65 x 23'6, transepts 20 6 x 19 each, chancel 18"5 x 18 with organ cmhambers, vestry and baptistry. There are also three porches screening the main en trance which are amply sufficient to meet all the requirements of thei Central Board of Health, and venti lation is also liberally and unsparingly provided for. At the angle fomed by by the chancel and the south transept Sis placed a tower, the lower part of Swhich is appropriated to the vestry and which with its slated spirelet rises to a height of about. 75 feet from the gioiti~ line. The main external di mensions of the building when com pleted will be: Length 94 feet; width across the west end, 31ft; across transept, 72 feet. The cost of the completed building exclusive of inter nail fittings will be about £2700. The portion at present to be built consists of the chancel and part of the nave, to seat about 125, and is estimated to cost about £700. The total accom modation will be for about 400 persons. Several very handsome donations having been placed on the stone, and a collection takemi up, His Lordship brought the service to a close by pro nouncing the. benediction, and the assembly dispersed. 