Australian Tales and Adventures. No. 8& THE TRIPLE GHOST. By Alexander Montgomery "What d'ye think, though, of a triple ghoat?" It was Jaok Martin who pat the question, bb he leant over the fence of thehomepaddock st Ksrunilla atation, one bluing Banday forenoon in December. Jaok-hie looal capacity of atoakman to the oontrary notwithstanding-mi a gentleman; there oould be no doubt ot that. Good ednoa tion-good nannera-good heart-bot not that important something whiob ia no tersely yolept " ballMl," and lot laok of whioh-to oarry the figure farther-the argoiy of Jaak'i existence had laffered graivoua and repeated damage, if not actual ahipwroek. fiat, by a natural compensation, it ia not seldom given to these flighty eonls to take the world more easily than their fellowa, and thaa it waa that Ur. John Martin, " yarning" there, that morning, with an old blue ahirt on hie baok and an arehaio " oabbage-tree " over hia good-natared countenance, na aa oheetfol aa if he had not been the ion of an sriatoeratio Lincolnshire rector, and brother to brif-a-dozen high-brad yoang women in far-away England. If Jack was cheerful, however, big atory waa not, and the amila of inorednlUj upon the faoeg of hta listeners aoon sate way to that look of breathless fixity whieh tella of the power of the born raconteur. All this wae jut end, b8 I wag myself one of the listeners aforesaid, loan testify that the etory made a deep impression on me at the time. It mar not likewiae afleot yon, hot at anyr&te; here ft " It waa eix yean ago," laid Martin, and nst after I'd bad that oropper over the wire enoe at Oarmiohael'a on tneJGkmlbum. Aa I've told you before, I waa pretty well emaahed np on that oooaelon, and aa aoon aa I oonld be moved I waa aent down to the bogpital in Sydney. Here I polled roand at a rate that astonished the dootora-who, between our atlres, don't know everything yet, and m In Imb than a month 1 was able to get abont again pretty well. Then I bethought me of a fellow who had corao into a bit of money while he wae working with me on Carmu ohael'e station. Either a Swede or a Nor wegian he was-with llalk ltjorren lor hia name. A decidedly queer fi ih he wae, too, bat not a bad sort in the main, and eo, as he and I had been pretty friendly, I thought I'd look him up and pay him a visit. I knew his plaoe wae on the coast, and I thought a spell in the eea-air would be just the thing (or me. " Well, to out matters Bhort, another week lound me abont a hundred miles up to the northward, at a place called-I think Wbandamo. That's something like it, any how ; and it don't matter muoh, (or it was a miserable dog-hole enough -etuek in the middle of a setub-covercd flat, bordered on odo side by low sandhills. Beyond these sandhills was the sea, and, about a mile off ' along the coaet, Mr. Halk Bjorren was domi ciled in a but that looked as if it had been built from the timbers of a wreok. Afl in deed, perhaps it had, (or there bad been a good few Bhips driven ashore thereaboute, from time to time, and the Wbandamo people I bad some eurioua tales about tbe ghosts of tbe drowned, and eo forth. At these, of oourae, I laughed-but not for long I " I'm not nervouB, and l m not supersti tions, but before a weelc vent over my bead I got the biggest fright that ever befell me in my life. "Well, I fossicked Bjorren oat, and though be omitted the trifling formality of ?aying that I was weleome, he made me feel it, which wsb better. Indeed, he wae a man who never eaid mnoh at any time-a strange, tall, lanky, long-nosed, wide-eyed ereatore, who always suggested to me a sort of Scan dinavian version of Lytton'e Biooiboooa, and who wae not without a fair share of Bieoa boooa'a learning either. I know he was well read in the olasBios, for one thing. Indeed if it had not been for his books, I don't know what he'd have done with himself. He didn't seem to employ himself in anything bnt mooning about the shore, and, as he didn't volunteer any Information on the point, I didn't ask him any questions, " A dreary shore it was; nothing bot sand and eorab as far as the eye oonld reaah. Pat me a good deal in mind of old Lincolnshire; but, as yon may guess, I didn't like it any the worse tor that, and so tor a oonple of days I wandered about, thinking of old times, and trying to fanoy that if I topped the sand hills I should see the spire of Lincoln Cathe dral looming far aorose the fens. " Well, I think it was the fourth night I'd been at the plaoe, then was a foil moon. X was wandering about with Bjorren'* gun on my arm when I saw her rising ont of the aea, like -bnt that's what everybody gashes about, so I'll just let it alone. I will say, thongb, that when she was fairly ap it was easy to see that she was no Lincolnshire moon, or wasn't shining through Lincoln shire air at annate. I was always fond .of SDecnlatinn about the moon, and m I strolled elowly along, I wu gating steadily at her big red. orb, when there suddenly rang ont behind me a shriek eo blood curdling that' I etarted violently and dropped the gan into a pool o( sea-water. Nor did I think of picking it op, for when I tnrned round, I saw a eight that drove everything else clean ont of my head. Within abont three hundred yards of me, and fanning in my direotion, wae a woman. A. amall, Blight framed woman, ehe seemed, with long, dark elothea and naked feet. I oonld gee them twinkle white along the sand a« ehe ran. No I-ehe wae a tall woman, with a white dreie, and what eeemed to be a knife iq her band. No 1 I eaid to myeeU a eeeond time wondering with a ewilt flash of the mind if my tenses were leaving me-m I now eaw no woman at all, bnt a man, within a hundred yards of me and still running on. A tall roogbly-dressed man, with what appeared to be a tomahawk in hie left band-I aaw hie faoe distinotly-white as death and fringed with a tagged beard that blew over his shoulder as he eame. " Helplessly 1 gazed at him, until when he was, or teemed to be, abont fifty yard* from me, be quickly shifted the tomahawk from his left hand to hie right. That broke the ?pell I There wae something so natural and human in the action that my wits eame baek to me in a moment, end down I etooped for the gun. I couldn't shoot with it now, I knew, but I oonld nee it aa a club. Well, boys, I didn't have to nee it at all. When I stood up with it grasped by the muzzle in both hands-the man wsb gone I"-and Jack, with true dramatis art, came here to a dead pause and began elowly to ent op tobaeeo. "Gone?" lacked. 11 Ban awayagain, do yon mean?" 11 No, air! Gone I-disappeared 1-van ished I" " Come, oome, Jack I" I aald, laughing. " That's the stereotyped aort of thing, 70a know I Ton should have finiahed things 00 with more ariginality I" " Dan't it Rtrike yon," said Jack, gravely, that it'a Just beoauae I'm telling tbe troth that I haven't finished off, at yon says in a less stereotyped manner! Were I Bluffing yon, aa we lay bareabonta, nothing wonld cars been eaaiar than to give matters a note original turn." " Porhapa you had soma' bard stall' with yon, and saw double?'' aaid Billy Anderson, the red-nosed little 000k, who was a thjrsty soul, and apoke aoaording to his lights. " Saw treble, yon mean 1" put in the stoift man, who was the wit o( the station 11 tbongh that's bnt a bate insinuation." Martin shook bis bead. "Noboys,"L. said. " Strange to say, I hadn't at that timt lasted any liquor (or over (our months. II I wasn't downright outot my mind (or abont thirty seoonds-(or it all passed in that time -Iaawexaotly wkmt Ijtelf yon, and exaotly a« I tell von.'i "Wis there nothing that oonld haveoon oealed the figure?" I asked. " Nothing. Flat u the palm of you band for half a mile on ever; Bide of me. But hear me oat I" and, having lighted his pipe, Jaek hitehed himself farther upon the lenoe and went on " I cannot desoribe to yon how I (ell. It eeemed to me si if the whole soene aroond me had Buddenly turned unreal and ghastly. The very moon eeemed to have ohanged into aome awfnl thing-some fearfal personality, if yon understand me- that kept glaring downwards on me as I made the beat of my way hack to the hat, " Here I saw something that wasn't at all oaloulated to steady my nerves. Bjorren was asleep, and apparently dreaming-some awful dream, by the look of him. His hair-very long and shaggy it was-was tossed all about the pillow, and his face was streaming with perspiration. He kioked about, too, and struggled, and at last he orled ont something that made me start onoe more. 1 The axe I' be said-1'the tomahawk! My God I sbe'a down 1' I went over and shook him till he woke. ' What's the matter, old man ?' I said. ? Have yon been dreaming ?' He sat up, shud dering and wiping the damp from his face. ' Dreaming I' he said. 1 Yea, thank God it was only a dream I' Then, when he had oome round a bit, he told me his droam; and-you may believe me or not, lads, said Jack, slowly and deliberately-" but this is what he told ma." " He thought first, be said, that he saw (at kaok into the early times of the eolony, and that three persona, a man and two women, ooonpied the very hut we were in. It seemed to be known to aim at the same time that these were the sole survivors ol a shipwrook, and that the man had built the hut out ol wreokage. The man, too, he seemed to know, had formed an attachment to the younger oi the two women, and thus aroused the deadly (calousy oi the other, who was his wile. And now, m the dreamer uw them, * gum arose. A quarrel which grew more ua more eavage, until the iniored wile matohel op a knife and attaoked her riral, who nialiel eoreaming out oi the hat. Aorou the moonlit .ende she fled-alter her the maddened avenger with a knife, and alter' bar in tarn the faithlese hnsband with a tomahawk." " Rapidly the eeoond gained upon the flnt, and the third noon both, nnftil 4h« honlal woman was overtaken, and threw, heraell down upon her knees, screaming wildly toj^_ meroy. Bha did not reoeive UI The fan with the knife flung herself npon hot rival, end, holding her down by mainstrength-col her throat 1 It waa the work of i momnl, but, before the murderess could rise to bar' feet again, the husband arrived fljon tb« spot, and, shitting the tomahawk from fail left hand to hie right, be drove itfierodr into bia wife's skull. Down ehe went beside bar, victim, and lay there as motionless-and as dead-ae a log. The manj too, remained a> motionless, after he had atinbk the blow, Ml i( he had been turned into stone. For a few moments, that is; then he flung the toma hawk far away across the (and, «nd, tuning round, made for the hat like ft madman. Arrived there, he lost not a moment, but, frantic with horror and remorse, ollmbed npon tbe roof, made a line fast to the rode oMmntj, and hune himself I " Suoh was Bjorren'e dream," want on Jaok, after a pause, *' and I lean yon to gMMwhkl cflect it bad upon me, ooming after what I'd sefii. And what was more, lads, when morn' ing.carae we examined the outride ot the chimney, and (onnd, rare enongh, . pieoe oi rotten old qaarter-inoh made (ait around it. It might have been the remalna of the Urn the murderer hanged himself with, or It might not. Yon oan form your own opinion; all I know is that I've desoribed the matter exactly as it ooonrred, and that I cleared oat of the aooareed piaoe that very day. A* lor Bjorxan, oonoludod Jaok, getting dpwn*off thi fenoe to ' depart,-" he may be there yet, fortflll know, j He was jnet the eort of dun tO'ttlt stub I ghostly work, bnt one anoh bight In a life i time's enough for this individual. Why, to this day, I oan't bear the sight ot the loll moon." This was trne enongh. We had all notioed and langhad at the peculiarity in question, tbongb whether It haa its origin In the manmr 1 desoribed is a point which I have new whatever yon, reader, may do-been able to settle to my own satisfaction. A. BubssqBent ooeanenoe, however, indaoed me to think it possible that the whole story was the morbid emanation ot a brain trembling-though wa knew it not-on the verge of insanity. Moi is this supposition invalidated by the art with whioh the tale wae told, since it 'b . matter of oommon experience that Innbtiai will sometimes exhibit, in some pirtiiwlar mental direation, a skill and address almost beyond tbe capabilities of the MM. ^ Id the month o! Fabmaiy '96, or aboW fourteen months after hearing the story 1 | hive hare reproduoed, I wh on jn* way to i the Wannamilla country, in QoMWinA, ant i bad got as far m Jalligap, on the Maodonald Elver. Jut before dan, I mi smoking my 1 pipe at the door of the little hotel, when two troopers galloped into the townihlp had palled op (or s drink. Their bona showed the marki of a hard ride, and than tu aoon a little crowd round the hotel door, to know what waa the matter. The general opinion inolinedto baahrangera, and it waa *ith some thing like disgust that the Jelllgaplahs lsamed. it waa only a lanatio the troopera were alter. A man on Colonel MaaMrman's Vanma station had, it appeared, mddenly gone out of hia mind, and, alter firing twist at tbi overseer, had monnted hia hone and taken tothebnah. " We're bound to have him before morning, though," aaid one o( the constables. " He waa eeen taking the traok to Donnelly's Fork and that's aa good as a rat trap to him." And so it proved. About sight iisxt morn ing the troopera rode into the township again with the lanatio-still on his own hone, bat bonnd and handeofled-between them. Sam* thing in the poor oreatore'staee abrade ma as being familiar. I went oloiar.' Good Qod ( -it waa Jaok Martin I "Jaokl" I cried. "Jack Martin--you know me, don't yoa, old fellow t" : lie "laughed cheerfully. "Ob, yea," Si said, "I know yon quits well. Yon'n Angel Gabriel. What have .yon done with your wings,- though ? Excuse my not raising my hat, bat you see"-with . olanoe ithli bonds-" there are serious mernianintl aiB> oolties in the way I" " Where are 70a taking himf1 I aiked the [ troopers. " Magistrate and dootors, first, air-than I ?appose, to Brisbane Asylum f" . And to Brisbane Asylum poor Jaek went 1 bat he didn't etay there long. Three weeks afterwards I was In Brisbane, and sailed to see him. "Martin?" said the olerk, taming one the leaves of the book. " Martin, John. Ah, here it is I Admitted, 28 February; died, 27th. Four days afterwards, you aes." I did see; and saw, too, that it was battel 