A S a n ita r y Spectre. T he reception given on Monday to the deputation touching the anticipated conveyance of nightsoU by the North Pine Railway (aaya the Brisbane Observer), presents come curious features. In the first place, it is a little odd that after the admitted fact that the corporation had fixed upon a _piece of land at Hed cliff e for aightsoil purposes, sd eves la d it “ gazetted ’ in ordinary form, the Government in the person of the Premier should disclaim all entanglement with the matter, and treat it as a fiction or nonentily. 'I hat a certain amount of encouragement bad been given by tbe Government—past or present—in the matter of the proposed depA, and that the only passible moms of conveyance was by rail, lay on the surface of tbe facts, and yet both the Preand tbe Minister for Railways declared that tbe idea of so carrying the nightcoil never entered their minds, th at in fact in tbe whole premises the Government had done ju st nothing, and that the petition was uncalled for. That may be so, must be so indeed, when we have it so declared to us. But if interested parties are not to find justification in petitioning the Government en such a matter when locality has been deeidvd, and conveyance, to say the least, freely discussed, we wonder at wliat stage such a petition should be presented F Had it been delayed alitllelater—delayed,say,till the Government had committed themselves —would not the deputation have been told that they had come too late? Of still more importance was that part of the response, wbicb touched tbo point of the pstition. The Premier generally has crumbs—or whole slices—of comfort a t baud, which he jsrka out a t his interviewers in a takeit-or-leavoit fashion, and sometimes there ia a serious difficulty in knowing whether it should be taken or left. In the present case he not only spoke of the proposed railway conveyance as unthought of, but as a "filthy idea," and he let it be undentood that iu? personal idea was the watercloset system. But the language gave bo ruarsntee that the very method a t presoot unthought of (officially) aud disliked (personally) mi^ht not tome fine mo'ning be found in operatioe, Io truth, it would have been a very serious matter for the Premier to give auch guarantee, as be was too wary not to see it. For it would involve the final abandonment of the system of burying uigbtSDil elsewhere than on our shores, tince the refusal to carry it to one locality by rail would entail a similar decision all round, and aoy other form of land carriage becomes increasingly impossible. W e do not say that we would regret this decision; but it it not a derision io which a Minister should be driven in dealing with the claims of a particular line or district, We shall be glad if the poke given by the Premier to our oity magnates over their present system, and the raising anew of the unrestful and ubiquitous ghost of pjpular objeotion io be brought into close quarters with it, will aid in waking oar slumbering councillors to some sense of the seed of grappling with tbe problem. The time cannot now be far off when farther slumber over it will be impossible. ___ ______________ B 1 w ) f J J , P» day to be made by w l oCt k persons of oither eex.in qHired. We will start yon. tfntfit worth XI nailod free. The employment ia par' tioniarty adapted to the region in whioh this publioation euonlatea.- Boys and girls ~ Unite 8ta Job Prtntnif—Tbejob pnuung oensruuentui tb lamanunNrualBlargalrratronlMabTBU oltue n Hobart and the lum udliu dlirtnole. Tbe nets are 25 per cent, lower than then hitherto exacted in Hobart, and all work U executed foe manner unanrptSMd by any other (sfflw in the 