A. PROFOUND DMYSTERY :. C1. PTteTI?,R II. :. h H?o H catches hil of hisiwif s writiig. iv table to whirl it neir. By some elumsiness c? his foot catches .in one of, its spidery w claws, and with a crash it topples over, in away goes the "writin-case? flying open, V and scattering the contents far arid widoe sc Tho criesi shooks baby's ierves, baby ho= It gins to cry, and the newivosdaid tiita a 1 flies to the angel's side. • : f. ' t say,' Sir Victor cries, ' !ok : here ! t Aivkivard thing of ne to..do-- eh, Ethel' p iWriting-cese broken, too Never rmind I'll pick ;ciis up.' : . :He goes down on knees boyishly, and ti begids gathering them up-letters, oenve- is lopes, ewax; seals, pens and pencils. He oi Ilings'all in a heap in the broken case. n Lady Catheron, rooing: to baby, looks tr siililngly on; Sutddenly hde conies to a full ;s stop. . . ci Coones to a fulle stop, and holds .soiey thing before him as thoughl it were a a snake ; i very Iharmless snake, apparently -the photogiraph of a young and hand- 1 somne mailn. For a full minute lie gazes at b it utterly-aghast. a ' Gooi beavens !' his wife hears his say. Holding baby in liher irus she glances at I iuim. The baek of hle picture is towards e heri but she recognizes it. Her face turns 7 ashen gray i she inoves ioduid aid beods it li :r tholb' Sir Victor'satoi his te ieo stern, bab i:darling. .u so s ioud ,Victor; please! I w ant to get baby asleep.' t , : blow comses -Juai Catheron a picture I hs 're?~ ' - a She catches her' breath-the tones. in swlichl Sir Victor speaks is a'to it riotiplea- R aist I heiar. She is a,' thoroughly good e Slittle llth.ing; hu the et of little thiings; beinig ouien, 'iari ero dissetitildrs. For a 1 second shei does not ftcs hili ; tlhen she I comeics bravely up to time, and look's at himn over her shoulder. Juan Catheron ! Oh, to be sure. Is thit pIictuherere yet ?' with a 'little laugh. i S'I thought I had lost it centuries ago. Good heavens ?' sheo exclaimis; inwardly, Shoiw e6uld I ihave bcen such a fool ?' I Sir Victor rises to his' feet-a curious passing likeness to his dark condsi Inez on his lair, blonde lace. 'Then you knew Juan Catheron? You ! And you never told mo!',, . ' My dear Sir Victor,' rith a little pont, don't beo unreasonable.- I should have something to do if I put' you ate courant of all my `acqiuaintances:' .I. 'knh?e iMr Catheron slightly,' with iagasip..-' Is there auuny crime in' that ?'. - S'Yes,' Sir Victor answers, in a voice that makes his wife jump and:his son cry; ' yes, tiere is. I wouldn't own a dog if e Juan Catheron owned him before me:. To look at him is pollution enough-to know hims -disgriace' : S'Victor! Disgrace!' :':Dii'grace, Ethell! He is one of ,the vilest, most profligate, most loot wretches that ever disgraced a good' naime. Ethel; I command you, to tell me. -Was. this man eovr anythinig to yoie -frienid-lover -what ?' ' And if he-has been, what then ?' -She rises and faces him proudly. :"Am I to answer for his sins ?'. . ' Ye s!' We all must answer mote or o lese for those who are our friends.. How came you to have his picture ? What has lhe been to you? Not your lover-for heaven's sake, Ethel, never that !' "' And why not ? .Mind,' she says; still facing him, her blue eyes aglitter, ' I don't 'say -that.t he was but .i how ?es,.v whlat than?' . e Hi ise white to the lips withjealons rage and fear. ' This, theon yu -should never again be wife'of mine.' ' Victor,' she puts out her hands as.if to ward otl a blow, 'don't say that -oh, doen't saythit ! And-and is it not true. He never seas a lover of mine-never t never !'. y =hl" bi sti out awith .the denial. in pea siansec fear ianid trembling-. In all her y wedded life she has never seen hint look, I- !head tint speak like this, though she has e dten him jealoes needlegily eften. EHe never was your lover? 'You are 1 telinttg met'the tr ?' , d No, no, never'--never, Victor ! Don't look like that! What broiight that swretched picture. lhere? I knew ' him s :ightly--oly that--and he did give me his photograph, .(low could. Itell he was >r the mietleh you Say'he is,? - How could 1 r think there would' be iny h-nrm in tdling a picture?: lie setned nice. Victor. rWhat rdid he ever d?' e lie seemed ,iCe 1. ir Vi?tor repe iet, Sbitterly ; and what did le' ever do ? What has he.left undone y-tu had ,better., ask. HI hast broken:' every' cofinand of the I).ec'algue everv law, human and divine he, ii:.dead to us all-hbissister inecludedl- nt a:ltas been this rmaly years. Ethel can ra I bel:eve---'' I ' i ha-e told yoi, sie. SiViuo.n .: u wrill y. believe taiyose peaise,' his. wife, answers, e a little.sullenly,mturning .away from him. Io She understands him.. His:very:jeals3 and anger are born: of bh piassionate love If for her: -To grievet her is .torture to hiue yet he grieves her often. '. For a trdices.in's' daith!er to marrv a r buroueet may _be . ut one...remttove ifrom Paradise; still• it is a- rem've; and tile is aerptin Io iady Catheia's Edlein i thet the ugliest and most vicious of alt serpents "e -jealousy. He has. never shown hid s. green eces and obnoxioidus ilaws so palpably before, aid as Sir Victor looks at her itiudingd. ovei her'- baby? hii fiereeparxcy si I of jflousy" gir·cs was ts a fieice parys?ni didh?t :m'-mdi t -? wvond yeiyu ;but " the thdio ~lititat-itufain--faugh Ut I am i .wildtw,with look bf- disgiant ' Then lthey Skiss audm.;ke nt ; butethe sWab has been s givent and i;ut illh rankle- u the follyow her pa'fstis d.iior ':it' wirl as alleour follies pIst aled .pre'sient larelc redtltureto mdoi .i: :t,: p ::iu:re CHAPTER l I in. fte uow itnth a lokonsERO C Olset oh ti is an n ha-:ofternoout of a September da'n SirdsVictorl satberofi, ~ofll Gathero nRoyltis: brotj iht lionehis wife and son: . pestlieind: peand ; son The .ctainy :itood td ratoided. Akil~ifiti h im a ti;:usde~ad s-eret -dreidfilal Aiid' lnei C itEbeAro' was S"ivhen iliis.wrfcteid,' r.sgitiid, ,yoing mar cst owld ke~es lii ftllysa ecrei is0 lo0ger, le t.iui brigtg hetis wife and ehild home S [::Tse resident getry, st?ehcunderstruik. Did th?dy hi ict :lieyd coul call (this was 3 tiseentler Sex)?B eliesttcrady might jostle .d ridtohcray etioct the Ipicdground, but the .iUs iiustr-,: "t?r; snomewhere--end the ' ightlitr "f a L donot ?O?lboiler ihey : nuill1'1 ?e:r ceivel :I:tlo iwtas to le posi. -tiie ?tcre?':iii+ beet,: . nuarriag c at all ? ey-d?, y sad :('hte-e.u-.. - a ,well latent insanitpy cropping up-the young gi Wian must simpply b mad. ?: ... .. of Nevertheles,; bells rahu and bonfires pr blazed, tensantry cheered,` and all the old de servauts, with Mrs aisreh.the housekeeper Ij aim Mr R Booper, thb;butler, at their head, t were drawn up in formidable array to re ceive the-. : And if both husband and wife ware .very pale-verv silent; and very nervous-who is to - blame them ? Sir ,Victorhad set society at defiene ; it was society's turn now, and then-there- was Ilez. 1. SFur Lady Catberon, the dark menacing Si finure of her husband's cousin haunted hlir t .t'o. As the big. turrettedl towered, -ivied al pile of stone and mortar telled Catberon tc lRorale, with its great bell booming, she u Union Jack waving, feared up .before itt spoiled by Inez Catheron's boundless: ri Iworship ; and he wiebed for this ' rose n of the rosebud garden of girlse' as he had p never wished for anything in his two and P trienty years of life. d soapboiler's 'daughter, ashe 'absolutely 1 cowered with a dread that had notiauie. a S'I a fm Lraid,' she said.. ' Oh, Victor.. I f an afraid. He laughed-not quite niaturally,though i If the .painful: truth must be . told of b baronet andi a Catheron, Sir Victor weas T afraid, too.i I ' Afraid !' he laughed. . .Of what, t Ethel? The ghosat of. the gray lady Who i walks twice in every year in Rupert's e Tower ?^ Like all fine old families, we s, have our' fine old family ghost;'and would t( unot p?rtwith it for the world. I:l.: tell d you the legend some day - pat reset screwy;your courage to.Ahesticking plae,' td foehere .we are? : : . d Here they were.!. He desceided from the carriage, and walked into the' grand f manorial hall-vast enough to have lodged V a hundred men-his Wife on his arm, his head very high, and his face 'very pale. She clung to him, poor. child, and yet she i struggled hard.for her dignity, too. Hat t in hand, smiling right and left in the old e pileasant way. he shook hands? with Mr Hlooper and Mrs Marshl' presented them I to my lady, and 'lravely inquired for Miss I Inez, . ;. Miss Inez was well,- and awaiting them in the drawing room. They ascended At 'the cedar drawing I room, one of the. grandeat' rooms in the house, all gilding and ormolu, and magni ficent upliolstery-Master Baby following iIin the arms of :their nurse. 'The- sweet face and soft eyes of Lady Catheron had done their work already in. the ranks of the servant.' She would be 'an easiler mistiese to. serve than Miss Inez. ' If she ever is misiress in her own house,' thought Mrs Marsh, who id wsconm. panion to Miss Catheron,he w'ellas houses keeper ; ' and mistress she never will be Whilst Miss Catheron is `livipg 'at the a Royale.: The drawing-room was brilliantly lit, and standing in the full glare of the lamps was Inez, She was gorgeousthis evening Sin matize silk that was '.like- wovei" 'sun; shine, she had a white camelia in her hair a ''diamond cross on her breast scented Saces about her, diamonds on `her? arms and in her ears. ,So see ast'ood:a rees pleudent vision--so Sir Victor beheld her again. He putup hisliand for a momeit like a man who is dazzled. Then he led for ward his wife, as men have led oun a forlorn Shope. . ' My cousin,' he said ; '. my wife. Inez r this'is Ethel.' . . There was a certain pathos in 'the aiine plicity of the, worde, in the tone of his voice, in the look.of his eyes; and ats 'ome very uplifted young princess might bow to II the lowest of her handmaids, Miss Cathe ' ron.bowed to Lady Catheron. ..E,'el'i.hoe repersated, ia sii on lher face,. ' A pretty name 'aiid i pretty face. I congratulate you on your. taste, Victor. r And this is: the baby ? I must look at him. • There'was ionsufferable insolence in the smile, an insuffer;:oble ser in the' compli ment. Ethell had 'lhalf extenrded a timid handl - Victor' had wholly extended a pleading one.' 'She to too ist the slightest n3ticeof either.- Sie lifted tie wvhite veil, r and looked down upon the sleeping baby. • ; The heir of Catherso: Ioyals,' she said; ' and a fline baby,. 'o doubt, as babies go. I don't pretend to be a judge. • Ie is very e band, and very llabby, and very fat just at present. Whom does he :ecemtihle?. Not you, Victor. Oh, no doubt t listaff side So the house.- Wlht do you n'. ll him, nurse? .Not christened. yet ? But, of course, the heir of th!e, house is always s chr'istened at C'atherou:R3oyals. Victor,. no I doubt you'll fclloll the habit of your ancees tors; anti give hint your mruther's: family nt uate. Your mother was the dtIuriter of a mairquis, and -you are Victer St Albany Catheron. Geod custoina 'shouild not be t dioppid.' ' Let your son aild 'heir bh Vicior Dobb Catheron. e " Se lcughed as ise droppcl. tri veil-a laugh that made all the ibloodI in'Sir Victor's body; tingle in" his fiace; but ihe stood n silent.:.. And it was Etihel wio, to the sur prise of every one, her husband ,included, II tIrned upon Miss Ct'theron with flushing eyes and flushed choks: . . .... - -A 'Andl suppoP(se Ir is rrehistened.Victor Dobli i.athlroni,, whtt lien ? It' is' hi lhonest English ,ri?le,: of i lhict. none of i my family .have every ie.onl to be ,shaiiredtl My Ialanl a!'s uiother may have a beeni the daughter'of a Ir rqnis l--iny son's S ot thdauher1'the' rl liter of 'a t-sadesman. eo naLr tie ithat hliS bt'i gOo,l c'ough for hie wiil bocgod tnigrl for o hiul. I likve yetlto learn thlered is any disgrace in hoinest trade.' y Miss Cithreron smiiled onCe morne --a smile Srmore stinginig than wod?." , 'No doubt ! ?'o' hIrve ;.am tliings yet Sto learni ilanhi nite sore. "i'tor, tbl'your i ife' inlt, hoe v'e r ducat hlier 0oira may I be, it would .sound swecter ifl not Irised so a .1eiiakecr i? rin p hil, fort i Ibell is iglijng--drnuer os sa'i ui"? Unt.ri i then a 're' . " .er . d Still''. ithld ist insb!ont' .'shmn ti s lile bows low o?ice nlhe,- and iu her' gotl silk her f Spaninlilices? her diapond. sianl splcedour SMiss Ctther;.n sivept out of tie room:. Andtisis la?.aihel'e welcbnuahoii. . Just two hours afterthe ae nts narrated in utnrldst. ehipter, a ,young si"mnm came ivalkios briskly rip thre 10o' asivaer lhorn. in0g', e o ,h gredat'. bortico, entr.:nc of Cathiere iRvals,'i The' night 'we, Idirk, di uder thiarhiin oskikand elisis n'ot cCeiC the' stitrlight tshono; But :neithliti falrthe i ddrkn'ss noi lonrlidnelns ciared dtli? :-onlg inin. : With'his hi~ids in in hirgipodetsa Ii , went a!ong at a swingip g gpace,1 Wiiitlini Scheerily. lIe was very ...tiall o illired wsith a swasgger, yoI ioold irako :out: 1no more in the darkness. r. The great house. loomed up befiroe hiusi. ii huge, black, grand--a row of lightse ill Salong the first floor. i:Tihe young mean C stoppe~. his whistling and looked up, vith a smile not pleasannt to tee. y Four years sob,' ho asid beti.~'0i e his teethl, 'yon flnng me from iyoir doordlikea do'g, most noble b.ironet, and yt me sitre 1 to lodge me in Cliesholm gao!, if I~ fser presumed to coime h''h. I nek l'sAnd .I"r to i pay you off itl I eder, bhad ehlanes : l'o it night thechance las i come, thaiii iksto the girl who jilted nee You're a young mao of uncommonly iiig? stobaceh, my.baronet proud its the deucei ,ad. jealous as the devil. I'1 give your. pride ::ind ySyour jealousy a chan?ae to' show themselves to night. : ' (To be Continued.) ;1. ; 