SOME MORE "RESOLUTIONS" FROM THE LAMBs. lH. CQNFE.EB.NOfl."' HORSE REUNION. 11\. That, in the opinion of this Conference, the following articles supply a basis on which approach may be by God's blessing, made towards home reunion :- - (a) The Holy Scriptures of the Old and New "Eestu.uioi,ts, as a qo,ñíainin(f ^1P"things necessary for salvation," and 63 being the rule and ultimate standard of faith. (6) The Apostle' Grand, as to banMamal symbol a andthoNiQino Qroqd, 43 the suf. select statement of the Christian faith. (t>) The two Sacraments ordained by Christ Himself Baptism and the Supper of the Lord ministered with unfailing use of Christ's words of institution, and of the do strong ordained by Iljnj. s (d)" The Historic Episcopate, locally adapt ed in the methods of its administration to the varying needs of the nations and people's called of God into the unity of His Church. 12\. That this conference earnestly requests the constituted authorities of various branches of our communion, acting, so far as may be in concert with one another, to make it known that they hold themselves in readiness, to enter into brotherly conference (such as that which has already been proposed by the Church in the United States, of America with the representatives of other Christian communions in the English- speaking races, in order to consider what steps can be taken either towards corporate reunion, or towards such relation, as may prepare the way for fuller organic unity hereafter. 13\. That this Conference recommends 63 of great importance, intending to bring about reunion, the dissemination of information respecting the standards of doctrine and the formularies in use in the Anglican Church and rae laments that information be disseminated, on the other hand, respecting the authoritative standards of doctrine, worship, and government adopted by the other bodies of Christians into which the Eag-liah-speak ing races are divided. THE HOLT EASTERN CHURCH, AND THE ANGLICAN BISHOPS. 17\. That this Conference, rejoicing in the friendly communications which have passed between the Archbishops of Canterbury and other Anglican Bishops, and the Patriarchs of Constantinople and other Eastern Patriarchs and Bishops, desires to express its hope that the barriers to fuller communion may be, in course of time, removed by further inter- course and extended enlightenment The Conference commends this subject to the devout prayers of the faithful, and recommends that the counsel and efforts of our fellow Chris- trains should be directed to the encourage- ment of internal reformation in the Eastern Church, rather than to the drawing away from them of individual members of their communion. 18\. That the Archbishop of Canterbury be requested to take counsel with such persons as he may see fit to consult with a view to ascertaining whether it is desirable to revise the English version of the Nicene Creed or of the Quicunque vault. carried by 57 votes to 20.) THE BOOK OF COMMON PRAYER. A Parliamentary paper, published recently, contains the report of the Committee on the Office of the Clerk of the Parliaments as to the recommendation of the Committee, agreed to by the House of Lords that a collation with, or a transcript of the Manuscript Common Prayer Book, originally attached to the Act of Uniformity, might be made. As it is possible to photograph the book, the committee recommend that leave be given to photograph it, upon the condition that one facsimile only, and that one of the same size as the original book, be taken. As regards the process of photography, all the expense of which will be defrayed by the two Universities and the Queen's printer, the librarian of the House will have the custody of the book, the book will be photographed at the House of Lords, and will be locked up every night, and the librarian will be authorised to stop the work if the book shows signs of being in any way injured. A LONDON LETTER. Since my last letter was dispatched, the Encyclical Letter from the Bishops attending the Pan-Anglican Synod has been issued. 'It is not only dignified and statesmanlike, but also deeply interesting and providing much food for reflection and thankfulness. After the lists, of the Bishops attending the Conference there comes the letter itself, addressed " to the Faithful in Christ Jesus, greet- ing." Next we have the resolutions formally adopted by the Conference, with the number of votes recorded for and against the propositions; and finally the reports of the committees which, we are told in the letter, '- can only be taken to represent the mind of the Conference in so far as they are re- affirmed or directly adopted in the resolutions Lord Carnarvon has written and published a letter to the Archbishop of Canterbury, pleading for the opening of our town churches during the greater part of the day for purposes of private devotion and retirement. His Lordship's letter, with the Archbishop's cordial answer, appeared conspicuously in all the daily papers last week, and the old worn out arguments against the daily opening churches are being brought up again. I am reminded of an incident in a country parish in Lincolnshire, apropos of leaving of the village churches open by night. The sexton's answer to the remonstrance of the Rector against his (the sexton's) carelessness was " you don't think a body first goal in yon after dark P" Of course he referred to ghosts ! - The final' report of the Education Com- missioner has just been issued. The result of 4KQ years work, as it meets the eye, is a huge blue book of five hundred pages, which not many of us have had time to study at present. But it is now well declared that the tide has turned in favour of christian education in contradistinction to mere secular " stuffing." Churchmen will now have but to blame themselves if that form of elementary education, which his from the beginning been dignified by the grand title " national," does not do more than hold its ground. 