The Literary Circle. Since tie announcement in ont ceta&ms; of | thefonnatioaof the Bri^ane Biterarr Circle, the council of that society hare been busy | drawing up the plan of reading, which i* the | main pjrt of their programme, and " -! into shape for publication in the form of a pamphlet the ideas and objects of the society. | The neat Hole pamphlet jast issued sets ho*- the societv was inaugurated, and tions i and 3 sections 2 and 3 ot the resolutions pssscd at the first meeting gives the following statement of lie object and aim of the society, namely,— "That the aim of the organisation shall be to paomote habits of reading and stnay in all de partment of literature, and generally to s the development of intellectual "calti " That it is proposed to accomplish this by the I .ent of individual study in subjects, | id tiv the help of text boobs, which shall !indicated:' be indicated: by written reports sad examina tions ; and bv anv other methods which may commend th^nsdves to the members." The system tat lintinaty < down in the pamphlet is e pre » of reading for the remainder of and a coarse for next.year arranged l three months. It is assumed..thai • will be aide to give, say, 10 minutes daHv, at days a week, to the systematic resd ine'of boots entered for study in the syllabus. Memoranda or 'examination papers, to consist of questions upon the books read, will be issued every three months, and certificates will be | delivered to those who satisfy the ocancil their proficiency. Meetings of the mem" will he held from time to time, and it has 1 arranged bv the council that the first of 1 shall be on 1 on the river 1 readings from Shakespeare will afford an op Noviruber 17, when a short trip on the river by steamboat, and some open-air >m Shakesp portunity to the local members to become better acquainted with each other, and to unite in their common object. A form of for enrolment in the s societv is appended to each pamphlet, which appeals to men'and women of every class and calling, ana, it is asserted, that even the busiest of men and worn even the busies of men and women may with J advantage to themselves 30m In this under- I takings which cannot fail to widen the scope of their knowledge, and by enlarging^that culture, enhance t Madame Jules Favre has finished her trans lation into French of the whole of Emerson's writings, A translation of Tolstoi's "Power and liberty," a sequel to his "Napoleon and the Russian Campaign," is in the Press. . - A new and cheaper edition lkhei of Colonel G. B. 1 Battles of from 1746 to 1S49.'; Mr." T; Fisher Unwin announces for publica tion "The Paradox Club," by Edward Garneti, a novel dealing with London and Laadonlife. "England's Battles in the Peninsula" is the title of a new volume which Mr. Boscoe Morgan has in hand forMessrs- Dean and Sons* • Deeds of Daring Library." Mr. femes BasseU Lowell is about to pub lish a volume of his prose essays and addresses which have appeared fcj5.n1 time to rime during the past 30 years in the magazines and re views. . , The Atheruam is glad to hear from Madrid that the sister of Bleats is in good health. She is taking steps for the recovery of money in Chancery belonging to the grandfather of" ihe poet. "Le Drame Imperial," by M. Jean de Bannefoc, just * interest. It 1 the latel" _ ithat Press c L at the rime. Mr. Theodore "Watts is at work on a " Life of Bosetti." The bond of close friendship ■ and his subject,- and existed between the writer and his subject,-1 it is inferred that the volume will contain the fullest record oi the painter- poet and his work that has yet been given to the world ■ _• The lisi'iaaauicri'pt by tie late E. P. Boe ■ an anrobiogranhical sketch, in which he es nmv interesting anecdotes of h Tar in a as his title a phrase from one of Mr. Matthew Arnold's attacks on America, "A dsative Author called Boe," he improves the : all unfriendly critics. The results oi the University ot St-Andrews* LL-A- {women's) examination for the present rear have jast bren issued. Five hundred and iurv-rhree candidates entered for examination at 21 ditfereni centres- Taking a joint view cf aE the subjects in which candidates entered, passes were obtained hi 642 instances, and honours in 1-55. One hundred and twenty-six candidates pissed in; the full number oi sub jects required for the LL.A. diploma. From the comrnentemeni oi the scheme in 1577, 3,'-74 candidates in aS have been entered for this , and 633 have cammed the title. £ two liturgical ig: "Ee that wai bom in Bethlehem and reared no in Xazereth, who dwell in Galilee, we have seen his sim irrrn heaven. When the star ap* pelted, the shepherds watching in the were astonished Falling on their knees, the said, s Glory be to rise Flier, Alleluia: " be to the Son end to the Eoiv Ghost, " " " , AW.'" " AEeinia, Alleiiia.'"' And ie elder: "Ty ■5. St. Jr."—1 ie r?aptiet is cho=en, who h preached in all the "*irli rsrsmtm- fir ie remission of our sins." antse fragments 0: autipuous are eaiier ly two centuries man any ethers previously known. Upon the paheo gra-hinel characters ci :ir writing, styie or ecntracti- ers, art., Dts. M e—ly and Erall refer Use comment- to is third century, while " = aotsrinil chars. Dr. Ricked argues from the i ci the first fragment that this at least" —-T have come from a pre-Arian and a pre iperioL 