_'_ ROfUfH THE FURNAGCE W he hi "PO',pbi?jtd by spcjial ai'rogeCinliiCt tcfil the • .:;. '.- . ` " li t \- [oHfAPER V. (continued.); lo, Whien Ward was alone, and caughtt sight pa of hiiself inoa looklingglas,'-he was not c Eurprised taat his landlord had taken him to ,for a ghost, fo~r his hair wasnthickly streaked. b wish white, sad had grown very long, while of S"hiafidae could not have been paler had he fi been'dad. d :dMany people would have shown nioi feartthan the superatitions old High- d landerhad they known Ward before he die- h app r?ed and aseen him now,. Bat Sandy had a at one period of.his life been mate of a Duoied tl whalfe, .:tid Notth of Cope Worath he had N seen-many a ghost, when the first rays of si l-l' datvnwere strungling through the rents of t.eas id:riven misot. k 'it :.ts a little time before Ward was able t o cetlloch the- tumoltuose thooghtsa which 0i -b - -risen on heating the information that S"iix :b'thee given himi.' He was alwer S st. nately:in?cnsely thankful and wildly trium '. I u. t ,.War Whhnie thoigchtof the-iact that i the lealy oLeonly lballa day wonld have made i S:hib- too:late, and remembered the despair with'whidh he.hd.abando-ned his efforts for , bhio rieleyse he o hecamie more firmly con- , Sifided than:ever thatoit wos no, his imagina. .teidnalene, whieh?-? bteh him to hear that bf . etc i'gSvgice whichidad aroused 'him i?-? s::= ac.tion., . . , y :,i. eh?"?l - that lie had washed and ' in- " orlmo g had considerably ia v cd Ilhle? dirCef ris'elvod uopov ?what course he ought to pursue with respect to Faulkner, as his mind was still too unsettled to enable him to form any definite place, but he had already reoolved that, as soeen as he was in a fit ttte to appear out of doors, he would go to seek an interview with Ida. lHe felt that he had still difficulties to overcome, and he was eager to attack them. Bat now, with his mind fres from the terrible dread that had weighe- upon it, any obstaclt which he anticipated semted itsignificant when compared with what h hLd alrecady undergonr, and he seemed endowed with fresh strength, which braced him for all that stillr emainel to be done. His two tooms .com~ unica cd, ad he, found it. easyto ohb e"" -tawhihate et he needed, ash'bl'prbperty' ' t "ECa-H a-fe,. and juat as ho had left it. \- Abrnt half poat six be heard a hesitating, ikeai at his door, and in reply to his invi. tatitin;?.Comne in," the door slowly opened and andy MacLoaun' head app:ared. ',-)e are rstill here!"' he.Isid is a voice. -whiel?btokened surprise. "bees' repliedl Ward, "drind I -should be :.much :obliged if you could get- me tome bhieskfast." - "Ye are welcome, if- ye can cat it," was' siandy's reply, and then he disiippeared. a For the first time for many a day Ward Sfelt a strong inclination for food. Half anu Sher later Sandy MacLean reappeared, bring Sing breakfast: - 'it"Peggy's nr up yet,"he explained, "aU' ..I'd!dna want to 'waken her; for If she saw 'y -he mse might be feared cot of her wits, an' - the body his na t?at moony tae lcsi." \- - -. -di-cig to his rautical.experience, Sandy ; i o?'s bbth to ecokand lay a'table, i af S r? e bhd left the ioem Ward eat down and : enjoyed a hearty breakfast. By.and.bye_ Sail?y returned; and .going forward, hq :doolly lifted- the cover from i dishs and leooked in. " "Ye bl? esten a' thebacon,"-her obhervtdi and then oiising the lid of the tin teapot he continud; d an' ye hbe .drucken a' the. tea; an' ye hbae eaten half the loaf, an' the ftck o' the bntter. If ye can stow away a- bxeal I"Bst ike that, I'm thinkin' ye a:e one gla sr ;" iabntsa Christian ike mysel' I Sze. gi'o S'ie a grp "o' jer lean', my mon; and let me "'welcome ye ba'k tae the lard b' the leevin'." " ?iid Sandy, with sew doubt still lingering in his big, honest, sta!.like eyt sgave Ward's hand ad bi-ito, r siqnce"e. - At that mmrant Peggy made her appear= once;, and sbhe falsified' her husbandi' . opinion cf her bji showing "no fear at all, ut .only:great pity and surprise, as she said in a voice of motherly cohcern "- ear mel "'Ire Ward, can it really be o'-.:? that we a' thocht hal rmet w' sich an . awful efd i But pair;, ybng man; the S, warld liEnasoorely been treatin' ye- verra Yi?' ?l1l'ow Hdwsomerer, if ve'll j!st let me S-vn'?oanif.he eorner.sand brhng lIr. Pencod3 :' thebarber'cI csak'nrn' daot that he'll. ivork .- - n-eiproremanet on ye.' "qh a"? ln yeo, oIra. 3aeLean," replied ard'. i ? ithaI' s exactly what I have been " sebing for:" W"then ?he had gone Sandy observed iu a \- dontemptuoas tone- - - . ' "Jist like a iumman I Ye wee, her first \- thoht is fZrenxtairnal imrarvement." - S - The, as if to prove thst in this respect he diffoced -from. his-nife, Sandy went away, and oeturned. bringing with him a whiskey \- oi6ttle and soree hot water, with which le mixed a stiff compound, and settirg him.the ;eample, made Ward partake ef it, who awat -:glealy bdunefitted thereby, and he-gave his v- .d?onqolord a brief accovnt of his secape. \- .The barber sion arrived, and after pass Sing thriugh his hands, Ward's appearance S ahoeed a decided charge for the better. -. . - rlimehad p?seed so, qickly that it was ?.nowtiwfter rice o'clock. Ward asked for hie S iearritiangmateriale,and when he had used them he hinded a ecaled cnvelope to Sandy, say .fing, Can you undertake to deliver this to Mir. Faulkner!" - : : I daur asy," was the reply. : " Iwith -you to traut it to noone else, bCt S :to'oblige me by delivering it into aMr. Laplt-. -u ,.p t' asown hpade." c - IT :t "l(abidil bL y Scr directiohe." I . - I'Ttell him that it was who gaveyou tlii \- l?. ter to cariy to him." w \- I'll mind tae die that," replied Sandy : a. d i6n Ward telling him that he was acxr ionsthat it cahald ne dilivered soon, ihi : . old mai went off at once on his mission. .:': Th6kletterwas a brief one, and contained 'tnly tlhe following woods- ' "I haeis'ie l navevid...iflieient to con.ict y. , o?u both of mczzkmente altedicediarim, .and of you do cot learve Nothpcst within .rte aoure tfrem tLe receipt of this no?tioe, I shall take iincediate sh pa to have ybuo ar t-itac? en these charge..-'Tuoiias WARD." sThe teeeon Ihy he was giving Faulkner tlhiis o-ppor?ctuity cf tseape was that he 'srhed to ov?id tie scandal and notoriety Swhichrnuld attach to hias trial, and which :must to some extrent fall uton the Martins .a ?ell as upn himelf. He had reeotvedJ i hawver, to tske steps which would prevent t.:alksetr'leavio g the eoontiy with his ill S gottengain?e, \rhich he consdered as being really thepr-perty cf Mr. Martin and him selfl. A-s cn as he had atren Sandydepurt with the lettor, he wont out and hailed acab :in ordear 'Cd dirive to Mr:- Martln'a house, \- wdbiieh. ma soeme diotanceeoff, -C. • - r?ouV. - " . ieda" . -sii;i i L?ti d aIadyefr;end athying with her, who had joest sgected that it wamtime S `~aet her to'bin to put con her bridal ittire; -btaehe wans still de'ayieg, when a rteait eameto tell hoc-that a gentkmlna had. illed isho wTshed-to co lher. Te servant'-lia only bet.'tngaged for a few days. and he did psot( kcow 3Is. Ward, who, on beisg asked for his haine, had simply replied that Eo end come to ee LMii Mlartin on hubnsinete. When Ida entered the room n?a reWard :pot was, she stopped .asddenly'on' sein hlm, -a and. her lips panted if.amazement.. Then she'utteord a glad cry, .and the tlext'mq ago ment she was in his arms, and, with her - head lying upon his shoulder, shoe 'was sob- to bing as though her heart would briak' But in the tears that flowed fast from her beautiful til eyes,; and down her pale 'cheeke, were all tie tears of joy anud thankfulness. Till this timed. Ward had never spoken a word' of 1 love to her, .nor had 'a elnglo caress le passed between them, but now--eth his is love still unspoken - he was kissing her to hrowanud lips, and was prgsicg her tightl' rot to his breast; and Ida felt that the would be content always to remain in the embrace de of these dear arms, and nover hbe seveered from them again. The absolute separation, a which had eccmed to part them, had traoght de each of them ifow dear the ther was and be during all that separa a their' thoughts cc had been eoast?ly "' occupied with each lit .other, asesre nts to a degree that rc- cc settflhoa actual communion, so that now m they felt like lovers of long staudiog cc who had met after an absence that had sO seemed eternal. Even beyond this, Ida was at regarding him.as leer saviour from a fate ti s hith she dri.ded worse itkh death, nad he a. knew that hlie had come to rscue ther from C the'lif of misery to which she had been eon- re sig eed. " - - In Butnow, atlast, he was- tellieg. her:the depth of his love, and, in reply, sleo was o wlhipering that she had never loved- an- i otler, but that jt scem`ed as 'though her o heart had been always his. Thn, in a few b brief sentences, he inforlned he f c. aulk. oer's villainy, and expree?ed thibelief that 9 they could cever see him' aaip, s he wound e seek safety in. flight. ard, accOlnpanied t1 by Ida, now eonght Mr. Mari,. The old b man was naturally much sttcn;aenhed to be- ' hold his partner and- hils )ioler was scarcely less on aeeing that Wosardl Was hold- ? ing his daughter's hand with on apparent ease-'of prophletesahip, and'-tithat she ae:r' r?garding himn with an'enmiatakatble loin t of affection in her tear-stained face. Mr. Martin's surprise was mingled with dis- P pleasure, as he was of the belief that some elaborate deception had ben practised upon him. It was his daughter's marriage morn ing, yet here she was, when she ought to have had on her wedding dress, looking with eves filled with love upon a man who was not the bhidegrcoen, sad who had apI parently si-en from the dead I" "What is the maning of all this." de manded the old gentleman in a stern voice. No reply. Ward stepped forward, and gave him an account of all that had hap pened since they last met, including the proof -he poasgoted er'FanTIketna villainy. I Ward had aged considerably in appearance, I and, while he spoke in a n e;mared tone, both his look and voice sometimes recalled to Mr.-.Martin those of his father, and he was in cnsrencace the more deeply influ hnced by what he heard. But the cvldences of what Ward had recently suffered, and the circumstantial nature ef his ancount, were in .themselves sufficient to gain his belief. In addition to this, the lones which the firm h"ad sustained in recent yeais, together with Fauknecr's acquisitiona f wealth, were ac i nted for, and Mr. Martt?nwlas now prone to believe the explanation. After hearing i Ward to the end of what he had to say, blr. Martin produced a letter, and then showed I the effect which the information had upon him by saying to his daughter "We must always he grateful to MIr. Ward for say:vg us from the dishonor which, t without his intervention, this day would have brought upon us." 0n hearing this, Ida flung herself eptn her father's breast, encircling his neck with e: her arms. She did not weep, nor utter a ' word; but, as he felt hsr tremble convul. sriely, he realised for the firt time the nature of the sacritee which she had been it willing to make for him." e "I am now a poor man," continued Mr. Martin, addresinag \Vard, "and, in order * to prove my gratitndr, I must give you all that I-have left in the world,"--and as he sO said this I.e pi.ce his daughter's hard in , Ward's-" though it is tut a-slight prco! of tmy generosity," proceeded Mr. Martin, smi ding sadly. to givee you what I believe has lone been y)urs. I., While t!.e lovers talked lowly together, l-.Mr. Martin sat downat'a table, and wrote a c -brief letter, which he enclosed in an vel ope, and addrested. "-I intend," he.said, "fo. senl this to. Faulkner, to inform him of the decision to which I.have come." e " It is not likely to reach him," replied i.Ward. "as I have already warned him; and i told him he must take refuge by flight. My only season for not at once delivcripghim up Ssto justice was to save you from the publicity " in -hich kou ?nould be involved bysybeing ronnected with his arrest .ti-day, and 'lsao with his EubErquent trial and eonviction." "Ini some mattere," replied :Mr. lMartfo,' \- "you hayv pirced.yoursel more sagacioues than myself; but, in year cenclasion.that Faulkner will 'try to esccpe. I am nearly. carta;n that you.are in error. As you are aware, he is a man of co^eiderahbe 'means, and toe as large sums inves!rd in ra.icus ' secciritife, many of tiem.in thistowa, none of which ca'tli po:eitly bl renlived ?t short notice. Altonrgh I <o ntt now dioubt that' e he first obtained poJsessicn of eslpital by de fracding the firm, he did not, as you seem to' imagine, obtain all or nearly all his mcihey in 'that way,; because,'to my certain knowledge, he has made a great deal in ec veral euccesrful .peculatiors. Now, even if he had no other reason for remaining, he will never go away leaving this 'ealth li. Biind him. No ; Ihi will stay and defend s him'self'from any chaiges that may be 0 brought against him'. Oring to the ability of the man. and 'hi craflt and crin:e which ° younhive dioclcssd, althoigh I do not know what there'is new to be afraid of, I believe we have ieason still to dread lhsm. Unlrs your proof he of the most cogent kind, I feel he Will almost manage to eseape jue tice;" T - ' " Ward was abOut to reply, when a servant came to tell- Mr. Martin that Mr. '-anlkner hid'called, and deiirtd to see hiem. The two gentlemen exchanged asignificant glances. S"Give him that," asid Mr. Martin, hand ing ip the ervrint the letter, which hehaid jet written, "and tell him that I am un able to speik to him." "I aall go,"said Ward, as anon as the man had left the room, "and let him hear what my opinioofhn him s." "No, no," entalmed Ida,- clasping -her lover's as m;"he hla already neasly alled yoe, and I cansot treaust yaou again beside him." SEsger as hewalrtoconrnet the aoGundr.l, SWard Wa anableto withdraw himself from I the dcligiug aim that detained him. "As Faulkner arwailted Mr. Martin's appear ance, he was slightly paler than saval, bat there was to sign of alatm in his expreston; on the- contrary, his lips were firmly com. p" edg and his eyte'ahowed moradetrrDina; tlon than nral, He heard unmoved the Smessage which Mr. Martin had ent sandl thibn he oened hee d e letter, and read as followi:, \- . ,Sir,--Owin to certaininformatios which I' hae :reteircd frm Mr. Wayd, i toaidd elioe to:pnrmit my danghter io marry yaou. Yoa *tl, therefore, consider the marr~iage as h flnailly lbioken cft. IMydaughter herself-will Srrelee ader' any ciareumstneces to-aee you. SAs' l'idertanld that Mr. Ward lay already 4i mcoaunricted *ith you, you will be:at no d lES'to ctmiprtiehend the motives irch h have d caniead my decision.-Yours, ., " • ; HENRY MASoTcrn.e When he had read tibis, Faulkner coolly folded this letter agaisi, and lput it into his. pocket Then he said. to theo grd ? hoh was waiting 1b open the door ot himnt "Tell Ilr" Martin that I'will'call up him again to-morrow." " .' -Onlp a very few guests had been exl etcd to ?Ie."?edding. and Mr. Martin was ocpid in writing brief notes to inform the ,hat b the ceremony would not tabke place, -hen I the svrvrt brought Faulkner's m' song . '. Ylonse,"hesaid, addresing Vrtl, that f I was right in thinking that he wo?n jnot n leave Sorthport. The informatiOn't ~the is coming again to-morrow is meant, if mis. e lake not, for )ou no less than for mys? and t etands for adefiance I" I "If he remains, I shall keep my woo ind p deliver him up to justice." "" And it is only right that you iei ld, " said Mr. Martin, rising and pacing t n e ddwn ini a state of greater ee to thani he had s'i sove already eaid,' contrinucd the old man, " I bive implicif be. b lief in all your statements. This man,n 6t content with plundering me, has burntilown b my property, and as he has the means to re coup me for my lcsser, it is only just that he should be compelled to disgorge his bosty,. I ani destitute ; though I'am still ltvtifg itO this house, it is no longer mineranrd I hiave not 'penny in the world of my own. "Itis- t c0ntrart to justice that Faulkner should remain ntarrested, and not be compelletd o repair-the injury he has donomet" . t It did not escape Ward's notice that the old merchant seemed much' more anxious that lre should be recoupdd for his loss 6not. of Feulklners gains than that the law should. be vindicated by the crimioal's punishmnft " adid in Mrt. Matin's nervous agitation'aand querulous voice, he thoughit he could perdaito esidenfces of that weak, ease-loving natuite; through' which h)l had first neglected' his biusines, and had- afterwards been thought: lessly willi. to make a eacritite of his danrhter. Yet, Mr. Martin p:ssessed irany redeeming pointo, He was of a quie;,'p eae ful disposition, and was an -atfictionto father, Ie swas a man of corsiderab-lcul_. " t?ur, and his etiracter was held by his friiiids to be singularly aim'alde. ' WarJwas not dia posed to attach much blame to him, for, as he looked at tie old man's refined features, he could trace in them an unmista'able re semblance to Ida ; but inherlorer'sopinion, and, in reality, the daughter, without the father's failings, possessed all his good quail. tics, and many virtues to which he could lay no claim. In reply to what Mr. Martin had given as his opinion respecting Faulkner, Mr. Ward said " We agree in thinking that he ought to be arrested. As soon as the three hours, which I named in my letter to him, have passed, I shall go to the-police'7staton sn? give the information I possess of his guilt."-. Ward stayed to an early lunch'and as he was leaving the house he' told Mr. Mkrtin that he intended to go at once and secure Faulkner's arrest. - - On his arrival at the police station, he-wa conducted into the presence of the. Super. intendent. The Superintendent was a tall, gaunt individual, with grizzled hair and cltarly shaven cheeks and chin. He was about sixty years-of age, though he might tave passed for ten years less. The storydf Ward:s rc-appearance had already. spread through Northport, and had reached his ears, so he looked sharply at Ward when he en ttred the room, and, with raised eyebrows, listened attentively to all be had to ray. The Superintendent was a man of great intel. ligence and superior education; he had a cynical humour, which entered into many.of h'e.remarks. Now, the sudden disappear ance of a man, followed some time afterwards by a mysterious re-appearance, are circum?-a stances which do not prepossess thepolice in Shis favor, and the Sape;intendent was not exempt from the prejudices of his class, of which he was no more than a typical speci --l men of the best order. "Of course," lihe said, when Ward. had finished what he had to tell, "you haoe r brought this( papers which you say conta'n the proof of embezzlenent." " I have not; I left them behind it the cellar." .- That is a pity, because without them there is at present -really no proof at all. You demand Mr.n Faulkner's arrest, who 'will doubt!tes declare his innocence, and what -proof have I that he'is not right and Syou are wrong f To piE this thing mildly, Mr. Ward," and the Superinteantent gave a rather sceptical cough, " it has happened ere now that men, who have keen suubjected to such'lerrible hardships as those which you have eidured, have conceived strange fan. Scies, which have ultimately proved ground less. " If Mr. Martin himself, now, had came here and on oaith had testified to the same matter as -yourself, that would haovebeen s tti?ient for me, but according to your own: obowing Mr, Martin had no suspicien that . hehtid Lien defrtaued till yu oihfromed him of the fact; With- respet toothe charge of incendiarism, I haec no.prcof eithir, exccpt your-unsaupported anortiobn. Unless you bring the papers to which yod hade referred; and also Mr. Maritin, to give his evidence on ' them, I candonothing." ' e I shall :endeavor to do this,". replied Ward. - .- .. ' There is only one thing l.wish to add be. fore you go,' said the Superintendent, speak. inge in a more-severe tone, ." and .that is that you acknowledge -yout have endea. s voted to thwart the ends of justice by tell. ing a man, whom you believed to be guilty, to escape. That fact, Mr; Ward, and the circumstance that Mr. Faslkner -has disre garded your warning, and continues to re= main in .Northport, ar,. in nmy opinion, strongly in hh favor." : ltfore Ward had time.to reply, Faulkne himself entered the reom. It would have been hard-to fir.d a cooler and more collected Sihnlifi ual than Superintendent Qrosby, but on Faulkner's appearance he visibly started; Sad then he fixed his keen 'glance upon , Ward. : " I desire to be sworn, in order to give.an information," said Faulkner,.before anyone tad time loapepk. .e _ -.. : He was accordingly sworn; ati} J hab said 