I&ovelist.; DAYS OF CRIME AUD YEARS OF SUFFERING AS Autobiography* Beprintedfrom " The Australasian" tf 18S7 by special permission-) CHAPTEB yr^TK.—(Continued) "Bat enterprise begets competition, and originality leads to imitation. Thus it was that a fellow named Rough. under seutence to two years, took it into his head to do a little agency business fora mere ordinary turnkey, and was fast pocketing all Fenton'scash ; and what was more embarrassing still, was getting quite familiar with the • mysteries' of the establishment. It therefore became im- perative to- remo ve Bough, and Bough was accordingly removed to another gaoL Sonic few days after Rough's removal, very early one morning a letter was" brought to the gaol gates, addressed to the sheriff. . The letter was brought into the gaol office. I took it from the turnkey who handed it in, and as soon as I glanced at the superscription I. walked over with it to Mr. Palmer's desk and said—' Bough's writing— dangerous.' Mr. Palmer made no reply. He looked at the letter for a minute or two, and then, placing it before me, walked out of the office. I knew well enough without being told what 1 had to -do, and so, without any hesitation, I opened the letter and read it. As I expected, it contained a tirade of abuse against myself, and along statement in reference toFentou's money. I copied the heads of the letter, and then, enclosed it again quite artistically. Mr. Palmer shortly returned to the office, and I placed my extracts before him. He was quite bewildered as to the steps to be taken, and suggested the advisability of burning the letter. I saw Miia would not" answer, for if Bough heard nothing more of his communication he would be apt to speak to the sheriff on his first visit and this might lead to awkward inquiries. I therefore advised that the letter should be left at the sheriff's office, along •with a lot of other papers, before the sheriff arrived, and then the sheriff would not be in the least aware that it had ever been seen in gaol at all As I always pretended to the prisoners in making bargains -with them that the money was kept in an -iron safe in the office; of which I possessed a duplicate key, and that it was I who was yunning a desperate risk in taking it out, Mr- Palmer's name was never mentioned ill any bargain that I made with Fenton. If. then, Fenton should be called and examined by the sheriff; I saw clearly enough that if even he told the truth{aB the truth seemed, to. him), the sherifi would detect a lie npoń the very face of the story, fhe balance of money property due to the man was entered in the prisoners' cashbook, and Mr. Palmer would of course Bay that he stall held it, to be disposed of os the Government might direct. Just what I had anticipated really happened. The sheriĄ w the course of the morning, came down to the office, and told me to go opt for, a few minutes, as he wantedto speak to the gwler. Out I walked accordingly, and in a few minutes Fenton was sent for- He was in with the sheriff for some minutes, and then the sheriff went himself away, and Fenton was locked up. Fenton's statement was (to all appearance) BO evidently a fabrication that the sheriff listen to it I amnotsuie, bat 1 believe Bough was punished for mnViiig a malicious statement The only «vO^resulting from thiB fellow's ofiuaousnesswas the IOBS of the money. ' I am happy, however, to be able. to assure the reader tiut, through my admirable arrangements andveiy judi- 01008 management tliat these losses occurred but seldom. Pardon tliis self laudation; ^t is really my due. * "I believe Charles Lamhrwas not only a very good author, but a very good clerk into the bargain. But, nevertheless, as a role, literary aspirations and clerical duties don't very well harmonise. I do not assert that a literary clerk has of necessity a tendency »to jjen a stanza when he should engross, * but I know from my own experience that.it is very difficult to be correct in making out accounts when there exists in the mind any tendency to the poetic. Everybody knows that I have mathematics enough to pass an examination, and yet somehow- in that Tipton Gaol I never could be correct. " It was the practice of the gaoler to purchase on belialf of the Government, for the use of the establishment, wood, lime, &c.; The vendors o£ these commodities, so long as they got the moiiey for which they sold, were perfectly willing to sign anything. Icannotsayhowithappened that I was always extremely busy whenever any purcliase of this kind was made, and when the vendors entered the office to sign the voudier" which had -to be for-, warded to the treasury, I usod (being in a hurry) to say, 'Here, just sign it blank ; 111 fill it uiafterwards.' 'What fatal mistakes I used afterward to make, to be sure/ If it was a common cart-load of wood that cost thirty shillings, when I came to make out the account 1 was almost certain to remember it as a waggon-load, for which three pounds! had been paid. If twenty bushels of lime were purchased at five shilKugs a bushel, under the influence of some chronic disorder of die mind the transaction figured in the account as thirty bushels at seven and sixpence. The receipts appended to thtse accounts had to be witnessed, but as it -was so very troublesome to be calling someone into" the office every now and then for the purpose 1 allowed them to remain until there were several which required witnessing, and then Mr. Palmer introduced a turnkey, who was unable to read, but who could write his own name, to witness the payment of the money— not the actual payment, but just what happened to be written down, and (hen, after obtaining the sheriff's signature to the accounts, Mr. Paimer walked off to the treasury and received the money. " All Government business, as far as I am acquainted with it, appears to be done in a manner which seems to declare plainly enough that every officer in the service has a tendency to he dishonest.. Whąt a vast amount of clerical detail, what duplicate and triplicate returns, what signing and counter- signing, what auditing in this office and checking again in that, and yet how really impotent are all these expensive safeguards to guard against rascality when rascality is resolved upon. I should like td^aow who, among the host of officials through whose hands Mr. Palmer's accounts passed, ever discovered the fact that Mr. Palmer was doing the Government brown. " Another profitable source of income wasthe transfer of prisoners to other estab; lishments. There were some places to which the prisoners liked to be sent, and others which they were anxious to be kept away from. The power of selecting the men was in a great measure in Mr. Palmers hands, and I must say that this power was always exercised with the nicest discrimination, for the right man was sure. to go to the risrlit place, which assertion 1 simply signifies that the man who could pay was sent to the place deemed good, and the man who could not pay to the : place reputed to be bad. " In connection with these payments I have to declare a fact and to relate an auecdote. Firstfor the feet. It was often asserted by certain malevolent-minded persons that Mr. Palmer was a proud man. This I deny. It is true that he liad an air of dignity peculiar to himself in the manner in which he transferred to liis waistcoat pocket the £5-notes which I was accustomed to place upen his desk ; but I declare most solemnly, that so humble was he in the estimate he formed of his own value, that he always received with a thankful spirit tlie modest offering of half-a-crown. ItwSs with fear and trembling that I at first ventured to present so insignificant a sum for his acceptance ; but the great good man sfliiled benignly upon the gift, and proved his merit by his modesty. Am I not right, then, in declaring that Sir. Palmer was not a proud man ? Now for the anecdote. There was a new establishment to be opened in the vicinity of Tipton, and Tipton Gaol was to transfer to it some thirty or forty prisoners. Through my agent, tie barber, this news was very quickly disseminated through the prison ; and on the day after its promulgation I presented myself in thelabor-yard for Hie purpose of receiving' tenders. I asked one if lie could cook, another if he could look after a horse, a third if he understood waiting at table, and thus, without any direct assertion of mine,. it was understood that I was seeking for men to fill the billets in the new prison. Candidates innumerable presented them-, selves, but I told them they were mistaken ; all I sould promise was that they should be sent, and as to being placed in a billet, why they must take their chance, though, as a matter of course, those who went first would doubtless,be selected. I was in the yard something less than an hour, and on leaving it Iliad the names of twenty applicants, and the sum of £4.6 in my pocket.. The men were all Bent, and ten other amies were also inserted on the list. . Among these ten names was the name of Aaron Dutch. Th>s name was seen by the barber, who used to sweep the office out, and he very naturally told the man he was going. Aaron was a cute fellow, and so bethought he might be able to work a dodge. He sent to me to say that he wished to speak to me. Iaccordingl^ went to the iron- railed gate of'thiB yard in which he was confined, and calling him to it asked him what he wanted. He said he wantedane to send him: with the other men to theother place, and that he would give meijK.He took a £5-noteout of fate pocket and asked me if I had three sovereigns to give him. ' J directed him to wait a minute, and hack I went to the office and obtained ihe money. On returning to the gate Aaron etill had in his hand the £5, and as I passed the three sovereigns to him he passed the note to me. Without looking at the note I: placed itlje£oreMr. Palmer, wIio was flitting at his desk, bnt when fie came, to look, sat It he fonnd it was only a worthless flash* note. I was ierriblv vexed-atbemg outwitted, and. although AaronVuame was, in the retnms.I determmedto makethem outja<*ain and subsl jtutejuiother name for hu* I.first went tollimaud toldhun thai stones were being broken at «. shilling » yard in the gaol,and thatunlese Jic liiuded me back the jnoney hc S'ould bedelamedjn Tipton Gaol until hphad broken iisty yards <;f stone. He only laughed at me, and said he knew very well that his name was second on the list, and that he was going without payment at all." - The balance of my friend's Tipton Gaol experiences I must reserve for another chapter, CHAPTER XXX. PRISON* MTSTEMES (cOSTEsUED.) ' I returned to Mr. Palmer, and felated to him what the fellow had said, and I represented that it would, in a business point of view, be. veiy impolitic to suffer Aaron to go, as it would lead other men to think that, after all, paying didn't seeni in the least necessary. With Mr. Palmers' concurrence I sat up that night and made out' a fresh return, in which the name of Aaron Dutch did not appear. \- '' The very day the men were called outit so happened that the sheriff visited the yard, and Aaron, exasperated at his disappointment, complained to the sheriff that I had threatened to keep him in the gaol unless he paid mc £5 to be sent elsewhere. Mr. Palmer was present, and he informed the sheriff that Iliad nothing to do with the selection of ..the men, as he always made the list-out himself. The sheriff took no notice of the complaint, and Dutch was not sent away for some weeks. " I have now to speak of an-event which grieved mc very much. It soon became know to the prisoners that all busiuess had to be done through the ' dark.' If a man wanted .a visit from -a friend, the ' dark' was appealed to." If a billet was .required it was the' dark' who was f ee'd. If there was any money in the office it was the.'clark' who was spoken to about it. In brief, every kind of crosswork that was required to be done had to pass through the hands of the 'clark.' " One day a message came to me from a man named Batty, informing me that he would give me five pounds to send him to another station. 1 immediately went to the man and assured him that on receipt of the money he should be transferred. He told mc that hę had no money with him in the prison, but that heSvouldsend word out and get it. He accordingly sent a note to some girl with whom he had been living, directing her to give the * claik' of the gaol £o to have him (Batty) sent to some better place. This note was delivered by a dis charged prisoner; and the house at which it was delivered was a brothel. The girl, after read ing the note, threw it down upon the table. A few minutes afterwards the detective police had occasion to pay a visit to the brothel, aud one of them took up the note and read it. Seeing in it that 1 the gaol ' dark- had to be bribed, they determined to make the experiment themselves. With this view they got a person who was not known at the gaol to stop the free clerk of Tipton Gaol as he was leaving for home, and mame him the offer of £5 if he would send Batty to another establishment. " The next morning the free clerk asked me (he knew very little of the business himBelf) it there was a man of the. name of Arthur Batty in the ga jl. I told him that there was, and he then asked me if I could oblige him by inserting bis" name in the next list of transfers. 1 answered that I could easily do it if he wished it. . • " So more was said. I thought in my own mind that Batly'sfriends had arranged with the free derk in the matter, and I was really glad, as the man had a large family, that he had the opportunity of obtaining a trifle. He was'a very gentlemanly man, and was not in any way concerned in the doings of Messrs. Palmer, Sawyer, aud Co., although, being shrewd, he judged that things were not exactly on the square. The next morning the free clerk entered the gaol offices as pale as a ghost. He was very much excited, and walked backwards and forwards in the office without speaking a word. ; Af last, turning to me, he said—* 1 am completely ruined; whatmypoorfamilywilldoldon't know. God help me M'm an unfortunate man.'...._... " He then went on to tell me that on the preceding -evening he had accepjted a _£5-aote from a person who represented himself to be related to the prisoner, Arthur Batty, which sum was given him •with tjsc understanding, that he was to send Batty away as soon as possible to some other station ; that the person who handed the money to him was in reality a police agent, acting with the sheriff's concurrence, And thai the sheriff had himBelf witnessed, from some windon, the transaction.' ' 1 -have been sent for by the sheriff this morning,' said the poor clerk ; 'and there is a ngte in his possession which, officially referring to me as the gaol clerk, leads linn to the conclusion that I am accustomed to accept bribes. He would but told me he liad. no alternation but to dismiss me at once.' ; Indeed, indeed, I was heartily sorry for the poor gentleman, as he stoodbefore me so evidently distressed in mind at his position. He was', well connected ; had been once » merchant.in Belfast, I pitied him" much because I ; knew well enough that he had never received a sixpence from anyone hefore by way of a bribe. In facVhe had "no power whatever m Tipton Gaol to make it worth anybody®'while to bribe farm. He lived in an atmosphere of corruption, aud he knew it ; -and though,: perhaps, not venal -by disposition,. tys surroundings served to prepare him to yield to the temptation, when the temptaiion was set before him. ' "i--' ... -_*-]. i. " I' soon discoveied that the same weakness of character -which had led the friee derk-to accept the bribe had also allo wed bim to make use of moneys which he had officially received, and I confess that ! then commiserated his misfortune the i2bth<3ay of the'month (I remember it well) when 1 his dismissal' took place. and he then . had in his possession: all' the money he liad received from prisoners and other sources -dumę; the month, as it was his practice to settle with . Mr- Palmer on the last day -of each«ionlh. The amount that, at the time óf liis dismissal, he . was indexed to the fool ttas jiptvards of £50 and'he. had nofc^a sixpence to pay it with ' Palmer was not in a position to quaoel with him, so he accepted a pronru Fswy-note for the sum. and signed the accounts as if he had actually received the -pwney. E saw the free derk some .Ume*fiterfflMds, svheii he was carrying an business for himself, and he tiipn told me that he had never |)aid Mr. :Paliner*-6ix! pence, aud A«rer intended to so. "The force of example is great, and, therefore, it is not very surprising that the turnkeys.of Tipton Gaol were many removes from being immaculate. Tbey had not, it is true, ,hy any means a ^thorough knowledge of Mr. Palmers character, but they knew something of his proceedings, and suspected" a great'"-deal more. No wonder then that they were anxious to do a little business on their own account, without any distressing qualms of conscience as to whether it were legitimate or not. ' " Mr. Palmer, however, aimed at a monopoly; and no one could have studied more to keep his subordinates in the path of rectitude than he <^id. Sccure himself, he made a point of hunting down others the instant he became aware that thej^ were trespassing on his domain. Two cases of dismissal I well recollect. . " The first was that of a man namęd Worth!. . He was attached to the laboryard of-the prison, and for some time had managed to carry on a very profitable business with the prisoners. On Sir. Palmer> behalfIsold tobacco at 18s. the pound ; but Worth, as far as the laboryard-was concerned, drove me out of the market by selling a pound of tobacco and a box of matchcs for 15j. Could this be tolerated 1 Mr; Palmer declared not. * That man,' said Mr. Palmer, with a glow of virtuous indignation, ' that man must be-detected. 1 - " That man was a married man with a family, and I was not so callous-hearted as to fancy the job which Mr. Palmer's emphatic ' that man must be detected' pointed out for me to perform. I intimated my disinclination to the task of detecting llr. Worth, and so Mr. Palmer siid he would take the matter into his own hands. " Two days afterwards the head turnkey was called into the officc, and Llr. Palmer told him that Turnkney Worth (according to information given) was'-in the liabit'jof taking away from tlie gaol any portable article of Government property that came within his reach, and ttiat j On jthat very night he was going to smuggle out a couple of quarts of lamp oil. And again Mr. Pahiier pronounced the fatal words, ' that mail must be detected.' •'And detected he was. As he was leaving the corridor of (he gaol he was stopped "by the" head turnkey, and two bottles of the Government lamp oil were fouud in.the pockets of his over-coat. Mr. Palmer" recommended his dismissal, and dismissed he was. The same week I disposed of thirty pounds of tobacco to the tnen in the labor yard ! "But 1 liave not quite done with Mr. Worth yet, A few days after his dismissal he presented himself at tlie gaol, was introduced to Mr. Paliiicr's parlor, and on leaving it took with him a recommendation, to the corporation of Tipton, and through it was appointed as an overseer by some municipal officer. " The other case of dismissal was altogether of my doing. The work was cut out for me by Mr. Palmer, and I was stimulated to its performance by- a personal animits. "The turnkey's name was Blackbird. I had known for a long time that he was engaged in 'cross-wort,' and I had sometimes employed* him myself to do little errands for the, always paying him liber* ally for his trouble. On one occasion I happened to see a gold watch advertised for sale, and as I had some few pounds by me, which I had earned from the thiefadvocate, Mr. Sawyer, I got Blackbird to call and see the watch in order tliat I inight.pnrcliase.it if it were a good one, and cheap. Blackbird's report being favorable, I handed him £12 to pay for it, that being-Tthe price* demanded. The day after Blackbird told me that he had been drinkiug at a public-house and had lost the money out of his pocket. \ This story I did hot believe, and I gave him to understand that he must either bring me the watch or the money. He declared *that hewould do neither, and dared me to speak about it. Six weeks passed away and Blackbird Estill had the money. So long had I been passive, but it was time to act. I got to find out, through my agents, that there was a man in the yard for -whom Blackbird was in the habit of carrying out notes. It so happened tliat it* f was one of theBo agents who wrote the notes, aud so I sent word to him to say that I should 'like to see the next note before it was given to the turnkey to take it out. The note was accordingly sent to me, and was to the following, effect. . 1 don't pretend to give the exact . words, but merely the purport:— " ' Dear friend,—The stuff came to me safely, and I now want a fin and some strikes. The bloak acts on the square, and you must sling him well for me. He tells me that Tom will mount for mc, but I am afraid to-have him. I'm gallid he'd settle me instead of turning me up. Give the fin and the strikes to the bloak, and tell him all particulars. - i'. ... " +-' " I distinctly remember that tlie note was signed.with a cross, but the name of the person to whom *it'was- addressed I cannot recollect. It was, lnwever, as I learned -from my agent, to be given to the. .barman of ihe Ship Inn in the first instance. : ",I made 3Ir. Palmer acquainted with the circumstances óf the case,'-and he proposśd having the turnkey -searched as he was leaving the gaol. I. objected to this, as. after all, the note mightnot be found, and Blackbird would;; that case be always on his guard. J. suggested that .tbs head turnkey-should go to the Ship Inn in plain clothes, and tell the barman that he was instructed to call for the note, and that he wished to know where he could find the person by whom it was left. I pointed out that his after proceedings would have to be determined by the barman's answer. It might happen that the pariy named actually lived at the Ship Inn, or, peihaps, would be really there when the head turnkey called, and in sdch: a case a dilemma would arise. But I told Mr. Palmer that I was pretty certain,. Irom all I had heard, that the .party to ! whom the note was addressed would call there in the course of the evening to meet the turnkey, who conducted the business for his; imprisoned friend, rfftips were the case, the baflnan would merely say he had received no note, and the liead turnkey Tvould reply, f-Gh, then, I'll step into the parlor, and when the note is brought yea can fcnng it to me, and -tell, the bearei^to wait in the bar till I : come out. '---i-.r. ••• j; "My suggestion was adopted, and to the Ship Inn tlie -head turnkey repaired in the evening as soon as tbi* lock-up^n the prison vras uver. n "Eierythiag ^happened precisely as I expected, '''Thę bead turnkey took s scat k in the parlor, and blackbird, lialf-au-hour afterwards, presented the note at the bar," and there remained until—to his consternation—the head turnkey walked outof the parlour and said to the barman—'Is this the gentleman who brought the note ?' The barman replied in the affirmative, and Blackbird, with, I've no doubt, a veiy sheepish look, said that he was 'sold.' "The head turnkey reported progress to Mr. Palmer, and Mr. Palmer, when Blackbird appeared at the gaol gates the next morningj refused to admit him. _ " It was, 1 daresay, a : mystery to some people how I maraged to dress myself in so expensive a style; how, instead of having an iron chain upon my legs, I sported a gold one round my neck ; how, in plaice of having a watch over me, I carried a gold .osie ill Say pocket J "Jiow, too, the usual order of things was so reversed, that "when turnkeys addressed me they called me Mr. GreenVand tliat I in addressing them exhibited more brevity and less politeness. It was a mystery to the prisoners how some men who never seemed to work at all were liberated, on the reward labor-system, weeks before the completion of tlteir sentences. It was a mystery fo me how the higher officers of the Government could possibly ,b'e; ignpraiit of Mr. "Jfahher's character, and that no searching "investigation "was ever made into the system (known to half the world) which prevailed at his estab- lishing. Lastly, it is still a mystery to use how, with such surroundings aud such examples, it can hi expected that a prisoner confined for any length of time in such a-.i;iii|«tutiou as Tipton-Gaol _ęan be returned to the world otherwise "than twenty degrees worse than he entered it." Such lyjej-e, jfchie experiences of David Green. I have heard it stated, that shortly after the publication of Nicholas Niddcby, Mr. Dickers received a host of- remonstrances from Yorkshire schoolmasters, who insisted on recognising in Dotheboysliali their own particular -establishment, and 'in Whackford Squecrs a portrait of thbmselves. I should not be suq>rised if more than one or two gaolers should fit the cap on their own heads, but they are not likely to commit the indiscretion of wearing it in public. CHAPTER XXX.L . FAME ĄKD INFAMY. • I : have a conviction that there is in human, nature a sort of magnetism by which the opposite poles of feeling attjact each other. This history owes its origin to such a belief. Had I been pious and virtuous, would you, my good reader, have cared about my experiences ? No; of course you wouldn't! You have quite a redundancy of piety and virtue of your own, and being perfectly familiar with the state of feeling which is ever the concomitant of these attributes of tlie soul, you wouldn't give sixpence for all that I could say on the subject. - But, being what I am, iny.experiences are a different thing. You are quite sure that they are something altogether exotic to anything you have known yourself; and thus, obedient to the magnetic principle above referred to, you are forcibly attracted by the title of my reminiscences, and long. for a glimpse of a phase of life so veiy dissimilar to those through which you have yourself passed. Now the action of the moral idiosyncracy, if such it may be termed, might be traced in a variety of forms. . It is apparent in the eager interest displayed in t!le perusal of every incident connected with sensational crime ; it is made mauifestiu the morbid curiosityrelative tó the gallows-doomed; it carries thousands to the gallows' foot to witness the dying agonies of a law-strangled wre'eh ; and it is this—something iu the same manner as corrosive sublimate is ujed to preserve wood from perishing — which embalms each notorious criminal in the veiy crimes that should lender him an object only of execration. • " In the old days in dassic lands the temple of fame was placed behind the temple of virtue. But, to say nothing of a more enlightened age, we live in a part of the world where flora, fauna, and morality are alike antipodean. To be amous it is necessary first, beneath an Australian sky, to become infamous. Travel far and fast oa_lhe road of daredevil, villainy, and thecrowd's.acdaim shall follow on your path. But alas for .the nothingness of fame, be it that of the world's victor or the worlde villain, the laurelled bard or the pistolled brigand. Yearsiigo I was myself in a vmall way a celebrity ; but my gloiy, soon grew dim, .and. the ungrateful public forget me in my prison darkness. Then another hero of the road arose to dazzle the world with the brilliancy of his exploits, and Captain Melville became great in the land. The Black Forest echoed with his renown, and the -peopled city and lonely homestead alike paid tribute to his rule. Lucky gold- digger and money-making store-keeper,- wealthy settlers and plethoric publicans, had each and.-all-.a tale to : tell,~of Melville. But in the very zenith of his fame the strong hand of the law crushed him to nothing, and'the star of his gloiy sadly- set in the darkness of the hulk shadows never more to rise. Then came the far-famed Gardiner, who made for himself a wide reputation. Bobbing mails, stopping gold escorts, defying the police, here, there, and everywhera, no day passed without a story of his reckless daring. "But'this knight of the road, like the knights of olden time, must nee^jhave a ladjr-łóye, and s.o— ' With one fair spirit for his minister," ' he sought, a "desert" place, and no longer dazzled the would-be Slacheathś of the rising generation with his deeds, of arms. But the destiny that had been- so kind to him during his adventurous career frowned ón him when he withdrew to inglorious retirement Justice soon had him in its grasp; and although the court-house, of Sydney resound- with; tlie acclamations of Ilia admirers oń his being acquitted for the crime for which he was first tried, in the BBcoad case he was less fortunate, and a penal settlement now claims him for the next thirty years. • :••- • .. 'y. Morgan is lord of the ascendant while I write, and-his fame is of a redder dye than that of hiB predecessors. He is too eiuiguinarp tobe pojfljlar,and u ferociouB rather than brave. &e; is not the Charlemagne of the bandit-kings, but the Alanc, and destitute of all chivalric feelings, he b ill at last iralk to thergallows more cursed than pitied. —. It lsm the prison, generally speaking, that crime m all its grades is first seen tlipMigh rtliflr half of rovnance A ,/tnf fiłtMdiwdhiitoJuiogaol ja*}' r^|i]t;1rom the prcseuce of poverty, an impulsive Act of wrong, or w isolated departure frpm t ^ X I ..• •••JM-,/- the primaries of rectitude. Subsequent convictions are, in the majority of cases, for crimes committed in tlie spirit of romantic ardour. Youth:—and strange to say,, educated youth in particular—once fallen, is crime-doomed for life. I am by no means theorising in making this statement, 'but I speak Irom my experience— speak from a knowledge of the antecedents of scores of those arouud me. Take the best-educated and highest-principled boy that can be found in Melbourne, and place him in an associated gaol for a year, and the chances are that he would very soon after his release be found with a revolver in his belt and a good horse beneath him, galloping through the bush, quite a hero in his own opinion, and delightedly anticipating the time whenthepress will chronicle his . professional performances. The tendency of education when once prisontairited, to lead up to a criminal career is owing, I suppose, to "the stronger fpwet of imagination with which it is endowed, - and the redundancy of spirit which it possesses. The one invests crime with a sort of heroic grandeur, and the other renders its prossessor less patient to control, and more eager for the lawlessness of a bushranging existence. What youthful novice walking the prison-yard for the first time, as he listens to the narratives of criminal recklessness and adventure, thinks of crime for a moment as the evil thing it really is ? He is a boy; -and not a philoso- pher. His imagination is charmed, and his reason is inactive. TTin vision penetrates not to the back-ground, where sadly was to be seen' the despoiled- victims of his infatuation. Generous in his disposition; he stops not to : reflect upon the utter selfishness of a robber's life, and constitutionally daring, he deems not that his attacks, upon the unarmed "and de- €enceTess*"are tfie doings 'of a coward. Jfeither stays he to calculate consequen ces; 'he -recks not of years of prison life, nor is he deterred by the reflection that his career may terminate in a murdered victim and a gallows-death. Fascinated by the romance of crime, he is blind to its fearful reality, and it is only after years of suffering have taught some dearly purchased lessons that he recognises crime to be the grim and unsightly thing it is. I have myself entertained all these imaginative notions with regard to the more daring kind of criminal purspits, and the years are not far distant in the past when I looked upon a higwayman as identical with a hero, and thought that guilt and gloiy were convertible terms. In possession of the confidence of many of those around me at this moment, I am quite justified, in view of their confessions, in declaring that half of the daiing c imes committed owe their origin to their socalled romance. * My own graver deeds of ill commenced in a sufficiently melodramatic manner. At the'time to which I refer I was living at Geelong. ThiB was some months after my release from Cockatoo Island. I had taken apartments in a respectable house 'in a suburbs of the town. These I had furnished iu a manner corresponding with my tastes. Onjhe walls were elegant engravings ; a vase of the choicest flowers I could obtain 'ever graced the -table. Cowpcr's "poems (the reading of which ought to have made me a better man), the works of Byron, Moore, and Scott, (lacon's Essays, Smith's WeaWi of Nations, Watts's Logic, and a Treatise upon Flvxions, constituted my library. The most experienced detective would have been quite at fault in judging of my pursuits by my surroundings. In fact, the landlady of the house subsequently declared to the public th&tl; was so steady and so studiouB, that she thought I was in some way connected with the church. Now I had furnished these apartments with money honestly acquired, and iii them I commenced leadiug a strictly honest life. I obtained a situation in a store at Geelong, and received a salary of £2 per week, a sum amply sufficient for all my. wants. At the expiration of a month, without any reason-being assigned me, I was informed that my services were no longer required. I am ignorant at this day of tlie cause of my dismissal, and at. the time possessed too many silly notions about independence to care to in-' quire.' One evening, about a week after my loss of employment, I was gazing from my wifldow out upon the street. 'Suddenly a passer-by. looked up. stopped, and . exclaimed, " The very fellow I want to see ; Sow are' you 1" I looked down, and there beneath ine stood an old Cockatoo companion named Christy, a youu^mau. renowned on the island. for liis fistic science. I was in no 'mood to repel his advances, and I at once went down to him. • "Just come overland from Sydney," said Christy. " Harry Dowling is with me, and we're going to do a little business on this side of the Murray. How glad Harry '11 be to see you ?" Now Harry Dowling was, in every way, a remarkable character. His father had reached.Sydney at thd Government expense, having been expatriated . for liis ealigraphic abilities. He had, however, like- many others whp had left their country for their country's good, got on wonderfully well, and had become a cattle owner of some wealth. He had sent his sóń Hariy to one of -the best schools in .Sydney, and Harry, in the course of years, became a very fair classical and mathematical scholar. He wrote verses into "the bargain ; and, as a necessary adjunct .to his talent, he. was endowed with a most romantic imagination. I first met liiih in -Cockatoo Island, where he was undergoing b sentence of six months for the luxury of jiorsewhipping a magistrate who had coazselyalluded to hisfathers antecedents. -Listening there, like myself, to the stories told of adventurous depredation, he, too, was fascinated by the romance of crime. He and Christy left the island together; and Harry;commenced.professional operations by writing* out forged cheques for his companion to utter,. Of course thoBe learned in such matters will in' this at once recognise the development of hereditary talent I accompanied Christy to a public-house in Ashby. (a sort of suburb to Geelong), and was there heartily welcomed by the classical and romantic Harry Dowling. The following story, given as near as I can remember in Harry's own words, will convey to -the reader some idea of tlie" peculiar tact and ingenuity displaycd hy this 3'oung gentleman in -his professional career. i . .Said Harry in the course of the even-, mg, " I have" recently-- had. quite auaftvttitQFe, not hing less than-rescuing our friend OhVisiy . from -the grasp of the' riiihstuies.'* - -Ot course I waB curious to learn. the particulars, aud" Harty wasjast as eacfex tó communicate • them. The'story is só characteristic that it must have a chapter to itself. (7o be cculnliwj.} • 