COLONIAL TOPICS. (FROM; OUR CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, SEPT. 22 } MISCELLANEOUS. When the House of Commons' Standing Committee on Law rejected the clause in the Liability of Trustees Bill which permitted trustees to invest in Colonial Government securities, it was known that Lord Herschell and the other law Ionia who had facilitated the passage of the measure through the House of Lords were extremely dissatisfied at the miscarriage of their labours. It was thought probable that they would attempt to gain their end by other means, and to a large extent they have done so. Within the last few days a general order had been issued by the Lord Chancellor and the Judges of the Court of Appeal permitting funds under the control of or subject to the order of the Court to be invested in all the securities specified In Lord Herschell's Liability of Trustees Bill as it passed the House of Lords. Trustees will, therefore, be at liberty to meet In colonial Government stocks when guaranteed by the Imperial Government at their own sweet will, and under the order of a judge in person " The inscribed stock of any British colony, pro stated that such inscribed stock shall not at the time of interment be quoted in thoolllclol list of the London Stock Exchange oto prices below £105 sterling for 61 ery £100 of inscribed stock bearing Interest at the rate of 4 per cent per annum, or in the case of in st ruled stock bearing Interest at a lower rate than I per cent, per annum below the price proportionate to 505 sterling for £100 of inscribed stock at i percent per annum " This decision has not been received with universal favour on the Stock Exchange, which professes to be " both perplexed and surprised " by the issue of an order in direct conflict with the HOUSE of Commons, and at variance with the position taken up by the Government. It is declared that the rights to the eventual possessors of trust funds will be sacrificed in the interest of the life tenant, owing to the fact that many of the shocks to be engaged in at it good premium may be re- paid at an early date at a ir No fresh light has been thrown upon the Chinese railheads) 'JIf lunn warns the Colonial Guicriiiiii nts that they are playing with rather dangerous ive upon It again argues that the most efficient check amongst the' Chinese would be to prohibit by legislation the entrance of pauper immigrants of all nations into Australia. He considers that such a law will operate almost exclusively against Cliiiinin n, who, it declare'-), art' nearly all paupers when they reach Australia This Men, however, finds little in our in colonial official circles, and one nu'i'iitgeneral with difficulty restrained himself from exposing its luLhiey I ht June altogether Hernmiot a little discontent the energy) with which the Australian working man asserts his right to control the Hilttitiun, seven for no higher reason than the grate the minimal market to his own mind tugs It throws out the worms,! that " though Australia may be the paradise of the worltiiuuiiiii, ' there IN Hinno danger of its becoming a " Paradise Lost," Mr. J' P de Labilliere' lins ? replied, to correspondents who has written to the land, stating that the um Chinese movement is purely an agitation promote it by di nuning politicians to gain the favour of the Australian democrat). Mr de habiliter? contends that national considers tions leader is essential that Australia should be retained for the while man, and that li the Imperial lioiermticiit cannot prevent any large influx of Chinese by representations, to I be Pekin authorities, then the Colonial Legislatures must of necessity enact measures to protect themselves. i In a paper read before the British Association at Bath, Sir John Lubbock referred to 1 the low mental power of races which cannot employ their tongues to any large extent the cited the Australian aboriginals as on a PMimnle, stating that in none of tlieirdinlects was there any word for five. His remarks 'excited some surprise, and a gentleman j wrote to The times soliciting confirmation from the public Hits elicited a letter from a correspondent with the signature of a "Pomingalarna,' which many are inclined to believe conceals the identity of Mr Paul, of the New Zealand Lot to and Mercantile Agency. Be this as it may, " Pomingalarna" declares that his Australian experience t enables him to assert that the Aboriginies of that comment hates other mathematical range thin Sir John Lubbock believes, and that it is certainly unjust to them to declare that to them "everything beyond four simply an undefined multitude " ' Pomingalarna," hoping to be more explicit, has simply continued to testify The i must He states that he has known aborigines to be hired to strip wheels of bark for the erection of guyana ' -a term which passes the comprehension of the leader writer of the leading journal-and had heard them stipulate for a certain payment for every 100 sheets, which they enforced by Keeping a. correct tally of the strip- ping up to at least 100 'The policy of Prince Bismarck in subsidis- ing German mail steamers plying between Germany and Australia and the East appears to have been justified by results Not very long ago the experiment was referred to in somewhat gloomy terms, but all that is now changed The "Riders" of the Berlin merchants look hopefully forward to the German boats emancipating Germany from the tutelage under which her trade with China and Australia has hitherto been conducted The Australian trade is referred to as being especially) satisfactory, owing largely to me support rendered by the 50,000 natives of Germany " living in the colonies The revolt of the Samoans against the rule of the usurper from isese has aroused conjecture as to what the Germans mean to do with the rightful King- Malietoa-now that they profess to have forgiven him forhtsobdurncj. The situation is held to be an awkward one, since German it is thought, will scarcely be allowed to solve it by an act of annexation, owing to her pledges to the British and United States Governments the Times asserts that Malietoa has been shabbily treated by the two last-named Powers, and hopes they will exert their influence to obtain but his rights If these were renewed it would not object to Germany being allowed a preponderating influence in the councils of the King, in recognition of her superiority of trade It does not seem to be aware that if the Germans hold a monopoly of trade, in the matter of land owning the British and American settlers enjoy an overwhelming preponderance. The Victorian Mining department a few years ago obtained through the Foreign Office some valuable information respecting the processes adopted at Freiberg for the treatment of refractory ores 'He metallurgists of that town have for a long time made that subject a special branch of study 'they have imported auriferous quartz, which the ordinary methods of extraction have failed to affect from all parts of the world, and have secured results which justify the expectation that many mines which have been abandoned could be worked to great profit The Governments of New Zealand and New South Wales are both instituting inquiries into this important subject Sir Francis Bell has spent part of his holiday at Freiberg, and what he saw SO impressed him that he has just returned to Saxony, accompanied by Professor Austen, the metallurgist of the Mint, who will report upon the processes in use from the scientific and utilitarian standpoint. Sir Saul Samuel also accompanies Sir Francis Bell. He is authorised to engage a skilled metallurgist for the Sydney School of Mines, and thought that the opportunity of familiarising himself with the most modern scientific treatment of refractory ores was too good to be neglected, therefore, though only just returned from a journey round the world, he determined to accompany the agent general for New Zealand, and they started for the Continent yesterday morning Mr Dudley Le Souef has been busy making purchases on behalf of the Melbourne Zoological Gardens since his arrival in England. He has already shipped a few head of stock, and will despatch more in the R.M S Parramatta on October 6 This consignment will embrace an round, a yak, four white swans, some mandarin ducks, South American tortoises, are. Others will follow by the succeeding steamer Mr Le Souef will again start for the Continent next week in search of specimens. He hopes to return to Melbourne by the H. M. S. Massilia on November 1. He has arranged to send out a polar bear and a pair of votes by the Damascus in December. The success of the Jesuit mission in Northern Australia, and the growing importance of that portion of the continent, have left the Pope to erect it new diocese, with Palmerston as its governing centre. This decision has necessitated Dr Salvado's resignation of the see of Port Victoria, which will in future be merged in the new diocese of Palmerston. The Pope has accepted Dr. Sal verde's resignation, and it is expected that the name of the first bishop of Palmerston will be announced in a few weeks' time. The old diocese of Port Victoria embraced the northern portion of Western Australia, but it was always more of it titular than an actual bishopric, for Dr Snl util o (devoted all his time and energies to the Great Benedictine Monastery and Aboriginal Mission station at New Norcia, some 60 miles from Perth he has been the head and chief organiser of this institution for the past 30 years. A good description of this monastic colony (the only one of its kind in Australia) will be found at page 63 of Lady Broome's Lellos to (June, and an interesting history of the rise and progress of the place was given in the Dublin Review, January, 1861 Miss Florence Nightingale once paid it the compli- ment of saying that in no part of the world have they succeeded in educating and civilis- ing the savage facts excepting the Benedictine Monastery) at New Norcia " the incorporation of the diocese of Port Victoria into the new diocese of Palmerston will make no altera- tion in the position and status of Dr. Salvado. He will remain what he has always been, the mitred abbot of New Norcia, ruling his GO mun Us and evangelising the natives for many a mile around. 'IlieiiVi, the weekly organ of the Evangelical party in the Church of England, severely censures Lord Salisbury) for failing to ratify the general expectation that Bishop part) would be translated from Sydney to Chester. Its current issue contains this stinging comment : Lord Salisbury has, no fear, given great offence to Evangelical churchmen by his appointment of Canon La) ne, vicar of Leeds, to the bishopric of Chester. The persistent way in which the Premier has ignored the claims of all men of merit who do not happen to share his own ecclesiastical views, which are extremely High Church, was, it was hoped, likely to be departed from on this occasion. Everyone thought either that Dr. Barry, bishop of Sydney and metropolitan of Australia, would be translated ; or that the popular Evangelical! preacher, Canon Fleming, would be promoted, Either would have been an extremely good appointment, and as popular as It was good. Unfortunately the Premier, though liberal minded in other things, is intensely) narrow on all religious questions. He has been unduly biassed against Evangelicals, and consequently can- not see any merits in a man who holds our principles." Dr. Moore, Roman Catholic bishop of Ballarat, has left London for Home to have a farewell audience of the Pope prior to returning to his diocese in the Ormuz, which steamer he will catch at Naples towards the end of the month. No bishop has ev r before escorted such a large array of priests and mania at one time to an antipodean diocese as Dr. Moore is doing on the present occasion. They number no less than £15 individuals, and they are all going out together in the Ormuz. The orders they represent are the Redenip. toriatB, the Fathers of the Holy Ghost, the Sisters of Nazareth, and the Brigidine nuns. Cardinal Moran is credited with having jokingly suggested to Bishop Moore thead disability of chartering a Hiiecutl steamer to convey this unprecedented!) large array of religious forces in Melbourne. A trial shipment of oranges despatched by the Adelaide Agricultural Bureau has come to hand by the eve inter Puiramatlii I The object of the experiment was to ascertain the best method of picking the (fruit. Pur that purpose four lines constructed on different pi maples were provided, and each orange was carefully, wrapped in paper. Messrs H irt Brothers, Newland, and Hannam supplied the fruit, for the experiment. The pines were numbered for the purpose of identification No. 1 was divided into eight compartments and the oranges it contained proved to I" fairly sound. There were some himself and decayed fruit, which is attribute to the fact that the case was not fit) closely packed No 2 was similar to No. 1; but the fruit was more compactly arranged, and consequently there were fewer dealings oranges In No Sense there was a separate compartment for each orange, and tins method of parking must be pronounced a complete the. real success, though the instant the HjHleiu Hulkes it impracticable as applied to the London trade Only 25 of tin oranges were sunk, and those had apparently been overripe when gathered. The fourth cents cuts an ordinary colonial fruit Imx, divided into two compartments. The oranges, however, besides being alive Hope d unwisely in white paper wrappers, wire Mitten up into brown paper p freely The i TpcrtH here report that this method is altogether wrong, and the condition of the limit in No 4 urne fully bears out their contention. I he oranges were d charged with scarcely an exception, and were practically valueless 'The lesson tins experiment teaches is that oranges carefully enveloped in paper separate wrappers compactly arranged in well and lated boxes and carried in an air) portion of the ship may be landed in fair and stable condition A single partition in the boxes in all that is necessary the eight compartments 111 cases one and two merely adding to HIL expense without conferring any comments rate advantages No 3 case is to be re shipped to Adelaide, to ascertain in what condition the fruit will arrive after the double journey Mr J F Hogan has written another book which will be published shortly by Messrs Ward and Downe) It is entitled Uti Ans halian in London and will consist chiefly of a colonial journalist s impressions of London formed during his first years residence in the world's metropolis A man name I John Parker, who was recently a clerk in the employ of the Land Trust and Agency Company of Australian has just been sentenced to five years' penal Serving It for stealing a letter coat lining t cheque for 4000 tons added to the company by it client in respect of some debentures he was desirous of acquiring the matron who personally conducted the Church met in >n Society s party of eral grants to Melbourne in March last has written in grateful terms of the kind treatment experienced both on the voyage out in the s s Orient and on arrival in Australia. The BO ciety will send out a similar party in the Orient on October 20 