EMANUEL SWEDENBORG: HIS WORK. Sunday, January 29, being the 200th anniversary of the birth of Emannel Swedenborg, the Rev. E. G. Day, pastor of the New Church, Hanson-street, delivered two discourses, based on words from John 1. 6— "There was a man sent from God whose name was John." John, he said, had been aentto annonnce the advent of Jehovah in the flesh, and the testimony he bore concerning Christ was accepted by those who listened to his teaching and submitted to his baptism. There were many others, " Kings and leaders, prophets, seers, penmen of the Sacred Word," that were sent by God to bear witness of the coming light. Some did miracles and some did not, yet they were accepted as teachers sent from God " by all who were willing and obedient to the heavenly vision" they declared. But many persons believed that 200 years ago God sent into the world Emanuel Swedenborg to stand in precisely the same relation to the Christian world that John the Baptist stood to the Jewish Church and people. John announced the first advent of Jehovah in the flesh; Swedenborg was sent to announce the second advent of Jesus Christ. He would review the work Swedenborg did in the world as the messenger of God's second advent. It was not until 1745 that the opening of his spiritual sight was fully effected, but there was ground for concluding that although the Lord appeared to bim at the time, yet his immediate preparation and the opening of his spiritual sight were operations extending over several years. It was now generally conceded by his biographers and those best acquainted with his scientific and theological works that Swedenborg was so truly a man sent from 'God that he was really prepared from his infancy and during the whole conrse of his life, from the time he took his degree in 1709 as Doctor of Philosophy, and commenced in the following year his foreign travel. This travel and his duties as assessor in the Mining Department of Sweden all served to perfect bis powers as a natural philosopher, and to deepen profound religious feeling, so that before the opening of his spiritual sight be was really made a many-sided man, and was especially fitted to become the servant of the Lord Jesus. But even in his child- hood, to uso his own statement, he was constantly engrossed by reflecting on God, on salvation, and on the spiritual affections of man. He often revealed things in his discourse which made his parents declare that certainly the angels spoke through his mouth. It was his greatest delight to converse with the clergy concerning faith. His only belief was that God was the creator and preserver of nature; that He endowed man with understanding, good inclinations, and other gifts derived from those, His theological works added many particulars to that faith, but never questioned it. When his son was 41 years of age Bishop Swedenborg wrote that "God has to this hour indeed been with him." Swedenborg then had no idea of the wonderful experience that was in store for him. But there had been a " continual tendency from the natural to the spiritual, a steady ascension from the sciences towards natural theology, and an acceptance throughout of Biblical revelation." In 1744 heaven was opened to him, " the reason why he, a natural philosopher, had been chosen for the office being that spiritual knowledge might be easily learned and naturally understood, because spiritual truths answer to natural ones, which originate, flow from, and serve as a foundation for them." It would seem that he expected the kingdom of God to come upon him in the shape of clear principles deduced from all human knowledge, a scientific religion resting on nature, and revelation interpreted by analysis and synthesis from the ground of a pure habit and holy life. His expectations were marvellously fulfilled. He was indeed a man sent from God, fully prepared and supplied with knowledge and ability. Nothing short of the fullest acknowledgment of Swedenhorg's mission would open men's minds to the reception of the truths of the eternal Word, for the revelation of those truths by the Lord through the instrumentality of Swedenborg was what really constituted His second advent — a fulfilment of the promise He made to His disciples, " Hereafter I will show you plainly of the Father." The information must needs be given to men by some man who had been especially prepared by the Lord. Open vision was a necessity in Swedenborg's ease in order that the information given by the Lord might be spiritually seen and rationally understood. In that Swedenborg differed from the prophets of old, as it was not necessary for them to understand the internal sense of what they wrote. What Swedenborg wrote in exposition of the internal sense of that Word was what God revealed to him as its spiritual meaning. Hence the authoritative character of the internal sense as given through Swedenborg in the "Arcana Celestia," the "Apocalypse Revealed and Explained," and in the summary exposition of the prophets and Psalms. They were all written while he was under direct spiritual illumination. And so the doctrines revealed to the new Church, which was emphatically the New Jerusalem, were identical with the doctrines of the Holy Word as understood by the angels, being drawn from the literal sense of the Word confirmed and illustrated by its spiritual meaning. Like John, Swedenborg was not that Light which the teaching of each revealed, as Jesus was the true Light. John cried in the wilderness of Judea. Swedenborg by his writings cried in the wilderness of the Christian Church, which in his day was both barren and uncultivated, destitute alike of good and truth. When rightly understood Swedenborg's teachings had the practical effect of preparing human minds by repentance and spiritual purification from evil to accept the Lord's teaching by the Holy Ghost and with the baptism of fire or the purification of love. Whatever he was or was not, Swedenborg was certainly the servant of the Lord Jesus Christ, and in all his work had a single eye to his Master's service. He was taught to make known the revelation of the truths of the Holy Word's internal spiritual sense by the Lord himself. Swedenborg, therefore, did not originate any of the spiritual ideas which are written in his works and called the " Internal sense." Swedenborg never claimed individual authorship. He was not inspired in the literal sense of the word; his written words became the actual result of his rational perception of those spiritual things which the Lord revealed. Therefore what Swedenborg had written was really the authorized meaning of the Written Word. No other estimation of Swedenborg's writings would meet his case. It became necessary that Swedenborg should be enabled to distinguish between the really inspired book of the Word as having the internal sense, and those usually regarded by the professing world as inspired. Swedenborg accordingly had said that of the sixty-six books forming the volume called the Bible only thirty-four were really inspired. In the Old Testament there were the five books of Moses, the Books of Joshua, Judges, Samuel, and Kings, the Psalms, and all the Prophets, and in the New Testament the four Gospels and the Revelation. The proof was that his "Arcana Celestia" gave the internal sense of Genesis and Exodus, and his " Apocalypse Revealed" the internal sense of the last prophetical book—the Revelation—while the "Summary Exposition of the Prophets and Psalms" gave in a brief but understandable form a summary of the internal sense of twenty-two books, and including the posthumous explication of the Apocalypse. Some 13,000 at least passages from all the other books had been briefly explained, so that any person acquainted with the law of analogy on which the word was written could decipher the rest. It was not correct to say that Swendenborg rejected the Acts of the Apostles and their twenty one epistles, for he regarded them as good and useful for the edification of the Church, but not having the internal sense, and were therefore only dogmatic writings, Of the nine other uninspired books Swedenborg regarded Job as a very Book of the Church after the flood ; five were more merely historical, of no very great value compared with the historical books. In the Proverbs and Ecclesiastes were some of the wisdom and possibly some of the pessimism of Solomon, while his song had been long out of the catalogue of inspired books among the learned, and considered only an Eastern love song. The doctrine Swedenborg had given was therefore that without a revelation from the Divine, man could not know anything concerning eternal life, nor even anything concerning God, and still less anything concerning love to and faith in Him. Swedenborg's works had had slow recognition; but there had been a great change in the ideas of thinking men daring the past century concerning the subjects upon which Swedenborg wrote. Swedenborg during his life never attempted to become the leader of a sect, his mission was to write, and give to the world that internal sense of the written word which the Lord had revealed through him. Swedenborg died on Sunday, March 29, 1772. Some three weeks before that event he took the sacrament of the Lord's Supper from the hands of a Swedish clergyman named Arvid Ferelius, who remarked that "as many persons thought he had endeavoured only to make himself a name by his new theological system — which object he had indeed attained — he would do well now to publish the truth to the world, and to recant either the whole or a part of what he had advanced since he had now nothing mors to expect from the world." On hearing those words Swedenborg raised himself half upright, and placing his sound hand npon his breast—the other being paralyzed — said with great zeal and emphasis, "As true as you see me before you, so true is everything that I have written." All that Swedenborg did to circulate his writings was to send copies to the colleges of learned men. Fifteen years after his death some Separatists joined with Robert Hindmarsh and established the Society of the New Church for public worship in London. Since then 76 other Societies had been formed, 7 being in Scotland, 1 in Jersey, and 68 in England, with a membership of nearly 6,000. There were 17 Societies for mission work. Snnday-schools with over 7,000 pupils, and lending libraries containing 19,000 volumes. Similar progress had attended the visible New Church in America, France, Italy, and Sweden. That was not much to boast about, but the author's writings had really only been extant for the last 100 years, and the progress was at least encouraging. The discourse was divided into two portions, one being delivered in the morning and the other in the evening. At each service there was a fair attendance. 