NORTH ROCKHAMPTON i (From our own Correspondent.) ' ' I have had sovoral invitations lntoly to . attend moorings at which theories are to bo ' advanced for dealing with the wrongs of the pooplo, the evils arising from the want of j '' a water supply, tho dopressod condition of ' ' fwl/lft Xrt ' TKnita nxn .. I... 1 _ A . _ » «IW tVlWUJH piUIltJOI mco , , . uimablo people, who are willing to take thoso . burning questions up and sottlo tliom off hand in a nice agrooablo manner, but unfor tunately tho ailments from which the people aro siifforing just now are not of a kind to yiold readily to gontlo remodios. The homosopathio theory is a "very nice one. Thovo ' nro plenty of people who pin their faith to I pilules, and liomcDopatliy sooins to liavo taken 'hold of the minds of a great body of tlio north sidors. A neighbour has givon me a work on homcoopathy to study up, and I had not read many pageB boforo I was struck with tho similarity botwoon tho homoeopathic treatment of social disease. Let ' ino quoto from tho medical work: — Moleih- oholy:— When the patient is in fear of death; 1 treatment, throe (rlobules of m-nnitt' dinnnlvml in-1 a> toaspoonful of wator j melancholy with desire for death and anguish of mind, which prompts a dosiro to commit Biiicido, weak ness of tho intolleotual faculties; dissolve ' four globules of aurum in a tumbler half full of wator, and tnko a toaspoonful ovory four hours. Fear of ghosts, frightful visions, inclination to run away and hido, disposition to become furious with rage; thrco globules of bollodonna in a toaspoonful of wator. I am.. afraid that my first lesson in homcoopathy was not takon in a very rovoront spirit. The ridiculous sido of tho 'picturo struok mo heavily amidships, and my smile might have been heard at tho post oiHcc. Thero is somoting sublimo in tho notion1 of drowning the fear of death with a toaspoon ful of globule and water, and the remedy for weakness of the intellectual faculties is' so simple that tho raco of fools should bo doomed. Lot mo continuo. There aro moro pearls 'in this littlo work to bo had by soratohing for tliom. Molanoholy, sadness, and tears, oppressed with a nniltitudo of cares, saying foolish things ; three globules of Pulsatilla threo times a day. Ye gods ? What a grand discovery lios hero ? Let us administer nnlfl!i.rilliL is the Minis- try to-morrow, and earn tho . grati tude of the country for evorm'oro. Again I go pearl-hunting. Melancholy, despair of salvation ; four globulos of sulphur in a table spoonful of wator. Ahem ! That remedy is just a littlo suggestive, do spair of salvation, and sulphur, rathor. But the whitest and largest poorl of all is to como : Disposition to get angry, attended with screaming and wilancss of expression, four globulos of stramonium. ' Where jealousy is tho crazo," "four globulus of hyosoyamus," I hope Ingham tho local chemist has plenty of hyoscyamus in stock, for I oxpeot now tho socrot is out, there will bo a terrific run upon it. Every marriod man will agree with tho late lamented philosopher that if it isn't wnntod at tho moment it is certainly " 'andy to 'avo it in tlio 'ouso." 1 fool inclined to say I will uso nothing but hyoscyamus as long as I live, and recommend it to all of my friends. Every mother should placo it in licr son's trousseau, and no married man will bo truly happy until ho gots it. Captain Norris hopes to have Mr. Morgan's steam launch, Victor, ready for launching to-morrow. I am glad it was not to-day, otherwiso tho North Rockhampton letter and the chnmpaguo luncheon might run foul of oach othor. Ho was a grand man that invented champagne, but ho was a grander scoundrel that put tho price 011 it. Tho Contral Queensland Bowing Club hold their annual meeting to-night at a- South-side hotel. This is hardly fair. Tho head-quar ters of tho club are on this side of the river, nnd I think they could find a house to suit them hero. They would also bo highly honored by tho presence of your own corres pondent. What more could thoy desire ? The ' Yeppoon-road between hero , and AYyatt'Ais in- a frightful state, and yet, one would suppose that coach proprietors likod it, for no' sooner has our old friend Callaghan put on a much-needed tri-woolcly servioothan we havo four other coaches advertised. ;Taranganba will no doubt causo immense itraffio to'Yeppoon, but I think it will bosome 1 timo boforo support will be forthcoming for ' nine coaches a week. The Emu Park Kailway is certainly going ahead rapidly, and it will not be many weoks before the rails will be laid all the way. 1 But this does not mean the completion of the work, for even after that there will uo a lot to do ; still I think the first train should bo able to run on Separation Day. Wo havo had another oliango at the State School. Miss Lipstine returns hore, and Miss Wilder goes to Mount Morgan. This is rather hard on MisB Wilder after eleven years connection with the school. _ An eccentric and ecconomical individual who resides in our small borough recontly purchased a considerable quantity of matches at a cheap price. They wore found to bo almost worthless, a majority of them re fusing to strike. He therefore took thom back to the store, complaining vigorously. The storekeeper said ho could not soe much the matter with them, and struck several successfully on his pants. Tho indignant purchaser finished tho argument by remark ing, " Do you think I have nothing better to do than come down hore and Btrike matches on tho seat of your trousers ?" and augrily loft the store. A resident here found it dcsirnblo to have a bell fixod at the side of his house, an 1 for days and nights afterwards suffered a good deal of annoyance from our local larrikins pulling it . violently at all hours, but thoy don't pull tlint bell now. It was mysteriously anointed one night with a peculiar liquid. Shortly after a violent ring was heard, and that was the last; but a rowdy youth is noticed carrying his fingers carefully wrapped up; and ho says ho doesn't know what makes thom burn so. $ I almost forgot another State School matter. Mr. Desmond, the children's favor ite, hns been temporarily transferred to the Gracemore School to take charge there during the illness of tho teacher. Tho littlo ones will bo pleased to have him baok again. 