EE YEN GE. I have served in the French army (as surgeon) and sacreMeu ! I never yet suffered an insult from mortal being to pass unavenged. It was in the Tyrol last year. While wander ing through that picturesque country, I frequently encountered two ladies one elderly, the other a widow charming, jtetite, spirituclle - Adrienne! At last we found ourselves quar tered at the same hotel, and I rapidly succumbed to the fair widow's charms -as she was so sympathetic, so viva cious, yet with all that saivor faire of experience which an elderly bachelor knows how to appreciate. Her figure-how delicious its lines ! What masses of magnificent, tresses ! What perfect rows of ivory her coral lipped smile permitted us to see! What healthful bloom the exercise and moun tain air had lent to her cheek!-Yes, I would propose that evening. That night I went up "to dress for dinner-an important business with me, and one requiring time. I had arranged in the morning with the maitre cP hotel to change my room for one with a more southerly aspect; but ?when I had climbed to the first floor (no slight exercise!) where my new apartment was located, I found 1 could not recollect the number. A little reflection, however, made me decide it was iSTo. 18, but, to make certain, I listened a moment at the door-all was still within-turned the haudle softly and entered. JSfom de Dieul who was this ? Asleep, on a fauteuil, lay the ghost of A drienne! Adrienne P Yes P But Adrienne transfigured. Haggard, nearly bald, with her cheeks falling in on the toothless gums, the outlines of her figure (she had laid aside her dress) showing scraggy and angular through her deshabille! A lay-figure waiting to be transformed by her maid into my Adrienne-waiting to be made into my decoy-but I would be revenged! Not stopping to hunt up my room now, I descended hastily to the saloon, where I found most of the guests waiting for the dinner-gong. I caught a glance of astonishment at my own undress uniform, and a thought struck me-I smiled. The house happened to be full, just then, of a very fashionable companv ; the ladies vied with one another in the magnificence of their toilets, and I knew there was a certain countess who was especially Adrienne's rival in this respect. Ah ! I would shame her before them all ; I would give her a lesson under her rival's eyes-she should not to trifle with honest affect ion-Ifon Dieu / am a mesmerist. MY will is iron. I sat down apart, and, turning my eves from those present, put all iny will force into action. One-two-three \--four minutes, and there was a foot step outside the door-the handle was gently turned and A drienne appeared \- yes! precisely as I had seen her a few minutes before. The whole room full of listless guests rope as if simul taneously galvanized - the ladies shrieked "a ghost"-but Adrienne advanced quietly toward me in her magnetic trance. Tinder cover of of fering her a chair, I made the releasing passes with my ha-d-she awoke gave one glance round at the staring company and the scornful eyes of her rival, another at her figure reflected in the mirror opposite, and, with a wild - scream, sank-a fainting heap-on the floor! I was revenged!.' ###*## That same night I thought T heard someone moving about my room, and found, the following morning, mv glass eye, my cork leg. my wig and my new patent spring- fitting set of teeth had been stolen from my room. As my valet was in Paris I had to publish my loss before I could move out of bed. Adrienne had left the house that ! niffht, but not without retaliating.- i Don-glcs Ailam in San Francisce Neics hetter. i "Cross day."-Good Friday. 