MELBOURNE. Saturday. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The agricultural chemist, Mr A. N. Pear sou, has forwarded to the Minister a report upon chicken cholera and the means to pre vent it. Mr Pearson states that as the re- sult of his receut enquiries, he finds that a disease which -lie believes to be fowl cholera is wide-spread throughout the colony. He recommends that wheß it is found to exist the affected fowls should be isolated, the dead ones burned or buried with quicklime, and all matter likely to contain contagion to he destroyed in the same way, while the yards aud fowlhouses should be distempered with quicklime. Mr Pearson also states that as a preventative the fowls might be sub jected to a mild attack of the disease by sprinkling an attenuated virus in their food. He announces also that he is in a position to supply this virus. Avery smart capture was made by the police yesterday evening, of three men who had in their possession a quantity of liquor stolen from an hotel in South Melbourne the night before. The thi&ves;, one of whom is a New Caledonian expiree, had the stolen goods in a cart, and were apparently about to deliver it at an hotel. Mr Bent denies most strenuously that he ever employed any Chinese laborer, or that he is at all in favor of the introduction of Chinese. He states that he wishes to see the Chinese kept out of the country, but objects to any illegality being practised. A sad case came before the t ity magis trates to-day, when an infant under a week old was brought up as a neglected child. It was found last night in the porch of St. Francis’ Church, and according to a letter' the child is illegitimate. A clue to its ideutity has been discovered at the Lying-in Hospital. The mother will be arrested, although, judging by the letter, the poor creature was nearly distracted. The envelope was addressed—“ The clergymau, at St. Francis’ Church, Great Lonsdale street, Melbourne.” The letter, which is very dis connected in parts, reads as follows:—“ Oh,, kind father, pity a poor heart- broken girl. I am leaving my child in the church's care. God help me. lam driven to this. What is a poor girl to do, ruiued and disgraced, while the father of her child, the cause of my ruin, forsakes me? Oh God, keep me in my senses. I feel going mad. Pray for me, clergyman, pray for me, a poor heart broken girl at the age of 20. I have made enquiries if I could get it into any of the convents through others, but they won’t take them in so young. What am Itodo ? But this parting with it is nearly driving me crazy. But I know, dear father, some of the convents will take it in for you. I shall always send something to the presbytery for its support. But how can I part it? But yet I must, rather than have the poor child suifer want or have my name dragged through the courts. Oh, please have it christened for me. 1 have no money, or else I would have had it dene. God forgive me for what lam doing. Pray for me, and call the child Robert Aylward. Pray for me as you have never prayed before, for I am heartbroken. Care for my baby. One day I will claim him, and will pay others for their care. Now lam not in a position. God forgive me for what I am doing, and don’t forget to pray. Yours in misery, once a pure and happy girl. God help me, I leave him, aud shall pray and trust in God for his future safety. If only Father O’Meara .were alive he would help me. I cannot write, so I will leave him in the church-yard, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost —Amen.’’ The letter bore neither signature nor date. That portiou of the Healesville railway between Lilydale and the Yarra Flats, now designated by the more euphonious title of the Yarra Glen station, is to be opened to the public on Tuesday. The event is to be celebrated in the usual orthodox manner by a banquet, at which several members of the Ministry aud a number of members of both Houses are expected to be present. Peter Brown, 41, met with an accident to day. He fell from a vehicle in Flinders street, aud sustained a fracture of the right leg. He was taken to the Melbourne Hospi tal, aud admitted by Dr M’Knight. 