V.R.C. Orand National Meeting. With 110 less jbban 27 entered tor the Steeplechase and 38 for the iHurdles, the V.R.C. have the best of good proofs thai their generosity in the way of prizes haB met with the approval of owners. Each race is about 3 miles, and as the very best jumping talent in the country: has entered, not to speak of such neophytes at tjhe game as Mighty, Malua, Recall, Frolic, Victim and Silverton, all good horses on the flat. Prior to ;the d'-claratirn of weights, 500 to 5 was the markets price in Mtlbnurne for the double, and a large number of wagers.were taken by backers, the Yeoman, Iieroy, Launcelot, Recall, Ya,rraman, and Oxford being most fancied for the Hurdles, whilst the namejs of that grand mare Ruby, Emerald, Royal Oak, Qpicklight, and Forrester generally wound up the! doubles. Immediately on the ap pearance of the weights Blue; Mountain was scratched, 12st 131b and 12st 71b being big orders in such a field, bijt the Ballarat division are so well represented that they have plenty f 6 pick and choose from. In the Hurdles, Recall reads very well at lOst 91b, and, as it is whispered that he has taken kindly to the illegitimate game, be must bf» very dangerous, and Silveiton also may be similarly ticketed. So many ^printers have turned out suc cessful jun perej that I should not be surprised to hear that Victiii was a stable fancy for this event; so far, no more has bt ;n made in favor. Of the old hands, nothing ' reads better than the Yeoman at 12st 51b, and next to him I like Cracksman and Voltaire, the latter for choice, as the distance may trouble the othpr. In tie Steeple the best appear to be Ruby, Lizette, and Royal Oik, this last is a very dangerous customer. Queensland's solitary representative, Grafton, is not to he despised, even in such good company, for he may be relied on to finish, which is more than can be said of most of the horses engaged. Racing in Tasmania seems retrograding sadly, the balance-sheet of T.R.C. showing a balance the wrong way of £334. The receipts from the totalisator showed a decrease of £200 on last year. Since the foundation of the club £24,900 has been paid away in prizes, and £22,900 for all other expenses, all of which sum Las been spent in the eountry; yet, as the Sporting Life remarks, so miserably do local tradespeople support the club that out of 68 grocers not one was a member; one out of 33 drapers j three out of 25 merchants j ten out of 110 publicans ; and four out of 31 butchers. Mr. Johnson, the cross-country rider, with the western horse Hubert, arrived in Brisbane last week. Ditto Swinger, now owned by Mx. Fuller. Mr. Russell, secretary of Charters Towers Jockey Club, was in town recently. There is every chance of " the breach" being healed up permanently. Some owners must either be very sensitive or have very guilty consciences. They can't stand hearing anything said or written about their horses. If they were racing South they'd find that they'd have to like it or lump it. Brisbane is yet very small and provincial io those things. W. M Cabe ie, I am happy to hear, pretty well all right after his fall with Grey wing. Jimmy Pattison is training tor Mr. Jost, who is to be congratulated on getting a good trainer and first class horseman combined. Grafton, at 9st 121b, is by no means out of the Steeple at the V.R.C. meeting, more especially if any of the speedier division make mistakes. If Silverton, by tne Assyrian—silverhair, lias taken to the sticks well he will be hot property for the Hurdles, in which race, by-th- -way, there are some real goud *uns on the flat, Malua, Recall, par example. Blue Mountain and Design ure scratched. For the benefit of those that don't know, Podos and Okus is really Podusokus, whilst Digby and Grand should be Digby Grand. The wire must have been mutilated, or the telegraph reporter not a racing man. And that reminds me that in years gone back there was once a mighty horse called Filh > da Puta, who won the f-eger, and his name was freely Angli cised into Fill up the Pewter. Well, on the day he won the Leger, two tykes were arguing re their fancies, one backing the Pewter, as he called it, and the other Fillo. They then waxed wrathful, and the barney ended in a figbt and police quarters for the night. Neither saw the race, and botn felt very sick in the morning when they found they were arguing about the same hor<?e. Tommy Saunders, Dunlop's jock, is now riding for Mr. R. Howett in England. At the Mooney Valley (Vic.) meeting, L. Lyons and L. Levien, two books, had a stand-up fight in front of the stand, The latest number of the Sporting and Dramatic to hand gives some capital illustrations of Eandwick course, grand stand, saddling paddock, &c.; The portrait of Mr. Ulibborn, the secretary, is very good indeed. The details are very accurate, even th numbered saddle-cloths being given. Petrea won the Normauton double, Newmarket the Bracelet and Publican's Purse, and Smudge the Steeplechase. Murray's hack, Combadello Billy, Warkworth and Star are amongst the Eidsvold entries. Full list on another page. Acceptances are due on July 17. At the last Clarence River Tatt's. meeting, Mr. O. Fuch succeeded in taking instantaneous phot 's ol several of the finishes, and the negatives were fixe : , before the jockeys weighed in. Had there been better arrangements the experiment would haw been a complete succes s, Fai*y and Sir Alfred ran a dead heat iD the big money, and many thoughi Fairy won, at any rate, Mr. Fuch's plate showed tba Fairy was in front two feet from the post. From this I should imagine that the absolute finish wef not' photoed. The will of the deceased veteran, the late John Tait, was proved at £24,296. " £3000 has been offered and refused for Lonsdale, the last Maribyrnong winner. If I had space I would reprint all" Pendragon's" (London Meferee) article on handioapping. Hi& arguments are sound, as usual, when he says that real good horses should be festered and not crushei in handicap*. He objects to the English Jojkey Club, as being a foreign hody, in a racing sens-*, most members knowing nothing of racing, an i he prophecies that real racing men will sooner or later form an association of their own, when a 5st 71b minimum will be a thing of the past, and the limit will be fixed at list and the lowest weight 7st 71b. Then, says he, if by chance a giant is found capible of sweeping the board with list up, let him do it. Another thing, this raising of weights would give first-class men a show, and do away with the miser able little mannikins that ride now, and such a vile thing as a jockey's ring would be impossible. " Pendragon" also thinks that races fur even weighted three-year-olds, without added money, are doomed. Begging your parding. friend " Waxy," Grafton did start for the Hunt Club Hurdles at Rose hill on July 7. He carried list 71b, top weight. D. Cortis rode him and was second passing the stand first time, but was never in the hunt afterwards. The time^-4min 6sec—for the two miles was a bit too fast for him. Had he been started in the Steeple, he would about have won. According to the Sporting Life, Gorry, through flash riding, chucked away the Flying Handicap on Monte Christo, who was reckoned a certainty. The same paper says t :at to keep the public off, Keith went on to the course with his shoes on, said plates being quickly taken off when the stable money was i>n all rigut. It is intended to hold a midsummer rac»« meeting at St. George. The prizes will be well worthy of a big entry list. From Chnrleville comes a good yarn re the too well-known Johnny Sam. His owner intended to bring him to Brisbane, and some bookmakers know ing this nominated him for Welford races so as to lay hirn for dead wooi as a soft thing. A local publican then, as they thought, fell into the trap, and backed hirn at .£300 to £L2 for the double. In the meantime Johnny was taken off towards Charle ville, but the wily pu -lican sent post hast to the owner, bought Johnny right out, and sent him to Welford. Rocklea programme arrived too late for review this week. See advertisement. Mr. G. Stanfield has been elected to fill the vacancy on Tattersall's committee caused by Mr. B. Ben' ley'* decease. Charley Burton may be thankful he sold His Worship, alias " The Bishop." He died at Charters Towers the other day. He was a fast horse at one time. He was by Warlike—Azalea. Mr. Smythe's new purchase Optima is a half-sister, she being by Wilberforce—Az tha. Adventurer, the chestnut-roan gelding by Debon nair, recently purchased by Mr. C. H. Holmes, has again changed nands, Mr. Campbell having bought him. If old Grafton had not had so much cattle cuttiug out, etc., in his early youth, what a ringer he would have been now, as he would have, certainly, been prossessed of more pace. Do any of my readers know a mare named Miss Ruby ? Do they also know the Epigram—Sunrise filly, Silver Queen, who is 'as pretty as a picture ? Do they know Jasmiue ? " Of course, we know all three," says you " Well, if you had to place 'em in a sbow, where would Miss Ruby come in?" says I. * Last, of course." says you. " Yes, but you see they manage things differently at Ipswich, she was first! " '• 'Myes," again eays you, and there you are. Mr. R. R. Dawbarn has resigned his seat on the committee of Rjckhampton TattersnU's Club, also th« appointment of handicapper. Referring to the opinion held by the Queen-slander that the decision in 'the Gympie Cup was wrong as i Miss Newbold was second, and that in the excite ment of the moment, the judge, probably, forgot the «»rder in which the horses passed the post, the Gympie Times remarks :—" If anybody was unduly excited it must have been 'Rattler' himself, on! seeing how his verdant tip for the Cup—Miss New-! bold—was left behind when Pirate tried to draw up to Lauristina in the four^i round." 1 read in a Bundaberg paper that the running of New Fashion in the Town Plate caused dissatis faction. He was ridden very wide out, bus was also ridden w»ll out. However,-the stewards asked the reason why, and were told that the horse hurt his toot on the hard cotirse in th« previous rare, in con sequence of which Mr. Oondren instructed Patter son to keep the colt oa the grass. By doing this he naturally rode wide. Verdict, " don't do it again." J>360 was paid away at the settling, Mr. Murray taking the lion's share with £155, Dan Trihey collaring £55. From local papers I find that there was a show at Ipswich last week. In the blooi stock section, Mr. M'G-ill maie things look very blue for the other competitors, as he secured no less than nine first and four second prizes in the 13 different classes. The Epigram horse, Rainbow, took first prize for stallions over four years; Sweetbread second. If this latter is the animal that succeeded in winning the Maiden at Goodna last year, I am anxious to know what other competing horses, if any, theie were in this section. Foreman and Faithful naturally swept the board: in the two-year-old class for colts and fillies, whilst Our Boy did ditt) in the yearling class. But how or why Miss Ruby was considered a better mare than1. Silver Queen or Jasmine is a thing no fellow can understand. Builder and Lord Vermont, belonging to D. Tait, senr., took the cake for trotting stallions. The show was poorly attended; in fact, lots of people in Bris bane were unaware that anything in that line wa3 going. Nanango races were very successful, so much so that a third day's racing was got up. Quicksilver won the Nanango and Hermit the Midwinter Handicap, Cranbrook won the Sires' and Memorial the Mares' Produce Stakes. Not having been favored with the Sandgate pro gramme, I can't say anything about it. It is to be hoped that the course will be in a little better order than last time. The Cooktown Courier suggests that "the N.Q..RA, would only be acting courteously in at once intima ting its existence officially to the Q.T.C., and emphasising the fact at the same time that the newly-formed association has any amount of life in it and has no intention of knuckling under to the 'old lady ' in the South." With all due i espect to the opinion of a contempo rary on the Southern handicaps, handicapping 50 or 60 horses is very different from handicapping 20. If the Queensland contingent were handicapped by themselves, taking a line by the last Brisbane Oup, Theorist should give La Grange something under 201b, they having chen ran a dead heat at those weight?, La Grange, however, making the dead heat. As a matter uf fact, Theorist in the Melbourne Cup has 8st and La Grange 6st 12lb, a difference of 161b only, a very fair thing, too, so that whatever chance La Grange has, Theorist mus% all things being equal, have as good so far as La Grange is concerned. As for Marinea, she could not have less' than 6st 71b, that being the limit, and I cannot see that she has a ghost of a show in the Cup, for though short of work here, she did not give any great proof of her staying powers; moreover, sne would not have won had not Sirius been seriously interfered with. As for Greywing's bad treatment, well, up here, being top weight on the w.f.a. scale, he runs second to Ormond in a fast seven furlongs. And yet the same writer thinks Ormond quite good enough to win sprint races down South j this is "hardly consistent. At the same time I think Grey wing is not too well treated; but he is an improving horse and will in September be poundsiDetter than in May last. 'As for Ormond, he would have as much show of winning the Newmarket, say, as I would on foot. But, as said before, if you handicapped every horse on his individual merits as compared with any five or six other?, the absolute top weight would be up about 12st. Take for instance toe last 20 horses in the Melbourne Cup list. They all have the same weight, but enter those 20 in a race by themselves and you would probably find a difference of over a stone between the top and bottom weights. As for Pirate feeling like a two-year-old with 7st 101b up, I reckon if he ever feels in his two-year-old form it will be about in his dotage, for he never could win a race at that stage of his career. Lyndhurst, Touch stone, and La Grange are the trio of Queen slanders from whom we may expect anything, and of the three the twj> last, if fit., are the best to back. For the life of me I can't see why Lyndhurst is so won derfully well in j Merry Duchess is apparently hi& boss, and she wa9 no great shakes down South. Ac tne Manchester meeting (England), a party starting with £1 ran it iato ju$t £1600 in less than three days. Friar's Balsam is expected to_ be O.K. by the* Leger day in September. The Duke of Portland, the owner of Ayrshire! told his jockey to win " easily if he could," not being a fancier of heads and neck business. A London paper remarks that the Epsom Gran 1 Stand Co. have no earthly right beyond " use and wont" to include the Derby in their programme. Owcers run for their own money, the Co. adding nothing, and if owners chose they could run the Derby at Kempton Park for all the Grand Staad people could say. They make-a real good thing out of it, and if they don't look out some other race course company will start a Derby on similar lines with, uj, ,£5000 added money. Such action might change the present state of affairs considerably. After all, Johnny Osborne, who is 60, did not r.de Ayrshire in the Derby, having the mount on Crow berry instead, and, as he took the horse wide at Tottenham corner, he came in for nasty remaiks The stakes were worth .£3675, just half the amo int of Lord Lyon's Derby (£7350) in 1866. The interest is evidently decreasing. The Victorian Minister for . Lands has given a Crown grant for the Caulfield coarse to the V.A.T.C. on essentially permissive terms only; that is to say, the club may be at any time called on to give up possession, and the Government retaius the power to override any regulations the management make. The existence of bookmakers is not recognised by the Government at all, and no regulation re license fees will be sanctioned. For all that the fee will be charged somehow. The management will consist of a joint committee to be selected by the trustees and the shire council. Mr. J. J. Miller, of sweep fame, is not to be daunted by bad luck. He has just sent to the States for four more trotters, to wit—Red Wind, b.h., 4 years, by Red Wilkes (whose fee is .£100)— Carrie Norman. Prince Wilkes and Phil Thompson, sons of Red Wilkes, have records of 2.16 and 2.16£ respectively; a grey mare Lucretia, by Grey Hawk Grey Fan; another mare, by Red Wilkes, and she is to be stinted to Wilson—record, 2 19. These animals will arrive about the end of September, and the whole cost will be about J63000. Though there will be a hard fight, there is every chance of the Totalisator Bill passing in Adelaide. I have to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of the July number of the QT.O. Calendar. By-the way, the Calendar says that Darkness is the winner of the list Blackal! Handicap. It should be Day break, Darkness disappearing. They can still gallop in effete England, as the following times will show :—If mile and 196 yards in 3min 11 l-5th sec; 5 furlongs, won in a canter, in lmin 3sec; not to speak of Minting's mile, with lOst nip, in lmin 41 3-5th sec. "By-the-way, Minting's ilittle impost in the Royal Hunt Cup at Ascot was «only list 21b, the lowest being 5st 71b. Mr. W. Cooper has erected a beautiful memorial to poor Alec. Robertson. Sandgate piogramme, with its valuable prizes, should attract any amount of—hacks. It is a pity after all the blow about what was to be, the result, as yet, is so little. It is also a pity that the Kedron Park races were knocked on the head, for there the added money was a fair thing, considering that one man ran the whole show. The Sandgate Club can only muster two-thirds of the amount Mr. Collier offered, whereas, considering thfir course is not so Landy to hcise owners, they should goffer more. Uaggin, the great Californian breeder, is giving up racing and intends to stick to breeding only. No t-table boy is allowed a watch in his stable, and he never lets the jockey who ride's his tria's know the name of the horse he is riding. Mr. E. Monahan, in a letter to the Northern Miner, writes that "the committee of Charters Towers Club appear to be afraid of their secretary." The Bowen Hurdle Race has fallen through for lack of entries. At Mackay, Gilders won the Opening Handicap; Bjb Whiffler the President's Cup; Gambler the Turf Club Handicap; Gilders the Purse, and Fiction i the All-aged. The second day—Felton won the I "Flying; Gambler the Pioneer Handicap; Tharwa the Separation Handicap; Stewardess the Selling Race; Gambler the Farewell. 