The Advertiser FRIDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1883. A new days ago members of the Houses of Assembly were considering the ques- <*> tion of adding a few hours weekly to the ordinary sittings. The chief point de- bated was whether the House should sit on Friday afternoon, or in preference hold an evening session on Thursday. It was ultimately resolved to adopt the latter course as being more convenient to the country members, who 11 Ye to get back to their homes before tbe end of the week. Seeing that the close of the ectslon U still comparatively far 09, the decision to *lt late three day* in the week Ib both unusual and significant. The Tuesday and Wednesday evening meetings were commenced much earlier iii tbe session than is customary. It can not be complained by the electors that members have failed to devote a great deal of time to the business brought be fore them. But tbe results of their de liberatlcns have been by no means pro* portlonate to the length of the sitting*. Id fact legislator* are rather troubled in their minds. If they are paid to talk their ealarles have been well earned ; bat members recognise that with talk, ending in poor performances, tbe constituencies will not be satisfied. Tbe prorogation should take place at the latest by the middle of December, bat the arrears of work are alarmingly large! and prodigious efforts will now be re quired to save tbe session from a charge of barrenness. Who Is responsible for tbe lamentable waste of time 1 The con duct of public business is In the hands of the Government, and they cannot expect to be held quite blameless In the matter. Ministers of course are apt enough' to find excuses. They complain that mem bers, Id eplte of all warnings, will persist in hammering out every subject to the last degree of attenuation. True, they appear powerless to check the stream ct talk, bat tbe absence of power in the very quarter where it should exist is not a satisfactory de fence. Much time might be saved were the business better arranged. The Colton Government eet an excellent example in the direction of economising time by a careful arrangement of the notice-paper. Of that Ministry the pre sent Premier, Attorney • General, and Commissioner of Crown Lands were mem bers, but they do not appear to have profited aa much as they might liave dose from the lessons in practical statesman chip eet by their former leader. With a Boose disorganised, and a Government leaving everything to chance, It la not ear prising that the session thus far should exhibit ench meagre results. We need not seriously consider a sug gestion like that of Mr. Hove, that if nece??ary the House should eit till June next. Such remarks mean nothing, and eveiybody knows they mean nothing. We are not yet ready in this colony to copy the plan of the New gonth Wales Parliament, which eita pretty well all the year. Every member understands per- j fectly well that as soon as Ministers get through with their Estimates their one desire will be to pass the Appropriation Bill, and bring tte session to a dose as rapidly as possible. All Ministries are alike in that respect. Accordingly it may be taken for granted that the House will not sit till June next, however willing Mr. Howe may be. The session will probably terminate early in December, i That being the prospect, the question Is how can the intervening time be most' profitably employed ? In determining this problem, the Hoose properly looks to the Government for guidance. It 1b clearly the duty of Ministers to confine attention to tho?e measures which there ib eufticlent time to deal with- To waste debating power on Bills that cannot possibly be passed is surely the height of folly. The Land Bill is a measure that cannot be abandoned, bat judging from the opening debates in committee its con tideration will require much time. The Land Commissioners could not agree in framing their report, and now the Bill Is before the House they are found to be, even to a greater extent than was Imagined possible, at variance on Im portant points of policy. Bat passing a Bill Is a much less simple matter than framing a report, and It is evident that the varying views of 52 members on the land question render it an exceedingly difficult task to arrive at a common basis of agreement. Still there mast be land reform, and the session cannot decently close without it. Another subject that must be taken in hand is the framing of a public works policy. Yesterday the Go vernment indicated the. various works for the construction of which they propose a new loan. These will require careful and exhaustive criti cism, and the Loan Bill will supply ample material for a long debate. Inci dentally the question of providing means for the further development of the Barrier trade calls for solution before the cession cloeea. Indeed, the sooner it is settled the belter it will be. This ques tion, like that of land and public works, may justly be regarded as one of positive urgency. "With such matters, likely to evoke considerable discussion, remaining to be dealt with by two Houses In the course of a few weeks, it is olivions that crowding the notice-paper with a variety of topics, on which a conclusion cannot be reached this year, is altogether a mistaken policy. We should certainly like to see the Federal Council Bill proceeded with. To some extent it involves the good name of the colony. But if it be true, as Mr. Bews avers, that there is a solid majority already determined against the Bill, It be comes a serious question for the Govern ment to consider whether they will risk a great waste of valuable time in the vain hope of carrying a measure rnthlessly condemned beforehand. The Govern ment ought to know what their chances are. We confers that we should prefer to have a division taken, if only that the country might know who are the members who persist in forcing South Australia into an isolated and dis creditable position among the colonies, In defiance of the intercolonial compact to which in honor we are committed. But about some other Bills that cumber the notice-paper there need be no hesita tion. The Education BUI Is placed in front of the Municipal Corporations Bill. , The latter may, and ought to be carried : the former it is simply impossible to pass this session. Ministers cannot have deceived themselves upon this point. They cannot be blind to the fact that the attempt to Introduce the thin edge of a system of subsidised denomi national education will arouse a storm of opposition against which it Is j hopeless to contend. Equally certain Is it that discussion of this Bill will afford opportunities for raising other controver sial subject?, euch as free education, for the settlement of which there is unfor tunately no time during the present acs- I sion. Notice has been given for Tuesday j next of the promised Electoral Bill. I Here again the Government are simply j playing with the House. Nobody has j asked for this Bill, and it will do no good. To bring it forward at this stage is simply to invite an aimless and unpro fitable debate. If Instead of asking members to throw away precious moments In debating measures that there Is not the ghost of a chance of passing, the Government had redeemed their pledges by Introducing some useful legislation with regard to tha Northern Territory, they wonld have exhibited a truer ap preciation of their responsibility to the House and the country. Time has been frittered away in the discussion of matters of Infinitely less consequence. Now, it is to be feared, the Northern Territory will have to wait another year before Its land and mining laws receive the atten tion they deserve. The partial failure of the present session Is Inevitable. It rests mainly with the < Government to determine whether it shall be only partial or very nearly complete. Telrgrapbic commenicfttion with l>oaJoa is still interrupted, and it ie not yet known when the broken cables between Port Lter<vin and Java will be repaired. Elsewhere we publish a nun.ber of telegrams received by Mr. S. Koevett, .the Adelaide ag-ent for the Cable Company, on the subject. They show thst every endeavor is beinff made by the company to restore communication as speedily as i*cseible. The Madras-Penan? cable v also understood to be repaired, bat no efheial intimation of the faot has yet reached Adelaide. If it is so. the steamer Recorder will be free to assist the Oaborn in the cable repairing work. When this is completed the Recorder will take soundings for the proposed cable from Banjoewangie to Broome (Roebuck Bay, Western Australia). This cable is now being manufactured, and will be laid about January, ISS9, should all 90 well. There is no doubt the interruptions in July were cacaed by volcanic disturbance, and great ditbculty has been experienced in putting; in thorough repair and renewing portions of both the Darn-ia Jaia cables. It is thought the Osborn may hive pone through the Is7l> cable, earning the present interruption, while repairing tne 1871 cable, and may apsafe with Port LMr win at any moment. The House cf Ai3en.bly devoted nearly the whole of Thursday a bitting to a discussion on the Land EiU, and comparatively little pro gress was made owing to the number of speeches on every clause. Not only the num bers of the li&nd; Commission, but also a number of members who pose as land reformers found it necessary to rise more than once for the purpose of giving expression to their views. The greatest right took place on clause 17, when the whole question of the advisableneas of having personal residence on the land taken up from the State was entered into. Mr. Howe moved an amendment to this clause, the effect of which was that the land boards should give preference to an applicant for land who intended to personally reside on it. This opened up the question of the desirable ness or otherwise of settling a population on the soil, and all members were agreed on this point, bat some h&rdly; saw how the amendment was to accomplish this object. Still, the subject a3brded a- great many argument* pro and con, and it was not until nearly half-put s> o'clock that a division took place. The amendment was then agreed to by a majority of two votes, and the clause as amended having been agreed to, pro?rera was reported. The next business waa the consideration of the postponed items on the Estimates. The recommendations of the Civil Servtoe Commission, which the Government adopted, to dispense with the services of the chairman of (he Destitute Board called forth a vigorous protest from Mr. Gilbert, who is a member of tha board. Mr. Gilbert contended that it would be impossible for Mr. Lindsay, the superintendent of the Destitute Asylum, to also undertake the duties now carried out by Mr, Reed. The taon. luatnber (net with a good ;foa! of aappoct, but Mr. Betrs. at * a.ember of the O;?ii Service CommiflaioD,assured tbeHousethatthe rtcommendation of the commission if acted upon would in no way impair the efficiency of the department. A strong point was made of the fact that a letter explanatory of hia evi dence cent to the commission by Mr. James Str.ith had not been published.andtheGaiern n.ent were asked to postpone the item until thia letter was produced to the House. The Treasurer, however, was adamant, and Sir John Downer moved that the item should be 'postponed. This was negatived on a division by five votes, and tbe proposal of the Govern ment was then agreed to without dissent. Some debate took place on the vote for the Central Board of Health, Air. Bern protesting against tbe report of the commission being ignored, and asserting that undae influence bad been brought to bear in order that Dr. Whittell might be retained intis present posi tions. This brought Sir John Downer to his feet in defence of Dr. Whittell, and it was some little time before the item was passed. An attempt to reconsider the vote for tne pur chase of pictures for tbe Art Gallery waa negatived, although there seemed to be a strong desire in certain quarters to strike the item out. Indeed Mr. Borgoyne intimated that euch was his desire. After this the reso lutions of the Committee of Supply were re ported, and they will be taken into considera tion on Tuesday nest. There has been considerable speculation of late in the colony, particularly amoDgst thoee interested in copper mining and who are not acquainted with the position of the copper market, as to whether tbe present price of tbe metal is likely to be maintained. It is true that thoee who bave followed the movements in the market predict a permanence of the good prices, but tbe forebodings of confirmed pessimists who are not well informed on the subject and *uit their facts to their fancies, bave assisted to disturb the public mind in regard to copper, and so damage a very valu able colonial interest. It has been stated that during tbe present month there has been a heavy fall in tbe value of copper, so heavy in fact m to give cause for grave alarm to copper mine owcere, and in support of this the drop in the nominal value of Chili bars from nearly £100 to £7* is quoted. But only those who are quite ignorant of the subject would caU this fall in Cbili bars a fall in tbe price of copper, for it is nothing of the sort. The late movements in Chili bars have really bten independent of the actual market value of copper, that is the price at which it is purchased by consumer*, and tile fluctuations in tbe former are purely accidental, arujng in the first place from the fact that this denomination of copper happened to be the market standard. Some time ago tbe great French Copper Syndicate bought from speculators forward a large quan tity of capper, Chili bars as the stan dard beiog tbe brand stipulated. Most of the contracts fell due in September last, and in the meantime the syndicate had completely " cornered " the Chili bans, tbe price of which of course wasarnt up amazingly. The "bears" found not only that the price of copper had generally risen instead of collapsing as tbey had expected, but that they had to buy Chili bare from the syndicate at an abnormally high price in order to resell thea at a value lower than the then normal pries of copper. But although the price of Chili bars was thus sent up for the ducamuture of the "bears" consumers have been able all along to purchase the brand at a much lower price: in fact they have never at any time had to pay rcore than £S0 a ton. And it may be remarked tbat the drop referred to has not been an actual fall at all, as the " bears" now have to p?y t cmetbioK like 11C0 a ton for copper required to complete contracts. Thus the reputed fall from £100 to £TS is entirely fictitious. Many of the remarks frequently made ai to the c im perative ctocks of copper are also misleading owing to tbe changing circumstances being Jeft out of c onr'deration. In connection with this matter it is interesting to know that the Moonta Company's contract with the syndicate, nnder which the latter pur chases Moonta copper at £5 over the pi ice of Chili bars on an average of actual tale*, does not expire until the end of 1359, and we understand that the Wallaroo Com pany have made a contract on tbe same basis, and terminating at the same time, " The Whitechapel murders still remain a mystery—perhaps as great a mystery as ever," rays our London correspondent, writing on September 21, "At the resumed inquest on tbe body of Annie Chapman — the latest victim—however, there was some new and hor rible evidence of tbe terrible character of- the crime, and of tbe anatomical knowledge of the penon who perpetrated it. The medical man who supplied the evidence protested against being compelled to do so. He did not see that it was necessary to enable the jury to arrive at a verdict, and the mutilation of which he had to apeak mijrht nave all occurred after death—much of it most have done co. Of coarse he did not wish to with- j hold the information from tboce to whom it might be of assistance in the endeavor to dis cover the murderer, but he could not see that j it was either necessary or desirable to give it before the Coroner's Court. Tae coroner, however, insisted, and the evidence waa given after the court had been cleared of women aod i children. It related to tne mutilation of the body and tbe absence of certain portions of it which had been removed, and was of such a character that tome of the papers wholly Bopprefsed tbe statement, and others pub lished only a small portion. What is of importance is that it showed not merely the inhuman character of the wretch who coold be capable of such adeed, but also that he was some one postessiDga large degree of anatomi cal knowledge, and apparently very con eideiable ikill in the ehastly use to which be on this occasion put that knowledge. An out cry has been made in some quarters because toe Home Secretary has refused to depart from tbe general role that now prevails not to c ffer a reward for the discovery of the muider;r : but his determination is generally approved by the better sort of people. The practice of offering rewards no doubt tends in some cases to induce people to withhold information at nest in the hips of obtaining tbe reward. In this particular in stance, moreover, tbe stun of £000 is actually offered by private tubecriptioo, so that if there beany virtue in the practice the murderer is cot likely to remain undiscovered because it has | cot been adopted by the authorities. Another story of crime of a startling character has teen made public. It seems that in one particular portion of North London complaints have been frequently wade to the polica by j ft males that vnriol has been thrown on them while they have been walking along tbe public streets, and not less than a hundred such cases have been reported eicte Christmas last. A few days sgo Miss Winifred Brown, a gover- ! nets, felt something warm on her back just aftei sbe had patsed by a man on the footpath. At first she supposed he had accidentally spat upon her, but when she put her hand to her back she found a sticky substance ad heiirg to her glove. The glove was burnt in holes, and her hand was also burnt. Tbe man was the only person besides herself near, and he crossed the road and walked in the opposite direction. Miss Brown followed him, and presently, meeting a police man, gave bun in charge. At first the man, when taken to the police-station, denied having done it, but presently produced a small bottle, raj ing—* Here is the Dottle; I did it.' On bticg <earched he was found to hare another trcall bottle cf similar stuff, and at his lodgings waa found a large bottle of sulphuric acid. Oa beiDg brought before the magistrate he did not deny tbe act, but denied the charge ot attempt ing to do grievous bodily harm. He was re rcanded, and, strange to say, the magistrate consented to admit tbe prisoner to bail in two sureties of £40 each." Soxce SO men ont of work waited oa tbe Commissioner of Public Works on Thursday morning to aek for employment. Mr. Catt referred them to the Treasurer, on whom two of their number waited as a deputation, and asked :hat work or rations might be granted them. Mr. Playford said he did not wish to start relief work?, considering the pro3pect there was of passing the Loan Bill before long. As soon as that was done various works would be opened, such as the drainage of Eastwood, the rtticuUtioo of the Beetaloo pipes, and very probably the removal of the railway workshops to leliogton. It la grated ia the Melbourne Aro.et that Mr. Rowland Rees, M.P., as chairman of the txardcf trustees of the Adelaide Public Art Gallery, baa been authorised to expand an additional £SGO :n pictures at the Melbourne Exhibition. This matter was discussed in the Honse of Assembly on Tuesday evening, and tbe Trfarorer, in reply to questions, said the statement was not correct, adding that the Government were not aware of any sum of 1500 havina: been asked for, Bsing further (reeeed on the subject he said he had received a telegram from Mr. Bees alluding to some re marks he bad made in the House, and in reply bad informed that gentleman that tbe purchase of pictures for the Art Gallery must be post poned, A deputation organised by the Chamber of Con nierce. will wait upon the Premier to-day en toe subject of the Barrier trade. We have been furnished by tha Collector of Cubtcms with tbe following return, showing the esport of staple products of the Kortnern Territory to South Australia proper during tbe jear ending September SO last:—Gold, 1,767 cz,, value £6,475; silver lead bullion, ?"■: ton?, £125; silver ore, 21. \ tons, £603 \--copper ore, : ton, £11; sugar, 756cwt, £641; hide*, 132 in number. £90 ; wool. 700 ,lb,, £10 ; specimens natural history, £273: fresh fruit, 1 tnubeJ, £1; total, £3,226. I At < the fortnightly meeting of the Port Corporation held on Tharebay afternoon Coon cillot Weight moved —"That thia council desires to eipress its approval of the way in which Mr, Cleave has carried out his duties a? mayor daring the -past year, and requests that ha will allow biamlf to be nominated for the portion for another ye?r.'' Mr Cleave, in reply, said be would offer himself for the position for another term, After whioa ha would retire. H.M.S, Royalist, a screir cruiser of 1,430 tons, tB expected at the Semaphore early thia morning, She bat been for «oms time stationed at the Cape of Good Hope aod West Coast of Africa. Her officers are: —Captain, G. W. Hand; lieutenants. W. F. Tinnatd, F. J. O. Flamer, J. P. Bollestoo, and A. H. Lyons; Eteff surgeon, J. A. Oollot: staff-paymaster. E. E. Brown; etaff engineer, W. T. Ooope; eurgeon, G. Welch; gunner, A. Collier; boatswains. E. A. Smith and W. BsberU; carpenter, J. Creber, At tee meeting of the Marine Board, held on Thursday, the secretary (air. T. N. Stephens) reported that the trial of burning wood in conjunction with coal in the engine* cf tbe Wilionga dredger, which ha? lately been made, was highly euccessfoL Wood, it was found, was as cheap, or even cheaper to, Lorn than coal, and its tiseassisted inprovidiag' (roployment for farmers on Yotke's Peninsula, sna for the ketches trading on the coast. Tae. toard decided to again employ the other rrtdgerat Port Adelaide, and to hive wool burnt in her furnaces. The secretary of the Fort Adelaide branch • f the Federated Seamen's Colon (Me ft. S. Gutbrit) received word on Thursday evening rom the head office in New Zealand that tha~~ c upnte between tbe Northern Steamship (Jon paby and the Seamen's Union was settled by the owners discharging " blacklegs" and agree ing to pay the came rate of wages as tbe other colonial shipowners. It will be remembered that 12 months ago this dispute started through the Northern Steam?hip Company itfu?iufr to pay the rate of wages aod overtime stipulated in the rales of tha Federated Seamen's Union. The onion em plojes of the company then left their boats, and their places were filled by non-union men. The Seamen's Union defied the company an<l established the "Jubilee Opposition Oom paoy," which was supported by the other branches of the federation to the extent of several hundred pounds per month ; while tha Steamship Company received assistance from the Shipowners' Association. Through tha very severe competition both odes lost heavily, and negotiations were opened up which have now resulted in the cessation of the straggle. The public land Bold for cash daring the a rath of September amounted in area to 617 acres, which realised £617, sad on credit 8,319 acres were disposed of at £8,2*9. The total pajments on account of land during the month amounted to £4,286175. 4d., of which the fol lowing are particulars :—Amount credited to cash sales, £649 4s. lid.; completion of par chase of 1.64<4,: acres, under Act 14 of 1868 9, &.C, £1,662 7b. 6dL; payment of portion of pur chaccmoney, £1,410 6s. CdL; payment of deposit (10 per cent) on account of purchase money, £163 4c.; interest on extension of put chare- money, £2*7155. 10d.; interest on over doe amounts, £1531 da. 7d. Daring the month 653,480 acres wen sold on lease at £2,3617 a. lbd., the particulars being as follows:— Pastoral leases, 527,360 acres, £1,012 65.; mis cellaceous leases. 21.965J acres, £204 65.; grazisg and cultivation lands, 26,16 i acres. £119 13?. 3d.; reserved lands, S.E.D.; 76,180 acres, £396 15s. 9d.; working men's blocks, 1,2C4v tacres, £73 7s. lOd ; mineral leases; 5:0 acree, £28; gold leases, 60 acres, £30. The death wbb announced in our tele graphic columns yesterday of the Hon. F. T. Gregory, at Toowoomba, in Queensland. The deceased gentleman started on an exploring expedition to examine the country between theGasoojne and Mount Marehiso?,- Westers Australia, as early as IS3B, and on that jour ney discovered and named Mount Main, Lockyer Range, Lyons fttver, the Alma, Mount Augustus, ana Mount Hall. On this trip a million acres of good land were found. Be aUo was the leader of an expedition to the north- west coast in 1861, when be discovered and named the De Grey. Foiteecue, and Aehboame Rivers. He eetUid in Queensland in 1562, when he wbb for come time Commissioner of Crown Lands. In 1874 he was appointed a member of the Legislative Council, which position be filled with credit till bis death. He arrived is Western Australia in 1329, and was 63 yean of sge when be died. The gold medal of tha. boyal Geographical Society was awarded him in recognition of his services as an explorer. The monthly meeting of the cammittee of. of the Home for Incurables was held on Thurs day at the Church Office. The treasurer re potted the receipt of the first instalment of a legacy under the will of the late Mr. H. L. Vo*z amounting to £446 175., being £500 less probate dnty and legal charges, ana also ol ton turn of £C 6 Bs. Id, the net proceeds of the entertainment at the Columbia Rink. It was resolved that the amount of the legiey be deposited in the bank for 12 months at interest. A number of applications for admission were considered, and five persons passed for wA miseion when vacancies occulted. The faomt committee reported that the number of in mates was 79, and that November 24 had been fixed upon as tbe date of the strawberry fete so be held in the grounds of the home. Toey intimated that old linen rags and wearing' spparel were much needed, and would be thankfully received. Parcels could be sent either to the home, the secretary, Flinders ttreet, or to the ladies of the committee. The fete is to be held in aid of the building fund, and it is to be hoped that the public will taka advantage' of the opportunity of inspecting tha institution, and at the same time **4"?g tha funds. At tbe invitation of Sir £. T. Smith "about £0 members of Parliament and other gentle men paid a visit to the Zoological Gardens oa Tburtday morning. They were shown all through the grounds by the director (Hr. Miccfcio), and the «iimni« t which now number between 1,200 and 1.3C0, or more than are contained in any other zoological collection in the colonies, were found to be in excellent condition, and the party ex pressed their satisfaction with all tbey saw and tbe way in which the gardens an managed. Subsequently an adjournment was made to the Rotunda, where Sir Edwin enter tained his guests. The health of Sir Edwin South was proposed in complimentary term* by the Ben. Vf. A. E. West-Erskine. Tha toarts of the healths of Sir T. Ktder, Dr. Schomburgk, and Mr. Mim*i« followed. Sir Edwin Smith referred to the opposition which (-xifcted to tbe proposal to place the gardens oa their present situation ; and Dr. Sebombatjgk. in replying, acknowledged that he had dis approved of the severance of that portion of the Botanic Reserve, but he was now eatis&ed; that tbe best thing had been done. Altogether the party enjoyed their inspection, and were very much interested, in the large variety of animals which are now enclosed in the Zoo, The monthly meeting of the committee of the Industrial School for the Blind was held at tbe institution on Tuesday. Mr. C. fi. Gosde presided, and there was a good attendance of members. Dr. T. K. Hamilton and Mr. Chat. Hammond were added to tbe committee. The business and finance committee reported having pai?ed accounts to the amount of £143 Ws. 6d. The manager reported that the sales fcr the month had been £261105., the receipts £193 9a. 4d., and^the expenses £229. The need cf additional capital to work the business was indicated by the fact that while the profit au4 less account showed a credit balance of over i'I.CCO. the unpaid accounts amounted to £616, with only a small sum in hand against tbtte. Gifts of oranges from the Hon. G. O. Hawker, hone-hair from Loch-wood, and free concert tickets from the Rsk Jabitoe Singers were acknowledged with «*m>i-'«. A number cf blind workers had attended the Port Firie Show, where the Bales bad amounted to £3*. Mr. I>. Sterne, home teacher, reported that a successful cot cert trip had been made to tbe noith. Concerts had been given at Port Firie, Laura. Petersburg, Terowie, the ttorra, and Ham!ej BtiOge. In several oases the institute hal)s had been granted free of charge, and local friends had been most kind. The total pro ceeds of the trip, including donations, had been £92, the expenses had been £34, leaving a profit of £56. The report was received with satisfaction, and a vote of thanks was recotded to the various institute committees, and to all other friends who had assisted. Mr. W. R. Steveneon reported that the total profit of the annual meeting had been £17 IBs. 4d., and of tbe recent concert given in North Adelaide Institute bad been £12 Us. 6d. This waa said to have been the most eucoeatfnl con ceit ever siren in Korth Adelaide. Mr. Pybcs and the friend? who assisted him ware ccorded a special vote of thanks. Daring the meetings Sir Alfred Stephen and the Missed Stephen attended and were shown over the nstitution. Sir Alfred, who is associated wittt ■> similar echool in Bydney, expressed nil l leaeure at what he had seen, and thought the Adelaide institution was in some reapeots in t d vance of that in Sydney. He was especially turpiutd to find that the manager, horn? ttachsr, ar_d comiLercial traveller were all I lind. Tfcs drama of "The World' was asain well received at the Theatre Royal on Thursday evening when Mr. Bland Holt and his company ■ret with the frequent plaudits of all present. Tbe s&me; bill will be presented tonight. The large embankments of seaweed situated to tbe north of the Patawalonga dam have become united, presumably through the care less use of matches, 'or from boyish mischief. ?cd although not ablaze yet, smoulder, and dHae ruinate a rather unpleasant odor through out tbe Bay. Unless rain comes the proba bility is that the weed may born for weeks. aa it has on previous occasions, although tha danger involved is not at all serious. Tbe annual meeting of the Tfindmynh rjhea and Draught Club was held in the local in ttitute building on Thursday evening. There was a good attendance, and the president (Mr. T. darkness) occupied the chair. Tae secretary stated tbat tbe vuit of Mr. Wiiba had been a success. The election of oftoers ' was as follows:—President, &I;*. J. Shaw; vice-president, Mr. J. Pollrinjrhont: secretary, Mr. B. Hindley; assistant secretary. Mr, A. H. GUstonbury; treasurer, Mr. P. King: committee, Messrs. A. W. Ralph, H. Han wide, and J. E. Mitton. A vote of thanks was given to the retiring officers. Mr. Guy Boothby's new comedy drama, "Falsely Aocused : or the Course of True Lova," will be played at the Albert Hall this evening by Mr. J. H. Lyons's amateur comedy oomptny. The scene of the piece is placed in England, the tune being the eighteenth century, sod we understand that the plot and dialogue have been carefully worked out and written. A drees rehearsal was held last evening, and passed ofi fairly welL There will be attrac tions in the shape of a minuet and a peri of band-beUs, and it is expected that there will be a good house to witness the work of the young author. The first appearance of the Glenelg minstrel troupe in GJenelg took place in the local town ball on Thursday evening, and was s pro nounced sneoees. The attendance, consider ing the counter attraction, was Rood, and the reception the company received on their debnt must be very encouraging to them. The first part of the programme canaisted of the ortho dox semi-circle performance, songs being tendered by Messrs. W. Hooper (encored), G. Price (encored), F. Smith, and a chorus by the company, the roles of bones and tatnbo being carried out by -Messrs. W. Hooper and G. Price respectively. The farce, "Toe BanDted Howe," by Messrs. E. Balph and W. Hooper, created a lot of fun, as also did a stump oration by Mr. H. AllehuMh. A character song by Mr. J. Turner was well received, and a comedy entitled " Old Dad's Cabin" concluded the entertainment.'.the parts being well sustained by Messrs. W. Hooper, G. Price, EL Allchnrch, and F. Smith. A Mikado carnival was held at the Nor wood skating rink on Thursday evening, and like most of the attractions at this popular place of amusement was very largely attended. Several of the linkers donned Japanese cos tone, the effect thus obtained being exceed ingly picturesque, and the dicssos of the ladies made a very pleasing diversification. In ad dition to these costumes a number of the ladies and rgeatiemea taking part in tin carnival assumed fancy dresses, a Ztngariaa costume by a most accomplished rinlttuc being exceed ingly tasteful. A good band was in atten dance, and a most pica mint evening was spent. Keit Monday evening a children's carnival will take place, and other novelties are pro mised. The Norwood rink is decidedly in creasing in popularity. Although the weather is warm, roUer-abatinfr is not a violent exercise to those acquainted with the art, and in any well ventilated room it nay be indulged in with comfort. The rink covers a lane space, the floor fa in excellent condition, and pattens receive every attention from the management. The annual exhibition of the Goodwood Art, Floral, and Industrial Union was opened on Thursday evening by Mr. W. F. Stock, M.P. The exhibits on the whole were worthy of great praise. The leading features in the room were a case of books, bound by the exhibitor, Mr. J. Ongden. and a large cone work picture-frame by a yonnir lady member of the union. The competition in needlework of all descriptions was very keen. Although the exhibits in the pastry division <« C re not numerous they looked very tempting and attracted a large portion of the visitors. During the evening ? promenade eonoert was successfully carried out, the con tributors being as follows—Meedames Bray, Morris, BickeataS and Goodeaough. Misses Pratt and Allan, and Messrs Habbard, Ongden, Kyd, Hanger, and Jamil. The pro ceedings passed off vsrytatisfactorily, a goad muster befog present; The «bow will be con tinued untflto- morrow evening. The advertisements with referenct to amasemeoti appear on the second page. The annual meeting ot the S.A. Society of Arts will take place this afternoon. A concert win beheld USt. AogaaUne's Sunday. ffVK)I, Uuey, this evening. Xbe *w?m?i social is connection with the Port Ade laide Football Otub win be held at Hood's Hotel, Port, this evening. A meeting ol ladies favorable to the Women's Snf frage League Is to be held in the Kent lown Vesleyao lectnre-haU this afternoon. The jnresDe flower show and indriktrial exhlbltioa, yearly odd at the North arteUirtr Consregstioul Church, win take place to-dar. 