THE 8KETCHER. THE DISCOVERY OF THE SOURCES OF THE YARRA. By FIELD NATCRALIST. PABTIIL TIIE SCENERY AND WILD LIFE. Messrs. Walpole and Thomas retraced their steps and arrived at Stewart's Station on the Woori Yalloak on the 7th March, having occupied eight days to reach the river's source and seven days in returning:. Dnring the explorers' eventful and now historical peregrinations the dark virgin woods afforded curious and anomalous forms of animal and bird life, as well as highly interesting and beautiful species of plants. Orten at evening, when the adventurers were forming camp for the night, tired, and wet with heavy thunderstorms and with every prospect of turning into their damp blankets supperless, a pair of great kingfishers or laughing jack asses would perch on some convenient limb overhead, and being naturally of an inquiring torn of mind, they would inquisitively watch the actions of the campers, every now and again giving voice to their rollicking laughter-like notes, as if indeed really amused at the pitiable plight of the travellers. But notwithstanding the sarcastic laughs, they vrete generally able to construct a snug mia mia, which invariably consisted of fern-tree fronds. The dead brown ones that cling downwards about the trunk furnished material for the couch, and the handsome long green ones, placed slantingly by aid of a rough ridgepole, formed an effectual break on the ireather side, thus completing an exceed ' llf simple and romantic bower. When njrihliiwild country the explorers tiwideep in their bower, but about a ; for fear ot being surprised m Slacks, should they be in Then,when darkness camp-tire, causing I to-'{lance among r*a «aUs of <* jniwe " ids must -have travellers-especially after they had eeen the last of poor Hoddle'a jerked beet. Perhaps another thunderstorm suddenly gathera A sea ot eucalypt foliage and loose bark is in violent motion with gusts of wind. The lightning is vivid. Occasional flashes tear zig-zag across the mountains. Thunders echo and re-echo across the valley, ending in an almost inaudible grumble in ttie distant hills. The storm, with little or no rain, as suddenly departs to spend itself on the Great Divide beyond. At last the moon would rise, and as its disc shone through a rift in the dispersing clouds it would clothe all the adjncent spurs in silvery mists, through which the silent, spectacular-like dead gum trees stood out like BO many sheeted ghosts, thereby conveying a most dreadfully weird and melancholy appearance to the baifled conscience; but to the explorers -the lovers of nature-how transporting and elevating was the whole scene1 And well could be understood Schubert's word-painted part-son;;, " Night in the Forest" " Ever sweet art thou, 0 night! In the forest sweeter far, Where thy starry ryes gleam bright, where thy soft enchantments are! Where the leaves, like fairy croblets, overflow with dewy wine, And the moon's unclouded radianoe fills eaoh glade with light divine." So the night would pass on, varied some times by the loud Bqueals ot Hying squirrels, the guttural noises of playful opossums, the grunting of a koala or native bear, or by a pack of hungry dingoes braying the camp-fire with hideous howls. One night Walpole observed two shining eyes in an abyss of darkness. Discharging his gun, he found in the morning the carcass of a native dog. In the mornings and evenings, more especially among the ranges, the gullies rang with liquid, melodious calls of the lyre-bird or wonderful Menura, which is probably the best mimic and one of the most remarkable feathered creatures in the world. Their little hillocks or dancing-grounds, upon which the male capers to display his tail, were noticed in hundreds throughout the scrubs. As the cock birds are usually pretty lively in Feb ruary and March, the explorers were often delighted by the mockery of these birds, so perfect was the imitation of the " morepork " ) of the owl, the laughter of the jackass, the crack of the coach-whip bird, or the higher pitched and more subdued notes of smaller fry, interspersed with their own loud native trills of exquisite sweetness, the perform ance being now and again varied with the imitation of the grunting of the koala, the howling of the dingo, or other famiiiar forest sounds. Several lyre-birds were 6hot by the explorers as they Hew across the open over the river. A very dark variety of lyre-bird, nnd also albinos, arc known to exist above Reefton. The Upper Yarra track produces a scarcity of bird and animal life compared with other parts of the colony, therefore game, both winged and furred, is at a premium. Of course there are heard the ever-tuneful notes of the magpie, the melodious song of the butcher bird, and now and again the metal lic-sounding utterances of their near ally, the grey magpie (Strepera). The harmonious thrush, as its name well implies, enlivens a few localities with its harmonic strains. A few other smaller birds may be noted in the vicinity of the river, principally honey-eaters-the black-capped or lunulated, the yellow-faced, with more chirp ing song, the Tasmanian, &c.; Wood swal lows (Artamus) cut the air with graceful actions, or clustered at evening about the hollow spouts of lofty trees. Acunthizas and other scrub-tits actively threaded the thickets, the domain of the familiar yellow robin. Flycatchers dart over a Bilent river reach shaded by trees. All after insect life. A litle cormorant sometimes ilies np or down the long reaches; but the Gang Gang cockatoo, with its grey dresB and lovely scarlet poll, appeared to enjoy a home among i the boughs of the messmate gums. They were almost too busily engaged devouring j the seeds of these trees to notice any stranger passing underneath. Along the same kind of ridges (messmate) is heard the whistling cry of the spotted gronnd thrush, which threads its way quickly through a burnt patch, and when flushed rises with a burrina sound like quail. A pretty Bight was often witnessed, namely, that of a flock ot white cockatoos flying across the face of a mountain. How the j dark foliage doubly intensified the snowy j plumages, notwithstanding the laboured j flights and ear-grating cries ! Yet ot all the j momentary flashes of feathered beauty beheld, few surpassed the undulating flight of three or tour lovely crimson-bodied parrakeets (Pennant's) on cerulean bine wings as they coursed down a sloping gully where the verdant crowns of continuous tree-ferns relieved perfectly the exquisitely rich plumage of the birds. The large, handsome King lory, with its military scarlet breast, is tolerably common, but is generally so high in trees as to be out of sight and gun-shot In addition to these already mentioned, the few other animals to be observed are wallaby near the river and wombats on the npper ridges of the hills. As a proof of the scarcity of animal life the following incident may be worth citing. When the explorers were returning between the river'd source and Stewart's their rations (after travelling on short allowances) entirely gave out, and for flesh they had to subsist on wbat scanty game the buBh afforded, and always with the proviso that they were lucky enough to bag it as it crossed the scrub. Just at dusk one evening a native bear was espied firmly seated in a forked bough. A shot or two failed to dislodge it. It was now dark, there ! fore the explorers determined to take watch and watch about during the night* in the event of the animal falling ; if not, at all events, to prevent its escape down the tree; then in the morning the sanguinary attack would be renewed. The long midnight hours speedily flew, and sleep was chased away with the thought of savoury bear-cutlets in the morning At length day broke, but the bear-where was it? Decamped. The dis appointed explorers sapposed that by the connection of some of the upper foliage of the tree with adjacent timber, the bear, fortunately for itself, made tracks to another part of the forest. That quaint little paradox, the duck-billed platypus, or ornithorhynchhs, was observed frequently floating motionless on the surface of quiet pools in thie river, or at times basking on logs; while in the larger placid pools splendid large blackfish were found, and when transferred to the pot made wel come additions to the bill of fare. Bnt it was somewhat singular after the first fish was caught its companions persistently refused the bait, although they could be distinctly seen swimming round about it in the trans parent water. Therefore, when a fish was taken a cast was made in another hole. Some fresh- water crayfish (Astacopsis) were also secured, and so large that tbey had to be severed before the quart pot would accommo date one. They proved excellent- eating, although somewhat watery. In moist gullies a handsome black snail (Helix) existed, also multitudes of small auk land-leeches, Thelatter are mott Ban guinary creatures. If unobserved, they hold on tenaciously, and suck the blood of any intruder-man or beast During the mild summer evenings mosquitoes-a small variety -were almost intolerable. No description of Australian bush would be realistic or complete without its snake " yams." So it goes without saying that during such sultry months as February and March the explorers were constantly meet ing with snakes, both in and out ot the river. Black snakes, with skins oi resplendent lustre, were the most common, especially on bare, Bunny patches. But where the wire grass was very thickly matted on bushes several feet above the ground, great tiger snakes were observed at times basking, and, on being disturbed, like " greased " lightning would shuffle off their mortal coils." May the Shakspearian Society forgive the use of the phrase for such low things as^these "spotted Bnokes with double tongue." Of all the ophidians, however, the most interest ing was a fairly-sized leaden-coloured snake with a white stripe down either side and underneath parts light-coloured. It was venomouB, and common about M'Mahons Creek. It was put down as a variety of the ordinary copper-headed snake, but appeared uncommonly like (with the exception of being larger) a enake since described before the Linnean Society of New South Wales as Hoplocephalns Bransbi. Who Mr. Bransby is we know not, but had his Bnakeship been named alter the peculiar Btriped sides, any novice would have no difficulty in identifying it at once. The explorers were, indeed, in great botani cal regions. The manner in which portions of the Yarra track mountains are clothed must be actually witnessed before the gigantic proportions and luxuriant density of vegeta tion can be even imagined. Forests that are no ordihary forests, but abnormal, so to speak, by three being rolled into one. First., thickly-clustered elegant tree - ferns and endless scrubs entwined with many varieties of parasitical climbers, forming fairy-like bowers and dells, full of fallen timber, and covered with fungoid growth of every form; second, medium-sized trees, notably myrtle, saesafras, fragrant musk trees, dogwood, pittosporum, Blackwood and other acacias, native hazel and beech, kc.; third and last, but by no means least, is a heavy forest com bination of colossal messmates, blackbutts, white and other gums. Standing beneath these giants, in very deed beholders " are in their own sight as grasshoppers." The whitegum, sometimes known as moun tain ash, and botanically as Eucalyptus amygdalina, is the tidiest, and, with its con geners, the most ancient ot the vegetable kingdom on the face of the globe. A forest of white gums will average 200ft. to 300ft. in height, aud all individuals as struight as arrows. Many fallen trees have mea sured 350ft., and cne "old man," by actual tape measurement, was 435ft. The tallest of the few famous big trees in California, America, is only325:t. A great naturalist and traveller has said, I "There is nothing in tropical vegetation so perfectly beautiful as a tree-fern "-an utter-. I ance exclaimed whilst gazing upon indi vidual specimens only, standing amongst vegetation of great wealth, including grace ful palms of many species. But what bounds would his euthusiasm have known had he beheld with the Yarra explorers the sloping river banks and mountain sidling* com pletely studded with noble orbicular crests of the tree-feru-Dicksonia alsophila-the palm, so to speak, ot our temperate woods. Here Nature outrivals Nature, Nothing can excel a glance, whether up or down hill, towards the numberless dark slender stems varying from 10ft to GOit in height, each sup porting handsome umbrella-like frondage, the bright and pleasant verdancy of which is a hundredfold enhanced by being set in the darker foliage of the surrounding scrub. The other tree-iern (D. antarctica) possesses more lengthened and erect frondage, has thicker and more woolly butts, and is the spec es which transforms the secluded mountain waterconrses into those romantic sy I van nooks known as fern-tree gullies. Old diggers on the Upper Yarra cannot lind words to convey the charming loveliness of a scene among tree-ferns after a enowstorm. Seen from above, the dazzling whiteness of the snow resting upon bowing fronds bafiies human expression ; wbilst to walk underneath amid the brown fern-trunks, and to look upward to the fronds like so many pretty arches sup porting a vast roof of snow, is a sensation alike exhilarating and novel. Up abont what is now known as Reefton and the upper mountain tracts was seen growing plentifully that beautiful lycopodium familiarly known as " mountain moBs," and Bold in bunches to travellers over the Blue Mountains near Sydney. It springs up about a loot or more high in damp, humid situa tions, thrusting its feather? leaves of delicate green through fallen rotting tree branches, dead leaves, and other vegetation. That beautiful ground fern (Davallia dubia) was abundant. It is much admired for its rich bright yellowy greenness and the symmetry of its fronds, and combined with these qualities, its general hardiness renders it an especial I favourite with florists. Nearly every quiet glade of the forest was brightened by its presence, either in large patches or in grace ful terraces. Upon some of the poorer flats were acres upon acres of the pretty coral fern (GJeichenia circinata), festooning and enveloping the crisp and suggestive - leaved native holly (Lomatia) and all other Bhrubs with its bright green, wiry, interlacing lronds, illu minated bere and there by a few early flowering spikes of the beautiful pink epacris or heath, all affording a scene of rare beauty amid an army of brown woolly-barked mess mate trunks. 