THE EGYPT EXPLORATION FUND. M. NAVILLE'S DISCOVERIES AT BUBASTI8. (thb times.) Tbe excavation of tbe Great Temple of Bubastis (the ruinB of which.it will be remem bered, were discovered lasty ear byM. Navilel) was resumed some five or six weeks ago, and is now in full progress. Former operations conducted by the Egypt Exploration Fund have for the most part been carried on in places remote from the beaten track : bnt M. Naville, by marching his little army of diggers to Tell Baata, has brought his work not only within an easy distance of Cairo, but within a few minuteB' walk of Zagazig, the meating-place of a net work of railway lines, and the head- quarters of the Egyptian cotton trade. Zagazig Btation may be deBoribed as the Ma' nea of the Eastern Delta — the bonrne for which every traveller, whether hiB destination be Damietta, Mansurah, Salablyeh, Suez, or Port Said, is inevitably bound. As all trainB stop here, and as there is generally a dreary hiatus of a oonple of hours between the arrival' of the incoming train and the de parture of the next, it may readily be imagined with what eagerness the tourists of the present season are jnst now thronging to the scene of M. Naville's labours. The work 'of the Egypt Explora tion Fund has, in short, become a popular institution ; and instead of living like anchorites in desert solitudes where the impress of a patent leather boot upon the sands was as Btartling a novelty as tbe famous foot-print on the shore of RobiDBOn Crusoe's Island, the explorers are now oheered by tbe daily visits of numerous travelers of all ranks and nationali ties, The scene is curiously picturesque. Here, grouped tosether on the verge of the great Cemetery ot Sacred Cats, are the tents of the offioere of the Fund ; yonder, swarming like bees at the bottom of the huge orater-Iike depression which marks tho area of tbe temple, are seen 300 to 400 labourers— diggers in the trenches and pits, basket- carriers clearing away th>- -.'lit a. ii is thrown out, overseers to keep tbe diggers at work, "pathway-men" to keep the paths open and the carriers moving,, gangs cf brawny " Sbayalio," or native port -ra, harnessed together by stout ropes, and hauling - or turning sculp tured blooks which have not seen the light, for many centuries; girl- with bowls of water and sponges, to wipe town tbe carved BUrraces preparatory to the process of takiog paper " squeezes and small boys to run on errands, help with the measuring tapes, and keep guard over the \- ents and baggage. With eo many hands at vork and so mauy overseers to keep them going, it is not wonderful tbat the excava- ions make rapid progress. The two large pits which were opened last season are now thrown into one, and are being enlarged from east to west, following the axis of the struc ture. The eideB are also being cleared, and before another month shall have expired the wade temple — of whioh, app.rently, not one stone remains upon another— will be visible from end to end. its entire length is probably about 700ft. or 800ft. ; but measurements, of course, are as yet purely conjectural. i We may remind our readers that the pltB sunk last season disclosed' the site of a grand hypoatyle hall, Btrewn with fallen mono lithic columns of the twelfth dynasty workmanship, and a hall without columns, bat lined as it should seem with' elaborate baB- relief sculptures represent ing a great religious ceremony, and oontainiog tens of thousands of u.inutely- executed hieroglyphic iosciptions. The columns of architraves or hypostyle- hall, though of an earlier period, are emblazoned with the ovale of Barneses II. The iuBcrip: tioQS of the festival hall commemorate Oaotkon II , of the twenty-second dynasty, ana Dis yaeei jaroaina, .Besides cne two historical landmarks thns determined, various blocks bearing the names of Usertesen III. and Pepi Merira, testified to the existenoe of the edifice not only in the days of the first great Theban Empire, but in the very remote age of the Pyramid KiDgs of the 6th dynasty. At the same time, a small tentative excavation at tbe western extremity of the site yielded tbe name and titles of Nectanebo I , of the 30sh and last native dyna ty. Such beiog the ouanme of but four wnsks' labour at the olose of the season in 1887, it seemed reasonable to hope for important results when the excavations should be resumed. This hope is being more than fulfilled ; and every week — it might almost be said every day — yields some new and valuable lick in the chain of bistorio evidence. A third hall, dating from the reign of Osorkon I., has now been found beiwee.. tho hypoatyle hall of BameseB II. and the festival hall of Osorkon II. The roof 'was supported by two large oolumns with palm c apitals, and the walls were sculptured with bas-reliefs on a large Boale, representing Osorkon I. in tho act of worshipping Bast a» i other deities of the oity. Eastward — ' bat is to say, at the end by which the temple was entered— two (arallel trenches have revea'ed the site of a colonnade; end here the base nf a statue of Nectaneb.-> I. has been found ; thus showing that be made additions o both extremities of tbe structure. The western end, now iu course of excavation. aDDears to be of creat width , hut lis length Is sb yet not ascertained. That it contains the sanotuary may be taken for granted, ud tbe saeotuary is probably the work of fteotanebo Uolike most Egyp'isn templeB, the great temple of Bast dm s not appear to bave been protected by one of theBe missive orude briok walls whioh rendered the temples of Karnak and Tanis as impregnable as fortresses. Heron do'us express y states tbat It wa« snr rounded by a " low wall having figures engraved upon it and this low wall, like the splendid screen running round the'great temple of Edfoo, was eviden ly of Btone sculp-ured in baB-relief. Like tbe rest of the building, it mast have been of red granite, and we may hope tbat some portions of it may yet be discovered. The Bubastites, at all event--, seem to have been too prnud of 'heir famous temple to mask its beauties by a circuit of unsightly ramparts. So much for the progress made in excava ting i te difjeota membra of tbe building; the ' finds," however, are yet more note worthy. inuc AuDwBbiB was ine Bite 01 an un- portant Hyksos settlement is what no one suspected ; but it is a fact conclusively established by the work of the present h at on. Two black eranite statues (one un- for'unately be-dless) of tbe uDmistakeabfo Hyksos type, the lower half of a seated statue of an unknown king, also of Hyksos work, and a fi e red granite architrave en graved with t-h- eartonohe of Apepi, the oBt famous " of the Hyksos rulers, have been discovered, all t ear together within tbe last three weeks. The first found of the b ack granite pair is bus described in one of he weekly reports despatched to tbe com mi> tee of the Egypt Exploration Fund by M. Naville : — "In digging to the sonthward of the Hall of OrorkoD I , we found' first the headdress of a coIo-bbI statue in black graoile, the head broken jusr at the -level of be eyes, and presently the lower part of the face The leH obeek and tbe' beard are damaged, bnt the right side is perfect, and the two halves fit each other exactly. Tho type of tbe face is Hyksos ; the sank en nheaka and the projecting month being exaotly like those of tbe Tanis sphinxes. The headdress iathe ' nems,' with the urseus. The base and feet of this statue are still lying tt w® bottom of a deep pool, whence they will have to be hauled out when the water has some what subsided. A statue of s Hykos Kfog wearing the insignia of Egyptian Royalty is ftArtftinltr nninnfi " vva vwusij uuiljuvi Tbe oompaaiou statue (headless) was found on y ren days ago. alBO in a pool of water. Osorkon II. has engraved his ovals on the side of the throne on whioh tho statue sits, and has erased those of Rameses II. which that Pharoah had oat upon the front, beside the right leg of the statue, having himself erased the names of the original owner, whomsoever be may have been. As these statues were fonnd near tbe architrave of Apepi, it is probable enough that they are portraits of that king. The other Hyksos statue, broken off at the waist, is yet more remarkable. Mr Naville writeB, under date 18sh March : — ".Oar moBt important disoovery up to the present time wae made yesterday morning. I had noticed on Friday the corner of a block of polished blaofc granite which I thought might belong to some good monument, and I had ic uoeartbed yesterday. It proved to bs the lower half of a life- size figure of very beautiful workmanship, with two columns of fiooly-cnt hoiroglyphs eugraved down each side oi the front of the throne to right and left of the legs oi the statue. These inscriptions give the name and titles of an abBOlutelv unknown King, who, jadging from the work, mast belong to the Hyksos period, or, at all ev-nts, to one of the obscure dynasties pre oeding the Hyksos invasion. I forward a copy of the inscriptions. One cartouche oontains a sign which is quite new to me, and whioh I therefore cannot decipher. The other reads (Ian- Ra' or (Ra«ian' — a name unlike any I have ever Been He is de scribed, most strangely, as the worshipper of his Ka i e., his ghost or double). . . . Since writing the above, I have been over to Boulak, and bave shown my ooi>y of the inscriptions to Ahmed Kemal ed-Den Effendi, the Mahemedan official attached to the museum. He was deeply interested, and said at once, ' That is the Pharaoh of Joseph. All our Arab books oall him Reiyan, the son of El Welid.' He then wrote the - name for me in Arabic, which I enclose herewith. For my own part I know nothing of Arab literature or Arab tradition; I should not, however, be dis posed to attach mnch weight to this curiona coincidence. Still, it is carious, and certainly interesting." Such is M. Naville's account of this remarkable statue, which is now drawing crowds of visitors to Tell Baeta, and has just been photographed by Emil Brugsch Bey, leader of the Boulak MuBenm, and an accomplished photographer. The photos graph gives a front view of the inscribed tbrone with tbe legs and feet of the atatue. It also shows the left thigh, foreshortened and clad in the Btriped ' shenti," or folded kilt The mutilated fingers of the left hand are seen res-fog on the left knee. Tbe meddling of tbe knees and legs is admir able, and tbe hieroglyphs are brilliantly cut, the king, in addition to his oartonohes, befog styled the " Good God," and the " Son of Ra," The name, as pointed out by M. Naville, may be read with the syllable "Ra" as either a prefix or a suffix — as, for instance, Rsmeri and RaenuBer may with eqnal pro- pnsty bo rendered aa Merira and Uaerenra. Whether we take it as " Ian-Ra " or '' Ra- ian," tbe name of this new King has a strange, barbaric aspect, and looks like an attempt at writing a foreign name in Egyptian characters. That it exactly transliterates the " Er-Reiydn " of Arab trad i- ion cannot bo denied ; but it must be remembered . that Oriental tradition is notoriously untrustworthy, and that the Arab name g-ven to Joseph's Poaroah is evidently' an apperlative, being preceded, like that of his father, by the article. Arab writers' of Egyptian history are, in fact, much upon a par with the authors of the Arthurian cycle and the tales of the Paladins of Charlc magna. Cradled in an atmosphere of super stition, they beheld all things through a mirage of romance. They regarded the monuments of anoieht Egypt as works of msgic, and the Pharoabs who bailt them as mighty sorcerers ; and if here and there a thread of genuine looal tradition be interwoven with the fabulous tissue of their narratives, the whole is so oleariy unhiBtorical that we must despair of ever definitely separating the true from the false. Joseph is the beloved hero of a multitude of Arab legends, and where the Biblical narrative of his life fails to supply any special detail, such as a proper name, that detail is unhesitatingly drawn from purely Arab sources. Thus ronpnar s wire Decomes z.aieura, and he anonymous Pharaoh is introduced as an Amaleklte Prince named Er Reiyan, the son of El Welid. That the stranger hordes which invaded Egypt under the leadership of tbe HybaoB may have inaluded »n Amaleklte contiogen! is not impossible ; for the Amalekites ot old were a mighty nation, and their territory bordered upon Egypt. Bat if we tarn to the pages of El Makrizi — a sober wri er, worthy of all oredit when dealing with the topography of Cairo and such other subjects as oame a-ithin his knowledge and observa tion — we at ones see how little a fairly trustworthy Arab may be trusted when his only Bouroes of information are t"e legends transmitted by bis own countrymen. Having related how the Amalekites, led by Welid, son of Dumi', invaded Egypt, then ruled by " Aytnen of tioos," and slew tbe Egyptians " with an exceeding great slaughter." he goes on to say that the followers of Welid chose him to reign over them, and that his rule lasted for 100 years. "And be went forth to attain the sources of the Nile, and he bsheld the Mou'ntaios of the Moon, and he was absent for forty yearH." He then:returned to Egypt, and again subdned Pharoah Aymen, who again opposed him." "And Pharaoh Aymen fled, and Welid reduced the people ot Egypt to slavery, and ruled over them for 120 years till he psrished. . A- d his son Er ReiyaD, the son of El Welid, tho son of Dumi, one of tha AmalakftAR rnitmo.1 an/1 hn a — — — - - w » j ow <v saw uuo of tho most powerful of the people of tbe earth in his time, and the greatest King. Now the Amalekites were descended from Am'ik, son of Land (Lud). son of Sam (Shem), son of Niia (Noah); and Er Reiyan was the Pharaoh of Joseph, on whom be peace. . . , And it is said that the Par -oh of Joseph was the grandfather of the Pharaoh of Moses, his father's father, and bis name was Barkhu ; and he was lofty of stature and beautiful of countenance. And after him rigned his son Darinrnsb, and he is also called Darim, son of Er Rniyan, and be was the fourth Pharaoh, and Yusuf (Joseph) was bis Khalifa." - Brief as this extraot is, it suffices to show tbe fanciful character, the glaring contra dictions, and tba utter yaloelesaneBs of Egyptian history when written with the reed pen of the Arab chronicler. The invasion of the Amalekites — based perhaps on some vague memory of tbe Hyksos conquest — vanishes into the region of fable, and the vio orious priDoes whose family- tree begins with Noah, take -un. auiuug mo susuiowy neroos or the Thousand and One Nights. That tbe learned and courteous Ahmed Kemal-ed- Deen Effendi (wbo is, be it observed, tbe only Oriental Egyptologist in the world, and a good hieroglyphic sobolar), should nave recognised the Muslim name of Reiyan in that of the unknown Hyksos kmg is a piotnreeque incident which at once appeals to our imagination, but the de duetion is one which Eur pe-n scholars are bound to receive witn extreme reserve. In be meanwhile it must be conceded that the letter- for-letter identity of tbe two names is, to say the least of it, very extraordinary We must not, however, forget that "Ra-ian" may with equal correctness be read: " Ian-Ra," and " Ian-Ra " is curiously like the name of the Hyksos " Iannas " or " Janlas," who, in a long quota tion wh-ch professes to be given ver batim from Manetho by Josepbns (answer toApi n, Book I, section 14), is said to bave reigned for fifty yeaTB and one month, and to have been the »noo«Mor of Apophis and the predecessor of Ault, II woald be unreasonable to do'nbt tfaatlanaaa baa truly an hietoriool personage aa Apepi, and it is as least possible that Isnass and Ian-Ra may be ono find the use. That Joseph served a Hyksos king has long been accepted by the majority of Egyptologists as a very probable hypothesis, both ohronologloally and from the Internal evidence of the Biblical narrative. J . Other disonveries scarcely less interesting, have rewarded the labours r? be fortunate explorers. The faot that the 18th Egyptian dynasty — the famous dynasty of tbe Thothmea and Amenkotep Kings— should have left no 'races of tbeir power in the great cities of the Delta, has long been a puzzling problem. Within the last three weeks, however, twn life-svee statues of a eoribe of that period have been found Though otherwise perfect they are unluokily headless. The figures sit oroes-legged, eaoh boding a half-unrolled papyrus scroll upon his lap, his name and titles being engraven on tbe scroll. From these foacrip - tions we learn that hiB name waa Amenho- tep, and that he waa styled "the Prince, the great friend who loves his Lord, the Chief of tbe Works of his King and of the Provinces, and of the Marshlands of the North." He wears a looBe garment Becured by braces, and on the brooch-like ornament which conneots the brsoes, as well as upon his right shoulder, is engraven tbe oar- toucbe of Amenhotep III. Kbuenaten, the diso worshipping Pharoah, who succeeded Amenhotep III , and founded the r.itv nf Tell-el-Amarna. is also repre- sented by a eoulptured fragment containing the sacred oval of Aten-Ra, the deity of the disc. These objeota are of great historical moment, inasmuch as they Bhow (1) that the temple of Bast, after oeing enriched by tbe HykBOB Kings, and before beiog rebuilt by Ramesis II , was yet flourishing in the time of the Restoration ; and (2) tbat tbe disc-worship promulgated by Khuenaten extended to the Delta. Tilt now it has been traeed no further northward than Memphis. Among other valuable finds bearing upon the historical continuity of the temple may be mentioned a colossal head and torso in red granite, inscribed with tbe ovals of Damnnna TT / 1 0 » V Jnnaefw\ On/1 n Kla/tv granite statne of this King, of heroic alze, th.- striped head-dress coloured alternately amber and bine, the hands resting on the knees, - and bearing the following inscription ; — " As loDg as the world shall last, thy monuments will pros per, O, King Rameses." ThiB fine statne is broken in two, but is other wise uninjured. There bave also been fonnd (1) a head and torso of a standing king in red granite, probably Rameses VI (20th dynasty) ; (2) a small basalt, statue of a Saite priest bearing the cartouches of Apriee, the Biblioal Hophra (26th dynasty) ; (3) a beautiful fragment of a statue of Neotanebo I. (30th dynasty) ; (4) two Greek inscriptions on black granite dedi> cated to Ptolemy V. and Queen Cleopatra I., by one Apollonius, son ol Theon, who styles himself "one of the Kfog's friends ; " thus carrying on tbe hie ory of the temple to the second century B C. A very important inscription on a block belonging to the festival hall has also turned up, giving the date of the festival, which, strangely enough, proves to have been held in honour' of the Theban god Amen, in the twenty-second year of the reign of Osorkon II , on " tbe first day ot 4 Via inat mrmfti nf fikn '' f Va Oca D/tn nf tnnita dation. M. Navide writes : — "Bnt what is most extraordinary is the V4Bt number of coloB»al statues which must have crowded the temple before the festival ball was built, nearly all such as were of red granite haviDg been out up wholesale by Osorkon for building blocks. We constantly discover passages of the festival inscriptions on fragments of statues which bave been built into the walls ; and it is not at all un usual to find part of a sacred boat which is being carried in proaession upon priests' shoulders, on one side of s block, and on the other side a head of Rameses II. — sometimes defaoed, but sometimes in a fair state of preservation. So. little did the kings of Egypt respect the images of their predeces sors " Suoh are some of the splendid results of the explorations oarried on by M. Naville, assisted, aB last year, by Mr. F Llewellyn Giiffith and Count d'Hulst, during the last few weeks at Tell Basta; and the -eason is not yet over. Who shall say what new treasures the next month may not bring to light, or what new factB connected with tbe obscure but deeply intereatloe Hyksos period may not ba io store for as ? Except only the great temple of Tanis, excavated by Marieite seme twenty- eight years ago, no Egyptian ruin upon bo colossal a scale has been systematically explored, or has yielded so rich a harvest. 