HOME FOE THE HOLIDAY'S. " ScoiiAsD Yzx-1' Br G.F.I,. "While in Glasgow we paid several visits j to the International Exhibition now being held in Kelvin grove. I am not going to attempt any description of it, as yon have I doubtless read the fall accounts already | published in the papers. The machinery exhibits were very j numerous, as was to be expected, and in a detached budding, called the Bishop's Palace, was collected avast number of-Taco biterefics, articles belonging to the ill-fated Mary, Queen of Scots, and other objects of antiquarian interest. The rooms con taining these were generally so crowded | with spectators as to canse considerable discomfort to these who wanted to proceed from case to case with something like method in their movements. The building containing the presents received by the Qaeen j on her jubilee was also generally crowded j to excess. The presents were not to he compared in number, variety, or ] intrinsic value with those which we saw J exhibited in a large snlte of apartments in < the "Vatican. The Queen's "presents" consisted for the most part of addresses, amongst which we noted those from j Victoria and the other Australian colonies. Occupying a prominent position was the I poetical effusion contributed by the vener- | able town clerk of Melbourne, Mr Eitzgibbon. Indeed, this was the only Victorian address which was so exhibited j as to be legible. All the others were ] closed, or rolled up. The address from i the women of Victoria, which was so largely signed in Geelong, was there in j four volumes, but we were sorry to ob serve that the beautiful oak binding, owing | to defective seasoning or inferior work manship, was badly split. In the Vatican I we had seen the Qaeen's present to his Holiness, a gold ewer and basin, valued at £10,000, seut by her Majesty in lieu of the Mazarin Bible from | the Boyal library which she had somewhat indiscreetly offered in the first instance, bnt which the zeal of her librarian, Dr. Holmes, fortunately preserved to the British nation. Here we were interested in noticing the present of his Holiness to the Queen—a very beautiful mosaic picture. The most valuable presents were from the Indian princes, or from members of the Boyal family, hut the moat appropriate present to our mind was that from the nuns of England, consisting of550 dozen garments for distribution amongst the poor. In the Exhibition proper, the art collection so far as the paintings went was veiy line, hat the display of statuary was very I meagre. In the latter court, as indeed in | most collections of statuary in Britain, there was much to justify the well known strictures of the indignant "British matron." Strange to say, on the continent—that is to say, in Italy and Germany—we fonnd the decorous use of the fig leaf all bat nniversaL I am well aware that for these remarks I shall be dabbed a Philistine by people of " cnlchaw," but I am desirous of giving my impressions with fidelity, and hence I write what I really think. I am far from being unduly squeamish, hut I must own that I should very much prefer to take a party of lady friends to see the original Dying Gladiator at the Haples Museum to escorting them to view the cast of the same in the Glas- | gow Exhibition, or the British Museum. The interior of the Exhibition, and indeed most of the exterior, is painted in execrably bad taste in alternate bauds of dirty yellow and brick color. The cheapest ochre and raddle appear to have been used, and laid on with water and size. The explanation given is that owing to | the Moorish or Oriental character of the i architecture it was necessary to employ strong primary colors only. There seems to be no reason why some purity of tint should not have been selected, even if we concede the correctness of the argument, but those who have seen the Albmnbra court at the Crystal Palace, with all its gorgeous coloring, will certainly dispute It. The general effect is tawdry in the extreme ; it is quite impossible to look up at the rafters, or glance at the walls, without being reminded of the toy monkey on a stick that used to be bought for a penny. The roughness of the woodwork adds to the beggarly appearance ; even the exterior walls are constructed of mi planed weatherboards. At the same time, at a distance the ever varying sky line, broken by a succession of fantastic dome lets and minarets, undoubtedly presents a very beautiful appearance. The undu lating grounds also, with the Kelvin flow ing through them, materially assist in giving a pleasing impression. The undertaking has been a wonderful success. The attendance has far ex ceeded that of any other of the Exhibi tions held since the last great London Exhibition. The first day we visited it there were 69,000 persons present, and already nearly 4,000,000 have paid for admission. It is certainly matter for regret that while Canada was well represented, her exhibits form ing a very attractive court, none of the Australian colonies made any show. Messrs Burgoyne and Mr De Castella #*Ufcited some bottles of wine, and a ship building firm contributed models of tbe Elingamite and Courier witli inscrip tions intimating that they were built to the order of Hnddart, Parker and Co., of "Victoria, but beyond these we failed to find any reference to Australasia. ' The streets of Glasgow are broad, and the houses are well built of stone and many stories high, though to a colonial eye they are much disfigured by the immense chimney stacks built on the outer walls, instead of being, as with us, carried up at right angles to the street. In Britain it seems to be necessaiy to use a chimney pot of different design to every flue. So upon the top of one of these huge flat stacks you may see from 20 to 30 different chimney pots —I have just counted 29 on one in front of the hotel—-and thus the "sky line is broken in every direction by what appear to be gigantic combs raised aloof. The streets are full of traffic and bustle, and signs of Glaswegian enterprise meet the eye in all quarters of tbe city, but especially near the Clyde. This stream, which is now 500 feet wide, and deep enough to allow the largest vessels to unload, was, within the memory of man, say fifty years ago, not three feet deep; and under 200 feet wide. There are natives of Glasgow still alive who have waded across the Clyde, when boys, with out^ requiring to do more than remove their shoes and stockings, where at the present time there is more than 20 feet of water. The cost of dredging the harbor and the docks has been more than £4,000,000, but this is but a trifle when you remember that the vessels which crowd the harbor from all parts of the world bring In more than £1,000.000 per annum in custom dues: upwards of 10,000 vessels, chiefly steamers, enter the port annually. Well may the natives be proud of their harbor. It is said that on a recent occasion a boastful Yankee asked a Glasgow man, " Do you call this ditch a river 1 You should see our Mississippi or Ohio." But he as crushed by the prompt retort, " Don't ye brag of the rivers that Provi dence made for ye. I tell ye we Glasgow bodies made this river our ainselves." Of course we made our pilgrimage to the birth-place of Robert Burns. To that lowly cottage on the outskirts of Avr more visitors go annually than to Strat ford-upon-Avon- More than 25,000record their names in the visitors' book every year, a very large proportion being Americans. We observed a few names i with Australian addresses ; and one A us tralian, I am sorry to say, has scratched some doggrel on a window-pane in the room in which Scotland's poet first saw the light, but for the most part Scottish addresses, or the initials U.S.A., follow the signatures We walked along the road traversed by Tam-o'-Shanter ia his wild ride, we peered in at the ruined window of the old Alloway lark ia which he saw Auld Clootie leading the witches' revels " Warlocks and witches In a drnic?, " WT inalr o'hornblt: and awful "Which even to name wad he unlawful." We then— still along with 3?am in our imagination—hurried along the road to the "auld brig o' Doon,*' the keystone of which his poor mare when hunted by the witches did her utmost to win, because "A running stream they dare na cross." Aud from this bridge, with a blind fiddler on one side of us playing "Scots wha hao," and on ihe other an enthusiastic admirer of Burns reciting "Tamo' SUanter," we gazed with delight upon the " banks and braes o' bonnie Doon." Then we paid our twopence each and ascended the Burns monument—a pretentious sham-Grecian edifice, about the most unsuitable memo rial ihat could be erected to the peasant poet of Scotland. Be turning to Ayr, we visited the Twa Brigs. Readers of Burns will remember the verses written by the poet when towards the close of last cen tury it was feared that the "auld rrig." which dated from a. D. 1250, was unsafe, and a " new brig" was built. Burns represents the new brig as chaffiug the old one on the ground of its antiquity, but the auld brig replies, "I'll be a brig when ye're a shapeless cairn." This prophecy has been verified, for the new brig has been replaced by a still newer one, while the old structure still stands triumphant over the winter floods. Prom the land of Burns we went to the land of Scott, or rather to that portion which the wizard of the north has im mortalised in the "Lady of the Lake." The visitor to Loch Katrine who is familiar with tlxis poem will need no other guide. We steamed up Loch Lomond and Loch Katrine, passed Ellen's Isle 'aud Coilan togle Pord, reaching the far-famed Trossach3 just as ' Tile western waves or ebbing dav. Roiled o'er the glen their level ray." At the clachan of Aberfoyle, the scene of Bailie Nicol Jarvie's gallant defence with the red-hot poker, wo sat down to an excellent dinner iu a hotel named after the brave Bailie. From Aberfoyle we pushed on to Edinburgh, the queen city of the north. Beautiful for situation beyond all comparison among the capitals of Europe is "Edina, Scotia's darling seat." Any description that my feeble pen could give of the picturesque setting of this romantically situated city, with its grim old castle frowning down upon It, and with its tiers and terraces "of many Btoried bouses massively built of stone, must fall far short of reality. And yet—to be quite candid, we found it very like Naples in more respects than one. The squalor and filth of the Cowgate and the Canongate, and the dirty closes and wynds issuing therefrom, the noisome stenches which salute the nostrils, the horde of unkempt and dissolute-looking loungers or loafers of both sexes—all these are to be found in the richest profusion in Edinburgh. Naples during the last ten years has been revolutionised in these respects. We looked for lazzaroni, hut found none. The Neapolitan streets are almost as carefully cleansed as those of London, but the familiar line, " Sweet Edinburgh, I smell thee noo," might have | been written yesterday. In no little Italian town isit more necessaryto watch where the foot is planted than in Edinburgh. The habits of the lower classes are filthy. I At the risk of giving further offence to my Scottish friends, I am compelled tosav that tne cause of Edinburgh's degradation is the prevailing drunkenness. Through out England we found much more drunkenness than in Ylctoria, or in the continent of Europe, but so far as our observation goes Edinburgh is the city to take the prize for drunkenness and dirt. In Glasgow and Paisley there were plenty of intoxicated men and women to be seen, but here their name is legion. The Rev. W. J. Reid, D.D., of Pittsburgh, U.S.A., has just aroused the indignation of the Scotsman by publishing a statement to the effect that in spite of its Presby terianisni Edinburgh is a city of drunken ness ; that he saw more intoxicated people in one day in Scotland's capital than in a month in Pittsburgh, and that nearly every second person he met in the streeta "bore tbe emphatic marks of dissi pation upon the face." The Scotsman in a wrathful leader to-day roundly cnlU the_ rev. doctor a liar, hints that he desires to " compound for secret sins he is inclined for by damning those he has no mind for," and declares that the bottlenosed visages covered with grog blossoms, so constantly met with in the streets, are the faces of Eugliah tourists who have been exposed to sun and wind on tbe moors or Highlands. This may be so, but why should these tourists be so dirty and dilapidated in costume, and why should they so frequently lose their balance and fall into the gutter 1 To-day, in the short drive to.the Forth Bridge, X counted upwards of thirty men and two women who were manifestly drunk and incapable. , But to turn to a more agreeable ^sub ject—X have referred to the Forth Bridge. This structure, which is fast approaching completion, is one of the greatest engi neering achievements of the century.^ In 1882 the contract was let, and it is to be completed in 1889. The ferry across the Firth* of Forth has beeu noted for centuries, and under its old name of Newhalls it figures in the " Antiquary." In these later days of rapid locomotion, the hindrance and loss of time occasioned by the ferry have been greatly felt, and the various railway companies concerned have been at length compelled to provide a remedy in the shape of a bridge over the Firth. In order to see this great undertaking we took coach froni^ Edin burgh to Qneensferry south, a distance of nine miles,driving past Dalmeny Park, the seat of the Earl of Ro3ebery. The whole of the drive was through beautiful scenery, but as we approached the ferry a glorious panorama burst upon our gaze, extending across the well-wooded shores of the Firth of Forth to the coast of Fife opposite. As we drew near the mighty proportions of the bridge began to reveal themselves, but it was not until we steamed under the huge cantilevers and -around the piers that we were able to form a correct notion of the magnitude of the undertaking. It was originally intended to construct the bridge of_lattice girders supported on massive piers of masonry. But soon after the commence: ment of the undertaking the Tay bridge was swept away by a hurricane, and a whole train was wrecked, with great loss of life. Owiug to this it was considered advisable to adopt a totally different construction. Accordingly, although the landward approach at each side is carried on immense piers of granite loO feet above high water mark, connected by lattice girders of steel, the two main spans, each over 1700 feet in length, are carried by enormous cantilevers of steel, rising to the height of 354 feet above high water. The depth of water m the centre of the channel is 210 feet. The entire superstructure is of steel, mostly tubular, the metal being 14 inch thick, rbe total weight being upwards of 42.000 tons. There are upwards of 5000 men employed, and it is an extraordinary sight to sea the huge red tubes stretching from the central piers ont away into space like the antenna of some enormous crayfish. The sections of the tubes are carried to the required spots and rivetted together in situ by hydraulic power. The total cost of the" structure will be over £3,000,000. We were informed that np wards of 50 men have been killed since work commenced in Jannary, 1883, many j having been blown away by the power of the wind at the giddy height at which they had to work. Recently, however, the Board of Trade has intervened and ordered the workmen in all dangerous positions to be enclosed in cages. The cantilevers are enveloped in a complete labyrinth of temporary structures, plat forms, tramways, ladders, etc. On our return to Edinburgh we visited the cathedral kirk of St. Giles. This fine church has recently been restored, mainly at the cost- of Dr. William Chambers,, the well-known publisher. Thi3 church, like St. Sluugo's in Glasgow, ha3 seen many changes of ecclesiastical government and religious thought. When Charles L attempted to establish Episcopacy in Scotland in 1634 St. Giles' was made the cathedral of the bishopric of Edinburgh, and it will b8 remembered that when the English liturgy was read for the first (and only) time, and Dean Hanna announced the collect for the day, old Jennie Gedctes rose to lier feet, and saying, " Colic! the deil colic the wame o' ye." she hurled her " cutty stool" at the head of the dean to such effect that the attempt io introduce the liturgy^ met with instant and ignominious failure. The cutty stool is religiously preserved, and may be seen in the Antiquarian Museum, and on one of the pillars in St. Giles' is s brass tablet to the memory of Dean Hanna, who read the service for " the first and last time" in the Cathedral. However, the whirligig of time brings round its revenges—all things come to him who waitB—we heard the minister of St. Giles read the "collects" and liturgy on Sunday last without any opposition on the part of the descendants of the stalwart Jennie Geddes. The verger who took our threepences at the door, prior to admitting us,offered for sale copies of the " Book of Common Order " of Prayer—not the Common Prayer, note, hut very near it. Indeed the church is now quite advanced. The font consists of a large shallop shell, say 18 inches across, borne by an image of an angel in stone, life size, precisely the same sort of thing as may be seen in Catholic churches, for holy water, and occupying the same position just inside the main entrance. Then the east window, on which is de picted the crucifixion and ascension, is crowned by what appears to be the new Trinity, constantly met with in conti nental churches, viz., the Mother and Son overshadowed by the Dove, or Holy Ghost. John Knox, whose thunders these walls of old St. Giles' have often re:echoed, was certainly far behind the times. Fortu nately we are living in days of enlighten ment and advanced thought. 