CREMATION AND CRIME. (From ' The Field.") A CORRESPrONDENCE has been current in one of our daily contemporaries upon the subjectof the policy and propriety of cremation versus inhumation. The discussion has mainly taken the form of religi us sentiment upon the subject. Witt his latter it would b6 out of place for this journal to deal; but It seems to us that the actual issue, as to whether thislately revived prbcess of disposal of our dead by cremation is desirable from a niational point of view, is one which presents arguments more forcible and more important to social welfare than any which can be involved in a mere dispute on religious sentimentality. The sanitary advantage of this re. vived method none dispute. Ever since Dr. IHaden aroused the feelings of society by his remarks upon the theory of ' Earth to earth," there has been a growing tendency to revolt against the practice of presBrving. our dead in collins and vaultes and in'n state which, when they come to light in later times, causes a revulsion of feeling. The utilisation, under Acts of Parliament, of sundry disused burial grounds for the purposes of railway construction, and other similar projects, has, when the remains of the dead h vb been removed from those places -in order to clear the way for the contractor, disclosed scenes which excite horror and disgust, and which go far to reconcile many a mind with the alter native of cremation rice inhumation. But while this side of the question so far strongly appeals to our feelings, there is a counter view, not of sentiment, but of practical social security, which seems to be almost an insuperable bair to any national recognition of the proposed change, and deen to call for parliamen tary veto upon the process which is being pushed by certain enthusiasts. We allude to the facilities for the use of poison, and the chances of immunity to the prisoner, which would be afforded if cremation were a recognised and cus tomaryf method among us for the die posal of our dead. It is no slur on the medical profession to state that often in cases of murder by poison, which -have-oventually been detected and pun. inhed, scientific suspicion of foul play .has not been aroused in the first in. stance, nor until some time after a certi. ficeatefor burial has been granted and obseqdiiis have been performed. The symptoms which display themselves in connection with the administration of certain poisons are often in accordance with perfectly natural symptoms of dis. ease ; and while this is the case, it is in. telligible that medical. men, in the absence of any information as to sinister motives, or of gossip of neighbours, should not think of harbouring suspicion of foul play, or of refusing to grant the usual necessary certificate of burial. So long -as subsequent exhumation can afford facilities for later investigation, in the event of suspicions becoming iarouised later -on, the fear of detec. tion of crime, of this sort must of necessity be greater than if the dunger of discovery were passed, once for .all, with the performance of obsequies, In the case of systomatie prisoners, such as, for instance, ply their trade for the purpose of obtaining money from insurance companies and burial clubs, it has not unfrequently happened that suspicion has been latent until a third or fourth coincidence of mysterious- death has provoked the gossip ,.f neighbours. Whore such has been the case, an order from the Home Secretary for the exhumation and analysis of remains of persons whose deaths have subsequently become mat ters fot- sinister suspicion has often led to the geioeral elucidation of a long standing career of crime. The improved science of toxicology makes the disogery of criminal poison ing an easier matter thin it W'as in the. last century; bit at the same time, the identical saiencd, more or less, makes the hands of the~expert criminal all the strohger, and suggests thie use of poisons which in former ears would hardly have leen'dreanmt of. Also, apart from general motives of malice or jealousy, which hivo e- existed as incentives to crime since the :world begau, modern days supply temptations of leere, which formerly did not exist; to wit, the facility with which the lives of indivi. duals can be insured for thei benefit of their rtirvivore. Just as " underwrit ing" promotes temptation to produce artificial loss of ships at sea, in spite of all endeavours of members at Lloyd's to guard themselves against fraud, so also tihe system of life assurance cannot avoid ,., miliug with its manliluest advantages a strong temptation to certain persons to perpotrate frauds thereby. Those frauds may simply be those of lo"ed death and burial, while the insure saps tl c beonlefit of his own fictihtious demise; or they may arise out of the substitution (ad in a quite recent assize case) of a healthy individual to personate an in valid subject for insurance; but the same temptations which induce such frauds, also, as history records, too often lead criminals to violate the sixth as well as the eighth commandment, in order to attain their ends. "Our belief is that if cremation were once to become a more recognised prac tice in this country, an uneasy feelingof insecurity would arise in .the public mind, and that the Government of the day would soon be asked to inhibit it, on the ground that it created templta tions to.crime, and, at all events, con siderably enhanced those -which:already exist. We are bound- to admit that those experimnents which have at pre sent been tried in that direction have been conducted with all due propriety, and without any ghost of suspicion of sinister motives inI evading inhumation. Except on tb, ground of incentive hereafter to -.lme, which ground seems paramnou t in the existing state of civllised and commer cial society, the practieo would have much to recommend it-religion argu ments pro and con being dismisse tornom the question. It is as easy to "storied urn and animated bust" over (literal) ashes as over inhumed remains in the ordinary sense, and the memory of the dead would not seem to be im paired thereby. Cremated Misenus seems (qunad Virgil) to have endowed with his name the hilly promontory on which his funeral pyre flamed, and whereon his ashes, his oar, and trumpet were deposited; and even if the ashes themselves should perish, the memory of the funeral pyre of a Sardanapalus or a Dido can serve to perpetuate that of the mortals whose remains induced the. ceremony: It is perhaps hankering after the modern novelty and the romantic reality of such scenes which does much to stimulate the enthusiasm of modern votaries of cremation i but if these people would but realise . the social danger and criminal impetus which their hobby, if well established, would tend to promote, we think they would hesitate to play the part of pat. rons of the worst form of murder. 