WIT. Stranger (to Dakota landlord) : " I noticed a party of scarred and crippled gentlemen at a table in the dining room. War veterans, I sp'ose, enjoying an'annual dinner ?" Dakota landlftrd : " No, sir ; it's a press dinner given by the editor of the Daily Paralyser to nis staff." " " Mr. Editor, did you read that article I handed yon yesterday P" " Yes, sir." " What would you think after reading that if I teld yon that I bad but one year's schooling in my life?" I would think ,yon wasted your time most abominably." The rector bad been preaching on " The Brand of Cain," and at the close pointed his finger most impressively at a drowsy sailor in the gallery and howled : " What are your brands, my friend f" " Nigger-heel f chewin* and cut- plug for smokin'," was the. willing and polite reply. At the play.--First Lady (with high hat) : " My ! I'm so glad that man behind ns has gene ont 1 He made me so nervous, I hardly realised what I was seeing on the stage." Second Lady (with high hat): " Wasn't he terrible ? The way he wriggled and twisted in his seat ! I shonldn't think they'd allow such people in theatres to annoy folks." The first issue of the Broadaxe, in Blakely, contained an advertisement : " A boy wanted ats this office." The next issue of the Eat ly County News, published also in Blakely, con- tained the following : " Born to Mr. and Mrs. W. A Jordan, a bouncing baby boy." W. A. Jordan is editor of the Broadaxe. Some people pretend to believe that advertising does't pay, but it does. It was lately said of a self-sufficient re- former in words that many persons might well lay to heart And so every day he gave the Almighty Advice which he deemed Of great worth ; And his-wife took in sewing To keep things a-going While he superintended the earth. Told by a philosopher writer on matri- mony in a Western paper : " And jnst here let me repeat an anecdote of a wife of a few months, who, in the midst of her first quarrel, was asked by her husband which ought to give np first-the man who was the head of the woman, or the woman* who was created for the man. With a smile and a kiss the wife replied : ' Neither the stronger nor the weaker, but the one who loves the most.' " " What hos given yon food for such earnest reflection, my young friend ?" asked the minister at the Sunday-school picnio, meeting little Johnny sitting silently by the roadside. "I was wondering," replied the penitent young scamp, " whether I had just eaten a mushroom or a toadstool." No generous *man would go .to a spiritual seance given by a lady medium,"and as the ghost is walking abont, while the medium is tied in the cabinet, exclaim, " There's a rat right by the ghost 1" It spoils the effect to have the ghost cry eut and gather up its skirts and run. One of our prominent physicians was im- mensely pleased the other day. He has a card hanging in his office reading, " Consul- tations from 1 to 2," and a millionare patient handed him 1 dellar 50 cents and got out before the doctor noticed that some Vandal had placed the sign of dollar before the figures. Natural Bent for Business.-Customer (in grocery store, picking away at the raison box): . What aro these raisins worth, boy?' B»y -.. 4 Fi' cents.' Customer : ' What ! only 5 cents, a pound ?' Boy ; ' No : fi* cents, for what you'ye eat.' 