SUICIDE OF MR. F. O. BRUCE. SHOT THROUGH THE HEART. VERDICT OF TEMPOEABY INSANITY'. Great surpriEe v»as occasioned on Thursday morning when a rumor gained currency that Mr. Frederick Oberlin Bruce, of the well known firm of Bruce & Moore, solicitors, cf King William-street, had committed suicide by thooticg himself with a re volver. On enquiry the terrible news wa3 found to be bat too true. Mr, Thoma3 A. Wood, a clerk in the employ of the firm, on coiciEg into the office as usus,L &5 afoaut half -paut 9 in the morning, discovered Mr. Bruce eittic? in hte arm ch&ir; before his table. The truth spse at once apparent to the startled cleik, for underneath the ch&ir; w?.3 a pool cf blood and the instrument with which the un fortunate man had committed the rash deed — a Eix chamber revolver, On the table was a letter addreBssd to ilrs; Brace. Wood at oaee gave information to the police, and two foot constables were quickly on the scene, and kept out curious spectators, who %rery soon thronged the passage leading to the office, It was in Mr. Bruce's private room that he shot himself in the region of the heart, and the body pre sented a ghastly eight. The head reclined on tbe back of the chair, slightly on one side, and facing the open door. His hands lay quietly on his knees, and but for the pallor of his face and the presence of the blood and the revolver one might have easily imagined that the deceased was but sleeping. The revolver had fallen from his grasp, and behind the body the bullet was found on the floor. The room was in an untidy state, and a number of book3 were strewn about it. The coroner (Dr. Whittsll), the mayor (Sir E. T. Smith), and the Commissioner of Police were communicated with, and made an investi gation of the room. The various documents were taken care of, and the room locked up, and placed in charge of the police, Much sympathy is felt for Mrs. Brace, The letter addressed to Mrs, Bruce was forwarded to that lady, the Commissioner of Police, after consulting with the Attorney General, having decided not to open it. It was, however, returned to the Commissioner later in the day and produced at the inquest, the evidence adduced at which is given below. Mr. Bruce was about 49 years of age at the time of his death, the sadness of which is aug mented by the fact that he was only married a few months ago. His wife, who was Mias May Good, was his junior by about 26 yeara. He was of a retiring and reserved dis position, although he commanded the liking and respect of all who knew him. As a lawyer he was considered very sound, but he seldom appeared in the courts, preferring to occupy himself with the conveyancing and other cffic6 work of the firm to which he belonged, He never sought arjy public position, and his habit of sticking close to hie desk often induced his friends to try and get him out for a holiday. Almost the only public amusement for which he cared ?was a good race meeting, and he was a raember of Tattersalls. He came out to South Australia when quite yoacg in company with iiiB^father, who is stiii a!ive in England, and other members of the family. He was articled to the firm of Stow & T. P. Bruce (his brother), and was admitted to the bar about 1SS8, join ing in that year the present Judge Bouoaut in the firm of Boucaut & Bruce. Subsequently Mr, M. Stuart, now Commissioner of Insolvency, took Mr. Boucaut's place in that firm, and at a later date he was replaced by Mr, R. G. Moore, the firm of Bruce & Moore being solicitors to the Adelaide Corporation for several years and up to a recent date. Mr. Bruce's surviving brothers are Mr. Theodore Bruce, auctioneer, now of Broken Hill, and Mi. J. A. Bruce, the assayer. Only the day before yesterday the unfortunate -man ap peared perfectly cheerful and in higher spirits than neual among a circle of friends. It is a singular circumstance that the de ceased gentleman, with his wife, attended service on Sunday evening at Stow Church when the Bev. W. B. Fletcher preached from the passage in.the 14th chapter of Job, ' If a man die, shall he live again ?' Although Job was not clear as to the answer, the preacher pointed out that the question was of impor tance to every individual, because.deatb, like a precipice, was in the pathway of all living. Had the deceased any thoughts of the imme diate descent of the precipice when he sa listening to the sermon? 'Man giveth up the ghost; and where is he?' We learn that the deceased 'gentleman left his house at about the usual hour on Thursday morning, and there was nothing in his de meanoj to lead his wife to entertain a sus picion that he intended to take his life ; on the contrary be asked her more then once to meet him at 6 o'clock, when he would have finished his budness for the day. On the previous evening he made a remark, it is said, to Mrs. Bruce, which in the light of subsequent events possesses a peculiar significance. 'If any thing ever happens to me,' he said, and the he advised his wife aa to what she should do. 