Social Squibs. [By the Editor.] 'Soized and tied down to judge, how wretched I, Who can't be silent and who will not lie ; To laugh were want of goodness and of grace, Yet to be grave oxceeds all power of face : My weapon's humour, but I'm too disoroot Tj run amuck and tilt at all I meet ; No patriot my pliant lash shall feel But only meddlers with the public weal.' — Pops Rhvised. Thb rain, which has been recently prayed for in some of tho churches, rather unkindly pre vented some folks from attending our Anglican Church on Sunday evening last. But was it the rain — or, the excuse J A story which may be illustrative to some degree is told thus. A clergyman who once only had one person as an audience, said to that individual (a lady)—' I am thankful chat one membor of tho church is not afraid to come out in rain as well as in sun shine,' to which remark Mrs. Prayhard replied — 41 Well, if it hadn't rained I couldn't have come; for my new bonnet isn't ready.' Amongst the many things which have been spoken but which would have been better left unsaid, there are few that have been Bt- produc tive of great surprise as the exclamation which bought trouble to an eldrrly man in Sydney tho other day. Whilst waiting to get into an omnibns which several others were entering, just as a c irpulent and well-upholstered old lady was pulling herself on to the step of the vehicle, he rather unfortunately alluded to the crush by saying, ' What a hustle !' This caused the old lady to give a right- about-face turn, and a second afterwards a fine belltopper was spoiled and an umbrella broken, while the poor old fellow narrowly escaped being taken iuto cus tody and quite lost his character till he got amongst his own friends again. Canon Read (of Carcoar) fired a big charge at modern Pharisees on Sunday morning last, at our Anglican Uhurch — aud didn't forget them who whetherrightor wrong, send all theirrelatives and friends to Heaven (and sometimos nearly send the printer somewhere else) by writing extravagant poetical epitaphs for publication. We've joyous news this week for that count less host known as 'political aspirants,' who, we hope, will keep calm just till we tell it. Steady there I— Victoria wauts eight more mem' bers of Parliament. Off you go, now ! Sir Henry Pabkks states that he intends to die a member of the Legislative Assembly, and says there is no ' Dpper House for hiin.' 'An open confession is wood for the soul,' and' the great Hi Ham's somewhat ambiguous allusion to a Upper House is at least suggestive of two thoughts— that there is a mansion in the sky, and that many truths are spoken in jest. A sign of the times I Recently we have re ceived quite a rush of orders to print Buch placards as ' Book agents only interviewed on Boxing Day,' ' Book and insurance agents only admitted into back yard ; beware of blood thirsty bnll-pnp 1' &c.;, &c.; Verily a book agent requires a constitution of brass and iron. It would be hard to conceive a more impudent theft than that perpetrated in Melbourne the other day, when a man attempted to snatch from a boy, a bag supposed to contain £175. As | the lad hvl'l on to the bag he was lifted into a buggy, which was then driven off. The boy ' screamed, and was thereupon dropped out of the vehicle, which passed. over him, and the thieves ! escaped — with an empty bag. After this, who will gainsay that sometimes 'the way of the transgressor is hard.' Amongst many there ia a craze to promulgate the so-called to-b --universal language, bearing the barbarous and anti-euphonious name of ' Volupiik.' A few of its advocates have nearly gone rampant mad over it, and one of them, in expounding its advantages at W^verley recently, is said to have become so enthusiastic that he was accidentally arrested' on a charge of using obscene language. For the benefit of reader.! who may be curious to know . something about the new language, we append the best description that has yet come, under our notice : — 'Take a toaspoonful of English, A modicum of Dutch, Of Italian just a trifle, And of Gaelic not too much ; Some Russian and Egyptian Aud then unto the whole, With just enough to (TaYour Of the linL-oof Hie Pole. Some Sinhalese and TTottentoi, A soupcon, too, of French, . Of native Scandinavian A pn't.ty thorough drcnch j Hungarian und Syriac, . A pinch of Jopanese. . ' ; ' With j list as .much Ojibbewaj And Turkish as you please. Now stir it gontly, boil it well, And if you've decent luck, The ultimate residuum You'll find is Volupukl' Minister Abigail again sang ' Jnst Before the Battle, Mother,', by request', at a Mount1 McDonald banquet on the lfch instant. Before he finished it another request was made,- in de ference to several who were suddenly and sin gularly seized with an attack of colic or spasms. Whilst travelling in a train at Adelaide tho other day a m»n lost £713 in card- playing and then Biimmmed the winner to the Police Court on a charge of obtaining money under f.ilse pre tences. The Bench held that there was no case against the accused, who was consequently dis charged. fernaps tlie plea wnich got the de fendant off was similar to that which secured the acquittal of the wag who, when charged with a somewhat similar offence, justified the use of cards as follows : — Does not the ace re- ? mind you there is one God. The Deuce —of the Father and Son. The Tray — of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The Pow.—oi the four Evangelists who preached,: Matthew, Ma'k, Luke, and John. Z7i«- Five— of the five wise virgins who had their lamps trimmed. The Six — 'In six days the Lord made the heaven and earth.' The Seven — ' On the seventh the Lord rested. ' The/ Eight — of the eight righteous per sons who were saved when God destroyed the world — Noah, his wife, three sons, and their wives. The Nine — nine lepers were oleansed by our Lord. There were ten, but nine gaye thanks. The Ten — of the ten commandments handed down to Moses. The King — of the great King in Heaven. The Quern— of the Queen of Sheba, a wise woman, who visited King Solo- j mon, and took with her fifty girls and fifty boys, all dresied in masculine attire for the king to tell which were boys and which girls. King I Solomon sent for water for them to wash, and as the girls washed to tho elbows and the boys to the wrists, the king soon judged. Counting the spots on a pack of cards there are 365, ai- many days as there are in a year. Counting tho num ber of cards to a pack, there are fifty-two, equal to the number of weeks in a year. There are four suits the number of weeks in a month ; and last, twelve picture cards in a pack, repre senting twelve months in a year, and on count ing the tricks, which are thirteen, the number of weeks in a quarter. 