THE OUTLAWS OF TUN STALL FOREST:' A ROMANCE OF THE OLD WORLD. By ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON, AnthJr of "' TreSr I tlcod," Et,. BOOK L THE TWO LADS. OHAPTIR VIL TBl HOODIE recl. They awoke in toe grey of the morning ; the birds were not yet in fall song, but twittered here and there among the wood ; the aen was not let up, but the eastern shk war batred with solemn colours. Half starved and overweary as thry were, they lay without moving, asunk in a deltghtful laet. tade. And sa they thus lay, the clang of a bell fell soeeeily upon their eare. 'A bell I' a.ud Dick, a ttiny n., ' Can we be, thee, on ne.r to Holycod ? A little alter, the Dell clanged again, hut this time a an.ehae nearer hand; and from that time forth, and stlil drawing nearer and nearer, it continued t sounad brokenly abroad in the silence of the morning. * Nay, what should this betoken ' said Dick, who was now broad awake. * It le some one walking,' returned Katcham, ' and the belt tolleth ever as he moves.' ' l ee that well,' said Dick. 'But where fore ? What maketh he in Tounetall Woods? Jack,' he added, ' laugh at me anye will, but Ilike not the hollw ouond of it.' 'Nay,' said Matcham, with a shiver, 'it hath a doleful note. An the day were cot some- Bat just then the ball, quickening Its pace, began to nor thick and narried. and then at gave a single hammering jangle, and was silent for a spaee 'It is as thou?h the bearer had ran for a pater.noster while, and then leaped the river,' Dick observed. ' And now begtoneth he again to pace soberly forward,' added Matcham. ' Nay,' retarned Dick -' say, not so soberly, Jack Tie a man that walketh you right speedily. Tsie a man in some fear of his life, orabonc some turried business. Seeye not how swift the beating draweth near ' ' It s now close by,' said Matcham. They were now on the edge of the pit ; and a the pit itself was on a certain eminence, they commanded a view over the greater proportion of the clearing, up to the thick woode that closed it in. The daylight, which was very clear and grey, showed them a rtband of white foot path wandering among the gores It pessed some hundred yards from the pit, and ran the who a length of the clearing, east and west. By thb. line of ita course, Dick judgee it should lead more or less directly to the Most Hoose Upon this path, stepping forth from the margin of the wood, a white figure now appeared It paused a little, and seemed to look about; and then, at a slow pace, and bent almoet - double, it began to.. draw near acrosse the heath. As every step the bell clanked Face, it had none; a white hood, not even pierced with eye-boles, vreded the head; and as the teature moved, it seemed to feel its way with the tapping of,, a stick. Fear fell upon the ladse. as cold as death. 'Aleper I' said Dick, hoarsely. 'His touch Is death,' said Mitcham. ' Let na rn.' ' Norse,' returned Dick. ' Seeye not ! he is atone blind. He guideth him with a aiff. let nolie still; the wind bloweth towards the path, and he will go by and hurt us not. Alas, poor soul; and we shoull rather pitt him' 'I will pity him when he is by,' replied Matcham. The blind leper was now abonut half-way towards them. and just then the sun rose and shone full on his veiled face. tie had been taUl man before he wet bowed by his dtisgusting sicknese, and even now be walked with a vigoronus step. The dismal beating of hle bell, the pattering of the stick, theejelees screen before his countenance, and the knowledge that he was not only doomed to death and anfering, but shut out for ever from the coach of his fellow men, filled the lads' bosoms with dismay; and at every step that brought him nearer, their courage and strength seemed to desert them. As be came about level with the pit, he aened, and turned his face full upon" the ' M.ry Le my shield He sees s I' said Matcham. faintly. 'lie.n!' inapered Dick. 'He doth but hearken. He is blihd, fool.' The leper looked or listened, whichever he was really doing, for some seconds. Then he began to move on again, but presently panued noe more. and again turned, and seemed to gaze upon the lads Even dick became dead white and closed his eee. as tf bt the mere ealht he might become infected. But toon the bell sounded, and this time, without any mrnber hesitation, the leper I crossed the remainder of the little heath I and disappeared into the covert of the woods. ' H saw mu,' said Slstcham. ' I could c swear it' ' Tot r returned Dick, recovering some spa- Le of courage. ' He but heard us. He was in fear, poor soul An yewere blind and walkedin a erpetlal ui ht, ce would I start ourself if ever a twig rustledor a bird cried " Prep. ' 'Dick, good Dick, he esaw s,' repeated Mtcham. ' When a man herkeueth, he l0th out as his man; he doth other wise, Dick This was seeina; it was not hearieg. He means foully. Hark else, if h hbl belt t no stopped r Such was the case. The bell rang re "? a,' said Dick. I like no,,that Nay, h ecried again. L I like that httle. What a this betoken Let as go. by the mass I' 'Be bath gone ra,' addel ?ateham. 'Good Dick. let us go westward straight I hal not breathe till I have my back turned apon that leper.' 'Jack, y' are too cowardly,' replied Dick. 'We ana!l o fair for IHolywood or as fair, Leasl, s I can guide you, and ibt will be u north.' q They were afoot at once, pased the 1ream upon some stepping-teone, and n began to6mont on the other side, which was steper, towards the margin of the wood The ground becam vero uneven, fullef P nolls and holewe ; and trees grew scar-I isred or in clumps : it b-came difficult to " l oe a path, and the lads somewhat wan Toaey were weary, beside with estarday's exertions and the lack of food, 0 and toey moved but bheavily and dragged their feet among the and. Presently, coming to the top of a knoll, thy wereaware of the leper, some hundred fet in front of them. cronsiog the line of b their march byI hollow. Hit bell was gilent, his staff noo longer tapped theground., and be we?l before him wtrb the swift and enored feoonstep of a man who sees. ext moment ha had disappeared into a little hlicket The lade, at the first glimpe, had crouched behind a tnft ofgora ; there they lay,horeor' struck. 'Certain, he purtueth us,' said Dick- , ' earin I He held the clapper of hit bell in ne hand. saw ye, that it abould not i sound. Now mry the saints ald and guide Ufor I have no strength to combat p?dti. * Wba maketh he r cried Mateham. 'What doth he want! Who ever beard the 1 like, that a leper, out of mere malice, Lonuld pursue unfortunates? Hath he no, bell to that veriy end, that people ma avoid him! Dick, there it below this something deeper,' * 'Nan, i care not,' moanad Dick; 'the airwleth is cone outof me; my legs sa like water. The siatls be mine usistance I' SWonld ye lie there idle ' cried Matcharm. 'lsnse beek into the open. We have the heter chance; he eannot steel upon uas Not I.' said Dick. ' My time il come, and gienad·eetore he mat paeas c by.' 'Bend ma t?en your borw eried theother. 'Whet I Will ye be a man Diet caresled himrelf. SWoold ye hesve me shoot oonalept?r he ged, 'The hand would failme Nyr, now.' Ia dded-' nyr, now, let be I With moond meln I ll fiSbt, but not with ghosts and I prs. Which this Is, I wot not. One or ether. isvena beoer protection I' 'Now,' esaid Mat:bam, 'if thi be man'r enrage, what a poor thing is man I But adth ye will do nought, let us lie close.' Thbe came a single, broken jlanDle onthe belt. 'He hath missed his hold upon thea ela-pe r' wbh:pered Matcha.s 'Saints, bow Bat Dick answered owe rword ;hie teth were nrechatterlng. There is no manbrave al] rond; and the beorde of this prsnilt by a heooded lever had found the weak place in onane Shelton'e armour Boon they saw a plcl of the white lobe between uoma coshee. then the lepre's head \-- thruat eorth from eblhhd a unck. and PIabbehe byd i sperl srrgeiat wIth the ao. be seemtel narrwy to scan the neighbnnr. hood befare bence. again withdrew. To their see?tehed smsa, he -whole beah appeared lilre with roetltags and the creak of twig, and they heard the beating ol each other's heart. Sudoenly, with a cry, the lepe. spran into the open close by, and ran straight upoi the lats. They shrieking alord, separseed, and began to ran dilaret ways. But their horrible enemy fastened upon Mhitcbam, r,, him swlftly down. and had him almost loitan~o a priaoner. The lad gave one scream that echoed high and far over the f.reat ; he had one spsem ot traggliag, and i then all his limbs relaegd, and he fell limp i taro his captor's arms. Dick heard the ory and turned. He raw 'atcham fall; and on the instant his sparit and strength revived. With a crl of pity and a·ger he unstrung and beat tie rb asl. But ere he had time to shoot th. lepe*r held op his hand. Hold your shot, Dickon !' cried a femiliar oi e.' H ld your shot, mad wag. Know ye oet a friend ' Ana thetn laing down Match am on th.n tarf, he undid the hood from off his face, anct diecoed the features of Sir Daniel rackley. ' Sir Daniel I' cried Dick. ' Ay, by the mase, Sir Daniel,' eaid the knight. ' eould ye shoot upon your guardian, rogue? Bat here is thi~-' And I sthoe he broke off. and pointing to Matcham, I nekid : ' How call ie him. Dicg ? 'Nay,' said Dick. 'I call him Master s ,Sltcham. Know ye him not He said ye c baew htm.' SA,' replied Sir Daniel, ' I know the lad; mud he chuckled. 'But be be has fainted, and, c bf my tooth, he mieht have had leea t, c tlast for. Hey, Dick Did I put the fear of death upon pon ' 'Iueead, Sir Daniel, ye did that,' maid t Dick, ard eighed again at the mare recollec. Nluy. ' Nay, sir, saning your rersect, I bad I as ref a' met the devil in person ; and to t speak truth, Iam pet all a-muake. Bt wha. made ys, sir, in uach a guilse?' Sir Daniel's brow grew suddenly black with anger. t hat made Ir he said. * Ye do well t a mind me of it. What? I skulked for my Sour life In my own wood of Tunsrall, Dick. We were ill-sped at the battle ; we but not b there to be swept among the rot. Where h he all my good men.at'arms! Dick, by the S ?se, I know not. We were swept down ; he .bot fell thick among n. I have nout a wen one man in my own colours since I saw a bree fall For myself, I came round to Sh? reby, and being mindful of the Black c Arrow, got me this gown and bell, and cam stlyr by the path for the Moat Hooae tbere to no disguise to be compared with it S he jingle of thts bell wonuld scare me the a stoute.t outlaw in the forest; they would all turn pale to hear it. At length I came by I ronaed Matcham. I could see hot evilly hrough this same hood, and was not sure d If yo, being chiefly, and for many a good a canee, astonished at the finding you together. Moreover, in the open, where Ihad to go lowly and tap with my stave, I feared to b disclose myself. But ee.' hbe added, 'rbip a 1o0r shrew begins a little to revive. A li:tth good canary will comfort me tic heart of it.' The knight, from under his long drees, ,roduced a stout bottle, and been.. to rab the temples and wet the lips of the patient, hbo rerurned gradua.;y to cornscousm 1 eeas, and began to roll dim eyes frJm one to another, What cheer, Jack ' said Dick. ' It was ao lever, after all I It was Sir Daniel Seer C Swallowme a good draught of this,' said he knight. ' This will give you manhobd. l'hereafter, I willgiveyou bothameal a ,d we e shall all three .on to TunstalL For Dick,' 0 ie continued, laying forth bread and meat peon the grass, 'I will avow to you in all cood conscience, it irks me sorely to be sale etween lourr walls. Not since I backed a borse nave I been pressed so hard ' peril o life, jeopardy of land and livelihoo and to I urnm up, all these losele in the wood to hunt I me down. But I be not yet shent Some olf icy lads will pick me their way home. Hatch bath ten fellows ; Selde, be bad tiz. Nay, weaball soon be strong again; and if I cao but buy my peace with my right for. tunate and undeservmg Lord of Yrk, why, b Dick we'll be a man again and go a boe. hack.' And, so saying, the knight filled himelf a hornol canary, and pledged his ward In d.mb show. h 'Selden,' Dick faltered-' Selden- ' and be pa? ed again. i Sir Daniel put down the wine untsated. a 'ow y be cried, In a changed voice. -Seld.n-lpeak. What of Seldena' p Dick stammered forth the tale of the 1 ambash and the massure, The knight heard t silence; but as he L litened. his countenance became convulsed with rage and grie L 'Now here,' he cried 'on my right hand I Ic maear to avenge itl If that Ifal, if that I spill not tenmen's souls for each, may this a band wither from my body ? I broke this Duckworth like a rush ; I beggared him to his 9 -oor. I tmrned the thatch about his head; d?rove him from this na?ey; and now cmetbh he backtoberd me Na, but, Duck I aortb, but this time it shall go hbitter hard I' He wa silent for some time, hua face dl wrkiing. SEat.' he cried sunddenly. 'And you bere! o he added to Matcham, ' swear me an eoath to allow straightto the Moat House.' 'I will pledge mine honour.' replied 'What make Iwith youear honour?' cried hr rhe kahbt. Swear me upon your mother's wetlare r tarchbam gave the required oath; and Sir e* Daniel readjasstd the hood over hies fae.aud kr prepared has bell and staff. To see him oncee nose to that appalling travestie someehbt in reived the horror of his two companions. But 5 tbe knight was soon upon his feet 'Eat with a despatch, he said, ' and follow a ae rarely to mine bonse,' And with that he na forth again into the hi wnods ; and pemently after the bell began to fmond, numbering his steps, and the two eiac tat by their uctasted meal, and beard it die owly wy wayup philinto the distance. ' And so ye go to Tunstall Dick in. wired. T i Yea, verily,' said Matcham, ' when needs si anst I am braver behind Sir Daniel's back ban to his face r They ate hastily, and set forth along the tb ath through the airy upper levels of the crest, where great beechee stood sparti among green lawns, and the birds and iunrrels made merry on the boughs. Two I toure later, they began to descend upon the a tbher side, and already among the tree-tops, raw before them the red walls and roofs of a Nnstalil bonse. SHesre,' said Matcham, psuainr, ' yre shall to -ke your leave of your friend, Jack, whom at ' are to see no more. Come Dick, forgive im what he did amias, uas he. for hia pere, eaerlally and lovingly forgiveth yore.' 'And wherefore so' asked Dick. ' An re w both go to TunetraJI, I ohebaIlee yon yet all .,gain. trow, and that right oluten.' tO ' e'ell never agan see poor Jack Matcham,' mplied the other, ' that was so leerful and 8 aurtheamome, and yet placked you Irom the m ever ; ye'll not are him more, Dick,. by mine o onour.' ie held his arms open, and the p ?da embraced and kissed. ' And, Dick.' i raanuned Matchbam, 'my spirit bodeth ill, N ' are nouw to see a new Sir Doaniel; for eretofore hath all prospered In his bands S sceoiingly, and fortune followed him; but ow, msthbaks, whebsn hile fate hath come tb npoa him, and he runs the advenntureof his lfe, he will prove hobut a fool lord to both of hb a. He may be brave in battle, but he hath he lir'.s eye; there is fear tn hie eye, Dick, In and tear is as cruel as the wolf. We go a dawn into that boase, Saint Mary golde as ue ,rtb again.' rnd so they continned their descent in m ilence, and canme out a.Ist beforeSSr Daniel's o orest strongbold, where it stood, tow and bdy,. filaked with round towers and stained le rth mosae and lichen, In the liied warenof be moat Elven as they appeared, the doorn ti ere opened, the bridge lowered, and Bir C Dantel himself, with Hatch and the e paron at his aide, stood ready to receive therm. il 