? Vv-- CRUMBS. Good business place to let. : 1 . ?. Books, \cost price, at Fergus's. ? See Tattersall's monster consultations. ' (t^* Chests of drawers, coat price, aV Fergus's. There is no man so bad but has a secret respect for the good. At the London wool sales on Tuesday prices remained unchanged. Tho St. Petersburg journal complain in strong terms of the action of Austria in massing troops on the Russian frontier. ?- Arrangements have been made for the fit ting up of a stall at the Glasgow exhibition for the sale of Australian wines. It is reported that the Italian naval authorities are concentrating the whole of the Italian navy in the Mediterranean. His Holiness the Pope has ordered the clergy in Ireland to abstain ,frOm attending illegal meetings and secret political societies, The Comte de Paris approves of a revision of the monarchial constitution of France, which, in his opinion, will alone guarantee order at home and peace abroad. . \ The distribution of the Khedive's 'star ' to the members of the Soudan Contigent may be expected to take place shortly after the arrival of the Oroya in Sydney. ' Mr. Bonfield the postmaster of Palmer's Island, has been remanded on a charge of embezzling a sum of £940 from the Govern ment. . Mr. T. Rose, the lecturer, is to attend the protectionist meeting to be held at Club hotel this (Saturday) evening at: 8 o'cjMk. The meeting is open to the press and public. An undeniably good speculation— the pro-' perty which is to be put up by auction by Mr. A. S. Simpson on 5th May. .Consider ing the rapid growth of Cootamundra, money judiciously expended in the purchase of town; property must in a few years double itself. J ust at day break yesterday morning an army of goats made a determined attack on a townsman's property. At first they carried everything before them, but, after a continu ous and heavy cannonading, they were eventually repulsed, several being killed and many wounded. A correspondent from Burrowa states that the land revenue at that place for the last quarter amounted to about £16,000. Dur ing the same period there were 163 appli cations for conditional purchase, ' and conditional lease covering an. area of oyer 24,000 acres. A terrier dog entered Bolton Infirmary and attracted the attention of the house surgeon, who found one of the anim'al?s legs broken. He set the limb, the dog meanwhile licking the surgeon's hand. It refused to leave the hospital, and was installed as an in-patient. No generous man would go to a spiritual '* seance given by a lady medium-, and as the ghost is walking about, while the medium is tied in the cabinet, exclaim 'There's a rat right by the ghost !' . It spoils the effeot to have the ghost cry out and gather: up its skirts and run. 'What has given you. food for suoh earnest reflection, my young friend ?' asked the minister at the Sunday-school picnic, meeting little Johnny sitting silently by the - roadside. 'I was wondering ' said the penitent young scamp, ' whether I had just eaten a mushroom or a toadstool.' M. de Freycinet, the French Minister for War, announced in the Chamber of- deputies that it was the intention of the' Government to introduce an army bill to enable France to place 1,000,000 men on 'the the Franco German frontier, and to retain 1*000,000 troops inland. . ' The rector had been preaching on ' Tho Brand of Cain,' and at. the close pointed his finger impressively at a, drowsy sailor in ithe gallery and howled : ' ' What are your brands my friend ?' ' Nigger-heel f' chewin' and out-plug fer smo'kin',' was the willing and polite reply. A Polish lady purchased a clock near the frontier, and in order to escape1 paying the duty, smuggled it into her dress improver. Oh the Polish side being , reached, the cus-^ torn authorities, inspected; her luggage,' and - thie.lady was just going on her way when the: alarinum of the clock struck up amid general laughter, the fair contrabandist being ordered to pay a fine in addition to giving up the clock. , ? ? The funeral of the late Jno. Sinclair took- place at Albury pn Tuesday afternoon. : The, procession was headed by the Albury band, playing the ' Dead March ' followed by the' hearse. Then came both lodges of_ the Masons, the friends and relatives of ttier deceased, the railway employes at Albury; ana a long concourse of buggies and towns-/ people on foot. The local volunteers did nofc have notice in time or they would have* turned out to do honour to the soldier who bad gone through the stirring events of. the; Crimea, India and New Zealand. ; Their Name is Legion.— Legions .of! people have had their lives made miserable, by piles. This painful difficulty is often in duced and always aggravated . by constipa« ? : tion. Dr. Bell's Bitters is the great remedy for all affections of this kind. It; aots as a gentle cathartic, promotes' a healthy; i aotion of tho bowels, and soothes and heals' the inflamed surfaoes. It has cured hundreds of cases where all other remedies and' appli cations have failed. Sold by all druggists.— 2 : 