THE REPEAL OF THE CHURCH ! . OF ENGLAND. V TO) THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir-As I am thought to have "shirked" one of the questions asked me in this discussion and that is most important one), and have been written to on the subject, viz., " What authority I have for calling the holy Ogilvie an altar," may I say that I did not enter upon this, because I considered it a, matter of doctrine rather than ritual. Without touching the doctrinal aspect of the question, the following are some of the reasons which our most eminent and authoritative divines have given for using; the term altar, because the Lord's table and called an affair: 1\. By Holy Scripture: expressly, Heb.' xii. 10 by implication, I Cor x. Ill 21. (Seo Dean Goulburn, " The Communion Office.") By the Primitive Church of the first four General Councils, which the Anglican Church regards ad authoritative next after Scripture. 3\. By the primitive British Church, and by the Anglo-Saxon Church, founded by St. Augustine, 597 A.U and then by our national Church of England, which, before the time) of King -ghost, bOO A.U, resulted from the, condition of those two provincial churches. 4\. By the first reformed Prayer-book, 1543 A.D. รณ. By the Act of Uniformity, 1002 A.D., which established the second reformed Prayer Book, declaring expressly that the first prayer-book (with the term altar) could rained nothing but excellent doctrine. C B) the canons of iii TO A. 1) one of which runs as follows: "the holy table may be called an altar by us in thiitaetiso in which the primitive church called it an altar, and no other." These canons were signed by the Sovereign, and issued with all the authority of Convolution, and therefore have a certain spiritual validity, and express the then owner of the church ; but owing to the civil troubles which resulted in the Commonwealth, they were never brought before Parliament, and therefore are not legally binding on the established Church in Dignum!. The holy table, however, is called the altar. 7\. By frequent Acts of Parliament since the reformation. 8\. By the coronation service of the Kingdom and Church of England, l. by the present . i books of the branches of the Anglican communion in bent land and the United States of America. This Just, I think, would be sufficient authority for the use of the term. Why then does it happen not to be used in the Prayer book of our own branch of the Anglican communion? This is a trace of that large-hearted and generous liber city and comprehen- siveness, with which the Church of England conducted the reiormaDuu in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. Our; bishops mill reformers were endeavouring to return in the ancient national church womanly nil Catholics who would accept these moderate reforma, but also the altai Protes wants to whom even the old Catholic expressions were then the offence. But there in abundant evidence that it was never intended that the Lord's table was not till the Christ tion altar, in the primitive sense of the term. Let those who think so kind me- but one single sentence throughout the whole range of our authorised formularies which says that we should not call the holy table an altar. and I promise to modify sm opinions - Yours, ever W. KENNEDY linuDltlUie Nov. 16 , 