Sorope. Sinoe tbe opening of the railway between Tien-tsin end Taku Chins, the trains have been very full, and the crowding to them of the thousands of natives augurs well far th succ-ss of the lins and tor extensions of the undertaking in the futnre. Mr. John Graves, farmer, of Skirbeek, Lincolnshire, finds hiB second experiences in tobacoo oultnre is a failure, in eon- sequence of tbe exaessive rainfall and low temperature that have prevailed Bines tbe plants were set in Jane last. Pure air is to the lungs tbe moat important tonic, and we should Bee to it that we have euffi '.isnt of it in tbe rooms in which we live ant work Not only mast the air space be enffioieot, but 'hat air must be constantly re ne wed, if we are to live healthy lives. N»r oan the 'moor '-nee of open-air exercise be exaggerated We should acoustom ourselves and our children to bs out in all weat-b»re, and at all temD=ra'ures. unless there be eoce special reason to <-he contrary. Keep the skm bealthy witb regular cold bathing, and alway- wear wool next to it, Robert Louis 8 evenson's dedioation of " The Black A'row" to hiB wife is ingenious and unique. Iu It he say-: '"I have watched wiih interest, with prin and t length witb amusement, yonr u availing attempts tc peruse Tbe Blaok Arrow,' and I think I shoold lack humoar fadeed if 1 let the oeoasi-n slip and did no put your name in fhe fly leaf of the only book of mine that you have never resd — and never will." An opera singer lived in London twenty yesrs ago, having married a private soldier, wh- we discharge she purchased. They w nt to Chicago The girl came into a fortune o- £16 000 Her husband fell in love with her niece, and the wife has just sued for a divoroe and haa obtained it. The husband gels far niaoe and the fortune, which the opera singer had foolishly -ettled upon him. The «iff now says : ' I au« heartbroken and penniless, and rue tbe day when that man's fine form and handsome bead lured me from my pro fession and my country. a til:-- ae« frVioi hia friflnfi /a uniuaujau uihiiaco iu 1« dead, but will tell you that " His name has been added Jo the master roll of ghosts '" or that " h has become one of the anciems.' " he has returned to tbe shades," "bs bav taken farewell of the world, ' " he hss gone s !o s? journey" — expressions very frequently u ed when fipeaking of the dead. . The matter is not always treated with reverence however, for they will sometimes sav : " He has swallowed his breath," or slipped his afcia." "Tne mountain has collapsed J' rtfere to a de -d emperor, and " the dream ie over" meana that a prince ia dead. 