Bringing: a Gang of Grave .Robbers to Hook. : {New York Sun). . Timlin is ono crime which stands out in tho minds of the . masses ubove all others on the calendar — even above cold blooded murder, Tlmt is tho evirao of grave-robbing. The avcrngo jury will acquit a prisoner of almost airvthing elso, under one pica or another, but the grave robber can make no. plea, nor find an ex cuse. The man who disturbs our dead will over be considered a ghoul, and the public will cry out for revenge against him. Some years ago, when I was in active detective service in one of ? tho Middle States, u certain locality became in Tested with bodysnatch ers. It was a large, populous county, having many deaths and a score of ceme teries, and before any well-organised plan to capture the scoundrels had been con ceived, they had robbed upwards of a score of- graves. The detcctio'n of such plunderers would seem to be a very easy matter. One would arguethat nothing more would bo needed than to set a watch on a certain cemetery, or on two or'thrco of them, and that tho fellows must certainly be bagged. Although they aro nearly always men of the lower walks of life, they arc by no means deficient in nalivo shrewdness. Thcv know what detection signifies, and they take more .precautions than a house breaker. The local detective talent had exhausted itself without resiilt, and when 1 received charge of the whole matterl soon realised that I had a sharp lot of 'Yaseals to deal with.! They had stolen bodies from cemeteries carefully watched, and they had shipped them from stations in .all sorts of disguises. Every body was going direct to medical colleges within a radius of 100 miles, and it was evident that the oniecrs of those institutions stood in, ' and would , throw every obstacle in my way. Tho sheriff of the county gave me the services of 10 deputies as a start, [and after I had made the circuit of the county and rioted evciy burial place, I posted the men, two at a place. In each in stance they were to watch all night, and they were in no case to inform the public of the nature of their work. 'With the six men posted in thrcn different villages I had the poorest luck. Almost the first move they rnudc was to give themselves away, and I presently learned that not one of them dared enter a graveyard, after dark. They had contented themselves with skirmish ing around, and during the first two weeks of their watch bodies were stolen from each graveyard. The four other deputies were on guard at cemeteries in liiruo towns, and they leapt their trusts sn faithfully that thu ghouls were held at a distance. Tor my part I had a cemetery in a city of 15.000 people. It had suf fered more than any of the others, and I believed the town to he the headquarters of the gang. 1 had to reveal my identity and my purpose to the trustees and tho superintendent, as a matter of course, and they were astounded at the idea of my watching alone. There had been u watch composed of tho gravcdigger, two constables and two policemen, but thoy had hung together, and graves had been opened almost under their noses. At the hotel where I boarded I gave out that I was a night telegraph operator. This accounted for my being absent at night and sleeping daytime. I entered the ecinetery only after dark, and always left it in the groy of morning. I located all graves unler six weeks old, and kept track of every new one made, and after a couple of nights I felt quite at home in the city of the dead. I do not pretend to say I did not feel a bit pokish, und that now and then the vision of a white head stone through tho pines did not give me a sudden start, but 1 was there on duty, and for an object, and pride would have kept me there though a ghost had chal lenged me at every turn. It was now the middle of October, with a great deal of rain- and high winds, and I look back upon those long nights and shudder. I was armed with a double-barrelled shot gun and a revolver, and carried a dark lantern and three pairs of handcuffs. 3ty instructions were to capture or kill, and t knew that the body-snatchers went by twos and threes. Each night, from nn hour after davit to the breaking of day, I was on the move through the cemetery, getting many ulanns, but developing nothing until the sixth night. While I hud been watching this place bodies had been stolen at almost every other place in the country, and .1 hung on because I believed tho ghouls would soon make li change. On the sixth day the body of a suicide was buried. He was u fine, large man, who had sent a bullet in.to his brains, and, being a stranger, had been buried (it tho expense of tfio city. It was quite likely tlmt the ghouls had n spotter, and very probable that they would seek to snatch this body. ' On'that sixth night I posted myself behind a monument just across ono of the cemetery streets from the new grave, and for five hours I did not move a foot. I had calculated where tho robbcrA would come in, and. I felt so Bsto\tl-ey would come that I was not surprised when midnight brought them. They perhaps mistrusted that tho cemetery was watched, for they, came along as softly as Indians., . They were three in number/- There was a patter of rain on tho fallen leaves, with occa sional gusts of wind harassing the trees, nnd I neither saw nor heard thorn until they were clqso iipon mo. The grave had been located to a certainty by. one of the number, and they lost no time in getting to work, i Ono disappeared to tho right and the other to the loft' to act as sentinels,- while, the third pulled off.: his cout and began work with a shovel. The mnnnerin whichho \rorkcd proved him a professional. Ho went down to tho coffin like a rabbit digging a burrow in snndy soil. . Ho did not open tho full; length of .: the gravo, thereby having all' tho dirt to throw out, but dug; down to tho head of the box, and I plainly heard tho hollow sound as his shovel struck. it.' He then threw away tho shovel for -a crowbar, and in two or three minutes had split open both box and coffin. It soonied. to mo that tho man must be a savago as I heard tho wood splitting and breaking ; and so great was my indignation that I could hardly prevent myself from leaving my post. ?.'??'' ''' I I was.thoro to; capture not. ono, but. all, '? and yef I did not intend to betray my self even when they had secured the body. The man came out of the grave, uttered a low whistle, and in » minute was joined by tho other two. He had affixed a rope to the. neck of the corpse, and tho three now took hold -and drew tho body from tho coffin and out of the hole. ; A sack had been brought along, and tho cadaver was put into this and tied up. The shoveller started to fill in tho gravo, but after he had worked a minute, one of the others observed : ' Oh, lot that go ! He is only apauper, and no one will cure whether he is in or out.' ... Thereupon two of them seized the bodj , the third gathered up the tools, and as they moved away I followed them. A horse and waggon wero waiting outside the fence, und. as soon as the body was dumped into tho vehicle, a lot of oats in a bundle, which had been brought along for tho purpose, wero thrown in on top. 'When the ' waggon moved off only one man accompanied it. The others wont in different ways, to meet again at 6omo rendezvous, and I followed after one of them. Ho went straight for the town, never once looking buck or suspecting that he might- bo shadowed. Day was just breaking as I saw him enter an old tannery on the outskirts of. the town, and I knew that the; waggon and the other men would soon show up at tho same place. - An hour later I was at tho place with a detachment of police, and we mado a wonderful haul. Four waggons had come in from ' different parts - of the county, three of them bringing one sub ject each, 'and the fourth having two. The five corpses were not only there in their sacks, but we captured seven men whose work was not yet finished. Thoy had tho bodies to ship away, and wero making ready to box them up. The boxes were there and marked, and the ghastly contents were to go away by express as a patent preservative of eggs. Wo did not secure the men without a fight, and in the milie a policeman was wounded and one of the ghouls killed. 'When they had been taken to guol I sized the crowd up and selected one man who I believed could bo induced to poach. Ho was ready enough to give tho whole : thing away, in order to save himself, and the story he told and tho proofs he fur nished revealed a horrible state, of affairs in that community. There was an organisation, numbering 15 men, who made body-snatching almost their solo business. The agent of the express com pany got so much per head for every box shipped from his oflice. Tho messenger on the road also received his per capita. The head man was a livery stablekeeper, and tho others were bummers and loafers, most of whom had done time in prison. liy patient work and persevering effort I got the whole lot behind tho bars, and then at least half of them were ready to turn State's evidence. They had been at work for upward of two years, and re ceived tho lixed price of 25 dollurs for every body delivered at the expvess oflice. If there were earrings or finger rings or gold filling, the find belonged to those who secured the body. 'For a long time great pains were taken to fill in the graves and obliterate all traces of their work, but they finally became so bold tlmt Iho desecrated graves were left open and few precautions observed. In the two years this organisation had robbed over 200 graves. Tho arrest and trials created intense excitement, and ono of the results was that almost every grave in the country under three years old was opened by friends' of tho deceased. A large number of them was found emptj-. In Komo cases costly monuments had huen erected at tho head of graves holding cnly empty coffins. Only the ono par ticipant, was permitted to turn State's ' evidence, and ho was very freo to talk with me concerning his horrible avoca tion. ' It may bo against tho law,' ho calmly said to me, 'but it seems a pity to wtistc fo much material. AVhen a subject will bring 25 dollars in cash what is the use of letting him waste away in ; the ground ? Yes, people have feelings about it, but if people do not know that the grave is empty they arc just as well off, and we aro a grcnt deal better. You cull it a horrible trade. Well/it struck me that way the first time I handled a subject, but I soon got over it. It docs ' not do to have too much feeling in busi ncFS*matters.' . I learned from him that tho organisa tion know that all the cemeteries and graveyards were being wutuhud, but it made little difference with their work. '.It is easy enough to frighten a watchman away,' he added, 'and I'm certain that none of tho men under you have hindered us at all. Mo and my gang went over to the graveyard at Blank ville for the coi-psc of a young man. We found that you had two men on the watch. They. were not in the burial ground, but roosting, on tho fonco, and when I put a sheet around me and sud denly showed up, they took to their heels in a- way to mako you laugh. We got our subject, left tho grnyo open, and your men filled it in by daylight rather than have it known that we had been thoro.' ' Did you ever .tako a body oxcept at night r' I asked him. 'Yes, several. Saturday afternoon is the very best time to work a villago graveyard, if it is rightly situated. Then everybody is busy,' teams aro passing along the' roads, and no one observes you too closely. It is btvt seldom that a funeral is* held on Saturday afternoon. They either bury on Friday or wait until Sunday. Ko one goes to the graveyard on that day, and three good men can get in their work and feel pretty safe about it. One of .tho bodies shipped off last week was got on a Saturday afternoon iu lirowiisville. That's a village 22 miles away: It was a bit exciting, the getting of. that body., It was that of u woman, who had died of cancer of tho throat, and wo had : been keeping track of her coso for a whole year. Wo meant to have her when she went, and sho was buried on Friday - and wo got there. Saturday after dinner. Wo had a lot of new hay to throw over tho sack, and wo drove through the town as boldas.you please. ',, There wero' three : of us,, ,nnd while two Btood watch: I. flung tho dirt out und split tho coffin opon. Just then there canio an alarm. . A chap, who turned out: to be' a brotlior.of tho; dead woman, was entering tho graveyard by tho,. gate. „ Wo -wore, badly -.rattled, and^ . my': two comrades, bolted across lots, jl? plucked- up ' couragb: riftcrVa minutcV and going- down, vto.' meet. -the fellow, I asked who ho was and what ho wanted there. He had come, ho said, to look ' at the lot and muasure it for . a fence. Then I put on /that -I was a grave digger, an* that no one could come in under the now rule of the trustees with out a permit, and when he began, to bluff at me I hauled off and knocked him in -a heap. Ho went away as mad as a hornet, but I knew Ho would not return for an hour, nnd long enough before that timo wo had tho body but and the grave filled up. I exchanged hats and coats with one of tho men, und then drove tho waggon right back through the town. I had the sack well covered with hay, but you must know that a man with such, a load as that behind him cannot be exactly easy in his mind. I had got beyond tho town, when a couple of men came riding after mo. One was the sheriff himself, and he at once put me under arrest. It seemed that a rig of the sort had been stolen from a farmer a fow miles away the night before, and the sheriff had got track of my outfit, and was sure it was the ono. Nothing I could say had any effect on him,. and I had to turn around and drive back to town and the gaol. They were about to lcok mo up and take the rig to a stable, when the fanner happened to come lip. It was not his outfit, of course, and within five minutes tho sheriff was apologising to me ; but it was such a closo /?nil 4'Tin4- «irr T\r.nl+ /twl Tin4* rrnt- \\\nfi~\r 4-n' ii-n *-*tJX tllUU J ' 'vlllU Ulll 1IUU ijUV ?JUW'Iv tU A In) regular beating for two hours. While the rig stood in front of the gaol -i dozen men surrounded it, and several of them pulled off handfuls of the hay. Had they discovered the sack and its contents nothing could have saved mo going up to a limb.' . 