FICTION. I Fra» Kuill.li, Ainrrlcna. mai Otb«r P«rl»dlc»l». A «TEDDING AND A MYSTERY. [BY A. K. GREBK.] I IV.-MRS. GRETOREX- (Continued.; " Good God !" exclaimed Dr. Cameron, " a guest ;oing to the wedding !" ' Another carriage and another ; the street seemed dive with them. "Why didn't I think of this," muttered the loctor, foeling the cold sweat breaking out over lim. '< Do you expect anything else ?" asked the de- tective. " The parents, hoping for her return up to the last, naturally could take no measures to warn their guestB. You will even seo an awning up yan may be sure." " 'Tis horrible !" came from his companion with bitter emphasis ; and at the corner ot St. Nicholas Place he almost stopped as if he felt himself unable to proceed. But the detective's firm figure passing hurriedly on, ho recovered from his momentary i weakness and followed him. I Meanwhile the stream of carriages kept up, and presently they could hear the slamming of doors as their occupants alighted. Something in the sound, in the general aspect of things, seemed to move the doctor strangely. "Hark," cried he, clutching at the detective's arm to stop him. " There is no confusion, no delay ; the guests go in and are received. And look! Lights- lights from basement to garret! What does it mean ? Do those wretched parents still hope that she will come ?" For answer, Mr. Gryce drew him hurriedly on. " Don't stop for anything," ho cried. " Forget your wrongs, your fears, your hopes even. Be a machine ; we have work to do." Then with a sudden change of tone. " You must not be seen by these people, and you must see the hostess, and immedi- ately. How are we going to do it? Is there a ?basement door ?" , " Yes,-tnro ti,A si¿e.¿oor ig better. If we are met it will cause less reu,^,_ j am expected at the side-door." - - " Good ! To the side door, then." And u.-i"-n_ through a crowd of small urchins that blocked the road, they made their way around the house to the entrance mentioned, catching glimpsas through the windows, as they did so, of blazing chai*ieiiors an¿ towering plants, and hearing with feeing that may well be imagined the bewildering tones i* an orchestra, mingled with the hum of many voicea.A They opened the door. A festive scene bujg| upon them, but they paid it little heed. The t||fj figure of the family butler, bowing before thdBal absorbed all their attention, for ho wore a IOOIPL expectancy and cheerful welcome that added to» öle mystery of the momont and made it difficult/ &>r the dostor to stammer out : L " Where is Mrs. Gretorex ? I must see herat once." The butler, surprised, stared at the doctor an instant, and, seeing something in his face that he did not understand, faltered helplessly and turned his eyes upon the detective. " Mrs. Gretorex," repeated Dr. Cameron. " I want to see her. Tell her-" "Wait!" whispered Mr. Gryce, "I had bettor send her my name." And he took a card out of his pocket. But the butler more and more surprised, shook his head, and while he did not refuse to take the card, muttered : " Pardon, monsieur ¡-Madam Gretorex make her toilet, but if Dr. Cameron will go to his room, I will tell her-" " That will do," broke in the detective. " Take us up stairs at once." And ignoring with his usual imperturbability, the glances of astonished inquiry that followed his rather burly figure elad in its common business coat, he pushed his way to the stairway without waiting to see if the doctor waB behind him. This gave the butler an opportunity to whisper, "The bride is a little late, monsieur; and Mrs. Gretorex ask me to say-" " I cannot wait," broke in the doctor, exasperated that they should still attempt to keep him in ignorance of the real state of affairs. " I will go up, and you see that Mrs. Gretorex comes to me immediately." And he followed in the wake of the detective, oonscious from the expression of the faces ho passed, that he wore anything but the aspect appropriate to his supposed position of bridegroom. i Mr. Gryce was waiting in the hall above. " I < have inquired for the room set apart for your use," whispered he, " and they point out the one at the end of the hall. Isn't it a sham?" he added. "And what pluck on the part of the mother. I declare I had no idea she would carry it as far OB this. But I suppose she could not help herself. She kept hoping and hoping from minute to minute that her daughter would come, and has not yet found courage nor opportunity perhaps to ex- plain the situation and dismiss her guests. If it were not for what we have still to do," he added as they stepped into the room which had been pointed out to them, "I would wait and hear what excuses she would frame to meet the emergency ; for you may be sure they would be entirely in accordance with the demands of the occasion." "There is no excuse possible. The truth will have to he told," declared the Doctor. But Mr. Giyce shook his head, and pointing to the clock, replied: "There is yet an hour before us. If she will come to us at once, and go with us at once, Mr. Gretorex may safely be left to an- nounce to the throng that his daughter has been suddenly taken so violently ill that her marriage to-night is impossible. Not one in a dozen will be- lieve him, hut the talk that will follow will not hurt you j and to-morrow any turn can be given to the story which the facts will bear out." " Yes, yes," began the doctor, but he went no further, for at (hat moment (here was a rustle heard on the threshed, and Mrs. (Jretorex, mag- nificent in velvet *a(* diamonds, slowly pushcl open tho door and Bt'od in a dignified attitude before them. Both^ntlemen started forward and both gentlemen ;"*Uifed confused, for her air was one of courteoi" Protost and tbo glance she allowed to trave»AOm ono to the otner had nothing but a hau--â*y in<l«iry m it, which to them knowing*» t,,,y did all that was hid behind it, ahowed a P°wSr i dissimulation that for the moment'vas ali°osk disconcerting. Nor were her first words calculated to better tbe impression she had mad» " You have sent for me ?" said she, with a glance at the doctor which completely ignored the detec- tive. " May I oak what I oan do for you ?" Then as the doctor hesitated in his agitation, ndded politely, "It is 8 o'clock and my daughter is almost ready. 1 hope theso few minutes of delay have aot inconvenienced you ?" I " Your daughter ?" gasped Dr. Cameron. " She is here ?" While Mr. Gryce, in no wise disturbed by tho coldness with which his presence had been received, took up a silver paper-weight from off- a table near by and began to weigh it in his hand while his lips moved with what might be called the ghost of a whistle. " My daughter is hore, of course, sir," declared the mother in tones that were almost icy in their pride and indignation. " Where else should she be on her wedding night ?" And she cast a furious glance at tho detective which that person wa3, of course, too much absorbed to meet. " Hero !" again repeated the physician, absolutely dumbfounded at her audacity. " I beg pardon, but I thought-" " Her smooth smile stopped him. " Shall I inform my child that her bridegroom is ready?" she asked, with a polite but doubtful glance at the overcoat he still wore. Dr. Cameron stared, felt himself inadequate to grapple with the situation and glanced at Mr Gryce, who softly laid his paper-weight down and advanced. " Madam," said the latter, " excuse mo, but moments are of inestimable value just now, and I must go straight to facts. Your daughter--" But this woman was not one to brook inter- ference. " I don't know you, sir," she affirmed, and turned again to the doctor. "When my daughter's toilet is quite complete you will receive a summons from her maid. Would you like any assistance yourself?" This roused Di. Cameron. Advancing, he took the lady's hand and respectfully bowed over it. ''Mrs. Gretorex," said ho, "you ignore the man you have employed, but you will not ignore me. If your daughter is in this house she must have returned here in the last few minutes. In that case--" But here ho was again interrupted. " You mistake. My daughter-concerning whose movements you seem to have formed the most un i accountable conclusions-has been in this house i since noon. She came back with a cousin of hers i from Montclair, just as we were beginning to feel 3 anxious abaufc her. Her present delay is owing 1*) . an entirely different source. Some trouble abouti i her veil, I believe." ' / ¡ For the second time the doctor showed isi*** astonishment. " Mrs. Gretorex, do you sp*'; ' truth?" he asked, "Miss Gretorex here f^'. t noon, when I myself saw her at the C-?.^"a . t JJ j our hour ago ? You are deceiving me, and*"!." v j intended son-in-law, will not endure it . . pity your daughter from the bottom'^ "v ', TI. . .. , ^.hii Bhown a l cannot marry her, for her condi"» °Tfuiei L duplicity to which this tardy ret^f engagement only gives an empli*0^ It was now Mrs. iuction ( Estimates given for all kinds Bookworl bulated Statements, &c;, Le. _ . .y 3 /-gram ?" , . j No, madam." I I sent you one as soon as my daughter cam a ;k. Her explanations were entirely satisfactory, .i there is no reason why any of us should think the matter again. Yet you have talked in the >y quarter where I desired you to be silent, and t consequence is, that my daughter's happiness ihreatened and her character impeached. It is airreparable injury which I shall never forgive." Ü leaving Mr. Gryce to digest these pleasing v-ds, she turned again to Dr. Cameron. Sir," said she, " I do not know what excuse you ci have for asserting that you have seen my dighter within an hour. I only know that the fa is impossible, for Geneviève has not keen out olhe house since her return at the time I men tiied, as a dozen witnesses at least can prove to ya As to the duplicity of which you complain, it anunts simply to this, that she felt her health ging way under the constant strain of our nuerous preparations, and in a sudden freak, whh she now deplores, as sincerely as myself, Bta.ed off to Montclair without telling any one of herntention, thinking that the complete rest thus obtined would benefit her, as it has ; for never has she joked more blooming or more fitted to be your wife,han at this very moment when you hesitate to acept her." Fe answer the doctor walked up to the de tectie. "(auld we have been mistaken?" ho asked. " Wa it indeed another woman ?' .. I will tell you in two minutes," was the hasty answjr j and quitting them with small ceremony, Mr. 3ryce passed out of the room. TÜO doctor made no effort to apologize or answer j Mn. Gretorex till he carne back. His whole fut ire destiny was trembling in the balance, and it was as much as he could do to retain his composure. Happily the ti.ne of waiting was short. Mr. Gryce rejoined them almost immediately, and bowing low to the lady of the house, said in Dr. Cameron's ear, " Another case of mistaken identity. Mrs. Gretorex is correct in all her assertions. You have made a fool of mo and I show my chagrin by simply depai t- j The doctor attempted rjo reply. He was beside himself with joy. Whatythe whole dreadful busi- ness of the last four boue a farce ? His marriage assured, his/bride untaifted, no Molesworth in her past, no possible jealousy in their future ? He almost dropped on his iknees to Mrs. Gretorex, in his contrition j attempted explanations and paused thinking them too inadequate, laughed, asked questions about his bride's beauty and betrayed impatience to see hers in short, acted like any man suddenly transported from unhappiness to rapture. The mother understanding him better than he thought, perhaps, only smiled, and pointing to his black necktie, askfld if he had a white one in his pocket. His face grew suddenly long, and he flushed with > intenso mortification. «I have not come quite prepared for so grand a ceremony," he stammered. "If the guests will wait a little longer till I send for my coat and < tie-" i ' "They must," declared Mrs. Gretorex, calling a (errant at once and giring him one or two orders. ? "It will not take^ thananother ^lf-hour^ I the band can keep tht^ patîent fc;a then." / I "TQII them I was detains by an accident/»tno elevated road. Ae I". w»*>" ^b» merrily Added. ] " Keep them in good nature, and give me aglimPsr of my J**»«." , «Yo« impatient lover!" was all the ' llG ""eher could say- but her look was a r *mBe' and m a few minutes a trim and quiet li oluno trip" pin« to the door and, smiling co« -ttîshlv' Bb°wed him a room at the other end o*-ue hal1, sayinE! " Miss Gretorex is all dre'ed' sir" and wil1 sPeak to yon for a minute if yp* desire it." Ho did not linger 'a instant. Something-was it love, or only that old pride of his restored to its full life ?-burnfd in his breast and made his short walk down the hall a remembrance of delight to him. Her door iust ajar was like a beacon of hope, and when he saw it open wider and caught the one Bhort glimpse she allowed him of her tall and ele- gant figure in its shimmering robes and misty veil, he felt his pulses beat as never before, and scarcely needed the charming smile she gave him to com- plete a happiness which at that moment was supreme. " I have kept you waiting," she murmured ; and ho found no answer for looking at her eyes, that, seen thus through her veil, possessed a beauty and a glee which made her absolutely beautiful. " I am all ready now," she cried, " but mamma Bays that you aro not. Naughty man, to go careering down town to lo»k after some patient or other when you should have been thinking only of mo.' He laughed, feeling himself to he another being" and she another being from the man and woman of a week ago. Then he looked at her again, and uttered some tender compliment, which masher blush deliciously, and then in answer to a n« of her hand, that seemed to say: "Enongli" was about to withdraw when he saw her eye««nddenly dilate and a look of such shock mdtur/ioaB her face that ho involuntarily turned audited down the hall behind him for its cswfr/There was nothing there, absolutely nothiu?; fflv tho flgu»¡ of a hairdresser or some such woof* who»in cloak and yeü, stood with her little on her "T waiting to enter; and astonish* tho ease with which his mind lent itself ty*he most startling conjectures, he turned b^/wassuro himself by another look at his brito ifn tho door whlch hnd been swung open boi^f'*hem softly d°*e*> *** he found himself dot* f rom her P»«»"». with a new memory a*»'J?* fear to make discord o£ the notes of ti» "J4*"^ maroh he was soon to 1 hear. / -. V -A STALING INTERRUPTION. Th r «to1*** mansion was eminently adapted « .. -. rtAering. Built since the introduction foralaijf»»" . ,..,,.. . . , f fVi ad^ ^y'08'"> nui* intricacies and surprises jut/ai'but it had also many and various ^¿pacious proportions opening into hallways ^«nd upon staircases so ample, that had the lrfibec, of guests reached the full thousand that ¿¿Seen invited, there would have been sufficient '¿^«jmmodation for all. So numerous, indeed, were tia rooms on the first floor and so admirably were ney disposed, it had not been found necessary to ask the guests to ascend the stairs at all. Thus it was that Dr. Cameron had met friends on the landings, but none on the floor above, and thus it was that upon his return to the room which had been allotted him, he could pace its length fcr twenty minutes without an interruption. And a friend's face, a jovial word, would have been so welcome ! For he did not want to think, and was impatient at the solitude which forced him to do 60\. When the die has been cast, when our future is decided upon, we wish to reach the culmination without delay, and Dr. Cameron, weary with many and varied emotions, only longed for the moment when amid music and bustle, the flash of lights and the murmur of voices, ho should lead his young bride into the presenco that would irrevocably seal their fate. For in these long and heavy minutes of waiting he had something besides his thoughts to contend with ; he had impressions, a conscious- ness almost amounting to an intuition, that some- thing strange, something dark, something entirely out of harmony with this scene of light and joy, was taking place near him-in his sight if he could but see, in his hearing if he could but hear ; at all events near him, awesomely near, as near as that closed door towards which he cast hurried and shrinking glances every time a turn in his walk brought him within view of it. That he had no reason, or at the most the slightest reason, for this sensation did not make it any less vivid or powerful. Right or wrong it had got a strong hold upon him, and swayed him BO completely that if the door I have spoken of had opened at one of the moments his eye was upon it and revealed a grizzly skeleton standing on its threshold, he would not have felt the shock as much as he did the ringing bursts of melody that now and then soared up from the violins below. Yet in his heart he knew that he was but the fool of his imagination, and nothing more serious than the rearranging of a lock of hair or the buttoning on of a refractory pair of gloves by the common- place hand of the woman he had seen enter there, could be going on in this room his fancy peopled with shapes of fear and despair. For he was a man of common sense, and knew the fashionable world well, and was, moreover, quite aware as a physician how far a man's imagin- ation can carry him when his nerves have been unstrung by a series of such potent sensations as had visited him in the last four hours. Let that door once open and the bride step forth, and all would be hope and cheer again. He knew it even while he was shuddering over the conviction that it had opened, and a hand been thrust out in a gesture of silent appeal, and as quickly again with- drawn. I The coming of the servant with the articles necessary to complete his toilet was like cold water dashed upon a man heated with fever. It righted him immediately. As he tied his necktie and fastened his gloves he felt himself to be no more a ireamer of nightmares, but Dr. Cameron, known throughout all the city for his practical common sense and sound judgment. He even laughed in liis old, easy fashion as he peered down the hall and saw the servant who had waited upon him walk up and knock with the utmost assurance on the door he had been so long and fearfully watching. Nor did he feel himself to have been any the less a fool when in a moment later he beheld it open, and caught a glimpse of his bride's white veil and sweeping train as she gave her answer to the man and then waited with the door half shut for the summons to descend. As he had promised himself it would be, all was cheer and hope again ; nor in the buBtle of preparation that presently followed did he become conscious of a thought out of harmony with the scene till, suddenly, as he was half way down the stairs, he felt his bride lean a little heavily on his arm, and turning to look at her, perceived, not a-woman, not an automaton even, but a spectre, whose glassy eyes fixed upon vacancy, froze the blood in his veins. What did it mean ? Was she mad or was she . Ho did not stop to finish big thought; he clutcllcd her by the aro an« gon0y b^ ^^ sp'oW h» "ame- A 8hi<er 8j»emed to go through her, 'nen 8be tnrncd l»«heaÄnd 8,owlj, fa^ u^ier his gaze her Ups tooM'on thß ^^^ of a smile so forced, BO m¡¡aw«^eS9j that he stopped her where she was, and, Afo^ ^ fcho 8Urging sea of faceB below, exclaiM^. "They arc waiting fo*"s. the minister has his book open, and your vmxaba aro already standing on each side of hiinjf but jf you do not wish to marry me, if there isfgny impediment in the way, or if you feel I cann#t be to you the husband yon desire, say so and v£e will turn back. No moment ? ia too late before tftc minister has uttered the final words." / But her eyes^hich had opened fearfully as he , began to speaji, closed softly as he finished, and murmuring coldly, "letus proceed,"she stopped . down another stair. He followed her and spoke again. " I cannot go on, Geneviève," he persisted, " till yon assure me of one thing. Is your heart mino ? Stands there no other man between na whose memory makes this moment frightful to you ? I£ " there is-" " There is not," came from her lips, now showing . less pallid under this questioning. " I am ill, fear- fully ill i that is all." He loólred at her. He had known sickness which. ? had changed a person's whole aspect in less time th»n had passed since he saw her blooming and brilliant a half hour before. And such might have - attacked her, he could not toll. " Are you too ill to go on ?" he asked. " No." " You can bear the effort and excitement ?" " I can bear anything." His fcot moved towards the edge of the step oa which he stood. " Geneviève ?" He had stopped again. " Yes," she murmured, wearily. " Do you love me ?" Her form, which up to that moment had held ' itself erect by the mere force of a will exerted to the utmost, suddenly yielded and expressed, in every curve, a feminine softness. " With all my hsart," she murmured. " Then," Baid ho, " I am content." And hie - foot passed over the edge of the step. (To be continued.) 