THE BIOGRAPHER. A .MODERN SEERESS. No. II. Human credulity dies bard, Evon in tbis ago of the searching electric light the capacity of many people for superstitious bolief is almost as great as that of the old Highland women, whoso only illuminant was an oil crusie. The sarroillanco of modern science has only inclined them to make their bogies a little less crude, and the expression of their bolief a little more guardedly hypocritical Tbe fine, old, full- flavored conviction that there was snch a thing S3 an honest ghost is not now passible, bat one may still believe in some kind of a psychical phenomenon," and swear to it, if need be, under the scientific safeguard of the Psychical Society. Thon, again, the witch-and-broDm- stick business has long ago become incredible nonsense, and yet wo related in our previous article that Madame Blavatsky had found some very wise men in the East who were quite ready to believe that letters, saucers, cigarettes and such like trifles could be transported " through the air " from one part of India to another. Men are befooled by phrases. In stead of a broomstick, 6peak sagely about "a magnetic occult current ; " instead of a poor old witch in a sugar-loaf hat, figure out a Mahatma in flowing robe and fez ; set this wretched puppet in a scientific atmosphere of sweetness and light, and there is the basis for a m-dern marvel Contrive any incredible hum bug yon please ; make it appear, as Madame Blavatsky did, that a portrait can be "precipi tated " in Simla while the sitter is in Thibet, or transport a piece of plaster 800 miles "in the wink of an eye," and yon will get Mr. Sinnett, or some other able editor, gravely to publish the solemn nonsense. Stick to your audacious trickery, and the dollars and disciples will come in until, and even alter, the dodge has been found ont. Still, it is the misforlnne of this higher kind of conjuring that it requires confederates. Oar Seeress had quite a number of clever people who palled her strings and manipulated her Mabatmas. Not the least important of these, although, as it happened, the least reliable, was a certain Madame Coulomb. Now, although the Seeress and this lady were old friends, they came to disagree about this " occult" business. Among other' things, there was some little trouble about money. The result was that Madame Coulomb aud her husband were turned out of a snug situation as custodions to the thoosophi- cal headquarters in Adyar. Mast people would have hidden the ehamc of being confederates in a game of imposture, but Madame Coulomb was not to be baulked of her revenge. Sho denouueed Madame Blavatsky in the columns Of the Christian College Magazine, and indi cated the contrivances by which the occult mysteries had been obtained. Further, she published n pamphlet under the title of " Some Accouut of My Intercourse with Madame Blayatsky," in which the whole unvarnished story is pat before the public. From this narrative it appears that, 60 long ago as 1872, the Seeress had been practising her gifts in Cairo as a Russian Spiritualist. While there, Madame Coulomb had called upon her to receive tidings from an only brother whom she had recently lost by death. Tbe Scene which Madamo Coulomb witnessed upon that occasion throws a sinister light upon subse quent "occult" phenomena. She writes — "Instead of finding the kind spirits there to answer my questions, Ifound aroom full of people, all alire, aud using most oflensiro language to wards the founder of the society (Madame B.), saying that sho had taken their money and left them only with this — pointing at the space between the wall and tho cloth, whero several pieces of twine wero still hanging, which had served io pull through the ceiling a long glove stuffed with cotton, which was to represent the materialised head and arms of some spirit. I went away, leaving tho crowd as red as fire, and ready to kuock her down when she came back." Now, we might reasonably have expected that such an experience, if it did not daunt Madam Blavatsky, would at least have dis gusted Madams Coulomb. Yet it would seem to be the supreme quality of this clever Russian lady that sho is able to suppress tho will power of most persons who come within her spell. This Madame Coulomb is a case in point. Sho renewed her acqnaintance with the Seeress in India, and helped her " io make fun " of Mr. Sinnett, General Morgan, and the other credu lous theosophists. Doubtless, this French lady, who was poor, may have been swayed by- self interest, but throughout her story, which has a truthful ring, there runs a clear tendoncy to resist the over mastering will of her em ployer. Unquestionably, her own, and the position ol her husband, us wire pullers to the Seeress, .was of tho most humiliating sort. Here are the bind of tricks they were sot to con trive, Madame Conlomb was told " to make a head of human sizo and place it upon that divan, and merely pat a sheet round it ; it will have a magic effect by moonlight." When this was doue, filadame Blavatsky gave it a finish, ing touch with her painting brush. Then, for this magic head of a Mahatma, a bust was mado by means of a stuffed jacket, the arms coming only to the elbows. This poor contrivauco was made to do service at tho theosophical head quarters ns the beloved master— Koot Hoomi Lai Sing. Upon one occasion Mr. Sinnett, tho antlior of the Occult IT orltl, was staying there. The opportunity was not to be lost. "Do yon think." said the Seeress to Madamo Coulomb, " that it would bo possible for your husband to go quiolly in the night, and through thp win dow closo to his bed, pass a letter, and go away, or even show himself at a distance. Mr. Sinnett would never daro to more if I tell liim . not." Mr. Conlomb refused to do this ; but a few days after, bo, along with Baboula (Madame Bla vatsky 's servant), took the Coot. Hoomi doll wrapped up in a shawl, and revealed it myste riously upon tho terrace at a distance— to the " occult' edification of Mr. Sinnett. The shrewdness of our seeress may be gathered from tho carefulness with which she nursed tho infant faith of tbis worthy gentle man. That her labor was not in vain may be J soon in tho pages of tho Occult World, whero all this silly trickery is worked up by him into "occult" science, and also in his Esoteric Buddhism tbe mystic communications of Coot Hoomi are woven into a transccndontal creed, which is to convert iutclligont Christendom. Whon wo know that this Coot Hoomi was only a wooden doll, it is sadly nmnBing to find Mr. Sinnott dedicating his book in these words : — " To the Mahatma Coot Hoomi, whose gracions friendship has given the present writer his title to claim the attention of the European world, tbis little volume, with permission songht and obtained, is affectionately dedi cated." How was this carions friendship carried on ? Mr. Sinnett had never spoken to the Master, bnt here is how the letters arrived through tho " astral" post offico from Thibet, at least this ie how tbo little device is explained by Madame Conlomb i — A cloverly contrived trap was fixed in the floor of the garret above Mr. Sin- net's room. The ceiling of this room was boarded, hut between the boards there was a slit sufficiently wido to permit a thick letter to slip through easily. To this trap a string was attached which ran along the garret, passed through a hole and' hung behind the door and curtain of Madame Blavatsky's bedroom, Thus, by pulling the string the trap was lifted, the letter released, and carriod down by its own weight through the slit in tho ceiling, fluttered into the room below. Now, let us see how this "occult" arrangement worked. Upon page 120 of the Occult World Mr. Sinnett says:— "I was sitting talking to Madamo B. in the room that had been allotted to me. We wero sitting at different sides of a large square table in tho middle of the room, and tho full daylight was shining. There wa3 no one else in the room. Suddenly, down upon the table before me, but to my right hand, Madame B. being to my left, there fell a thick letter. It fell 'out of nothing,' so to speak, but it was materialised or reintegrated in tho air before my eyes. It was Koot Homi's ex pected reply," &c.; Who pulled the string ? It may have been M. Coulomb, or again it 'may havo been madnme's servant, Baboula, who had at one time been in the service of a French conjnror. He was tho " abnormally atupid coolie" who brought back the empty bottles at the famous Simla picnic party when madame renewed the supply of water out of her sleeve, and very probably ho knew something about the creation of the cup and saucer npon the same occasion. This trap and string arrangement, since it required tho use ol a ladder each time, was found to bo troublesome. The Seeress, bow- ever, soon contrived a permanent apparatus, at once more mystical and convenient. This was the famous Shrine to which wo referred in the previous article. Tho plan of this occult con- trivance was drawn out by Madame B,, assisted by M, Coulomb. It was constructed of cedar wood, black lacked, and it took 18 days to make. Now, it must be particularly noted that this cupboard, or Shrine, had three sliding panels at the back | tho middle pannel was cat in two ; and to the top half was nailed a piece of leather by which it could be lifted easily. "This done, "says Madame Coulomb, "it was placed agniust the wall (of tho occult room), the panel was pulled up, and the measure of the hole into the wall was taken. A few knocks with a hammer and chisel mado a small breach t quite sufficient to permit an arm to pass." This holo in the wall communicated with another sliding panel fitted into n glass Almiroh. This piece of furniture stood in madame's diningroom, so that there was a direct opening carefully concealed between that room and tho interior of the Shrine. This little apparatus having been satisfac torily arranged, let us see what duty it was made to perform. Take, as an instance, the miraculously, restored saucer or pin tray, described in the previous article, aud, as a pre liminary, note the three following extracts from madamo's letters to the Coulombs. They will give a curious glimpse into the subtle and audacious mind of tho Seeress. Sho writes— " This is what I think yon might have. Try, if you think it is going to be a success, to have a larger audienco than onr domestic imbeciles only. It is woll worth tho trouble, for tho Adyar saucer might become historical, liko tho Simla cup. . . , Provided the thing takes place in the presenco of respectable persons besides our own familiar miiffs. I beg you to do it tbo first opportunity. . . . This is the moment for us to come out ; do not let us hido ourselves. Tho Goneral (Morgan) is leaving tbis for Madras on business. Ho is President of the Society here, and wishes to see the Shrine. It is certain that he expects a phenomenon, for lio told me so. In tho first case, beg II. H., whom you see every day, or Christofolo (the 'occult' slang name for the doll), to keep up tho honor of tho familv. Tell him that a flower will bo sufficient, and if the pot breaks under its load of curiosity, it wonld be well to replaco it at once. The others be damned j this is worth its weight in gold. For the love of God— or any one yon please— do not miss this opportunity, for we shall never havo another. 1 am not there, aud that is the beauty of the thing. I rely on you, and beg you not to disappoint me." Sho was not disappointed. The little trick, as wo saw in tho previous article, came off beautifully, aud poor General Morgan was com pletely bamboozled. Tho china saucer duly fell out of the Shrine and was smashed, tho broken pieces wero tied up in a cloth and put back into tho Slirino ; thonce extracted by tho sliding panel behind ; a duplicate saucer inserted in place of the broken oue, nud that is how tho Mahatma healed the Faucer. Yet General Morgan certified tho " occult " marvel, and the roulity of tho Unseen Brothers was still moro strongly established. Enough has hero been said regarding the revelations of Madame Coulomb to shovAvliat wero some of tho » occult " methods adopted by the Seeress. It can easily bo conceived that her narrntivo, as published, produced a con siderable flatter auiong tho "muffs" and "domestic imbeciles" aforesaid, not to men tion the highly rospcctable native and Euro pean gentleman who had fallen victims to tho Mahatma dovices. They, of course, denied the possibility of fraud, and contended that tbo "revelations" and all tho proofs put forward were merely malicious attempts to blacken tho fair fatno of that solf-denying theosophical enthusiast, Madamo Blavatsky. Tho Seeress herself wrofo from Paris in great distress. " Oh, Madamo Coulomb," she said, "what, then, havo I doao to you, that you should try to ruin me in this way ? Is it becauso for four years wo lived togethor, help ing each other to meet the trials of life, aud because I havo left everything in tho house in your hands, saying to you continually, ' Take what money yon need,' that you soek to ruin me for lifo in the minds of those who, whon thoy turn thoir back on mo wi.l turn thoir back on you first?" . . « Remember that if I was 20,000 times exposed, detected and convicted of imposture, like the mediums, all that would indeed be nothing to the cause, to truth." Whon Herr Paulus made his confossion be fore the conference of spiritualists, when ha proclaimed himself a fraud, did they believe him? Not in tho least. "Mr. Cyrus Brudenel" could not admit the possibility of imposture. "My friends," ho said, "1 am certain that thore is now no doubt in any of onr hearts. Tho true Paul has gono from ns — for a time only, we hope — let the shell, tho shell " (thoy all felt an infinite contempt for the shell) " depart in peace. But as the result of the teachings and the manifestations of our Paul, we stand — wo stand, I say — upon the Solid Rock." To some of the readers of Mr. Besant's novel, this self-deceiving credulity may have appeared overdone. It seems improbable that educated men wonld permit themselves to bo so easily cheated, it seoms altogether impossible that thoy would believe in the cheat after its ex posure. Yet tho evidenco of this credulity is oxtant in the Coulomh-Blavatsky correspond ence. Hero is what Madame Blavatsky writes to Madame Conlomb apropos of the revelations i — "Do you knowj what ha (Colonel Olcott) said respecting the letters (exposing the fraud) from which ,1 have copied exlracts? — 'If Madame Coulomb — who has undeniably helped you in some phenomenon, for she told this to mo herself — wore to proclaim it on the top of tho roof, it would change nothing in my know ledge. l'or if even you yourself i cere to tell me that the Mahalmas do not exist, and that you have tricked in every phenomenon produced by you, I would answer you that xou lib, for we know the Mahatmas, and know that you could not — no more than fly on the moou — have produced certain of your best phe nomena.' " Well might the Seeress exclaim trium- phantly to her cxposcr, " See there !" — James HEKDBvinthe Weekly Chronicle. 