xiieicvev. Kceplny Up Appearances, ! There' is no more reprehensible fault | limn tjiut of keeping up deceptive appear ances, especially arnoni; young men who are commencing to battle with the world. That is just the time of life when, if they are dependent upon their own exertions, they will either make or mar their future. We have in view several cases that may servo as a warning to others, in whose interests wo refer to them, assuring our readers that the personages have an actual existence and that the events re lated have actually transpired. ma The first was a case of a youth who had been petted and pampered by an over- indulgent mother. . Iio received the too common college education which re sulted in his having acquired iio know ledge of any kind, save on the subject of dress. In this respect ho thought ho was an adept. Without any knowlede of busi ness he made his start in life with a good firm. Here he had every chance to make a man of himself, to . acquire useful and valuable business habits and. knowledge, awl to work his way up in the world. The' drawback to his success consisted in his great admiratioirfor himself and for the oneor more girls wliomho condescended to patronise. Part of his ofllce hours would be occupied in corresponding with them, and another part in obtaining the much needed rest of which he deprived'himself at night, for this youth was a man about town, a habitue of leading hotels and a lounger at tho bars. Of course sitoh habits could not conform to those re quired by a boy in business. Ho lived in a fashionable boarding house at the ex pense of his parents, so his little salary was his pocket money. But'it can be roudily imagined that this did not suffice for such a spark, and ho was soon in the habit of borrowing from his fellow clerks. His Want of sleep by night made him stupid by day, and of course he, officially, proved a failure. His memory was like a sievo and ho, was practically usoless. Finally he associated with sports, and then tho downfall was more rapid. Ho remained away from his office for a week or two without permission, and* as a natural sequence he remained away for ever. Noif what will become of this youth 1 In his'case a good administration of tho birch would be advantageous.^ His parents arc also to blame for'permitting liim to grew up in such a fashion that an impecunious youth will start out in life by apeing a man and a millionaire. His end is not difficult to foretell—dissipation, de bauchery and doatli. ... In tho second case wo refer to, the being has passed boyhood and should have acquired ruiiso. If anything his case is the more hopeless of tho two. Imagine a mail on a fair salary, living alone andi with no family ties. . Yet ho can hardly be called a man as men are considered. Iio is imbued with more of tho elements of womanhood, finicky,1 namby-pamby, _a sort of dancing jackass—this at least is : how he is regarded by men who" are men. His solo aim in life is to be a leader in society, tin; chef limong the boil-ton.Ho lias no male friends, but is always to be found in the boudoir or, iii the drawing room. Ho is a iiist-iiight< v ■ at., tho theatres, a leader in.tho.gorm(y,i, an usher at fashionable wedcisigs, in iact a dudo among .dudes. Now can any ■ man with a spark of manly fouling puss such an ex istence?' No association worthy ot the: niiino with his fellows, who- rather shun and &hebr; at his ways, ho wraps himseli: up in liis self-conceit and tlie eve'r-oxist ing consciousness of a toointonso admira-, tion on the" part of the fair . sox. for his beauteous iiguro and shape,his moustache, the touch of his hand, and. his elegance m daiiee. Oh, horrors! How.such, an ex istence is to be shunned, i We can ini-, urVjne this'beiug as the recipient ot choice bouquols and scented notos,a spotless inor • tal too good forthis sphere and who should 3i>;tr to ' higher l'l^nluis soiitucl nofii thy ■throne,of God!/ Whfttlm'b'uyiM anil reconun^ndatunia ciin.Uo, is dilli 'cult, to imagined'1 'The wear and tear or late" hours and, dissipation , must toll in timo. ' 'The necessary expeiweB'iiVcbmieu tion with intimate association among load ing^soca'ty must amount.tO aJargof share ofa' moderate income,, and.leave but little for the necessiivics of-lifu. AiCavoful o\ti .ployor.would dp.well to keep,.iV.wat-•litut oyp upon Htich ii otu-j jmuI cxninino his m; counts'\yith pertinacious ivgularity. 1; or ourselves we would not keep hi'ii r live ;niihutosi for the association of s^vflll.doui must; heeds bo c6stly, and1 110 man of ,'moderato means has tho right,to niijiglo with, the rich. Ho cannot afford to do as, tlioy Uo, and is but'a base imitation of tho richer m'otal, and a veritablo snob. , A SKAncmin after irulii wnata to icn.,w " '.iliy :t IB, with; so iriany begroM'dying, nubody mor sees a black ghost?11, ' • "i ; Hb : " My darling; I really boliovo my rlieuma the weatliei' 1b going to vh*ugo ' Xx Irishman*hearing of. a fiioiid who. bad a; Bioiio coiHii miido for himself, Bald.-,, ,,. ... Vnitb, that's,good.-. Sure an' a .stono.colUu, 'ud lait a:man allMim"." ' ,'v JfooTiJon bis ffetwrri from ii 'visit' to Ireland,' wasasked If.lie taadsaoen .O'irk. "No,. 110 re p'llodp" hut whon 1 wuh in Dublin.I miwia/grea* .w'auy drawings of it,." • ? " j-In;'«« But'ain't you afraid your parents will.ba 'aiutrv if we get married ? '• tbII'.'j I '*3 <• " "Siii;, •."•No,"they won't-eare.' ^Miyi tlioy are ihftrrlpd;t90.''y . ^jJ rL /,." Suroi'I'mllialrlioJan imniensi estate under m/ father's will.' ■ When Iio ordered mj «Wf«» »'<> «<•* to divide tho house with me, by bt, lWuk, I™ /did it t—for lie tulc tho insido himself and gave nw tho outside." I Col'bin' : " I must say, Kmma.'thSt yoii'vo gi'owrt quite': handsome. ; , l'lierivnow, coji 6 you nive tiiu a ciniipliinent in return',? ~ ' ' !■ •• 'Ills OotJHis: Well, I should say that you arc [ a geritlcriian of oxcell'int tustp." j 0 i itt I At tub thoatro/ Miss;Barlowo (who i« -spmo.[ I Wliat'stiort.Blglitod) tminima, lnolc at that boautiful white bainiot' in tho; fiont rowveuutre : " Sli-li, child. That is old M.r.iWai^ ion's ba'.d head." ' YoVis'o Mil. : Siflsv.fto hiti protty crinsin): "I aay, Jfawd, how'did my song'* Jlcme Again from n li'omi'ii Short!,' sewn to impress Ui'i ci.iiiiiiuij . sL'l'i»Brr.v-CmwiX : ,aoni(?of tliym, Clmrloy, looked as':if-itlwy were sorry.'that we ever, eanw ' ^ \ ' ;'' A i.ahy graduate-, being out in the country, wont into tho,Htablu of. a farmhousii...;;, , , . ■ "' „•! Doari Jn?,,. how ; close ; tho poor cows • are 'crowde'd tigcliieiV.V,®'.1'1 rotnarlied. ", ... ''V">s, iiHtni|*bnt ivo liave to do iliat. - '■ ! ' " Wliy'soV"' • 1 " r " So tlioy, will give coiulensod milk. ,. »■••.,: '{'•"0 U:.'- ■! I A ( 1 'f— -p : :'"i • < "Bnowx S " I fiay/Kunilayi ItiibiriRbivhas throat ened that tho tlrst limo he meets you ho ^proposes to knock soiuo horse-sense into you. \ou want to look out for him." • ; _ • . Orui.iiV /eo.'itt'iiiptuoufly): P.'.oh 1 it woulu take a dozoa meii like Kyliiuauii to knock any iinrsc-ienro i«to iuo." 