Footlight Flashes. (Bt THB ' SPECTRE.'); tf0tr that everyone has deserted Sydney l(the mow enticing haunts of Flemincrton, . jtow season in town is particularly -11 and I reofrefc tbat more exciting stterB have not fallen to my lot to record is week. I have, during my long ex igence as a profeenional spectre, haunted sny a show, bnt I have ra'rely, if ever, (tt anything more ghastly than the only mtlt? whioh the week has produced in TTnw Mr. ftnfl UTtq. TTor. jg Merrivale could stimulate them 1«8 up to the point requisite to -writing uh a piece as The Butler, and howMes&rs.; tough and Bmtoult could bringf thorn Ires to produce it, passes my comprfi' nsion. Of course tho fast that ifc was jjed for over 200 nighta by Toole in melon may have had something to do ith it, but it should always be remem ired that a London success does not: in- risbly mean a colonial ? success, and/ astralian audiences of ten ? show a dii-. inrination which id quite foreign to easy ine London playgoers. , ? . ? ? Of course there is a 'butler in the piece ; Jecd, it may be said that the whole ingis nothing but butler, and aronnd ia exaggerated and impossible man rvsnt the whole action of tho play volres.like a merry go-rouud which is arly ran down. Then there is a parvenu 3yor and his good lady, both of whom e rather puzzled to know how to main in their position ; and there is also a osnmptive lord, a buxom cook, and veral younger people of both sexes, who end most of the time proposing to ople whom their parents don't want em to have. An atmosphere of mis led love and stolen kisses noivades the role piece, and every scene is as full of re-making as . a holiday picnic down tho rboar. Kisses resound on all sides, and len the butler is not embracing the sk, the mayor's son, Lawrence, is kissing ice Marshall ; and when this couple ows tired of the amusement', Frank St. hn and Lady Ann Babbicombe take a mat tho fun. St. John, by-the-bye, is' individual whose only aim in e is to loaf round with an e - glass- in his eye, arxl to lan idly remark, 'What a strange family 3 ia.' When lie gets wearied of this he nmences spooning with Lady Ann bbicombe,aud the young couple seem to nk that Sir John Traceyix house has :n specially provided as a place of meet ; for them. It is rather difficult to zzle out the plot of The Bv.tlcr, or to derstand -why tho piece h»s been ex lded to three act3, for tho whole of atever interest there is in the plot isea at the end of the second act, when the young couplcB, including the butlei' i the cook, have got engnged against : wishes of their parents. There are too iny proposals, too tnuoh talking and 'e-making in the piece, and too little ion. It is neither a comedy nor a farce, d its only claim to merit is that ifc affords ipe for clever character acting by a man e Mr. G. W. Anson. # ? ? It i3 fashionable to say that if a rce makes the audience laugh that »11 that is required, but then The Butler a piece never raises even the ghost of a ile. all tho amusement being cnu^fd by -. G. W. Anson's' grotesque delineation the title role, and even Mr. Anson was rerely handicapped with the dead weight a play -without any dialogue or action rth speaking of. He is not even a tier, as we know them in common life, t a bumptious, self-assertive, impossible a-servant, whose only mission ia to kiss ; cook in the passage and to administer embrocation instead of sal volatile- to iconsumptivelord. All tho other oharac s are subsidiary to him, and only become leesary when they serve to display the iuliar idiosyncracies of the butler, ider these circumstances' Mr. Anson lerves all the credit whioh can be iped upon him for his gallant efforts to ivent the show from becoming a lament e failure, and the comparatively favour le reception -which tne piece has met th is entirely due to his single-handed arts, for tho only gentleman who might, m the nature of his part, have helped 11 seemed to have no conception of tho aracter hfe was endeavouring to enact. I fan, of course, Mr. A. T. Hilton, who ingled through the ohaTaoter of Sir Jno. acey without showing the slightest ace of any intelligent effort to realise the tention of . the authors. I presume at Mr. and Mrs. Herman Merri le intended Sir Jno. Tracey to be' Minninc* anil nn.1nn1n.firi-T nl/1 villain * p&ble; of the utter baseness of accusing 8 own ward, a young lady brought up in s house and treated as a member of his mily, of actually carrying on a seoret tercourse with the butler, and of con iring to effect their' elopement together, r. Hilton, however, did not -seem to have iy idea of. what the authors meant, for s acting conveyed no definite impression all to the audience. ? ? ? Of the other characters I liked Miss Emma ample, as Alice Marshall, the beBt, for she oked quite too sweetly fresh and innocent, id gave the audience a representation of ijnred innooence which would have been ery effective had Mr. Hilton only provided necessary counter part of villainy, lias Annie Taylor dropped her h.'s very eatly as Lady Tracey, and otherwise lotured. parvenu vulgarity to perfection, nd Miss Bessie Major, as the cook, -was1 it. fair, and forty, and a most entioing wk. Mr. Bobert Inman is a good actor I tne mantelpiece school, and therefore he 'M quite suited as Lawrence Tracey, and h. Charles Brown coughed -whenever it ™ necessary to keep up his reputation as lord. # # wonderful success -whioh the Lights London has aohieved at Her Majesty's ?watre, both on the occasion of its pre tous production and during the last -week, 158 always been a puzzle to me, for I iwer could see what there was either in M piece or the manner of its production ?account for its popularity. It is certainly ' Rood melodrama, but even with Geo. '.W4 and 200 tons of water thrown in, is nothing in the play to justify the «jo.utely maddened craving whioh the ™mo Jave itvte]y) according to the !™gerial notices, shown for its production. .'''Standing the fact that it is only, -' *®?nths.Bince.it ran for ten weoks at « Majesty's, the populace began to ,howl ! again, 'a week or two ago,; and a request was made 'for its revival!' 1 Mter it haid run a . w e ok themanage J -J ' * ! .-menti in deference' to popular feeling, had to , postpone the production of -The Rajah, we^k.-iOfertainly '/'-the: publlo have not backed up tbeif. requests by going inside tEe theatre to any very great extant, bat In spite of this the management must feel very gratified at the moral support whioh has been ten dered them in their efforts to enlighten the people of Sydney. I have heard an ill-natured rumour going around town to the effect that the production of The Rajah' had to be postponed because one of the: leading characters was unable to learn his part, but this rumour, I am assured on the best authority, is quite untrue, as -ic waa solely in deference to popular opinion that the programme was altered. I am looking forward anxiously tothe advent of The Rajah, who is positively to arrive on Saturday next, as the comedy is highly spoken of, and furthermore playgoers will gladly welcome the re-appearance of the ever-charming Kate Bishop as the leading lady in the piece. v ? m That combination of red-shirted miners and stage coaches, fire-arms, and bowie knives, known as The Miner's Daughter is doomed to pass away from the stage of the Boyal at the end of the week, and Miss Carrie Swain's delightful pioture of Mab will soon be a thing of the past, as far as Sydney, at least, is concerned. For the man who loves gore and slaughter, and delights in the indiscriminate dis charge of pistols, I do not know anything better than a good course of Miner's Daughter, and I should recom mend such persons to make the most of the little time yet remaining, and to drop in regularly at the Boyal about 9.45 p.m. There is some slight consolation in the fact that the Miner's Daughter is to be succeeded on -Saturday by Uncle Tom's Cabin, in whioh Mi;s Swain will figure prominently as Tons v. ? ? ? Notwithstanding the competition from the rival show across the Btreet nothing seems' to check the tide of Mr. Frank Smith's success at the Alhambra, and on looking in last night I received unmis takable ? ocular 1 evidence' of th® fact that , the ndw programme 'which form's the feature of Monday night's show-is just as attractive as' ever.'vPovel; ties are always being snapped up, .by Mr. Smith, and amongst the latest which he has laid his hand on is the ' Happy Pair,*' consisting of Maggie Oakes ana Harry Davere, who gives a olever American Bketch called ' The Long and the Short of it,' introducing a trained dog, ' Dick.' * ? * Just across the way from the Alhambra is the' New Haymarket Music Hall, which -has entered into spirited competition with the older-established house, and here the great attraotion is the clever Faust Family, whose white marble statuary is a beautiful piece of artistic posing. Martyn Hagan is also very much present- with a topical political song, ' When I am Made _ M.P.,' and the French clowns with violins aro really clever musicians. There is so much that is good in this show that I cannot at present mention one half of the performers, and I will have to leave the rest for another time. * * * The St. George's Theatre at Newtown §eems to be steadily gaining in public favour, and this would seem to indicate that if a good show iB provided in the suburbs, the local .residents will patronise it rather than make a long journey to town. The legitimate has been abandoned for tho nonce at this house, and on Satur day the St. George's Minstrels took pos session. The company includes Horace Bent, Chas. Holly, Harry Carroll, and many other well-known performera, both male and female. ? ? ? It seems that even in these days of droughts and strikes there are some com panies which can always do well up countr'y, and to judge from the smilingfaces of the memDers of Dan Barry's crowd, who are now in town, they must have had a particularly good time in the Western District, from whence they only 'returned a few days ago. Frank Beverleyis beaming about town like a glorified angel, and Barry himself is full of wonderful yarns about the ' way in which his show was I vnalinA ofc jvtta**** frtum Via Triaifpd. TfVlorA ia no rest, however, for the weary, and thus tho company are off again to- morrow, this time to electrify the people _ in the Northern District, Tamworfch being the first stopping place. George Dean is back in Sydney, having just concluded his . engagement with the Hiscock-Friedman combination, of which he has had the safe conduofc in Victoria. Ho talks of going North if nothing suitable turns up in Sydney. 