Peculiar Legs. r+Muach has been written and said of wo men's indebtedness to art for their com. plexioes, their forms, their hair, and in. numerable other charms, but what of men! Last winter a number of society girls, and even some of the married women of a certain city Were in an excited flutter over a new bean in their set. He was a yonng fellow, well introduced, with apparently plenty of means, and always clad in fioeand fashion able raiment. He was neither bright nor witty, but good-looking, of the mysterious melancholy, swarth-sklnned, dark-eyodtype, and oh my I what a feure he had I He was tall, with superb chest and shoulders, and the most symmetrically moulded limbs imagia" able. He was impressed with his own per. sonal attractions, and managed to convey a similar impression to the females of his ac quaintance. Before the end of the reason Walter Bald. win-such was the enchanter's name- was engaged to old Moneybag's daughter, and her mother gave a grand fancy contume ball in honor of the event. Walter ordered a magnificent Romeo costume, in which his fi8ure would be displayed to the best advan tage, and also a pearl girdle for his oinan?ce, who of course would imlersonite the i.1 fated Juliet. Whes. the night arrived the two lovers were conspicuous peoplein.the large assembly, and Juliet 'the most envicd of her sex. Through the mazes of the dance sheswept with a proud air of passes. sion. Suddenly, while resting in a seclu led corner, she heard a suppr.ssed titter, and then the voice of a lady friend, "See, George, don't Mr. B:ldwin look funny!' Juliet followed their gaze. This creature she had made a sort of hero of was danc'ng with a languorous, easy grace; but, alas ! h a I-ge I Instead of the well-rounded calves being in their proper places, they were re verred, and as the dancer moved in the lancers that particular part of his pl-isique shifted up and down his shank. At last the mouic ceased, ani Walter conducted his partner to a seat in o~e of tie drawing. rooms, where sume twenty people were sit ting and sanding about. Everyoreemiled mockiegly as he seated himself beside her. I s betrothed's brother, a lad of eight tender years, had been allowed to watch the dancers, and stood in the centre of the room .dly gazing around him. Then, all in a moment, his eyes grew large with wonder, a?? his shrill, high-pitched voice fell upon the peaceful, pleasant assembly. "Oa, my I Mr. Baldwin, what peculiar legs you have I" It was a cruel stroke to give a poor devil, espeoa'ly a would-be hero. Walter gave a start and willly glanoud at his lower ex tremit:es. His dark skin torned a ghastly white, and as soen ss possib!e he crept humbly away. Later, when his chest fallen lady had d;r robed, she found a note caught in the meshes of her girlie, wich evidently had been written by the costumier and intended for Waher-_ "I made your chest two irches broader, and your legs proportionately larger. B: sure to adjust the calves with care, as they are new patents." The following morn:ng the boe'rothed Adonis received this message, ine'osed with a few lines from his former tinancre--"C?lton has gone down in the market acd patents are always risky. When Icare to invest in either I will let you know. Until then do not call," "Tile horse is a noble animal, and very useful to man." The above is a quotation from an an ancient legend in a school book that used to engage my attention at a very early age. In my youthful d(lays I lived in a country district, and all the callow youths in the neighborhood used to sport a horse, just the samo,.a in towens, our budding legcla tors or burglars sport a short pipe, and cul tivate an effusion of spittle. I bought a horse from a syndicate consist ing of five shareholders, who had dis. agreed as to who and when each wasto ride him, it being settled by Tommy Pocket wip ing out all the members of the firm one after another-(they were much smaller than he)-and selling tile horse to me at the rate of five shillings a leg, two shillings cash, the balance by time payntents, which, I regret to say, were never paid up, as the horse died within a week, and I squared Tommy with a bag of marbles and a toy pistol. After purchasing what I fondly imagined to be a future Cup winner, I took him home, and, knowing that kindness to dumb ani mals is the way to mtake them fond of you, I stuffed hitm with bran and clhafftill his alslo inen resembled a balloon, and I had serious thoughts of putting a surcingle rounl hism to prevent him going through the roof of the stable. By the time lie he had finished feed ing, a lot of boys came round, and persuaded me to get ont him. This, I may remark, was my first trip-on horseback. I led him out, saddled and bridled, and amidst shouts of "Bravo, Tommy ! Stick to him !" and so forth, with tile aid of a washing-tub turned upside down, I madea spring for the saddle. 1 must have got iup too hurriedly, for when I went to take my seat the horse had shifted. Subsequent examinations of my noble charger's hind-quarters showed that lie had been nmde a pin-ctishion of ; his noble haunches fairly bristling with pins. Assisted by some of the boys, all of whom solemnly swore they never had a pin about tlhem-and it wasn't them--I seated myself firmly in the saddle. A heavy coughi on the part of my charger-- lrolably induced by tite overfeedling Ihad given him-sent me into the family slush bucket, and I was carried inside the house a greasy wreck. I used to loan him out to the boys after that, and lie had a pretty lively time of it. I think it hastened his end, as they used to start on himi about five in the morning, and knock offat twelve at night, without any interval for meals. His end I have men tioned, but not the manner of. it. He had been out for fourteen hoursivithout refresh ments, and the boys had turned himhn loose in the back yar. lie staggered round, sniffing amongst some shavings for all old cabilge stump or two, and, not finding-one, I think it broke his spirit, for he looked round in a heartbroken, injured kind of way, laid down, gave a groan, and threw Up -tile ghost. I have never owned a racing steed since. The knowledge that Itihus acquired of the noble animal has since stood me in good stead, and I have always been an authority on all nmtters connected with the turf amongst my friends, and they relied on tmy racing tips with a steady and unwavering faith that was positively touching, netwith standing that I never even gave them a placed horse, but I used to give them the tip so much after tlle style of tile Herald and Sportlnuss that they were perfecjly satisfied that nothing but a fluke prevented them fromu witunig.. I used to mly 'if "Tamnlour. Major". was meant, he coulll'tlose, but l'd pliit'somethingi on "Tiger Cat" if, he' started.; "Jump ing Frog" is also very dangerous ; and' if" LadySnell,'""Ton Jones,"oi'"TliePar soh" started I should Iback thini for. it'few poaunds." I nanaged to get theni so'anised tup, !y ilming niearly the iwhbolo of the)irsmis insthe race, that 'I colld- easiljy. po'int :but that I tild tLmtlleu t 'inner \oukll sitz it if he .waSeOly e.stlhe jobI anl' hit doing this I waoistfly followiing ini the .footsteps ofthe sporting prpphets. But I have givei even that up now..' ??3, last experieince with the noble: "quadruped was oni Cup day beforelast. Is an unguardle tmomenett I had promised a frisitd to make, iii comlpay with my wife, two of a party of four to drive down to the Cup. I was to 1s the driver, my friend undertaking to hire a horse and double-seated buggy for the occa sion. At the appoisited hour we starteud, and with Imuh secret misgiving I handled the ribbons. "Allswent well for a mtileortwoout -I didnl't see how it could go otherwise, for I only drove at tihe saie rate as a funeral procession. "Touch him tip," suggested smy friend. "Everylesly is lpassintg us." I remarked that cruelty to horses was only the crime of asses. "Oh ! do, for gracious sake, go faster," said tmy wife pettishly. "All the races will be over before we get there." I gave him a gentle flick with the whip, which only caused hits to whisk his tail ablout all illcll, auld lie toxk no mlore notice of mie than if I had been a imember of l'arlia. tment. Another half-mile was negotiated in about fifteen forty, and my frien saing out, " Stop hini, Jellf: me and the inissus will get out and walk. \\\e'll see you later on. 1'11 tell you who wittns the Cup. You'll be there time enttugh to see the last race." I was aboullt to remlark that it was the pace that kills, when Mrs. W., in her impe. tuou'sway-she's often taken like that teizedl the whip, and rained a shower of tio: lent blows on our iimpassive charger. Ioundl we it Ihis caudal appendage like the sails of a vi:dtdmill, and one more thant usually vio lot whirl caught the reins, and his tail shut down ets thent like a rat-trap. 1 tried to pull thems free, tbut Ihe hIeld oni like grits death to the tradlitional nigger ; and you never saw such it chaige ign a hre In yoqr life. lie peharged dliwns the road like one of the nsix'hndred. ' Thie womense reauined ;my frivendl, wsith! the chivalry of it marn wiho hid Ieen married foir live'and twenty yevars, jutped out of the buggy, luhving his wife in my charge-; and I tugged at the reins, vainly striving to lift that iron-bound tail of his. Itwas all over in one act ; right ahead was a heavily-loaded dray looming downl on us. All the people in frosit of me cleared off the track to allow is room for passing, butthere Was no rooni for the dray to clear out, and crash ! spatter i bang 1 and it was all over ! I don't remember anything els for nearly a month, by which time I was being wheeled about the garden in a bath-chair, with the wife attending me. She hadn't been hurt, luckily, and it was two months longer be fore I was able to resume my usual occupa tion. In conclusion, I remark that the horse may be a noble animal, and very useful, etc., etc., but he has never beenof any use to me; and I don't think I shall ever go nearer to his hindquarters than twenty-bive feet, as then only. shall I feel safe from him. 