Table Talk MENTIONED last week that His Majesty King Kalākaua intends visiting Melbourne during the our- joltlio of the Exhibition. I may now add that it is a lire fact that stops are being taken in high quarters iitccu the King to carry out his intention. His iity, I hear, will come if asked by the representa- ol the Queen in Victoria. It would, however, be lito to burden Sir Henry Loch with the heavy ex- expense of entertaining a crowned monarch and his en- torage, notwithstanding that the Victorian Legisla- has voted the Governor a sum of £5,000 for ad- mal expenses during Exhibition year. It was expected that the distinguished visitors to Mel- bourne would include a king, and it is, therefore, for Government to consider whether the visit of the King of Hawaii would not benefit the colony generally, the Exhibition in particular, to warrant another i for vice-regal expenses, as the entertainments in w of the king would have to be on a largo scale. think that King Kalākaua would be a "great draw," no expense should be spared to secure him. * * * Among the entertainments held to celebrate the ning of the Exhibition, I think the most successful the banquiet at Government House on Friday even- In the first place the dinner was one to which llas himself could soarely have taken exception. only was the menu excellent, but the service was ally so. Everythingg was hot and promptly handed and; the quality of each plat bolng , just enough to satify a gourmet, although not a gourmand. But the disentled to any consideration whatever. whereas the judicious and discriminating '"". dines, like a reasonable man, he echoes the M,"l ">mii|(l"vrt i 'ullim on In (ilmunmnuu pluut, niimidunto ut diMluuto Viwm »U»u\t, VIUmoIIO plato, ^ ^'Huounu' mijoiu'ii' hul l' on voul;, 'l mliiuil olmiupHj J!r* tl'lU huvo ohnngud llluin'"h'm" 11 tuil,ll,l7' Thuru wni'o "threw ,C wlmn (,Uiuon Vlotorla oiuno to '»mh1 'll,U l'10^ tlou,',ult-tl maintain lliu trudi ^ < 1,10 l^'Konoy mid oC tho rulfcin of "'Utli, To (jot. drunk, wa« to pay u oontpll" ment to tho lord of the houao, and to the quality of tho wine in hl» cellar, I am not cjulto sure tli^it It was not considered n snored duty ) and many a flno follow wns cnrrled oil by apoplexy, or by some renal or other Internal disorder long boforo he had reached tha age of sixty. Wo have - changed all that. Wo have gained In point of enjoyment, and also in tho matter of health. And tho tono of conversation has improved vory materially at the same time. 1 should be sorry to repeat tho jests and aneodotos 1 have hoard related and llatoned to by gontlemen after the ladles had loft tho tablo, oven when I svaa a boy. Paw of thorn would bear publication. I bollovo It 19 quite true, as tha Laureate sings, that " tho thoughts of men have wldonod with tho proaoss of tho suns," Art, literature, polities and tho drama furnish plenty of thomos for discussion, without falling back upon such mmtus ifrlvuIntra as wore ourront In tho dayn of our fathers, and wo return to tho drawlugroom two ltours earlier than thoy wuro accustomed to do, and perfectly sober Into tho bargain. ft Tiiw two dlunorj svhleli wnro given on Wednesday and Friday Inst week, by Ills Jflxoolleuoy Sir Homy I), Looh, at Oovonnnont llotuo, It Is acknowledged on all sides wuro the bust over served In Melbourne. And so thuy should have boon, considering that tho Qijvornor paid tho CAtoror fifty shllllngti per head, As llioi'u wuro mora than »100 guests present ort tho oc casions tofurrod to, thu dinner bill alono amounts to JM250, utul III wo add to this tho aout of two balls tills wuok, and other expanses connected svlth entertaining a largo ' Mouse party, I do not think thuro will bo muoh left of the Governor's additional lUflOOO salary whloh was votod by Parliament) H4 . , . Tll« bonk speech of thu evonlng at tho banquet In the Exhibition Building on ' Saturday ovaning was that dollvorod by Lord CJarrlugton, In point of matter, perhaps, It was not hotter than that of Sir Henry Looh j but It wan tho rnannur of It whloh plouHod his and I torn. It waH uo hourly and HO earnest, atul spokon In a oloar ruminant) voloo, whloh wan bottur hoard than thuli of any othor of tha spoakuru, It was thoroughly o/l'uotlvo. It) luul evidently boon oarufully prepared and wull oonsldorod, and hid lord ship must havu boon highly urulKlud with thu thiisliktiit whloh aooompaivlod hlit rliilng, and with thu ohuoi'rt whloh followed t.hu oloto of Ills upoooh, Indeed our fcom thu nolyhljoi"ln« uoloiilciH uuiut liuvo bean touched by the spontaneous warmth of tho wel come thoy roooived, and by the applause whloh greeted tiny and every allusion to thorn and to tho dualro of Victorians to inoronae and strengthen tho tlca which bind ua togothor, unci the golden links whloh unite ua with the mother country, m «, * ?It WHS a representative gathering in tho truest aQaao of tho word. There worn the Governors, minis turs and foremost piibllo men of .most of the Australian colonies, the Spoakors, of their Parliaments, consuls, journalists, military and naval offlcori, and loading oltlzons who have helped to build up tho fabric of their material greatness. Tnoro was Sir John Ho^ortson, with his long white board aud longer hair, aa morry'aa a crlokct ( there was tho tall figure of Sir John' liny, whosu head has also boon onolrolnd by nnburo with a arown of sllvor t and thore was Mr, Willlrim ' Wost tfftrth in liis blaok skull cap, who romombdrs Mel bourne In 1810) and looUod round him with an air of wonder, aa if ho were asking hlmjclf, " Is this a dream, or la It a roallty I Does thla palaoo oil Industry, cover Int( upwards of live and thirty noios autually exist, or am 1 naloep? Has tho straggling little village of wnttlo and dab huta, Into whloh 1,11 rut sot foot nearly (lfty years ago, boon transformed Into a grunt metro polis, with suburb) radiating for aovon or flight mlloa in nil dlrootlonH, or hnvo I boon ontlug opium l ' Iflvou younger men and lntor oomora might bo exoiuod for nalctug thuiuaulvus quastions of this sort, « ih * la1 may bo montlouod at an ovklouoo of tho high professional utandlug of the gontlomon who have boon aouboutby tho Gorman Govommunt na its rop.roaonln* tlvoH, that Ilorr Jall'o, the architectural member of tho Oommlaalbn, is tho autlior of thu doslgti whloh luvii boon solootod for tho no.v Wnipuror WlllUmVt bridge, whloh U to bo orootod forth vlth in Horllri, and, fi'om thu atiotch I hnvu anon of tho struoture, with ltd granite puillmontH supporting bronxe plllara aud tvophlUH of tiMwalvo form and ui'tistlu clinnratloH, f Hhould any It will provu a grunt oritatuunt to tho l'ruaalun capital. [ am not imru, by tho way, svliothor It wa» Mr. '/ox or Homebody olno, who remarked that ho wm» very mitoli flurpriood at thu audalu miiiounnoiisi of tho throo (Join mUnlonorti who hnvo arrived hltlior from llorlln, hoonuuo ho had boon ooitlUlonlly umtiU'od thai tholnhnbllnnlu of that olty wui'ii " alwayti on tliu Mproo," Whoovoi1 wnu guilty ol' tho lash ubiii'i'vutlon can only hoptt forpimlon u|)on uIVui'Imk lilii Huluiuit asMunwiuu that hu will nuvuv do It ujjnln, If a German were asked to name the two most in- fluential papers in the Umpire, he would probably select the Norddentache Allgemeine Zeitung and the Kolninche Zeitung. The first of these is a daily paper, which is understood to reflect the private mind of Prince Bismarck, to develop the policy which he wished to follow, and to receive intelligence communicated to it from official sources. It keeps somewhat ahead of the questions of the day, and may be called the educator of the ministerial supporters. It is edited, if I mistake not, by Herr Pinter, and its contributors and critics are men of conspicuous ability. The Cologne Gazette issues two or three editions a day and sells in every part of Germany. It has a circula- tion of between 40,000 and 50,000 copies, and its editor-in-chief is, or was, Herr Schultze, a writer of great ability, who is paid a salary of £2400 a year, a very large income for Germany, while its staff of twelve leader writers, receive each of them £1000 per annum. It is a splendid property, and its income from advertisements alone is estimated at nearly £100,000 a year. But its expenses are very great, and it can afford to secure, and does retain some of the best talent in Germany. Such are the rich and powerful journals which have paid us the compliment of sending out two of their best men to our Centennial Exhibition--Herr Zoellor from the Cologne Gazette, and Dr. Neubaur from the North German Gazette. The Exhibition will, no doubt, benefit the colony of Victoria in many ways, but the show in Carlton Gardens is causing considerable damage to theatrical enterprise in Melbourne just now, and I am sorry to hear that Miss Amy Sherwin is amongst the principal sufferers. The case of "the Australian Nightingale" is indeed a very sad one. After many years of study and travel, Miss Sherwlu saved £5,000, and now all this money at\d a giont den I more has boon swallowed up during a throo months' sonson at the Melbourno Opera House. Matters, were very oritioal as far back as a month ago, but several friends of Miss Shorwin rallied, round her husband, Herr Hugo Gflrliiv and lent him raonoy, enough to carry on business until the opening of the Exhibition, whan it was expected that tho great influx of strangors to Mel bourne would fill tho thoatro nightly. Tho result was, hovyovcr, just tho reverse, na the strangers came to tnjiy thomielvoa at tho balls, banquets, receptions, and tho other numerous Exhibition festivities. On Tuesday last " tho ghost did not walk," whioh, Inter preted from theatrical parlance into plain English, moans that Herr Gorlltv, had to atop paymont. Tnw aoono on tho oooaslon of "no tronsury" at a large thoatro la unlquo, and tho oventa of Inst Tuoaday oortalnly doaorvo moro than a pausing notice. During tho whole morning tho final rehearsal of Dor Xs*roi .ohulK was proootdlog on tho stago, and nono of tho artists cutil numarous employees auspootod, ovan for ono moment, that they wore rohoarslng In vain, aa thoro would bo no performance that ovoulng. At ono o'olouk, howovor, tho tmvsuror wau unablo to face Ills ntimorous creditors, who wora wait- | ing In tho vestibule, and tho unplonuiint nows Imd to bo convoyod to thorn by deputy. A hasty oon- | imitation thou took place, ou tho stave, butwoou tho pi'Inolpal NitislN, and It was agroud to continue for a taw nights under dlfl'uioiit management, If Miss Amy Hhurwlir would mIvo luir Hurvloos gratis, Tho Austria liau Nlghtlugalu immediately agreed to do anything it was In lior power to mirvo Ihono who woro hoi' follow . u Heroic, by tho disastrous ending of tho unfortunate season, it was tluiu suttlud that tho performance should take plane. In I ho evening tlui doom of tho thuatro woro opened j lliu aitltitH woro tl i'uhaIiix I it their rooms | tiio flint noonu was *ot ; tlui dlll'unmt partu of tho house, with tho oxooptlon of tho druHs-olrolo, woro rapidly filling j hiilI tho newspaper orltlcm had arrlvod to Judgo of tho performance, whioh however did not tako plnoe, owing to iho orchestra refusing to play, ii it I oss they ruuulvml arruars of iialary, A scene ol' oon« fusion then took pluuo before and behind tho ointuln, whilst tlio prima donna wiu orylng bitterly iu hor ilitisBlng-room, 1VTma AMY SirrcmVJN is certainly to be pitied. Her Intention throughout has been to act honorably, and abed lustre on Australia as a native avtisto. Misfor tune has overtaken her through bad business manage ment, and other causes over which she had no control. It is to .be hoped that her numerous friends .and admirers will not forsake' her In the hour of adversity. I shall be glad to receive any suggestions frlsnds may have to make. . * * I should like to have been on board the French steamship, L1 Equateur, in latitude 12® and lougl-. tude 80°, on Saturday, the 10th of May last, when a theatrical performance was organised for the benefit of the StwUte Central# tie Snvvctage den Man/rages. The company consisted of Mmes, Jane Hading, R, Letnercler, P. Fatry and Kerwiah } and M, M. Ocquelin, Joan Ooquelln, Duquesno, Borel, Ramy and Daroy, with Mile, de Saulos as planUte. And just think of scenes from two of Molidre's comedies, and the pretty little drama of Jenn Mario being given in mid-ocean, Two of the ladles wore a little unsteady on their legs, owing to a slight rolling of the vessel, «' but," adds M, Goquelin, " I lent them a hand, and I walked and leaped and danced without 1 he slightest /aval pas, The success of the entertainment Was such as 1 shall never forget. It was really the most original and touohlng that I have experienced during the whole of my professional aareer. The reoelpts mounted up to £193, After the performance we all supped j and at midnight, when they were stilldis ousiing this curious evening oa deck, I turned into my berth and slept the sleep of the just, whispering to myself that a kind action is a good thing, whether on land or son." « * * . TitR raagnifloont hospitality of Alderman Benjamin at the Town Hall on last Monday evening wa« referred to by nearly every speaker at the banquet, which brought togothor the most distinguished assemblage that ever graaod the festive board of any Mayor of Melbourne, Alderman Benjamin's banquet was also honoured with the presenae of the Roman Ontholia ATohblshop, Dr. Oarr, and the Angllann Bishop, Dr, Goe, IK * * Thm largo oil painting by Mr, J, W, Durtfc, wbloh tho artist has humorously called Tito First Vlotorlan Land Syndloato, was very muoh admired by tho guests, whom tho Mayor rocolvod in tho Oounoil room, Tho ploturo roprosonts John Batman purchasing from tho native chief Jaga Jagaand his brothers some hun droda of milos of land for a fow blankots, tomahawks, and a fow pounds of tobaooo. Tho primitive surround ings of tho camp, and the different attitudes of thu whlto pioneers and aboriginal blacks form a vury In torostlng group exceedingly woll oxooutod, THM Hon, J, O, Hray, tho Spoalcar of tlia tiagUlatlv o a mualo-lovlng, dlnner- glvlng, onorgoilo, arid warm* hoartod booplo, OmtTH'i'iANiA lmn latoly boon tho soono of a very «ud pollllnil tragedy, of wliloh tho solf-dostroyod victim Is M, Rlohtor, a Norwoj/hn polltlolun, who ontured Into polltloal llfo In 18IJL', when 1m was thirty throu, and ohowod his view# by taking up Mm nuut on tho oxtromo lladioal loft in tho Hoandlnavlun Chamber. 0/1'orn of diplomatic) iiiIihIOIIH and other employment, fullod to win htm over to tho Donnervutlvo party j and lie rutiiulrtori faithful to his vlosvs until, In IHHI, tho lUdkml loader, M, Hwerdrup, wasi sunt for l>y IClnjf Oiioai', and ho luioaino I'rlinu Mlnistor, At thin Juno, turo, M, llinhtoi' wan ofl'orod a most Important MIIIIn tiiilal post, anil booaiiui MlnlHtor-niHldent of Norway at .Stockholm, It wan IiIm duty to bo In attendance oti tlio King during his Majimty'ti vlsltii to hlH Swedish capital, and M, lllohtor admirably llllod tho post, Vury soon, Indeed, liii heoaimi tho trusted frlond of tho Kliiff and tho Oonrt, on wliloh hlu old aiisoolatus at oiaiu bo. K«n to rulmi thu civy of " traitor," Meanwhile M« Hwordrup had none ovor to tho Hltfht, and, as M, Richter still kept his portfolio, the cries of the Radi- cals became more fierce and resentful. At last the well-known Scandinavian poet and novelist M. Bjornstern Bjorson, himself an ultra-Radical, deter- mined to compromise M. Richter, and he effected his purpose by publishing a private letter in which the latter virtually gave his chief, M. Swedrup, the lie. On this, members of both the Right and Left joined in denouncing M. Richter, who, being compelled to resign his post, found himself virtually sent to Coven- try by his old and new political associates. It was more than he could bear, and, returning one day to Stockholm, he put on his ministerial uniform once more, shut himself in his room, and blew his brains out without leaving a line of explanation. When the sad news arrived at Christiania the indignation amongst the people was immense, and even in the Chamber a sudden revulsion of feeling took place in favor of the dead man. Not only was an attempt made by the mob to destroy M. Swedrup's house , but a Liberal deputy publicly assaulted him, whilst the Presi- dent of the Chamber, leaving his chair, went up to him, and with an indignant gesture cried, "You have that man's corpse on your conscience." After this sensational incident it is not surprising to hear that the sitting of the Chamber was summarily adjourned. Few things indicate more truly the progress of a country than its growing approbation of the fine arts, since that very interest betokens intellectual advance- ment, and enlightened minds must have the best effect upon the general improvement of a people. It must be to a recognition of our finer perceptions that Melbourne is indebted for the settling in our midst of artists of repute, who can bo expected to help us forward in our artistic aspirations. The latest addition to the number of artists now living amongst us is Mr. J. H. Scheltema, n Dutch painter of high repute He was born 27 years ago at the Hague, Holland, and like many other celebrated painters, at an early age dis- played those tendencies which were afterward to shape his whole career. As soon as his youthful fingers could handle a pencil, and before he had received a single lesaon in drawing, he produced very ambitious, but of course immaturely conceived and necessarily faultily executed drawings, in which the child-genius fancied he depicted the leading incidents in the whole world's his- tory. A second series, scarcely less ambitious fol- lowed, in which the young painter, taking a more cir- cumscribed canvas, strove to illustrate the history of his own land, giving particular attention to terrible accidents, all sorts of street scenes and shocking events of various descriptions. Crude though these efforts were and wanting in artistic value, they had a claim upon attention from the strong power of dramatic ex- pression they indicated as among the developable characteristics of the young painter. More advanced in yeurs, young Scheltema went to Rotterdam, under the care of Mr. Bergsi, a very con- scientious painter of rural interiors, by whose advice and with whose assistance he engaged on an intricate study of native and natural objects, casting off for ever the nonsensical outbursts of the past and consid- ering the basis upon which he had previously worked so many years, oblivious in the earnest study of real- ism. Mr. Scheltema is an enthusiastic advocate of that part of his art which seeks the illustration of nature as its principal aim, and in his early days a robust constitution enabled him to indulge in many extended rambles about his native land in search of the picturesque and beautiful. In this manner he traversed the woods, plains and marshes in his own country and many parts of North GErmany, Belgium, and France as a true pioneer of art, discovering many a hitherto unknown spot, and in summer and winter seeing much that was valuable in after hours of reflec- tions and development with no other companion than his paint box, andhis "Edda" the sublime Norse Saga, and sketched and studies the traces even of the deer in the first fallen snow. Many a summer night night (sic) he spent a la belle etoile in Sherwoods or on the elegaic heath with some Celtic stone cave for shelter, watching his greatest charm - the rosy morn. HE had several teachers among whom were Mr. Bertelman an idealist of the romantic school, who made him copy very extensively from engravings after Le Brun and Poussin, illustrating the Alexandrine wars, the only advantage he acknowledges from that course of instruction being that he acquired some in- sight into the "draperie," while it also gave this impres- sionable painter a strong disgust for historical composition. He then went to the Hague Academy under Mr Koelman, an eminent painter of figures and an able sculptor, from whom he imbibed his first sound principles of art. He also expresses his indebtedness to Mr. Alphonso Lang, of Vienna, who was also a professor there. From the Hague, the painter, went to the Academy at Rotter- dam, where he was under Mr. Striening, a master who never touched his pupil's work, but freely tinted improvements. For five years after this period Mr Scheltema enjoyed a subsidy from the King of Holland, which enabled him to prosecute his studies very comfortably. Proceeding to Antwerp the painter met Mr. Verlat, an eminent artist, who ex- celled in general work, and who proved a rude but excellent masterr, and who is now famous for his "Defense du Troupeau," as well as other clever works. At Antwerp the young painter found too many artists, the struggle for life being too keen. He, how- ever, managed to obtain some commissions, and remained yews in that city, leaving then for Paris and London, and coming eventually to Melbourne. As an artist, Mr. Scheltema has established himself in a studio in Sydney Terrace, Wellington Parade, East Melbourne, and, while dovot- ing himself particularly to portrait painting, he is yet an accomplished and successful worker in landscapes animal, genre and architectural paintings. Looking at Sir J.E, Mlllais' portrait of the daugh- ter of Baron Rothschild, mounted on a horse, painted by Sir Edwin Landseer - it is just on the right- hand side as you enter the British gallery in the Exhibition- I could not help thinking of the words of Dr. Oliver Wendall Holmes, " Money kept for two or three gener- ations," he writes, " transforms a race, 1 don't mean merely in manners and hereditary culture, but in blood and bone. Money buys air and sunshine, in which children grow up more kindly, of course, than in close back streets. It buys country-places to give them happy and healthy summers, good nursing, good doctoring, and the best cuts of beef and mutton. When the spring chickens come to market,-I beg your pardon, that is not what I was going to speak of. As the young females of each successive season come on, the finest specimens among them, other things being equal, are apt to attract those who can afford the expensive luxury of beauty. The physical character of the next genertion rises in consequence." So fine a specimen of womankind could never have been reared amidst the squalid surroundings of the Judengasse, at Frank- fort; but at Mentone or Ferrieres there are all the conditions spoken of by Dr. Holes, and the third generation of the Rothschilds has produced the finest fruit on the ancestral tree. VERY few people, I fnacy, know the origin of the name , which is not that of the family. the father of its founder was known as Anschel Moses, who kept an old curiosity shop in the Judengrasse, a narrow pictur- esque street, which was in process of demolition when I saw it last. Upon the house he inhabited was a red shield or ensign, "Roth Schild" in German, and his son, Nathan Meyer Moses, who married Gudula Schnappe, adopted the name now borne by the family. Gudula lived to be ninety-seven and died in the old house in 1849, having survived her husband thirty- seven year. He left what was then considered a handsome fortune to each of his five sones, of whom the third, Nathan Meyer, went and established himself as a merchant in London. I have a distinct recollection of being taken as a child to see the stout old gentleman leaning against a pillar in the Royal Exchange, where he was pointed out to strangers visiting that part of the city as one of the financial marvels of the age. As indeed he was. But what opportunities he had in the days when steam vessels, electric telegraphs and war correspondents were undreamt of ! And ho know how to profit by his opportunities. Ho was with the English army in Belgium when the Bittle of Waterloo was fought, He divined Its momentous oonsquenoes, and hurried to Oatend in hot haste, chartered the fastest sailing vessel money could procure, and crossed the Channel in the midst of a storm. Landing at Dover, he hastoncd to London and appeared in his usual place on 'Change, with a countenance full of dismay and anxiety, Cortain of his agonts dissemi nated the rumor th'vt liluohor had sustained a crush Ing defeat at Ligny, and down tumblod the funds under the influenoe of a general panic. He was sell ing, himself, to a small extent. But, on the other hand, he had confidential brokers at work, who began to buy quietly but largely, the momont priocs had touched the bottom, The next day CJolonol Percy drove up in a post-chaise and four, the horses coverod with foam, and the carriage bespattered with dirt, to the house of Mrs. Boehm, in St. James's gqunro, whero the Prinae Regent was dining, and laid at his foet some French eagles, oapturod at Watorloo, and tho des patches of tbo Duke of Wellington, announcing a glorious and decisive viutory. Tho funds wont up at a bound, and Nathan Meyer ltothschlld cloarod one million storling in something less than four-and twenty hours, It was one of tho greatest coup» on record, Ho died at Frankfort on tho 28th of July, 1880, Ho had gone thithor to bo prosont at tho mar riaga of his ion with one of his nieces, He was not mora than sixty at tho time, and was understood to have loft four millions behind him, # >H Hi Silt Thomas Powell Uuxton, In his diary, relates a conversation ho had with Iljthsahild at Uam Ilouso, in which tho great ilmnclor montionod that one of his maxima was never to have anything to do with nn un« luoky plaoo or an unlucky man. Another was to con aontrato his attention upon one pursuit and never scatter his efforts or his capital, "It requires," hp addud," a great doal of caution and a groat doal o! boldness to make a groat fortune | and when you have got It, it requires ton times as much wit to keep it," * * * IN tho studio of tho gro tt Viennese sculptor, Victor TUgnol, a monument is being designed which Is about to bo presented to tho town of Vienna by Baron Lol tonborgor, an Auitrlan railllonalro, to eolobrato tho 40th year of tho Iflmporor Joseph's rolgn, Tho statu*, which Is to bo oomposod of marbto, will roprosant a temple supported by four Oorlathlan pillars | tho oon( tro group uonHlits of tho llguro of a woman on a stood lod by two godussos ) at tho baao of tho raonttmon*, in baa-rotiof, are tho hands of nil tho moa who havu takon I n prominent part In solonoo, art, lltoratiiro, or politics ! during tho prosont Dmporor'a rolgn, Two drinking fountains will stand at thu front and tho buck of tho Btatuo, Tho work, It U estimated, will coat over | 1,000,00011, CA 100,000), A small modol of tho uiomi moat will shortly bo oxhlbltod lu Vienna, :;:\y, * * * UNitMHaJriifUotir llosi tho Ifluiporor ol Clomiuty will ; | tuko lti« otto, not only from tho Ohunoollor, but from : j iho Oomtuaso do Waldorooo, Till# uwutorful womiui is un Amorloiui, tho daughter of Mio Now Vork buukor, Mr, IMvld Luo, and HO far biiuk iui 1801 tho ICmporor of Austria oroatud lior I'rlnoowo do Noor on tho oo. uu#lon of hor iiwrganatlo man-lano with t'rluoo 1 I'Vodorlok of HohiugwItfHolstulu, unolo of tlto young IflmproDH of Oormany. Jtor Imporlul ftUjoa'.y'u f»thor wai IJuko l<'rodorlok of Molaloln, who WAS dlspjsu'Hiod of Ids o row a by tho Kin# of I'rujiU lu tho mimo brusquo fashion iw that whlolt ohurAutorlio I Prussia's troatniont of tho poor Kltiy ol lliuiovoi'« i'horo was u kind of puotloal Juotluu, thuroforo, In tlto irurrlago of Duko Krodorlok's daughter with tho young I'rluoo, whoso doHllny has boon so inarvolloiuly shupod, Thoro In, howuvor, no uaiusuyfiitf Uto tnvL tho proiiunt Kmpamr and JOuiprofls woro not M nonorally popular at tho Uotu'k of Borlln M tlioy might havo boon, Tho JUmpuror Frodorlok unci tho lOmproua Vlo« torla by no moans oonoldorod 1'rlnuo Lllsmaruk as tho onu ami only saviour of Uonnany, althouyh It inl) uo bolonulntf to tliu (rautlou of the Court, On the other hand the Oomtcsse do Waldersoo Was ever one of the most strenuous sup* porters of tho Blsmarcklan policy, and her salon was the rendezvous of all true believers in that " culte." In 1881 Prince William of Prussia, then eldest son and " hdritler " of the Grown Prince, proposed to and was accoptod by the Princess of Sohleswig-Holsteln, and from that day down to tho preaent there has naturally been a gradual increase of tho power and influence of tho Waldorsees, Tho young lady who has been mota morphosod into Empress in fairy-story"|fashion was fortunate in having suoh a friond at Court as tho fair Ojuntoss, hor aunt, for under less favorabio circum stances her life at Berlin would have boon of the dull« est and least satisfactory, * * * Tim Comtosso do Waldersioo lost hor first husbaud, I I'rlnoo Frederick of Sohloawlg-Holstofti, several years ago (ho was carried oil six months after their union suddenly by an apoplectic Jit), and married " on soeon dos noeos" Gomto do Waldersoo, or, to glvo him his Gorman tltlo, Graf von Waldorsoo, a mombor of an old I Prussian family, a groat favourlto of Emperor William | tho First, a forvont admlror of Prlnoo Bismarck, and n groat friond of tho Iron Ghanoollor and Marshal von Moltko, Tho Count'B head being sorowod on tho right way, bo was glvon an important 16I0 in tho great drama of 1870, and playod it an woll that when tho groat Moltko found it absolutely necessary to have an assistant iio would not hoar of anyone but tho luoky Gount bolng solootod, Thoroupon tlio gallant husband of Madame la Chmtasso bacamo at a aoup Qtartar master-General of tho Gorman Empire. Many babitutis of Wiesbaden In Its palmy days rauit romombor tho handaomo woman whoso oortogo of admirers was as considerable as Mrs, Langtry'a whou tho Jersey Lily was at tho '/onlth of hor popularity in London, Hor beauty, her wealth, hor tltlo of princess, ami hor osjM'lt wero tho thoraas of conversation, and when tho lovoly widow of IWo-and-twonty gave hor hand to tho " boau sabrour," whoso name ahe now boars, lb was'admitted that for tho second time aha had mada an excellent oholao, Tho now Empress, albolt a charming woman In ovory sonso of tho word, la by no moans of tho sama mental oallbro as tho widow of Eraporor Frcdarlak, and thosu who know hor boat boldly assort that " olio hq lalssora guldor par la Ojmtosso do Waldersoo |" while tho " bullo Amorloalna " la understood to oxor« olso oonaldorablo InUuenao over tho jonng man who has just come to tho throno, Tho Comtossu has, iu faot, boon bo much In tho diplomatic " coulisses," and has so groat a tulont (or diplomacy and statooraft, that sho has aomo to bo rogardod as a kin 1 of fomalo Mot tornloh, a Talloyrand In pottlooats j so that It is per* Imps not muoh exaggerating the actual faot to say that tho prasaub and futuro rulura of tho Gorman Emplro aro tin Kalsor«Joti of tho Kugllsh l'rWiuoss Itoyal, tho llulolnkannlor, and Miuj, lu CJomtouso do Waldorsoo, . . * . 1 liBAitu u good story tho otlior day, IIIu«lvatlvo of tho proaoolfcy of young Australia, A friond of mlno, it modloal praotltlouor 1l\ ouo of tho fashlotmbla suburbs, who lu glfloU with tho lllorury Cauulty hluisoll, and him wrltton a otovoi novol, of wlilolt moro anon, Inn n nun llvo yoari old, who uooma to havo Inhorltod his father's propoiislty lo wiuulur In tho Holds of llotluri, iilvory morning tlia olilUI Is uooustoniod lo rolato to his parents it llttlo slory of Ills osvn o jmposlny | anil a fow days ago tho Infant uovolUt tlosurlbod tho Uioldonts of u liouso on (h'u-tlio alarm, tlio arrival of tho cnylaoa, und tho planting o£ liuldors to rusouo tho InnuUos of llio uppor sloroys, Tho Hum OH woro roprosoutod as mouullng lo tho nurnary, upon wliloh tho Itosa was dlrootoil, wlillu u yulluut 'llromnn, amiutullng to Iho window, looltud In utul flaw tho nursuiuuld with a baby lu hor arms. " Ami wluit did ho say, Jnok?" enquired IditorfaiulllHB, 11 WuU,'1 iopllud Iho smart llttlo llvo* yoar«olcl, 11 II u uulloil out ' You'd bottor ooiuo out of that) i'ov If you utop thuro, you'll yet wot," * 4 * I)'ua.nk Tarljou, thuoxport Maxlonu uuril uiiuitpulA* tor, who has boon playing navou wltlt Mr, lloruiauti Knukook nu I othor pl^ooiu lu Molbuumo, U proud of hta profession, mid U brimful of auuodulOM rolalliiy to Incidents connected with his eventful career. On his way to Australia, Tarbou relates, he called in at the Sandwich Islands, and being a wealthy sugar planter from the Southern States, Kamehameha received him with open arms, lodged faim in the regal palace, placed the servants of the State at his disposal, and held high court and revelry, and some high play during the Hojourn of the visitor, When Tarbou was leaving by the steamer the better by 12,000 dollars, he was arrayed after the fashion of the country in a magnifi cent habiliment and crowned and garlanded with flowers. In this trim he was accompanied in proces sion by the King, prooeded by a brass band, and fol lowed by the household troops in full dress, while the simple people congregated on the wharf, and chccred and jabbered and capered as though they were doing honor to a domi-god, * * * Is Friday tho most'unlucky day of the week? So far as the lloyal Family of England is conaornod, they have moat reason to view the day following with aversion 3 for, as has been quite rocently pointed out, the following deaths have occured on that day :-. William III. died Saturday, March 18, 1702. Quoon Anne died Saturday, March 18,171-1. George I. dlfad Saturday, June 10,1727. Goorge II. died Saturday, October 25,1700. Ocorge III, died Saturday, January 29, 1820. Georgo IV. died Saturday, June 20,1880. The Duahess of Kent diod Saturday,March 1(1,1801 The Prince Oonsortdiod Saturday, Deo, 14,1801. The Princess Alloc'died Saturday, Deo. M, 1878. Suoh colnotdonoos. us these aro very remarkable, even although .we may ontertain an uttor disbollef in auguries and superstitions generally. # . * * Tilt) Rev, Jacob Lonaer, who has been imported by tho Must Molbourno Hobrew Congregation, from Mos cow, to act as their Cantor, presents a most striking appearance in his peculiar garb and long flowing looks, which ranch down his shouldor*. Ho looks more like a priest of tho Russian Greek Ohurah than a Jewish lt'kbbl. Hoapodin Lonaor is DO years of ago, and tho possessor of a baritone voiao, the equal of which, it is utntod, hns not boon board ns yofc in Melbourne, U is axpootcd that tho synngoguo in Albort-stroot will bo crowd oil ut 0 o'clock this (Friday) evening to hoar tho now baritone's llrst porformnnoo, MANY ijawy Ratt/iiNa of thm DAY, On FiUlay, August 10 i-TO tho Rov, Dr, James XTIah, born 1820,-To tho XIoo. William Mount ford Klnsoy ValOi born 1888,-To Mr. James llluok L'kwronoo, born 1881),-To Mr, Donald Smith Walluoo, J,P,, Quoonslancl, born 184<1\. - To tho Rev. Alfred Oallln (Ohaltouhnra), born 1815.-To Mr, Samtiol Willij, J. P, ON Saturday, August 11 1-To Mr, Thomas Wioka Uonbow, J,P, (Ararat) 1 born 18*10, On Suudny, AugttBt 12 t-To Aldorraivn S.unuol AnicHH, born 182(1,-To tho Hon, William M'Lollati, born 18U1To Mr, Jamos 'Ldula Mooro, born 181-i, ONTuoudny, August Id 1-To Mr, Joooiih Summors, muululan, ON Wodnusduy, Augusfc 10 1-To tlio ll'jv, Arthur Davidson, CI oolong. Ojn Thursday, AujuihI 10 1-To Mr, Qooryo Clmham, . AM',, born 181)8,-To Mr. Nullum Dirnot, , urobitcot, born 18717,-To Mr, Jabon Walter , lliwillokl, J. I', (Ararat), born 1820,-To Mr, William lionry Willoo'c (Warrnumbool), born 18211.-To Mr, Oliarlos Jiwnon Uryanti J, I', (Malcloii)i born 18)10,-To Mr, Mnionfc Fmlorlok William John Noltu'no, born 18111,-To tlio Llov, Uoglnnlil Wailham Clouko, M,A, (llln^lo liawlt), born I8fl0,-To Mr, Oliarlon lionry 1'ltt Nlnil (Morwoll), born 18flll,-To Mr, lllolmril ?iJuDUiih Donnoliy, aroliltcot, buru 1881, JJOUSViUlilii | I 