MISCELLANEOUS. Mr, FO. M. G, Eddy, the Chief Commissioner of Railways in New South Wales, will sail for Sydney in the ss. Austral on September I. He entered the service of that leviathan system of railways-the London and North- western-at their chief office in London in a Hay, 1805, and after passing through various departments became attached to the staff of the general superintendent In this position he became thoroughly familiar with the in- door and outdoor working of a railway company whose capital amounted to £100,000,000. Tara years after his first appointment Mr. Eddy have! the position of travelling assistant to the general superintendant, but was soon promoted to be superintendent of the Chester and Holyhead section of the London and North-Western line, which included all the company's branch lines in North Wales. During the three years he remained in that position he succeeded in introducing imper- ¡ tant reforms, which accelerated the transit between Ireland, North-Wales, and England, | and improved the discipline of the railway servants His next step was to be come assistant superintendent of the company's line, taking general supervision of the passenger traffic throughout the whole system A few months later the outdoor i superintendence of the goods trains was added' to his other duties In April of last year the position of assistant general manager of the | Caledonian railway (which is a close ally of the London and North Western railway was offered to and accepted by Mr Eddy The capital of this company is over £40,000,000 It will be seen from the foregoing facts that Mr Eddy has had a wide experience in the management of railways, and in dealing with a large staff of men The Chinese-AuBtrnlian difficulty has receded in public interest since it became known that the Sydney Conference had adopted resolutions which would enable the Imperial Government to try and solve the question by means of persuasive negotiations with the Pekin authorities Lord Knutsford read to the notice of Lord Lord Carrington's telegram explaining the decisions of the conference The Secretary of State for the Colonies made no comment beyond the remark that the telegram showed that the conference had fully and carefully discuss of the matter from all points of view. The Tvnct somewhat cautious) observes that the reliance of the colonies upon the good offices of the Imperial Government is less implicit than might be interred from the telegraphic summary of the result of the conference It is clear, it thinks, that though they may hope for good results from the action of the Foreign Office, yet they have not forgotten that Heaven helps tbnsewhohelp themselves The Si relator considers that the conference have arrived at a compromise combining justice with expediency). Mr. Stephen Bourne, the statistician, has complete 1 some calculations illustrating the progress of British trade with the colonies He finds the results decidedly encouraging During the first five months of the current year the gross total of British trade shows a gain of £1«,000,000 upon 1887, which rate, if continued throughout the Year, will show an excess of IJS.000,000 upon the total of 1887 During the first quarter of 1883 the imports from and exports to British possessions show an advance of £5,53") "44 upon the corresponding period of 1887, while the British trade with foreign combines indicated an advance of il,5'lS,75L It appears that while in 1887 the growth of the colonial trade was only a little over 1 per cent. and the foreign nearly 5 per cent, during the first quarter of this year the colonial trade advanced nearly 15 per cent and the Foreign only 15 per cent. The importations from British possessions amounted to £23,7 42 057, Australasia contributing £0 183,338 East Indies, £10,503,853 ; South Alrt n, £1,32 1,320, the West Indies. £1,181,0)1 , North America, Hong Kong, and other places the balance. The exports to these possessions amounted to £20,787.070, £5,717,709 going to Australasia, £0,511 (157 to theEiHt Indies, £1,782,750 to North America, and £1,412 051 to South Africa. Mr. Hubert de Castella has defended the Australian colonists from Mr. Collin Levey's reproach that they do not consume a nur proportion of the wines they province. He states that the white wines have superseded European hocks and sauterne in Victoria. He had been informed that the consumption of colonial wine in one leading club in that colony was equal to that of claret, and amounted to over 700 dozen in 12 months. Mr Castella also mentions that when dining recently at Vcfour'a restaurant at the Palais Ho) al he had been much gratified to find "Les Vina d'Australie" accorded a prominent place on the wine card, and he expresses the belief that the Continent will do much to teach England how to appreciate the produce of her own colonies Mr. J. Dennistoun Wood and Mr. F. P. Labilliere, as members of the council of the Royal Colonial Institute, have memorialised the Chancellor of the Exchequer with the view of inducing him to favourably consider the question of submitting to Parliament a measure to exempt personal property not situate in the United Kingdom from liability to pay) legacy and succession duty They argue that the proper principle to be followed is to determine the liability of the estate of a deceased person to pay duty, not by his domicile, hut by the locality of his estate at the time of his death it is within the jurisdiction it should be liable to pay duty ; it it is not within, it should not be liable It is unlikely that the memorial will produce any effect, as Mr. Goschen, a few weeks since, flatly refused to exempt personal property not situated in this country from legacy duty. A correspondent of III' Times, who certainly does not hold a brief for the protection of Australian interests, has contributed to the le tiling journal an interesting review of the position in the Pacific." displays considerable familiarity) with the course of events in the Pncincnuring the last few years, but quite finis to bring into sufficient prominence the main factor in the Pacific problem, namely), that Australasia must of necessity become the dominant power in that quarter of the globe, and that even now her salesmen feel it incumbent on them to jealously safeguard her interests in her eventual inheritance. The writer of the article in question appears to hold that the British have done very well in the scramble, and can now afford to be generous to other competitors for territory. He therefore complainant) advocates the recognition of French claims to the New Hebrides and the Hervey) or Cook Islands not Germany to Samoa, Tonga, the Ellice Gilbert group and of the United States to Hawaii. He would be glad to see Dutch New Guinea purchased by England. and that her brief recognised claims to the portions of the Solomon group not under German influence should be made effective. Vic Jtmra pricks the peace bobbie blown by its amiable correspondent very neatly by the remark that "at every point, indeed, the impediment to the display of this happy magnanimity in thenrrniigeineittof quarrels in the Pacific" is the need of respecting Australasian interests For instance, the bitter- ness with which Australians would regard a French annexation of the New Hebrides would not be decreased by irrefutable proof that the act would be beneficial to French commerce, nor would the hoisting of the tricolour on the Hervey group be rendered a whit more acceptable by the reflection that the annexation nicely rounded off the French possessions in that part of the Pacific. Having probably the recollection of the French attack upon Foochow in his mind. Lord Carnarvon has questioned the Imperial Government. as to whether they propose to instruct naval commanders and colonial Governors us to the course to he pursued with regard to the entry of foreign ships of war and transports carrying troops into fortified ports of the British Empire. He held that it was important that armed foreign warships should be kept from British ports, as the fear of a surprise could not be disregarded by students of naval tactics Certain!) the right of free entry into British ports needed to be checked. Lord Elphinstone replied that the matter was now under the consideration of the Government, but the subject was not one that would benefit by publicity. Mr. Parneirsuudactoua assertion, that Australia, like America, is solid for Irish Home Rule, has been challenged in The Ladies by Mr. G. W. Rusden, and in the Scotsman by " An Australian M P.," possibly Mr. G D Carter Mr. Rusden, on the strength of his 10 years experience of Australia, declares Mr Parnell's statement absolutely wrong, while the " Australian M P." states that, outside the Irish Roman Catholic party, "nine out of every ten of the manhood of Australia have no sympathy whatever with Messrs Parnell and Gladstone in their Irish policy." Cardinal Moran, Archbishop of Sydney, has arrived at. It uric, and taken up his quarters at the Irish College, of which he was vice rector for many years. He has headman Hence of the Pope, to whom he reported that the decrees of the Plenary Council of Sydney, us approved by the Pope, were now in full operation throughout the church in the colonies, and that their results were apparent in vastly improved organisation and ecclesiastical discipline. The colonial church in general, he informed the Sovereign Pontiff, has now in a flourishing condition, and fully) entitled to claim rank as a national church A reference by the Pope to the somewhat remarkable speech on the Irish question made by the Cardinal in Sydney on the eve of his departure, the substance of which was telegraphed to Europe, is understood to have elicited from his Eminence an assurance that his Australian experience had intensified his conviction of the necessity and the justice of extending some form of self government to Ireland. The Cardinal spent last Saturday in inspecting the Papal Jubilee i exhibition of presents from all parts of the world, over which he was conducted by Monsignor Mncchi, Monalgnor Mussolini, and Mr. Ii Cassell, the English chamberlain at the Vatican. After a low weeks' sojourn in the Eternal City), Cardinal Moran will travel across the Continent to Ireland The Very Rev. J E Reefs has been appointed president of the new college of the Holy Ghost, which Bishop Moore will inaugurate in Ballarat next February, a commodious house and grounds in Sturt street having been secured for this additional order of Catholic teachers in Victoria. Father Heflc, during the past 24 years, has been prefect of studies and Dillinger of Black- rock College, near Dublin, which has now 825 students on Its roll. He will be accompanied to Australia by four of his brother professors, and the system of Instruc- tion he proposes to adopt at Ballarat will be precisely similar to that which obtained in the two remarkably successful Irish establishments of the order at Blackrock and Rock- well. The former institution has distanced all competitors for exhibitions, prizes, and medals under the Intermediate Education Act, Ireland, 1873, Its record in this respect from 1879 to 1887 being 140 exhibitions, 37 medals, and 215 prizes. The long pending Boucicault divorce suit was decided by Mr. Justice Butt on Thursday. The facts of the case are so well is now n in the colonies that it is unnecessary to re capitulated them in detail It will be remembered that during his professional tour of the colonies in 1857 Mr Bonciconlt married a member of his company, MLAS Josephine Thomas line. at Sydney. The lady who claimed to be his former wife, known professional!) as Agnes Robertson, on learning that Mr. Boucicault had taken this step, commenced proceedings for divorce on the grounds of bigamous adultery Mr Justice Hutt, without calling on counsel for the petitioner, found that there had been a marriage of the petitioner and the respondent at New York in accordance with the laws of that state, and that the bigamy and , adultery were established and he pro- | noticed a decree in with costs, the judge , thus upholding the contention that the i law of marriage in the State of New York is practically identical with the Scotch I am on the subject Mr Boucicault, who was not present at the hearing, was represented by Mr. lnderwlck, Q C Messrs Keeling and Hunt held a successful sale of New Zealand and I Tasmanian apples on Tuesday. The former consisted of 30 boxes., ex Ruapehu, and were disposed of at from 7s to 13s per box The latter comprised all the bores brought by the Ocean i, whose contents were not rendered worthless by bud freeing tin once They realised prices ranging (rum 7s. to 17s per hot. Lord Knutsford is expected to give his decision in a few days in the matter of constructing a new telegraphic cable from a point on the north-west coast of Western Australia to Ceylon, connecting with the Indian land lines Messrs C and H Millar have submitted an offer to la) this cable, that a report has reached London that thee are not disposed to proceed any further with the scheme in view of the unsatisfactory character -of the case. shorts that the Western Australian Government is prepared to give Sir John Pender has an alternative scheme, which he is understood to have explained in detail to Lord Knutsford in the course of a lengthy interview on Tuesday last Mr. Hugh Watt, member for the Camlachie division of Glasgow, probably by this time entertains serious doubts whether it was politic on his part to bring his action against Mr. Charles Cameron, HE P, for having in the North virility Daxhi Mail accused him of plagiarism from Mrs Dominic Daly's book entitled " Maume, 'Sqiiatliiin, and Piantcrtng Life tri theJNoitlietii rintoul." The charge of "cribbing" was made in very direct terms, and it was insinuated that the lecture was delivered partly with thereof influencing the prospects of a gold-mining company in the Northern Territory, in which Mr. Watt was a shareholder. A strong bar was retained on either side, Mr. H James, Sir Charles Russell, and other leading: men appearing for the plaintiff, and Sir Edward Clarke (the Solicitor-General), Mr. Lockwood, and others for the defendant. In opening the case Sir Charles Russell implied that the alleged libel was penned owing to political animus. Mr. Watt stated that his secretary collected all available authorities respecting the Northern Territory, and prepared a synopsis which he (Mr Watt) tligeBted before dictating his lecture. He had not seen Mrs. Daly's book until the first transcript was in type, bat he revised the proof by her book, and admitted incorporating cousin paragraphs An analysis of the lecture showed that out of 22 pages six were his own, and two only could be attributed to Mrs. Daly's work, the remaining 14 pages being derived from other sources At the close of the lecture Mrs Daly had been introduced to him, and had said she wished he had mentioned her name, as it would have been of great service to her. He had replied that nothing would have given him greater pleasure had she requested him before the lecture. The cross examination by the Solicitor-General was severe Mr. Watt sent induced to admit that his business included a good deal of "financing" for companies, and that during the last few years he had lectured several times on colonial subjects, admittedly to promote the prospects of companies in which he held shares The fifteenth annual corner stations in connection with the Royal Colonial institute was held at the Albert hall last night, the doors of the South Kensington Museum having been closed against the fellows this year. The company numbered 3,000, and among those to be were present were Lord and Lady Knutsford, Mr. Chamberlain, and several of the agents-general. The arrangements were not as satisfactory) IIB usual, but that was not altogether the fault of the connell. The music was good, but the refreshments left much to be desired. The Colonial College at Hollesley Bay. East Suffolk, a description of which was published in The Argus of January 28, celebrated its midsummer speech day) on Saturday last About 50 friends and admirers of the institution journeyed down by train from London, and spent a very pleasant and profitable afternoon inspecting this unique training-school for intending young colonists They found that the buildings had been considerably enlarged and improved since the midwinter deni instruction last December, and although the original design of the structure has not yet been fully realised, it is sufficiently completed to batist) present requirements. There are now about 60 students in residence, the great majority of whom have a decidedly promising and intelligent appearance. The distribution of prizes to successful com- petitors amongst them took place in the large mail that has been added to the college since the last occasion on which the like ceremony) was performed. The Marquis of Bristol, the Lord-Lieutenant of the county, presided, and was supported by Lord John Hervey, Lord Richard Browne, Sir Louis Jackson, Mr. Hunter Rodwell, QC, and Mr Abra barn Scott, the chairman of the board of directors. Mr. Robert Johnson, the managing director, submitted a satisfactory report of the half year's work, and brief addresses, embodying sound practical advice to the students, were given by the chairman and several of the gentlemen in attendance. The visitors subsequently strolled over the extensive estate attached to the college, which seems replete with every aid to instruction in agriculture and pastoral experience. 