8KET0HES. A.HOXO MOXft. At last Harry fell fast asleep, and men I could noarooly kcop my oycs opon. lndcod, I was just dropping oft whensuddenly Pharaoh gavo ino i» push. " Ivtston!" lio whispered. I was awako in a »econd, and listening with all my ears. From the clump of bush to the right of tlio lightning-shattered stumpto whicli tlo sick ox -was tied oamo a faint crackling noiso. Presently it was repeated. Something was moving tliore, faintly and quiotly enough, but still moving porcoptibly, for in the intenso stillness of tlio niglit any Hound seemed loud. . I woVo up Harry, who lnbtontly said, " Wliero is she?" and bognn to point his riflo about in a fashion that was moro dangerous lo us and tho oxon ttuvn to nny possible lioness. "Bo-quiet!" I whisporod savagely; and as I did so, with a low and hideous growl a flush of yollow light spod out of tho clump of bush, past tho ox, and into tho corresponding clump upon tho other sido. Tho poor sick brute gave a «orfc of groan, and »ta#gcrcd round *nd then began to tremble ; I could see it do go clearly in tho moonlight, which was now vory bright, and I folt a brutd for having exposed tho unfortunate ox to tlio agony ho must undoubtedly bo undergoing. Tho lioness, for it was slio, passed so quickly that wo could not oven distinguish her inovomonts, much less fire. Indeed, at night it is absolutely useloss to attempt to shoot unless tho objoct is very closo and standing perfectly still, and thou tho light is so dcceptivo and it is so difficult to sco tho foresight that the best shot will miss moro ofton than ha hits. "Sho will bo back ugain presently," 1 said; " look out, but for Heaven's sako don't ilro unloss I tell you to." Hardly were tho words out of my mouth when back sho come, and again passed tlio ox without striking him. " AVhnt on earth is she doing ?" whispered 1lurry. "Inlaying with it as a cat doos a mouse, -l Bupposo. Sho will kill it presently." As I spoke, tho lioness once moro Unshod out of tho bush, and this time sprang right over tho doomed and trembling ox. _ It was a iioantiful sight to see her filoar him in tlio blight moonlight, as though it woro a li\o<t that sho had been taught. "I boliovo that sho has escaped from a circus," whispered Harry ; " it's jolly lo see licr jump." I said nothing, but I thought to myself that if it was, Master Harry did not quito apprcoiato the performance, and small blauio to him. At any rate, Mb teofh wero chattering a little. Then caino a longish pnitse, and I began to think that sho must have gono away, when suddenly eho appeared again, and with one mighty bound landed right on to tho ox, and Btruck it a fearful blow with lior paw. Down it wont, and lny on tho ground kicking feebly. Sho put down hor wickcdlooiting head, and, with a fierce growl of contentmentt buried her long wliito tooth in tho throat of tho dying animal. When slio lifted hor muzzlo again' it was all stained with blood. Sho htood facitg us obliquely, licking her bloody chops and making a sort of purring noise. " Now's our timo," I whispered, "firo when I do." I got oil to her as woll as I could, but Harry, instead of waiting for mo, os I told him, fired boforo I did, and that of course » hurried mo. When tho smolto cleared, howover, I wos delighted to seo tho lioness was rolling about on tho ground bohind tho body of tho ox, which covered her in such a fashion, liowovor, that wo could not shoot again to muko an end of her. " Sho'w done for! she's dead, tho yellow dovil!" yelled Pharaoh in exultation; and at that very momont tho lioness, with a Bort of convulsive rush, half rolled, half sprang, into the patch of thick bush to tho right. I fired after her as slio went, but so fur as 1 could seo without result; indeed tho probability is that I missed clean. At any rato slio got to tho bush in safotv, and onco thero, began to mako such a diabolical noiso as I nover hoard before. Sho would whine and shriok with pain, and burst out into pcr/eot volleys of roaring that shook tho whole place. "Woll," I said, "wo must just let hor roar; to go into that bush after her at night would bo madness." At that momont, to my astonishment mid alarm, thero camo an answering roar from tho direction of tho river, and then anothor from behind tho swell of buslu Evidontly thero wero moro lions about. Tho woundod lionebs redoubled her efforts, with tho object I suppose, of summoning tho others to her assistance. At any rato thoy camo, and quickly too, for within fivo minutes, poeping through tho bushes of our skerin fence, wo Maw a magnificent lion bounding _ ololig towards us, through tho full tambouki glass, that in tho moonlight looked for all tho world like ripening corn. On he camo in great leaps, and a glorious sight it was to see him. When within fifty yardtt or so, ho stood still in an open spuce and roared, and tho lioness roared too, and then thoro camo a third roar, and another groat blaok-manod lion stalked majestically up, and joined number two, and really I began to realise what tho ox must have undorgoiic. 'Now, Harry,'1 whispered, 'whateveryou do don't firo, it's too risky. If they lot us be, let them be.' Well, tho pair of thorn inarched oif to the bush, whero tho wounded lioness was now roaring doublo tides, and the whole throo of them began to snarl and grumblo uway together thoro. Presently, however, tho lioness ceased roaring, and tho two lions camo out again, tho black-mnnod one first—to prospect, I suppose—and walked to whero tho carcase lay, and sniffed at it. ' Oh, what a shot!' whisperod Ilarry, who was trombling with excitoment. 'Yes,' Isnid; 'but don't firo ; they might all of them come for ns.' Harry said nothing, but. whether it was from tho natural impotuosity of youth, or because lio was thrown off his balance by excitement, or from sheor recklessness and devilment, I am sure I oannot tell you, never having beon ablo to got a satisfactoiy explanation from him; but fit any rato tho fact remains, he, without word or warning, entirely disregarding my oxhortations, lifted up his Wcsloy ItiehardB, and fired at the black-maned lion, and, what is moro, hit it slightly on tho flank. Noxt i-econd thero was a most awful roar from the injured lion. Ho glared arouud him and roared with pain, for ho was sadly stung; and then, before I could mako up my mind what , to do, the great blaek-inancd brufe, clearly ignorant of tho enusoof tho pain, sprang right «it the throat of his companion, to whom ho evidontly attributed his misfortune. It was a curious sight to seo tho evident astonishment of tho other lion at this most unprovoked assault. Over lie rolled with an angry snarl, and on to him sprang tho black-inaned demon, and commenced to worry him. This finally awoko tho yellow-nianed lion to a sense of tho situation, and I am bound to say that ^ho rose-to tho ocoasion in a most effective ' manner. Somehow or other he got to his feet, and, roaring and snarling frightfully, oloscd with his mighty foe. And then rmsueda most tremendous scene. You know v Vita shocking tliingitis to look at two largo it-.gs fighting with abandonment. Woll, a whole liundred of dogs could not havo looltod half so terrible as thoso two great brutes as thoy rolled and roared and rent in their horrid rage. They gripped each other, they toro at each "other's throat, till their manes oamo out in hdndfuls, and tlio red blood streamed down their yellow hides. It was an awful and a wonderful thing to. see the great eats tearing at each .other with all the fierce energy of their savago strength, and making tho night hideous with their heart- shaking noise. Aud tho light was n grand 0110 too. For somo minutes it was hard to cay which would win, but at la*t I saw that tho blaek-mnuod lion,, though lio was slightly tho bigger, was fail-' ing. I nm inclined, to think that, tho wound in his Hank lmd crippled hiin. Anyway, ho began to got t.lio worst, of it, whioh Forvrd him right, a is ho wni ttio aggressor. Still I could not help feeling worry for him, for ho tnndo a gallant. fight, when his antagonist finally got hiin by tho throat, and struggle and strike out as lio would, bognn to film !to tho life out of him. Orer and over tiioy rolled together, a hideous and awo-incpiring spectacle, but tho yellow ouo would not loose bin hold, and at length poor black-mane grow faint, his breath oanio ill great snores and scorned to raffle in hiit nostrils, then ho opened his hugo mouth, gave tho ghost of a roar, quivered, and was dead. When ho was quito suro that the victory was his own, tho ycllow-inaneit lion loosed his grip and sniifeil nt his fallen foo. Then ho licked tho dead lion's oyo, and noxt, with hisforo-feet resting on tho carcase, sent up his own chant of victory, that wont rolling and pealing down tho dark paths of tho night in nil tho gathered majesty of sound. And at thiH point I interfered. Taking a careful sight at tho centra of his body, in order to givo the lnrgeat possible margin for orror, I fired, and sent uT>70 express bullet right through him, mid down lio dropped doad upon tho carcase of bio mighty foo. After that, fairly satisfied with our performances, wo slept, peaceably till dawn, leaving Pharaoh to keep watch in case any moro lions should tako it into their heads to ooino onr way. When tho sun was fairly up wo aroso, aud went very cautiously—at Ieii»t I'haraoli aiuj I did, for i would not allow Harry to eomo—to slo if wo could find any trace of the wounded lioness. Sho had ceased roaring immediately on tho arrival of tho two lions, and had not mudo a sound sinco, from which wo concluded that slio was probably doad. I was armed with my express, whilo Pharaoh, iu whoso hands a rifle indeed was a dangerous weapon —to his companions, had an axe. On our way wo stopped (n look at tho two dead lions. They were magniflucnt animals, both of them, but their pelts worn entirely spoiled uy tho terrible mauling they had givou to each other, which was a sad pity. In another ininuto wo wcro following tho blood spoor of tho wounded lioness into tho bush, wlicro sho hud taken rofugu. This, I need hardly say,' wu did with tho utmost caution ; indeed, 1 for ouo did not at all like tho job, and was only consoled by tho reflection that it wire nocossary and that tho bush hvs not thick. Well, wo stood there, keeping' as far from tho trees as possible, searching and looking about, but 110 lioness could wo see, though wo caw plenty of blood. "Sho must have gouo away somewhere to die, Pharaoh," I said in Zulu. " Yoa, Itikoos" (chief), I10 answered, "sho lias certainly gono away." Hardly wero tlio words out of his mouth, when I heard a most awful roar, and starting round saw tho lioness otnergo from tho very centre of a bush, just behind Pharaoh, in whioh sho had been curlcd up. Up sho went 011 to her hind legs, and as sho did so I saw that 0110 of her fore-paws was broken near the shoulder, for it liung limply down. Up sho wont, towering right ovor Pharaoh's head, as sho did so lifting her uninjured paw to strike him down. And then, beforo I could got my rifle round or do anything fo avert tho coming eatastroplio, tho /m\a did a very bravo and clever thing. Jljalising his own imminent danger, I10 bounded to ono flido, and tlion, swinging tho heavy axe rouud hia head, brought it down right on to her back, severing tho vortobnu and killing her instantaneously. It was wondoiful to seo her collapso all in a heap liko an empty sack. —ItUhr J [(if/yard in Atlanta. 