YOUNG MRS. JABDINE. ? ? ? m By the Author of 'John Halifax, ^GitSTLEMAN.'V Chapter xui. (continued). 'He most ha*e been so pretty,' Silence said. ; -.-? ?? **Ves. 'Almost like an angel, or it seems so now. He was a Christmas child. This Christmas he would have been thirty-nine ? no, forty ya»rs old. How strange I' The old lady spoke calmly, as old people learn to do. And then, like one habituated to repress herself and think of o.hers only, she added — ' Your husband is not near forty yet ; he : could, not be, for Henry lardine married late ^in life. Sir John lost sight of him after that. but he was always very fond of him. We thought him so clever, so sure to make a name for himself one day. Ferhaos his son will.' 'I hope he will ; yes, he shall.' The words were brief, but there was a. sudden flash, in the eye, indicating the faith which create* the hope, and the will which brings about both. And then, startled at her self, Silence shrank back behind the curtains of herpkasant nook, glad to bide for a few quiet minutes after the efforts even of their happy evening.. - . She strained her ears to catch her husband's voice, but instead she only heard the idle buzz of conversation behind her, little heeded, until her own name struck her ear. .'J^ s^y I «°et a Mrs. fardine at Richerden last week. Could she be a rela tion, mother or aunt, to that young fellow? Impossible !' .' Why impossible ?' 'Oh, Mrs. MacAlister' (the speaker was one of the Symington guests), ' if you had seen her 'Astonishing in accent, and still more as tonishing m dress ; clannish, as I suppose vou Scotch would call it- always talking^ her , ? family, and evidently considering it the most important family in all Scotland. She had three daughters— one married to a man Thom son— ngn « a nice son in-law to have ? You should bare seen him in the drawing-room after dinner- But she never spoke of any son.' ' Still, I believe this isiher son.' . 'You don't say so! That coarse, ignorant, vulgar woman}?' . ? * ' At this Ulk-beard quicker than it takes to write, and impassible not to hear, for tbe speakers were behind the curtains — Silence looked at her companion, whose eyes were cast down on the carpet. Making some re mark quite foreign to the subject. Ladv Symington rose ; then, seeing her poor iiUie *£**«. ^«et ?' P°«te preter^rop. ' My dear, «les absents o,it toujours tort,' liet *t pass— we wHi move away.' ^^ aZH£™ CU1 l lt h R?88? * is not true. A'd sj« « my mother. It cannot be true.' If it were, 'said tbe old lady quietly 'it «»£ ,»** any right-minded people. ' You' husband rs what be is. a Jardine ^Blackball and the very image of his father.' ' Still, a mother is a molber always. I bad qJIJ-J!101!1^ m.oment« Pottfng aside Lady Se^ladie!'13111'111* *'**' *? *— **** v 'Ibeg ypte pardon, bat I overheard yotu IcouM^t help oveAeanng. ^oTroisff JUrs. Jardine, my mother-in law, is a very eood woman. HercaHdren love her mucb? W edueated she may be-faer father was a work mg man-but -coarse,' ?vulgar,' it is impos 'Whether or no,' said the young London lady, equally touched and surjwiswl, «lZ Sony I said it It is a certificate of merit to a^woman^tbat her son's wife should be so \- ^5* P°??TKl^e **'*? P*16 i'10' P»». «nshed £aWy. 'It is not that-it is because of the injustice. One should never let an injustice pass if one can help it. n .»?««« -TOtj*ide?tbe manner to simple amT straight, torward-^lrs. MacAlister said next day that Toung^fe,: Jardiae wks|be iAiest andm^ kJIfS?!^1'1^ t0™* ?'djjhe.em knew ; ' Saw?? «? u™ *?&*!&« ner rieanmB.' SS^fT^ themselves, asihe yoongeTef - 5^° «v* qmte *nt up,' and madeno end of iftcoberenti^rpolpgies.n : - - ? . Sflence accepted them 'smtUnv «« it jom ^nmtfir.since I only heanTyon-not my ^2^ ^H-i0?^ iuoim1. ?» saw Roderick ^SS^iifX!?^*^ STmin?t«-o. and was quite , S*n*'*»*& *ne expression of bis face, t tu t h» ~*JMbetxd, or gdeaed, ewayrJun^^ bid ?J He -slid : nothjqg- ^rfmt ^as *frcre to say? Not until they bad cot out *nto the dark— the quiet, sbotlimfc^bGEuf n%ht— did be break oat i« a passion of anger and grief.' 'Coarse! nOearj-how dared ^bey say-it? Ignorant she ntey be. How could she other wise with her bringing up ? But she is, as yoa said, a thoroughly good woman. Thank you ; thank you, my darling for being so generous to my poor mother.' ' . . . ti . ,.., . ..i: :V***Ibt generous, only 'juSU'? whispered the soothing voice, ; ' I could npf }ie unjust to any mother, least of aH to yours. They *a know her, those people, and they were sony. You beard them say so.' - 'I heard all; I wa dose by; but how could I speak? Coward that I was ! It was you who, were brave. ? Again- thank vou, my darling. . : )? -, : ~ y \ ' They walked on awhile in total silence, then Roderick burst out again. ' Yes ; she is my mother. No unkindness can alter that .* Ani she has done nothing really wrong— nothing that can make me cease to respect her. Her weaknessness— I know them every one. It is nonsense to sr.y children should not see their parents' faults ! they must and do. But then there is the love that covers all. She loved me too, once. If I saw her this minute, I believe I should forget every thing, except that she wasTOy mother— my dear oldtoiotherJ' '?' . ' . ' And a great sudden ~soi», like a boy's, be trayed what .his wife had long, guessed, tbe pent-up grief which even she could not wholly It was hard very hard ; but Silence wa3 neither hurt nor offended. ' Faithful in one thing — faithful in all,' she murmured. Clasp ing both ber hands round his arm. she crept still closer to the true heart ; all the truer and dearer because, even its love for herself had failed to deaden any other lawful tenderness. ?' Forgive me, my wife. Vou must not think that ? '? ' I think only of you, and of your bitter pain.' - - . ' It must be conquered, and shall, byand by.' : 'Or dse the tide may turn ; who knows ?' 'No; I have -little hope of that. My mother . has strong prejudices. In one sense she is. as they called her a thorough Scotch woman, a warm friend, a bitter enemy. No, no, do not give me hope of things changing. Better let us submit to the inevitable. It is inevitable now.' ?? They walked a little way .in sad silence, then Roderick broke out again.' ' Did you hear what they said about Bella's husband ! Poor Bella ! I knew it would come to that ; I told her so, but she would not be lieve me. She was dazzled, blinded, overper suaded. Girls often are, I suppose. . Perhaps I ought to have spoken out more thoroughly ; but I hated speaking, they would understand me. And then they worried me so. Still, I should done my duty to them, whether or no. I have not liked to vex you, my darling ; but sometimes I have vexed myself for days to gether with the doubt if I had really done my duty to them all. I cannot forget them. My dearest— my very dearest always— you would not wish me to forget them ?' 'No.' ' Thank you !' And then, with another half-sob, he lecovered himself. ' Now we understand one another quite, so let as put' it all aside. What is done we cannot undo ; we would not H we could. Blood is thicker than water— especially with as Scotch— bat love is beyond all and stronger than all.' ''-'' ' When it is a righteous love. Ours wojild not have been such if it had made us do wrong. We did not do wrong. We had a right to marry if we chose. I* made us happv, and it harmed no human being.' Firm and fearless, holding the balance even, and as just to herself as she would have been to any other woman, Silence spoke not. Her voice soothed and strengthened him as if it had been the voice of his own conscience. ' ' You are right, as I ibink :yba always are. After all, if it comes to the point, a mai. must ? leave his father and mother and cleave unto his wife, and she will cleave to 'him ? even though he may try her a little. Do I ?' Man-like, he might have wished this fact denied; but Silence was too honest. : ; ' Yes, dear,' and just then, as they came ouY of the dark wood into the moonlight, her pale faced seemed to gain a sort of Aixliel like look, angelic sternness mingled with its sweetness. ' Yes,dear, you do try me very much some times, as no doubt I do you^as all .married peo ple must, more or less, try brie another f but 1 love you I' . ? ? . ' Do you ? I often wondered why,' Rode rick answered, with that almost child-like humility and doubt of himself which was so pathetic, so winning. ' I love because I honour, and. therefore I am afraid of nothing; because nothing conld make me cease to love, except ceasing to honour. Me, myself, you might forsake, wound torture, and if it were for conscience sake, I should accept it all, and love you through all. But, if ever I came to despise you-as seme woown M^ to .despise iheir husbands— pity might last, and duty; but love would go dead out, and no power on earth wonld light it up again. But now— but now — — ' ,. . ' She turned to him, her eyes shining with perfect trust-the very heart of love, ?ove rooted m righteousness. He turned, too, and clasped ber in his arms, with a passion such as even his lover-davs bad nerer lelt. Then^ir was the restless craving after uncertain bliss. Now it was the deep content of satisfied union, each finding in the other more and more -every day a perpetual refuge and rest. 'My mother told me I should'sooa 'get over my love for you— and many some other woman, who would do just as well. If it had been, and I had lost you, and had to live all my. life without you I But now— on, Silence! ymaljn the world should I do without you now?^ . ; .' r Without answering, she looked up at him a sudden, strangely earnest look. .Roderick, who had begun with a laugh; as if anxious to get back into the light commonplace of life once more, put his arm round heiv 'Are you tired? Let me help you I think I conld almost carry you; Lean'bnme. darling.' . ^ 'Yes: I always do.' And «-, half-led, half-carried— for she was evidently very weary— they came to their own door. ? ? ' What a pleasant door if seems !' Rode rick said, as they watched the long gleam from toe parlour window across the dark Jawn. 'I enjoyed Symington. - I like luxuries, as I like all pleasant things, bat I can do without them. Now, there are certain things I could Mordo without.' ? . ' What are they r' . 'A peaceful, sunshiny, orderly home, and a wife to love mfc' ' . , . . . - I _ She laughed tmernly. « Yes, tt is a .dear j ^om&if; TCcoald,onrygetmtoit.n For they | had found the door fastened— a rare fact— and bad been ringing and ringing, till at last' Janet aprjeared.scared.iuidiBurried: ' ! 'Have you been asleep, Janet? NofoWJ wrong? No ghosts frightening yoa?' said I Roderick Irindry. f -. ?. ?. ^ , ; j 'Na,na; but Ok leddy, she bade me steek I tbe door.' , . . . . ? I ? 'What lady?' I ' She came in a carriage, and said she was I come to Wde her*. She's been waiting in the! parioar these two hours. ? : 1 .Roderick went hasb- in^hts*rifela&owmi;' f rhere, stfll boneted and shawled, dressed I richly in velvet and far, but with a face so P tajwrd that ir ,was -no wonder even her! JoAer dnl not at fimjecognise herbal the I leaay. ...'...? : ; I ^tBdla!^ -..-v - ,.- li 'Yes, it's me ! You didn't know me. 1 1 oppose^ -.--,?-?.-'? ..- ~* j. « f&ar; Bell ! so glad to see you.' And be J te}t«verand kissed her aJectwoatdy. But] tdlannac bo response * I— !^top^jrtote,^^fe'45aa:«^ii«^dry tone. 'DonVbe too; glad toaseW^ Asif your wife firsts Fm not respectable, fvenm I away from my husband.*' .,;. : . Roderick started.' ' -:. , '.. ? .'.':.. ?' ' Not with a man^-oh no, thank you ! I've had enough of men'?— with the ghost of her old laugh—' only with a baby.' - She opened her fur doak and discovered |he white long clothes of a tiny—snch a very tiny —infant, with such an old, withered, ugly little face. Nevertheless, Silence sprang to it and took it in her arms. , ' Ph. you're.quite welcome, if iyoa want it. I don t, Aoogh it's my own,' said Mrs Thompson, with another laugh. «*A month ago, when it was bom, I bated the very sight of it, it was=so like its father. Now— well, I endure it, that's all 1 Isn't it a miserable scraD of a thing ?**'- * It certainly was ; but in an instant Silence, throwing off her wraps, had sat down to warm ?its skinny stone-Culd legs bv the fire, with a look on her face that even her husband had never seen before. ' ' She seems bora to be a mother, which I'm wre I never was; I always bated chBdren. They look exactly like yonng frogs or toads. No doubt this will tarn out a toad, and spit in my fece like— only it's a feminine, not a mascu line, article, thank goodness ! It can never grew up a man, like Aim.' ' Do you mean your husband ?' said Rode rick gravely. ??' To be sore. The man I was fool enough to marry. Why didn't my mother prevent me, as she tried to prevent your marriage? But mine was all right— or she thought so— as she thinks still. - I've got a handsome bouse, horses and carriages. Sutler, three footmen and a page. Didn't I dodge them ail cleverly? crept out in the dark of the afternoon, and took a tram — me; Mrs. Alexander Thomson — a com mon street tram— to the railway. What would Mr. Thomson have said ! Ha- ha-ha 1 I wish he knew it, if only just to vex him.' .-'Roderick sat down by bis sister, grieved' and sdtf. She was in such an excited state that be did not attempt a single question, but she went oil rapidly talking. 'What a hunt there'll be! Not that he care's for me, not two straws, but it isn't respec table to have one's 'wife running away. And they wiU think I have gone mad and killed the baby— be knew I bated it. Bat I'm not mad, I am quite in my sober senses, Rody— is that a noise? I told the girl to bolt the front door, somebody might come after me, though I don't think it. And they never would imagine I .had come here to you.' /'No,' said Roderick, with involuntary bitterness. ' Nevertheless,, I being still your brother, and you having chosen to take refuge with me, you are safe. Be satisfied.7' He laid his hand on ber shoulder — she was shaking from head to foot ; then untying her bonnet and doak, he made her lean back in the arm-chair. 'Tears started to Bella's eyes. 'Thank you; yon were always kind to me, Rody, and you have got used to women's ways, I see. But don't be uneasy, I shall not faint — I never do. I'm; tough like mamma, or I should have beerr killed long ago. He was such a brute — you've no idea. _ That is, when be was drunk. Sober, be is — wdl, only a fool ! I must have been blind — many silly girls are' — passing her hand wearily over her eyes — ' but oh, Rody, fancy, to wake up after a week or two and find yijurslf tied for life to a drunkard and a fool 1 A brute too, as I say. Roderick'— clutching him .by the arm — ' you, a man with a wife of youirown, and — yes, I know ! — would you be lieve that the very day before that poor little wretch was born, be— he struck me ?' ; Roderick sprang to his feet. ^ Don't get furious, you can do nothing, nobody can. It's only the drink. He's decent enough, just a fool at most, till he drinks, then he's a' devil ; and I hate him as I bate the devil, lik-right.' , J? Right or wrong, you must keep quiet^': sad the brother, himself making a violent effort at quietness and self-control. 'My w3e'— the instinctive appeal which nad be toiiie habitual now — ** my wife come here.' ?[ Silence came, with the small bundle, so piteously still, as if only half alive, in her arms ' she had been going in and out of the room with it while they talked. : *.' Yoor bed is quite ready. Come, sister!' :: Bella, occupied with herself and her brother, had apparently forgoiton her brother's wife. When Silence stood before her— the young mistress of the house, the woman with the womanly heart, which that forlorn babe seemed already 'to have found out, for it was fast asleep on its warm breast— Ibis other woman, the miserable fine ladv, tbe mother with thejunmotherly soul, was 'struck with a mingled peeling, half surprise, half compunc tipn. . , .V Yes, of course, we are sisters. But I th&ught; you would bate me — bate us all. It was Roderick I tan away to. I .never thought of you.' ? ^'That was natural. But now, all that are his are mine — as is ' also quite natural. Come.' , Bella grasped the offered hand .and rose, saying, with a feeble laugh, ' Rody, your wife must be an exceedingly good woman.' _ ' Cffov*3**sjiirt:. I hope.? .said he, trying to laugh as be hurried them away up-stalrs,' and sat down; over the fire, thankful to be alone. . ,.^ Most men .dislike srencs, be mace than most. The sight of ; his. sister, die sriond of her familiar voice.'even down to tbe old boyish pet name, which belonged exclusively to those early days^hts wire bad never used it— affected him deeply. ..-.-?....-.- Then, too, he was a man, with- all a. man's feeling about marital rights and duties. To finrj himself Jsi&teringa; run-awaywrae, though even Ins Own sister, was very distasteful. Still, every fcrotherly and manly emotion blazed up into righteous indignation at thought of Bella's wrongs. % ;t,~ -1-- ; . ' To .strike her-^actttal'y-strrke.hef ? Poor, pporgirl !. kttf.b*d been at hand^f she had bad a brother lo stand up for her 1' And again his tender conscience smote him, as if he bad ?nee x£' tatc'had boon of . itself an error. Should he resist now ? Seeing -that his sister bad come to him for refuge, should be not hide her, .that was impossible, nor, Sad it been pos sMc would, he hare stooped to^ot conceal ment— but Openlyprbtect her, against ber bus band,4ier|mother, and all4he5wpj[lda. -TO BEjCONTINDED.) 