THE LAUREL BUS& ? i JUS OLD-FASHIONED LOVE STORV; BV THE AOTHOR OF ' JOHN HALIFAX, . JGentleman.' 1 Part.— IV. (CONTINUED.) Unquestionably Miss Williams did well in retiring to her chamber and locking the door before she opened the letter. It is a mistake to suoDose that at thirtv-five or forty— K-r what age ? — women cease to feel. I once was walk ing with an old maiden lady, talking of a char acter in a book. ' He reminded me,'she sail ' of the very best man I ever knew, whom I saw a good deal of when a little girl ;' and to the natural question, was he alive, she an swereJ, *? Jfa ; he died while he was sli.'l yonn«;.'' Her voice kept its ordinary tone, b.i, there came a slight nosh on the cheek, a sudden quiver over tiie .vhile withered lace — she wa some years past seventy — and I felt. I could no say another word. ' Nor shall I say a word now ol Fortune Williams, when she had read through and wholly taken in the contents of this letter. Life began for her again — life on a new and yet on the. old lusis ; for it was still waiting, waiting — she seemed to be among those whose lot it is to 'stand and wait' all their diys. But it was not now in that absolute darkness and silence which it used to be. She kneyf that in all human probability Robert Roy wa alive still so mi where, and hope could, nevei wholly Jie out of the world so iong as he «a. in it. ,His career too, if not prosperous ip woiilly things, nad been one to make 'any hear' that loved him content — content and - proud. Eor if he had failed in his fortunes, was it noi from which she would most have wished him to do — the right, at all costs ? Nor had he quite forgotten her, since even so late as five years back he had been making enquiries aboin her. Also, he was unmarried. But human .nature is weak, and human hearts are -o 'lin^ry sometimes. ' Oh, if he had only loved me, and told me so !' she said sometimes, as piteously as fifteen years ago. Bat the tears which followed were not, as then, a storm of passionate despair only a quiet, sorrowful rain. For what could she do ? Nothing. Now, as ever, her part seemed just to fold her hands and endure. If alive, he might be found some day ; but now she could not find him — Ob, if she could ! Had she been the man and be the woman — nay, had she been still herself, a poor lonely governess, having to earn every crumb of her own bitter bread, yet knowing that tie loved her,. might not things have been different? Had she belonged to hiip, they would never have lost one another. She would have sought him, as Evangeiine sought Gabriel, half tb'e world over. I .,.: And little did her two girls imagine as they called her do wstairs that night, secretly wonder - ingwhit important basinesscould make 'Auntie' keep tea waiting fully five minutes, and set htr after tea to read some of the ' pretty poetry;' especially Longfellow's, which they had a fancy for, — little did they think, those two happy creatures, listening to their middle-aged gp verness, who read so well that sometimes her voice actually faltered over the lines, how thefe was being transacted' under their very eyes ja story whichinits 'constant anguish of patience' was scarcely less pathetic than that of Acadia. For nearly a year after that letter came, the little family of which Miss Williams was the head, went on its innocent quiet way, always planning, yet never making a change, until at last fate drove them to it. Neither Helen nor Janetta were very healthy girls, and at last a London doctor gave as his absolute Eat that they must cease to live in their warm inland village, and migrate, for some years at any rate, to a bracing seaside place. ' Whereupon David Dalziel, who bad some how established himself as the one masculine adviser of the family, suggested St. Andrews. Bracing enough it was, at any rate : he remem bered the winds used almost to cut his nose off. And it was such a nice place too — so pretty, with such excellent society. He was sure the young ladies would find it charming. Did Miss Williams remember the walk by the shore, andUtjej'olfitig across the Links ? ' Quite as well as you could have done, at the early-*ge ol seven,' she suggested, smiling. ,,** Why/are you so very anxious we 'should go 'to live at St. Andrews ?' . . . ; * The young fellow blushed all over his kindly eager face, aad then frankly owned he had a motive. His grandmother's cottage, which |he ?hstdleft to him! the youngest and* her pet always, was now unlet. He meant perhaps to go and live at it himself, when — when he was of age and could afford it; but in the mean time he was a poor solitary bachelor ; and — and — . '? . . i ' And you would like us to keep your nest warm tor you till you can claim it ? You want us for your tenants, eh, David ?' ' Just that. You've hit it. Couldn't wish better. In fact, I have already written to my. trustees to drive the hardest bargain pos sible.' Which was an ingenious modification of the truth, as she afterwards found ; but evi dently the lad had set his heart upon the thing. ami she ? ' I At first she had shrunk back from the plan with a shiver almost of fear. It was like having to meet face to face something — some one — long dead. To walk among the ? old familiar places, to see the old familiar sea and shore, nay, to live in the very same house, haunted, as houses are sometimes, every room and every nook, with ghosts — yet wfch such in nocent ghosts — Could she bear it? There are soracpeople who nave an actual ? terror of the past — who ihe moment a thing o%a|es t& -bVpleasviable, fly from it, would M'pugly' bifry it out' of sight lor .ever. Bat * others have no fear of their harmless dead — deadUhppes, memories, loves— can sit by a -grave-side, or iq6k behind them at a dim spec * tral shape, without grief, without dread only with tenderness. This woman could. After a long wakeful night, spent in very 1 'serious thought for every one's good, not ex cluding her own — since there is a certain point beyond which one has no right to forget cne ' self, and perpetual martyrs rarely make very 'pleasant heads of Iamilies— she said to her t girls next motning. that she. thought' -David . DaLriel's brilliant idea had a great deal of sense in it ; St. Andrews was a very nice place, and the cottage there would exactly -suit their finances, while the tenure upon which he pro . posed they should hold it (from term to term) would also fit i.i with their uadecidea future ; because, as all knew, whenever Helen or Janetta married, each would just take her for tune and go, leaving Miss Williams with . her kittle legacy; above want certainly, but not exactly a millionaire. IC\ .These and other points she set before them in her practical fashion, just as if her heart did .; ? not leap— sometimes with pleasure, sometimes * wkh pain— at the very thought of St. Andrews, and as if to see herself sit daily and hourly face to face with her old self, the ghost of her ? Own youth, would be a quite easy thing.' The girls were deligted. They Jeftiall to ,, Auntie, as was their habit to do. Burdens naturaUly fall upon the shoulders fitted for f; them, and which seem to have a faculty for drawing .them down there. Miss Williams's new duties had developed in her a whole range of new qualities, dormant during her governess lite. Nobody knew better than she how to manage a. house and guide a family. The girls v£Oon felt that Auntie mighUiave been another all her days, she was so thoroughly motherly ; and they gave up everything into her hands. 'Andfil t Joe a run over to see you as soon as thev long' vacation begins, just to teach the young ladSesigolfing. Mr. Roy taught all us -oys, you know ; and we'll take that very walk le used to take us, across die Links and along he sands to the Eden. Wasnk it the river Eden, Miss Williams? I am sure I remember It. I think I am very good at remembering.1? 'Very.' . . , .. -; \ ? Other people were. also 'good at.remenv bering.' During the first few weeks after they settled down at St. Andrews, the girls noticed that Auntie became excessively pale, and was sometimes quite 'distrait' and be* wildered-looking, which was little wonder, considering all she had to do and to arrange: But she got better in time. The cottage was so sweet, the sea so fresh, the whole place so charming. Slowly Miss Williams's ordinary ;--iks returned — ihe 'good' looks which her girls energetical iy protested she had now, it never before. . They never allowed her to con f :ss herself old by caps or shawls, or any of those pretty temporary hindrances to the march of Time. She resisted no* ; she let them dress her as they pleased, in a reasonable way, for she felt they loved her ; and as to her agei, why, she knew it, and knew that nothing could alter it, so what did it nuVec She smiled^ and tried to look as nice and oung as she could, for her girl's sake. : I suppose there such things as broken or breaking hearts/even at St. Andrews, but it is certainly not a likely place for them. They have little chance against the fresh exhilarating air, strong as new wine, the wild sea-waves, the soothing san:ls, giving with health of body wfaolesomeaess of mind. By-and-by the busv world recovered its old face to Fortune Williams —not the world as she once dreamed of it, but the real world, as she had fought through it all Liiese years. ; ' I was ever a fighter, so one fight more !' as she read sometimes in the ' pretty' poetry her girls were always asking for — read steadily, even when she came to the last verse in that passionate ' Prospice :' — '-?'??? -? ? ' ' Till, sudden, the worst turns the best to the brave; The blade minute's at end ; And the elements rage, the fiend voice that rave : Shall dwindle, shall blend, Shili change, shall become first a peace, then a joy, Then a. light— then thy breast, O thou soul of my soul ! I shall clasp thee again, Aad with Fod be the rest !' \ ; To that life to come — during all the burden and heat of the day (no. the afternoon, a time^ faded, yet hot and busy still, which is often a very trying bit of woman's life) she now often begun yearningly to look. To meet him again! even in old age, or with death between, was her only desire. Vet she did her duty still} and enjoyed all she could, knowing that one by one the years were hurrying onwards, anrj the night coming, ' in which no man can work.' ; Faithful to his promise, about the middle ol July David Dalziel appeared, in overflowing spirits, having done very well at college] He was such a boy still in character an| behavior ; though — as he carefully informed the tamily — now twenty-one and a man, ex pecting to be treated as such.^ He was their landlord too, and drew up the*agreement in his own . name, meaning to a lawyer, and having enough to live on — something Letter than bread and salt, ' till I can earn a fortune, as I certainljr mean to do, some day.' ? j And he looked at Janetla, who looked' down on the parlor carpet— as young people wilt. Alas ! I fear that the eyes of her anxious friend and governess Were not half wide enough open to the fact that these young folk were np longer boys and girls, and that things might happen — in fact, almost certain to happen r which had happened to herself in her youth — making Hie not quite easy to her, as it seemad to be to these two bright girls. I Yet they were so bright, and their relations with David Dalziel were so frank and free — in fact, the young - fellow himself was such ja thoroughly good fellow, so very difficult to shit her door against, even if she had thought of so doing. But she did not. She let him conic and go, ' miserable bachelor' as he proclaimed himself, with all his kith and kin across the seas, and cast not a thought to the future, or to the sad necessity which sometimes occurs to parents and guardians — of shutting the stable door after the steed is stolen. ' j Especially as, not long after David appeared, there happened a certain thing — a very small thing to all but her, and yet to her it was, for the time being, utterly overwhelming. lit absorbed all her thoughts into one maddened channel, where they writhed and raved and dashed themselves blindly against inevitable fate. For the first time in her life this patient woman felt as if endurance were not the right thing ; as if wild shrieks of pain, bitter outcries against Providence, would be somehow easier, better : might reach His throne, so that evjen now He might listen and hear. ! The thing was this. One day, waiting for. some one beside the laurel-bush at her gate— the old familiar bush, which used to drag ion the gravel, now covered the path entirely — she overheard David explaining to Janetta how jhe and his brothers and Mr. Roy had made }he wooden ? letter-box, which actually existed still, though in very ruinous condition. j *' And ? no wonder, after fifteen years and more. It is fully that old, isn't it. Miss Wil liams ? You will have to superanuate it shortly, and return to the old original letter-box— jmy letter-box, which I remember so well. I! do believe I could find it still.' { Kneeling down, he thrust his band through the thick baricade of leaves, into the very heart of the tree. ' { ' I have found it. I declare Fve found' it ; the indenticd hole in the trunk where I qsed to put all my treasures — my ' magpie's nest,' as , they called it, where I hid everything I could find. What a mischievous young scamp I was I' ; ' Very,' said Miss Williams affectionately, laying a gentle hand on his curls—' pretty' still, thougL cropped down to the frightful modern fashion. Secretly she was rajhei proud of him, this tall young fellow, whoinTshe had had on her lap many a time. | __ ' Curious ! it all comes back to me — even to the very last thing I hid here, the day before we left — which was a letter.' ? ' A letter !' — Miss Williams slightly started —'what letter?' -. 'One I found lying under the laurel-bush, quite hidden by its leaves. It was all soaked with rain ; I dried it in the sun, and then pui it into my letterbox, telling nobody, for 1 meant to deliver' it myself at the halt door, with a loud ring— -an English postman's ring. Our Scotch one used to blow his horn you re member?' ; ; ' Yes,' said Miss Williams. She was lean ing against the fatal bosh, pale to the verj lips, but her veil was down ; nobody saw. 'What sort of letter was it, David? Whc wasjkto?. Did yon notice the hand-writing -'? '*Why,t was«uch a little fellow,' and h; looked up in wonder and slight concern. ' How could I remember? Some letter thai somebody had dropped, perhaps, in taking 1 the rest out of the box. It could not matter— certainly not now. .You would bring imj 'youthful misdeeds up ugainst'me, would you ?' And he turned op a half .comical, half pitifol face. : Fortune's first impulse — what was it? She hardly knew. But her second was that safest, easiest thing— now grown in the habit and refuge of her whole life — silence. 'No, it certainly does not matter now.' A deadly sickness came over- her. -What il this letter was Robert Roy's, asking her thai question which, he said, no man ought ever to ask a woman twice ? And she bad never seen it — never answeed it. So, of course, he went away. Her -whole life — nay, two whole lives — had been destroyed, and by a mete accident — the aimless mischief of a child's innocent hand. She could never prove it, but it might have been so. And alas, alas. God, the merd iul God, had allowed it to be so. -? . . Which is ihe worst, to wake up suddenly and find that oar life has beat wrecked bp bur -wn folly, mistake, or si* or thai ithasT-een lone for us, either directly by the hand of Providence, or indirectly by some innocent ly, possibly not innocent, but the intentional band? In both cases, the agony is equally sharp — the sharper because irremediable. All these thoughts, vivid as lightning, and as rapid, darted through poor Fortune's brain during the few moments that she stood with her hand on David's shoulder, while he drew from his magpie's nest a heterogeneous mass of rubbish— pebbles, snail-shells, bits of glass and cbica, fragments, even, of uruken toys. ' Just look there ! What ghosts of my cBildhoocf. as people would say! Dead and buried, though.' And he laughed merrily —he in the full tide and glory of his y-uth. Fortune Williams looked down on his happy facer— this tad that really loved her, would not have hurt her for the world ; and her determi nation was made. He should never know any thing. Nothing should ever know anything. The: dead and buried of fifteen years ago must be dead and buried for ever. 'David.' she said, *? just out of curiosity, pat your hand down to the very bottom of that hole, and see if you can fish up the mysterious letter.' * Then she waited, just as one would wait at the edge of some long-clos*^ . ve, to see if the dead could possibly -t . med as our dead, even if but a handful^ unhonoured . bones. ? * . . No, it was not possible. Nobody could ex- pect:it, after such a lapse of time. Something David pulled out — it might be paper, it might be rags. It was too dry to be moss or earth, but no one could have recognised it as a letter. 'Give it me,' said Miss Williams, holding ' out her hand. David put the little heap of rubbish therein. She ^regarded it a moment, and then scattered it on the gravel — 'dust to dust,' as we say in our funeral service. But she said noth ing. J At that moment the young people they were waiting for came to the other side of die gate, clubs in hand, David and the two Miss Mos eleyg had by this time now become perfectly mad for golf, as in the fashion of the place. They proceeded across the Links, Miss Wil liams accompanying them, as in duty bound. But 'she said she was 'rather tired,' and, leaving them in charge of another chaperone— if chaperbnes are ever wanted, or needed, in thos£ merry Rinks of St Andrews — came home alone. 