TALE. I Two Ways of Asking, Miss Dnlly's Lchhoii In Love. ' Tears, idle tears ! Niobo dissolved : My dear ohild, what on earth is tho matter ? ' Timo: Four of a summer afternoon. Place : A protty boudoir, furnished in tho fashion of to -day, modelled on tho style of LouiB Quinze, with a dash of 4 Liberty* thrown in, and modorn*'acceS3oriea, such as crystal flower vases, thrco-volumo novels, and photograph stands, juxtaposed with Queen Anno silver and kniok-nack3 ancient and modern. Dramatis Persontc : A graceful figure in whito, flung with an air of deso lation on the floor beside a sofa, her oharm ine: nuquo visible beneath delicious little rows of golden curls, hor framo shakon by sobs ; an older woman standing a fow yards distant, dark, boautifully dressed, 4 good looking'enough for anything ' without being distinctly haudeomo, aged somewhere within tho right side of thirty, and wearing an ex pression half compassionate, half amused. Thero is a tuspioion of raillery in her voioe, which is felt aud deeply jresoutodjay tho fair sorrower. Anger is often akin to sorrow as pity'is to lovo, and tho voico which responds to tho question when reiterated is decidedly potulant. 4 1 wish you would go away and leave me alone.' 4 1 shall not do anything of tho sort,' re turns tho other. ' I am going to talk to you, and I do not [care in) tho least whether yon are angry or'not, although I had muoh|rather you would take my remarks in good part.' 1 Oh,' responds tho voice, still smotherod in tho sofa cushions, Abut losing nothing of its resentful quality. ^1 know how clever you aro, and that you think that yon can manago every ono's affairs a great deal better than themselves.' 4 Sho intends this to bo a 4 nasty one,' and, as a matter of fact, it does not fall very pleasantly on tho ears of her interlocutor; but she sits down on the sofa and replies', with good humor : 4 Well, my lovo, I may con fidently say that I could manage your affairs a great deal better than yon manago thom .yourself, and'thatjif I wero you I would have Mr. Clement Luscelles at my feet in a very short timo.' 4 Perhaps you havo him there^no.v ! ' says tho prostrato one, ceasing to sob and trying to sneer instead. 4 Well, Djlly dear, to[tell^you the truth, I fail myt-elf to rccognize in that young man tho v harm which T observe he has ;for — for some people ; indeed, I consider him a poseur, with an exasperatingly good opinion of him self, and, if you ask my candid opinion, I think thathc_would be all tho better for being kic — ' Dorothy flounces up in a moment. ' I will trouble you not to insultjmy friends,' sho cries, with flaming cheeks. 4 And it is not very easy to believe your sincerity when] he was sitting in your pookot all last night, and you wero out walking withjhim for two hours this morning.' 4 In any case,' Mrs. Dalton coolly, 'your remarks prove that I havo had time and opportunity to forman opinionof his qualities. I don't deny that he is good-looking, but it is intolerable that he should bo so conscious of it. I admit that he is not without a certain amounVof cloverness, and has been fairly educated'; but I violently object to his thinking himself able to fiifc in judgment on people a good deal older and cleverer than himself.' 4 On you, for instance ! ' cried Dolly. 4 No, I was not thinking of myself, though I admit the soft impeachment (the ono re garding my ago, at lea&t;) ; and what I dis like most of all is his placing himself on a pedestal to bo looked at and longed for by — by pretty, silly little girls, who ought to know better.' Dolly|stiffens her back, aud says, with an assumption of dignity which sits indifferently well upon her, 'If you will excuse me, I should prefer not discussing Mr. Lascellcs with you. You aro perfectly welcome to your opinion of him, aud I claim tho liberty of retaining mine.' Then, her majesty suddenly toppling over, she says viudictively, in quite a different tono of voico, * Perhaps you think I am suoh a fool that I don't see through your mean abu&o; of him ? ' ' That I may wiu and wear him myself ? ' suggests Mrs. Dalton, quite guod humorcdly. 'No, my dear audj acute child, believo me, you havo not fatnomed and unmasked my baseness this; time. I know your dear and sensitive littlo heart is set upon thia fasci nating young man. I don't think thero is really any harm iu him,rand I am magnani mous enough to be ready to show you how to obtain his affections, and to make him the suppliant instead of you.' 4 Suppliant ! ' cried Dolly, with fresh flames from hor burning heart ascending to her oheeks. 4 Yes, suppliant. Every one, my lovo, can see— ho most of all — how you hang upon his smiles, and despair when ho is indifferent or capricious.' Wrath makos Dolly absolutely speechless. If looks, etc., Mrs. Dalton would, efo. ' Don't bo a goose, Dolly,' resumes her friend, not having suffered any visible injury from the lightning glances to which sho has been subjected. 'Keep your temper and reap tho advantages of my superior ago and experience.' * Keep them to yourself ! ' retorts Dolly, tartly. 4 Tho first I must, whothei or no, but the latter shall be yours. Como, dear child, you know I am fond of you ; believe me when I say I would not havo your onchanter at a gilt, and, also, that I am desirous to seo him subjugated by you. Ho shall bo yours, I promiso, and I willonlymako ono condition.' Dolly seats herself on tho sofa, and allows Mrs. Dalton to tako hor hand, though sho looks rather sulky. Still, sho does, poor littlo girl, regard Mr. Clement Lascellcs as tho first prizo in tho marriage lottoiy, and is willing to tako upon herself his part of the contract ; to worship him with her body, and endow him with all her worldly goods. Por in a small way sho is an heiress, though ho is not destitute of inonoy, and has au ex cellent position. Truth to tell, the young man is not what is called 4 a bad sort'; ho has good looks, good brains and good man ners, when ho is not egged on to tako liborties by tho silly flatteries of tho other sex. Poor Dolly loves him madly, and has innocently shown hor pleasuro in his notice and her sufferings at his negleot. Mr*. Dalton having paused to give duo effeot to hor words, Dolly, after a^moment is constrained to say rather sulkily, ' Well ! ' ' Yon must take tho vow firat.' 4 What vow ? ' with latent irritation. 4 The vow jevor to tell any human being — Mr. LascolleB least of all — that I, or, for tho matter of that, 'any ono, advised you how to act toward him.' 1 Oh, of course, I promise.' 4 Promises aro like pie-crust,' roplies Mrs. Dalton ; thon, with an air of great solemnity, sho goes to a small bookcase at tho end of tho room, and conies baok with a Biblo. 'You must ki*.s tho book,' sho says. 4 Oh, no,' ericd dolly, frightonod. Por sho sho knows that she never kept a Beerot in hor lifo, and is terrified at being put on an oath which sho may broak in spito of herself, a fow hours later. 4 Well,' says Mrs. Dalton, firmly, 'do you want him or do you not ? ' 4 Yes,' cries Dollv, ttitli tears in her eyes. 'I do.1 ' Then kiss tho book.* | 4 But how do I know thore is anything in ! what you aro going to tell mo P ' eays doubt ! ing Dolly. 'Becauso.'I say ' so. Do I not know the woild and men ? ' Dolly takes tho book, trembling. 1 What am I tojVay ? ' sho faltors. 4 Say : 4 1 swear not to tell Clement Lae oelles, or any other person, that Marian Dalton advised me how to win his affeo I tions.* 99 ? | With a sudden desperate gesture Dolly | kisses the book and repoata tho formula 1 Now, then J ' sho cries excitedly. Mrs. Dalton takes up hor parable. ' Clement is^roally fond of you — ho would be exceedingly fond of you, if you only allowed him.' 4 If I allowed him ! ' gasps^DolIy. ^ ' Yes,' repeats her adviser. 4 By allowing him I don't mean throwing yourself at his hoad find showing him that you adoro him; but by making him doubt your lovo and his wWn capacity for pleasing you. Difforont men ^ want different treatment. Thero is nothing so dolightful to somo as to see and know that a woman caros for thom— it adds ten-fold to^thoir dovotion for her*; but I am bound tojiay theso mon are in the minority. Most of them aro far moro stimulated by doubts and foars — tho woman becomes more dear as shojseoms moro distaut, and, as a rule, when a man is literally crazy about ono of our sex, it is because sho has worried and tormented him and kept him on a perpetual balance between hope and fear. Now you, and others like you, hayo so hung upon Clement Lascellos' looks and words, havo so positively shown him that ho is a great being, has a lofty intellect, a rival to Apollo, that it is not likely ho is coming off his pedestal to worship his worshipers. Your only ohanco, ray dear, is to adandon your worship ; to counterfeit indifference as best you may, and to let a gradual aud startling oonviotion oomo over him that you wero not really in earnest, after all.' ' It is very easyjto talk,' pouts Doll. 4 It is very easy to aot, too,' returns Marian, 4 if you aro. positively certain that your plan of campaign is going to be successful.' 4 How do I knoWnthat it will be ?' 4 Try it for twenty-four hours, and aeo how it works.' 4 But I don't know what I am to do.* 4 You must be absolutely guided by me, and net aot for one^moment on your own respon sibility.' 4 1 daresay it will turn out all wrong,' says Dolly, ungraci msly, 4 and that I shall lose him altogether.' 4 All right,' replies Mrs. Dalton, losing patience and rising from her seat. 4 Do as you like. After all, what on earth does it matter to mo whether you are happy or miser able ? Go your own way.' Dolly springs up and catches her by the arm. ' No, no, Marian, don't go; don't bo angry. I will do whatever you tell me.' 4 Then hearken and oboy. Diok Wyndham is coming to-night. You know ho is rather fond of you. Talk to him, and to him only, all the eveuing. Do not glance in Mr. Lascellcs' oir«otion ; I will keep my eye on him, and report to you how he takes it. If he approaches you in tho evening look bored and distrait, and reply to him by monsyl lables.' 4 1 shall never be able to do it,' groans Dolly. jNot with suoh a big stake to win?' (a littlo sarcastically.) 4 Ah ! you don't know what it is to love !' cries Dolly. 4 Not as you do, certainly,' retorts Marian, with an inflection of voice of which Dolly is not acute enough to catch. Dick Wyndam arrives in time for dinnor. He is rather fond of Dolly— he is exceedingly hard up, and wants her money oven more than her sweet self. Ho ia bright and amusing, has a considerable fund of small talk, is devoted to sport, and has not Mr. Lascelles' {esthetic taste of lofty manner of showing superiority. He has a genuine contempt for a man who talks art and plays classical music, as Mr. Lascelles hag for ono who thinks of nothing but hunting, lawn-tennis and polo, though ho rid.s fairly straight and is an average shot himself. Not a little disgusted is Xascelles, therefore, when Dolly, whose sorrowfulness and ita causo have greately soothed his complacency for the last twenty-four hours, seems to have eyes and ears for no ono but this half-witted soldier at dinner. She is looking charming in a dress of a delicious apricot tint, which ho has not seen beforo (he is a great connoisseur of dress) ; if ho could only catch her eyo, ho would beam on her one of thoso glances which would have intoxicated her maiden soul. But whereas it has been his wont to meet her tender, plead ing glances every two minutes heretofore, to* night he might be 4 Banquo's gh„st, and she ono of' 4Macbeth's, guests, for all sho seems to seo him. His memory serves him up various sneering and savago quotations on the theme of xoHventfvmme varic. Ho is so little con genial to his neighbor r.t dinner that sho expresses tho most unfavorable sentiments rogarding him in the drawing-room later on, causimr Dolly to halt betweou tho desire to defend him hotly, and a sense of pleasure that some ono beside herself hus suffered from his coldness. Mra. Dalton makes a pretext for calling Dolly aside. J Excellent, my love !' she cries, in high good hum -r, pressing tho girl's arm. 4 He is onraged beyond measuro. He scarcely took his eyes off you. Go on and prosper !' Thus stimulated, Dolly goes on, and pros pers exceedingly. When Mr. Lascelles and Dick approach simultaneously sho devotes ber wholo attention to tho latter, and hap scarcely a word for the former, who presently retires in tragic dudgeon, and leans against the wall looking like 'Hamlet,' Lord Byron, or any other blighted being in the sulks. In reality Dick is tho persou most to bo pitied, although his face is alight wifh smiles and his heart aglow with anticipations of possessing a lovely woman, and satisfying tho debtors who, metaphorically speaking, tako him by the throat, crying, 4 Pay mo what thou owest !' Innocont creature that he is, he euspeots no treachery, nor dreams that that milk-white bosom palpitates for tho ( infernal young prig ' ovor the way. Dolly will play billiards and lawn-tennis with him on tho morrow; in the nfternoon they are to ride together, and as ho sits tmoking, after the ladies havo retired, he reflects on tho most approved method of asking a certain question. TJp to this moment Clement Lascelles has not seon any necessity for putting his fate to the touch, because ho had beou absolutoly ccrtaiu of winning; but now that for tho first timo ho has a rival, a rival who is progressing by leaps and bounds in his lady's favor, he sees that somothing must bo done. He cannot hayobeen befooled. She loves him or — or he, tho adept at reading tho secrets of souls, must for once havo bequ deluded. Perish the thought! With gloomy brow and stately step ho re tires from the smoking-room and seeks tho solitude of his chamber, but not his couch. Tho dawn has long broken ore ho courts ro poso. 'Marian !' ories Dolly, a few hours later, bursting into her friend's room whilst that lady — no early risor at the best of times— still nestles among her pillows, 'read this!* and sho seats herself on the bed in a state of great excitement, whilo Mrs. Dalton languidly poruscs tho letter thrust into her hands. 4 1 call it a great irapertinonce,' sho remarks, returning to Dolly. 4 Impertinonco !' with wido-open eyes. 4 Certainly,' and Mrs, Dalton, taking it baok, qnotcs from it : t* 4 Though I canuot pretend to offer you the ono groat passion of a life — sad passages beyond the ken of other mortals havo tarni shed llio puro lustor which onco surrounded ray soul as with a halo — yet, if you will tako a heart weary with tho sorrows of tho ages, dimmed by tho darkling doubts with whioh an inlinWo knowledge of humanity olouds thosph i', tako mo to your tender breast and let rao find shelter thero from life's griefs and disappointment?. What recomponso a heart blighted as mino has been can bestow I will strivo to make to your angelic sympathy and goodness.' ' * Is it not beautiful ? ' orios Dolly, in an ecstasy. 4 1 wondor what he means ? I sup poso some horrid woman threw him over once ? ' 4 1 think it is exceedingly impertinent, and I hope you will resent it.' ' Resent it ! ' almost shrioks Dol ly . 4 Why, it is a declaration ! ' 4 Get me my blotting-book off the . table,' oommands Mrs. Dalton resolutely. 4 Now,' sho says^ beginning to write, ' von will answer it in this way or I wash ui j Js of you, and^ to-morrow he will havo reduced you to abjeot misery again,' Sho writes hurriedly for a few minutes, an then, 'with heightened color/ reads the draft aloud : Dear Mr. Lascelles — I havo reooived your melauoholy letter, and am truly sorry for all you seem to havo suffored. But, for my part, I look upon the world as a very pleasant placo, and havo mado up my mind to enjoy myself as muoh as possiblo ; so, as I could not^consolo you, ana you, with the ideas you oxpresg, would mako mo mi^erablo, I think you had much bettor look for somo body whoso temperament is moro liko yonr own. I suppose you mean ine to understand that you havo been muoh moro in love with somo one elso than yon aro with mo, which, to say tho loast, is not %ery flattoring. No ! I must have an undivided heart, or nouo at all. Your sinoero friend. D. S. Thero is a desperate fight between Mrs. Dalton and Dolly beforo tho latter can bo persuaded to copy and forward what sho considers a heartless and flippant missive. In the end^Mariati triumph*. Mr. Lascelles does not appear at breakfast, and Dolly, though her soulfquakes within hor, laughs and talks to Dick. Liter in tho morning, when they are play iog lawn tennis, Clement Lascelles, feeling muoh smaller than ho had ovcrdono in his lifo, seeks counsel from Mrs. Dalton. With an angelio srailo [she alternately brioks^him with daggers and makes him gulp down bowls of poison ; but hho^'does him -an {ex cellent turn by taking a; good doal of non sense out of him. Ho confesses that ho adores Dolly. How, Oh how, is ho to win her? Has ho tho ghost of a'chanco? Mw. Dalton, lookiog^solemn, 'declares her inability to reply to this. Sho hints at Dolly's youth and lovo of amusomenfr. She hint», too, at Dick's unflagging good spirits and temper. And ti-o upshot of it is that when Dick returns crestfallen, fcom^his afternoon rido with Dolly, having spoken and received his answer, Clement Liscolles carries off the young lady to her boudoir on pretenco of wanting to bo shown somothing, and, replac ing the melancholy of ' Hamlet ' by tho con quering airs of young 'Lovelace,' takos her in his arms, sweara ho has been a fool, and has nover really loved any ono but her sweet self, and that if she accepts him hor shall be one round of pleasure. Twenty minutes later, Dolly has passed on all his embraces and more to Marian. 4 How clever you are, ^darling !' she says admiringly. To whioh Mrs. Dalton replies, 4 Now you know how to manage him make good use of your knowledge.* — London World. 