The General Election. METROPOLITAN ITEMS. Sir Thomas M "wraith, with Mr. M. B. Gannon, will address the electors of Toombul I in tho new publie hall, Albion, this evening. Mr. E. J. Stevens will address the electors at Beenleigh this evening at bali'-piist 7 o'clock. Mr. John Watson will meet the electors of Fortitude Valloy in tho State school, Leich hardt-strost, this oveuing. Mr. C. H. Buzacott will address tho elootors of Oxley ut the Divisional Board Office, Taringa, this evening. Messrs. S. W. Brooks and J. M'Mastor will address tho Valloy elootors in tho State school, near Bowen Hills, this oyeniug. Mr. Burns will address tho eleotora in the Toowoug Sohool of Arts this oveuing. Sir S. W. Griffith will addreis the electors of North Brisbano in the Oddfellows' Hall, Cax ton-street, on Wodnosday evening, and in the Courier Hull on Friday evening next. Mr. Diokson will addross the Toombul electors in tho Albion Hull on Wednesday evening, at half-past 7 o'clock. Mr. J. H. Burns announces his retirement, in favour of Mr. G. E. Cooper, from his candi- dature for Toowong. Mr. M. B. Gannon addressed tho electors of Toombul at Stophens's store, Enoggera, last ovoniug. Mr. Buller occupied the chair. Fully 150 electors woro present. At the conclusion of the mooting Mr. Gannon expressed his hearty thanks to tho electors for tho way thoy lind roceivod him and tho good hearing they liad given him. The chairman invited anyone dosirous of asking questions of tho candidato to do so. Aftor two or three being answered satisfactorily, Mr. Carrol proposed, and Mr. Bukor seconded, a voto of coulidenco in Mr. Gannon, whioh wus carried without dissmt. After threo cheors for Sir Thomas M-IUvniith and tlirao for tho chairman (ho meeting tot-minuted. Tho secretary of Sir Thomits M'llwi-uith's committeo announces that Mr. George Gibbs is tho only candidato for Enoggera recognised by Sir Tilomas. NORTH BRISBANE. Mit. W. lillOOKKS AT I'll!! COUIIIKU ILu.ti. Mr. William Brookes, one of tho candidat CB for North Brisbano, addressed the eluctors at tho Courier Hull last oveuing. Thcro was a very large ntlenduuce, and among thoso on the platform wero Sir S. "W. Grifhtli, Hon. H. Jordan, Messrs. J. F. Horsley, 11. J. Oxloy, E. Parr Smith, S. Fraser, Thoa. Morrow, J. li. Drake, and others. Tho chair was occupied by Alderman John KENNEDY, who introduced the candidato to tho meeting after having spoken highly on his bohalf. Mr. BROOICKS, who was received with loud applause, asked fur tho indulgeneu uf his hearers us his voice was not voiy stroug, and would not, ho wus afraid, bo heard at tho back of the hull. Ho regarded that largo meoling ¡is a compliment to Sir Samuol Griffith rather than to himself-(cheers)-and would ucuopt it as an assured sign of tho return of tho two Liboral candidates for North Brisbano on Saturday. (Choors.) Tho first question ho would refor to was that of oooliu labour, to which ho waa thoroughly opposed. It wus a blot on tho body politic, and should elicit, llioir hearty condemnation., (Choois.) Ho rogardod it as laying iho axe to tho vory root of our social economy, as well as loading to tho shrinkago of our trado und commerce, and u deadly blow at tho value of city and suburban land ; for at no placo whoio uulourod lubpnr was to bo found, would thuy findsmuh a land market as wo had hore. (Cheers.) Tho next matter of importance to tho colony was that of promoting a variety of industries among us. (Cheei-b.) In turning to the riebest cofiutrios in tho woild, eountiies distinguished for thoir opulence und stability, ho lound they woro those whioh did not export (heir raw material, but whiwh imported raw matoi-ial and exportod tho manufactured article. The establishment of factories among us would give em- ployment to our BOUB and naturully also to our daughters. lOhoers.) lu bin address ho had spokou disparagingly of froo- trudo, but ho (.poko what ho thought. (Cheors.) It was tho maxim of tho Free- trader to pay as litüo as lie could for anything and got as much us possible for it. Ho bolioved that principio carno irom tho father of HOB-(choois and laughter)-and ho did not beliovo tlioro was anybody who acted it out fairly in his daily life. (Cheers.) When tho villugo Hottlpmoiit schema was firßt brought into iho HOUHO it was not at all popular, but it was tuljen up outsido ; and ¿uo of tho results was that wo had got tho best Minister for Lands that this colony had ovor soon. (Cheers and laughter.) "Whatever might be said by opposito parties, tho very boBt Lund Bill wo had ever had was that of 1884. A mun with a moderato capital could commonco opera- tions far moro successfully than if ho had to pay outright for tho lund and perhaps to start with a bunk overdraft. Ho wishod to explain iu tho best way ho could, tho sot of clroumsturices which caused Min to bo misunderstood to some oxtont In tho llouso and out ol' it. Though ho took it vory kindly his colleague, tho Premier, was rathor sur- prised at the stand ho (Mr. Brookes) had taken with rogurd to tho Naval Dofouco Dill. (Loud applause.) He would explain to thom how it was. Tlioro was a Land Tax Bill on at tho Barno limo. Ho hold this opinion, and tho Opposition also held it, and ho roally did think that the Opposition had tho best of tho argu- ment in this matter. [AVoion: "Goodman," and cheers.] Tho Redistribution Bill had boen passed, and all that remained tor Purlin mont was to closo up ns Boon as posBlblo, and ho thought that the Naval Do fonco Bill might very well bo postponed until after tho next elections had been held all ovoi tho colonv. (Cheeis.) It was very much tho same with Ino land tax, but thero were difficulties in tho way ; and in this mutter ho did no1 think tint the Premier had received anything like justice. [A Voie«: "I think ho did." Laughter.] Bnt of ono thing ho was Bui o-that no harm hud lOHultod Irom the mcusiiro boing put off. (Cheers.) Ho was in favour of a land lax. In the other colonies tho law laid hold of property mid took a conside- rable portion out of it when a man died. Hoio it was proposed to tako it out while ho was alivo. (Clicors and laughter.) Souio of tho absenteo landowners drew very largo incomes from thoir property in tho colony without pay- ing anything towirds its protection, whilo it waBalltho timo incioasingin value, Returning to tho Nuval Defence Bill, no thought it had boon prejudiced and enveloped with a lot of smoko and mist and nonsenbe. Thoy found the terms Imperialistic and nationalistic were used in connection with this matter. It might havo been possiblo for us to ask tho mother country to defend us in timo of attack without our paying anything towards it. Ho really believed that it wo had buid that-though it would havo boen a mean thing to do-Gioat Britain would havo had no alternativo but to defend us ; for it was buid that sho had a very largo fleet trading to and from Australia. There bcomed to be a way out of the difficulty by a compromiso. (Loud cries of "No, no, " and cheers.) Tacked on to this was tho nationalistic question. He thought the timo would como when there would I spring up a nationalistic feeling in these colo- nies, but that time was not yet, and íeally when ho looked tit the position of tho colonies he found wo wero the greatest beggars among them all in the matter of our loans. [A VOIOK : " Griffith has done that," interruption, and another VOICE: "NO, New Zealand owes moro."] With tho exception of Now Zealand our debt was tho largest in proportion to our population. Ho thought it might bo very woll to cherish that nationalistic feeling in tho time to como, whilo tho other colonies wero doing the same thing. To talk about nationalism now was like a ohild trying to run before it could walk. With regard to Imperial federation it was downright humbug, and he preferred the nationalistic feeling. (Cheurs.) All theso thingB formed part of au hunnouioub bcheme which would result somo day in our being part of a nation, and that would bo quite timo enough to talk about nationalistic feeling. Ho did uot agree with tho outcry on the subject of immigration, for it was a most astounding ono. Hoio we had au iinmenbe colon" with onlv half-a-million of people in it ; and yet it waa said there woro more hore than could got a living. It ought to be able to provide for miUions of people. . (Ohocre.) It waa said that tho streets of Brisbano were full of-men looking for tvork. [Cries of " So thoy are," " No, no '" and applause.] Ho wont on to tell them a story that he had hoard from the late Mr. Miles to show that mon went ubout tho country lookia« for work but praying novor to find it. [A VOICK: " Oh give us something local," oheers, and interruption, the ohairman saying peremp- torily that "if that gentleman was not quiet tho police would remove him in about two minutes."] Tho candidate, resuming, said ho did not want to speak unkindly of anyon» reully in want of work, but ho was afraid thor« wero a good many men going about tho streob* like the man in Mr. Miles's htory. There weift a great many other subjects on which ho could speak, but the time had now come for thom to havo their turn, and thoy could ask him ua many questions as thoy iikod. j Tho candidato then resumed his seat amidati applause A number of questions woro then handed up, and read by the chairman. In nnswor to a, question whether ho believed the Stato would make tho best and fairest landlord, so that their children would not bo rack-rented by the chil- dren of the present landlords, Mr. Brookes said ho had for somo years tried to understand what nationalisation of tho land meant, but ho did not understand it yet. Ho could not seo any common-souse in it, though that might be his fault. Land must bo very badly rnana<*-eci indeed if tho owners of it did not mako botte landlords than Lord Clanric.irdo ; ho woule sooner havo n Russian hmdloid. (Cheers.. Roplying tu tho question whether ¿' was true that lie had beou pro mised a seat in tim Logislntivo Connor it, defeated in this el, otu n the oiiudiduto buid the question was really mi absurd ono. Ha was piomisud nothing of tho kimi. (Cheers ) Ho was in lavour of logulibing tho Eight-hoin! movement. J n answer to the question why ho kept outside tiio bar ot the House when the diwMon wat, uikon for the Valley Railway, 'tho candidato snid ho would tell thom pluinly. The vote that ho did not give was tim on'o vote which ho had thought ever hince ho ouitht to havo given-(??liecT;.),--and if ho mado ii mistake in that matter lot him who was without sin among the-m rhiov stones at. him. (Cheers and laughter.) As to the question whether ho was in lavour of tho Biulo boin" read m Stute .'oliools, Mr. Brooke's said it wau fair for tho electors to IIHK- him any question they thought proper, bun it was not incumbent on hiin to answer thom. (Clieors.) Ho was not in l'uvourof granting singlo fares for the double journey tor raeö hor.ses travelling- by rail. Ho was not in favour of tho royally on timber being, taken oil', hold- ing the sumo viow.s on that Kiibjoot as wero oxprobbod by Mr. Jordan on Saturday night. Roplying to tho question whether he waa in favour ot allowing clubs to bo placed nndor tho samo licensing laws as hotels, and 'whether ha was in favour of fruit mid "soft stuff" being sold in shops on tho Sabbath, Mr. Brookes said tho question was really a very difficult onoto answer straight off, and ho scarcely Inicw how todo so. Hu did nut bulievo that olu¿a should havo any precedence over public-houses, and ho thought thoy should pay the sumo amount of license, and us fur Hhopssellingnon-into.ticatiiîg drinks, ho saw no harm in thoir doing so. (Chews.) Ho did not holiovo in every person who had a bedroom in a club having a vote for North Brisbano. (Cheers.) To the question, " Js tho rumour eon-cot that you will not con- test tho election, though nominated f" nL. nnswor was given. On tho question, "Will you support a proposition for a bridgo over tt» rivor, say from Georgo-strcot, to some point at AVooUoongabbar" Iho candidate replied that if his questioner would allow him, ho would-hand that question ovor lo tho Minister for Works. (Laughter.) To tho question, " Why do you* support a Government which in tho «rat ¡«Btniu'o countenanced black labour and afterwards allowed British subjects to bo placed in irons and passed before 'a pnek of savages r" tho candidato amidst dis ordor and a cry of " Thoy nevor did" saidthero was ono dillioulty whioh this question presented and it was Ulis, that if ho commenced to answer it, it would take about threo hours. (Cries of " Oh," and cheers.) Tho question convoyed an utterly falso impression. (Loud hissos, hoot- ing, oncers, and general confusion.) ' In answer to tho question whothor tho 'candidato was iu fiivoui-of tho i'oloasooftho"IIopoful"priBonora (which elicited loud orios of "Yos," "Yos") Mr. Brookes said " Ho wondorerod who thóso people aro who aro so anxious to get theso rascals out of gaol." (Interruption.) To a long sorios of questions on tho subject b£ amendment in tho laws relating to medical ' pniotilioiiorsjtheciindtdatesaidif tho questioner would kindly allow him ho would take thom homo and study thom. (Cheers and laughter.) In reply to the question, "Will you support// motion for the abolition of tho Upper Chamber, as it is impossible to seek íoform thora as at pro Bcnt.coustilutod ?" tho candidato stud thorowas a vory sorious aspect to this question. If tho gontloiiinn askod him whothor ho was in favour of an electivo ohamhor or tho ono wo had at present, thon ho paid tho prosent oJiambor. An elective chamber would collect tho mouoyed mon of tho colony togother-that was so 'in Viotoria, wherö ho was told tho Uppor Houso roprosontcd forty millions of money. (Cheers and ironical cheers.) That largo sum would put out tho oyos of any politicul mun in tho world. (Laughter.) Ho was in favour of having1 all shops closed at a roasomiblo hour at night. If it was truo that thoro woro sixteen mon mid boys employed in tho Botanical Gardens who had to work from 0 in tho morning to 6 in tho evening, that was a mutter that should bo represented to tho Minister for Landa, if ¿a was tho proper minister. [The CiiAnijiAN: "it is not truo I am told." A VOICE: "It if perfectly trno," and cheers.] Ho was opposed to the Contagious Diseuses Act. Did not know whether Mr. James Johnstone, the labour; candidate at AVoolloongabbn, was an accredited "Gritlithiim "candidate. Mr. SnYMOun (of tho Trades and Labour? Council) movod, and Mr. THOMAS Moitnöw seconded, a volo of confidonco in Mr. Biookes. Sir S. W. GrtiiTiTii, in aiiBwer to loud colls, advanced to tho front of tho platform and was received with cheering, a counter demonstration at tho samo timo talcing placo in favour of Sir Thomas Mcilwraith, lor whom cheers woro called and given. Sir S. W. Griflith said ho could not refuso to say a fo*w words when ho was so cordially invited 'to do so by the friends who had bcon tho constituents of Mr. ' Brookes and himself for many years past and who would continue to be, ho hoped for many years to come. (Cheers.) In Mr. Brookes thoy had a man whom thoy could trust, for thoy know what he hod douo in tho past. (Cheers.) no had a oloar consis- tent regard for tho interests of the elec- tors. [A VOICE: "Except the Valroy Railway."] It was not worth whilo troubling about tho Valley Rail way-in threo years' timo the people of Brisbano would come to the conclusion that Mr. Brookes had made no mistake when ho had refrained from voting on this measuro. though ho now thought ho had himself. He hoped tho liooplo of Brisbane -would show tho courage of their opinions on this occasion and show that a largo majority of them at least wero with ¿a candidate of that evening. (Cheers.) . There wero a few peoplo who had not 'made up their mind, who wanted to be on tho winning side, and if thoy only know which it was would go straight-for it. (Cheers.) These were the peoplo without backbone. He had the profoiindebt contempt for suoh men, but the sincerest regret that Mr. Raven had retired from the contest. (Cheers and laughter.) He hoped that no man who voted for Sir Thomas M'llwraith would vote for Mm (Sir Samuel),-(cheers)-and that no man who voted for him would voto for Sir Thomas M'llwraith. (Checis.) If they thought ho was a better man for the country than the present Government, thou put him in at the head of the pull ; if not, then put him at the bottom. (Cheers.) There had been many occasions when the Liberal party had been said to have lost' all ' chance of success.' On two previous occasions Mr. Brookes' had been told that he had not a ghost of a chañes, yet on both had beep triumphantly returned over very good men indeed,'and men who'were consistent. On the present occasion ho did not know whether ho was opposed by a gentle- man who waa consistent or not. (Hisses and confusion.) They know,- at "all events,' tha Views of the poopla who had returned Sir Thomas before, and whose views ho had tried to give effect to when ho had the ohanco. He thought by the Btrenuous efforts whioh were being made from ono end of the colony to tho other to displace the present Government on tho ground that they had all done wrong, that the Conservatives must intend if thoy got a ohanoe to go back to what -_ey had tried to do when thoy had tho ohanco before. (Cheers.) Some people thought that money would do anything, but he did not be- lieve that it would have anything to do with the result of this election, or that it had had anything to do with the result of tho last. (Cheers.) There was no reason to beliove that the Liberal party was losing ground anywhere in the colony. (Cheers.) He looked round and was told that everybody was falling away, but out of everybody ho could see nobody-(cheers and laughter)-either in the country or the metropolis, and with very few exceptions he had no hesitation in saying that there was no sign of any break up in tho Liberal party, but that on the contrary it was advancing rapidly. Though gomo membors of tho Liberal party might not be so far advanced as others, they would follow up the thinkers before long. (Cheers.) If they stuck together on this occasion they would have no reason to bo ashamed of the premior constituency of Brisbane North. (Cheors.) This was Mr. Brookes's meeting, but ho (Sir Samuel) only wished he had the opportuity of answering some of the questions that had been put that evening. However, he would give thom an opportunity before tho end of the week of asking him any questions. (Cheers.) The worst that could * befall them if thoy were defeated was to be thrown back two or threo years, but he trusted they would not bo thrown back for a singlo day. (Applause.) In conclusion ho exhorted the electois to return Mr. Brookes, who was an old, trusted, and tried servant of the constituency. (Cheers.) The motion was then put, and only about half-a-dozen hands wero held up against it, though a number of those in the hall refrained from voting. It was declared to bo carried. Tho usual vote of thanks to the ohairman concluded the proceedings. TOOWONG. ME. TJN_IOK'S MEETINO. Mr. Theodore Unmack, the Liberal candi- date for Toowong, addressed a largo meeting of the electors in the School of Arts, Toowong, last night. Mr. Robert Cribb occupied the ohair, and amongst those on the platform was the Hon. W. H. Wilson, Postmaster-General. Mr. UNSIACK, who, on ribiug, was greeted with applause, said ho carne bciore the eieotors as the duly accredited candidate in the Liberal interest. He was determined, if elected, not only to place his services at the dispobal of the eieotors, but also to do his level best, as he was in the habit of doing in all matters intrusted to him. Expressions of regret had been made to him by many electors that ho was coming forward so late, but that was not his fault. He came forward when he was asked ; he had no intention of volunteering his services for any electorate. Objections had been raised against his candidature by several electors-that he was coining forward to split tho votes on the Liberal side. (A VOICE: "So you are," and interruption.) This was where they required to dictinctly underotand tho ' position of affairs. Up to the time ho had announced hunself as a candidate, there was no candidate in the field in the Liberal interest. (Hear, hear.) There were three Opposition candidates, and one labour candidate. They would remember about a week ago the three labour candidates - Messrs. Johnson, Colborne, and Hincholiift isBued a manifesto in whioh they Baid, " We attach ourselves to no party, but our leaning is towards the Liberal side, and if elected we will take our seats on the Liberal cross- bencheB (Hear, hear.) That was not what any earnest supporter of the Liberal party would desire, and his candidature was purely and simply, on the Liberal side, supported by the Government, and whatever promises might have been mado to any other candidate under the misapprehen- sion that they wero for tho Liberal cause, ho sincerely and honestly olaimed that these votes . Bhould be given to tho Liberal cause, which he was seeking to represent. The question tho electors would have to decide was whether the Liberal party had so conducted attairs as to merit a continuance of confidence in them, or otherwise. He regretted that two men, who wore certainly second to nono in the Australian colonies for ability and tact in managing poli- tical affairs, and whose reputations woro the greatest amongst Australian statesmen, cauld not agree upon what ought to bo plain and what was phiin to every business mau-namely, the figures and facts they laid betöre the country. It was deplorable that men of such position could not agree on theso points. As iar as ho was concerned, if politics meant a system of legerdemain ho was very much afraid that he would make a bad politician. (OheerB.) During his oareer in Brisbane he had never once given his vote away from tho Liberal " Jparty, because ho considered that it wus the Safest for the masses. (Cheers.) Ho saw no reason to chango his opinion at prebent. They had done well, and their leader, the Premier, * had done espeoiully well, and was worthy of the thanks of the country, beoauso whatever ho , had done he had done unselfishly and with tho desire to benefit us all. (Hear, hear.) The mottoes of tho Liberal party had ever been these:-"Settle the people on tho land and , benefit tho masses by cultivating and expand- ing and improving the position of the country." But what had been the objects of tho Con , servativo party, or, as thoy iii-ed to be culled, ,fhesquatting party." They had beon to dis- pose oi the land, not for the purpoBe of 6ettlin.r people on it or encouraging population, bn foi rearing sheep andjcattle. It was not long cinco «me of the wealthiest squatters stated that some ' of the finest land on the Downs was not fit for , «owing cabbages upon. (Hear, hear.) The Conservativo party had ever tried to benefit the few to the disadvantage of the many, and had over raised monoy by selling large " olooks of land. The result had been that though they had built railways through l_ost magnificent land, thero w-ero thousands of -aeren alongside them lying idlo, and the country had to bear tho expense of tho liuoo. Thou 'sands of acres of agricultural land were lying idlo and unproductive, and especially on tho Johnson and Burdekin rivers was this the case. Tho Peak Downs lands was also another instance. But for the untiring efforts of tho Liberal party, the Conservativo Government would have parted with anothor 11,000,000 acres to ono landlord. What was the an- nounced polioy of the squatting party at tho present tune ? Nono. Tho leader of that party had told them that he still believed in tho system of land-grant railways, but that for the , present public feoling was demoralised on tho' question. That only raoant that for tho prosont he could not go in for thom. He had further- more said that ho WÛB iu favour of raising monoy by selling tho land, and asked tho electors to tako Lim for what ho bad dono in tho post, and that ' ho could not announce his policy at present, : because Sir S. W. Griffith would steal it. [A , Vows: " So he would."] Ho would keep his back door from any promises, and Micawber Uke, wait for what might turu up. With the coolie question, also, Sir Thomas M'II wraith seemed to bo fencing ; but tho electors had the ' Governor's speech of 1882, which was fiamed by the Ministry, in whioh members wero distinctly told that rules and regulations for . tho introduction of ooolios would be laid befoio Parliament. Furthermore, in a speech at Rockhampton on 20th December, 1882, Sir T. M'Hwraitk said, " H members of Parliament do not approve of theso regulations, thoy can . put them out, and the Ministry too ; but tho Government are perfectly propared to accept the responsibility." So fur as ho (Mr. ' Unmack) was concerned, ho had nt one time been a consciontious believer ' In black labour ; but experience had taught him that it was not good for.tbe country, and wo could do without it. (Hear, hear.) 11 Sir Thomas M'Bwraith had spoken like that they could huvo had confidence in .him. They had been told thut the Liberal Government wero ruining the country by their wastefulness ; but ho would only alludo 'to one act of wastefulness on the part of tho Ooñjwrvativo Government, and that was tho Kpimàiug of £80,000 on the Port Alma Wharf, -which wa« built io please some of tho wealthy raen ythrj were anxious to como hero with Bvnrli/iafcrae. and it could not bo used without & large addi- tional expenditure. He belioved the Con- servatives had a cablegram already written to send home to some ot the wealthy pooplo to say, "Tho saviour of tho oountry has been oleoted; come out at once." (Laughter.) Plenty of British and foreign oapitàl had oomo iuto the colony, however, during tho reign of the Liberal Govern- ment, and plenty moro would como. The colony stood in the highest estimation with the British publio, and that ho could prove by the following few lines from a leader in the Jlrisbanc Courier:-"When Sir Thomas went out of office ourdebontures stood at £91, and at present they stand at £107." (Cheers.) Thoy had to thank "Sammy" for that result, and they would show their appreciation of it by sending him in to win. (Three cheers wore hero given for Sir S. W. Griffith.) He would prove to thom that but for payments whioh the iliberal Government had had to mako on account of tho previous Government, thoy would at present stand with a credit balance of £500,000. Sir Thomas said that the credit balance ho left behind him was £500,000, and Sir S. W. Griffith said it was only £220,000. ne would give the exact figures from tho " Government Gazette" of 3Uth June, 18S3. That balance consisted mainly of £265,463, proceeds of land, which the M'll wraith Government had sold in excess of what the Griffith Government had sold during the samo term of office. That was not revonuo, or a surplus, as it diminished the assets on tho other side, but he would give them the oredit of that and givo the balanoo as £311,000. He would tell thom whero £310,000 of that had gone. Tho M'llwraith Govern- ment had proposed to spond that in a certain way, but, when the Griffith Government carno in, they altered the proposals and spent it as follows:-£150,000 for immigration, £60,000 for harbours aud rivers (two dredges), £55,000 foi- public buildings, £30,000 for bridges, and £15,000 for bridge» for divisional boaids and municipalities. That made £310,000. Thou there were certain payments wldch the Griffith Government were powerless to prevent. Tho first was tho refund of money paid in by the squatters to secure pre-emptive rights, which the Liberal Government resolutely refused to recognise, £76,876; next, there was cential sugar-mills £50,000. That amount had been taken out of revenue, and appeared as spent, though, as a matter of face, it was a. good asset in the books of the Treasury. Next there came the rabbits, whioh had cost the country £67,786 ; ¿27,000 was spent for tho return of New Guinoa Islanders ; the next item was damage by floods to railways £21,849; and noxt came rudwuy accidents at Albion and Darra £20,323 ; tho next item referred to the incroase in the endowment to municipalities and divisioual boards. During Sir Thomas M' Uwraith's administration tho population had inoreased at tho rata of 26 j per cent between the time the Divisional Burnda Aot was passed and the ladt year he was m ornoo, while the paymunt on account of endowmont increased at the rate of 32 ps¡r cent. During the Griffith administration the population increased at the rate of only 19^ per cent, while the payments on account of endowment inoreased at tie rate of 70V per cent. This meant £388,070 tho Griffith Government had paid during their term of oihoe on account of endowment m excess of what had been paid by tho M'Hwraith Gove-rn ment. The next item was the war .-care, wnioli resulted in the Government having to spoud £41,577 out of revtnue alone, the towd amouut, including that spent out otloau, be-iug£ 112,379. Tno increased interest on loans whioh thu Griffith Government had to pay was £294,513. Last, but not least, the M'llwraith Govurn ment had left a logaoy behind thom iu the shape oi the mail contract, for whioh £55,000 a year had to bo paid. Thuy paid that ouu year, but the Griffith Government had to pay jU_75,000, or £220,000 deducting the £55,000. This brought the total of the disbeuvemeuts, made by the Griffith Government, without thoir being able to refuse, up to £1,208,036. Now let them take die £311,000 credit balance tho Griffith Government hud t«peut. At preaent that Go- vernment wero £410,000 to the bud, and I he two added made a total of £721,000 to the bud. That amount aubtrauted from tho expenditure over which tho Griffith Government had no control gave a balance of £187,036 whioh the Griffith Government would havo bud to tho.r ondit, but for that oxpeudituie. (Loud applause.) The establishment of central sugar mills had doue away with all uecetiaity lor black labour. Adverting to the Chinese quo-,- ' tion, he said the Chiue-se mutt go, aud the i sooner the better. (Hear, hear.) The L.biral ! party deserved credit for all tliat hal be-eu done up to the present in the matter. Immigration ' was a subject whluh required careful uonsidera- ' tion. He thought a^nculturi-it» of Mm o , small means and doiue'stics alone should be i iutrodue-ed, and that wa« simply whnt the ! Government was doing at the pit-sent time, i Roturrmg to the ten million loan, he thought j the Griffith Government deserved thu giuute'at I credit for that, aB it had brought money into ¡ the colony, and provided employment for the tuasses at a period of grett depression, and thus prevented a must serious crisis. The loan was fairly, wisely, and economically administered, and BO lur from its having boon squandered there were yet £3,350,000 worth of debentures unsold, Tho late-it return up to the 1st Deoombor biit showed that there w« £2,44S,299 casli in hand, so that thoro was £0,798,29!) of the loan Htill unspent. (Hear, hear.) After the railways to which the Government had been pledged wera finished, ho would adviso that no iurthor extensions of the main lines be built, but that feeders bo constructed wherever possible. Ho thought the railway rates for goods should bo reduced, and a differential system adopted. Ho would be in favour of encouraging local industry by having spooially low rates upon colonial produce, BUeh as building malcriáis, for instance, to encourage production and tho employment of labour. (Applause.) Ho could not support the land tax, IIB bo looked upon it as a downright imposition on industry, but would support, if it was neces- sary, a general property tax. He would favour a heavy absentee tax-(hear, hear)-and a tax upon tho largo landed estates. Ho bolioved in the principle of tho Land Act of '84, but thought it might bo improved in tho rospect of fiving a man the doods to his land at once, if esired, under conditions of residence and cul- tivation. Ho was strongly in favour of colo- nial federation, and on this account thought it would be unwiso to rofuso to adopt tho Naval Defence scheme-a eohemo whioh all the other colonios had agreed to. He would al» ays oppose, however, any attempt to inllici Im- perial taxation on the colonies. (Hear, hear.) He would not sanotion land-grant railways, though ho behoved tho idea might bo a Tery good ono if tho Government undertook tho work themselves. Tho Government ought to keep faith with tho divisional boards in the matter of endowment. The tariff should bo re- vised with a view to the encouragement of local industry, and ateo with a viow to increasing tho duties on luxuries, and reducing those, which at present wero tho highost, on articles of necessity. Ho was strongly in favour of irri- gation, and of boring for water. (Hear, hear.) Ho was not in favour of tho mail contract as a mail contract, and had always opposed it. Apart from the £55,000 a-yoar paid thom on account of the mail contract, the British India Association had receivod £178,383 moro than was necessary on account of immigrants, for which they were paid £3 per head morn than the amount for which immigrants could bo brought out on other companies' VOEBOIS. They brought out 09,401 statute adults, for which they woro paid at tho rate of £10 per head. Other companies woidd ha\o charged only £12 to £13. The civil service of tho country was a matter which rcquirod tho most caroful consideration. Being chairman of thu commission at presont inquiring Into the mutter, he woe of courso in a position which necessitated his speaking with great delicacy. Ho believed that tho constitu- tion of that commission enjoyed tho perfect confidence of tho publio and of tho civil servbo ; and ho assured thom that tho result of their labours would bo uliko bénéficiai to tho public and to the niombora of the service. Thero was no doubt that grave, serious, and terrible abuses existed, ospeoially in the appointment of the publio servants, and thoso abuses would have to bo remedied. Ho was not able to tell them how that would be accom- plished, but ho would give thom his own idoa of what should ulthnatclv be dono. Should tho commissioners foel called upon to report that the numbers of tho mon employed woro largely in excess of tho requirements, ho would say in no case lot them recommend dismissal, but as the various dopirtments required replenishment by reason of resignation, doath, or otherwise, lot thom draft the mon from ono dopartmont to another, until thoy got rid of tho surplus labour, and all were provided for. Ho would strive to carry out this plan, and his follow commissioners woro of the same mind. Thoy were anxious to do justice to tho public, and all those who thoy believed woro placed in the position of not re- ceiving tha roward to whioh thoy wore entitled. Ho fully behoved in tho local option clauses, and saw no reason for altering that measure. Ho approved of tho contract for locomotives hav- ing been given to a firm in tho colony, although at a somewhat iiicroased price. Ho would abolish the royalty on timber, and include Ben- nion in the Employers' Liability Act. He ap- proved of eight hours being made tho statutory day's labour. He would also Uko to see it applied to those who wore working in shops and factories. He was in favour of a Workman's Lien Act, and would voto for a savings batik and post office fur Toowong. Tho candidato then resumed his seat amid cheers. A number of questions wero asked, tho majority of which the candidate had dealt with in his apeeoh. An individual in the hall asked Mr. Unmaok by what authority he announced himself as the aoorodited Liboial oandidato, stating that ho had reason to believe he was not acoroditod Mr. UNJCAOK said he had been ac- credited by the leader of the Liberal Party, and called upon tlie Hon. W. H. Wilson to endorso his statemont. The Hon. W. H WILSON said that Mr. Unmaok had bean duly accredited by tho loader of the Liberal Party, and that ho was not coming forward as a " warming pan" for any- body, and would not rotiro in unyone's favour. (Cheers.) Mr. WILLIAN RionEn moved a voto of confi- dence in the candidato, which Mr. S. W. JONES seconded. Tho motion was put, thero boing about an equal number of hands hold up for and against it. The chairman declared it carried. A voto of thanks to the chairman concluded the meeting. COUNTRY CONTESTS. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] MR. HIGGINS AT SWAN CHEEK. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) WARWICK, April 30. Mr. Patrick Higgins, Opposition candidate for Warwick, oponed his campaign at the Swan Creek school to-night. Mr. J. T. Wilson occupied the chair, and there was a large atten- dance. The candidate was supported by Alder- men Thomas Mogridge and W. M. Morgan, and several members of the divisional board and leading residents of the district. Mr. Higgins, who was heartily received, said this was a great contest, which would see the ruin or resurrection of Queensland. The colony had shifted downwards tor the last five years, and every industry had been crushed. They could not expect an oration from a man at the hands of the plough. (Cheers.) He thought Warwick was one of the most, important con- stituencies-in fact, it was the granary of the colony. He was not opposing the late member on personal grounds, but the party he had followed. He referred to Mr. Kellett, who stated he was goiug to succeed the lamented William Miles as Minister for Works, and Mr. Kellett then told him not to oppose his own interests. The candidate said Mr. Kellett was not allowed to speak in Warwick, although he (Mr Higgins) believed in everyone being allowed to express his vews. Mt. Morgan was elected instead, but he became like a blister on a wooden leg, nud supp a-tod Jl*r. Kellett'« party. Mr. Morgan now wanted to be sent down as an Independent, as he told of no party, but to make tools of the electors. The candidate said he had been deputed by a responsible body of electors to wait on Mr. Morgan and ask him on which side of the House he would bus it returned unopposed, but Mr. Morgan now tried to ovule, the result of that interview. He thought Mr. Mor- gan's telling the electors that he would not go down to Brisbane except as an Independent member was an insult to them. If elected, Mr. Higgins said he would do his best to put Sir Thomas McIlwraith at the head of affairs, as he was the ablest statesman and financier in the colony at present. (Loud cheers.) The colony was now practically in-.oh ont, with a deficit of half-a- million., whilst the best work- ing men in the colony were under the gum trees throughout the colony, unable to find honest livelihood. He then referred to the industries belonging to the district, which had been crushed. He had been a tiller of the soil since he was 14 years of age, and was at Warwick when he was 20.. He had not since been 100 miles from it for any time, and had always paid 20s. in the pound. (Cheers.) He was coming forward to guard his property and theirs. He was opposed to Chinese, and would exclude them at any cost, as Sir Thomas Mcllwraith proposed. His opponent was supported by a man who had over twenty Chinese employed in ringbarking. (Loud cheers.) He then spoke against the land tax, and said there was plenty ot time for that. At present the struggling free-holder would have to bear the burdon. He showed that his opponent was leg-bound to the Griffith party from his speech, in which he attacked the Mcllwraith party in detail on their land sales, while at the same time he wanted to sit on the rail. The candidate said he was opposed to the Naval Defence Bill, and thought we should have our own youths to defend us. The bill would be passed in a different form by the next Government. He was opposed to the present immigration system, which he characterised as rotten. He referred to the deputation which waited on Mr. Dutton, consisting of himself and Mr. Beresford Hudson, the Opposition candidate for Carnarvon, who he hoped would get in. (Cheers.) Mr. Dutton then declined to redress the farmers' grievance in connection with rail- way freights. It was only at the time of a general election that the Government attended to the matter. He was opposed to Northern separation, which would establish a lot more loafers. He believed in financial separation and Australasion federation. He advocated protection and the encouragement of native industries, as he did not believe in sending greenhide abroad and getting back shoddy. He would not tax the poor man's loaf, but that was the only article he would exempt. He favoured the presont subsidy to divisional boards. As a member of the local board since its establishment he spoke with know- ledge on the subject. He was against the Government taxing improvements, yet their late member voted dead against the rotention of the present subsidy, although representing a farming constituency. (Cheers.) It was for them to say whether he was their friend, as he professed to do. Hethought publicans should be entitled to seats in the local councils and boards, they being the biggest taxpayers in the colony. He was for the extension of railways through the agricultural and pastoral lands and low freight charges on produce and rations, and also for taking the manage- ment of the railways from the Govern- ment, he commented strongly on the action of the Government in trying to violate the secrecy of the ballot, and said the amended arrangements were put there to frighten the civil servants, which act alone should condemn the Griffith Government. He trusted they would elect him, as he knew their wants and their resources, and if elected the Brisbane people must be a queer lot if he could not plough his way through them. (Cheers.) He would go down as a stanch supporter of Sir Thomas McIlwraith, who, through Mr. William Allan, first put the money on the Estimates for the via recta seven years ago. Sir Thomas Mcllwraith was the coming man at any rate, and seven of his supporters had already been returned unopposed. (Loudcheers.) He would also go down as "dear Pat" from Warwick, and would have seven friends to their late member's one at once. It would suit him better to look after his own family and property, but he considerod it to be his duty to come forward. In conclusion, he denied the rumour that his expenses were paid by Mr. Allan, although he would have been proud to be under his wing, but he was able to pay his own expenses. In reply to questions, Mr. Higgins said he was in favour of areas of not less than 320 acres being selected. He was altogether against the present Land Act, which was thoroughly bad. A vote of confidence, proposed by Mr. J. McMahon, and seconded by Mr. Michael Nevin, was carried, only three hands being held up against it. None of those present abstained from voting. The meeting, which was very orderly, concluded with hearty cheers for Sir Thomas McIlwraith, Mr. Higgins, and Mr. Allan. SIR THOMAS M'lLWRAITH AT TOO- WOOMBA. (FROM OUR OWN COBnESrONDENT.) TOOWOOMBA, April 30. Sir Thomas M'Dwraith, aocompamod by Mr. Jaeschke and Mr. North, arrived hore by the midday train to-day, and was met at tho railway stution by several mombers of Mr. Garget's Committee and about 100 people. Three nhoers were given for Sir Thomas M'll- wraith. In the afternoon Sir Thomas drove round Middlo Ridge, and in the even- ing addressed a meeting in the Assembly Rooms. Prior to tho meeting a torchlight procession was formed, and about eighty torch - boaiors headed tho procession. Sir Thomas loft tho Imperial Hotel, and marched along Ruthvon, Herries, Noil, and Margaret streots to tho AwiOinbly- rooms, which wero densely packed. Mr. Porritt, chairman of Mr. Garget's committeo, presided, and asked for a fair hearing for Sir Thomas M'llwraith. Sir Thomas M'llwraith, who was received with mingled cheois and groans, spoko at length on tho financial punition of tho colony and the Land Aot. He piuised the steamship communication with England by the Northern route as tho rosult of hiH statesmanship, and spoko in favour of protection. Ho spoko against Chinóse and ooolio labour, condemned the lund tax proposals of tho Government, and also tho Naval Dofenco Bill, and concluded his addrcBB by aakmg the voters to give their support to Mr. Gargot tho Opposi- tion candidato. A vote of confidence in Mr. Gargot was declared carried by the chairman by a majority of two-thirds. HAISDGRAVE AT OAHOOLTTJIIE. CABOOLTURE, April 28. Mr. P. Hardgrave hold a meeting hero last night, and tlioro was a good attendance. Mr. W. Payne occupied the chair Mr. Ilardgravo's speech consisted mainly of a dofenco of tho Griffith poliuy. He stated that ho was a strong advocate for the Naval Dofouco Bill, and ho ovidently did not beliovo in divisional boards having a £2 for £1 ondowment, Mr. Hard- grave did not beliovo in making Australia a republic, as it would cost too muoh to elect a president. In answer to ques- tions, tha candidato said ho would support protection duties as long us they did not iujuro the consumers. Ha would not support a 33 por cont or 2s. 6d. duty on imported timber from America and Now Maaland, &c;, and would not advocate the oponiug of publin houBBS on certain hours ou a Sunday. Tho meeting gave Mr. Hardgrave tho usual vote of confidence. Mr. Hardgrave wus listened to quietly, and at times wa« applauded L1S8NUH FOB Tar. KKXNBDY. A private telegram received m Brisbano Htutes that Mr. Li-wii-r, thu Opposition candi- date for the Kennedy, meei»ed 11 vote ot con fi.leneo athis meeting at Ravenswood Junction, und that his rotum is a Ci-rtuiiily. IPSWICH, April 30. The Hon. Georg« Thorn ii'hiiv s -.1 a btre,'e meeting of electm» a' Little lp->wch to-night, and tha uaudidnfu was oeuurded a very good hearing. A voto of confidence win proponed bv Mr. J. John-ton, seconde«! hy Mr. Uie-hard bradfield, and curried without di-seut. The meeting Wus altogf ther 111 fir one of Mr. Thurn. TonrtooM-pA, April 30. Messrs. Aland ii'iiJ Gi (van mid rested a ve-ry eiitliu'-tiiestiii m.ti1 iu..' at 'diddle Äidsr», til- ing fit. Hearty and uiifinmiuue votes of Cuiiti ttenie were p.i.sst s!u- S. V7- Griffith will uddtcN the eloeturs here mi "Thur-jihi;* luglil f lo will an-ivo by I Special, traill al 7 o'uluck, ami be escorted to I tho Assembly Room- by a torehh'ghVprouoNMOu h>.ideil hy Kri'! WAUWIOK, April 30. Sir. Win. Allan aldrcswif over 100 elccfors lil til« Uppor ¡Swim üieefc- school to-night. Air. John Affleck oi-mpied the chair. Mr. Allan's addrs-m was iniKih ia the samo eltuot iii that previously del» von d hy him. A vote of con ifdeuou was piopu-e-il by Mr. C.u\loy, s,e-ccui'dcd by Mt-, Jamas Mitchell, itud .curried unani- mously. No quint ions w10 put io the oamli dulo. I MuiwiOKouon, April 30. Mr. R. M. ll.yne, ono of tho Liberal candi datii'i for M m buuugh, addru-tod ¡1 oiowded meeting in the Town Hall u>>ui¿:ht. In his spt-i-ch ho dwell uhlutly on local luiikcin, and recoived a vote uf coulidoiii/O. Mr. H. E. Klug addrosned a m^uting at Newton to-night, nud also reooivud 11 votu of confidence MOUNT Mono AM, April 30. A largo and enthusuMio meeting was held boro to-night, and adJrossedby MUJHIS. Amber and Pattison. A vote of confidence in the caudidatoB was carriod with only one dissentient. OLEI_OXT, April 30. Mr. O'Shea addrossod a meeting at Cupolla on Saturday night, and wai well received. Hu was choored at tho oonolusion of his spoech. Both parties iu tho election contest are working very hard. It is bolioved now thut the contest will bo closer than was at first anticipated. CitovDON, April 30. Tho Hon. "W. 0. Ilnairkinson ami Mr. Hunter loft Croydon for Georgetown and other places on Saturday. NORMANTON, April 30. Mr. Palmer addrossod tho electors for tho second time in tho School of ArtB on Saturday night. Tho hall was crowded. His address was received with fair attention, and a voto of thanks waa carried. Soveral speakers for and against Mr. Palmor addressed the meeting, but thors was nothing to show what is likoly to bs tho rosult of tho eleotion. Mr. Palmer will leavo for Burketown at onco. Major Colless, the Liberal candidate for Carpentaria, is now touring towards Camooweal. A correspondent wired from Townsville lost night as follows:-"Mr. Honry addressed a largo and enthusiastic mooting of electors hore to-night in the Town Hall, and was accorded a good hearing. Thero wero occasional inter- ruptions, though ohiofly good-tempered. Mr. Honry spoke for an hour on different political ' questions, and a vote of confidence in niin was carried most enthusiastically amid cheering I and waving of hats. Only a few hands wero held up against the motion." WIST MORETON ELECTION NOTES. (SBOM OUB OWN COEBBSPONnKNT.) , IPSWICH, April 30. Mr. P. O'sullivan opened his campaign in I tho Stanloy_ electorate at the Oddfellows' Hall, Esk, on Friday night last. There was a largo attendance, and Mr. J. H. M'Connel was voted te tho chair. Mr. O'sullivan, who on rising was greeted with cheorB, spoke at considerable lougth, and his remarks wero frequently applauded, no was asked several questions, which ho answerod ovidently to tho satisfaction of those prosent. A vote of confidence in him was moved by Mr. G, G. Smith, and seconded by Mr. D. B. M'Pherson. Not a binglo hand was held up aguiiibt tho motion, which was thoreupon declared carried unanimously. Captain Vernor, another of tho Stanley candidate», addressed a woil-attended meeting of tho electors at Pino Mountain on Friday evening. Mr. J. T. Hill occupied tho chair. Ho wuB well received, and beforo tho meeting separated a vote of confidonco in him was passed without dissent. Two political meetings woro hold at Grand- chester on tho 27th in6taut. Ono took pluce at the sjohool-housß^whoroMr. J/. B. L.Isambcrt, thb Ministerial .candidato for,,Robowood, ad- dressed an audjptieó of five men. The second mooting was hold-'at- a private houso by Mr. J. Farrelly, tho Opposition candidate for tho j samo electorate. At this latter thoro was a II very good attendanco, and Mr. Furrelly, at tho conclusion of his address, was accorded a 1 I unanimous vote of confidence. The mooting thon dispersed with oheora for Six Thomas M'Bwraith and Mr Farrelly The formal announcement of the nominations of candidatos for tho representation of Ipswich m tho Legislativo Assembly was made by the returning-oflu,er Mr James M'Gul, at noon on Saturday last Messrs Macfarlane and Barlow were tho only candidates present, and the attendance of tho public was small Mr M Gill read his commission, the writ of elec- tion, and tho nommation papers of Messrs A H Barlow, Benjamin Cribb, John Macfarlane, and George Thorn, and announced that as only two membeis weio required, a poll would bo taken at the court house on Saturday noxt A lew íomaiks having boen made by Messrs Maofarlane and Builow, a vote of thmks was passed to tho returning officer at the instance of those gentleman, and the proceedings then toinunated Abuut forty Stanley olootors assembled at tho Tarampa SLate sohool on Thursday night last, to hear Captain "\ ernor s views on the principal political topics Mr Huns Jansen, ot Lowood, was voted to tho chair, and introduced the candidate in flattering terms Captain Vernor, who spoke tor an hour, was attentively listened to und frequently applauded A fow questions woro at-ked, tlio answers to which seemed to giro satisfiction A vote of confidence in Cap- tain Vernor was oarned and a vote of thanks to tho chairman brought a very orderly meet- ing to a close Mr Thomas Glassoy, one of the candidates for Bundanba, addressed tho electors at In oh on ihursday evening last Mr Phio presided At the conclusion ot tho candidate's addioss a ?vote of confidence m him was passed unani- mously, on tho motion of Mr Turnbull, seconded by Mr Brooks ALBERT On Saturday, 28th April, Mr Lennobeig hold a meeting at tho residence of Mr J Ball, Tambourine Thero woro between forty and fifty eloctois piosont Mr J H Dclpratt, J P , of lambourmo station, was to lu\otakon the chair, but waB unavoidably delajed and did not arrivo until aft- r tho mooting com monced in his absence Mr Ball w13 voted to tho chair Thoso present listened attentivoly to tlio candidate s addiohs without tho slightest interruption Mr Lenneborg spoke for an hour, and t inlerv ils was warmly ap- plauded Ho ich uned his teat amidst loud choers Thoro « ero only tour questions asked, whioh weio answered satisfactorily Tho meeting closed with aiote of thanks and choers for tho chairman 