A. PROFOIUID MYSTERY, PART SECOND CHAPTER VI. UNDER TIIE GASLIGHT. ,' Miss Darrell looks sick of our frivolity,' Mrs Featherbrain gayly exclaims. ý The wickedness of Now York and the falsity of mankind are new to her as yet. You saved Charley's life, didn't you, my love-Trixy told me all about it-and remained with him all night in the snow at the risk of your own precious life ? Qditoe a romance, upon my word. Now, why not end it like all romances of the kind is a love match and a marriage I' 1Her eyes glitter maliciously and jealously even while rhe laughs. If it is in the shallow heart of this prettily painted, prettily-powdered woman to care for any human being she had cared for Charley Stuart.' ' Mrs Featherbrain,' Edith exclaims, in haughty surprise, half rising. S'My dear, don't be angry-you might do worse-though how, it would be ditlicult to say. I suggested it, because it is the usual ending of such things in novels and on the stage-that is all.' SAnd as if I could fall in love with any one now,' .Mr. tuart murmurs, ainivel Such asggestioi from n .t _ ltb::;B=in ' Here comes- our barone,' Mrs Featherbrain exclaims, 'bearing a water ice in his own'aristocratic hand. Rather handsome, isn't hoe --only I detest very fair men. What a pity for the peace of mind of our New York girls he should be engaged in England,' 'Ah, but he isn't engaged I happen to know,' said Charley; 'so you see what comes of marrying in haste, Mrs Featherbrain. If you had only waited anotheryear now, instead of throwing me over for old Featherbrain it might have been for a baronet. For, of course, there isn't a girl in New York could stand the'ghost of a chancobeside you.' ' A most delicate compliment,' Edith says, her scornful lip curling. ' One hardly knows which to admire most the refined tact of Mr Stuart's flat. teries, or the matronly, dignity with which Mrs Featherbrain always repels them. She turns her white shoulder deliberately upon them both; and welcomes Sir Victor with her brightest smile. ' And for a rustic lassie, fresh from the fields and the daisies, it isn't so bad,' is Mrs Featherbrains cool criticism. 'And I hope, despite Sir Victor's aristocratic attentions, Miss Darrell, you'll not forget you're engaged to me for the redowa,' Charley finds a chance to murmer, softo vbce, in her ear, as he and his flirtee move on. ' You see the poor child's jealous, Charley,' is the Featherbrain's last remark; ' a victim to the green-eyed monster in his .most virulent form. You really-should be careful, my dear boy, how you use the charms a benes. ficcent Providence has showered uipp and all that sort of thii?g,' ''" TlTh hours go on. Edith eats her water ice, and talks very animatedly to her baronet. Balls-he has had a surfeit of them, - poor fellow-mostly bore him ; to-night he is really ins terested, The Americans are an in' teresting people, he thinks-that must be why. Then the redowa begins, and Charley returns and carries her off. With him she is coldly silent, her eyes are averted, her words are few.! He smiles to himself, and asks her this question ' If she doesn'tthink Laura Feather brain the prettiest and besddressed lady in the room 1 'I think Mrs Featherbrain is wells named,' Miss Darrell answers, her dark eyes flashing. 'I understand 3ir Featherbrain is lying ill at home. You introduced me to her. Whilst I live in this house, Mr Stuart, you will be kind enough to introduce metono more Mrs Featherbrains.' She brings out the .obnoxious name with stinging scorn. and a look to-. wards the lady bearing it sharper than daggers. There is a curious smile in Charley's eyes ; his lips are grave. 'Are you angry, Edith? Do you know--of Course you do, though-that it becomes you to be angry My charming cousin, I never knew -until to'niight how really handsome, you were.' " She disen.ages herself with sudden abruptness from his clasp. ' I amn tired of dancing,' she says; ' I detest redowas. And be kihd enough to keep your odious point.. hlank compliments for the prettiest and best dressed lady in the room.' I don'tappreciate them., ' Is it jealously 1' Oharley wonders, her, aniid tries to cboax her ihto g'oo humour; but she is not to be coaxed. In ten minutes another partner comes and claims her, and she goer. The pretty,dark girl in white is greatly admired, and has no lack of partners. For Mr Stuart, he dancesno more. He leans against a pillar, pulls his mou staclhe, and looks placid and handsome. He isn't devoted to danricing as a rule; he objects to it on principle as so much physical exertion for very little result. He has only fatigued himself to-.niglit as .na matter of abstract duty. He stands and watches Edith dance. Thisi country girl has the lithe, willowy grace of a Buyadere, and she is laugh ingnow, and looking very bright and animated. It dawns upon him that she is by'all odds the prettiest girl in the house; and that'slowly but surely, for the hundred and fiftieth time in his life, he is falling in love. *'But I-might have known it,' Mr Stuart thinks, gravely. ~Brown beauties always did play the dickens with me, I thought that at five and twer.ty I had outgrown all that sort of youthful rubbish; and here I am at the brink of the pit again. Falling ipn love at tlhe present involves matrimony in the future, and matrimony has been the horror of my life :since I was four years old. And then the governor wouldn't hear of it. I'm to be handed over to the first 'daughter. of ahun. dred earls' acrossin England .who is willing to exchange a tarnished British coronet for a . Yankee million or two dollars,' It is Trixy who is dancing with the baronet now-Trixy who deconds to supper on the baronet's arm. She dances with him once again after sup per, then he returns to Edith. .So the hours go on, and the April morning is growing grey. Once. Edith finds herself seated: beside genial Lady Helena, who talks to her in a nictherly way that takes all her heart captive at once. _ Sir Victor leans over his aunt's chair, listening with a smile,_ and not saying much himself. His aunt's eyes follow him everywhere, her voice takes a deeper tenderness when she speaks to him. It is easy to see she loves him with almost more than a mother's love. A little longer and all is over. Carriage after carriage rolls away ; Sir Victor and Lady Helena shake hands with this pretty, well-bred Miss Darrell, and go too. She sees Charley linger to the last moment by fascinating Mrs Feather. brain, whispering the usual inanity in her pratty pink ear. He leads her to her-carriage when it stopitli?-way,and the outer °darkness. "Now half to the setting moon are gone, And half to the rising day ; Low on the sand and loud on the stone The lnst wheel echoes way,' ' Edith hums as she toils up to her pretty room. Trixy's grand field-night is over, Edith's first ball has come to an end, and the first night of her now life. CHAPTER VII. OLD COPIES OF THE " COURIER." 'Two waltzes.' said Trixy, counting on her fingers, ' that's two ; one Craco. vienne-that's' three ; the Lancers that's four, one gallop ; that's five-; one polka quadrille-that's six. Six dances, round and square, with Sir Victor Citheron, Edith,' Miss Stuart cried, triumphantly; do you hear thatl 'Yes, Trixy, I hear' said Edith dreamily. 'You don't look as if you did-or, if you hear,you don't heed. Six dances! Two- more, I am certain, than he danced with any other girl in the house. That looks promising, doesen't it I Edith, the long and the short of it is this : I shall break my heart and die, if he doesn't make me Lady Catheron.' A faint, half-absent smile-no other reply from Miss Darrell. In the handsome reception- room of the Stuart mansion the two girls sat. It was half-past three in the afternoon of the day succeeding the ball.. In the luxu rious depths of a puffy arm.chair reclined Edith Darrell, as much at home as though puffy chairs and luxu rious reclining had ever been her. normal state. The crimson satincushions contrast beautifully with her dark eyes, hair, and complexion. Her black silk. dress is new, ah' fits well, and tlii has itli? up_ with a knot of- sa~ila, iled'in some White'ila-?i' tht2etifr-tat. Altogether she made a very 'effective picture. In another puffy-rocking-chair near sits Trixy, her chestnut hair crep to her eyebrows, and falling in a crinkling shower to her ,vaist. Her voluminous draperies balloon over the carpet' for the space of a couple of yards.on either side, looking from top to toe the 'New Yorkiest of New York girls.' They made a very nice contrast, if you had an eye for effect- blonde and brunette, dash and dignity, style and classic simplicity, gorgeous furniture, and outside the gray, fast-drifting afternooni, the raw, easterly April wind. 'Of course,' pursued Miss Stuart, going on with the web of rosercoloured knitting in her lap, ' being the daugh ter of the house,' and considering the occasion and everything, I' suppose a few more dances than usual was ex pected of him. Still, I don't believe he would have asked me six times if \- Edith, how often did he dance with you I' 'How ,often did- I beg your pardon, Beatrix-I didn't catch what you said.' . " ' I see you didn't; you're half asleep, ar'n't you L A penny for your thoughts, Dithy.' ' They're are not worth a furthing,' Edith answered, contemptously. 'I chanced just then to be thlinking of Mrs Featherbrain. What was it you asked-something about Sir Victor I, 'I asked how often Sir Victor danced with you last night I' ' I really forgot-four times,I think. Yes, four times. Why I . 'He danced six with me, and I'm sure he didn't dance more than half as often as anyone else. Mamma 'thinks enmeaos.somethihng, and he tookl-~mt to spper and told me abolut Eniglahd -we had qui e a long" conversation, in fact. Edith, I fairly go crazy with delight at the thought of one day being ' My lady '"' ' Why think of it, then, since it sets you crazy ?' Edith suggested, with cool indifference. 'I darcsay you've heard the proverb, Trix, about counting your chickens before they're hatched. However, in this case I don't really see whyyou should despair, You're his equal in .every way, and Sir Victor is his own master, and can do as he likes., ".Ah, 1 don't' know,' Trix answered, with a despondent sigh, 'he's a bsros not, and these English people go so much for birth and blood. Now,yon know, we've neither. It's all very well for papa to name Charley after a prince, and spell Stuart with a 'u,' instead of an' ew,' like everybody else, and say he's decended from the Royal family of Scotland- there's something more wanted than that. He's sent to Lone. don of somewhere for the family coat of arms-you may laugh, Edith, but but he has-and we're to seal our letters with a griffin rampant, or a catamount couciaans, or some other beast of prey. Still the griffin rampant doesn't .alter the fact that pa began life sweeping out a grocery, or that he was in the tallow business himself until the break ing out of the rebellion. Lady Helena and Sir Victor are everything that is nice,.and. civil, and courteous; but when it comes to marrying, you know, that's quite another matter. Isn't he just sweet though, Edith1' ' Who ? Sir Victor ? Poor fellow ! What has he ever said or done to you, Trix, to deserve such an epithet as that 1'. No, I am glad to say he didn't strike me as being 'sweet;' contrai wise,I thought him particularly sensible and pleasant.' ' Well, can't a person be sweet and sensible too 1' Trix asked, impatiently, 'Did you notice his eyes 'I luch" an expression of weariness, and sadness, and-now what are you laughing at 1 I declare you are as bad as Charley ! I can't express a single opinion that he doesn't laugh at. Call me sentimental if you like, but I say again he has the most melancholy expression I ever leoked at. Do you know, Dithy, I love melancholy men.' "Do you I' said Edith, still laughing, Smy dear, lackadaisical Trixy. 1 must confess myself I prefer 'jolly' people. Still you're not altogether wrong about our youthful baronet; he does look a prey at times to green and yellow melancholy. You don't suppose he has been crossed in love, do yon ? Are ?aronst-.riehb--bsnets--ever crossed in love, I wo'nder t His large, rather light blue eyes look at one sometimes as though to say '' I have a secret sorrow here, A grief I'll ne'er impart, It breathes no sigh, it sheds no tear, But it consumes the 'art. ' Miss Darrell was an actress by nature. She repeated lachrymose verse in a sepulchral tone of voice. ? That's it, you may depend, .Trixy \--the poor young gentleman's a prey to iunrequited affection. 'What are you shaking you head so vehemently -at!' - 'It isn't that,' said Trix, looking solemn and mysterious; ' it's worse.' SWorse! .Dear me; I didn't think anything-could be worse. What is it then - ' Murder !' It was Trixy's turn to be sepulchral. Miss-Darrell opened her brown eyes -Miss Stuart's charneihouse tone was really blood-curdling.. '.' My dearest Trix-murder ! .Good gracious, yon can't mean to say we have been- dancing all night with a murdererl Whom has he killed ' . :'Edith, don't be an idiot! Did I say he killed anyone - No it isn't that -it's a murder .that was committed when he was a baby.' ' When he was a baby 2' repeats Miss Darrell, in dense bewilderment Miss Stuart took no notice of Edith's bewilderment, but went on with her story in the most provokingly cool manner imaginable. ' Oh, yes,' she said, 'his mother was murdered, poor thing. It was the most shocking affair, and as interesting as any novel you ever read. Murdered in cold blood as she slept,- and they don't ,know to his day who did it-' Edith's a eyes were still,. very wide :takesan' interest i s the family'mirdera of one's second-cousindin;law.' - S' Well,' began Miss Stuart, still with the utincst relish, ' you see, his father, another SirVictor,nmade a low marriage -married the daughter of a common sort of person in trade. Now, there's a coincidence to begin with. I'm the daughter of a common person in trade at least, I was.' 'It is to be hoped the coincidence will not be followed out ater the nup tial knot is tied,'answred Edith,gravely; ' it would be utnpleasant for you to be murdered, Trix, and plunge us all into the depths of dispair and bombazine. Proceed,.Trixy-as they say on the stage, your tale interests me.' ' He was engaged-the other Sir Victor, I mean-to his cousin, a Miss Inez Catheron-pretty name, isn't it I -and it seems he was afraid of her. She was a brunette,dark and iierce,with black eyes, and a temper to match.' (A bow of acknowledgment from Miss Darrell.) ' As it turned out he had good reason to be afraid of her. He was a year and a ihalf married, and the baby, the present Sir Victor, was. two or three months old when the marriage was made public, and wife and child brought home. There must have been an awful row, you know, at Catheron Royals, and one eve.ing,about a month after his arrival, they found the poor thing asleep ih the nursery and stabbed to ithe heart.' - ' Was she asleep after she was stabh bed, or before.' i (To be continued.) 