ORDINATION SERVICE. For some time past, the authorities of the Presbyterian Church in Queensland have been desirous of extending the scope of their mission work. The assistance given by niouibi'iB of the Presbyterian body in Queensland to foreign missions has invariably been commendably liberal, but at the meetings of the General As»oml)iy on more than one occasion concern has been expressed that the mission work nearer our own doors has been neglected, and that a large field for good service to the cause of Christianity was open amongst the kanakas and South Sea Islanders now resident in this colony. The agitation in this direction has borne good fruit. Last evening at the Park Church, South Brisbane, Mr. John McLean Macintyre, a gentleman who has passed through the arts course at the Glasgow University and who has also studied at the Divinity Hall of the Free Church, was ordained as the first missionary of that church to preach the gospel to the kanakas in Queensland. The service commenced at 8 o'clock, and it was conducted by the Revs. James Gibson, Moderator of Presbytery. A C. Smith, "D F. Mitchell, J. F. McSwaine, and Mr. James Kerr, Member of Presbytery. There was only a small congregation present, but this was due to the fact that but short notice of the permits had been given. The proceedings opened with the singing of the 100th p him after which the Rev. James Carson engaged in prayer and read portions of scripture from Isaiah II., 1", and from the 42nd chapter of the mine pro- phecy. On the conclusion of the reader Mr. CARSON addressed those present as follows: My brethren, you are all aware of the occasion of this meeting. It is to be regretted very much that the time for giving notice of such an important event has been so very short. It was only on Tuesday night that it was resolved that what we are about to do this evening should be accomplished. Circumstances have occurred of such a nature that if it was not absolutely necessary, rendered it at all events very desirable, that he who is to-night to be set apart for missionary work should leave Brisbane immediately. The consequence has been that the intimation of this service has not been widely diffused, and that arrangements previously made by ministers and members of congregations have been such as to occasion a small attendance this evening. But we trust that the Master is with us in all that we are about to do. To-night, in obedience to the commission of our great Master before he departed from this scene " Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost; teaching them all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and, lo, I am with you al way, even unto the end of the world" in obedience to this command, in the provi- dence of God, we are called to ordain a missionary to go forth not to the islands of the sea, but to those who have come from those islands into our midst to serve us. Many of these men I fear have not been surrounded by the highest Christian influences during their sojourn in Queensland, but have passed away from as to their native lands without obtaining a knowledge of the gospel. in the good providence of God our Church has not only undertaken to supply a missionary to the kanakas in Queensland, but a man has been sent whom I believe to be the right man in the right place to undertake this work. He believes that he is called by his Master to that work, and the Presbytery of Brisbane, as a Church of Christ, fools that it is called upon, and in duty bound, to send him forth with its imprimatur, and we have met on this occasion to ask the Great King and Head of the Church that when we, in His name and by His authority, ordain this servant to do this work His blessing may be upon him, and, upon the service which he offers. We meet here, brethren, to ordain Mr. Macintyre as a missionary for the North of Queensland. It so happens that the minister who resides in the district (Mackay) where Mr. Macintyre is going to do his Master's work is leaving ¡minn dia'x-ly, and the reason we have so hurriedly carried out this ordination is in order that Mr. Macintyre may bsinttodii. ed to his work before the resident ministers leaves, and was presided. 'icu'Jy take! up his duties. The Rev. MODERATOR then put the usual questions to the candidate for ordination, and the Rev. A. C. SMITH having offered prayer, proceeded to admonish the newly- appointed missionary. He pointed out that his duties necessarily would be of no light or vain portant character; that he was required to go amongst men who knew nothing or worse than nothing of the light of the Gospel, and that he would have to contend against heathen ignorance on their part and to cope with human natures different in most respects from those which he had previously come in contact with. If, however, he regarded himself as an instrument in God's hands to do His work, he could not fail of success in bringing souls to Jesus, for the promises to such as went forth in God's came to preach the gospel were unchangeable and certain, Mr. Smith also took occasion to speak on the remarkable results that had already been achieved in Christian work amongst the kanakas in Queensland. He stated, that in February of last year, Miss Young, of Fairymead, near Bundaberg, began her work amongst the kanakas on the sugar plantations with the assistance of a missionary named Mr. Johnson, and in eight months they had been successful in establishing nine classes, each containing forty-eight kanakas, making a total of 432 scholars, while in September last sixteen converts' were baptised and several more had given indications of a re- formed nature. In the last number of the "Southern Cross," a journal published in Melbourne, Mr. Eustace, of the Hummock Plantation, had also given very encouraging evidence of the progress of the work since that time. The rev. gentleman expressed the hope that the church would not confine its missionary work to the Queensland kanakas only, but would also do something on behalf of the aborigines. The service concluded with prayer offered by the Rev. J. McSwaine and the singing of the doxology. 