" is THE MOUS _ fir Tuesday the Speaker produced a medical certify «?tïiïdbodnng the authoritative statement that Mr. ÄrtheChoirman of Committees was.not,only taW bit likely to remain there for a few days.-. It 1 for the Premier took the one step necessary to see hostilities by proposing Mr. Garrard asks Em exceptionally endowed with the 'faculty of, pre £ over discordant committees. It was the Lotion leader this time who went, a onerous non vases- A smart interchange of doubtful civilities had just begun to stutter when ""followed on the Premier's promise to introduce a "roMsal that would meet with universal. sent" This is to nominate four members on any one of whom the Speaker could call to preside. Thus Mr. Garrard s elevation was acquiesced in, but not before come vicious thrusts passed between divers representatives. Mr. Dibbs knew both the member for Balmain (by, . Garrard), and the chosen of Burrowa (Mr. Slattery). They were gentlemen of high moral excellence and oxT options intellectual force. But Mr. Garrard in his conscience must acknowledge his inferiority to Mr. Slattery when it came to a question of precocity. This shows that Mr. Dibbs has a good deal yet to learn of the peculiarities of human nature. For there is scarcely an individual who does not in his heart believe himself to be more prodigally gifted than his fellows. Indeed, civilisation would never have emerged from savagery but for this divine faith in one's own excellence. There are members in the House who were never outside Port Jackson or who never learnt the flute ; but, to their credit be it said, they would accept command of the Mediterranean squadron at an hour's notice, or step on the platform with a light heart to take part in a duet with Herr Siede, Such men have a future * * * This unpleasant episode was not suffered to pass without an attempt to raise' the disturbing cry of "sectarianism." It is always unwise to go far afield for an explanation of an event, when a much more reasonable explanation is lying at your feet 'It is extremely improbable on the face of it that the Premier was swayed by any such consideration. At all events a much more rational view concerning his motives is, close at hand. Still, once set to discover men's motive.? in doing certain things or in leaving others undone, and you are certain to go wrong. Old Sara Johnsen on returning home in the small hours would touch every post on the way, and go back half a "mile if he thought he'd missed one. No one ever could say why, and he was not quite sure himself. Where the mistake appears to have been made was in' " springing" the thing unexpectedly on Mr. Slattery. In the circumstances of the case courtesy would have' dictated a different course. of * * Some liveliness was introduced into the proposal to subsidise agricultural societies by the opposition of the Hon. Treasurer, Mr. Burns, to many of the grants, on the ground that it was merely frittering away treasure unnecessarily. For a time Mr. Burns's carriage blocked the way, but the crush behind was so strong and vene; ment that the Treasurer's tilbury had to move on or be run over. Mr. Kelly could not quite perceive why his constituents should not have some of the plants pause] some of the good things going, A cheery smile usurped many hard-set faces and raised the cloud of gloom caused by the preceding dispute, Mr. O'Sullivan dissected the Treasurer's proposals with unpitying mordancy. He failed to see why money could be found for pyrotechnics and guzzling, for wharfs, and State Houses, and not for the agricultural education of the masses. Then, as for travelling shows, the project could only have sprung from a badly balanced mind. - It was encouragement to husbandry that was wanted, not a string of peripatetic circuses'. No sooner was everything ripe for the exhibition of prize cattle and abnormally developed pigs, than down came the Government "like a wolf on the fold." So" he glanced fixedly at the silent and. supercilious Treasurer, and then bitterly sat down. Mr Barbour hinted that the praiseworthy pains taken by the Deniliquin sheep and cattle to get fat should be encouraged. Mr. Carruthers Would loyally side with the Treasurer in the crusade against small agricultural societies. So would strangle these infants without > pity. This ' "eagerness to enter on a remorseless vendetta against , prize rams brought Mr. Burdett Smith to the front with bent brows. He suggested delicately that during 20 odd years in Parliament he had been obliged to listen to what is known among uncultivated people as "Tommy rot;" but such phenomenal ignorance of things bucolic as that displayed by the preceding speakers it was never previously his misfortune to hear. Until Mr. Smith spoke Mr. Haynes was quite undecided how to vote-his mind was in that passive, plastic state attributed by metaphysicians to newly- born infants. It is a good sign when members come to the House with minds unbiassed by previous impressions and ready to lean to this side or that, according to the evidence. Owing, however, to the well-known de- pravity (it has been called " cussedness " as well of human nature, it would be too much to expect every person to be as open to argument as the Mudgee member. He acknowled Mr. Smith's spell, and would go "again " the Treasurer. He had been to the Centennial show in Sydney, and thought that-next to a modem prize-fight to a finish it was the drollest thing he'd seen. * * * * # Mr, Frank Farnell also succumbed to Mr. Smith's ratiocination, and felt bound to stop the Government's headlong career. He acknowledged himself fascinated by the member for Macleay's marvelous grasp when- ever it came to country shows. Mr. Dangar demanded, with some asperity, to know what Sydney shows were, and insinuated that the best stock exhibited at them, came from the country. As it is some time since there were cattle stations in George-street, or sheep runs In Balmain, the opinion became general that Mr. Dangar was right. The Treasurer Mid a few additional words, but it was clear from the beginning that he would have to strike his flag Indeed, an impression appeared to arise that his action in the matter was what was commonly known as a feeler," designed to see whence the wind set. to agricultural ghost having been decently Jahn, a murmur of "adjourn " arose from various farmers, and bade fair to become a roar, when Mr., Carruthers boldly essayed to stop the rising tide by "°TS'ko second reading of the Trades Conciliation. Act. The object of this measure is to stop strikes by. means of boards. Ultimately the matter was relegated to a select committee, and Mr. Carruthers resumed his seat with the proud consciousness of having done 3 4 5 t 5 to Mno,Ü-ay,s business may be paid to have begun what Mr. Jfeild's demand to" know something of the proposed loan. True, some questions proceeded this one, such as a request by Mr. Haynes to know if mcMonsiabie Bell had the permission of the Minister of Justice to kick publicans' ships when he felt a little out of sorts and required exercise. But it was felt that if peace officers had only their slender nay to reconcile T to a hazardous service and were denied all wore relaxation, no superior men would remain in ""4 ft'- bald's advance to the table always wusesahush-parüy of apprehension, but principally obscuration in the members present He approaches with the debonair, stately air of a Spanish Grandee, changes he moves proudly along. The Treasurer "Wjuost of the blame on Mr. Goschen's scheme for sang consols, and suggested that, as the British 22ÏS "PI**11"1 to be in a generous mood, it was News V Y WlU to take under his Ttico Miss Mr K11 " Zahn' claims to a substantial dot. Jerboa had witnessed some odd financial anviTn81111"3 time, but could not call to mind timed , B*hoseo£tho Present Government. So SS As" Mr- Barrett asked that certain" Tls a corner PU_,cllaSe might be adjudicated upon by its Whenever- M'Elhone partly interpolated that you might have a finger in the pro your thinking v. me had to be drawn somewhere, and as membTfofrTf0UreÍas Good a Place as £7. ss SS the Ulph Humor is stated to express ingto?th_10tv,P09tT«tOT"Q.cn6Va1'9* urn' The Yds eL'n Ü thoroughfare immediately north of the him antltUtl0n.^icU aol<»°"^g03 his sway afforded am an opportunity for the exercise of the talents in ft AL £1500? he proposed to sea it is? Ofootbo,,.6^11^ Unable hire a substitute o OW boulevard for the present unsightly news srszTTabroa?tbat tws SAXE and M ,Ä for into a canter of years, ago a?" statement went home 4 the """a the sueD CIon, Some mothers would be I a 20-foot street, deeming such a width no more than the magnificent building was fairly entitled to. J With characteristic seamen, however, the Upper Hunter representative failed entirely to recognise the necessity, for widening the way at all.- His views on thefitibject! were so original and BO temperately urged thntyia the event of a division among the 85 members present, he could certainly count on having majority of less than 34 against him. The Government Railways "Bill having been returned. from the Council with some important amendments, the House became a committee to sift them. The question of leasing the refreshment rooms gave an opportunity to many to unload their minds of an accumulation of wrongs inflicted on them at various times by the pushing people at' country termini who succeed in obtaining a shilling for twopence worth of food. The provender supplied at railway stations throughout the world (Russia ex centre) has long since become proverbial for its cunning composition and marvellous effects. One or two, travelled members assured the chairman effusively that the shilling team of New South Wales was far ahead of the Victorian, while Heliogotialus might arise satis-' fled from the half-a-crown repast. This statement met with considorableincredulity,all the more obvious because expressed in hard, metallic mockery. One member hinted demurely that he dated his antipathy to the Chinese from the morning he had a cup of tea at Junee Junction. As for the sand- wishes it was wisely resolved to touch them as tenderly as possible. During the time this important matter was being dissected many of the remarks made were so consonant with truth that the public in the gallery presented a tier of smiling faces like those turned towards the teacher by the head boys of a rustic school on the receipt of the news that a circus was observed approaching. Indeed, so great at one time because the tendency to unseemly hilarity that, to prevent complications, the sedate locking official at the door was obliged at short intervals to raise his hands in deprecation of undue dernonslrativenoss. v e r e e Again Carne the Land Bill in committee, and once again Mr.. Slattery occupied the chair. Over some clauses something resembling general engagements took place, while others went down before the first fusillade. In this way five clauses 18 to 17 were dealt with when progress was reported The fact was, there a peared to be a tacit understanding that the 18th was a stiff one, and there was shown a general indisposition to attack such an obstacle when the night was so far advanced. The consideration of this imPPrtant¡olausei was therefore postponed for another occasion, and the sequel showed that there was sound reason for the postponement, , * * 4 * * A paragraph for Mr. Melville. It is accorded, him "because he was Thursday's chosen Chairman of Committees. tIn that dizzy elevation all the hold irony and infinite sarcasm so associated with his name left him the moment he took his seat were cast aside as a garment. He kept the House in a constant simmer, r not by any mal apropos pleasantries' or ill-timed coarseness, but by the profound! melancholy that at once assumed undisputed possession of his face, and the and devotion to duty that swayed his actions. The way he brought impulsive members to a sense of propriety-a sense of the duty they owed themselves and their follows showed talent of the highest order. His dignified rebukes of Mr. M'Elhone elicited universal applause. It was Jack Falstaff and Prince Hal once more. "With becoming seventy he warned the member for the Upper Hunter not to trespass too far from good nature-not to suppose that former partnership ( would avail naught in condoning violence. At last the' opinion became universal that the member for Northumberland had missed his vocation, that the stage, and the stage alone, offered sufficient scope for gifts such as his. Once Mr. McElhone appeared ripe for rebellion. " And this from a pal " was legibly visible on his frank face; but the words of impatience died on his lips as he appeared to take in the whole situation and laughed heartily. ' It was novel, superb, unapproachable. t * * * * The 13th clause promises to be Mr. Garrett's Plevna. Over it he nailed his colours, and proclaimed his intention of tearing the whole bill into shreds should MR. Abbott's addenda, and excisions be adopted. Mr. Abbott was caustic and determined, Mr. Smith (Jago) logical, Mr. Fitzgerald pungent, powerful,, and it might be added, pitiless. Mr. Slattery vehemently, invited attention to the fact that with the liberties of the country trembling in the balance, hut 24 members out of some 120 could be found to attend the debate. As 18 of these were (Government supporters, leaving G'l to represent the Opposition, it was scarcely judicious for the Burrowa member to so markedly emphasize the disregard of duty displayed. It is little wonder "that the fight raged so fiercely round clause 18 when it is rembered that in its present shape it means the virtual omnipotence of the Minister for Lands. It was hazardous to introduce it, and, when we retired from the House, opinions were pretty equally divided as to whether it would ever find a place in the Statute Book. 