ARIU THE-LIBYAN] AN IDYL OF THE PRIMITIVE CHURCH. BOOK I. Chatter V.—A Pagan Hermit, Old and Gbay, At the age of 16 the lad Anus was very thoroughly informed in knowledge of the king dom of heaven, as that knowledge had besn taught in the Church from the very days of Jesus and the twelve. In thoBe days the only written authorities relied upon by Christians ., were the four gospels and the Acts of the Apostles. The letters of Paul, espesially tho3e written againBt Judaism, the epistles of Peter, of John, of Jude, of Hermas, Trenseus, Poly carp, and others, were held in high esteem as the deliberate utterances of wise and pious men; but even the humblest Christian never hesitated to quote the gospels and the Acts against any of them with whose opinions he was dissatisfied. The wilderness of creeds and dogmas which in later times grew up out of these epistles was entirely unknown to primi tive Christianity; yet the perusal of them was advantageous to the youDg.manin many ways. The journey s of Paul aroused in his active mind a keen desire to know more of the world, and of the religion, manners, and customs of other.nations; and the knowledge that AmmoniuB had acquired of different lands and peoples, both by -his sea faring observations and by such reading and conversation as circumstances, had rendered possible to . him, seemed to have been absorbed by his son in the loDg years of constant and affectionate intercourse between them, and tbiB was no small stock of infor mation, for tbe Mediterranean was then in every sense the "middle"- sea, the highway of the world; and it'was impossible foraBhrewd intelligent shipowner and sailor like Ammonius to navigate its waters for years without being brought into personal contact with men out of every nation under heaven. In the Bame way the lad had almost uncon sciously acquired an intimate knowledge of the fauna and flora of Cyrenaica, and in fact of Northern Libya, and could name almost every plant, animal, bird, and insect in the vicinity. of Baucalis; so that even at this early age he had laid the foundations of future acquisi tions in every department of knowledge that was in any way accessible unto Mm, and had acquired a sturdy habit of independent thought and examination about everything that came witMn the range of his observation. On Sabbath evenings (the word Sunday was then unknown to the Christian world) he loved to wander aloDg the seashore or through the wooded mountains that everywhere arouad Baucalis rose up from the water's edge and rolled away like gigantic aud immovable billows Mgh and higher southwardly toward the great Barcan plateau. On one bright afternoon he had wandered farther westward than ever before, going far beyond the limits of the land appurtenant to the farm. He was weary wich climb ing over the endless ; hills, and reclined to reBt upon a projecting rock beneath an ample shade of forest-tree3, and gazed away over the calm and brilliant expanse of the peaceful Mediterranean. But not long had he reBted there when his quick ear caught the sound of slow and measured footfalls as some'unBeen person paced slowly back and forth upon a diminutive plateau that stretched still farther weBtwardly along the mountain side. The intervening foliage Md the person from sight, and the lhd's curiosity being aroused by the presence of a stranger in a spot so secluded he quietly went forward, and a few steps brought him to the place where this little stretch of level ground had been care fully denuded of trees and seemed to be culti vated as a garden. Then he saw a tall, gray* haired, venerable-lookiDg man, with dovracast eyeB and Blow, deliberate step coming in his direction along a narrow walk that lei directly through the cultivated laud. Almost at the same inBtant the aged man perceived him also, but quietly pursued his way, and, when he had come near, Ariua_ reBpectially bowed and saluted him. The ancient returned his salutation, and added words which the boy did not understand, but the lad said, in the Greek toDgue, then in common use through Cyrenaica: "I" think thou speakest the language of Egypt, which I do not compre hend; If thou wilt speak in Latin or in Greek, I can understand thy wishes or thine orderB." The old man gazed at him in astonishment, but answered in the Greek toDgue: "Surely thou art an Egyptian and in the course of a long life I have never met with a son of Egypt that could not speak Ms mother tongue if he could speak at all!" i "Yea, sir," answered Arms, "I am alto gether a son of Egypt, although born oa an adjacent farm, but my parents would never use that language, and while they carefully instructed me in Greek and in Latin aud in Hebrew and in the Aramean tongue of the Israelites now in ueb they would never permit me to learn an Egyptian word." "Strange enough !" said the ancient. " Dj3t thou- know any reason why thy parents thus forbade thee to acquire the primitive and wonderful old speech of the land of Kern?" "Yea, Bir," answered Arius. "I have heard my father say that in Ms childhood he wa3 placed in a temple and dedicated to Ammon, and that when he grew older he liked neither the temple nor the god, and fled away to follow another course of life; and I thiak that hs believed the language of the Nile region to possess some peculiar power over every son of Egypt, and that to preserve m9 from that influence, whatever it may be, he detired of me that I would never seek to learn that speech—at least not for many years to come." "And tby father was wi-.e," cried the ancient, " for, if ever the powers of darkness gave any gift to man, it surely was the strange language of the dwellers by the Nile, Cen turies before there were any such paople as Greek's and Romans, centuries before the Israelites became a nation, bo long ago that the universe seems growing old since then, and the earth itself bath nodded out of the line on which the mighty pyramid was built up . to point to the polar &tar;, even then, boy, the language of Egypt was a perfect instrument of thought, adapted with superhuman cunning to the purposes of idolatry, with rhythms and intonations in the utterance of it, that prick the sensuality of human nature like a goad and deaden conscience with some Mysterious witch like power wMch the intelligence can no more xesist.than the charmed bird can escape the python's fascination, and no more explain than it can explain why the iron touched by the magic Btone pointeth for evermore unto the north, It is the natural language of sensualism and idolatry, and ought to be blotted out of human speech. I tell thee, lad, thy father was wise to forbid thee from seeking to acquire that fearful tongue." "But thou art thyself an Egyptian," said Ari;;s, " and I suppose thou hast long used the wonderful language which thou dost condemn." "Yra," answered the ancient, "but the speech I use is the hieratic form, invented by the prieBts for the very purpose of keeping their souls free from the polluting power of tha popular forms of speech, to which a pure thought or expression is well-nigh impossible. But cidBt thou come hither to seek me out," asked the ancient, " or was thy coming acci dental ? What is thy name ? Of what religion art thou ? Why hast thou come to me 1 The old man spoke hurriedly aud apparently with much anxiety, aud the boy could not con jecture the cause of Ms manifest excitement, but after a moment's reflection upon the bitter and strange denunciation of man's ancient speech, and the subsequent things spoken by his companion, he replied in singularly musical and persuasive toneB, the mesmeric light burn ing in Ms eyes, the bold peculiar head erect and slightly bending forward toward Mm whom he addressed—"My name, sir, is Arius; my coming hither iB purely accidental, as I sup posed tMs mountain-side to be entirely unin habited ; my religion is that of our Lord aud Saviour JeBus Christ." " Thou art a Christian," Baid the ancient, in toneB of great astonishment; "so young too, but clear, bold, aud settled in the new faith, as tby voice and manner undoubtedly proclaim, I am much pleased with thee, boy. Come thou with me, where I dwell alone, for 1 desire to speak with thee more fully. Wilt thou not come, Arius "Willingly, Bir, if the distance be not too great," replied tbe lad. " It is very nigh," said the ancient; and then he turned and followed the path weBt for per haps fifty yards, and -then the path led south wardly for about the same distance, and stopped at an abrupt and deuBely-wooded ele vation in the side of the mountain. Arius saw that a rough but substantial stone wall formed the outside of a room that was for the most Eart composed of a cavity under the rock, and aving passed through a door, on each side of which waB a long, narrow window admitting light into the apartment, the ancient said, "Here is my dwelling, Anus; come thou within." The room was nearly 20 feet square; the floor was smoothly covered with dry, white band, procured, perhaps, by pulverising Band rocks taken from the mountainj there was a ^wooden table in the middle of the apartment, jl^ove which a huge oil-lamp was suspended, and smaller table upon one side, upon which rested A complete service of beautifully fashioned .earthen plates, cups, pitchers, dishes, aU(S similar articles. There were several largd and comfortable chairs made of huge reeds curifttaJy interwoven, and a couch constructed pf thd material, and covered deep but smoothly ^th. lamb skins, dressed with the wool on. Everything about theplacein dicatedarathercoarsebut g^auinecomfort, even to the presence of several bea'^tifai goats that came with their kidB to the door and gazsd in < at the old man with confidence an<? affection, as .if he were a familiar and (rj,?tworfchy friend, - .. ^ " Be thou seated, my son," said the ancient, " and if then wilt eat,I have here goat's milk, bread, and dried fish and fruits in abundance." "I am not an hungered," answered the lad, "hut partake of the bread and milk to honor thy hospitality," which he did, and found both excellent. "Thy very palatable bread," he said," is the same with that made at my home by Thopt, and is, she saith, the same lhat priests at Memphis always preferred to eat." "Even so," replied the ancient, "and at Memphis for many years, indeed, I did eat thereof, and learned there the manner of the preparation of it." And when the lad had finished his slight repast the old man said—" Thou art a Chris tian, boy; in what, then, dost thou believe ? Tell me briefly, what doBt thou believe ?" Then the lad stood up as he had been accus tomed to do at home; the fine but peculiar head involuntarily erected itself upon his long and ehapely neck, and drooped a little for ward, a strange, scintillant light gleamed in hi8 sweet, dark eyes; his elevated and ex tended right hand waved gently from aide to side like the baton of a music-master; and his musical, pene trating voice rang out clearly and in cisively as he said—"I believe in God the Father Almighty, and in Jesus Christ, his only-begotten Son, onr. Lord, who was con ceived of the Holy GboBt, bom of the Virgin Mary, crucified under Pontius Pilate, dead, and buried; the third day he rose from the dead, and ascended into heaven, and sitteth on the right band of God the Father Almighty, whence he Bhall come to judge the quick and the dead. I believe in the Holy Ghost, in the holy common church, in the forgiveness of sin, in the resurrection of the dead, and in the life everlasting. Amen 1" "So thou believest!" said the ancient, " But why dost thou say ' only- begotten' son? Are not all men the sons of God, even as the Greek poet saith, 'For we also are his off spring T " "Yea?" answered Arius, "all men are his sons by creation, and some of them by adop tion—Jesus alone by generation; he was ' be gotten,'cot made." "True! true!" said the ancient; "so teach the gospels, which I have here with me. So thou beiieveBfc! When didst thou learn this faith, thou whole Egyptian; and dost thou never doubt it ?" \- " I know not when I learned it," answered Arius; "I was learning it from my mother when I lay helplessly upon her breast; I Was learning it from my father when he dandled me upon his knees; every day and hour of my life I have learned it more and moreand then, involuntaiily rising upon his tlptoe3, like a python standing upon its tail, with his head erect and bending slightly forward, and sparkling eyes agieam, he exclaimed, "and I never was snch an idiot as to doubt it at all," Then, as if modestly conscious of some im propriety in such demonstrative utterances in the presence of one so aged and venerable, he sank lower upon his chair with an ingenuous blufh. "Oglorious certitude of youth and hope,"said the ancient mournfully. "0 bold, triumphant faith, fitting its possessor for happy and jubilant exertion in the accomplishment of all life's aims and purposes. Thou wast 'never such an idiot as to doubt it.' But X, that have seen nigh fourscore years of mieery, do doubt it much and painfully. I that have mastered all the arts, science, and religion of ancient Egypt—a land that was wrinkled with age centuries before the era of old Moses; I that know both all that the priests of Hem ever taught th9 people, and also the higher and mora recondite forms of ignorance in which the priests them selves believed—I verily know nothing ! I can scarcely believe in anything save universal spiritual darkness, for which no day-spring cometh; and universal wretchedness, for which there is no cure, O wretched man that I am, who shall.deliver me from this body of death ?" (To be continued.J 