'l^eleg^rapbio. Special Cable Service. London, August 3. The race for the Goodwood Stakes nu run to-day with the following result :— A. Taylur'B b.fc. Stonrhend, 1 j A. O. Barclay's b. or br.c. Olan Ohattan, 2 ; Duke of Beau fort's br.f. Fealty, 3. - ? '' The Rev. Mr. Hunter, of Stornoway, has cabled to Mrs. Jessie Oampnell Brown, who offered to assist 1000 crofters and their' families in the island of Lewi* to emigrate to New South Wales, that he cannot enter tain the scheme until details have been received. iheRightBev. J. Moore, Roman OathoUc Bishop of BaUarat, will return to hisdioceao in October. It has been arranged to establish a branch of the order of Sisters of Nazareth oud of the Fathers of the Holy Ghost at BaUsrat. London, August 4: Freights to Sydney nnd Melbourne have advanced Be. per ton. The Italian Government have informed the European Powers that the Italian ring has been hoisted at Zulln, in AmiMley Bay, on the west coast of the Red Sea, and a short distance south of Massuwab. It has been officially denied that her Majesty the Queen will .visit Baden, wheni it was Btutud she would meet the Einporor of Germany on the 13thrSept«mber. Tim 'Citizen,' a London jxjK- spnper, publishes a jiaragraph stating that Lord Carriugtun has intimated a desire to resign the (jnveronrehip ot New South Wales before the end of the year. Jt is .uiiiuuuced that Germany has assumml tho protection »f Pleasant Island, one of the Marshall Group, in the North Pacific. TheEiRht Hon. H. C. Baikcs, Postmasler Gentiml, replying to thi; protest of Sir Gra ham Berry, AgenKJenernl for VictoriK, states that the Imperial Government cannot alter tliuir decision vrith regard to the day ' of departure of the English moils from - Adelaide, and lie hopes tbat the Agents. General will induce the various colonial!' Governments to accopt the situation. A report of the proceedings of the Fan Anglican Conference, at Lambeth, has been ' published, from nhiuh it appears that the conference resolved not to recutmists divorce except on the ground of adultery, and to refuse re-marriage to a person divorced on any other grounds ; alsu, that a perwm re marrying under such conditions ftould. be regarded as h polygamist. The question of conferring the title of urohbishop on colonial primates hus been reported favorably uuun, but not yet decided. Losdon, AiguatG. Tho serieB of naval manoeuvres commenced some time ago b'y tho British fleet are still being continued, tlie scene of operations at present being the ivest coast ol Scotland. The port of Ouan was blocladed by a por tion of the fleet, but the screw cruiser Calyp so, 16 guns, one of the vessels of the attach ing squadron, succeeded in eluding the bluckaders aud captured the iihtcu. The gunboat Spider also buraharcled Greenock and CampbeUtown, and claims to Invve tie sttuyed the shipping in those ports. The ' Nord Deutsche Zeituug' declares tiat tho document published qy the * Sou velle Revue' iu Paris, purporting to bo a secret report by Prince Bismarck igninst the marriage of Prince Alexander of Button berg and the Princess Victoria of Gerinauy, .» a forgery. ' It is rmnnrod that the Bight Rev. Dr. Barry, Bishop of Sydney ana Primate of Australia, will succeed tbe Bight Rev. Dr. Stuhhs as Bishop of Chester. The death. U umnuncud ot General Philip Henry Sheridan, dmunuuder of the United States Army, tigud B' years. Losnoy, August 7. Senator Blair has introduced a resolution in tbe United States Senate tn the effect that negotiations be opened with the Go vernment of Great Britain with n view to the political union of Canada with tho United Sta'.ee. The Local Government (England) Bill hu passed through committee in tbe House of Lords. In tho House of Commons to-day. Sir James Fcrgusaon, Under Secretary fur Foroign Affairs, in reply b- a question, stated tbat there was no hope that the French authorities would permit the Rev. Mr. Jones, the English missionary, to re turn to tiie Island of Mare, whence he was nxon'Ay expelled. At Che Mine time Sir James Fergusson said that notbiug had been proved affecting Mr. Jones's character, aud he believed that the latter bad con ducted a Christian and meritorious work in tho Loyalty Gruup. Replying to n question by Dr. Tanner in theHuuse of Commons tu-day. Baron Henry Do W.,rms, Under Secretary for the Colonies, stated thnt the Colonial Office had received a protest from Victoria against pauper immigration to that colony. The naval manoeuvres by tlie British fleet are being continued on the coast' of Scot land. The blockado of the variuus nurta has now boon raised, and tho cruisers form ing part of Admiral Tryun'a Attacking squadron aro hurrying the merchant ship ping. In the House of Commons to-day. Sir George Campbell, member for Kirknldy, gave notice that he would nsk tho Govern ment on Thursday whether Sir Honry Parkos, Premier of New South Wales, liad admitted that hu was acting illegally in pre venting Chinese landing at Sydney, or hod. stated that be woe determined to exclude the Chinese in spite of the Imperial Govern mont; ; hIso, whether Lord Carrington as sented to tlie bill granting an indemnity to the Government for their action, and whether such bill was in accordance with existing treaties between Great Britain and Clnnu. Lo.vdox, Augusts. There has been an extensive strike of weavers at Amiens, in France, and con tinuous rioting is taking place. The men on striko are attacking the factories, one of which has boon sacked and burnt Aseveto conflict took place between the gendarmes and the rioters, the former charging the mob with drawn swurds, and evuutuaUy dispersing them. The debate on the bill for the appoint ment of a commission to inquire intu the charges made against Mr. FAmell by the ' Tiuius' wos rammed in tho Bouse of f'oin- j mons last night, on the motion fur the adoption of thu report of the committee on j the bill. On tbe motion of Mr. Mattbewe, Home Secretary, new clansia.vrero inserted providing fur the arrest nnd punishment of witnesses neglecting to obey'* n summons from the commission or refusing to give evidenco. Several proposals were brought forward by members of the Parnellite party, with u view to liuiitiru; the -tsi-i-e -if the in quiry, but Hcrfi rejected. Tlie debate n-ns eventually adjourned. Chinese by the Spanish authorities in the Philippine Islands. The bill for appointing a commission to inquire into the charges mode by the * Times' against Mr. Paroell passed its third reading in the House of Commons to News has been received from Valparaiso of b terrible storm having occurred there. Seven Teasels in the harbor were wrecked, and twenty-four persons were droVned, while there were also a number of disasters on shore. * Tbe 'National Zeitung,' a Berlin aein paper, asserts that. tbe recent meeting of the Emperor William and the Czar atCron stadt has resulted in the establishment ot mutual confidence, and. insured peace be tween the two empires for years to come. The fuiieral of a Communist at Paris to day wns made the occasion ota renewal'*! rioting on the part of the navvies on strike and others' The disturbances ?assumed so neriouva character that Ibe police had to charge 'the mob with drawn sabres, whici were freely used. The riotors fired upon tlio police with revolvers, aud in the en counter thirty persons wore wounded. . ' Lokdon, AuguBt 9. Later news from Paris with regard to the riots there shows that a bomb was thrown into a police station while the funeral cortege was poBRing, but fortunately it did not explode. The police, previous to mak ing a sortie on the mob. arrested a number of mail who were crying ' Vive la Com mune' and 'VivefaBeTOlurion.' News has been received from Natal that the Zulu cbieE SomVeVi, who has been con cerned in tne recent disturbances, has ar rived at Ekowe, the British centre of Britiih Zululand. Tho Bight Hon. Polydore De.&eysery; Lord Mayor of London, entertained the members of the Ministry Bt a banquet at the Mansion Houoe laufnight. In tlie course of the apeeohee marie -m the occasion, Lord George Hsirrilton, First Lord , of ibe Admiralty, rtateastto^tbeWvtl uundouvrea lmw being conducted by the British fleet showed that the bid methods of warfare were unreliable, jarid the're'was ira urinont danger of LoudoE,being botiibanled in tbe event of war betweo£ Great Britain^ and n naval pnwer. - V Lord Salisbury made a long speech on political affairs in which he stated that the Local Government Bill, whiphtias just been passed, hsd solved a difficult problem with but injuring vested privileges. While other nations had been increasing their debta and decreasing their credit, Great Britain had been doing the reverse. With reference to Inland, lie claimed that -the Government had succeeded in diminishing the tyranny, of eeoret Bodcbies over' the people, of that country, and hadincreaied the, sanctity of contracts. Speaking on foreign .'aJTjura, he stated tliat .tranquillity prWaUe4gntoro&-l. ; Be wns .coutident that the 'rulers- o£ the tviM-ld desired uninterrupted peace, and*' conviction wn'o ?stealinjr' jipun 'European ' statesmen that, it ' Woo * advisable' ??not to meddle 'with the. affairs of Bulgaria. He believed that the Emperors-William of Oermnnj- would he a^credjfjjbptji to his English and Oernuin, M^tSHSvNuthing, the Premier declared, ,wo.ffld Ire. more desirable than that the .'policies of the Kussian and German 'Smpires ahquld bo- . cmne panllul, as any rupture of peace be tween Germany and Hussis menaced the . peace of Austria also, .-,.;. The Porte has manifested 'Considerable ? irritation at the recent annexation of Zulln, on the west coast of the Bed Sun, by the Italians. Thi) bill prohibiting tie -Immigration of Chinese has been adopted by the United , . ? ? States Senate. The semi-official German newspaper, the ? 'Nord Duutucfi Zeitung,' declares that France trill bfl responsible for any quarrel with Italy arising nut of the occupation of Mossowali by tlto latter, and that the protest of France against the occupation was far fetched. It further declnres that. France, of all tho nations, attaches tlie leHst value to tho preservation' of the peace uf Europe. 