THE PRIMATE ON THE THREE "SCHOOLS." The Primate, having in a masterly way described the rise of the Evangelical, the , Puseyite' or Sacerdotal, and the Broad ... Church movements in the Church of England, summed up all in a fourth . lecture, in which he showed thatthe effects \- of each have survived, and exercise a 1 tangible influence on the whole1 church : ' life, even at this time. His view is that . the influence has been in each case good and not evil ; and that the essential prin- cipleB'of them all are not antagonistic but . .comprehensive. We admire, the bold comprehensiveness of the Primate's own . teaching, which shames the narrow and bigoted exclusiveness of those who arro gate to themselves the name of the Catholic Party. The very name " Catho lic " implies the broadest baBe of a church .embracing all sections of Christians ; hut , the very first idea of the pseudo-Catholics is to narrow the church down to compre hend only those who hwve a particular form of external government. " All who " profess and call themselves Christians" /is the prayerbook equivelent for the \ Catholic Church ; all who retain the pre sidency of a diocesan prelate, are the i exclusive Catholics of the Sacerdotalists. Now the Primate said, " we cannot afford . to limit our church to one single phase of thought and practice." Very good. If the Church means the Catholic Church, and not a mere conventional fraction of it, then the principle of what is called . High Church, which unchurches large . sections of Christ's flock, must he essen- tually wrong, being essentially bigoted and- uncharitable.' Indeed the Bishop appears to see this quite clearly. " If," he says, "by the belief in Apos tolical succession is meant the denial of all real ministry of Christ, except under the old episcopal order, the assertion that all other ministry which we must in our principles hold to be irregular, is also in valid; then this again the Church of England has distinctly declined to hold, and I thank God that she has never thus bidden her children to shut their eyes to the visible facts of God's dealing, and un church their fellow Christians. That there have been now and in the days gone by, individual churchmen and divines who have said this, I know. But here, also, I believe that their teaching has not really told, because alien from the spirit of the Church of England." Oh ! what a different front the Chureb of Christ would present to the world if the aspirations and hopes of Bishop Barry were those of the party of whom he was treating, whose faults he was attempting to minimize, and in whose Catholic (?) movement he tried to discover some essential good comparable with that of the Evangelical revival. The essential differences which he detected were based on two necessary truths, he said — The Evangelical revival on the individual re lationship of the sinner and saint with God, through Christ, justifying and pardoning, the High Church revival on those relations of Christians with each other and to the whole society, the Catholic Church, and this body to God. We do not think this is an adequate state ment of the essential differences; but accepting it for the moment, we ask had not the bishop contradicted his own argument in attributing an equal or nearly equal good to both ? The Evangelical revival he describes as the application of the glad tidings of salvation to every man who comes to Christ with faith, allowing nothing to interfere, and requiring only the individual act and reception. Now that is Catholicity — that is Universality — it is " preaching the Gospel to every creature." Nothing couhl he more Catholic than that. And there is the aggregation of all who answer this call, — which is " of all nations and languages" — "the whole family in Heaven and Earth." Is not this the true Catholic Church? Why it was the Evangelical revival which has left us this revival idea which had been lost in the exclusiveness and sectarianism of the dark ages, and was moribund under the high and dry Churchianitv of the day. It remained for the present high Churchianity to make a party against true Catholicity, and call their ex clusiveness Catholic. What then has this party done to entitle itself to equal regard with the other ? The " Catholic" idea is that with which the bishop seems to credit them, but that is the thing which they utterly refuse. In the bishop's own words they unchurch their fellow Christians. They narrow church life to one single phase of thought and practice." The Primate is so pervaded by his own broad views, tbat he imagines them to exist where they are hated. We have quoted his words respecting the Ministry — the denial of it to those outside the old episcopal order, — the unchurching of non-episcopalianB &c.; Divines andlaymen have maintained these views, but I believe their teaching has not really told, because alien from the spirit of the. Church of England." Surely here was optimism horn of the thought and theory rather than that of fact. The truth is, that the whole of the party to which he was alluding bold strenuously, land openly, and defiantly, that view of whichhe says that " it has not really told." It isl the prevailing tone of high church teach ing, and we believe that if his . Lordship take the trouble to ask the question of" those who " hate the name of Protestant," and of those who are only high, the very theory of the Ministry which he says has not told, will be found all but universal among them. That very arrogance ib" the cause; beyond all 'others of the secession of such immense numbers from the Church of England both formerly and now, and one may easily detect it in the Synod itself as well as in Church private conversation, when the word dissenter is emphasised.. The bishop may do much to discourage such unworthy tendencies, but to ignore , them is not wise, and we well know that a large portion of his church is saturated with them. The ghost is there, and re mains there whether one turns his hack on it or not. There is one passage in the last lecture, for whose plain testimony we should thank God — viz. " Or if again by Sacerdotalism be meant — as should pro perly be meant — the belief that our Ministry involves in any way the offering of a sacrifice of propitiation — the attri bution to the Holy Communion of any thing beyond the sacrifice of praise and thanksgiving, the sacrifice of self- dedica tion, the memorial of the One perfect Sacrifice offered once for all by our Great High Priest on earth, and pleaded for us by Him in Heaven — then in this sense Sacerdotalism is alien to the whole authoritative teaching in our Service and in our Articles. It will not and cannot stand with us." ' ' Precisely so. And so agrees the Pro testant element in that church. But surely the other's teaching involves more than that. It does pretend to offer a propitiatory sacrifice other than ourselves and our prayers, it pretends the offering of a real presence of Christ, it pretends by eating the bread, actually to eat Christ's body. We need only refer to St. Paul's, Burwood, which professes to be not ritualistic, and in fact very moderate, not " advanced " like some places we could, name. Let the bishop read the hymns specially selected for the Lord's Supper, and he will see. They are in style and composition as poems beneath contempt, but ' the doctrine ib plainly materialist on the Eucharist. No, 2 ot those special hymns begins thus — Jesus, gentlest Saviour, Thou art ire ms now. ' , After taking bread and wine "in re-" membrance that Christ died," they ad dress Him, and say He is in them now. There can be no excuse for this language, except on the principle of transubstanti- ation. But No. 3 is perhaps , more flagrantly contrary to the Bishop's view. Its first verse has And having with us Him that pleads above, We here present, we here spread' forth to Thee,1' That only Offering perfect in Thine eyes, The one true, pure, immmortal sacrifice. . ' _ Later on. we have And by this food, so awful and so sweet, . ! Deliver us from every touch of ill, <&c.; Now, if it be true, as the Bishop asserted, that any attempt at offering or presenting anything at the Lord's supper, except our own prayers and ourselves, any propitia tory sacrifice is contrary to the Church of England, and " cannot stand with us." Why does he not. forbid these things ? This is openly printed. It is notconfined to St. Paul's, Burwood. This is merely copied from hymns ancient and modern, which is. widely used here, and elsewhere by millions of copies. If the pretended " offerings and sacrifice " " cannot stand " and prevail how is it that such hymns are so popular? Has. the Bishop ever found fault with them ? Is Mr. Bartlett cen- sured for selecting them ? What of their use in many other churches ? No, no, my Lord, your own belief in this matter we know to be sound and Scriptural, and according to your Prayer book too; but your church is honeycombed with these superstitious sacerdotalisms, and it is in vain you try to minimise the evil. The thing is to exert yourself to eliminate it. That and the Gospel can never agree. If. sacerdotalism in this sense, be '(.alien to the whole authoritative teach ing in your services and in your articles," why does the Bishop, why do nearly all the bishop stacitly , an d openly ( encourage it ? v Shall we. see Bishop, Barry in this as in his liberal Christianity an exception to the majority, of his order? , Time will ten: , r 