WOMAN'S- COLUMN. A WOMAN'S THOUGHTS ON WOMEN NOVELISTS. Every day there comes to us news of some enterprising woman who has forced her way into a profession hitherto closed to her sex. A lady doctor ex- cites in us no curiosity ; we hear of female lawyers famed for their legal acumen ; a lady dentist is already settled in our midst ; while as merely its, architects, surveyors, sharebrokers, not to speak of their legitimate occupations as dressmakers and milliners, women have attained success. Perhaps the only profession now sealed to the female sex, and likely to remain so is that of an ordained minister of the Church. Even now a lady preacher is not unheard of. Yet of all those numerous fields of work, there is none where women have been so successful, which has so long and brilliant scroll of honoured names, as that of the novelist, the first sphere of work in which women attempted to compete with men : and when we think or such names as George Eliot, Charlotte Bronte, Miss Mulock, Charlotte Yonge, Edna Lyall we may well be proud. At no time was novel-reading so universal as at the present. Amidst the hurry, the nervous anxiety, and excitement of life there are many moments when the novel is the only literature that the tired and worried brain is capable of perusing. The demand creates the supply, hence the hundreds of novels, good, bad, and indifferent annually brought out by our publishing firms, and of this great quantity half, probably two-thirds, are the work of women. Turning over a number of novels published during the last decade, the thought struck us that quality was sadly sacrificed to quantity, and we wondered at the labour and time that must have been spent in producing these books, little read, and, for the most part, destined to drop into oblivion. And yet these work are not without their merits. We fancy that should come historian or archaeologist of future ages chance to consult these volumes, he would gain a clear picture of the manners, and, customs, conversation, of our period, though at the same time, he might also receive a curiously erroneous impression of the general tone of thought and feeling. It is impossible not to admire the graphic description of scenery, of open-air amusement, of country-house life, of the very way we manage our homes, our children, our servants ; but it is equally impossible not to be struck with the simi- larity" of the plots and of the characters, however widely different the surroundings in which they are placed. But the most striking feature of these minor novels is woman's character as painted by her own sex. It may possibly be argued that woman must necessarily know herself, and therefore her work in this respect is at least truthful. But is it so? Ruskin says that, though Shakespeare has given us many heroines, he has only given us one hero. We may or may not accept this remark of the great critic, but it points to the possibility that the calmest writer is unable to judge of his or her own sex in as dispassionate a manner as of the opposite one, and the very quality that idealised the one tends to underrate the other. While the charm of their women is a striking characteristic of many of our authors, noticeably Walter Besant, especially in the so works written with his collaborators James Rice, Marion Crawford, Robert Buchanan, William Black, it can hardly be said that women present their sisters in an entirely lovable and wholesome light; though not frequently they give us portraits of really noble men, albeit they incline a little to the type of women's hero, notwithstanding an outer garb of manly form and hard disposition, in this respect very unlike the hectic hero of women's books some 20 years back. There is very often in women's work a certain inartistic partisanship, perhaps born of their very nature, which leads them to make their heroine stand out a model of beauty and charm, amongst women represented as more or less silly, ridiculous, and ill bred in fact making her, as it were, the exception that proves the rule, often intimate with, yet unions dominated by, evil surroundings. And here we touch on the most glaring fault of our modern authoresses, too frequently commented on to need more than a passing allusion here. Possibly in their search after new and thrilling situations they are led to depict scenes and persons curiously at variance to the character they desire to portray ; for the average heroine—she who usually writes in the first person and the present tense, who is (though quite unconcious of the fact) ravishingly charming in spite of shabby dresses and burst shoes, whose education apparently consists in a large stock of poetical quotations generally possesses a cynical knowledge of the world, which, however, does not prevent her, the victim of a blind and passionate adoration, from bringing upon herself various vicissitudes wildly anomalous to the bringing-up, and position she is described, or rather describes herself as occupying. And with this change of tone in the treatment of delicate subjects, has come a noticeable change in religious feeling. A few years ago most women wrote with a strong religious bias, often with a distinct religious object in each book, but this has given way either to a flippant familiarity on sacred topics, or to a pseudo-scepticism tinged with an absurd mysticism which vents itself in a wild jargon of psychical force, spiritual affinities, and' abstract shapes, not to speak of Esoteric Buddhism and Mahatmas, that may well place our modern novels on a par with the romances of tho-Middle Ages, with their familiars, ghosts, and visions. It is, at least, doubtful whether this modern times is either as helpful to our moral conduct in the affairs of life, or as consoling in our troubles as our old fashioned belief in the power of God and the existence of the Devil. It may be argued that these works are often too silly to do much harm ; but the modern novelist has one great power, which, however wildly improbable her plots, and unnatural her characters, awakens an interest, out of all proportion to the actual merit of the book. She makes her people living realities, in whose troubles and trials we can become absorbed to a degree impossible in the vicissitudes of dummies, be they never so well described. It is to be wished that many of these authoresses had the modesty of Miss Jane Auster, who was compelled by her friends to keep her writing a secret for many years, for in these days, when the merest tyro in proud to be pointed out as the author of such and such a book, however bald its plot, and faulty its construction, many books are issued which owe their existence solely to the water's vain-glorious love of notoriety. One of our most popular novelists, in some letters of advice to young authoresses, urgently advises them never to publish at their own expense, as all good work is sure to find a publisher, and if their work is refused they may safely abide the decision. Were this wise advice more often followed we should see less of the work that disfigures the shelves of our circulating libraries. Day by day the influence of the novelist becomes greater and more far- reaching. A critic recently, writing on a new and remarkable novel, observes that in those hurrying days when people live too fast to think, there are certain grave and weighty subjects whose treatment will only gain attention in the guise of fiction. Detrimental as this is to a novel regarded as a work of art, it yet adds greatly to their importance as factors in the life and thought of the day. Surely, then, it would be a noble thing for the average woman novelist to set before herself a higher ideal, a determination to attain a more uniform degree of merit, knowing her work may have a higher end than that of mere amusement, though that is not to be disparaged. Gifted with vivid imagination, with keen observa- tion (if perhaps deficient in reasoning faculty), with graphic and pleasing power of expression, capable as many are of producing work of a very high value, it is within the reach of a far greater number of our authoresses to rise to the level of those whose names shine bright on the roll of fame, of those who, having stamped their work ineffaceably with the mark of their noble and earnest lives, remain to show us to what women can and do attain. G. Some of the most interesting discussions that took place at the british Association (says an English contemporary) were connected with lightning photographs and the lessons they taught. The controversy turned upon lightning conductors, and the Hon Ralph Abercrombie-st luBtiuted lim romances with a number of lightning flash l phologiHphs. He said that photography gave conclusive evidence that flashes were not so instantaneous as was I generally supposed It showed that the glass did not jump from a do id straight to the earth, but went memorium through the air and tying itself into knots, so that it could not be so instantaneous as was imagined. 