ffj~gf #lf f IIi-lI» m Strange Adventures of a House-fcoat. By William Black. I Ci/AJ'TEU \\\ II. I „ „. ... ^ on. and sin?-- ol fairs ana -liov.s I Noff ?n'iliv fai'r« before lii* cyos aro--\ I ',^'X I' ^1^ ^itli plittcrinff toys ave L.1.1. I now P^?11^ of the country maid. I W va!?,°'n Sans ul'°11 tIie twinc- I ^ ofs of % ond'amta bracelets shine ; . I ^ th?ti° nt lass knives combs and scissors spies, I BoJiSts on thimbles with dcsirinp eyes. I ffiS&ext; with tuntf ..1 note he told, ^M li-hnrp silver spoons iuc »«» ? ? r..~. o ? ? SSVind lwscs tiudffe tne street alons, I S all tnc fair is crowded in his song. I t t morning our women folk, though they did not say I ?h frayed' a quite remarkable eagerness and anima I ffl a we could guess the cause; for we had discovered I ti011iI n that we were not more than half-a-dozen miles I -y Worcester: and no doubt such imagination as Heaven I fTvsnehsafed to these two creatures was already running I tramps and purchases. And yot it seemed hard to I v that we were in the immediate neighbourhood of a I tand ancient city, whose story told of sieges and fires I ^massacres, whose streets had resounded with the din of ? Mtleaudthesliouts oi; victorious hosfs. Here, in :i kind ? fdreamlike haze of sunlight, lay quiet fields aud mcu I \ g- the elms and the hawthorns scarcely stirred a leaf; I theonlv l'vinn lhin£ we could see was :l ljueasant storking I rilv'lhrough the long grass and eyeing us from time to I 'mfr-iis plumage a blaze amongst I he green. Then there 9 e Ae yellow waters of the canal ; a small red bridge in I iTedistoco; some further groups oV trees; that was all. I M a sound any where— even the birds had forsaken us. I ' .'Yes, Miss Peggy,' one says to the youug lady, when I n arc all assembled at breakfast, ' you must scold Captain I Columbus for being late. It is easy 1o understand why 9 voua«anxiou8 to push on. We know what your head is 9 full of at this moment. Shops— gloves— laces— white-rose 9 srent-and things of that kind ? No, no. You are a 9 ta'Wer of the Great Republic of the West; and, of ^B course vou are anxious to see the scene of Cromwell's last 19 battle—the 'crowning mercy' that established the Common 9 weath'- 9 'Perev.' says ^rs- Threepenny -bit, with innocent 9 ««« 'T'u haven't been studying English history for 9 Mine time back-1 was quite forgetting' ? 9 'Oh you hold your tongue!' one continues. 'There 9 is only one period of history that is of any importance in 9 vow eves. You see everything from an angle of '45 9 iepem-ntt, I mean ; nothing else has any interest for 9 You. But you, Miss Peggy; well, we will show you the 9 cathedral-tower where Charles II. and his Council of War ^| stood and watched Fieetwood building- his bridge of boats ^| across the Severn ; and we will show you 1 he spot where the 9 Lord-General mussed his forces, bringing them along by 9 Srratford-oa-Avon and Evesham and Pen-bore' ? 9 'Was Cromwell ever at Stratford-on-Avon?' she says 9 quickly— as if that were a very curious circumstance. 9 'Certainly. And we will show you where Fleetwood 9 ™ssed ^e 'i'eme, and drove the Scotch, fighting hard, back ^M into the suburbs of the town; and where Cromwell, on the ^m other side of the Severn, had to give way for a time before 9 Ibe final charge.' ^M 'Is there a theatre in Worcester ?' asks Queen Tita, ^H vith chocking irrelevance: the fate of Charles II. is as ^M nothing to her ; that is not the one of the Stuart family ^M who enlists her sympathy.' 9 'There is.'' H ' Tien we must take Peggy ; she has never been to a H provincial theatre in England; and her education cannot H lie completed without that. Then I mean to send a telegram H to Bell, just to remind her of old limes; how strange it ? villbe to be in Worcester again !' H 'And I shall have a whole heap of letters, I know,' ? says Miss Peggy. H 'And I am trying to make myself believe that I shall ^M W a box of cigars packed among; uiy things .that are ^H coming from Aldershor,' observed our Colonel, somewhat ? wistfully; so that it will bo seen there was a plentiful H variety of reasons why we should gird a little at Captain H Columbus being late. H But when that trustworthy functionary appeared, the H Wlaywas tasily explained. II; turned out that Tibberton 9 .'.^ti^y defined to shelior them for the nijrht. No H WgiDgofany kind or description could be found, either 9 'lereorm the surrounding neighbourhood. So they had H come wandering back to the canal : and at last they had met 9 Jr18 ,mo8t hospitable lock-keeper, who not only offered 9 ,tnenBeofm's parlour for the night, but was so kind H h to provide them with a modest supper, and, moreover, 9 u some kind of saed or an'ther where they ? M1™Putup the horse. We began to wonder how many H MLtanes apo it was that Tibberton received its name of ? wenoly town;' and whether it was a resort of pious H piping, and a populous ami famous place ; and why it had 9 ?™'nPletely and lamentably fallen away from its high 9 Km ' '? lnidst ()f M'h'ic]l !1'llloss speculations Cap 9 ';, olumbus nad once more atfachod our motive power, 9 inlKntly we wero smoothly alidinsr onwards and 9 '^.the city of Worcester, ' I Jr^0 on became aPPai'eiit that Colonel Cameion had 9 IL e° j ? the PW-P°sal of the previous evening that Miss 9 Iffl ''to Wend S'™M pay a visit to Inverfask that 9 eiZTV °Du conlrai-.V, it seemed to have a kind of fas 9 aW. , i ' he ^turned to it .na;ain and again, and 9 mem. suiliption thal: iMvas an accepted engage 9 CLT}? wisli }'ou could remain there long enough to 9 Sm iliUg y llC(luaintPd with l ho people,' said he to 9 lie boat ??' ilSRne was considerately helping to steer 9 'TW WL her w'onze-slippeied foot on the tiller. 9 «« Wlve their foalts'-— 9 »wSL. fl ' J51' EweiJ' interposes Queen Tita, 9 hvS V ^t.110*1011 that her beloved Highland folk could 9 tkii* aJl ,e' rather evasively, 'for one thing, I 9 »nii)E are a ht,tle °Pt to tell you what they imagine 9 'EyT~rather than be stlictly accurate' ? 9 ttcewX . ». 1 douSt lin(i 'iuch to object to in an 9 MoA lTT&y;'' 6he ^y8. at once. « It is a eood deal 9 *e SI f booriRllIless- Most other people wouldn't take 9 SirlCrJ* n»fe- tiling, pleasant for yU. I'm afraid, 9 ^Uandera!' t°tind soineotuer fault with my 9 ''toy not ^f8 ?0ing to teU Misa itossl}Ti what was cer ? rfi^V ^ faults,' said he, -and that is 9 'fca-femai ? £y llves amonS them- andis a little kind to 9 Section ZvTy ?» her manner, I mean— it is wonderful the 9 ^take -$*? 8how towards her, and the pride they 9 ^othMtliuie-0^g little services- And then there's 9 *''* vrho W' «Tey are tne on^v peasantry I have ever met 9 ^dest of them''—!? °f Saying pretty and nice things; I Th«Snnt £7en- *here are none of them rude!' Mrs. I ?«- goi^fc^PM heart, at aU events. But what I 9 «? fcJUe vnt7 1B ™at ^ have an extraordinary faculty ? toendlViM. P1?4^ ^ttle compliments— makiiis nice, 9 , 'aK5J i^0W that !' »*-- said again. 9 X^ te tW - Amn8t remember that Englishis a foreign 9 ^ ann^v -i makes il a11 tbfi more astaning; but 9 ' l think -it ? ' Y1^ race.' I ^^diBDo^^1'^0^011'' said she- 'If T^°TPlti 9 f^wna, rtpTv owards y°u» and naturallv obUging and 9 .v^tMurfrwSr1106 always comes, and 'the phrase too. 9 !?J«t422Li1IOY-. J ^^ heis disappointed with 9 Syby^'8™?^ of it, most likelv. Heis lamenting 9 »-est8igUaS..v*haven't a vacht-away there in the 9 ? ^ s» Wn ' Ut would he «av it ? Hp would not. I 9 ^'ttinb^V3'0? would ask ''ini S0lue time what he ? Ol England— I mean, whea I am not by ; for he knows I am an Englishwoman ; and he would be 6ure to say something nice about England out of kindness to me' ? Now just at this moment Murdoch happened to come forth from the saloon. He had smartened himself up after his morning's work ; and he now timidly inquired of the young lady if he was not wanted at the tiller. 'Oh, no, thank you, Murdoch,' said she, most plea santly ; ' I mean to steer all the way in to Worcester.' And then it was that Colonel Cameron— tempted by the opportunity— nnd forgetting all half hostess's injunction asked Murdoch what he thought of En-rlaud. ' Murdoch, what do you think of this country, now that you have seen so much of it if*' It was a shame. The poor lud glanced nervously at ' the mistress,' as he was used to call her. For tlus'was a kind of public challenge; his truthfulness was at stake ; and yet here was she, an Englishwoman, regarding him. But he was equal to the occasion, after all ; for he took refuge in his native tongue. ''Si duthaich bhriagh a th' innto gu dearbh; ach's fhearr leamsa 'bhi am duthaich fhc-in,' said he with averted eyes; and then he withdrew into the interior of the boat— making his way up to the bow, where he remained on guard. 'What did he say?' asked Mrs. Threepenny-bit, as soon as he was out of hearing. Sir Eweii smiled a little. ' Perhaps you won't think it very coinplimentarv. He said. It is a beautiful country, without any doubt ;' but I would rather be in my own country.' A little touch of hoine-sickness; that is all.' ?' Indeed, I don't see what else he could have said,' said she, warmly. ' If it comes to that— well I wish I were ihere too!' ' What !' cries Peggy. 'Oh, well, I am quite content \vi-h (his expedition,' she admits, in a half-hearted sort of way. ' Yes ; I wouldn't have missed it. It has been a 'very unusual experience ; and most interesting at times ; I should have been extremely sorry to have missed it. Still— still— well, I won't be so ungratef ul as to say anything against it ; for we have had many, many delightful days, in the strangest kind of places ; and some of the most delightful evenings I ever spent in my life— haven't we, Peggy?— and all I will say is this— that when we get you out amonc: the western islands, far away there in the North, and in a proper sort of yacht, youwillfinditalitlle different; that is all I will sav.' '' In other words,' says Miss Peggy, gravely. ' ' This is a beautiful country, without any doubt ; but 1 would rather be in my own country.' '' And then she turns to Colonel Cameron, nnd regards him for a swift second in a curious sort of way. ' Sir Ewen, do the people up there look upon you with any of the old clanship feeling— becauae or the name— and the history of your family ':'' ' Oh, no, no,' said he ; ' whatever of that exists now among the Camarons goes naturally to Lochiel. He is chief of the clan. Among the Camcons, whether they are in Argyleshire or Invernessshire, or in the backwoods of Canada, Lochiel is everybody ; I am nobody.' ' There are some I know in the Highlands,' puts in Queen Tita, ' who would not like to hear that said 'by any one else of * The Coarnel.' ' And in this wise we stole on through the still landscape, making our way under small red bridges, and between woods and upland slopes, and fertile plains, until we drew near to the ancient city. The approach to Worcester by way of the canal is extremely pleasant; there are suburban villas on sloping banks and surrounded with gardens, which, at this time of the year, were a mass of blossom. The wharfs, when we got to them, were not so captivating, of course; yet we had little reason to complain, for we found the people very good-natured ; one firm of wharfin gers in especial — whom we had no opportunity of thanking when we left— being so kind as to furnish us with a snug little berth for the Nameless Barge, and giving us free right of way through their premises. Accordingly, when we had got our things packed, we left them to be brought along by our crew, aud started off for the town, and for the Unicorn And what a wild maelstrom of a place was this into which we now plunged ! The pavements were impassable with crowds of people; our eyes were bewildered with the staring shop windows and signs ; our ears distracted with the rattle of innumerable wheels. Our faint recollection of Worcester had been that it was rather an old-fashioned and sleepy town ; now we found ourselves suddenly transferred from the remoteness and the sileuce of these pastoral wan dering into the full roaring blast of nineteenth-century life. 'The coffee-room at the Unicorn Hotel seemed a Large hail. We had ' almost forgotten what kind of rooms we wanted. And as for dinner, how could we fix the hour without Murdoch's adroit advice ? We felt ourselves in a measure helpless— come out of another world— stranded upon an unknown shore. And then we became conscious that it was not we who ought to be bewildered, but the landlady, on finding herself confronted by a group of strangers, who had arrived on foot, and without luggage, and yet who., apparently, had some vague kind of desire to remain. ' I expected moats and battlements — gates, portcullises, drawbridges, and so on,' said Miss Peggy, as we sat at lunch (we had at length summoned courage to make known our wants ; and found that, although we hailed from the dim regions of Arcady, the trim waitress at the Unicorn sufficiently understood our speech); 'but it is quite a modern city.' ' It is not a warlike town any longer,' her hostess ad mitted ; ' it is more of an ecclesiastical town ; wait till we take you to the Cathedral, and show you all the quaint old buildings attached to it — with their pretty gardens, and ivied walls, and their look of learned repose. I remember them perfectly ; I used to think that the people who li ved in those houses must be very well content. And then, Peggy, as we go there, we must keep a look-out for the old furniture shops. I was told there were two or three very good ones in Worcester; and one never goes wrong in picking up some knick-knack — a little Sheraton table, or an eighteenth-century tea-tray, or something of the kind — for it is sure to come in handy. If you don't want it yourself it will do for a wedding present ; and we are always having to look out for a wedding present : young people will go and make fools of themselves. Hardly any six months go by wilhout our having to pro and search for something; and, of course, you can't ignominiously fall back on spoons.' ' Miss Peggy looked up ; and it was as clear as daylight that something exceptionally impertinent was on the tip of her tongue. Then her eyes fell ; and she said not a word. That was one srood thing that had been secured by the coming of Sir Ewen Cameron ; she was very well-behaved now ; and even, at times, quite respectful to her seniors. Thereafter we went into the town again ; but now we avoided the crowded thoroughfares — crowded because of some fair or cattle-market, we were told ; and made away for the quieter neighbourhood of the Cathedral and the Severn shore. And as we walked along, it was naturally to be expected that our ingenuous young friend should be willing— ii' not downright anxious — to hear nil about Sexulphus and Wulstan, about Hardicanute and William Kufus, and Stephen, and other great folk whose names are associated with ihe history of Worcester. Cut it was not \Vorcesterat all that Miss Peggy had in her mind. What like was Inverfask House she was asking. Was it an old l-iii ilrt in'1 — in the fnrnt of a castle, perhaps ? Was it close to the sea 'r Wei-e (here any islands near it, or mountains? How long had it be longed to this branch of the Camcrons'r Was Colonel Cameron likely to give up his soldiering and go and live among his own people ? How had the estate come to be so heavily mortgaged? Not through his fault, then? But the burdens were being gradually removed. And it was, as a soldier, rather than as Cameron of Inverfask, tnat he was much thought of in the Highlands. Or in both re spects, perhaps? And was he much liked by the people ? ' I could imagine that he would be,' she said, absently answering her own question. And then an odd thing happened when we were at the Cathedral. We had shown her the richly-sculptured chancel, the beautiful cloisters, and so forth ; and had taken her round to the bark of the building, from which she had a wide view over the valley of the Severn, with the pale blue Malvern Hills in the south. She regarded these for a second or two, and then she said : ' Is that like Scotland V' Queen Tita had just come along. ' Peggy,' she said, indignantly. ' Well,'' the girl answered, in absolute innocence. ' That like Scotland ! Is a painted tea-tray like Scot land ? Wait till you see.' It seemed hard that the Malvern Hills should have benn used so despitefully by an Englishwoman ; whereas the Scotch members of *the party were probably only too grate ful—after their long voyaging through woodland scenery — for that lofty and undulating line of blue along the horizon : nav, one of them was so heartily grateful that there and then he would have been content to call these hills moun tains, if it would have pleased anybody. But no ; Peggy would see something different from that, she was assured, when she came north. And they now spoke of her visit as a certain and settled thing. And then, again, Scotland, and Inverfask House, and the Young Chevalier all turned up once more that afternoon, and in this fashion. On our way back from the Cathe dral Mrs. Threepennybit chanced to espy a bric-a-brac shop, which looked very promising indeed ; and we were all of us glad to escape for a while from the hot glare of the sunlight into the coolness of this place, while she proceeded to search and hunt for possible wedding presents. ' Most of the English houses I have seen,' Miss Peggy was saying to Colonel Cameron— they being merely by standers and on»lookers — ' modern English houses I 'mean — have seemed to me overcrowded with these things. And then the confusion — the mixing up of different countries and centuries: the drawing-rooms look like museums, without the arrangement of museums. I suppose, now, in Inverfask there will be greater simplicity ; the decoration will belong to one period ? ' ' Fin afraid, Miss Rosslyn,' said he, with a smile. ' that Inverfask will have to plead guilty, too. There have been a good many soldiers in our family ; and they have brought home things from all parts of the world ; so that there is a considerable jumble — Canada, Spain, Egypt, China, India, every place on the globe, I fancy, where English regiments have been — - ' ' But the hall ?' said she, with a little touch of disap pointment. r 'Oh, the hall is entirely Highland— there, I think, vou will be satisfied. And as our friends here have been trying to interest you in the '45 rising, you will find a good many curiosities belonging to that period. By-the-way,' he added, ' 1 have one or two relics of that time that I'm afraid don't honestly and entirely belong to me. As you have never been in Scotland, I suppose you have never heard of Fassifern House?' 'Oh, yes,' said she, modestly. ' Wasn't that whore the younger brother of Lochiel lived when he came out and tried to persuade Lochiel not to go and ioin the Prince r' He looked at her with some surprise : he did not know how this young lady had been drilled. ' Precisely,' said he. ' That was John Cameron of Fassifern, whose great-granddaughter is at this moment superior of Fort William. Well, perhaps you know also that a few days after Prince Charlie raised his standard at the head of Loch Sheil he came along Glenfinnan, and put up at Fassifern House, passing tne night there. That, of course, is quite enough for the Highlanders: a house that lodged the Young Chevalier is a sacred kind of thing, with all its contenta. And I think they might have left Fassi fern alone. It was a pretty, old-fashioned place, hall smothered in ivy — though it had been used as a farm-house for a long time back. But a year or two ago it seems it was wanted ; I was told it had to be rebuilt for some reason or another ; and in the process of tearing down and putting up again the old woodwork appears to have been either thrown out or given to any chance-comer. And very curious some of it is. I have a piece of carved balustrade that is made up of thin slices of wood that must have been spliced and - put together with great labour ; I aupposo in those days — and in those parts— they had no other way ot bending'wood. That is one piece. Then I have one or two of the balusters; and a very quaint little frame for a mirror, ia oak. The fact is, these things were being freely handed about in^ the neighbourhood; and a friend of mine, happening to pass at the time, picked up a few of them, and sent them on to Inver fask for safe keeping. 1 tear I have no strong title to them ; but they will be preserved, at least; and I think if Fassifern House had been mine, I should have pre served that intact also. By the ^yay, Miss Rosslyn,' he con tinued — still addrersing himself to the tall young lady, while Queen Tita kept rummaging among mouldy old sconces, inlaid tea-trays, dower-chests, and the like, ' 1 heard you say something the other day about those actual things being very interesting to you, as bringing historical times and eventa much more near, and making them seem real. Well, now, here was the house that Prince Charles lodged in just, after he had raised his standard in Glenfinnan; and these were actually part of the house; and if you would care to take one or other of these bits of curiosities home with you to America' ? ' Oh, no, no, Colonel Cameron ! I could not think of such a thing — why, they are quite invalu able,' she exclaimed at once ; and the hot blood sprang to her face. ' ' Not as something to remind you of Inver/ask, and the \Vest Highlands, and you visit h' said lie, in his gentle way. ' I won't ask you to take the piece of twisted balustrade — though that more certainly formed part of the Tiniicp thnn nnvfTiino* pIrp ? tin cause it would be cumbrous, and I don't see what yon could make of it. But the little oak frame, it is very (juaint and obviously very old; I think, Miss HoFslyn, we will persuade you to accept that, when we are all at Inverfask together.' And little it was that the small woman hunting there among: pots and pans knew of what had been going on. No doubt she thought we three bystanders were idly talk-& ing of indifferent matters, or perhaps having a little amusement over the eagerness of her search. Had she learned that Colonel Cameron had just pressed on the acceptance of this young American lady one of the treasures of Inverfask House; and that Miss Peggy had tacitly consented to accept it as a souvenir of her forthcoming visft to his place in the Highlands, perhaps the curiosity hunter would not have been quite so easy iu her mind. For it was with great equanimity that she now proceeded to collect her purchases, and to pay for them ; and give instructions about their being forwarded to London ; and it, was with a light heart that she took Peggy's arm and marched her out of the shop, saying we should just have time to get a cup of tea or something of that kind before walking along to the theatre. And perhaps it was owing to our early arrival, or perhaps to the fineness of the summer evening outside, that when we entered the spacious, dimly-lit building, we found ourselves entirely alone. Not even the orchestra had as yet put in an appearance. Our footsteps had a hollow sound* aa we went down to the front of the dress circle, and surveyed this large and dusky and empty place. And, indeed, one could not help sympathising with those poor fellows of musicians, who, as they came in.jjglanced up at tlie'rows of empty benches. Gloomy and phantasmal as the great hollow hall appeared, they were probably thinking that this was not the kind of house that caused the ghost to walk on Saturday. And yet, when they once began, their interest in their own professional work seemed in no wise lessened by this sorry sight. They played with abundant spirit; and, what is more, they played very good music — not the usual poker and- tongs orchestra rattle, but an exceedingly pretty waltz. Then, attracted by the sound, stragglers began to appear in the pit, in the gallery. Matters were mending somewhat. A further raising of the lights cheered us. More stragglers appeared ; there was going to be a semblance of an audienca after all. And impatiently we waited for the upwinding of the curtain. ' Now, my dear Peggy,' said Queen Tita to her neigh bour, ' if you're in luck, you'll find here the drama in its pristine simplicity, and vigour too. You won't be asked to ' follow the subjective Miss from Boston to the banks of the Nile.' You'll have a villain that is a villain; and faithful love rewarded in the [end; and virtue entirely triumphant. You'll see what appeals to the popular heart. Let it be a lesson to you' ? But here the curtain was raised, and talking had to cease. And very soon it became apparent that Miss Peggy was in quite superlative luck, for this story that was being tola ner was coustrncted of the most simple nnd yet substantial materials. Here was the anguished heroine who clings to her lover in spite ot his poverty ; here was the ruthless parent who casts her forth and bids her wed the miserythat he prophesies for her ; her lover, now her husband, battling with misfortune and cruel fate, aud appealing to Heaven to pi-otect his young and innocent wife ; and finally, a nithan^ r Sworn to accomplish all manner of diabolical deeds, but in especial to capture and carry off the heroine, who had scorned hi6 hateful advances. Just a horrible villain this one was, and he took no pains to conceal it, for, like the rest of tho characters, he from time to time came down to the footlights, and in a telling speech revealed the secret workings of his soul. There was plenty of action besides; there were quite thrilling1 situations: and invariably the personsin the piay addressed each other by both Christian The ruthless parent who casts his daughter forth. and surname— ' Gregory Hammond, you shall suffer for this ! ' ' Beware, Richard Merreton ! ' and so forth— nnd every one knows how impressive that is. Then (he story proceeds npaco; misfortunes accumulate upon the hapless pair; the stern parent remains inexorable; tho dark-visaged scoundrel matures his plans, and the end of the net is truly most pitiful, for the villain shoots the father and has the guilt laid upon the young husband, who is forthwith hurried off to prison, leaving- his suffering young wife and her infant babe at tho mercy of a cruel world. It scorns hardly befitting the dignity of the legitimate drama that we should now have been treated, as an inter lude, to a ' variety entertainment.' But there is a reason for nil things. ''You see, Miss Peipy,' one explains to this young stranger from the West, ' when a pliiy ie played right off , or when you read a book straight through, ybu are apt to forget what spaces of time divide the parts; and you don't give proper value to the constancy of the lover or the faithfulness of his mistress. Now just remember, ?while all this dancing and tiddling is going on, that that young husband is suffering penal servitude for a murder he never committed; and the young mother is driven to distraction by the kidnapping of her child, while the villain, who is responsible for all this, is having a gay time of it with the old man's money — plovers' eggs and Scliloss Johannisberper for breakfast, no doubt. That is precisely what makes it hard, that the suffering of the good people should last such a long time. Besides, you may have several excellent performers in your company whom you can't get into this play ; why shouldn't they have a chance of showing what they can do ?' ' Oh, I don't object in the least,' 6ho says, ' It's like a cigarette between the courses at dinner.' ' And what do you know about that ?' ?? I have heard of it,' she says vaguely. However, when the drama was resumed, the action moved forward with astonishing' rapidity. Again and again the heroine was on the point of being carried off by that desperate villain ; and again and again, at the precise moment wanted, behold her husband ! who, it seems, has escaped from prison, and appears to be roaming about the country at large. But swift-footed Fate is now behind that deep-plotting scoundrel. All at once everybody appears on the scene ; tho officers of the law, instead of arresting the escaped prisoner, clap the manacles on the villain's wrists and march him off (a long farewell to plovers' ejrgs and Johannisberger !) ; tho hero's innocence is triumphantly proved ; the kidnapped child is restored to the happv mother ; and husband and wife are once more united, with overy possible kind of felicity showered on their heads. In short, virtue wins all along the line ; and wickedness and treachery :md villnny are sent to the right about — relegated (o a prison cell, in fact. 'We were qHite glad, and we told Miss Pe.irfiy it was a solemn warning she should remember all her life; but when it came to be a queslion as 1o whether we should remain and sec the extra VJignnzii that was to follow, we thought we had had enough of the. theatre for one evening, and so we went back to the Unicorn Hotel and to supper. Late that night the miniature manageress of this wander ins party was in her own room, engaged in overhauling her millinery purchases of the day, and disposing them so as to admit of their being packed on the morrow. She seemed a liltie thoughtful, and was mostly silent ; but, at length, she said, in a cautious sort of way, ' Do you know what Peggy told me before we went to tho theatre this evening ?' ? ' I do not.' ' She told me that Colonel Cameron had promised to give her some relic from Fassiefern House — a little mirror, I believe' ? ' I was aware of it.' She looked up quickly. *? Oh, you knew 'r' An-l then she said, rather slowly, and with no great air of conviction — indeed, she seemed questioning instead of asserting — 'I suppose that is nothing. Oh, of course not. It is an interesting thing for an American girl to take homo with her— especially when coining from Inverfask ; a souvenir, that is all. And he has been very kind to her. Oh, no, I would not attach ton Trmfll ininnrhinnn in Ilia mnL-in«r linr n littlo rnvwsnnt: ? and— and, of course, she will value it!' And yet,_ somehow, she does not seem quite satisfied in her own mind. The millinery does not receive much of her attention. Finally, she turns from the table altogether. 'Do be frank, now!— tell me!' she says— in a half pleading, half-frigbtened way. ' Have you noticed any thing: 'f Don't you thind that Colonel Cameron's admira tion for Peggy is just a little too marked ? And she her self, too— have you noticed the way in which she epeaks of him 1 Oh, good gracious. 1 have been trying to shut my eyes and ears; but if anything — if anything were to happen between these two— and me responsible!'— ? 'But how are you responsible 'in one says to this inco herent person. ' We brought them together— isn't that enough?' she exclaims. 'And there he is, a widower, twice her age at least, with an encumbered estate; and I suppose hardly anything beyond his pay. Think what her people would say of it. They wouldn't see any romance in it; they, wouldn't find any fascination in her becoming Lady Came ron, of Inverfask, and living up there in the North and winning the affection and gratitude of these poor people— ?which is quite clearly what Sir Ewen was talking about to day. What do you suppose they care for the traditions of the Highland clans— or for Colonel Cameron's reputation ss a Eoldier, either? I suppose they never heard of the V.C. They would want to know how manv dollars a year he had, and what he was going to settle on her. I'm sore I never thought such a thing possible, or I would never have suggested his coming. Of course,' she adds, in con trite confession, though she is clearly very much perturbed and bewildered, ' I thought she would admire him. I wanted her to do that. And I knew he would find her a pleasant companion. But just think what this would be for both of them ! Why. it's madness ! He ought to many a rich woman, if he marries at all; and get Inverfask cleared of its burdens, and live there. And she nmst marry someone with money'' ? ' I think you will find that Pcjr-v will marry the man she wants to marry, without raking your advice or the ad vice of anybody eke.' 'Oh, it isn't advice— not for worlds would I give her advice aoout such a thing,' says this small creature, in quite evident distress. 'It's the* responsibility of having brought them together. With Mr. Diincombe that would have been quite different. I was safe there, whatever hap pened. And that's the only thing to be done now— if there is any chance of such a foo'lish infatuation' ? ' What is the only thing to be done r ' ' 'Why, to bog Mr. Duncomb to come back to us, and at once. I never was quite positively certain why he went away ; but if it was merely through some little' quarrel or misunderstanding, I dare say they would be inclined now Y?,£or£et '*? *n any ease, his presence would make a great aifterence ; if she has any sense at all, she would naturally turn to the younger man, with all his advantages.' ' And what's to be done with the Colonel ?' .'J suppose he will go back to Alderehot,' said she wistfully. 'lam sorry— but— but acy thing rather than this. And even if he stays, Mr. Duncombe's being with us will make all the difference in the world. He is an older mend of Peggj'6; she seemed to like him very well; and he was so attentive to her ; and— she found him amusing. She can't help seeing his advantages. She would know there would be no opposition on the'part of her family. 1 will even confess that I thoug-ht it might turn out a match between Mr. Duncombe and herself; not that I particu larly wished any such thing; but it seemed so suitable; and they got on very well together ; and I knew that 1 was safe enough, whatever happened. Do write and beg him to come. He said he would, if it was in any way pos sible. My gracious, if this other thing were to happen, what would those people in America think of me !' ' They wouldn't think anything at all about you— what- ever were to happen. You imagine they don't 'understand Peggy by this time. And here ir, another point. Supposing though I am certain there is nothing of the sort, at present there were some such possibility as you suggest — supposing tlll^rfi WPIV SnmP tlM/i i\f HTirlnvc?fnn(liv-v l*#i4-»..,-ir-.*i ^nrA 4...n ? — -?«*?« uu...w niuu Ui UUUtlOlOUUllJ^ LJdWl^Ull 111UDC HtU' ~ — do you fancy that Ewen Cameron is the kind of man who would allow himself to be interfered with ? You are always talking of the gentleness of the Camerons. Well, they may be as gentle-mannered as most folk; but they have wills of their own, 6ome of them. Did you never hear of the message that Sir Allan Cameron of Earruchd sent to George III. — or IV., was it? — when it was proposed to break up the 79th Highlanders—the regiment that Cameron of Earrachd had raised and commanded all through the Peninsular campaign? It was a pretiy message to send to a King.' ' What was it?' ' The proposal was to draft the Cameron Highlanders out to India, to malce up the ranks of certain regiments that had been thinned there. ' Tell the King from me'— Queen Tita selecting some of the treasures of iLV.rfask Home.— The Strange Advent-hues of a Houseboat, Chapter XVII. this was the message that Sir Alton Cameron sent—' that he may order the 7'Jth to Hell, and I will roarrh at their head ; but dratt them he dare not and f-hall not.' A very pretty message to be sent to the King of England!' ''I will tell that to Peggy in the morning,' says Mrs. Threepenny-bit, reflectively— as if, at such a juncture, it wiis necessary, or even prudent, to say anything to still further stimulate Miss Peggy's interest withregard to the Clan Cameron. (To be continued.) Mrs. Poppinjay : ' I saw Mr. and Mrs. S ? at the party the other night, and I tell you they made a show of themselves. ' Mrs. Blobson : ' How so ?' Mrs. Popinjay : ' Why, Mrs. S ? was in full evening dress, and Mr. S- ? was in full evening dress, and I didn't know which was the worst.' 