BROADBRIM'S NRW YORK LKTTER An interesting phase of oar political life has been developed in New York and Brooklyn in th6 disciplining of two political bosses whose names for several years hare been synonyms of pswer and pelf, and the cases are exactly analogous—one being a Re publican and the other a Democrat. By the skilful manipulation of these wily statesmen a Republican was triumphantly elected in a strong Democratic district in Brooklyn, and a red-hot Democrat receivedan overwhelming majority in one of the strongest Republican districts iri New York. Few names are better known in New York than that of Johnny './Brier. Johnny has for several years past been the Jupiter Tonans of the Eight Assembly District. The Johnny O'Brien Association is one of the features of this inter esting locality, and in its ranks are to ba found all the heelers, bums, and saloon keep ers of every complexion and degree. It would appear from the development of the I last election that the Republican voters of the Eight Assembly District held their allegiance to the Republican party by an exceedingly | light and uncertain tenure j in point of fact ; Mr.' O'Brien seems to hive carried it about for sale in his breeches pocket to be disposed I of to the highest bidder ; and to his credit l e it recorded that he never failed to deliver the goods when the bargain had been fully con summated. The result of this delightful arrangement has been, that no matter who won or who lost, Mr. O'Brien came out on top ; he was clad in purple and Sne linen ; the gold of Ophir hung from his fob and the diamonds of Uolconda flashed in hi? bo3om. He was generous too ; he s=t her up for the boys whenever they were thirsty, and to do them justice they were frequently dry. Then he staked them whenever they got broke, and paid their fines whenever they fell irito the clutches of the police ; so that, blow high and low, for weal or woe, in victory or defeat, the boys were solid for Johnny. Mr. O Brien was not the only Republican who had done this sort of thing, Mike Cregan had done the same thing for many years and waxed fat on it; but the defeat of Thorndyke Rice for Congress was the last feather on the camel's back, so after ade3perate struggle the County Committee bounced Mr. Cregan. Hi3 fali broke hu heart, and he died two weeks after. In Mr. O'Brien's district, at the last muni cipal election, a. gentleman ran on the Re publican ticket for Civil Justice, and he had every reason to expect being elected by at least one thousand majority, butM". 0 Brien had a Democratic friend, a German named Steckler, who by the way was a very popular man. The surprise came when it was dis covered that Steckler, the Democratic candi date, had been almost unanimously elected, for only one solitary vote was found in the boxes for the P^publicin Candida tefor Civil Justice. Of course there was a row, and Johnny was hauled up before the C junty Committee, and he soon gave that enlight ened body to understand that if they didn't iike it they could lump it ; that the district belonged to him anvvray, and that ho pro posed to do with it whatever he pleated. Implicated with him was a distinguished saloon-keeper named Barney O'Rourke, over whose head an indictment had been hang ing for years in the ofSce of the District Attorney. In the recent election a bitter light took place for the Disrici Attorneyship between John R. Fellows, who was supposed to represent the Boodle element, and DeLan cey Nichoi, who was the champion of the re formers. Mr. Nichoi was defeated and Mr. Fellows was elected. MrNic'nol was endorsed by the Republicans of the Kight Assembly District, but that made no difference to Mr. O'Rourkeand Mr.O'Brien. When the ballots were couuted Mr. Fellows came out on top, and two days after, the indictmcnt that had hung over Barney for years, wasiiofc'Z in the office of the District Attorney. Republics are not ungrateful ! For many year3 Mr. O'Brien hai had one of the fattest offices in the city, and he hai been able to provide for an army of heelers from tho public crib. His bank account is comfortable, his'personal appearance inviting, and hi3 surroundings all that hi3 most ardent admirers could desire. The Republican County Committee will try and down him, but he threatens them with his vengeance in the next Presidential election. If the election of any President, either Democratic or Republican, depends on the 3upport of such heelers as Johnny O'Brien and Barney O'Rourke, the sooner our form of Government is changed the better ; for that of the Czar of Russia or the King of Dahomey would b6 preferable to such a political disgrace. The case in Brooklyn was that of John Y. Mc Kane, who is known in Kings County as the King of Coney Island. ■ Mr McKaue's special bailiwick is the Town of Gravesend, and this old town owned the fee simple of all tho ground on which Coney Island stands. Mr. McKane is ostensibly Chief of Police, but this office represents but a fraction of his power; he was the town's factotum and ad ministered justice in a summary fashion. Be it known that Coney Island, the beautiful, is solidly Democratic. The hardy fishermen, the farmers and old settlers, would as soon think of catching whales in Shee;>shead B.iy as of voting the Republican ticket. If every election district in the United States is as so lid for Cleveland as Coney Island, the Plu med Knight might ju3t a3 well pursue his archteological Btudie3 in Europe for the next four years, for there will bo no change in the administration, always provided that he gets the endorsement of John Y. McKane. The fight in Mr. McKaue's district was for Member of Assembly, and Mr. McKane had promised a friend of his that the Republican Ehould be elected, and he was. Then went forth a roar from the unterritied louder than the bull of Bashan, and the infuriated clans clamored for the blood of Mr. . McKano. Mr. MoKane appeared before the Demo cratic County Committee, avowed liistreason, and declared himself ready to take his pea scup, and with the slightest possible delay the Committee gave him all he wanted; they kicked him out of his office, put another man in his place, and from this timo forth the Kiug o£ Coney Island ceases to be a factor in the Democratic politics of Kings County. The Democratic Coinmilcee of Brooklyn .'ias dor.o wisely in striking down liib deCant up start, und the liepubiioan Committee of New York bag done \rell in decapitating Johnny O'Brien. Parties are absolutely necessary in a government like ours to intelligent political action, but letthe Republican beaRepafriosij. the Democrat a Democrat: theProhibiiionist, a Prohi'r.itioaiit, and the other s.Representa tive f;£ '/a;tea LrtSor. Bit no parties sailing under false colors; no thugs holding them selves on sale. The examples of these two political leaders Trill not be lest, bnt it only proves thai on ihe question of bargain and and sale between the two great jnriiea honcrj are easy. A novel case has been amusing the courts this week, which i3 an" admirable illustration of the triteold adage, " Fools and their mo ney, " etc. Miss Emily Guionhad weathered the storms of thirty-fire years and had never secured that inestimable blessing, a husband. How this occurred it is hard to tell, forEmily was fair to look upon. And her avoirdupois was one hundred ana eighty-twopounds; her family tras very respectable, she had a good healthy appetite and twenty-five hundred dollars in the bank. Now a treasure cf this kind ought not to have to hunt very Ions for a husband. Bat after waiting all those long weary years and not finding a fellow, in an evil hour her eye fell on the deluding advertisement of one Wellman, who promised to furnish eligible wives and husbands at five dollars a head. Miss Guion invesied five dollarain Mr. Wellman'sMitrimonial Bureau and three days later she drew a prize ia the person of Frank Leroy. It is true he was red-headed, he had lost three of his front teeth, his left leg was a little game and his right eye •ff color. But a woman who has waited thirty-five years is not supposed to stand upon trifles. The old adage "of the bird bird in hand'' struck, her - with the force of Sullivan's right duke, so she froze fast to Mr. Leroy at the first meeting. Le roy was not loth to befrczen to; so after vots of eternal fidelity and fixing the wedding-day. he struckherfor a thousand dollars; and then, perfidious brute that he waa, he vanished like a ghost! Darina the tew blissful hours that pissed between Paradise and Hades, Mr. Wellman struck Emily for fifty dollars, and as she considered her Frank dirt cheap at that pries, she paid it without wiukine. But when he didn't come to time, that was another thing, so sha had the matrimonii! a^ent arrested for swindling. She may s»a<i Welimm to the Penitentiary, but her lover Leroy and her thousand dollars have " gone where the woodbine twineth." Another blooming damsel of thirty-6 re is seeking balm for a wounded hear: f:oa Ar buckle of Ayiosa cofiee fame. The faithless lover has neuralgia in the jaw3, sciatic i in his back, rheumatism in his legs and malaria il! over him ; and in addition to the above qmii !ications he wa3 credited with a million of dollars. It will require one hundred thousano dollars to heal the wound in'Miss C laipbaiTi heart. All their old lovi: letters are dra«ged into Court ; he i3 sixty,and shetnightacknow ledge forty and never have her. word called in question ; but she calls hiiii ' Dear Biby,' and he cdU her his ".Sweet Buntiie.'"' It is all right when whispered in the ear with £ gentle squeeze, but it looks very funny in cold type, and doable- lead ed at that Moral: Say what you like but don't write. My sym pathies are with Miss CimpbelL Arbuckle will not miss the §100.000, and it will do Miss C-impbell a heap of good. German Opera has got a black eye ; the re ceipts are below the expenses, andit is thought * that the box-holders willbeassessedtwo thous and five hundred dollars a head. Too much Wagner is the cause, and the singing has not I reached the standard of last year. The Prima Donnas^are ready to tear each others' eyes out. Neimann has all gone to pieces. His voice, that wa3 worth a cool five hundred a night last season, is only a shadow of its former self. Bock beet, American CDcktatls and draw poker have proved too much for the great bnritone, and perhaps Wagner has something to answer for ; however, between them all they have floored poor i^Teimann. This will be his last season here. The Phelps family and tho Dodges are again in trouble. The firm of Phe!p3,= Dodge and Co. was known all over the world, and tSeir names were the quintessence of respect ability; piety and wealth ; but they had their trials a3 well as the rest of us, for'they were associated in business with the Stokes, whose family affairs have been dragged before the Courts. Only a few years ago they were compelled to disgorge to the Government §500,000, which it was said they had unlaw fully sequestered. Then El. Stokes brought the family and himself to crier" by killing Jim Fisk. Later stilt and their uncle's estate was dncged before the Courts, and in the fight for his money they proved the old^entleman, who had always led a reputable life, to be little better than a common drunkard. And now a young scamp of the Dodge family attempts a cruel joke on his cousin, Miss Stoke3, advertising through the papers that he was engaged to her, "then that he was married to her, and as a climax to his villany, that he had buried her. The miserable joke has created a profound sensation, and the general verdict is that he deserves the penitentiary and a cowhide. Truly your3, BROADBRIM. The Plumage of Birds.—Birds which lay their eggs in holes are less exposed to danger, and the difference between male and female, if it exist at all, is much less strongly marked. The green wood-pecker is a case in point. He is a handsome bird. Although the bright colour of his forester's dress harmonises very well with the tone of his haunt among the orchards, and although his solitary ways keep him mostly out of sight, yet once observed, his crimson crest and yellow tail coverts catch the eye in a moment. And his *ife, except for an extra patch of red on his cheek, is as gay as he. She and her brood, however, in their hollowed home dee;) in tho heart of a tree, are safe from the keen eye of prowling weasel or marauding hawk, and nee 1 110 pro tection from subdued colouring. The king fisher, another hole-breeder, is more brilliant still ; and here again the hen-bird vies with her mate in tho brightness of her colours. Under a glass case, perched stiffly on a twig in what the bird-stuffer regards as a natural: attitude, ho is rather an ungainly object. But in his haunt by the sylvan stream he i3 the eye of the picture—the finishing touch to the landscape. The little river wanders through rich meadows that in summer are bright with purple of loose-strife, and the golden wings of the flower de luce. There is a devious footpath over rustic bridges, but wayfarers are few and fir between. Dark alders lean over the banks ; forests of tali Bedges cluster lovingly round the roots of the grey willow trees. There is no sound but the drone of the old Norman mil! and the splash of water over tho ancient wheel ; or now ni:d then the cryofa crecperiutbe great sycamore, or the leap of a trout, or the plunge of a water-rat. It is a place Where timid rail and moorhen hide Iu the tafted sedge by the river side ; Where daskv coots, with careless oar, The silver poota drift idly o'er ; Where the grey heron looks silent djvrn On the trout that flash through the ah .dows brown ; Where fiery marsh-flowers stoop to lave Their golden bells iu the whirling wave. Suddenly, from his unseen station—a fiish of ! blue light along the brown water—darts a kingfisher. Down he goesjthere is a gleam I of red and azure among the silver of the scattered spray ; then, with a minnow glitter -ing in his beak, he goes back to his peruh on the low bough hanging over the water, to beat the life out of his prey before swallowing it. Or may be he carries it off to the steep bank below the '.veir, where, half hidden by ferns and trailing ivy, and screoned by the great ehnswhich join hands across the stream, his expectant brood, standing up like storks at the mouth of their hole, scream a chorus of impatience and delight at the appearance of dinner. —" Daily News." Da. Pap.kei'.'s IIat.—When the Rev. Dr. l'arber was delivering his' Beccher eulogy in the Academy of Music, Brooklyn, several worthies were actively engaged in examining Dr. Parker's siik hat. Just then a well-known banker, whose place of business is not far from tho corner of Court and Montague Streets, came in. The hat was shown him and he tvied it on. He went in it up to his collar and withdrew with a remark concerning the area it was built to caver. While he was waiting for his cheque another late comer arrived in tho person of a prominent lawyer, with dark, wavy locks. He wears a seven and a half hat. The great divine's headgear, however, also buried him to the chin. The legal luminary gave place to a gentleman who would like the contract for the St Johnland farm buildings, hut his head—and he is not lack ing in mental calibre—disappeared in the re cesses of the London-made tile. A group of gentlemen "well known in the city came. last. One is the manager of an insurance company, another the head of a city department, ind another was a Brooklyn justice. On all t'uir heads the tile of the distinguished orator went only to bend their ears downward and glide gracefully toward their necks. The Rambler tried to And the size mark in the hat, but it had btccjrip. effectually erased by long wear. 