THE FATAL THREE; A NOVEL, Br M. E. BRADDOIT. Author of "Lady Audley'a Secret," "Vixen,' " Ishmad,"" Like aud Unlike," &c.a;&a;, • CHAPTER XIV. LIFTING THE CURTAIN, The charity concert afforded Ctcsar _ Casj teliani jost the necessary excuse for going to | Enderby Manor House as often as he liksd, and for staying there as long as he liked. He was now on a familiar footing. He drove or rode over from Riverdale nearly every day in the three weeks that intervened between Mr. Cancellous sermon and the afternoon conceit. He made himself the curate's right hand in all the details of the entertainment. He clioee tbe music, he wrote the programme, he sent it to his favourite printer to be printed in antique type upon ribbed patter, a perfect gem in the way ol a programme! He scoured tile country round in quest of amateur taknt, and was much more successful than the curate had been in the same kind of quest. " I'm astounded at your persuading Lady Millborougb to thow in the daylight," said Mr. Holiinscn . laughing. "You must have exercietd tbe tongue of the serpent to overcome her objection to the glare of the afternoon sun." " Estotc piucUntes. skuti serpent'*," said Casttllani. Insti-llnni " 1 here's a fine old ecclesiastic's nrotto for you. I know Lady MiJlborough rather dreads the effect of eunlight upon her A'a« c Bei lihardl. She told me that she was never f<jual to singing in the afternoon—the glare of the sun always gave her a headache, But I assured her in the first place tbat there Bhould be no sun- glare—that as an artist I I abhorred a crude, white light—and that it should be my busineea to eee that our concertroom was lighted upon purely artistic principles. We would have the dim religious light which painters and poets love ; and in the second place, I assured her that she had as fine a contralto as Madame Alboni, on whose kcees 1 had often sat as a child, and who gave me the emerald pin I was wearing." " My hat, what a man you are'." exclaimed Rollinson. " But do you mean to say we are to give our concert in the dark ?" " We will not have the afternoon sunshine blinding half our andience. We will have the auditorium in a cool twilight, and we will have lamplight on our platform-just that mellow and flattering light in which elderly " We'll leave everything to you," cried the curate. " I think we ought to leave him free scope ; ought _ we not, I Mrs. Greswold?" | Mildred assented. Pamela was enthusiastic. This concert was to be one of the ! events of her life. Castellani had discovered that she possessed a charming mezzo-soprano. She was to sing a duet with him. Oh ! what j rapture, a duet of his own composition, all about roEts and love and death. 'Twere sweet to die as the roses die, If I had but lived for thee; Yea, a life as long as the nightingale's song Were enough for my heart and me. The words and the voices were interwoven ' in a melodious web; tenor and soprano entwined together—always beginning again like j the phrases in an anthem, The preparation of this one duet alone j [ obliged Mr. Castellani to be nearly every day at Enderby, A musician generally has inexhaustible patience in teaching his own j mutic. Castellani hammered at every bar and i every note with Pamela. He did not hesitate ! at unpleasant truths. She had received the most expensive instruction from a wiliknown singing master, and according to Castcllani everythicg she Jiad been taught was ; wrong. *' If you " had been ' left alone to sing as tbe birds sing you would be ever so much better off." he eaiu; " the man has murdered a very fine organ. If I had had the teaching of you you would have sung as well as Trebelli by this time." Pamela thrilled at the thought. Oh, to sing like some great singer—to be able to soar skyward on the wings of music—to sing as he sang. She had known him a fortnight by this time, and was deeply in love with him. In moments of confidence by the piano he called her Pamela, treating her almost as if she were a child; yet with a touch of gallantry always—an air that said—" You are beautifu', dear child, and you know it—but I have Uvea my life." Before MTB. Greswold he was more formal, ad called her Miss Ransome. All barriers were down now between Riverdale and the Manor. Mrs. Hillersdon was going to make an extra large house-party on purpose to patronize the concert. It was to be ona the 7th of September. The partridge Ehooting would be in full swing, and the shooters , . . assembled. ^ , , Mrs. _ Greswold - had - been to tea at Riverdale. There seemed to no help tor it. and George Greswold was ap- ; purity of mind will be « in no danger^ from Mrs. Hillersdon—even were she still Louise Lorraine, she could not she is not obnoxious to you." ' " " "She is far from that. I think she has the moat delightful manners of any woman I , e V " r So| e no doubt, had Circe; yet she changed men into swine." " Mr. Cancellor would not believe in her if she were not a good woman." " I should set a higher value on Mr. Cancellous opinion if he were more of a man of the world and less of a bigot. See what nonsense'he talked about the Deceased Wife's Sister BilL" " Nonsense ! Oh, George, if you knew how it distressed me to hear you take the other s;de—the unchristian side." "1 can find no word of Christ's against j marriages, and the Church of old was i alw ®S e . read .y .With a dispensation for any I ®®ch union, u it was made worth the Church's while to be indulgent. You are Cancellous ] pupil, Mildred, and I cannot wonder if he i has made you something of a bigot." | "He is the noblest and most unselfish of men." "I admit his unselfishness—the purity of I his intentions—the tenderness of his heart— but 1 deny his nobility. Ecclesiastic narrow- \ ^iod f dEf6a »" character that might j j hampered by tradition. Cancellor is a couple s centuries behind the time. His Church is j t ". e . Church ot Laud. i ^ 1 thought you admired and loved him, j 8 ? ld Mildred regretfully, " 1 admire his good qualities; I love him for his thoroughness; but our creeds are j v.ide apart. I cannot even pretend to think j as he thinkB." Ibis onftssion increased Mildred's sadj ness. .,. , She , wouW , : • > ' had her husband j F'ink asi.be thouK - -iieve aa she believed, in all spiritual things The beloved child they had lost was waiting for them in heaven ; and she would fain that they should both tread the same path to that better world where there would be no more tear; 1 , 110 more death—where day and night would be alike in the light of the great throne. She shuddered at the thought of any difference of creed on her husband's part, 6 shuddered 1 u - a ? trca . at ihat ."l^inR beginning ot of divergence W i nch L u i ,8l ? t ,n m £ d e'ity. She had been educated by Clement Cancellor, and she thought as he thought. It seemed to her tbat she was surrounded by an atmosphere of doubt. In the books she read, among the more cultivated people whom she met, she the ^P 3 ® tendency to speculative inl lesslm V=m> Darwiniani, sociology, £frtheism, anything but Christian belief, The e f t approach to religious feeling fetmed to be found in the theoscphists, with i thtur last fashionable O.ienUl improvements i ^HSP the teaching of Christ, Clement Cancellor had trained her in the belief that there was one Church, one creed, One sovereign rule of life, outside of which determinate boundary line lay the dommion i of - taD " now ' \ eelD S her husbands ! va ™ CC ? " !th her . P as . tor upon this minor P omt ,c of , th f, carriage law, she began to ask h e "«f whether those two migat not stand a a . w . me, £ apart„ upon graver questionsof those half-hearted Christians who attend their parish Church and keep Sunday sacred because it is well to set a good example to their neighbours and dependents, while their own faith is a vanishing quantity, a memory of youthful beliefs, tbe fading reflection of a sun that has sunk below the horizon. She had discovered her husband capable of a suppression of truth that was almost as bad us falsehood, and now, having begun to doubt his conscientiousness, it was not unnatural that she should begin to doubt his religions feeling. i " Had lie been as deeply religious as I thought him he would not have so deceived n;e," she told herself, still brooding upon that mystery of hiB first marriage. j Castellani's presence in the house was a continual source of irritation to her. It tortured her to think tbat he knew more of her husband'B past life than was known to herself. Sbe longed to question him, yet refrained, feeling that there would be unspeakable meanness, treachery against her husband even, in obtaining any information on that lirirt pa»tlilce life except from bis own lips. He had t ' 1 ' £en to k. c( "P silence, he who could so easily }'U\e expl plained all things, and ic was her duty lu tubniit. •She tried to be interested in the concert, which involved a cood deal of work for hers< If, as the was to play all the accompanin.tiits, tjie j.iauo part in a concertante duet by De-Bcriut with an amateur violin player, and a polacca by a modern classic by way of overture. There were rehearsals nearly every day, with much talk and tea-drinking, Enderby seemed fiiven over to bustle and K»ipty—that grave old house which to her ii ind Ouj.ht to have Leen silent as a sepulchre, row that Lola's voice could sound there never more. " People must think I am forgetting her," she said to herself with a sigh, when half a dozen carriages had driven away from the door after two hours of bustle and confusion much discussion as to the choice of songs, and the arrangement of the programme, which everybody wanted different. "'I cannot possibly sing 'The Three Fishers fxa^T -j&nipizS; Lady MiJlborough. "It would'neveV do "to have two dismal songs in succession." Yet when it was proposed that her Ladyship's song Bhould Bucceea Mr. Rollinson's admirable rendering of George Grossmith's "He was such a Careful Man," she distinctly refused to sing immediately after a comic song. "I am not going to take the taste of Mr. Rollinson's vulgarity out of people's mouths," she told Mildred in an audible aside. To_ these God-gifted vocalists the accompanyist waB as an inferior being, a person with a rrere mechanical gift of playing any- I thing Bet before her with taste and style. They treated her as if Bhe had been a ' machine. | " If you wouldn't mind going over this duet just once more I think we should feel : more comfortable in it," said one of the two I Miss Tadcasters, who were to take the roof j off, metaphorically, in the "Giorno d'Orrore." Mildred toiled with unwavering good nature, and suppressed her shudders at many ; a false note, and cast oil on the waters when j the eingers were inclined to quarrel. She was glad of the drudgery that kept her Angers and her mind occupied ; she was glad j ot uny distraction that changed the current j i of her thoughts. lt was the day before the concert. Cdsar Castellani had established himself as I'ami de la ntahon, a person who had the light to come ; in and oat aB he liked, Whose coming and going made no difference to the master of the house. Had George .. Gres wold's mind been i less abstracted from the basineBB or every ' day life tie might have seen danger to Pamela Ransomb's " peace of mind in the freqaent " presence of the Italian, and he might have contidered it his duty, as the young lady's kinsman, to have restricted Mr. Castellani's privileges. But the blow which had crushed Geoige Greswold's heart a little more than a year ago had left him in some wise a broken man. He had lost all interest in the common joys and occupations of m every-aay «>« »-uo» life. iur. nu His i , days were spent for the most part in lonK ' ! walks or rides in the loneliest places he could find ; his only evening amusement was found in books, and those books of a kind which engrossed his attention and took him out of himself. His wife's companionship was AINAJB always T;ICUIUIU precious W to MM him ,; UUB but TMJIR their LUWRCOIME intercourse ' had lost all the old gaiety and much of the old familiarity. There was an indefinable someihing which held them asunder even when they were sitting in the same room, or pacing side by side, just as of eld, upon the lawn in front of the drawing-room, or idling in their summer parlour in the shade of the cedais. Again and again in the last three weeks some question about the past had trembled upon_ Mildred's lips as she sat at work by the piano where Castellani played in dreamy , idleness, wandering fiom one maBter to ] another, or extemporizing after his own ; capiicious fancies. Again and again she had struggled against the temptation and had • conquered. No, she would not stoop to a meanness. She would not be disloyal to her husband by so much as one idle question. To-day Castellani waB in high spirits, proud of to- morrow'd anticipated success, in which his own exeitions would count for much. He sat at the piano in leisure hour after tea. All the perfoimers had gone after the fiaal adjustment of every detail. Mildred sat ' idle with her head resting against the cuBhion of a high-backed arm-chair, exhausted by tbe afternoon's labours. Pamela stood by the piano watching and listening delightedly as Castellani improvised. "I will give you my musical transcript Of St. Partridge Day," he said, smiling down at the notes as he played a lively melody with little rippling runs in the treble, and crisp staccatio chords in tne bass. "This is morning, and all the shooters are on tiptop with delight—a misty morning," glidin J into a dreamv dreamy legato leeato movementaBhespoke. mnvLmU.hp.nZ " vYoa ^ can scaicely see the bills yonder, and the sun is not yet up. See there he leaps above that eastern ridge, and all is brightness," changing to briliiant arpeggios up and down the piano. "Hark, there is ohanticleer. How shrill he peals in the morning air. The dogs are leaving the kennel—and now the gates are open, dogs and men are in the road. Yon can hear the steady tramp of the clumsy shooting boots—your (dreadful English boots —and the merry miuic of the dogs. Pointers, setters, spaniels, smooth beasts, and curly beasts skating the dew from the hedgerows as they scramble along the banks, flying over K ^ e " ^ L m made,t.,sprawlandflies _ native tongue- aVnaturafa mode ofthonrii£ expression as speech itself. ^ ; "I hope I don't bore you very much," he Lsat white l f eand nsilent, ^ the fair face and pale sold gold hair dofinert defined apkin.t against t.h»,WL the dark sea-green brocade of the chair cushion. _ He looked up at her in wondering admiration as at a beautiful picture. How lovely she was, with a loveliness that grew upon him, and took possession of his fancy and his senses with a strengthening hold day by day. It was a melancholy loveliness, the beautv of rwomanwhorelZK^ in whose breast hope and love were deal-o^ ing. Whcse shall be the magic touch to awaken the sleeper? Who shall be the Orpheus to bring back so sweet an Eurydice from the realms of death ?" Such thoughts were in his mind as he sat looking at her, waiting for her answer, plaviDg all the while, telling her how fair she was in the tenderest variations of an old German air whose every note breathed passionate love. i *'How sweet," murmured Pamela; "what an exquisTte"melod"y,""uking"some of" the ^c.ness to herself. " flow . could such sweetness weary any one with the ghost of an ear. You are not bored by it, are you, aunt *' Bored ; no, it is delightful," answered Mildred, rousing herself from a reverie. "My thoughts went back to my childhood while you were playing. I never knew bnt one other person who had that gift of improvisation, and she UEed to play to me when I was j a child. She was almost a child herselfT and • of course she did not come within a long distance of you as a pianist; but she would sit and play to me for an hour in the twilight, inventing new melodies, or playing recollections of old melodies as Bhe went along, describing in music. The old fairy tales are for ever associated with music in my mind, because of thoee old memories. I btheve she was highly gifted in music." _ Music of a high order is not an uncommon gift among women of sensitive temperament," said Castellani musingly. "I*take it to be only another name for sympathy. The want of musical feeling is want of sympathy. Sh&kspeare; knew that when he declared the non-musical man to be by nature a villain. I could! no more imagine you withont the gift of music than I could imagine the stars withont the quality of light. Mr. Greswold'e first wife was musical—as no doubt you know —indeed, highly gifted as a musician." " You heard her play—and sing," faltered Mildred, avoiding a direct reply. The sudden mention of her dead rival's name had quickened the beating of her heart. She had longed to question him and had refrained; and now withont any act of her's he had spoken, and she was going to hear something about that woman whose existence was a mystery to her, of whose Christian name even she was ignorant. " Yee, I heard her several times at parties at Nice. She was much admired for her musical talents. She was not a grand singer, but she had been well taught, and she had exquisite taste, and knew exactly the kind of music that suited her best. She was one of the attractions at the Palais Montano, where one heard only the best muBic." " I think you said the other day that vou did not meet her often," said Mildred. "My husband could hardly have forgotten yoa had you met frequently.'" "1 can scarcely say that we we met frequently, and our mettings were such as Mr. Greswold would not be very likely to remember. I am not a remarkable man now; and I was a very insignifioant person fifteen years ago. I was only asked to people's houses because I could sing a little, and because my father had a reputation in the south aB a composer. I was never introduced to your - husband, but I was presented to his wife—as a precocious youth with some pretensions to a tenor voice—and I found her very charming —after her own particular style." "Was shea beautifulwoman?" asked Mildred. "1-I-have never talked about her to my hnBband—Bhe died BO young—and" " Yes, yeB, I understand," Interrupted Castellani, as ehe hesitated. "Of course yon would not speak of her. There are things that cannot be spoken about. There is always the skeleton in every life—not more in Mr. Greswold's past than in that of other eople, perhaps, could we know all histories, f was wrong to speak of her—her name escaped me unawares." ."Pray, don't apologize," Baid Mildred, ldndling with indignant feeling at something in hiB tone which hinted at wrongdoing on her husband's part "There can be no reason why yon should keep silence—to me ; though any mention of an old sorrow might wound him, I know my husband too well not to know that he must have behaved honourably in every relation of life—before I knew him as well as afterwards. I only asked a very simple question—was my predecessor as beautiful as she was gifted'" "No. She was charming, piquant, decant, spirituelle, but she was not handsome. I think she was conscious of that want of perfect beauty, and that it made her sensitive and even bitter. I have heard her say i g s ^ ^ ' X O T f i s than herself. She had a scathing tongue and a capricious temper, and she was not a favourite with her own sex, though she was very much admiied by clever men. I know tbat as a lad I thought her one of the brightest women I had ever met." " It was sad that she should die so voung,* 1 said Mildred. She would not fo* - worlds that this man should know the extent of her Ignoranoe about the woman who had borne her hneband's name. She spoke vaguely, hoping that he would take it for granted 8he knew all. "^."assented Castellanf. with a sigh, her death was infinitely sad/' He spoke as of an event of more than common sadtess-a calamity that had been in some wise more tragical than even untimely death must needs be. MBdred kept silence, though her heart ached with shapeless forebodings, though it wonld have been an unspeakable relief to know the worst rather than to feel the oppression of this mystery. Castellani rose to take his leave. He was paler than he had been before the conversation began; and he had a troubled air. Pamela looked at him with sympathetic dietms, "I am afraid yon are dreadfully tired," she said, as they shook hands. "I am never tired—in this house," he answered; and Pamela appropriated the compliment by her vivid hlush. Mi dTed Greswold shook hands with him mechanically and in silence. She waB hardly conscious of his leaving the room. She rose and went oat into the garden, while Pamela sat down to the piano and began singing her part in the everlasting duet. She sever sang anything else nowadays; it waB a perpetual carol of admiration for the author of " Nepenthe." Twere sweet to die as the roses die. , If I had bnt lived for tbee; 'Twere sweet to fade as tbe twilight fades Over the me western weswra sea, afcp . — m-.T^ j i , t „ „ and fro in fiont of the cedars, brooding over « v «y word Castellani had spoken about her husband s first wife. | Her death was infinitely sad." i ^^A Why " infinitely LI J L ? T The -.O-.-V-.WW significance V. of «UW the t * .°.4f , i e . d her - •J? conjured up all manner of possibilities. 1 ^^ _ ^^ W h y infinitely sad? All , death is sad, the death of the young especially so. But to say even of untimely death that it was infinitely sad would seem to lift it out of the region of humanity's common doom. That qualifying word hinted at a tragical fate rather than a young life cut short by any ordinary malady. There had been something in Castellani's manner which accentuated the meaning of h ; s words. That trcubled lock, that deep sigh, that hurried departure, all hinted at a mystery—at a painful story which he knew and did not wiBh to reveal. He had in a manner apologized for speaking 1 of George Greswold's first wife. There must have been a reason for that. He was not a man. to say meaningless things oat of [ </auctieric ; not a man to stumble and equivo- CBte from either shyness or stupidity. He I had implied that Sir. Greswold was not likely to talk about his first marriage—that l e wonld natuially avoid any allusion to his first wife. ° Why, naturally? Why should he not speak of that past life? Men are not ordinarily reticent npon such subjects. And that a man should suppress the faot of a first marriage altogether, should falsely describe himself in the marriage register, would suggest memories BO dark as to impel an honourable man to stoop to a lie rather than face the horror of c revelation. — She walked np and down that fair stretch ^Jdin^^ifi,?^ feet M E0 " shtly m * be W m r e g°?e-gone "ever to be recalled, as it seemed to her, carrying with them ad that she had ever known of domestic peace, of wedded bliss. Never again conld they two be as they bad been. The mystery of the past had risen up between them—like some hooded phantom, a vaguely threatening figure, a hidden face—to hold them apart for evermore. "If he had only trusted me," she thought de;paiiingly, " there is hardly any sin that I w> uld not have forgiven for love of him. Why could he not believe in my love well enough to know that I should judge him leniently—if there had been wrong-doing on his side—if—if—" ! .She had pulled over the hidden past, tryr i S t t J S K f i . . — there must have been, she thought—for euch memories could B^rctly be sinless, " H ^ d S l Y f i S « \ T » r ' ' background of mystery as if written in fire. That one fact was absolute. George Greswold's first wife had died nnder circumstances of peculiar Badness; BO painful that Castellani's countenance grew pale and troubled at the very thought of her death. " I cannot endure it," Mildred cried at last in an agony of doubt. "I will notendnre S f t J ^ J f f ' ^ W ^ S X ^ U r A ^ f f l K e s « i & K : X i ! in the long run. Anything will be better than these torturing fears, these imaginary evils. I am his wife, and I have a right to know the truth." The dressing gong summoned ber back to the house. Her husband waa in the drawingroom half-an-hour afterwards, when she went down to dinner. He was still in his jacket and knickerbockers, just as he had come in from a long ramble. <• Will rnn f„-„iw,^ theeSheB * M i l l e d ' ! thfd^SS^ w h M y O D 1 ' Pa,,,ela? 40 the damsel in white muslin, whom be had just surprised at the piano, still warbling her honeyed strain about death and the roses ; " I came in five minutes ago—dead beat. I have been in tbe forest, and had a tramp with the deerhounds over Bramble Hil V " You walk too far. George. You are lookng dreadfully tired." "I'm sure yoa needn't apologize for yoar dress on my account," said Pamela. " Henry is a perfect disgrace half his time. He hates evening clothes, and I sometimes fear he hateB soap and water. He can reconcile his conscience to any amount of dirt 83 long as he has his cold tub in the morning. He . thinks that justifies anything. I have a ad to sit next him at dinner when he came straight from rats," concluded Pamela with a shudder. " But Rosalind is so fcolishly indulgent. She would spoil twenty husbands." " And you, I suppose, would be a martinet to one ?" said Greswold, smiling at the girl's animated face. , | "It would depend. If I were married to an artist I would forgive any neglect of the proprieties. One doeB not expect a man of that kind to be the slave of conventionalities; but a commonplace^ man like Sir Henry Mountford has nothing to recommend him but his horse and tailor." I They went to dinner, and Pamela's prattle ' relieved the gloom which had fallen npon husband and wife. George Greswold saw that there were signs of a new trouble in his wife's face. He sat for nearly an hoar with ' the untouched decanters before him, and with Kassandra's head npon his knee. The ' dog always knew when his thoughts were darkest, and would not be repulsed at sack times. She was not obtrusive—she only wanted to let him know there was some one in the world who loved him. It waB nearly 10 o'clock when be left tbe dining-room. He looked in at the drawing- i room door, and saw his wife and his niece sitting at work, silent both. | " 1 am going to the library to write some letters, Mildred," he said; " don't Bit np for me." | Sbe rose quickly and went over to him. 1 "Let me nave half an hour's talk with you first, George," she said, in an earnest voice, " I want so much to epeak to yoa." " My dearest, I am always at your service," he answered quietly, and they went across the hall together, to that fine old room which was essentially the domain of the master of the house. It was a large room with three long narrow windows—unaltered from the days of Queen Anne—looking out to the carriage drive in the front of the house. The walls were lined with books, in severely architectural bookcases. There was a lofty old marble chimneypiece, richly decorau ii, and a large knee-hole desk in front of the fireplace, at which Mr. G r e l ? w ? ld * ont "j* .. The™ »« a 8had e d «adu)g lamp ready lighted for him upon this table, and there was no other lamp in the room. By this dim light the sombre colouring of oak bookcases and maroon velvet window curtains deepened to black. The spacious room bad almost a funereal aspect. like that awful banquetting-hali to which , the jocose Domition invited bis parasites and straightway frightened them to death. "Well, Mildred, what is the matter?" asked Greswold, when his wife had seated herBelf beside him in front of the massive oak desk at which all the business of his eBtate had becc tiur^acted since he came toEnderby. "There is ar.rhing amiss, love, I hope, to make you so earnest." "There ia something very much amiss, George," she answered. " Forgive me if I pain you by what I have to say—by the questions 11 am going to ask. I cannot help giving von pain, and truly and dearly as I love you, 1 cannot go on suffering as I have suffered since that wretched Sunday afternoon when I discovered how you had deceived me—you whom 1 so trusted,BO honoured as the most upright among men." "It is a little hard that you should say I deceived you, Mildred. 1 suppressed one fact which had no bearing npon my relations with you." " You must have signed your name to a falsehood in the register if yoa described yourtelf as a bachelor." "I did not so describe yourself. I confided the fact of my first marriage to ycur father cn the eve of our wedding. I told him why I had been, silent—told him that my past life had been steeped in bitterness. He was generous enough to accept my confidence and to ask no questions. My bride was too shy and too much troubled by the emotion of the hour to observe what I wiote in the register, or else she might have noted the word widower after my name." "Thank God jou did not sign yoar name to a lie,' said Mildred, with a sigh of relief. , " B , orry of fourteen yeai« should think me capable of falsehood on tto document that sealed my fate with hers." "Oh, George, I know how true you arehow true and upright you have been i every word and every act-of your life since we tW9 have been one. It is not in my nature to misjudge you. I cannot think yoa capable of doing wrong to any one, even under strongest temptation. I cannot believe that fate conld set such a snare for yoa as coold entrap you into one dishonourable act: bat I am tortured by the thought of a psstlife of whiohl know nothing. Why did yon hlfle your marriage from me when we were lovers ? Why are yoa silent and secret now. when I am yoar wife, the other half of yoarself, ready to sympathize with you, to share the burden of dark memories? Trust me, George ; trust me. This secret ia fining ut> between as like a stony barrier. Trust me, dear love, and let us be again as we have been —united in every thought." "Yon do not know what you are asking me, Mildred,' said George Greswold, in hiq deep, grave voice, looking at her with hag-. gard reproachful eyes. " Yoa cannot measure the torture you are inflicting by this senseless cariosity." . " Yon cannot measure the tortare of doubt which I have suffered since I have known that you loved another woman before yon loved me—loved her so well that you cannot bear even to speak of that past life which \- -— —- FT"-"" NIW/IT you lived with her—regret her so intensely that now, after fourteen years of wedded life with me, the mere memory of that lost love can plunge you into gloom and despair," eaid Mildred passionately. That smothered fire of jealousy which had : been smouldering in her breast for weeks broke out all at once in impetuous speech. She no longer cared what she said. Tier only ; thought was that th6 dead love h&d; been 1 dearer and nearer than the living, that she had been cozened by a lover whose heart had ! never been wholly hers, never, even in the roseate dawn of her girlhood, nor in the sunj light of her earlv married life. She had been duped by her own affections, perhaps, from , the very beginning, j " I thought he must love me with the same measure that I loved him," she said to herself. " "Son are very ci uel, Mildred," her husband answered quietly. " You are probing an old wound, and a deep one, to the quick. Yott : degrade yourself more than yoa degrade me j by causeless jealousy and nnworthy doubts. * Yes, I did conceal the fact of my tint marriage—not because I had loved my wife too well—but because 1 had not loved her well econgh. I wai Bilent about a period of my ; life which was one of unutterable misery— > which it was my duty to myself to forget, if it were — possible to forget—which * — it was a ' peril to remember. My only chance of happii ness—or peace of mind—lay in total oblivion of that bitter time. It was only when I laved you that I began to believe forgetfulness wai possible to ae, I courted oblivion by everv meanB in my power. I told myself that the man who had suffered was "a man who hai ceased to exist. George Bansome was dead. Georee Greswold stood on the threshold of a new life, with infinite capacities for happinesB. I told myself that I might be a belovei and honoured husband—which I had never been; a useful member of society—which I had hot been hitherto. Until that hoar all things had been against met With yon for my wife, all things wonld be in my favour. For thirteen happy years this promise of our marriage morning was folly realized; then came my darling's death; and now comes yonr estrangement." "lam not estranged, George. It Is only ' ^readof the beimningfest^gem^t ^ t S ^ K t b i S S J S A S S J & npon that bidden past. It is weak ana h, I know, to have done BO. I ought to nnqaestioningly; but I cannot, George, I cannot. I love you too well to love without jealowy." fiMtaittBaU'S " Well, let the veil be lifted than, since it mnst be BO. Ask what questions yoa please, and I will answer them—as beat I can. "You are very good," she faltered, draw* iog a little nearer to him, leaning her head against his shoulder as she talked to him,. and laying her hand on his as it lay be fere him on the desk, tightly clenched. " Tell me, dear, were you happy with your first wife?" " I was not." i " Not even in the beginning ?" ' " Hardly in the beginning. It was an ill. advised union, entered into upon impulse." " But she loved you very dearly, perhaps." "She loved me—dearly—after her manner of loving.^"E3JQ1 "And yon did not love her?" " lt is a cruel thing yoa force me to say, Mildred. No, 1 did not love her." "Had yoa been married long when she died?' She felt a quivering movement in the clenched hand on which her own lay caressingly, and she heard him draw a long and deep breath. " £bout a ^ear and a half." Her death was a sad one, I know. Did she go out of her mind before she died f' I "No." 1 " Did she leave you—or do you any great wrong?" j "No." ! "Were you false to her, George—Oh, 1 forgive me, forgi\ e me—but there must have been sonit thing more sad than common sadnese, and it might be that some new and . atallove" " There was no Buch thing," he answered sternly. "I waB true to my marriage vow. It was not a long trial—only a a year and a half. Even a profligate might keep faith or so short a span." " I see you will not confide in me. I will ask no more questions, George. That kind of catechism will not make us more in sympathy with each other. I will ask yoa nothing more—except—just one question—a - woman's question. Was your first wife beautifol in your eyes ?'* " She was not beautiful, but she Aras intellectual, and Bhe had an interesting countenance—a face that attracted me at first sight. It was even more attractive to me than the faces of mach handsomer women. But if you wonld like to know what yonr fancied rival was like yoa need not languish in ignorance," he added, with seme touch o£ .: scorn. " I have her photograph in this desk. I have kept it for mv days of humiliation, to remind me of what I have been and what I may be again. Would you like to see it?" " Yes, George, if it will not pain yea too much to show it to me." " Do not talk of pain. You have stirred the waters of Marah so deeply that one more : bitter drop cannot signify," he unlocked his desk as he spoke, lifted the lid which was sustained by a movable upright, and groped * among the accumulation of papers and parctments inside, The object for which he was seeking was at the back of the desk, under all the papers, He found it by touch, a morocco case oontaining a cabinet photograph. Mildred stood up beside him, with one hand on his shoulder as he searched. He handed her the case withont a word. She opened it in silence and looked at the portrait within. A small, delicately featured face, with large dark eyes—eyes almost too large for the face—a slender throat, thin, sloping shoulders—eyes that looked oat of the picture with a strange intensity, a curious alertness in the countenance as of a woman made np of nerves and emotions, a nature i t b t * - - .?? the element of repose, Mildred stared at the picture three or fonr seconds, and then with a choking sound like? a strar gled 8ob fell swooning at ber husband'sfeet. END OF BOOK L ' i " Carpet" rhymes with no single word, bat sorre bold poet dared to evade the difficulty thns:— *' Sweet maid of the inn, Tis Barely no ein To toast sach a beautiful bar pet; Believe me, my dear, Yonr feet wonld appear At borne on a nobleman's carpet," Hotel Clerk to Missouri Colonel—" What was that noise in room l" "Oh, I had t0 break the neck of t bottle I found thwe, 38 I couldn t draw the . o.k."_ Why, the ccly bottle there was a bund fire grenade. " Is that 60? I thought the liquor was very mild." Wife (looking over bills)—"Do you remember how many brook trontyou caught on jour fishing trip last Sunday ?' Husband —There were jost twelve of 'em; all beanties. Why?" Wife—"The dealer has made a mistake. He only charges for half &. dozen." 