BROADBRIM H NEW YORK LETTER. ] Ten years ago in all of this gre.it city 110 two names were better known than those of George Law and Jesse Hoyt. Botli had been identified with the city's business under takings and speculations formally years, and both had succeeded in accumulating soveral millions of dollars ; both of them had succeeded also in earning the detestation of their fellow men by lives of meanness and oppression, so that when death overtook them there were no mourners-nothing but ex pectant heirs, who were mostly disappointed in their taking off. In many respects there was a wonderful resemblance between the two men ; the natures of both were grasping and pitiless ; debtors were' pursued with ferocity till the uttermost' farthing was paid ; forgiveness of an obligation was un known to them ; penurious in their stylo of living, it seemed to be the business of . their lives to pinch and screw and axld to the golden pile, which thoy expected would be their monuments. Jesse Hoyt was a general speculator in produce, and George Law was mixed up in many great undertakings with steamboats and railroads, and at the time of his death was the owner of the lease of one of the principal ferries between New York and Brooklyn. While George Law lived the ferry-houses were the most wretched wrecks, and the ferry-boats were disreputable old hulks, that daily and hourly threatened the lives of the passengers. Prayers: and entreaties were alike in vain. While the passengers suffered George Law piled up the dollars that he never could enjoy, slid ho kept on piling them up till one day death came knocking at the door. Ilis family was small, consisting only of his wife and one son-a young man whose recent performance at Saratoda had set all New York agog. When old George Law, after accumulating several millions, was called to his final ac count, this hopeful young gentleman was the only heir to his enormous wealth. He had hardly laid his father in the grave, and got possession of his bank book, when he started out to see the world, which up to that mo ment was as much of a blank to him as tlio Mountains of the Moon. . He made the ac quaintance of a pack of gamblers, prize fighters and fast men, ; atid l the fact that, some of his chosen associates, had served time in State Prison, seemed', rattier >a re commendation than a detriment. . One can easily understand, that, that with ('unlimited means and with such company, there was not much on the shady side of life that this modern Caligula did not see, The-prize ring, the race-course and the gambling- hell knew him well, and in their support his millions flowed like water.' The crowning act of shame and folly took place last week at Saratoga, when he invited a . party of gamb lers and toughs into a saloon 'and sent for a i prominent jeweller of the town and presented the ontire crowd with diamond studs and rings, the aggregate value of which was nine thousand dollars. George Law left a colos sal fortune, but if his heir is not restrained by the courts and his property put in the hands of trustees, he may yet share the fate of "coal-oil Johnny," and become a saloon bummer, living on the memory of his former wealth. The heir of Jesse Hoyt is not more fcrtu-j nate than the heir of Geol'ge Law. ~ JTer un' fortunate habits led to her incarceration in a lunatic asylum just before her father died, [ and her conduct just previous to his decease was worse to him than the bitterness of '? death. Desiring as far as possible to secure her against the chances of poverty, he loft the income of a million and a half of dollars for her in trust. She has made a Sesperate and determined fight to get posses sion of the principal, but so far without success, and just now she is keeping out of the road of the New York courts for fear of being adjudged a lunatic. The ; man who had wrestled with his fellows in the battle of life, who cornered the market on wheat and corn, who gloated'over" his success while ruin was all around him, died miser ably, regarding his only child as his bitterest enemy-fearing the sight of her at his dying; bed. These two heirs are all that remain of. two of the richest men in New York twenty years ago. . 7 . ; > A genuine sensation was the arrival in the city of the Democratic candidate for Yice President, the Hon. Allan; G'. Thurman. Whatever may be our difference in regard to parties, there can be no question about the hold that the grand Old Roman ha3 011 the mass of the Democracy, and New York turned out to give him a right royal welcome. But about that welcome there . wei'e some very singular features, which to an outsider seemed anything bub democratic. I know we have a tough population, and it is neces sary that good order should be maintained ; but the manner in which that order; was carried out merits the sever&sfccoiidenination.; It is safe to say that thsre is not a man or woman in Now York who would have offered the slightest offence to Allan G. Thurman but the police acted as if his life was in danger, and drove the crowd back as if he was in fear of assassination. After his arrival at the Fifth Avenue Hotel, cordon's of police guarded every avenue of approach, making the hotel look as if it was in a state of siege. When General Jackson visited NewYork sixty years ago, he rode on' hoi-se I back the entire length of the city, without a ! body-guard, except such as the, hospitable ' citizens gave him. The same may be said of General Grant, General Sherman, General Sheridan, and hosts of other great men ; and aside from every other view, it was'entirely undemocratic, and was a bitter, disappoint ment to many of Mr. Thurnian's admirers and friends. His reception at the Madison Square Garden awakened the wildest [ enthusiasm. No conqueror ever received a heartier or more generous welcome, but his sudden sickness was a grievous disappoint ment. The cool weather has brought back our I vagrant pastors and teachers, and once .more our schools and churches are open. The J arrival of the Rev. Dr. Talmage in Brooklyn, j after two months' holiday, was the signal for a regular jubilee. ? After travelling thousands of miles and preaching two or three times a day, and as he says himself, shaking hands with 100,000 people, he comes ; back to the Tabernacle just radiant, looking j as blooming as though he had been living on peaches and cream and resting 011 a bed of roses. In his absence he lias done the work of a round dozen good ministers, and not withstanding labor that would have killed six ordinary men, hedeclares that he has had the best time of his life. Long may he wave and be spared to the Tabernacle congregation and the world. 0 0 It is just two weeks ago since a funeral cortege rolled into Woodlawn' Cemetery. There were three carriages and a hearse, a beautiful white little coffin, all covered with gold and pretty white plumes, and the little coffin inside was buried with beautiful flowers. The coffin was an elegant and costly aflair w'th silver handles, and the elegant silver plate 011 the top recorded the fact that within lay Daisy Bell, born April 21st, 1884 ; died August 20th, 1887. Every thing about the interment was entirely cor rect ; the physician's cfirkifioata »-<» uu hand, certifying to the fact that Daisy Bell had died of pneumonia. Ashes were rendered to ashes and dust to dust, and Daisy Bell was quietly laid to rest. Bitter tears were shed over Daisy Bell's mortal remains, and it was said that in a few days a splendid monu ment would mark the spot and record the virtues of Daisy Bell. After a time it leaked out that Daisy Bell was a favorite Scotch terrier belonging to Mrs Mary Bel] of Madison avenue. As soon as this dis covery was made there was n rumpus among the holders of lots in Woodlawn. The parties most intimately concerned, to wit, the dead, were quiet enough about Daisy : not so with their living relatives. At last the howl be came so general thata meeting of the Board of Trustees was called, and after a good many whereas and wherefores, and be it resolved, etc., etc., it was concluded, to ask Mrs. Bell to remove Daisy. Mrs. Bell put hor royal foot down and said she'd bo blessed if sh'd do it khatshe'd paid three hundred dollars for the lot and fchree hundred more for the coffin and one hundred and fiftyforincidentals-and that there Daisy should lie till Gabriel sounded his horn. Finding .remonstrance and entreaty all in vain, the trustees resolved that Daisy Bell would have to get out wille nille ; and when Mrs. Bell found that Daisy was likely to go to Potter's field, she consented to the removal011 thecondition that 110 mortal exceptherself and the grave- digger should know where Daisy was buried. Query.--What was all the row about? 1-hero is 110 question that thedogwasanhonest dog, and a much more respectable person than lots of departed ghosts in Woodlawn, over whom groat marble monuments were reared. One of the prottiest monuments in Green wood is a dog reposing at his master's feet, and the tradition is that the. faithful creature is sleeping close to his master; they were companions in life arm death did not divide them. I can't say myself that I like to see a woman packing a dog about when I think that her arms might be filled to better advantage. I draw fclie line on those little shaggy blear- eyed creaturee for which many women appear to cherish such exceeding affection. Yet I love a dog, especially the Newfoundland, the St. Bernard, the setter, the pointer and the mastiff ; but as I said, I draw the line on poodles. The tempest is past, and I trust that tlio sleepers in Wood lawn will have in the futureno worse company for their silent vigil than Daisy Bell. RosiiHashann, the Jewishnewyear, received a more general observance this year than it has before in my memory. At the Christian new year tho presentation of gifts is common; but the gifts of the Jews at Rosh Hashana are gifts of love and charity. Poor indeed must be that Jew who has not some little gift of food, raiment or money for some one po'oror than himself. At this season the business man puts aside his business cares and devotes himself to his family and friends. An appeal to his charity'at this ti.ne is never in vain. Even the hard grasping usurer forgets his cent per cent,,and in blessed deeds of charity lays up future stores of grace, on which he expects to draw in the hour of his need. ; A polar wave struck us in tho middle of last week, which sent the whole townscurryihg for winter, flannels and overcoats. The blizzard lasted for two days, and just as our female re lations began to dig out their sealskin sacques the weather took a sudden change, becoming as muggy and warm as any we have felt this season-the tveek winding up witli one of the heaviest rain storms that we have had for two months. . The churches all made a handsome showing, having been newly painted and brightened up. Thebrethrcn andsiatera, brown as berries, were delighted tp see each other ; women' kissed and men-shook hands, and every one declared that he had had.'a good time. But even the traveller to Jerusalem and the wanderer from the Rhine, finding themselves once more under the old roof, were willing to admit that for a permanent place to live in there was no place like home. So say I. : 5, Truly yours, " BROADBRIM.; 