BROADBRIM'S NJEW YORK LETTER. "Do youbelieve inluck ?" " Of coursenot. None butsuperstitious people inluck. believe This is an enlightened age ire live in. In the olden time, when people were ignorant and foolish, it was all very well to believe in luck; but we've got past that now, and don't you forget it!" Thia was the reply of a very smart man to me last week when! asked him the question indicated abovo. I was standing on the corner of Twenty-third street and Sixth avenue, in front of Levi M. Bates' dry-goods store, while thousands of dollars worth of costly silks, laces, cloths, etc., were going under the auctioneer's hammer. On the op posite corner the Masonic Hall stands, a i monument to the energy of the "Brethren of the Mystic Tie." Fifty yards from the northwest corner is Kostor and Bial's beer garden, where hundreds gather nightly to see O'Connor travesty Shakespeare. But it is with the first corner named that I have to do now, when I asked if you believed in luck. A hundred years ago, whan the old post road led out to the village of Blooming Dale, right on this piece of land was a famous old mansion occupied by a. family by the name of Vo» der Hyde. The house was surrounded by well laid out grounds, and back of it was a pleasant orchard reaching far beyond the limits of the present Madison Square. It was in the yei>r 1762, September 12, that a mighty crowd of excited burgers might be seen surrounding the old manor house, for early that morning Emeritus Yon der Hyde and his wife were found murdered in their bed, and the house had been robbed of silver ware and valuables, with which the robbers had escaped. The murder caused a profound sensation, and although the Von der Hyde property was one of the most desirable on tho Island, it was jears before anyone could be found to occupy it. It was known far and near as the haunted house. Late travellers riding in the wee hours to and from Blooming Dale, asserted that they heard un seemingly noises; lights flashed out from the windows of tho room where the murder had been committed, and more than one was ready to swear that they had' seen old Emeritus Yon der Hyde and his wife looking out of the windows-th#ir garments crim soned with blood as they wcro on tho night of the murder. Tears rolled on aud the old mansion was torn down, for bad luck seemed to pursue it, no matter what business was tried there. Failure after failuro followed it. About aeventeon years ago. it was pur chased by Mr. Edwin Booth, who invested in it all the earnings of his life, and also in duced his father-in-law, James McVickarof Chicago, to back him in the venture, and the result was Booth's Theatre, ono of; the most magnificent temples of the drama ever erected in New York Aided by the genius and ex perience of Booth, Shakespeare was produced here as it had never before been seen in Now York. The best actors, the best scenery, tho most gorgeous costumes,-everything that art could lend or genius conceive, conspired for Bucce^Sj- but all in vain. Tlja .ghost of Emeritus Yon dev Hyde and his wife 'walked the s'age arid sat in, ,tho flies and flitted among the scenes aftor tho rivfdieJica had .de parted; and one day Edwin Booth niarclred out of tho theatre a ruined man; his fortune gone, his father-in-law seriously crippled, and himself a bankrupt, loaded trith liabilities to the tune of a hundred thousand dollars. Then Dion Boucicault took it, and he vent to the wall in a few weeks. Stetson of Boston, ono " of the most successful managers in the United States, tried It and came to grief after sink ing a respectable fortune- He withdrew, and lio manager had the courage to try it after lilrri. The building was then altered into stores. The corner was thought to bo one of the very best in New York. It was opened by a couple of experienced and enterprising men as a dry gcJda store; All around them and on every side were men who had built, up colossal fortunes in the dry goods business, but bad luck followed them from the first, and wlion on the verge of bankruptcy they found a purchaser in Levi M. Bates,formerly of tiie great Broadway firm of. Reed, Bates and Cooley, a firm which ranked with Horace B. Ckflin and A. T. Stewart in their palmiest days. The firm dissolved a couple of years ago, and Mr. Bates retired on a million. His cr'fe'dit vfas unimpeachable and his experience unquestioned; If.Henfi.as did not agree with him, so he bought out the firm 011 the fatal corner of Sixth avenue and Twenty-third street. The same dark cloud that haunted all the rest followed him. With the most splendid stock of goods in the city, and the most accomplished salesmen and women, he could not sell'enough to pay his expenses. Two weeks ago the Sheriff step ped in and closed him up, and this week everything went under tho auctioneer's hammer. Do you believe in ghosts ? No sir. Are you superstitious 1 Not a bit of it. "Would you walk under a ladder? Not if I could get around it. Believe in spirits'? That question savors of Prohibition, sir, and I decline to answer. The great revival is ended, and Brother Harrison has gone to Sing Sing, where we board about two thousand gontlemen at. the expense of the State: Brother Harrison, at the closing meetingon Thursday,said that the day before the proprietor of a great daily newspaper had seilt for llini and asked him to pray for him. Since then everybody has been trying to find out who the repentant sinner was. At first I thought itwasPultzer of *' Thb World," but filially came to the conclu sion that it could not be him, as he is gene rally recognised as being outside the pale of saving grace. An earthquake wouldn't touch Dana of "The Sun." Then I thought of Bennett of "The Herald," as he is a fitting subject for earnest prayer, and it occurred to mo that he might have sent a dispatch by the Mackey- Bennettcable to the young evangelist for prayer. On reflection I came to the con clusion that nothing but a miracle could save him. It could not be Brother Shepard of "ThcMailand Express,"as ho does not need prayers, being already among the elect. Could it be Whitelaw Roid of "The Tri bune ?" Pshaw, no. The President of the profane Lotus Club would never think of such a thing. After much deliberation I settled down on Henry Waterson. Mr. Harrison did not say it was a New York Daily-but a great daily newspaper. Now if any man needs prayer for his sal vation among the editorial fraternity, with a g >od fighting chance of being saved if he will only repent of his sins, that man is Henry Waterson of "The LouisvilleCourier Jourual." He would not make a \ad evangelist himself ; and when he gets over his summer outing, if it was known in Ken tucky that Harrison prayed for him, even the Star-eyed Goddess of Reform would have to take a back soat. I am sorry to say that although two thousand five hundred is re ported as the sum of the spiritual harvest, ._>ofc one single newspaper reporter has boen gathered in. Early last week it was given out that a newspaper reporter had risen and asked for prayer. When they told me he be longed to " The New York World," that settled it. Yet who knows what may happen whon Brother Harrison returns in the fall : " While the lamp holds out to burn. The vilest sinner may return." " Man's inhumanity to man makes count less thousands mourn." That's all very fine, but you don't hear anything about woman's inhumanity to woman. Oh, 110. You shove it all on man. Yet in Brooklyn, right across the river, lives Mrs. Greenslade, who made the mistake that lots of us have made-she picked out the wrong follow for a life partner, and did not find out her mistake till the knot was tied so fast that you could not untie it with your teeth. St.ll Mrs. Greenshade made the best of her badbargain,and tried to earn an honest living. She tried keeping boarding-liouso, but the boarders eat her hash and failed to pay her. She turned dressmaker, but she ruined the stuff and har dresses did not fit. At last, in despair alio started a barber shop, and she practiced 011 Greenslade till she got her hand in, and then she took a turn at the general public. Her first customor was a gay old boy, who had married a widow with ducats, about ten years older than himself. Mrs. Greenslade was rubbing in the lather under his chin and was holding him tenderly by the nose when Mrs. Curly walked into the shop. To say thatCurlygot out of the chair in a hurry, faintly describes what followed. Mrs. Curly tipped the scales at 247; Mrs. Green slade turned the steelyards at 104i ; but science made up the difference in weight, and a razor turned the tide of battle. After that the women of tho neighborhood turned against Mrs. Greenslade, and eventually they drove her out. Her life-partner is a crank who imagines himself a prophet, and lie now devotes his time to proving that Judas was the most worthy of the Apostles. When Belva Lockwood came to Brooklyn to open her fight for the Presidency, Greenslade got himself up ill a base ball suit full of stripes, with a big red heart on his breast, and sat right in front of their fair speaker, applaud ing every word. From there he w ent to the Salvation Army, and he gave them such a dose that he landed in the police station. Meanwhile the women have banded against poor little Mrs. Greenslade.' The storm of Saturday night'struck us very much like a Western cyclone. The display of celestial fireworks was something marvel lous. For three hours the sky was a sheet of flame, and its concentrated fury burst on the works of tho United States Electrical Com pany, destroying a portion of ita plant and burying the city in darkness from -the City Hall to Fourteenth Street. Forty of the workmen were knocked down and fled from the burning building. The storm raged with great fury for several hours, and left the city as clean as a new pin; for which, lightning and all, Providence be thanked. Truly yours, BROADBRIM. 