SOME STRANGE WILLS . A Mr. Tnkc, of Rothcringham, who died In 1812 (says an English paper on the nbovo sub ject), by his last will and testament left a penny to every child who should attend his funeral, wicn tno result that over 700 youngsters, who didn't caro whether school kept, were in attend ance. All tho poor women of tho parish were made happier by the bequest of one shilling to each ; tho bollriagora woro left r- hulf- guinoa " to strike off one peal . of grand hobs" at tho exact moment the body was and seven of the oldest navvies were to havo a guinea for "puddling him up" in his grave. An old womau, 44 who hail for II years tucked him up in his bed," was made richer hy tho sum of one guinea. His crowning act was to inako one en dowment by which 40 dozen penuy loaves wero to be thrown down from the parish church steeple at noon on every Christmas day for over, William Jacket, of Islington, who was gathcrcd in in 1787, made a sensiblo will, even if it was in rhyme : — I givo and bequeath, IV lien I'm laid underneath, To my two loving sisters most dear, The wliolo or uiy store, NVero it twice as much more, Which God's goodness has grunted me here. And that none nuiy provent This, my will and intent, Or occasion tho least of vain racket, With a soloum appeal I confirm, Bigu and seal This, tho true act and deed of Will Jacket. A German bequeathed liis monoy to a poor man whom ho detested, on condition that ho always wore thin whlt-c linen nndcrolothcs, without any extra underclothing. Stanislaus Poltzmnrz left thogrcator part of his fortuno to a Hungarian notary, forbidding him, however, to take possession until ho had sung in La Scala or Snn Carlo opera houso tho parts of Rossini's Utello and Jfilviro in JSonnambula. l'oltzinarz, who was 80 years of age when ho executed his will, wroto : — " I do not disposo of my wealth in this manner for the sako of being thought an original, but having been present four Years ago at an evening party in Vienna, I heard M. Lots sing a cavatina from each of these operas with a beautiful tenor voice; there- fore I believe him likely to become an excellent artist. In any case, if tho xntblio hisses him, lie can console himself easily with 3,000,000 of florins which I leave hitn." It is to be lamented tliat no record can be found at baud of the suc cess of the lucky M. Lotz on the lyric stage. A wealthy London widow left an annuity of moro than £200 yearly to a parrot, which had been 'her faithful companion for 24 years." The will of one Garland, who died June, 1888, contains this clause : — " I bequeath for my monkey, my dear and amusing Jocko, the sum of £10,000 per annum, to bo employed for his sole use and benefit ; to my faithful dog, Shock, and my well beloved cat, Tib, a pension of £5 ; and desire that in case of the death of either of tho three, the lapsed pension shall pass to tho other two, between whom it shall be equally divided. On the death of all tho three the sum appropriated to this purposo shall become tho property of my daughter, Gertrude, to whom I give this prefer ence among my children, because of the large family she hnu and tho difficulty she finds in bringing them up." Mr. Fnrstono, of Alton, having no rolatives, left £7000 to tlio first man of his name who would wed a woman of the satnc name, and tho money was to bo paid down on the day of marriage. Solomon Sanborn, of the town of Mcdford, Massachusetts, a hatter by trade, left his body to the late Prof. Agassiz and Dr. Oliver Wen dell Holmes, to bo by thom prepared iii the most skilful and scientific manner known to anatomical art, and placed in tho museum of anatomy of Harvard College. Two drum head9 wero to made of skin. Upon one was to be in scribed Alexander Pope's Universal Prayer, and on tho other the Declaration of Independence, and tlien they wero to be presented to his distinguished friend and patriotic citizen, the drummer of Cohasset. This presentation was conditional that upon the 17th of June, at sunrise every year, Simpson should beat, or causo to bo beaten, upon the drumheads at the foot of the monument at Bunker Hill, tho spirit- stirring strain of Yankee Doodle. Those por tions of his remains whioh wero of no uso to the nnatomisers were to bo "composted" into a fertiliser for the purposo of nourishing the growth of an American elm, to be set out in soino public thoroughfare, that tho weary man might rest and sportive children might gambol beneath tho shadow of the luxuriant branches. Henry, Earl of Stafford, inserted the follow ing in his will : — " I give to the worst of women, who is guilty of all ills— the daughter of Mr. Grammonfc, a Frenchman — whom I have unfortunately married, five and forty brass half pence, whioh will buy her a pullet for her supper — a greater sum than her father can often make her, for I havo known when he had neither money nor credit for such a purchase, Jie being tho worst of men aud his wife tho worst o? women in all debaucheries. Hnd I known their characters I had never married their daughter, nor made myself unhappy." A charming instance of woman's trust in and love for inan is found in the will of Lady Pal- raerston, an ancestress of tho famous Prime Minister. Says this estimablo lady, referring to her husband " As I havo long given you my heart, and my tendcrest affections and fondest wishes have always been yours, so is everything else that I possess ; and all that 1 can call mino being already yours, I have nothing to give but my heartiest thanks for the care and Idndnoss you have at any timo shown me, either in sickness or In health, for which God Almighty will, I hope, reward you in n better world. Howover, for form's sako. I here give and bequeath you as follow .—First, the £10,000 left me by .Sir R. IT. ; tlie £200 a year annuity left me by my father ; the gold cup and the two lesser chocolate cups, which I wish you would sometimes look on, as a remembrance of death, and also of the fondest and most faithful friend you over had." Tho chocolate cups re ferred to were little cups formed of mourning rings, which were used daily byLadyPalmerston iu memory of departed friends. Philip, the fifth Earl of Pembroke and Mont gomery, who died ou tho Uth of December, 1 1669, auid in liis will : — " As for my soul, I do confess I have often heard men speak of tho soul, but what may be these same souls, or what their destination, God knoweth ; for myself, I know not. Meu have likewise talked to me of another world, which I have never visited, nor do I know eveu an inch of tho ground that leadoth thereto. When the king was reigning I did make my son wear a surplice, being desirous that ho should become a bishop ; and for myself I did follow the religion of my master. Tlion como the Scotch, who did make ine a Presbyterian, but since tho time of Oromwell I have become an Independent. These are, methinkg, the three principal reli- gioiw of tho kmgdom. If any one of the three can save a soul, I desire they will return it to Him who gave it to :no. "I give my body, for it is plain I cannot keep it, as you Bee tlio chirurgeon3 are tearing it to pieces. Bury me, tberoforo. I hold churches and lands enough for that. Above all, put my body beneath tlie church porch, for I am, after all, a man of birth, and I would that I should be interred where Colonel Pride was horn. "Seeing that I do menaco a certain Henry Mildmay, hut did not thrash him, I do leave the sum of £50 sterling to the lackey that shall pay unto hitn my debt, "I should have given to tho author of tho libel on women, entitled 'News of tho Ex change,' 3d. to invent a yet more scurrilous mode of maligning ; but seeing that ho iusulteth and shindereth I know not how many honest persons, I commit tho office of paying him to the same lackey who undertaketn tho arrears of Henry Mildmay. Ho will teach him to distin guish between honorable womon and disreput able. " I give up the ghost." 