OHIT CHAT. Br Eilchv. ' " 14 Whon n man tatcctli. his ddbghtor into a strancrn land to give her in marriage, bIio cititur goeth forth to. deceivo or be deceived," in it Spanish proverb that has once tnoro been exemplified m Australia, mid in high social circh'H. A man who has paracd tho best years of his lifo in the society of (rood and beautiful girl", and whose perttBtcnb celibacy has caused every matchmaker to consign hiiu to old bachelor hood, has married one who camo to Australia for a visit. He was wry fastidious— every girl lio met with was cither too tnstor too slow, too stout or too lli!n,not rich enough if pretty, and not pretty enough If rich, too dressy or too dowdy— although ho admitted that they wore nice girls to play, 'flirt, dance or chat with, and it wna Iinrd to find, utter ho wan married, that tlio woman lio hid chosen hnd not told him that sho had figured us co-re spondent in a divorco suit. Although men were deceivers over, no man Is not pnmcd when deceived, nud although 1 thoro urn many innn who will overlook every wickcdnera confessed nnd ragruttod when they hear of it from the ono tlicy love, there are fow who, when thoy find a wife lias concealed from them what they loarn from other sources, can forgivo tho deception, Whon a man In in love not all tlio king's horses nor nil tho kind's men could deter him from mnrrryiiig, nud in every case where friends or foe# try to break nn engage ment with good or bad motives, they only strengthen its bunds. And it is here that any woman so placed, if sho; Ims ilono wrotig/hasa chance: to tell the truth, nud probably live hapully ever afterwards. Suino timo ago a man from a northern colony brought his daughter to como Melbotirnu fes-. livltiep, purposing to give her tti mnrrmgo to a Victorian who in'ho had met in a hucinccs way a short time before, and who was very eligible,' having reached yeura of ctiscrctiou, nnd, rtqiort said, accumulated plenty of tliis world goods. Patcrfninilwa never cerwcd talking of his daughter' beauty and cleverness, and ot the many eligible uffeia that sho would uot accept, adding that lio had at last found a man after his own heart to whom ho could safely trust hi daughter's Imppines?. She came, she saw, she conquered, nnd a tnoro wn no reason why ihn wedding should bo delayed after a lew dny sho returned home, nnd a coxtly trousseau in keeping with hor father's reputed .wealth and her futuro position was prepared, Aud tho cstabiliiuc»t that was to ho her futuro home was made ready. When lo 1 A littlo bird whisppred Jn the car of the bridt-gr<»oin elect that it was strange one to sought .should be Piv'-n to nn utter stranger. Paltry excuses were made to delay tho nmrringo from lime to' time, nnd/ nt Inst the eugogcinuiit was broken off, nnd, tlio father found that tho mnu he had selected as n ion-in law wan net such a foul as ho looked, and although breach of proinho prnct'ediugs were threatened, they were not carried out nnd the father nnd h»s daughter sailed array lo a liumblo sphere in their uniivo land. Thu projected nmrringo bad been tho lat hopo of a lieimiiess man, who wislied to provido well for his daughter's future, mid pick up any crumbs thut fell, without uitlicr considering hor Imp- pine 01 tho innn whose unfortunate position' compelled him to marry for money also ; nnd hnd it nob been for tho lovo of money nud tho deception, there wiw no reaion why tiicse two persons nliould not have been joined in holy matrimony, nud lived happily, marrying for love and working for tho "siller" necessary. Breach of. .promise cases rarely coma Into court, nnd thus beforo tho public, but too often women -who claim thousands to lieaHheir woundtd feelings, nro glad ' to tako hundreds that n innn who is sentdiivo prefers to part with, to hush up a matter thnt would bring him into ridicule. And in such instances tho way tho engagement is anmiunced, and tho utter absence of feeling shown by tho parents or tlio nggriuved one, innhu thinking pooplo suspect that tliC'Sn profltnhlo acratagem havu been tried beforo successfully. When men don't propose thoy nro often nsked thrir intuntiaiiN, ar.d rushed into nn engage- ment boforo tbny bavo meant anything ba& a preliminary to what would afterward develop into, scrioiisutfjs or nothing, and if a man ha cause to think that ib h better, to part with a few hundred than Urn life' happi ness by A un»«m thnt is dUtntctul to hitn, a. sctUcineut of tho tliivatened action i soon arrived at, arid ho ia bound by honor uot to mention what is nn open secret i ftnd a Jong as this system of binckin&iling; is countenanced by those who ought lo stamp It out, there will be few proposals and fewer marriages. But is a inau to trifle with ft girl's affvotume and spoil bar chance of matrimony?' many will m>k. Cortaliily not. And thoro is a wide difference bntw.'un a 111111 wiiois wrak enough to bo entrapped by plotting inutnos, nud tho fnacinaiiuim pub forward by. girl an d onu who does so j but if ifeissliowiitiifttamnndoeB nil this it is wmunn's lot to miller iu silence,', and instead . ot dupluring , .sho ought to . chant an .' incessant To Douui that 'sho r!s rid of 'a man 'who must certainly have bccorno a husband of the worst, degree; arid instead; of., lcttlug tho "worm iti tho bud feed oil her ' (lntria'i Ic'- cheeK, " . she bad botti'r be up aud doing, , and occupation and common jsensa wilt sbon maka her' fnrget au episode in her life, that aim coukl uot avoid ami has no cause to feel ashamed of." . . A fow good tilings air! a lot of nonsense, have been written about the subject of mou's proimsiug or not proposing in the long con tinued correspondence about it that is read bo eagerly, and yet wo hear of no 'end of pro posals, acceptances, refusals and mnrriagcR every day, and of evory proposal being con ducted 111 the orthodox manner by tno mnu who loves or professes to love tlio girl he wfche to marry ; and only onu iustanco is pre . smitcd of any woman taking advantage of leap year. In this a lady boasts that she is to marry a man she had been devoted to for nearly two years becauso sho found that although lie d id not even try to conceal his love for her— am! could uot havo dono so hnd ho tried— hu was wanting in courage. Last year a woman laid hor large fortuno nud her heart nt thu feet of n young man, who being admittedly very poor and not very clover, and of a modest disposition, would never liavo been courageous enough to mako licr nn offer ; but it was un fortunate that he had already sworn to bu good and true to a penniless girl lie loved and adored, nud when she was told tho reason why ho must bo rejected sho suid sho was not yet ashamed of having been truo to herself. Although no one can condemn this reversing of tho utmal order it can uovor become general, 'tVr.'t is tho fats of a woman, Lou;? teb? patient and silent, to wait like a ghost tW i« speechless, Till somo voice dissolves tho spell ot its siicu'C. . . Hence is tho inner life o,J suffering Sunless and silent and deep, like sitluvf nc-an rivers Running through caverns of darkness, unheard, unseen nnd unfruitful, Chafing their oh-tunuls of stonu with ond!o3s and profitless murmurs. One often hears married people nnd others say that nu actual proposal is soldom neces sary, as truo lovo produces a mutual under standing; but this is n practical ago and if n nun means business- thoro is no reason why ho cannot ropoat tho understood icntimonts cither iu words or on papzr to either tho onu ho loves or somo guardian even ;f ho bo ever 00 bashful. Understandings between men and women who are not prevontod from proclaim ing their lovo by youth or somoothcr justifiable reasons, nro a delusion and a snare that do an immense amount of harm to tlia causo of matrimony hero and elsewhere. Sho who Hes beneath tlrin otono Died of constancy aloue. Fear not to approach I Opas3crby Of nruicht contagious did she die. might bo placed over many a tomb. No; upderstaudings nob expressed between those who mean to marry will never successfully displaco tho genuino announced engagement. Thtro is too much attention without inten tion, fivjluonablii jufifc sow, and too many wo men havo had thoir happinaes3 wrecked by thoughtloss and wiaked mon, to permit his sweot innocent trusting manner of promising to marry to bo thought good any more. It lifts bcou said that ovcrcautinuines prevents more marriages than Any othor reason that has been given. A happy .combination of. lovo,- caution, trust nnd sincerity In fttiy one intend ing to marry, will always be. necessary ; on one side at least if tho course of courtship and. matrimony ore both to run' 'smooth ; and if every ' ono -pAtd. ns iriuoh attention .to tho, ; seriousness o!-eiigagements am) -matrimony as 1 any other business of life commands— leaving all mercenary motives entirely out of thu ques tion— an end would soon be put. to the prevail- : big cotch- who-catcli enn style of thu day, and . the laW of engagements would lio beautified, and all would rcsjiect and long for tlm holiest, and most beneficial institution of all civilisa tion. Tho man that has not tho pluck or deter mination that is necessary to promise, or be true to the girl h n nlinlewdy means to make his wifo somo day, generally puts off proposing ' us it ! a little awkward," nnd "an engage ment is . rath-r a tie," until the girl in question, doubling, bis sincerity, marries tho man whom she feels, she cnitnoo mistake, and sho certainly losns nothing in tho weakling- sho could never understand, as tho samo characteristic would probably havo caused her many nu unhappy hour, when pluck or determination well directed wtro essential to her succcs or well- bring, NothwiLhMnnding all tho croaking wo linvo heard over the dccrenno of innrringn, and tho .many reasons thnt liavo been put forward ns probable solutions of the mystery as its cause. Marriages ore on the increase, and thoro have been more Umfycar than any year previous, and there are to hu many more. A tow weeks ago, 11 weddings in one day took pluce nt St. ICildn, nnd judging liy the contly paraphernalia -of these, they wero among tho prosperous families of thu community. Ujkw one dny hi November, there were three fiishioimblo weddings, and tho whole ' cost of these combined,, would, at a much lower rate' of >ntereHt.thaii'»miiy'r.re just now compelled 10 pay, provide u cuuifurtablu in- . como for a largo family. . While there is so much talk abmic increasing our supply of doincutiu labor by additions from Great Britain 'and Europe, those who ; are activo In their ondcftvors to .bring this about, . wilt do well to pause and consider, if tlm present demand will exist after the next two or three months are past. The silver and land boom?, if thoy have hastened tlio richness of some, will prove disastrous to others iu tins community, and tlm commercial atmosphere of tho colony jh rapidly changing. If we can find work and food for the whole population already here, through nil the disturbances pre dicted nud the famine prices that food will soon cot, and thnt will continue ninny a day before better times will comu again, there will bo . every cause to sot apart a day for Special Thanksgiving that all ia past and over, nnd if a' great many fainilio havo to suffer some inconvenience, by having to ruducu thulr staff of servants, 'by tbrw, or four even, nnd others by doing without, and these are compelled to do nil Uiuir otvu domestic work, tho injury to tlio health nil! bi littl-i or not any ; I and the community will not Un disas trously affected. All thoso from the other colonics in their conversations a-itb. with Melboninitep, fay something like this 14 Tho colony is much depressed, but tro have little poverty and n ) destitution, becauso alt our unemployed classes havo flocked licro " (to Melbourne). And it might b« added that a great iinuiy idle aud soiuo criminal person were among tho number, and as food has to be found for tho wliolo of these by Melbourne, whether worked for, or provided for . tho unemployed, or or those in gaol or asylums,' it would ; pa-haps : ' bo well to think twice about adding to our 'poiiti1.ttinii just now— any class by capitalist. f tho Centennial year and tho Exhibition of " 1888 havo brought money or pleasure to soiuo ' of 11s it hns brought n.ereatcr expenditure bob ' t of the mu rowed incomes of otherajond -tlm high V price ot fuel ami . food during- the last lew imuitiui ami tho dread of the future, has -al ready caused' a considerable cutting down of expesiHO in many a household. Among thoso who will bo wiser, if sadder, 111 a few months,' and can uot reduce uxpeiulirurc, are the many who spent alt the capital they had, or entered into arrangements with usurers' terms to open orcairyon boarding-houses, with tlm hope of profiting by the over estimated rush of visitors at Exhibition. Although Melbonrno can barely accommodate the great influx of visitors that lake place nt an Exibition opening or s Racing Carnival, except immfdmtely m the vicinity of tho Exhibition, thero is no crowding when ib ia over; but where thu crowding is the prices thnb thu householders are compelled to take leave no profit, a the high rents . for tho houses and time-payment - furniture nnd the piut and present price of fuel <\ and provisions take every tiling without allowing fur thu time and labor that i given away for nothing. And all of these will only be too glad if they can entry on this well, oven nn nit Accident or a partly empty house would bring utler ruin. 