FOOTBALL NOTES. (By ' Ex Avast.') A thousand voices c led bur all ! As th-T saw the oval roll ; And the follower t-kyin? Iifyh liis cap, Shrieked out '* Tiie winning ?] ' IvEIO. j The fine weather last Saturday attracted I a good attendance to the Association j Ground, 'where the City (Hobart) and j South Launcestou met for the second time : this season. I was astonished at the opinions freely indulged in by the majority of the spectators present prior tot lie start of the game, 'that, the lucid club would not stand a ghost of a sli.-.u- against, the redoubtable City boys.' l'.u'one, 1 did not. expect them to win, but, 1 fully uiiti--ij-;ited that they would give the m^-ii ol the southern part of the island all that liiey could do to win ; yet ! luusf, c.nididly c.ui fess that 1 never dreamt of the South Launceston collaring their ^pp'.tfients in the way they did, and making the contest one of the most exciting yet flayed this season upon northern soil. O Connor won the toss from Ryan, captain of the City, and took advantage of a good wind. The first blood, however, was scored by the visitors, who all but netted a goal. This roused up the doughty knights under tbe leadership of O'Connor, and soon the oppor tunity presented itself to bring down the play within their opponents' camp, and the ball being smartly secured by V- oods, the firit goal to South' Launceston appeared on the board. The ball had hardly got well into play again than the same player dis tinguished himself by repealing the dose, when, the bell rang out first quarter time. ?With the wind in their favor numberless goals were to be placed to the credit of tbe City, and the South Launceston were fairly put on their mettle, O'Connor. Hunt, and Carnie working like tigers. Af'er severe struggling C. Tuutin at last secured a mark with the result of a score. Kicked off, more good work was put in by huh sides, and just before half time was called '-Joker' Hall did the needful, and tbe scores as the bell rang stood 2 coals 4 behiuds each. After the usual breather the South with the wind, plsved capitally, but during this quarter were unable to score, although Gunton had a chance to cover himself with glory, making a mark lire yards in front, but the ball hit the post. The hist quarter found the men of Launceston tiring, whilst ? on the other hand the City came strongly, Edwards hitting the post, followed by a more successful shot on the part of Lang ford, who kicked the winning goal for the Hobartonians. Result at call of time— City, 3 goals 6 beliinds; South Launceston, 2 goals 7 behinds. The City had 11 shots, securing 3 goals 6 lieliinds, one a poster, whilst two tries did not lodge behind. The South mustered nine possibles, kicking 2 goals 7 behinds with one poster and two attempts not recording even uemnas. for the winners, G. Yautin played the game as I should like every man that engages in the game of football to play it ; Ed wards' marking was superb ; M'Guinness followed untiringly; and they were well supported by the team generally. For the losers, I never saw 'Dodger' O'Connor labor eo hard, and he was well backed up by Carnie. The play of Hunt calls for special mention, and Whiting marked splendidly. Jimmy Johnson put in some fast work, and it appeared as if the majority of the team had been training hard from the way in which they worked all round. The absence of Armour was greatly felt. Fairly guaging the two teams from last Saturday's exhibition, the result of the game should have been a draw ; the visiting team even acknowledged this at the close of the game, and the play of the locals richly entitled them it. In connection with the above match a ludicrous scene occurred. At half time the captain of the City team objected to the central umpire, and declared that if he were not removed the Southern team would dis continue the match. A gentleman con nected with the Association, anxious to promote good feeling, sided with this objection and declared, that as a matter of courtesy the wishes of the visitors should be acceded to. Fortunately wiser counsels prevailed and the umpire appointed and sanctioned by the Northern Association was not deposed but continued his duties, and the Southerners determined upon finishing the game. Once the umpire has started upon his duties, whether be be fair or unfair, ,'is regards his decisions, he cannot be interfered with during the match. It is only a week or two since that Welsford, as central umpire in the match Carlton v. Jvortli Melbourne, Victoria, to all intents and purposes favored the Carlton, so nisirli so that at liulf time the vast crowd cuuld liardiy be persuaded to keep within bound?. The Association had no jurisdiction during the match, but asserted itself afterwards by suspending the gentleman named. The Geelong, too, complained very much about Mr Cherry, the Hobart central, during their last match against combined Hobart. but had to swallow the nauseous poti--n as best they'could. The fact is, go southwards, and they will tell you there is not a man can umpire fairly in the Korth : on the other hand interview a Northerner and he is just as positive that a Northern team can never hope for justice at tbe bands of a Southern umpire. And so it has ever been, and ever will be, whether in club or representative matches between the North and South. 1 was not pleased with the central umpire at all last Saturday, but while perfectly impartial, lie allowed the players to bully him, and through want of strictness permitted rough play to creep in, which would have been better conspicuous by its absence. Launceston v. soutn Liauncestuii wj-oaj, upon the Association Ground. From the form shown by the South last Saturday, and which, if c ontinued to-day, tbe match should lie a beauty. The Launccston have to lament the absence of Jim Deane and ' Fagan ' Deane, the former being iu Melr bourne, whilst the latter is suffering from blood poisoning. The losses are heavy ones; still the ' Light Brigade' have some good young un's to pick from. If the weather is fine the game should draw a good crowd, as the improved play of the South has established a stronger feeling in their favor. There will be more than ordinary in terest shown iii the junior circles to-day, i owing to the meeting between the two lead- j ing junior clubs in the City and Union. If j the former club wins it will make them j comparatively s:ife f.-r the junior premier- j ship, whilst, if tiie Union achieve victory j things will reach a very interesting stage j indeed. Tiie City barely won their game j last Saturday against, the Launceston j second, who phiywl a great game The : Union have been jil: ying in line style since ; their last meeting with the City seeond, flr.d will, no doubt, put their be-t feet for v to -;ain a further ' \'':l in ~ to-day. !' ni!,a:l in Victorian circles is fraught with surprise every other week Look at such clubs as the South Melbourne and Carlton, jthe cream of footballers Jin^ their ranks, reckoned at tbe beginning of the season to be invincible. South .Melbourne, for instance, can kick 8 goals against (lee long, 11 against Carlton, yet can only draw again-t lit zroy, and receive defeat at the hands of Richmond. Carlton defeated 'easily by the South, thoroughly dressed down the Fitzroy, and theu such clubs as the Williainstovrn and Richmond thrash j them wit.h ridiculous e,a-e. W bo will be the premiers for li-»S? The question is not easily answered, the way things are carried on. Geelong. supposed to be out of it, is in it ; in fact, who is not in it is most diffi cult to solve. The Englishmen have nearly finished their Australian tour ; and during a recent interview the captain of the Englishmen has given his opinion, that 'although the Australian game possesses merit, it is not tbe equal of the Rugby,' and also, that ' he could select a team in England that would, after a month's practice, nut an Australian team through.' Well, I'm afraid that as regards the first statement, that the Britisher will have to rest satisfied with his opinion, for as to altering the game in the colonies to bis favorite idea will never be successful. Thirty years ago the Rugby game was the game.Jjut, fortunately, lar seeing men awoke to t he fact that some thing more than mere brute strength was required, and the Australian laws were adopted, and the game is now open to all, from the six-footer and 13 stone to the lithe and active eight or nine stone man. If .Mr Seddon can get a team of English men able to cope with the best colonial talent, ail 1 can say is, that there are ?thousands' in it. The game of football is the leading pastime throughout the Aus tralian colonies, and the Englishmen have great favor with the colonists— as tbe present trip as shown— and if tliey can ge* a team together, as Jlr Seddon says, then a match, or a series of matches, England v. Australia, wiil bring more grist to the mill of tbe promoters than has ever fallen to the lot of speculators, not even excepting the great successes, from a monetary point, of view, obtained by the first Australian Cricket Eleven. A 'little matter thai might be talked over bet ween our Association delegates, ere the season closes, is the cdvisableness of con ferring with the South in reference to Sending another combined to Victoria next season, aud, failing their concurrence, to try for some sort of matches, either a com bined Xorrliern team or tbe premier club of the present season, doing the honor. Let something be done this season. If it is not. seen t o at once, next, season will be 1 1 io lute, and another frost set in for the Nort hern part of the island. ' Let us be up and doing,' etc. There is one matter that, 1 have been going to refer to for weeks past, but it has slipped my memory, and that is the annoy ance caused to players by the dogs that are allowed to roam about the ground week after week. 1 1 is a wonder that some acci dent has not happened before this through dogs getting mixed up with the players, and the secretary of the Association should take more stringent measures to have this nuisance remedied. I am sure the matter on'.y wants drawing attention to in order to be r.-i-.titied. 