fb® •prit^ oTthe year 18—with my old fnœd «là RChoolfellow, Hart y Temple, «m <^ dep«rtare for Ohio«, at bis fathers Loase in Berkshire—a queer old r«ùbling aort of pl*œ, *hicb had boen^in the family of many generations. U>e^Ss mi far too ch«?rfaMooking Inside to be trout led by ghost«, never theless there was a legend to the effect that it had ohôè had a mysterious and unaccountable, if not gboetly, visitant. It appears that a traut the middle cf the last century, Oak hurst (the name OÍ dié 'Temples' house) was owned and inhabited by a certain Geoffrey Temple and his sister Lucy. They were both unmarried, and devoted to each other, but owing to Geoffrey having engaged in some disastrous speculation, money became Scarce, and he accepted an appointment in India, in the hope of recruiting his shattered fortunes. On the eve of his departure they each took a solemn vow that whoever died first should appear to the other at the very hour and moment of.his or her death. It was a strange idea, but through liviûg «lone their minds had become Imbued with old and morbid fancies. Threeyeara passed away, and Lucy had heard from her brother but seldom and irregularly, for he was inanup-country station, and communication with the large seaport towns was difficult. One night aB she was sitting in lier bedroom, reading, before retiring to rest, she heard her door open, and on looking op saw her brother standing there, bnt looking wofully thin and jnle, and somewhat sad. She uttered a ay .'Bnd sprang towards him, but before" she get half across the room the door dosed ag&insoftly;, and he dis appeared. . :% ■ Six months afterwards she received a letter from a firm of solicitors in Bomhay, informing her of tbe death of her brother, of jangle fever,on the 16th Aagust, 1769, "the very day on which he appeared to her at her bedroom door. The hoar was not .given. BotTi Harry Temple and I we« firmly, convinced of the troth of thia legend ; indeed, he was always rather given toabelief in ithó supernatant), even at School, where, many a time at night, in jtfbr dormitory, Ihave listened with bated breath to fais marvelloae tales, nntil my hair has stood on end with fright. I was not therefore very much surprisedwhen, the daybefort his denature to Ghiha^e «ailed mc into his room bp I was passing, and said in a mysterions sort of manner, 'Jack, old fellow, I've been wanting to speak to you on a certain subject foi some days past, bat could never quite make up my mind to do so, as I was half afraid yoa might treat what I am about to propase with ridicule.* Here he paused and looked at meas though hesitating bow.to go on. ' Dear çld boy, if I can be of anj service to you in any way whatever, you know you've only to command me,1 I replied. 'Moreover it's not at aU likely I should treat any proposition yon make with ridicule—that is if yon are serious yourself. What is it you want me to do f 'Yon know the old legend of oar family/he continued, ' about the com pact between Geoffrey Temple and his sister t Well, I should like to make tbe same sort of compact with you, before I start. - I have no sister • even if I had î should not care to enfer into euch an agreement with her, as every woman is not possessed of such strong nerves as my fair ancestress,* glancing np at a portrait in oilsof Lacy Temple, which hang over his mantelpiece, t daresay you think me very absurd, bat somehow the fancy has got possession of me. Now yoa are the . oldest best chum I have,will yon agree to 'He compact! Yoa need not go into any explanation^ dear boy, as I have heard the legend over and over again from yoa and others.; I under stand fully what it is. Bat why enter into sach an agreement at all ? In these dayB of steam and electricity each one can bear fast enongh of the other's death, without the necessity of making such a long journey in such a remark ably short space of time ; ' besides the discomfort of travelling without a body, and ' , 'Don't chaff, Jack,' interrupted Harry, looking very serious ; « I am teally in earnest. Do yoa consent f « Since yoa rally wish it, old fellow —I consent' Standing beneath tibe portrait of the woman who had registered a similar vow a hundred years before, Harry Temple and I clasped hands and vowed that whoever died first should appear to the other, wearing the same aspect as at the moment of his death. The following day I travelled to London with my old chum and saw him off on board the steamship Sumatra, bound ont to Hongkong. Four years bad gone by since Harry Temple's departure, and in the mean time I had married and settled down in a pretty little villa at Sutton, in Surrey. We had corresponded with tolerable regularity, and in the last letter I had from him he said be was getting rather tired of China and in tended to return to England at an early date. I bad not foigotten * tbe compact,' though I was pleased to think it was not likely tp be fulfilled, as Hany wag coming hpmis sosoon, and I liad not had a day'sillaessfor years. I hadtaken some of my neighbore into my confi dence on the subject, but I must con fess they regarfsd me as a queer sort of fellow, and ebaffbd me about ii ooca «oftaJIy, and I bave since had reason : to btdieve ^Mked -a-good deal on £he~ question amongthemselves. ~ ' '.. en?of luddenly remembered tbat I had left some important priTOte^paj^itjan. the. table intbe drawing-room. Ab I did not wish to leave them there exposed bo the prying gase of the servants when they came down In the morning J hastily donned my dressing-gown and Blippere, and went downBtairs to fetch them. V -;t V* ;; . It vas a wild and stormy night, the wind whistled and shrieked among the j leafless trees, and the r∈ cane down I in torrents. Sometimes there would be ! a lull for a few moments, and the air at those times seemed full of moaning noises ; then the gale would buret forât again with redoubled fury, and, whirl and dash the raindrops against the window-panes with such violence that I involuntarily drew back half expecting the glass to break. I palled* up the' blind and looked out into the darkness. I conld just discern a row of elms in an adjoining field ; they looked dim and weird against the leaden sky, and at every fresh gust of wind they bent and swayed and seemed to wave and toss their arms, as though in despair of being able to stand against the howling storm. I stood, I should think, about ten minutes looking out of the window, and then somehow my thoughts went back to the evening when Hairy Temple and I had entered into our strange agreement. I wondered whether such things could be, and by; what effort of will, or otherwise, a person on bis or her death , bed could appear to another thousands of miles away. As I mused thus, I fancied I heard a slight noise near the door, and turned sharply round. The door was being slowly opened, and presently the figure of a man .appeared within the entrance. My heart gave a bound, and then stood still. The fire had not qnite gone,.and by its flickering light I could see his face. It was the face of Hurry Temple. He iras deadly pale, and there was a strange half-frighlened look in his eyes, but still there was no mistaking it We stood regarding each other fixedly for a few moments, and then I gained a little courage, and stepping forward hesitatingly said, cWhy, Harry, old fellow, how did yon " Bat he held oat lus hand, as though to keep me hack, and then with s mournful gestare pointed upwards. I stood rooted to the spot. The next moment the door closed, and ] was alone. I did not dare to follow, but sank down into an easy chair by the fire. The compact was fulfilled. The spiril of my dear old chum, Harry, had ap peared to me, no doubt at the verj moment of his death, as we had agreed, How was I to break the news to hü aged father and mother f Would they believe me f Perhaps it would be better for me not to say a word on the subject, but await the arrival of the mail. Some-one would be sure to write at once to his friends notifying his de ceased. I sat and thought the matter over and over again until the fire went qnite out, and I began to shiver with the cold. I then went to bed, but it was not nntil I heard the clock ol a neighbouring church strike two that I managed to doze off. ; Xt seemed to me that I had not been to sléèp more than five minutes, when I was disturbed by a confusion ol voices and a knocking at the bedroom door. My wife was-tip and held a piece of dirty, crumpled paper in her hand, which she was looking at in a dazed sort of way. * What's the matter ? I inquired. * Oh, ' Jade !' she exclaimed, in an excited manner, ' the house has been broken into, and Sarah found this on the kitchen table when she went down. I can't make it out ; I suppose one oi the thieves left it there. I don't know what has been ta^en." I snatched the piece of crumpled paper out of her hand, and read these words, scrawled on it in lead-pencil :— ' Dear Sir,—Next time you arrange for a friend to visit you when be dies, don't talk too much about it to your neighbours. Faces can be'made up' to represent anyone, and photos «in be bought. It's no use troubling after the swag ; best to keep dark, or you'll be laughed at.' He was a facetious buiglar. On going over the house I found that plate and money to the value of £70 had been stolen. It was never traced. Nor was the thief ever caught. About a month after that eventful night Harry Temple landed in Eng land, well and hearty. He called to see me a few days after his arrival, and when I lold him of the affair was hard hearted enough to roar with laughter. * I am sorry, old fellow/ he said, ' that my foolish fancy should have been in some degree the cause of yonr Iobs ; but we must all pay for ex perience. Travelling has knocke i a lot of nonsense out of me, and I've grown wiser as I've grown older. I don't believe tbat story of my ancestor and his sister Lucy. Anyhow I think you'll agree with me- that, when I leave England again, we will not re new our compact.' It was a bit rough on me neverthe less. Senator Frye is of opinion that the action taken by Germany »in Samoa is an ontrageons insult to the United States of America. It la stated that constitutional govern ment is to be granted to Western Australia, bat tbe Imperial Government will retain control over tbe northern portion of the territory. Leqdid Gom.—Take two parts of &tun; arabio and one of brown sugar, and dissolve them in water to tbe consistency of cem. Thie TOÎï'nre «-ill be fourni far prcferabie tu thç liquid gnm sold in the shop*. „jPajKMciiiR and |)sîntîng arc best done in ccid «other, especially the latter, for th* wood absorbs-«tbeoil. of paint ranch more than in warm weatbar ; while in cold weather Jtib«fá fcinleni ontteootaide, making a coat jprotect tfre wood instead of 