CLIPPINGS. Stewed celery is recommended fay some doctors to their patieuts suffering from nervous prostration. The Czarina of Russia, in order to pass away her leisure time, is said to often make dresses for her younger children, in addition to trimming their hats. The well-known German prophooy that no member of the house of Hohenzitlorn should succeed his father ou the German throne has been disposed of by the accession of the Emperor Frederick, and now that the super stition Is destroyed, perhaps the " White Lady," who is said to be the family ghost of the fioheczollerns, will also he found to have lost her hold upon the credulity of the Ger man populaoe. Mrs. Cleveland's petB are the poodle Hector, the huge St. Bernard dog Kay, and the little Jersey heifer Gracie. The happy family are five cats—one of them entirely black, another every inch white; seven canaries, three of whom are allowed the freedom of the bedroom ; a number of white mice, two peacocks, a guineapig, nine fancy chickens, two alligators, and a fawn—the latter trio having lately arrived from Florida, The Empress of Germany is the fifth Eng lish PrinctBB who has borne that title. The previous ones were — Edgytb, daughter of Edward the Elder, wife of Otto L ; Gun hild, daughter of Canute, wife of Henry HI.; Matilda, or Maude, daughter of Henry 1.. wife of Henry V.: and Isabella, daughter of King John, wife of Frederick 11, The last named princess was an ancestress of tho lata Prince Consort, and consequently of the Em press Victoria. " Renting articles for occasions," said a Hew Folk jeweller, "is a growing feature with ub. It is hardly a regular business, but a number of ths-large houses are in it to an extent. They call it accommodating their ftiends, but they collect fees. There is a woman in that oity in the business of renting jewellery who frequently lets out from $50,000 to $75,000 worth of jewels in au evening. Who are the borrowers? MoBtly men. You would not think it. You would guess that feminine vanity was at the bottom of the business; bnt the male bird is the vainest, let me tell yon. Besides, women usually own more gems than men. The articles loaned are diamonds principally— etuds, collar- buttons, ringB, sleeve-buttODa, &g.; Men w&nc; them for receptions* wed dings, and dinners. Women borrow brace lets, and occasionally a necklace. How a magnificent necklace can be got up for $3,500 or $4 000 that the non- profesBioual observer will 'thick worth $10,000. Jewel lers, of course, do not let these valublss to people they do not know. They exact secu rity for the most expensive. Articles of vertu and bric-a-brac for adorning a room are often rented also. All of these must ba returned early the next morning." 