.. ,d>ity • Chat. • IJY XIIK FARCEUR. ." It is no uso for na to meet here auy longer. Wo disgrace ourselves, and dis graco tlio ■■ conntry." Tbeso bitter and humiliating words wero not spoken .at Foloy's boxing saloon. They were not" hoard in any low boozing den on the ''llo.csks," or tliiovos kitchen in the . slums, but thoy-wore spoken in the Assembly by tlio Premier of N.S. Wales., And-the bitv, terness of them is only equalled by cbeir truth. Step by step our Senate has been lowered until the conduct which takes place inside its walls would not be tolerated m a tap-room, and the pity of it is, that beyond momentary sjiasm of conscience, such as the Premier felt when he thundered out tho above words, nothing whatever is done to prevent a repetition of tho Bliameful scenes which have been so frequent in our As sembly of late. We are in a bad place, for it is even now as it was when Tlieognis, speaking of his own country said, " Shame bus perislied; impudence and . insolence, prevailing over justice possess the whole laud." , * * * The principal troublo is. that nothing whatever is done to prevent tho cause of the disgraceful scenes to which I now allude, and any punishment inflicted generally falls on - some usually decorous inomber, who has been Btung by insults and calumny beyond all endurance. In tlio recent turn-up the primary cause, was the foolish conduct of Mr. McElhone, who mast needs haul out the bloody shirt and designate the Government as " a mob of Orangemen. . As a matter of course, Mr. Haynes at once felt in duty bound to catch on to tho tail of the sanguinary; under-gar ment, and retort that the Opposition had the Roman Catholic party for its backbone; and when they were in full swing they looked: like an aecumenical council of green leekp waving over a wheat- field.'' In the most mendacious, maimer he thehcontinued that the Roman Catholics were, worked by the priests, the police, and persons in the Education Department in. order -to .bolster up Protection, and put down the Government This is where the brake, or the gag should have been trotted out and fixed on, the un principled .Mudgeo member,. but it would have beou still better if it had been worked half an hour before on the man from.the Upper Hunter. Everyone knows,that Mi\ Hayiies statments are utterly fals'e, and it is hard to see what the House can gain by tolerating such mendacious: absurdities; Inebriated with the exuberant falsity of his own verbosity tho man from Mudgeo went on to say that cortain. persons in New castle were wire-pulling over tho matter of decentralization, Bimply in order; to injure the Government,/and then tho fun .began. Miv Fletcher asked Mr. Haynes to name.one of-the.pullers, and Mr. Haynes replied " you are one-yourself." In the twinkling of a bed-post the sturdy old northern represen tative rushed over, caught his libeller by tho scruflt of the neck, shook him just as a bull-terrier would a rat, and then, dragging him across the"floor like a, sack of wot manure, lie dumped him on an Opposition bench with a " sickening thud " that must have loosened every bone in John's body. The usual jaw-jaw followed and finally,,Mr. Fletcher, after making a most unqualified apology, was admonished and discharged.' Mr.: Haynes now goes down on his knees and thanks heaven 77 times a day for hav ing enabled him to keep his .temper so well,1 for it is a terrible thing to have the sin of murder 011 one's, soul, and he feels sure, that if Mr. Fletcher had hauled him round 50 or .00 times moro he (Haynes) would havoirisen iii his wrath and given liim " a, good hard knock.". It is a most desirablo; thing to bo able to keep one's temper, under control—especially when you lrnppen to be tlio underneath dog in the scrimmage. ■ * ■ ■ * # During tho course of this row two. honest men—Messrs. Abigail and McElhone fell out, and, as usual in such cases, some re-; markably spicy secrets were mado public. | Mr. McElhono, for instance, remarked tbat| although he was a Roman Catholic, still lie! assisted to pay for. Mr. Orangeman Abigail's j electioneering expenses, and had secured1 the use of the Masonic Hall for him when lie (Mr. Abigail) was powerless to do bo. "\yiien it camo to, Abby's turn to play he informod the House that when Mr.' McElliono was getting ready for tho Upper Hunter tussle; lie mot Mr. Abigail and said, •" I want you to write up to your, people iu;my electorate to support mo, bceauso tho Orange party always do the work for mo for uotliing; my own ncoplo, the Roman Catholics, rob mo out of fnce Thev send mo bills 111 for eloetjoncoriug ox nouses that' almost broak my back j but tho Orange ncoplo do tlio. work for.nothing." , , ,:v; . r As one good turn deserves another, and Mac's back was not broken by his election eering bills, it; is. to bo presumed; that Mr. Abigail did write up to his chosen popple, and the Upper Hunter hero sailed in' with his orange and green colors nailed to; the mast/ Tlio sight, of a holy Roman and a leading 'Orangeman pulling together in such a friendly fashion ought to bo a sufficient guarautoe that tho millenium is at hand ; but there is just one little hitch in tho pro gramme. Mr. Abigail is undoubtedly a sincere and thorough Orangeman, but I fear Mr. Mao., like many others who prate so glibly on the matter, is only a nominal Catholic ; and I'd lay long odds lie has not kept tlio Lenton fast quite as religiously as Pope Leo. or Cardinal Moran has. , It is this messing up of religion with politics for selfish ends that is the curse of the country, and tho sooner it is cried down tho better it will bo for us all. ft . # •* As Mr. Ex-attorney General Wise has being doing tlio Penrith district this week our readers are probably sea-sick with figures:; but,, knowing Mr. Wise's ability in this matter, I would remind his admirers tliat statistics have been truly classed as a •science that enables a person to prove any thing ho pleases. Possibly the man from South Sydney lias once more fired off the well-worn old gag of Victorians flocking over to N.S. Wales, and bogging to be en SftKod on our relief works. If so I would liko, as an antidote, to quote the figures from tho Casual Labor Board's report which shows that tho 0,058 men employed on these works are classed as follows : English and Irish, 4,000, N.S. Welshman 1868, and Victorians 100 only. Where thomen classed as English and Irish born camo from is not stated, and therefore it would be interest, ling to ltuow upon what authority Mr. Wise and his tutor Sir-Honvy saddle tlio bulk of 'thorn on the Cabbage Gardon. ...» # • . » ; ' Another instance of how easily persons can bo blinded by figures is to be found in Mr. Wise's favorite boast that the value of this colony's own products exported in 1886 was greatly in excess of Victoria's; the figures being £12,884,200 for N.S.W., aud only £9,054,687 for Victoria. That's all right; but why do the Freetraders skip the fact that this was caused by our colony's superiority in the way of wool and mineral exports ? Our wool-clip was valued at £7,028,596, against Victoria's £4,886,852. The only mineral Victoria could ship was gold to the value of £886,874, while our exports of silver, copper, tin, and coal reached the nice round sum of £2,078,849, This accounts for the milk in tho cocoanut at once, and I scarcely think that even Mr. Wise- will' have front enough to tell his hearers that our coal, silver, copper, &c.;, are. the products of Freetrade, neither will lie dwell long oil. the fact that in.'86 Vic toria exported £90,221 worth of, butter and cheese against our £8,279,- and £175,778 worth of grain against our, paltry £57,956 worth. * # . * , It is quite possible also that Mr. Wise has forgotten to mention that last season a single firm in Sydney Vimpprted 80,000 bushels of maize from San -Francisco, and 100,000 bushels : more- came , from South Africa, .which was grown by Kaffirs;.who subsisted on 2d a day. That all this was brought to Sydney as ballast, and tliat a largo number of farmers in the Bathurst district are so crushed by debts that-they have had to.turn, tho gamo up altogether, and hundreds of.acres will now remain un cultivated. Only last week a poor struggling farmer oh> tliej Windburndalo Greek, near Bathurst, was sold up for rent, and at the sale 20 tons of pplendid oaten hay were sold for £4 the lot,, and afterwards cut out and sold in Bathurst at £2 10s a ton. Twenty nine :bags.: of superior wheat went for 7s a bag, and the bedding of the family—father, mother,'and eight little children was sold for half-a- crown, though this was possibly bought by a friend and given back to the homeless family. Just here is the place to sit down and talk about Land Nationalisation, and ask the men of Penrith what they intend to do about it ? The greater part of the best, land in the Bathurst district is held by men who never parted with a penny for it; but it was; seized'in the " good old days " by their rapacious forefathers, or at best, purchased by a'few gallons of distilled damnation in the shape of rum. What has happened to Bathurst has happened all oyer the.colony, but the men of the Plains have been tlie first to knock under, and unless something in the way of the Land Nationalization scheme is quickly .set, to work thousands of other families will soon find themselves in the same tight place as the unfortunate evicted farmers of Bathurst. Now let us talk about something cheery— murder,,for instance. April Fool's Day lias not quite arrived, but a party by the name of Carrol has just, succeeded in making, first class fools of the press, police, and public inj general. One night, in 1871, an attractive: young woman named Mary Jane Olouson,; living at Eltham, England, went out to meet her sweetheart, one Walter Pook, the son of a former employer of the girls, and in whose house she became cncicntc. Early next; morning the unfortunate girl was found in a hawthorn lane witn her brains battered out; and a plasterer's hammor with traces, of blood and hair on it, was found near the! spot. A metal whistle, similar to one with| which Pook used to call the girl out was found near the body ; a human hair 1\ in., long,, corresponding in appearance and! texture with that of deceased's was found on i the log of Pook's trousers, and on his shirt,i trousers, and hat spots of blood were found,; but could not be pronounced to be human.: • • ••# * ' # Things, looked extremely unsettled for Mr. Pook, and his neck stood a 100 to lj chance of getting sprained,, but his uncle, a; first-class solicitor of Greenwich, took up: the case and pulled him through with an; alibi that ho was seen at the Groenwicli Library at 7 25 p.m., and was home before 9, which, would only leave him l j hours to walk- 5 miles and do, tho deed. Further more, the whistle alluded to was found in his.pocket, and ho was let loose, but had to skip the country to save the unpleasant ceremony of lynching. After this a report got.about that a soldier had entered the house of. Mr. Bridge between 11 and 12 on tho night of the murder, and asked to bo allowed to wash some mud and blood off his clothes. This was proved to bo an idle tale, but it is somewhat strange that since then two soldiers have given themselves up to tho police as being the real murderers of the girl, and both were proved to be most unmitigated libellers of themselves. With all this before us it was little wonder that we were stood on our heads when Mr. Carroll trooped forward a few days ago, and declared that murderer will out, that his conscience forced him to own up that he was Miss Olouson's murderer, and wanted to end his misery by being hanged. Of course he was taken at his word, our papers, were crowded with letters from people who knew all about the business, the Home authorities were communicated with, and tho result of all the bother is that Carroll had been on a howling drunk, and while suffering a recovory had acknowledge being tho committer of a murder with which he could not possibly have, had the least con nection. Carroll has been a soldier too, and received Borne taps on his brain pan in tho Indian war which send him off his Kadoova wlionevor he takes an extra cargo of unripe whisky on board. " Murder will out " is a saying which has got a name for itsolf under false pretences, for there are thousands of murders which are not yet avenged, and in this world never will be. Tho days of " spooks," liko Fisher's Oamp belltown Ghost have gone, and modern con science is a thing too tough to be upset by. such a trifling thing as murder. * # * .. "Honest" John Sutherland' has been propeysing at Juneo, and judging from the cheory tone of his remarks, I should say that the brand of ginger beer is particularly good up Junee way. Amongst othere glow ing prospects be declared that " Mixed trains would run as fast as passenger when lie had changed the axles on all the trucks running. They would carry fifteen ton', and run forty miles an hour if possible. When that was done produce would go on the lines at half the present rates, and with a profit to the State,) After which he took some more cordial, and gaily sang," all these things will happen I'll bet you a crown, when Junee- bccomes a sea-port town—and Juneedn't forget it, either." Not content with this, however, "Honest" John has also determined to wipe our big deficit out in one swish, and for this patriotic purpose he lias' issued a circular saying that the sinfully lavish sum of 5b a week, hitherto allowed to fettlers, Wives and children, and the like, for acting as gatekeepers is to be knocked off, and these cormorants who have so long fattened on the.State wiU.be required to do the work in future for nothing, a week and find tlaem slves. This , highly commendablo spirit of retrenchment is quite on a. level with that which compels poor little children to sit and shiver in fireless Bchools all through the depth of winter. After two or three fear ful accidents have happened through the excurable carelessness of our' now gate keepers.and wo have paid over £500,000 or so;, in compensation money we may find time and cash enough- to erect mud statues of all the members of the good Government in return for the plienomohal manner in which they saved the country. 