V "THE CHURCH." , As wonderful promises are claimed for " the Church." The question arises — What is the Church ? There is no manner of doubt, that wonderful privileges, and great and precious promises, are made . to the Church in the Bible ; but of course a man who wishes to claim anything promised, must make out that he is the person to whom the promise is made, or it is of no value to him. In looking over the Word of God, which makes the promise to the Church, and declares what the Church is, we find that the original word, which is properly translated Church, ha different meanings. In the 7 th chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, we find it applied to an assembly of the Jewish people, and the very assembly that stoned the first martyr of Jesus. In the 19th of Acts it means a multitude of men, women, and children gathered from the good and bad, from Jews , and Gentiles, who persecuted Paul, because he said, that they were no gods that were made with hands. In another place,, it means an assembly of believers in one city or country, as at Corinth, at Thes- salonica, at Epbesus, at Laodicea, or at Colosse. We find it to mean the general assembly of God's people, living and dead; of whom Christ is declared to be the head, and /not the Pope of Rome. Most commonly we find the word to mean a multitude of people gathered out of the. rest of the world to worship God in Christ, according to the , Gospel. In no part of the Scriptures does the word ever mean the only thing which it ought to mean, to support the pretensions of the Papacy and the Puseyites,— it never means the . Pope; it never means the general councils ; it never means the cardinals ; it never means the priests : neither rtheir names nor their offices . ever occur in the New Testament. But suppose for a moment, in order 'to remove every ground of objection ; sup pose the Church did anywhere mean the "clergy. Well, that does not, mean any one of the clergy, though he might , call himself the Pope of Rome. It cannot mean three hundred of the clergy— the average number of the councils. It must mean all the clergy, all over the world, or it means nothing at all. Nor is it the clergy of any particular Church that it could mean, such as the Ohurch of Rome, or the Church of England ; for that would be to listen to a particular, instead of to the catholic or universal Church. If the word Catholic has any meaning, it must comprise all the particular Churches. Any man, who is a member of any Ohurch that is Christ's, is a member of the Catholic Church, which iB composed of them all. Suppose then any one wishes to have the voice of infallibility, how can he consult all the members of all the particular Churches in the world? How is he to understand their different ; languages? How is he to bring them together to decide upon the question ? How is he to find their doctrine, , if he departB from the faith which God has , given him in the Bible ? Moreover, all the promises in the Word of God . are made, to, the communion of saints; who : are invisible, as such, to the naked eye: of iman. Known unto God are they. They cannot be distinguished from the hypooriteby the eyes .of their fellows. How then shall the perplexed inquirer find the voice of infallibility? How shall the perverse 'disputants: .settle their differences ? .; How can, any one separate; i the tares and the wheat,- before - the. harvest? This has been felt to be, a difficulty, and, attempts have been.made to meet 'it. Cardinal Bellarmine. says, " O, I will settle it for you, the church . has notes :" —"I will, give you fifteen .of these notes,; which , distinguish her from -, all the Churches in the world." What are they? The strongest, the clearest, the best you have? "The nam e Catholic is one,"- he says. , The name Catholic ! " Who .gave you that name ?" Show your title to it,- by giving us the : Catholic doctrine- Prove- it, by not. introducing;; 'the novoltieB of .your, new : creed. . And again; we Are .considering, about .; the' thing, and are we to be put off by a name ? If things go by names, the Pope and his religion get other and very bad names. On this principle, all Europe would be barbarian, for the Celestial Emperor chooses to call it so. " O, but we have Antiquity," he says. Well, error is as old as truth! The Jewish religion is older than the Roman is, and we can show by the clearest proofs that the latter is new and not true. We must settle this question by truth, aud not by antiquity. " O, but we are the multitude, we are a great number ; you are a small body ! " Well, we know what the Saviour says, that.they who are the moBt numerous are the most likely to be found on the broad road that leads .to destruction, while of the narrow, way that leads to eternal life, He says, that " few there be that find it." We cannot settle this question on the ground of numbers. There are manifold more heathens in the world than there are Romanists; the Church of Rome is but a small fraction of the family of man. If numbers are to be the proof of truth, she cannot prove it even bo. " O, but," says the Cardinal " we have unity, — the unity of the Church, — and you are . all divided." There are two kinds of unity. There is a unity in the truth, , and that we all love, — " the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace." And there is a unity which accepts lip-service to a creed : enforced by a tyrant, a union which is based on the ruius of reason, and liberty, and truth. This is not God's union. . "O, but," he sayB, ."we have sanctity of dootrine" We are the holy Catholic: Church. Aye,; ao you call yourselves,— but history, puts " un " before the adjec tive.-. - But;:then, -there, is "the <confession ,of advei'saries."'. j This is worth all the notes together ?) What , becomes then of the oath of our gracious Queen, when the crown- of England: 'first rested on her brow, i in - .the . midst of her councillors, andi ministers, and bishops ; and Bhe swore that , the / -sacrifice of the mass and the invocation of saints, as practised by the Church of Rome, were superstitious and idolatrous? What a pity. Cardinal Bellarmine , had not read the Heidelberg Catechism, the ' Westminster Confession of Faith, . the Thirty- nine Articles, or the Rubric in the Liturgy, charging the wor ship of the wafer in the Church of Rome with "idolatry, to be abhorred of all faithful Christians ! " Then we fall back on the Pope > When we look for his authority, he says it is in the Bible— it is in tradition. When we come to examine, " O no," he says, " you must not use your own judgment,: if you do not agree with me, you differ on pain of eternal damnation." Is it not trifling with common sense, and with the liberties and reason of the world ? But we must look at these- texts by Scripture. There is first, the 16th chapter: of Matthew, and the 18th verse : s " Thou art Peter, and upon this rock l will build my Ohurch ;,and the gates of hell shall not- prevail against it." Now there is nothing about the Pope : in this text ; not a word about the cardinals; not a word about the general councils. There is no pro mise of infallibility in the text ; and no promise of infallibility to any man or any Church in; any text in the Bible. There is a promise of preservation. If I tell a man I will preserve his life, it is a very different thing : from telling him that I will keep'him from ever making a mistake in his: judgment. There is a promise of preservation to the Christian Church, but no- promise . of infallibility to any. There is no;. i mention-/ at all of the Romish Church:— nothing at all about her in the text, v Another , text ; is Matthew xxviii, 19, 20.: in which Christ says to the apostle- "Go ye, therefore,- and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, 1 and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; teaching them , to observe all things, whatsoever I have commanded you : and lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." Nothing about the > Pope there ; no council-; no cardinal. : There is . nothing, about the Ohurch of Rome- iin it. i There is no promise of infallibility in it; "Go ye, and preach my Gospel; and do whatsoever I command; and if yoii'do, I . am with you." That is to : say, > Christ , is with1 every messenger > that preaches His Gospel, and teaches men, as, he goesjiito observe all things that : Christ has i commanded. If there were a promise; of infallibility, to all who taught and baptized,-.it would prove that monks, nuns,- r l'riarsj .priests;1 and nurses; are all infallible ; for : they ; are i allowed; .to bap tise .iniithe Romish' Church; ! It proves: , too much, and "therefore it proves nothing. ; to:the;purpose. A i The dthijchapter c off the epistle'to the! Ephesians, 8th, 11th, and the 12th verses, is the last text we will quote : " When he ascended up on high, he led captivity captive, and gave gifts unto men And he gave some, apostles ; and some, prophets ; and some, evangelists ; aud some, pastors and teachers ; for the per fecting of the saints, lor the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ." It is one of the strangest things, that, when the inspired Apostle is enumerating pastors, teachers, evan gelists, and prophets — the officers of the Church of Jesus — he says not a word about the Pope, nor the cardinals, the priests, nor the general councils ! There is one text more which we were near forgetting. It is I. Timothy, iii. 15, " That thou may est know," says St. Paul to Timothy; " how thou oughtest to behave thyself in the house of God, which is the Church of the living God, the pillar and ground of the truth." Here is not a word about the Pope, the cardinals, nor the councils ; there is no promise of infallibility, nor any promise at all. There is a statement made concerning the Church, that she is the pillar and ground of the truth ; that is, the pillar on which the truth of God is held forth to the eyes of men. She holds out the truth, she does not smother it, as the Ohurch of Rome does. It is an attribute of the Church; of which Christ says elsewhere, that she is the salt of the earth — the light of the world. This pass age tells us what the true Church of God is, not what any particular Church, much less the Ohurch of Rome shall be. It is a declaration of the character and nature of the True Church of Christ. 