Premature Burial. A Singular Case Which Occurred in Paris. Another case of Premature burial worthy of being analysed in the realistic manner of Zola has occurred in Fiance. An elderly woman wbo lived at an Old World place called St. Onen La Bouerie recentlv fell ill and, as ber friends thought, died. The funeral took place, and as the grave digger wss preparing to lower the coffin into the earth he heard moans issuing from inside tbe lugubrious four boarjsinclosingthe pnanmed corpse. Then followed a scene which was an exact counterpart of what occurred about twelve months ago in another rural part of Fiance. The grave digger, half frightened of the probable ghost which his imagination conjured up and partly awed by tbt requirements enacted by the law in circumstances such as those in which he found himself placed, left tbe coffin in the care of the mourners and went off with his somber story to ML le Maine. Thnt rural dignitary, having iuly donned bis scarf of office and summoned the village doctor, proceeded to the local "Gods acre." The coffin was opened, and it was discovered thatthe woman had just died from fright, having awakened from a trance to find bereelf hemmed in between the terrible deal planks. When horrible .scenes like tbis are repeated it is time for the authorities and public at large to take into consideration the invention of tbe ingenious undertaker who has adopted as bis motto, "Kb more premature "burials." Tbis prwtical person offers to supply to all cases ofdonbtful death an apparatus by means of which those who may have had the" misfortnne to be buried alive may not only •inhafe fresh sir on their awakening, but also communicate by signal with the world which has left them for dead. Ifefi. P. Xfeddevftch has recently died at Lorki, in the Kovogrudsky District. suddenly, as, about a quarts .„ ^ b e w r o t e . p ^ ^ ^ J - ; The Chinese are entering the English works are sufficienttoencourage this. There were 00,636 births in Paris last year. Tbere were 67,092 deaths during !tte we I ćredlt the bet that ^ 