TU&F; GOSSIP. Bt Adgob. . By declaring the weights for the Standish Handicap and Bagot Handicap on Monday, Mr. Barnard provided a certain amount of food for discussion among those who frequent sporting centres. .Numerically the nomina tions fortheae events were not so good as they ought to have beat, bat the quality of many of the horses engaged is excellent That | Malna had not lost his pace be clearljr testi fied in the Melbpnrne £np, in which be showed in front as they ran along the back stretch, and. Mr. Barnard. evidently is of this opinion, or be would not have placed him at the tdp df tlhtftree with 9sit filb. This is his lucky impost, 'for with it Be won the Mel bonrne~J^ji apil/Australian Cup. I don't know that pace is Tradition's forte, and' scarcely expect to see him accept at 9st 71b. Ben Boltls performance in the mile race at Randwick has not been effaced from the memory of the handicapper, or he wonld not have placed him at 9st 71b., and Bravo showed so much speed in all of his spring performances that he was justified in allotting him 9st. 61b. Chicago and Pakeha, by recent doings, have well earned their al lotments, and so has Newmaster. Remns, Enfilade, and Bothwell are all handicapped opon form, and so is that arch- deceiver Wbakawai, who gave his snpporters at the late meeting such a nasty knock. Dividend is a good norse over the distance, and I do not see how Mr. Barnard conld have let him off lighter, and if Dufferin were the horse he was, 8at 71b. wonld not be an ounce too much for him. It is reassuring to see the name ot Lonsdale once more in the list, as it leads one to hope that he will race again. So excellent a colt is not harshly treated at 8st 71b., and Mr. Cook's beautifnl little filly The Charmer ran so well in the Free Handicap that her portion- could hardly be less than 8st 61b. 1 should like Lady Betty, too, at the- same weight if she were in her two-year-old form. Don Giovan is the mysterious animal who was expected to do something extraordinary when he was in Joe Morrison's stable, but he didn't, and since he changed-bis quarters to Dowling Forest he has not appeared in public, the can Be, I believe, being a tendency to go lame in one of his Bind legs. - Mara has been a really good performer this spring, but six furlongs is hardly far enough for her, though the shorter tbeoosrse the better Lord Allen and Bot wonld like it Sumatra, The For saken, and Totubillon also hare 8ateacb, and then follows -Gladstone 7st. 121b., a nice freight for so speedy a colt; but I likeLaodo better at 7at 1Kb. Thunderbolt, Aldival, loch, and Lord Headington are handicapped up to their beaf form in Victoria, and Silver ton, a very nioe eon of The Assyrian, is not crushed at 7at HHP. Nor is Wyvis, for more than ones he has displayed form or a rather brilliant character,, Talcoon, Vermont, and Epicureqn.are allgood over six furlongs, and so is Fishwife. Without going further down the list I shall,affect Lando, Gladstone, The Charmer,-Dividend," Wyvis, Lord Allen, Boz, Ishmael, True, .kha Chetwynd as the half fccote from which the placed horseB are likely to come. ., ,. Onlr 29 horles kte engaged in the Begot Hhridtcap, but this number includes the flower of out Victorian horses. Mentor has his full complement in lOst lib., for be it remembered-that he is only a four year old, and Commotion, when he was older, only re ceived that weight It wonld, indeed, be a severe task to set him to carry such a weight, and with ths Champion Stakes and other gdodraoesintheautomn it was notatall likely that Mr. Wallace would call upon his crack four year old - to come forth on New Year's Day; in fact, directly be jssw the' weights, Mr. Wallace scratched his horse. Mr. Barnard has made a difference of 81b. between Cyclops and Mentor, and here he may be right, tor at this difference they ran a dead heat in the Boyal-park Stakes, but if each had 31U lew perhaps it would have been all the better. M i&gara; gets quite as much as he is entitled to in 9at 6ib., and Malua is handicapped at the same weight In the V.R.C. Handicap Bravo won with 9st, npon his back; The Yeoman (Sst.Jwassecond, Chicago (8st 101b.) third. Enfilade had 9at, so that they were all pretty heavily handi capped. Now Bravo has 51b. more, The Yeoman 21b. less, Chicago 31b. less, and En filade 41b. less, which looks to me like good handicapping. The distance now is a furlong shorter, which will suit one as much as the other, and I expect to seeoneof this quartette win. They are all good weight-carriers, and so is Tradition, who is weighted at 9st, his performance in the Melbourne Stakes not being forgotten by the bandicapper. It would be unwisa I think, to bustle the big son of Richmond, and I hope to see bis owners reserve him for a later occasion. Ben Bolt iB not harshly used at 8at 111b., even though he did not perform well at the late meeting, and Theorist at 8st 71 b. wonld have a show if be were as well as when he won at Rand wick, though upon that occasion there was one at least in the race who should have troubled him if in its best form. Recall at 8sk Clb. is not badly used, aud Pakeha, New master, and Remus seem to be well handi capped, though perhaps the distance is too far for Pakeiia. If Whakawai is anything approaching the borse he was supposed to; be he onght to have a chance with 8st 31b. His new custodian has a good trial horse in Chicago, and if he can beat the latter at even weights then be should be hard to beat. Of those lower down the list I like nothing better than Leroy and Ilex, but if I had to select eight to fill the places I should choose Malua, Bravo, The Yeoman, Enfilade, Chicago, Theorist, and Whakawai. If any evidence were wanting to prove that racing is being overdone it would be only necessary to point to the Suburban Handicap, to be run at the Wyndham meeting to-day. The club gives 300 sova, yet only nine horses are left in, and probably this nnmber will be i reduced before the horses go to the post. This is hardly encouraging for a club to in crease its stakes. Possibly the presence of Mara at 7at 81b. (including a 101b. penalty) has had something to do with the withdrawal of several horses. I don't know who was re sponsible for having the weights declared before the V.R.C. meeting, but whoever it was committed a blunder which should not be repeated next year. Had the handicap not been published until the conclusion of the meeting at Flemington, probably fonr or five other horses would have remained in, and a respectable field would have been the result Mara, who has proved such a good filly, carried 6sk 81b., and won the Hotbam Handicap in the com monest of canters; then, with 7st 31b. npon her back, she ran for the Williamstown Cup, lost a dozen lengths at the start, but gra dually caught her horses, and won. Now she has 7st 81b., and if she be herself she onghtto win again. Mares, however, are kittle cattle, especially at this time of year, and she may not have retained her form. Re call, who heads the list at 8st. 121b., is a real good horse over such a course as a mile and a distance, and if he will but try he will probably prove one of Mara's most .for midable opponents. Scobie has St Louis and Teuton engaged, the former at Sat 81b., and the latter at8st2lb.,and the better of the two may ran into a place. After Julian Gray's recent running I' don't fancy him at 7st 121b. ; but if Fishwife can stay the dis tance she might have a show. The Victim ought to be held safe by Touibillon and Nectarine, but public form points to Mana, and if she is to be beaten it may be by Tourbillon, Recall, or Nectarine. For the Trial Stakes I think the places will be filled bv G'Naboo, Richelieu, and Juno. The I Selling Handicap may go to Julian Grat, | Iona, or Cat's Ete. The places in the Hurdle Race may be filled by Revenge, Quilt, and Landseeb. There will be a fair field for the | Flying Handicap, for which I like Carnival, Hegira, and Wivis; and True. Wyvis, or Ishhael ought to win the Spring Handicap. Notwithstanding the strong counter-attrac tion at the M.C.C. ground, Mr. Cox had a very good attendance at Moonee Valley on Saturday last, and as the winner of the Sell ing Race was in to be sold for nil, and realised the nice little price of £160, the pecuniary result must have been highly satisfactory. Radoo, who won the Two year-old Race, is as smart a youngster as ever Mr. Septimus Miller owned, and the ridiculously easy manner in which he fairly romped away from his opponents astonished even his owner, who had been some what disappointed by a late trial, though previous to the Maribyrnong Plate he considered feim good enough to run the five furlongs in lmin. Ssec. On Satur day his boy could not hold him slow enough to the others, and if he don't win a big race some day then he is not the colt I take him to be. He is not by any means a grand colt, but he possesses a gift of going in a remarkable degree, and so far as breeding goes, he cannot be Burp&Bsed;, inasmuch as he is by the imported horse BraB de Fer from Maynna, by Irish King from Maid of AveneL Jettison, who ran second, is a nseful colt, and so is The King, who was third, but] neither had the ghost of a chance with the winner. The best of the horses nominated ] for the Corinthian Handicap were scratched, and the public seemed to think it good] business to lay odds on Fair Saxon, but Mr. Hatton, who rode him, made - the mistake of allowing Mr. J. A. Lang to slip away from him and beat him. The stewards had' the rider of Fair Saxon before them tor An explana tion, though they did nothlng mbre than tell j him that his riding was of" the injudicious | kind. The Forsaken was pSt fancied much, for the Janefield HaojBcap by her owherj tnted hi because she had dis^npoihted him upon a previous occasion, but the. public we're not to bel denied, and it must have " been gratifying to Mr. Vowles Won her win rather easily, for there is no animal whose handi cappinghaa been more cavilled at She is a rare bred ope, and when Mr. Harper sends hertd thestnd, she will prove a very''tain able addition to the select little collection be has got together. Hegira tan respectably, but Derisions exhibition was very disappoint ing. Mr. Miller is hard to beat in steeple chases, and he landed another with Mildura, who was very pluckily ridden by the "sailor boy," wno has more than once had a purler on the same animal,' Miss Merlin upset the Clarendon potin the Setting Race, ana havingbeerr purchased by Mr. Lee Lord, I suppose she 'will -go to Sydney. 6t John had no difficulty in settling the preten sions of Mistletoe and Wantega ta the November Handicap, though It was' said Mistletoe's success would have been more ac ceptable to some of his followers. with Mr. Merry, an American pressman, who is a* present inVictorta .on Exhibition business, 1 paid • visit to the St Albanawtud last week. Mr.: Merry is one ot thwtfiw Americans whom I have met thoroughly bod veraantwith the English thoroughbred and its descent. He is aswellnp intbcbreeding of the Ertgliah as the American bone, and it is . a pleasure to listen to faim when the subject.-iw thoroughbred horse. Like myself, he •*s"k4to>roiigh enthusiast, and a ramble through well-grassed paddocks con taining thoroughbred mares and foals is one of the things he has a fancy lor. Khowing what a drought we had experienced this season, it mast have astonished Mr. Merry, as it did me, to see several paddocks luxuriantly clothed with English and prairie grass waving likh fields of corn. Mr. Crozier will have a very grand lot of yearling colts to present to the racing men of Australia this season, and not toe least imposing of the lot is the half brother to this year's Melbourne Cup winner Mentor. This son of St Albans and Nightmare is certain to create a little sensatioh when he enters the ring, toe fact of bis relationship to Mr. Wallace's colt lieiug one of the reasons why he should create keen competition. He is, moreover, a well- shaped strongly-built youngster, with a good deal of the St Albans character about him. Perhaps the gentleman of the whole party iB Blink Bonny's full brother, a chestnut with all the quality of his celebrated sister, and the power and substance of toe St Albans family. I still like as well as anything the colt by St Albans from Curlew, by The Marquis from Sylvia. Malua's brother im proves apace, and ii is a pleasure to see him move when Mr. Crozier sends them off for a gallop. A couple of sons of First King are built so much after toe style of their father that they are sure to gallop, and among the fiilies I doubt if the stnd has ever produced two such fine members of the weaker eex as the daughters of St Albans and Maid of all Work and Ziliah. In the last season of St Albans I think Mr. Crozier pretty well confined the. son of Blair Athol to Mr. John Field's mares, and, remembering how successful the union had. been in previous years, I think he was right. Malua's brother is very like toe distinguished horse whose tori career has been so brilliant The colour, white snip on the nose, and marking on the face are all reproduced, as well as the two white hind feet The Robinson Crusoe, Newminster, and First King foals are very promising, and as the former has been judiciously mated I shall not be surprised to see him represented by one as good as Navi gator or Trident in bis first season at St Albans. Mr. James Red fear a has a grand colt foal by First King from The Plunger's dam, but he has a crooked foreleg, which I'm afraid will never get straight, though once I entertained hopes. The mares at the time of my visit were all in splendid condition, and reflected great credit upon Griffiths. Nightmare, the dam of the Cup winner Mentor, never had a finer foal than she has this year, and toe old mare her self is in rare form. The stallions were led out tor inspection, and I quite agreed with my American iriend, that one of the moBt stylish horses in this or any other country was My Lord, who only requires to arrive at stallion estate to be as gentlemanly-looking a thoroughbred as ever trod turf. Robinson Crusoe, First King, and Newminster were all in great heart at the time of our visit, and as they have been treated very sparingly with mares the proprietor is sure to reap the benefit, seeing that the most successful sires, as a rale, are too3e who have but few mares. Two-year-olds owned in Victoria ought to have a show of winning toe Normanhy Stake>, to be run at Fiemington on New Tear's Day, tor toe simple reason that the best of the New Sooth Wales and New Zea land division are not engaged. Necklet, Rudolph, And Sinecure are not in toe list, and I doubt if Mr. W. Long lias a good one amongst the five in his name. Mr. Samuel Gardiner has no less than 10 in his name.and by the commencement of the New Year one at least of these ought to be in something like racing condition, I am rather curious to see a two-year-old by Suwarrow in proper racing form, because I believe toe grey son of Snowden will some day be repre sented by a real clinker. Savanak, who is in J. Scobie's stable,- is one of toe most im proving among all of the Victorian two year oldsL He was growing fast in the spring, and that is the reason why he couldn't stay, but when he settles down I think he will get any distance. Of Mr. Sylvester Browne s tour Hortense's brother Carrington has'proved the best, and is likely to continue so until next year, when one of the others may turn the tables. Mr. E. G. Brodribb has three pretty smart youngsters in Prince Consort, who ran fourth iu the Maribyrnong Plate, Priam, and Britomarte, of whom the first-named is the best performer. A Victorian- bred colt which seems to me to be the best of all en gaged is Itadoo, who won bo easily atMoonee Valley on Saturday. He failed at Fiemington because he was fractious at die post, and al ways lost ground when the word was given, but this is not likely to occur again, as the racing he has had has improved his temper. Montalto will have a penalty, and it is just likely that we may not see the best of this filly again until the autnmn. A colt whom I expect to see improve consider ably is The King, who ran third to Radoo. He only requires a little time, and St. Ives and Rokeby are colts that We have yet to see toe best of. Copenhagen, too, should be heard of before toe close ot the season ; so should Lady Agnes. Glancing over the list of entries for toe Ascot-vale Stakes I notice the name of Necklet therein, but she has in curred a penalty of 1Mb., and is not, there fore, dangerous ; but Rudolph, having won only a handicap, has nothing extra to put up —iu fact he has the geldingb allowance, and &s; the distance is six forlonaa, I think he is almost certain to win. pfonabd' lie does not incur a penalty in the meantime. In ad dition to the son of Rusk, Mr. White has eight others engaged, including Dreadnought, Dentnan, and Singapore, three as fine lookiog colts as any one man need wish to possess, Merriment, a very smart youngster, is another Hew Sooth Wales colt from whom we may apprehend danger, and it is just possible that Mr. 0. G. Stead, Mr. E. Mitchelson, or Mr. T. Morrin may be repre sented in this particular race. Mr. Stead has Scots Grey, by Musket from Haldol Athol, Retina, by Apremont from Iris, and. Rose Argent, by Musket fromlRosette, tn hie name, ana the best of this trio may be heard of in connection with our autumn meeting. Mr. Morrin'e two are Cissy, by Musket from Frailty, aid Bustle, by-Musket from Crino line. Chsy Is a full sister to Trenton, and if as good as bCr brother, bee present owner can rest assured thatshe mill command a good price if submitted to auction.? The prices mud bp Australians for' the New Zealanders Trenton, Carbine, Silver-Prince, and Enfilade are ilbelr tD attract ewoers oi gaod horses from the south,' tor wehn tbey know that if they should prove successful in abig race toey can command a big figure tor them. - / Carbine's absence tromeoe list affit Lege* entries makes him, Itomh,» dear colt it ia just possible. too, thatone of hishockesnay give trouble, but that *e1s * iomway the best three-year-old mi haratMW ifef pear l don't think there ia ther fcUfhtretdohbh Some wood judges aver that he Is ihe*beet ol a bdd- lot, etoicb is-vsfaife pnOiihlie''Wt I shall never forget hbw be -ewhthered - toe feww> pear* old* £ far Ayeed* «t«r. be met thetn, and if bis bocks do not trouble ; hitn his owner ought to get some of bis par-1 chase money back at the autumn meeting.. | Sandhurst, the Forest C;ty, will be tbe i attraction for Victorian racing men next! week, for on Wednesday and Thursday next j tbe annual meeting oi the Bendizo Jockey j C4nb will u>ke place, bandho ret in tbe» springtime is a city well worth Timing, if j only to see tbe glorious avenues of English i elms and Australian blaegume, which hare! beautified the city so much that an absentee j of 20 yars would scarcely recognise the j place. 1 remember the time when the city | was not a thing of beaucy, bat now ail is j changed for the better, and if only to see what can be bone in the way of improving a ciiy, I woo id recommend some oi tbe re-! preventatives of oar municipal institutions to > visit Sandhurst next week. They woatd j learn something, and could combine business ! with pleasure by spending an afternoon on i the Epsom coarse. In the Telegraph Stakes j that nsefnl old slave, Mercury, beads the ■ list at fist., and he is each a smart old ; fellow that it his owner start bim he will give i a good account o! himself. As Toorb.iion ' may be reserved for the Sandhurst Cap, Is think if anything is to beat the top weight it ' may be Asiia, mahegcr, or Fiahe. Ruby f has quite as mach as she is entitled to in tbe I llordle Race, bat her owner may consider it 1 yood enough to start her in the small field. I fancy, however, that I .vac eat, Oceas, and Artichoke will fill tbe piaces. There is! nothing approaching first-class in tbe Sand- t burst Cap, Stanley being tbe best of them, j and even thoogb he has Set- J would pre.'er > bim to anything elae it he were himself, j Vermont reads well enough at 8it, and in each a field Boa is not harshly used at tbe j same weight. Mistletoe ran so indifferently at j Moonee Valley thst I cannot fancy her, and j would much prefer Tourbillon at a couple o: j pounds less. If Morok be anything like; the horse he was when be ran so weil j in the Hawkesbury Handicap, he ought' to have a show for tbe Sandhurst Cup. I Joe Morrison has not baa much luck j oi late, and it is about lime he won a race, j so I shall give my vote to Mobok, and it be be beaten, it may be by Stkaight^ Shot,( I Tot'BBtLLO.v, or Master Jack. "Itae Ladies' Bracelet looks a good thing for St. Johjt or Sambol'b On tbe second day the chiet item of interest will lie tbe Becdigo Handicap, in which most of tbe horses in the Cup are also engaged, and for tbis I fancy Mobok, Straight Shot, and Master Jack. The j bteeniecbase ought to go to Mr. S. Miller j by the aid of The Ibishmas or Rest, Starfish and Cuckoo being tbe beat of the other a, and ; for tbe Epsom Handicap commend me to j Dnosios, Asita, and Wivjs, unless old j Sorcerer is in something like his old form, in j the event of which be may separate them. : Master Jack, St. Joh.v, and Little Rosa I ou-ht to tight it oat in the Spring llan- j dicap. ! Laat week I made aremnrk that Mr. Merry, I an American visitor, had mentioned with pardonable pride that the Futurity Stokes, ran at the Coney Island meeting in Septem ber, was tbe richest two year-old stake in the world. The gross value of tiie stakes was 46,425 dollars, or, reduced to English money, it woald mean over £9,200, of which the winner received 41,6*5 dollars, the second 3,660 dollars, and tbe third 1,700 dollars, but teen two year olds came to the post for this valuable stake, and Proctor Knott was the favourite at 6 to 5 against him, the next ia estimation ot the public being Anricemt and Salvator, at 4 and 5 to 1 respectively. After a slashing race with Salvator, Proctor Knott won "by a neck, and be ran the six far longs rn 1mm. 15 l-5sec. Tbe winner is a cbestnnt, by Luke Blackburn from Talla poosa, and carried Sat. Salvator, who was secood, is by the English flyer Prince Charlie. Tbe bnge stoke was made np by subscription of 25doL each, for mares served in 1885, and BOdol. each for tbe produce of such mares unless declared by July 15, 1887, starters to pay 250dol. ^additional, the Coney Island jockey Clab adding lO.OGOdol. The stoke closed on the 1st of January with 752 sub scribers. At the same meeting, in the City Handicap, Exile, by Mortemer, from Second Hand, carried 8st. 51b., and won the Twin City Handicap of one mile and a quarter in Satin. 8sec. When the committee of tbe Victoria Racing Club takes tbe programme for next season in hand, it sboald raise tbe Derby to 1,500 sovereigns. Excepting the Melbourne Cap, there is no rape in tbe spring programme which creates so much Interest amongst tbe general 'public, and it ought to be placed npon a higher footing as than Maribymong Plate. Another race in tbe spring pro gramme which ought to be increased in value is tbe Canterbury Plate, which is not nearly so rich as tbe three-mile race ran at the A. J.C spring meeting. Why not raise it to 600 sovs., and give tbe second 100, and tbe third 50 eovs. out of tbe stake 1 It is worth it, it only to see three sncb horses as Mentor, Cyclops, and The Australian Peer run for it. Then, again, tbe Free Handicap ought to be doubled in value. With so many rich stakes to be won at onr suburban meetings, owners don't care to start for tiiis race now, because tbe winner generally receives " pepper " from tbe bandi capper, and as 60 sots, are taken out of tbe stake for second and, third horses, tbe first bone receives only 140 sovs. from tbe clab. At tbe late meeting only nine bones started for this particular rape, whereas, if the stake bad been doubled; there would have been a corresponding increase in the number of starters. 1 should very much like to see tbe conditions of tbe Aecot-vsle Stakes altered. The Added Money ought to be increased to 1.000 sova., and maidens should lie allowed 31b.t and horses that had never started 71b. Nobody wishes to see two year olds knocked about too rnUcb, and' if some such allowance as tbe last were made those owners who pos sessed big growing two year olds wonld be in duced to reserve tbcm for tbe autum. To my mind, by far tbe best race meeting held in Australia is thst which takes place in tbe fall of die It**, sod the more money that is ex pended upon It tbe greater will be the return trom tbe public. The most valuable presentation whip I have ever seen was that which Mr. Reynolds presented on Monday to M. O'Brien, the rider of the Melbourne Cnp winner Mentor, The gold in it made.it very-valuable, and tbe design, composed ot jockey caps, horses' heads, ttc., was aa pretty as one need wish to look at. Air. I*., b. Smith, on bebalf of tbe donor/made tbe -presentation at (be Royal Mattflotel, andtndoing'ao complimented O'Brien, opoo XbeWgh - position he bad arts toad asa focte^tt*ving ridden often for Air. fiariih be «MU wpeak from expert enseal to ^Briett'a. liaraemiiiiship. and be pointed bat Abet in no stogie instance bad be ' bed n ildcia anneoeMeriiy. Him .with /lfc Oonnid WslIsce was xiately wompayed to tbitt between pf Wttteineter.. i,heaaifl,#«» bnckedwMb wnA: e pab*ic,aad bdAipreesf datwpe Him hi islihtiire inayr -te nds other.Gnp taftbtAorfaloktedly twnsrfcr, and tefd bd •teaww ot hotte At riding a bone than in mating a speech, bat he hoped thai be woaki be able to win man? more races for so g >r»i a : sporaman as Mr. Wallace, a sentiment which : was received with a jrrest dee' oi appl&ase; from those who were present. In the absence of Mr. Donald Wallace, Mr. T. Hsrion en dorsed everything said by Mr. btnith in lavoor of O'Brien. The tossts of " Mr. Rey nolds,' ''The Ring." and "The Chairman" were afterwards proposed and crank in champagne, and after a couple of boars" plea ant intercourse the party. which com prised sporting men oi aii classes, broke up Mr. John FieM has lost his etai horse Lapidiet, who had to be destr.yei a short time ago in consequence of harir.g broken his • of foreleg in two places. Lipid s: was bred in 1670 by the late Mr. George Petty, at Maribymong. and I remember h:tn from the day that be was foaied, icr he was so strong and weil- sbaped when he ran abz-nt tbe paddocks near the Saltwcter River that he was always a favourite of mine. At the annual yearling sale at Marlbyraone Lspviist was purchased by Mr. William Fiigate for 350 guineas, and in bis name be made his j bow to the pnblic in the Martbyraong Plate, which was won by Dagmar, Lap:diet and Goldsbrongh. who also ran, taiTins to get a place. He fared no better in the Two-year oId Stakes, won by Maid of Arenel, on New ; Year's Day, bat in tbe autumn be gained his first winning bracket in the Ascot vale Stakes, Pose d'Amour being second, and Sea Spray, the dam of Savanak, third. In the Nursery ' Handicap, however, with 9it. op, Rose, d'Amonr, with 71b. less, beat bim cleveriy. | He won the V.RC. Derby at the Y.R.C. ; spring meeting of 1873, beating Monntaineer, ' Maid of Avenel, Echo, Risalie, Sea Spray, f Dagmar, Miss Milly, Rose d'Amonr, : Goldsbroogh, and .Speculation, bat in the ; Mares' Produce Stakes he hadjto pat ap a 51b. ; penalty, and was easily defeated once more ' 1/y his relative Rose d'Amonr. The only other victory accomplished by him daring the | season was in the Town ■ Plate, at the j V. R.C. aotnmn meeting, wherein he defeated J Protos, Gos'-.iwk, and six others. As a j four-year-old he gained bnt a solitary victory,' and that was in the Canterbury Stakes ran at | the V.RC, Sew Year's Day meeting, in! which he defeated Dagworth, Stockbridge, and King Tom. Daring bis career be was taken to Sydney to run for one of tbe races for which be bad been entered, but Mr. Fil gate having been placed in the forfeit list be cause he relosed to pay a forfeit for a race tbe date of running for which bad been altered, the stewards oil tbe A. J.C. refused to allow him to start After his racing bad ended Mr. Johnstone, of Echoes, purchased him as a stud horse, bat he was not very successful, tfaeogh while in his possession be begot that wonderful little mare Ruby, who has made her name so famous by winning tbe Grand National and other steeplechases. Nor was he any more successful in Mr. John Field's etod, where he bad as good a lot of mares as cou d be found in any etnd, bat his daughters from tbe Field mares are likely to torn oat well, as it is in the female line that the Joliet family has proved most successful. The annual meeting of the members el the BalLrat Miners' Race Cfub was held last week, and tbe balance-sheet was in every way satisfactory, the receipts having been £2.493 2s. 6d- Daring the year £1,<80 had been spent on improvements, and £1,578 had been paid in stakes. The report congratu lated the club upon the appointment of Mr. Robert Moffatt as secretary, who bad given i every satisfaction since he bad assumed tbe reins. Tbe following stewards were elected : —Dra. Ochiltree and Scott, and Messrs. D. Brophy, J. M'Phail, J. Coghlan, A. Taylor,! Crabbe, Pardee, T. Dowling, B. Dowline,; R. Hager, J. Cahir, E. Swifte. * AJlander. Blight, NewtomFitzgerald,Balbaasen,Foley, and Downie. They.say that in the multi plicity ofjoouneel there is wisdom, bat Idon't think the aphorism washes in racing matters. The Victoria Racing Club can get on with five or six stewards, bat the Ballaral Miners' Race Club has 20. I hope they will not all act, for if they do we may have an apt illus tration of tbe old English saw that "too many cooks spoil the broth." It is gratify ing, however, to find the dab in sncb a pros perous condition, mid I hope its success will have the effect of communicating a little vitality to those who preside over the Ballarat Turf Club, whoee delightful race course it is a pleasure to visit; bnt somehow or other a little " ginger" is necessary to keep tbe members up to tbe mark. While "tinder the elms" at the V.RC. spring meeting one or two of the members oi the A. J.C. committee mentioned to me that the committee of the V.RC, were talking of abolishing tbe reciprocity which bad existed between the two dabs for some years. The reason, no doubt, was the crowding of tbe members' stand, which was, of coarse, open to members of the A.J.C., as well as members of the V.RC. Judging from a telegram from Sydney this week I fancy the members of the A. J.C. committee have tore stalled tbe V.RC, for it is stated that at a meeting of the former body on Tneadayit was decided that the reciprocity which baa hitherto existed between tbe A. J.C and the V.RC with regard to members' privileges should cease, those of members oi the A. J.C. on December 31,1888, and those ofmcmbers of the V.RC. on June 30, £889. I don't see why there should be suy difference In the dates, for if the A.J.C members' privileges are cot offfo Melbourne on the 3Lst,of pe cember, they will fx deprived oltbematibe V.RC. autumn meeting, while tbe members of the V.RC. will have the courtesy ex tended to them at the A. J.C aotnmn meet ing, which takes place a month later. My own idea is that thp members of tbe two j dobs should have bad something to say in the matter before any action "was taken by, either committee. Of course it will not affect the "members of committees. They will hare their reserved seats and free loncheons all tbe same, but the members of either plub will have to take " pot lack." As! an act of courtesy, I think the matter ought to bare been discussed by the members be fore an/decisive action was taken. I'm sure Victorian visitors to Kwndwick appreciate1 tbe privileges accorded them, and there can not be thetinge of a doubt respecting the feelfqgpf the general body of the members' of the. A,J.C.. upon the .subject .Being a member of tbe fourth estate, it does not affect me in tbe slightest, for the press-box is in the members' aland, but other members of (be V.R.C will not Jike it when they find that at Hand wick they will have to stand on the lawn or -the. public stand, 'which is generally crammed. *. Attention is .directed to tlie full programme of the Taamanian Racing Club, which appears, this week. Tbe dates chosen, are February fi, 7, and 8, and on each day. there will be five events A Hurdle <Race.,of -69 sovs /beads the.list on the first: day, tand next to this js /the Triql. fctakeslof. dOaova./ one.mile..and a quarter, for burses whieh have never won an advertised race mtti toe of starting, :-Third onthe liytcotoeadUe Hobtrt Gup of 300sova, a handioap afamei mile arid * half, which'i 'hopa" iwill tattySct aeveml aaminatkma from VMbfisUJ 'ifte ftires' Produce 8takef, which trill bduoae of the tooatintertotiog racce of tbe meeting follows the Cun, ani as tne dub adds ICO sovato the j <*> sovs. given Lf owners oi fires, the, winner wili reoe;ve & very respectable stake real The Eiwicfc last iteca for the first day. ate! the tr>xl wool. stakes of 63 sors. will open the bail on the. second dir. The latter race is open only to horses owned in Tasmania tor & period of not leas tfcsn three months prior to the date of nomination. The other events are Hurdle j Race of GO sova, the Wiison Stakes of 133; sots., Selling Race oi 53 sirs., and Railway Stakes of 50 sore. The chief events on the tb:rd 'Jay are tbe Steeplechase of 133 sovs., and the T.R.C Handicap of 110 fcva. the, other items being the S'arsery Hsadscap of &j; sots., Flying Handicap of 50 sova., and j Free Handicap oi 50 e.vs. Entries for tbe Hobart Cop. VTUeon brakes, T . RC. Han dicap, and Steeplechase close at tbe V. R.C. 1 ofnce^ Melbourne. S.A.J.C. office. Adelaide, T.T.C oSce, Lvunceston. or T. R C. office, Hobart, at 4 p.m. on Thursday, January j t From the New Zealand files I notice tnat at the Canterbury Jockey Ciub meeting Mr. John Stephenson gained a couple of victories vruh his Taenia nun-bred gelding Captain Co>k. by Manuka from Toe West, the Epsom High Weight Handicap of 100 sovs., and the Ladies' Purse of ICO 60vs. bring tbe two events. One of the most successful brood mares ever imported to New Zealand is Rupee, who bad two winners at the meeting, one being Stiver mark, by Apremont, and the other .Exchange, by Chester's brother St. George. The former won the Stewards' Stake* for Mr. A. Goodman, and tbe latter the Juvenile Plate, for the Hon. William Robinson, who may pay us a visit in. the autumn. It is a remarkable fact that the three year olds filled tbe places in the New Zealand Cop. but nothing had a sbow with Sfanton. who won by five lengths in 3mm. 31|sec. The Welcome Stakes, which is the principal two-year-old race of the meeting, was won ty Mr. E. Catts's Cy nisca, by Apremoat trots Nautilus, who is nearly foil sister to Lcrline, she being by Tradncer from Waterwitcb, by Camden from Mermaid, while Lorline is by Tradncer from Mermaid. Idalia, the dam of Sir Modred, also bad a winner at the meeting, for her daughter Raveoswing, by Apreuront, was successful in the Criterion Stakes. ^ Another meeting will be held at Moonee Valley on Tuesday next, when a mixed pro gramme will be disposed of. The pony races have filled wonderfully well, there being no has than 26 in tbe Xiddrie Handicap, 28 in the Ardconnel Handicap, and 23 in the Welter Handicap. The horse races have not filled nearly so well, 14 having been nomi nated tor the Jovemle Handicap, nine /or the i Selliqg. Race, and nine for the Oatlande Handicap. It is fortunate, therefore, that j Mr. Cox has tbe Lilipnti&ns; to fall back upon. I shall not venture a prophecy Upon this occasion. Bacchus Mareb entries are not so nume rous as they ongbt to hare been, and here again the peucity may be attributed to tbe great amount of racing which a taking place just now. There are 13 in the Flying Handi cap, 9 in the Hurdle Race, 11 in the Selling Race, 10 in the Farmers' Plate, 13 in the Steeplechase, and 9 in the Summer Handi cap. Mr. William Hornby, who was one of the most active of the Williamstown Racing Ciob committee when the club was straggling ; for existence, returned from England by oue i of the Shaw, Savill, and Alison boats. Un- j fortunately, during a gale that prevailed on j the voyage he was thrown down and 6o' severely injured tnat he has bad to remain in Hobart Nominations for the Midland (Tasmania)! Racing Club Sires' Produce Stakes close on tbe 8th December. I hope Messrs. Field, BmarivSymmDBB, Agnew, and other breeders will-show their appreciation of Mr. Sydney Page's efforts by nominating for this event. Evetatoally these produce 6takes must do the stud masters of the island a deal of good, and by not nominating they will only be standing in their own light. Tbe Promised Land, who won the Cole brook Plate for Mr. C. S. Agnew in Tas mania, is by The Assyrian from Old Love, by Castle Hill from Mayflower, by Boi&rdo; from Heiress, one of tbe good old Field lines which so often appear in the pedigrees of good racehorses. Mr. John Field has always maintained that although IToto-Martyr was a comparative tailnrein Victoria, his pedigree was. made np of the particular strains of blood which would suit bis old-fashioned mares, and one mare which be prophesied would nick to bim was Pandora. Now this mare is full sister to Malua, and her first foal to Pcoto-Martyi, a filly named Hope, made her appearance in tbe Nursery Handi cap at the Colebrook meeting, and won very easily. Tbe Trial Stakes fell to Mr. J. Kearney's JHelene, by Euclid from Barbara. Mr. T. Heating's Native, who won tbe Steeplechase, is by Castle Hill from a Dutch man mare; and King Louis, the winner of the llordle Race, is by Monarque from Bnttercup. Mr. Sam Page won the last race of tbe day with Semiramis, by The Assyrian from Priucetta. General entries tor the Australian Jockey Club summer meeting close at the V.R.O. office, Mel bourne, and A.J.C. office,-Sydney, at 4 p.m. on Wednesday next. November 28. The events which have to be attended to are the Flying Handicap oi 200sovit.,six lurioiygs; Hurdle llace of 200 sova, two miles ; Selling Piste of 200 son., ode mile ; Nursery Handi cap of 200sova, five furlongs; and the A- J.C. Handicap ot 250 sova, one mile, gnfl >a quarter. -Tbe Summer Cup of 000 soym has already dosed with 72 subscribers, and the events which I have named are certain to fce well patronised, for they are likely to suit all classes of horeea A race which always fills well is the Anni versary Handicap, which is run at the sum mer meeting ot the Sydney Turf Club. The added money this year, it will be observed, is 1,000 sovereigns, and the distance one mile and three furlongs, a course which should be within the compass of most of the good han dicap horses of the day. That tbe second horse is to receive 200 sova., and the third 100 sove., shonld be an dncentive to owners to nominate, and 1 daresay a few Victorians will be tound in the list on Wednesday next, on which day the entries close at toe V. R.C. office, Melbourne, and the AJ.C. office, Sydney. • • - ■ * Oil Thursday next, entries close whir the secretuiy, Mr. J. Hause'r, for the C.unpbeU'a Creek Cup, Stewards' Parse, and Opto Handicap Trot ' At a meeting of the Benolla llnce Club pn Saturday last it was decided to hold a r&ce; meeting on New Year's Day. T . It will:beaten by our Loudon correspon dent's lefter Ihat Mr. Thomas Bayers, of Sydney,- has sent £25 to the .London A';torf« ?xih office to keep theIgrave of his father in order. Mr. Bayers,'"f Sydney, is amemberoi tbe Australian betting ting, a member of Sydney Tattcraall's ana the Victorian Club, H be is as straight in toe ring, whicb.be affects sa> his lather was in the ring which he so often-entered, then he will have no canst to blush when the winter of life comes upon him. His father w&a; that fine specimen of an Englishman Tom Ssyera, who, with one arm disabled, stood up so lone against the big American J. C. Heenan. When the brave sturdy Englishman met Heenan, Sayers was jdst on the wane, bnt though the small bone of bis right arm—"the auctioneer." with which be so often knocked down his op Donents— was disabled early in the contest, he fought on for 42 rounds, and made a draw of it The entries for the Bairnsdale Racing Club meeting, to be held on the 27th and 28th December, are fairly numerous. For the B. R.C. Handicap and Bairnsdale Gold Cup, which are the principal races, 17 and 18 respectively have been nominated. For the Railway Handicap there are 15, Hurdle Race I 7, Second Hurdle Race 8, Railway Handicap ' 15, and the Mares' Produce Stakes IE Commotion's second foal bas been born at I Kilcnany-park. Before he left FJemington / Mr. Wood's mare Alert visited the ex-cham pion, and some time ago she bad a fine foal to I him : hot the first foal of Commotion's born I in-rv,„_ | at Ktlmany-park was a bis atrong filly to Con quest on the 16th in-t Conquest is by \aga qowi un tuc iwtu , • bond (imp.) trom Flying Colours, by Dolo (imp.), and she is the dam of Trafalgar, who was very successful on the Indian turf. Her dam. Flying Colours, won the Victorian Derby for II r. George Watson in 1860. _ Mr. Pear- j son has named the foal "Turmoil. Colonel Suang Nai Siddhi has purchased from Mr. George Glasscock a very fine six year-old horse by Justice from the dam of the steeplechaser Flashlight. Since ^tbis horse arrived from Tasmania he has been admired by everybody who visited Kirks Bazaar, and it was not- until offered a high price by the King of Siam's representative that Mr. Glasscock cared to part with him, j as he had intended to make a steeplechaser of him. I A well-known form upon the Flemington racecourse for many years was that of Mr. R. W. Carrick, the jolly old Sandridge carrier of days gone by. Ilia many friends will regret, to hear that he died on Tuesday last at the | age of 67. Daring his lifetime Mr. Carrick j had sn interest in a few thoroughbreds, and : one of them was the fine-looking imported mare Sicilia, the dam of Bonnie Carlisle.. I believe Mr. T. Sampson has purchased I from Mr. (J. S. Agnew a full brother to Both well, who is said to be quite as promising as his relative. Mr. YV. E. Dak in narrowly escaped a serious accident a few days ago through his pony stumbling and falling. Oneot Mr. Dakin's feet remained in the stirrap, and he was dragged some distance before the leather broke. Fortunately he escaped without any serious injury, though he received eeveral abrasions upon bie hands and legs. At the Newcastle races on Saturday a fatal accident occurred. As the horses in the Disposal Stakes were entering the straight Accident and Lady Prix collided and fell. Waldron. the rider of Accident, bad his neck broken and died instantly, while the other jockey, Murray, was badly injured. The horses escaped with a few scratches. J The conditions of the Queensland Turf Club Sites' Produce Stakes of 1892 will he found in the advertising columns this week. The dob acts very liberally by subscribing 300 so vs., and this wilt be supplemented by a subscription of 10 so vs. each irom owners of sires. The nominator of the sire of the winner will receive lOOaova, and the owner of the second bone 10 per cent, on the gross amount ot the stake Sires will have to be nominated with Mr. - Greville Fonntney, secretary of the Q.T.G., Brisbane, (A with the secretary of the A.J.C., Sydney, by 4 p.m on j Tu-aday, December 4. Christmas Eve will be celebrated at Elsternwick-park in a becoming manner, and racing men can wish one anothet the com plimente of the season in a becoming manner. Quite a dainty dish is that which Mr. Huydon, on behalf of his dub, has placed before the torftneB of V ictoria. In the aggregate £700 will be given away, and if the racing people do not show their appredation of this liberal fare then they don't deserve to be well catered for. There are seven events, opening with a Jnvenile Stakes, of 100 aova, a handicap of fonr furlongs and a half for two-year-olds. A Hurdle Race, of 100 aova., comes next, and the dis tance for this is abont one mile five far longs and a half. Third cornea the Christ mas Handicap, of 100 so vs., five fnrlongs and a half; and then a Selling Steeplechase of 100 sovs. A Time-handicap Trot, of 100 aova, three miles, one event) ought to bring a good field together. A Selling Race, ot 100 so vs., and Elsternwick-park Handicap of 100 sova, complete a bill of fare which is worthy of the holiday time and the dob. Entries close with Mr. Haydon, at the office, Bourlre street west, at 4 p.m. on the 10th Decem ber. The attention of racing men is directed to the programme of the Adelaide licensed Victuallers' Racing Club, which appears in the advertising columns thiB week. It con tains a Hurdle Race, ot 100 sova; Christmas Handicap, of 125 sovs.; Steeplechase, ot 100 sova; and Totalisator Handicap, of 75 sova Entries close with the hon. secretary, Mr. D. Dunbire, at the HindmAiah Hotel, Adelaide, at 8 p.m on Tuesday, December 4. Full: particulars of the Victorian Club meeting, to be held on the 15th December, are published in this week's issue. Altogether 800 sovs. • will be dispensed, the . races numbering seven, and the nomination tee for each event is laov. only. Chief ontlielistetanda the Victorian Clnb Handicap, of 200aovs.,<one mile and a quarter and a distance. A Two year-old Handicap, pf 150 so vs., will give the youngsters an opportunity of earning their oats; The other items consist of a~Hncdle Race, of 100 sova.; Selling Race, of 100 sovs.; Steeplechase, of lfiOsoys,; and Flying Handi cap, of 100 sova ; jSptries dose on the 3rd December. . .. . Messrs. Cogblan and. Ctabbe will dispose ofa number of well-bred nones at Tatter sail's Bacaar, Ballarat; on Saturday, Decem ber 1. On Wednesday. December 5, Messrs. Campbell and Bobs will dispose of a draft of Mr. Joel Horwood'e Cleyekud carriage horses. The Bridgewater-pnrk stock are tumour for their good qualities, abd this last lot will, I believe, hear favourable oomparisou with any others previously submitted to auction. On Thursday, November 27, the same firm .will dispose of another draft of Sir Williain Clarke's horses, by De Foe, Young Montrose, " rrdeaux, and it they ere at good fes the they will find s very ready .sale, le Springvale Racing Club will hold a tnecttpg , op . '1 VP#d %^-3J3ooepi.bd 4, A " mixed programw jrdl.he run through, and it will be found fp thd advertising coluhma There are'three taces for horses; chief ntnongstiliein beingthe Christmas Gift of 25 aovs., one race for: galloways, ariU Hsrb for ponipi" '— ~1*'" " secretary, November! street ' . ' Boxing Dky hns been 'ichnsen by the Warr namhool Itncing (Hah /or e day's racing, the conditions or which are published this week. No leu than eight race® are in the bill and the/ consist of a Maden Plate, of 20 Hurdle Race, of 85sovs.j SelUng Pony Baw' of 20 so vs.; Boxing Day Handicap, of 35 nova Junior Stakes, of 25 sova.; Steeplechase of 40 sova.; Maiden Trot, of 15 bovs.; and Selling Stakes, of 20 sova Entries for the chief e vente close with the secretary, Mr. E. L. Helnman on the 1st December. ' The Sherwood-park proprietary have de cided to bold a meeting on the 7th December This is a case where the V.U.C. committee ought to have had the moral couraae to step in and say no, tor the 7A December is the first day of the Balla rat Turf Club Meeting. If these suburban meetings are to be allowed to snuff out such meetings as that of Ballarat, then good-bye to the county meetings. The Sherwood-park meeting could just as well be held on the C& December as the 7th. The bill includes a Hurdle Race of 75 sova., Ladies' Bracelet of 100 guineas, Selling Race of 150 sova., and three pony races. Entries close on Wednes day, December 5. Mr. Scarr has published his handicaps for Tattersall's Gup, the Carrington Stakes, and the Summer Cup. I notice the Sydney han dicapper has given Lord Hendington a much stronger dose than Mr. Barnard administered and 1 don't expect this will be palatable! He certainly is not entitled to as much weight as Honeydew, who would be a cer tainty for Tattersall's Cap if he were fit Theorist, Enfilade, and The Jewel are fairly well in, the last-named especially; but 1 should look upon Lamood and Honeydew holding everything aafe as it they were boiled provided that they come to the post fit and well, and horses are supposed tt> be handicapped according to their beat torm. Latnond carried Cat 41b., and won the Metro politan Slakes with quite 141b. in hand; he certainly could have won with 7at 41b. He is supposed to increase Bib. from Sep tember to January, and we now find Mr. Scarr fairly throwing him in at 7st. 41b. This is handicapping with a vengeance. He may not win, for the gelding may have gone off, but if ever there was an error of judg ment this is one of the most serious 1 have ever seen. In the Summer Cup Lamond is also let off lightly with 7st Sib. It seems as if Mr. Scarr had forgotten that Lamond was dead as a stone after Ensign ran him down in the mile and three-quarter race, and be wishes to give bim another chance. I like the look of Stockweli in these races, and Plutsrch, but I shall postpone a lengthened dissertation until next week. Mrs. George Watson, with all that good neBS of heart which haaever characterised her in cases of charity, is making a Btrong attempt to raise sufficient money to get the late Fred. Johnson's " widow out of her monetary difficulties. She bss suc ceeded fairly well, but still Something over £'100 is necessary, and 1 hope the good lady of our popular starter will not ask in vain from those who can afford it. Tom Corrigan and Tom Hales have given £10 and £5 respectively, but I miss the names of Scobie, O'Brien, and others from the list of jockeys who have subscribed. Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. will bold an important sate of thoroughbreda at Tatter sail's Bazaar, at 3p.m., on Monday. Among the lot to be disposed of is that very promis ing colt Ellaild, who is by Braa-de-Fer from Glycerine, the dam of Wyvis; and Flower Girl/py Braade-Fer irom Giisette, who ia a daughter of Eugenie, the dam ot Archie and JDuffecin. The speedy Carnival, The Dragon, Wantega, Heath cote, and Kouge-et-Noir are also in the list, as well at that very fine colt Strife, Marlborough, and Trenton's half brother Niagara, and Lady-in' Waiting. Two fillies by Swiveller aiy also included, and, therefore, those who wish to have a daughter of Mentor's sire can satiety themselves. Ben Bolt has changed bands, and is now, 1 believe, the property of Mr. J. L Saqui. On Monday, at Kirk's Bazaar. Messrs. Campbell and Sons will dispose of, under instructions from the executors of the late Sir \V. Hughes, 32 geldings and mares, from three to five yean old, by the thoroughbred sire Highlander, from thoroughbred and carriage mares. Amongst them is s full sister to Naming, sod s tall sister to the steeplechaser Maude. Altogether they are as fine a lot of horses as were ever bred on the Lake Albert Station. , There is to be another meeting at Danae nong on Friday next. Entries close at the Australian Hotel, Bourke-atreet, at 4 p.m. op Monday. Sciutcbisos.—'V.R.C.—Bagot Handicap—Mentor, Lord Ueadlngton. Ben Bolt. Standisb Haudioap Hortenae, Ben Bolt, Lord Headington, Sir William, liurnnnbidgee Turf Club.—All Engagemenfa-Hin. ttrel Boy, Bdlrioxer, Marnlon, Ogarita colt, Mane Stuart fiily. 