A TIFF. _It was their first serious one, for Mr. and Mrs. Desson were a warmly attached couple, on whom two years of matrimony had not .palled, nor had the effect of lessening their affection.. Yet sweetest bells will -jangle sometimes, and the chorls of the human mind get-out of tune.o Mary, the maid, began" themis chief. She could not be induced to love early rising, consequently the .breakfast was late. Mr. Dasson, who had an engagement, chafed at losing a train, and Mrs.- Dasson rebelled against the blame being laid on her. They parted in anger; hot words had 'been said, cruel reproaches uttered; the rolls and coffee left untouched; Mr. Dassgn stalking out of the house without hi' overcoat, and Mrs.'Dasson flying opstairs-to throw herself on her bed and cry stormily till her head ached and her eyes were swollen. - " What a fright' I look I" she exclaimed, when, an hour after, she rose and caught sight of her wan, tear-stained face in -the glass. " My cousins talked of calling this morning, but not for worlds would' I let them see me in this state. If I told Mary to say I am-ill, they would insist on coming uo stairs; and if they should suspect that Alfred and I have quarrelled, they would spread the news far and wide. : What shall I do?.I will go out," she finally determined. "A long walk willrelieve my head, and I should feel fit for nothing if I stayed at home. I am miserable. How could Alfred be so unkind !" - This ejaculation was followed by another burst of tears, but they flowed more quietly, and before they were wiped away, Lela Dawson came to the conclusion that she had not been so free from fault as she had declared herself. Who could be more kind in general, or more forbearing than Alfred ? And if he had spoken irritably she could not deny that her duty as a wife whs sadly ignored when she retortod in the same strain. \- But he had said-and then her bosom heaved angrily as she repeated to herself his captious speeches. If she had erred, he had been unjust; and as forMary-. Never had that culprit seen her young mistress look so stern as when she came down stairs dressed for walking; never before had Mrs. Dasson so sharply lectured her 1 One phrase the lady murmured, in faltering accents, that filled Mary with remorse.' "Your want of punctuality has caused me great unhappiness." Her voice choked by a sob, Mrs. Dasson walked quickly away, leaving her hand. maiden, to whom she was invariably kind and considerate, quite conscience stricken. The park to which Lela directed her steps was not an inviting promenade, for the gravel was sloppy with recent rain, and the shrubs half hidden by mist. - However, she persevered in pacing the most sheltered walks till good resolutions came to her aid, and she could return home in a happier frame of mind. Before doing so, however, she went to a Bon Maarche at no great distance. She had just remembered that Alfred was in want of a new pair of slippers. She would buy him the prettiest pair she could procure, and this gift should .e her peace-offering when they met in the evening. A. showily- dressed woman followed her into the department she visited, standing by her side while she made her selection, and turning over the slippers as if she were as sisting Mrs. Dasson in her choice; but when the shopmrnti chanccd to be off guard, the horrified lady saw her appropriate a pair of the most expensive ones. On seeing herself observed, she dropped her booty, and with a familiar nod walked away, sayinl, "'llt wait for you outside." But ere she reached the dooran assistant, who had wit nessed the theft, sprang forward and detained her. After a struggle she was brought back to the counter where Mrs. Dasson, terrified and disgusted, was still standing, and to the horror and dismay of the young wife, she heard herself accused as a confederate. Fortunately for her the proprietor of the emporium was quickly on the spot, and by him she was recognised as a frequent cus tomer. Appeased by his apologies, she would have paid for her purchase and departed, but when she put her hand in her pockether purse-Alfred's present on her birthday was gone. The police now made their appearance, the thief was searched, and Mrs. Das.on's purse found upon her. Satisfitd at having -regained possession of it, she made another attempt to escape from a scene which slhe rendered intolerably pain ful by the howls and protestations of the prisoner. But her evidence was require-~ ; she was the most important witness in the case, and in spite of her'absolute refusal .to prosecute, and extreme re luctance to take any part in the affair, she was compelled to yield to the requirements of the law. A cab was called, and much against her will, Mrs. Dasson was driven to the nearest police-court. It was crowded on that day; some local rejoicing had ended in a street row ; and to nany were tha rioters, so con flicting the testimony, that very faint and weary did the unwilling witness become ere the shoplifter was plnce in the dlock. The painful ordeal of giving evidence against her was over at last, and Mrs. Dasson free to depart; but as, with the aid of a policeman, she was edging her way through the throng hanging about the doors, a few words reached her that made her heartstand still. " The worst accident they've ever had on that line," one man was saying to another. ' You see it happened just as the train was full of city gents goingup to their ofimces. I did hear that there was ten dead and no enid of wounded.'" -. " Is it-is'it ture ?" gasped Mrs. Dasson to the policeman who was pilotihig her. "And ;where did it happen ' "Well, yes, mum; I'm afraid it's true enough I A collission, you know, somes wheres between-" and he named the station from which her husband- travelled--"and the next. Happened about nine-twentyr, I reckon." : - - OIhl agony thlmat it was to hearthis !-to be forced to tell herself that if her'hisband had gone earlier, as hbe intended, he would have escaped.- She'looked so ill that the policeman civilly offered to procure a cab into -which- he assisted her, asking where he should tell the cabman to drive. '?To the city," was the reply. \- Andi accordingly, thitheer sh was taken, trembling, weeping, praying; now yielding to despair, and feeling convinced that she sthould find her husband at some hospital frighltfully maimed; now hoping he had escaped injury;' but always haunted with a dread that he was amongst the killed. And they had parted in anger l She shoild never be able to express her patience and receive his pardon. Hfow should she ctidare life it he was taken froti her, or-how forgiseherself if he were amdng those Who would' linger out a miserable existence crashed, crippled? .. Biut- the cab wnais at the door of the office, and na jnhior clerk, catchiii' night of a pale, pretty face at tie twindow of the vrhicle; officioansly rushed out: to interview its owner. tr. Dasson ? ehadn't been at the oflice all day. Believed the go enor flad received ::oela fell iacehnalmbst prostrated hb this confirmatdi on her fena.': Sho contrived to give the now conimpassion?e clek hler address, and'I e h?-Ule the cabmantalrd': her t o her home as qnic klo as i u l .: - ? -:p.s.: " e The door flew- open as she tottered towards it, and Mary appeared, he apron at her eyes. "Oh, ma'am, I'm so thankful-,you've come1" the girl sobbed. "My _poor master I" She threw open the dining.room door, and there, his arms flung out on the table; his head resting on them, sat Alfred Dasson;,his hair dishevelled, his boots muddy, his clothes drenched with the rain that for the last two or three hours had been falling steadily. The opening of the door aroused him, e -; sprang up, beheld Lela, who flew towards him, and they were rapturously clasped in': each other's arms, and Mary.closed the door. upon them. .., Then he was safe-unhurt I Oh, Heaven be thanked I But where had hbeeen? 7Look ing for her? -- Why, what.wns she to under stand from that?. "When I left here," he explained, ."the first thing I heard of was the accident-that had happened to'tlie train I 'mi sed, and someone told me that poor Tompkins-yon have often heard me speak of him-was one of the sufferers by it. So I helped to carry. him to the nearest hospital, and .then" hastened to his wife-she was staying with friends at liichmond-broke the news as well as I could, and took her to him. While - thus employed; it struck me that my own wife might hear an exaggerated account of the affair; so I wired to the city, excusing myself there, and came home to find Mary in great distress.. Yoi had gone out, she said,. looking like a ghost, and accusing her of having ruined your happiness. l'ou had gone away as if you never meant to return, and I have been rushing from place to place ever since I heard this to find my darling, and entreat her to return to me. I have but just come home, so worn out with fatigue. aid misery that I could hold up no longer." Lela insisted on deferring herexplanations till he had changed the wet garments in which he was shivering. Need we say that they were satisfactory, - - or that the anxious hours spent by both husband and wife taught them that in wedded life even "a tiff'" should be care fully avoided I 