THE MISER'S LEG1CY. " He's come, Mt. Herman." " Come ? Come at last ? Are you sure of it, Joe?" " Sure as taxes," said Joe Poppinger, with a confident nod of his bead. '-He's taken that old house—the Haunted House, the neigh bors coll it—and he's mo red into it. bag and baggage, which, ain't much, by the way." " Any servants with him. Joe ?" " Only one—a crooked old woman—as threw a porringer of hot water over me when I came round to ax if I could be of any use. If they only owned a black cat I'd have the whole kit and boodle of 'em up for witchcraft. I never did come across such a rum lot in all my life." " Did you see the old man yourself, Joe ?" " See him, Mr. Herman ? 1 see a bundle of old bones, tied round the middle, with a palm-leaf patterned dressing gown and a flannel night-cap on his head, and I s'posed likely there couldn't be two. such outlandish old customers going.. He was a rannln'in and out from the furniture cart like a crazy spider." " That will do Joe, Here isa half-a-crown for you." " Thank'ee, sir. Much obliged to you, sir." And the stable boy, who belonged to the inn, shambled away, grinning and pulling at the front of his cap, while Herman Franklyn leaned, whistling, against the pillar of the front verandah. So old Miner Molineaux had arrived at last —the rich and eccentric relative—on the re version of whosefortune, real or supposed, he had all his life been building aerial castles. At last—and Herman resolved the very next day to call at.d pay his respects,although the old woman with, the hot water did not add to the delights of contemplating this visit. "if I hadn't heard from his lawyerthathe Aad taken a lease of the Stone House," mused Mr. franklyn, "I certainly never should have buried myself in this out-of-way place awaiting his advent; and if I hadn't thought I could work into his good graces I never should "bave taken the trouble to hunt him up. Heigho! Sometimes I think it would be easier to work for money than to inherit it.'* And so the next day Mf. Franklyn ^called* Miner Molincaux received him very coolly, sitting among bis treasures, likeMarins amid the ruins of Carthage. But Franklyn noticed that he kept on6 hand on the ring of a padlocked iron box , beside him as he talked. "Well, yonng man, and what do you want?" he asked, impatiently, when the old woman, wh6 evidently considered that: Mr. Franklyn was no subject for the hot water treatment^ showed him in. * "So inquire after your health, Cousin Miner," said the young man smoothly. "Humph 1 My health is well enough? Better than you wish it. I dare say.** . j*'My dear sir '*•; "But it will make no difference to joa," acidly went on theold man, still nervously fingering th€ rings of the iron box. "I don't deny that ! Jjave atreasure to leave behind. 1nfe-~?^fiman:F*ajaklyn'6 eyes listened. . ♦* But It will be to those who consult jmy wishes more than you have done." '« Bofc my deaycoosiu——"" . Words arc ill very well,"-«ald-the old m^r^sWoggiag his shoulders, abat?deeds speak tholoudeat. You knew very well my *veE&oa; fcp matrimony—and -yet;yoa go and cngagfeyoateelfto get married to a girl ,who hasn't "a penny. Eh? 3)6n*C"^ jouT'in a risiiigjhflecHon Hke^abaAi "And then, after coolly disregarding ®!! inywishes, yon expect me to leave yoatida -—this" tapping, ashe spoke, on the lid of t he box. 7 i , 7- ■ ; . " But,/Cousin Minefj ^yonwiahme, t will certainly adapt myselfto your opinions;" I ^id not know that ~rr£?.' C V StofE and nonsense I" yelled the old man. "iWh&t; you knew or didii'tknow isperfectjy immaterial to me. Leave me to my books and .Tar writing^- TfrrtValll ask at-any nun liTiof." -• > "— .. i wi nVmooafly^Way; : 1«i: to| 'Minself. " Thai's i&etittfr; thing. «Wbet the: second will be depends entirely onfate and -fortune;" . *"■!/'£•> . v.* •. ';•- ;' • •;. .^ ♦'■*•■ ' "-•.w Joflle Hallwas attli^ia'tiie-fMmrhoaBe. .kUcb^^pe^a^^totoes. iBjte^frae »4>lack brpWB, rand a round, refdotof a^onth; and in those dark eyts glistened ft Jightbalf fesentful, half anguish*, assbeiooked straight at Herman Franklyn. ' " t understand," said she; ««. you want to break the engagement. Kow that youriich uncle has come tt> the neighborhood I am no . longer worthy of yon. . - • "It isn't* thatj Josie, believe mej"said Franklyn, twisting MmSfelf about, ^with the: signals of keen mortification«felazing on his cheek. "ButI think perhaps it wouldibe better for both of ns " •... _ " And I haven't the least doubtof it," pas sionately interrupted Josie, with heaving breast and quivering lips. " A thousand times> better ; for lvalue the love of no manwhoi cmi leave me thus.- Pray don't waste yonr time in conjuring up any farther txcuses.; They are qaite unnecessary. I wish yon ■«« veiy good motn|ng." ' . v ■''■■■■ And she wentvonpeeHngl^rpbtatoep, while Herman Frankly® crept oat ot the, house, feeling very like a whipped cur. * F^radayprtwohefeltheartily adHuned of himself, but tbfe reward—as at laast^he; esteemed.it—came at, last. 7^ 1 Mr. Miner Molineaur Ml ill. Being illjlie was frightened. Being frightened he waB solitary. And consequently; he sent for his cousin Franklyn, a'tbing he never wouldhave done in health. " You don't think I'm going to die,ilo you, Herman?" he asked, tremulously. " Oh, there's no danger, at all,"reas5njed the young man, as the doctor had that mom said that the patient's Bpixts must be kept up at all hazards. : " And you won't leave me t" . " Certainly not, if my presence can be of any satisfaction to yoji," responded the* de lighted fortune-sdfeker. " But that girl that you're engaged to," grumbled Mr. Molineax; "she won't like it." "Do yon .think that I could persist in any-: thing contrary to your wishes?" reproach fully asked Herman Franklyn. " The en gagement is broken." " Good!" croaked the old man. "Engage ments are a humbug, in any event. Engage ments to girl6 that haven't anything Are still worse. Cousin Franklyn, you've mt^re sense than I gave you credit for." . Day by day Miner Molineaturgre w worse. On the forth afternoon he sent for a lawyer and made his will. On the fifth he became speechless. On the sixth he died. 41 My fortune is made now," thought Her man, who had listened at the door during" the interview with the lawyer, and. heard di rections given connecting his name with the padlocked iron box^ whereof the key hung around the dead man's neck. And he felt that Josie had been well sacrificed. . • • • « ' " You wasn't at the funeral, eh ?" said Mrs.. Pierce to the Widow Hall, while Josie's needle flew faster than ever through the cam bric she was hemming. •'Well, no," said the widow, "I ain't partial to funerals in general, and I didn't feel jno special call to put myself out to see an old miser buried, that I never saw nor spoke to' while he was alive." 41A man can't be a miser-without lie's got money, can he?" said Mrs. Pierce. " I don't rightly know about that," said Widow Hall. " But you don't mean to say that old Molineaux hadn't anything "after all?" " Nothing but a few sticks of furniture, and some rusty coins as no decent store keeper would give change for." Tbe widow's eyes shone through her spec tacle glasses. - " Land o* massy I" said she. " And what was in the iron box as everybody had so much to say abouf>—the iron box as was willed to Herman Franklyn. "Just the sheets of paper as held a diction ary tbe old man had been writing all- his days. Manuscript, the lawyer called it, whatever that may be. He thought it was ] worth a deal of money, and he'd spent his all hunting up books as nobody but himself 1 ever heard of, and travelling about :the country to pick tip information. " Humph 1" said the Widow Hall. " And j what did young Franklyn say ?" " I didn't sit-near enough to him to rightly hear," said Mis. Pierce, " but them "as; did ■ tells me be swore an awful oath when he saw1 what was in the box, and flung tbe whole j bundle on the back of the fire. I saw it blaze up myself." / ".And was that all ?' asked the Widow I Hall. - " That was all," responded her informant. " I am glad of it 1" cried out Josie, spring ing up with sparkling eyes. " I never was so glad of anything in all my life. He's served right for once." --■■■: j "Mr. Franklyn called the next' day, meek and subdued. If Josie had been a model heroine she would have thrown both her j arms around his neck, and vowed that she loved him better than ever. But she rwae only a very human little girl, so she stood np with dignitv and said: ' " I wonder at your, assurance in coming here, after all that has transpired, ; Mr. Franklyn." " But, Josie *' Thcreis thedoor, sir 1" said Josie. Please to walk out J" And there was nothing left for it but to " walk out." Old Miner Molineanx sleeps quietly in the. village grave-yard, and pnblic rumor* has added yet another ghost to the spectral popu lation of the Haunted Hoase—a yellow-vis aged old bogey, who wears a wig, and carries in his hand a padlocked box." 