\-- , ' TH»:"." : ."' ."?' TflE PABIÈBE8* ADtOOATKi SSATffBDÀT, ïtÂtte, ms. A Blot on the Kangaroo's Head. The present scare anent the Chinese is the very worst phase of the disease with which Aus tralia has been troubled for some years. Be tween 'Arry of the Woolloomooloo slums and "Citizen" Harry who bosses the Treasury Benches there seems to be a strong sympath etic feeling; the one wants to kick the " blarsted Chow out of his ('Arry's) country," and the other has made up his mind to assist his namesake in the hour of need. " Citizen" Parkes was always an oppor tunist—and here was the opportunity to in gratiate himself with the mob. There was a pretty big score to be wiped out : there was the Kiama Ghost episode, the Treason Felony Act, the Proctor rumpus, and more recently the Jubilee muss, and the Naval Defenoe Act, and Citizen Harry knew that he stank in the nostrils of the "great unwashed." Therefore, was it not incumbent up on so great a democrat to fln his Impe rialistic friends across the Water and, for the nonce, ingratiate himself with his long neglected proletarian friends ? Of course it was. It doesn't matter one jot to "Citizen" Parkes ; it won't hurt his political reputation, and his memory won't suffer in the sweet by and bye, not thfe breadth of a cobweb ; for most men know the great " I am'' to be the greatest tee. tot um that ever spun round upon' his own peg. What else could people expect from such a charlatan as he—a man who one day treads the national spirit of a people under foot in order to glorify imperialism, and then defies it with all the abandon of a sans cul otte ? A man who is ready to trample the life out of liberalism—either in politics or re ligion, and grovel at the feet of royalty for honoured phrases and favours, at one mo ment, and the next not only sneer at Imperial treaties, and openly insult the political friends of his royal mistress, but endanger the Em pire by war. The people of New South Wales have only to refer to a chronicle of last year's events, and compare Parkes' jingoistic actions throughout with his recent bid for applause among the ranks of the bigotted, the ignorant, the vicious, the selfish, to discover the nature of the man who poses as the G.O.M of New South Wales. The man is not only a politi cal trickster but he is incapable of rising to a true sense of his position as ruler of a free people ; he must either lend himself to the people's oppressors or he must lend himself to those who would bring disgrace upon a young country that has yet to make a name in his tory-and we are sorry to say (dismissing the past from our memory) she has made the first blot upon her fair escutcheon, by allowing this hoary old notoriety monger to set at de fiance every principle of honour, of political rectitude, of Christianity, of humanity. Sum " Citizen Parkes up in any way we may, he is a fraud and a sham and, there is "no health in him.'' Sir Henry Parkes imagines he has the peo ple with him. We doubt it. He may have a considerable number, for his illegal action in preventing the landing of Chinese passen gers without legislative sanction is endorsed by the restriction party, by the more ignorant of the Australian party, by the unemployed, supported by the professional agitators, and also by a lot of professing Christians, who swear by him and believe that he can do no wrong. Many of these latter are decent citi zens generally ; but when Parkes goes wrong they go wrong. They have so accustomed themselves to believe him immaculate that, in their eyes, it is impossible for him to make a mistake- which is clearly shown when they abjure the teachings of Christ for the clap trap of a mere political twister of phrases. It has been said by agitators—by the great Brummagem himself, even—that the press of the colony is favourable to this exclusion movement. We say, without reserve or apology, that it is a lie. There are newspa pers, we know, that go the " whole animilé" with the mob, and others that sit upon a rail, as they do in most other things—Protection and Land Nationalisation, for instance—wait ing to see from which quarter the wind will blow strongest—but we guarantee that there are a respectable number of country press men who are honest enough, courageous enough, and capable enough to speak out on this matter—even though there were fifty Parkes' instead of one, and the anti-Chinese mob were in millions instead of thousands. We claim to be one of them—and though we may be in a minority that is no reason why we should be in the wrong. We have reason, truth, justice, law, and religion on our side ; and if men on the other side like to sell their principles they are quite welcome to follow in the wake of him who handled thirty pieces of silver for the betrayal of his MASTER. We'll have none of it, anyhow; and our liberalism stands no way effected by opposing, tooth and nail, those who prate liberalism, but have not yet learnt its A.B.C. To the wind, we say, with such shallow mag-pie chatter as the Chinese being an immoral race. In God's name, don't urge us to write what we know what we have seen—of our own kind ! Smug church deacons and elders may smirk and bob their heads knowingly, and cuddle the idea that they know all about. What do they know, and where did they learn it ? O, the shamelessness, the profligacy, the hypocrisy of professing Christians is enough to make the angels weep ! Nine- tenths of those who are now howling for the utter exclusion of the Chinese are Christians (in name, anyhow—and we may well ask, then, if that be so, where are all the rest ?) ; and yet Christian men reap a fat harvest from mongolian vice, by the letting of their premises, by the the chartering of their ships, by trading with them, by em ploying them; and then, on the one day in the week, they fold their fat paws compla cently across their expansive broad- cloth while their hired preacher expounds the teach ings of Him who knew no distinction between men; to whom one nation was as another ; the pure SOCIALIST whose doctrines Christians, both rich and poor, set aside to- day—just os it suits them. Christ, to their, is all very well sometimes-but not at others. Well may men outside the Christian pale ask, " Is this the outcome of nineteen centuries of Christian civilisation?'' and, "What have the priests and parsons been doing all these years that they have not made better men?" Ali honour, we say, to those churchmen who have spoken out like men on this great ques tion. Cardinal Moran considers that the movement ii an arbitrary and JpraH one; Moderator Ao!d baa dènoufâaOT^o. auch language ai »ll trae men : mBa^ufflUtj and the Weeyan Conference in Wfláumj pasted a motion condemnatory;«| MOBMI Hon.. These men are ChrkflsnÁéjBagiaMH tbere*re hundreds who bsTÍ,^wotawHra they sit apon a rall -like presini sja^aW t dans-the? know their «onfri^tsMuH Cbrittians from expediency only, tyni JmM hare no desire to fall out with ino£ *%||^ No matter what the faults ot lui ~Ob|nS may be, we can And in onr own kpjSsläw -or worse-io alf grades of soeßjy.V wf^ it is doubtful whether we can find tl«ir-fITH tues. The artisan ia not one whit worse than the capitalist, and not much batter., greed of white men hare prompted them ¡V employ Chinese when it suited them- all over the world. When it suited Queenstm legislators to import coloured labour for sugar plantations, they did sa s jus.tvSÍHgP lishmen and Americans kidnapped Aftllw to cultivate their cotton, sugar, and rios, aw English and German plantersin the.,jf^j#§ import " boys" from other islands, or voôifâî from India to work for next to nothing, TjMj great trunk railways of America wera f^ÜH Chinese labour ; tue country thus got :i'Wt^ ¡ tcmury a beau Ol au the World, an£.Jm| the Chinee is an excresenoe, and ISy^j|H| So in Australia ; he has been useful berg ii useful to the capitalist, and useful to *%. .' &ft; mer, the miner, and the citizen j the miner would be dead without the Chinaman's vege tables, and his poor claims wouldn't pay ow| salt but for Chinese labour. The. gréeug capitalist's rookeries would hang upon bis hands but for the Chinee-who pays bim! double rent and puts up with a few inconvoS rdences. The landlord winks bis eye, asks> no questions, attends a nv'sslonsry meet« ing at night, and gives half-a-sovereign to wards the conversion of these depraved, im moral Buddhists to Christianity ; while the protectionist '. wurruking man's" wife lays..' out her coin to the best advantage with the] oblique-eyed trader who comes to her door. The rich man's wife and daughters, no doubt, know where the money cornea from that sup plies them with new costumes, and the work ing man is not ignorant as to how bi* better' half makes the week's wage run out so well,; and yet leaves him a margin for union and lodge money, beer and 'bapca. , The whole thing won't stand-arguing] Ubi simply a scare-and a most fltraiey one at that-which cunning, self-seeking men make capital out of ; and enables a Premier tn a' hole to come out in the most shameless, brazen-faced mander, and declare himself the friend of the' people-and ready to defy the imperial Government, the Supreme Court, Admiral Fairfax, and everybody else. Had Tom Walker or Ninian Melville dared to utter as much treason last year as "Citizen" i Parkes uttered in bis " high-falutin " speech the other day, they would hare beau thrust into limbo; and no doubt had the same pro posals come from any other pun than the; Premier they would have been defeated. Had! Comrade McNamara, Secretary ol the Sydney V (äooiaüsts^led «be mob that u^r»*! .S^ilj ment House the other day,,instead of Mayor Harris, does any one suppose he would have met with the «ame reception? Harris it the Premier's friend, and ia allowed to ape Wat Tyli-r with impunity. McNamarra is a so cialist and proletarian, and would therefore have been relegated to the nearest look-up. Mayor Harris is also a Justice of the Peace, but instead of reading the Riot Act, he lcd a mob up to the very doors of the Seiute House. What better proof could we hive that Sir Henry's last bit of law-making is merely mob law-he had no idea of making such law until the mob demanded it ; and in stead of holding hts ground, as Sir James Martin would have done, he surrendered at once. Yet this mob— the people, if you will -know that Harris is a monopolist, one of those who grab up all they can get, and whose gold is unearned increment. The people know this ; know that while a few men hold half the country, they (the workers) can never be anything better than they are at present. Even the late Sir Charles Cowper-never accredited with being a very great man knew what to do in '61 on the occasion of the Lambing Flat riots ; but Parkes played into the hands of the scum of Sydney by his weak, unstatesman-like move ; and to show that he recognised the difficulty-that he had raised a devil he feared—he ordered the release of the 50 illegally imprisoned Chinamen to take place in the night, when the people were all abed. Australians will live to see the evil result of this hasty legislation ; and legislators wi 1 do as they who passed the'Treason Felony Act did-curse their stupidity-for most of them confessed their error, and regretted that they did not go over to the late William Fos ter-the only man who sst in opposition on that occasion. We have said enough to show how we feel on this matter-though not half enough to express our sorrow, shame, and j detestation of the action of the Government, and the stupid expressions we hear all around us ; and above all do we feel humiliated to find Australians confessing themselves infe rior to the Mongolen race-which this clam our for exclusion practically does. It is a gutter agitation, and wages, not morals, is at the root of it. HOLLOWAY'S Fills and Ointment are re medies which should invariably be taken by travellers in search of health, pleasure, or business. Many deleterious influences are constantly at work in foreign climes, tend ing to deteriorate the health ; these and the altered condition of life will entail on those who travel the necessity of carefully attend ing to early symptoms of disease, and they will find the use of these remedies to be highly necessary, the action of the Fills being purifying and strengthening and of great service in cases of fever, ague, and all inflammatory diseases, whilst the ointment is a sovereign cure in cases of piles, bad legs, bad breasts, wounds and ulcers. Hol loway's remédiée do not deteriorate by change of climate. ' FOR TIIK BLOOD IS THE LITE.'-CLARKES WOKLD-KAM LD BLOOD MIXTL'RK is warrante;! to cleanse the blood from all impurities from what ever cause arising. For .Scrofula, Scurvy, Skin and Biood Diseases, and SHIVS of ail kindp. its cifcct«are marvellous. Thousands of le'.-tnr.onials. Sold in bottles, 2s 9J and 11s each by Chemists and 1'atent Medicine Vondors cv. ry\vhf.Tc, .Sole Proprietors, 'JUE LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DEI'G Co., Linteln, England. 