A TALI OF THE SB A 4- j (sew toss sux.) There have "been, sailors in our family for five- generations back, and- three of the pre sent generation have been reared in the avOf- caiion. You will therefore admit .that, as a. family, we have met with seme strange adven-. cures ana see>r some queer sigms. my grana- ; father and grea-j-grandfather were English seamen, who cut the waters long before, steam was .thqugkt of . My grandfather had one particular adventure which mystified- -a nation, and- which T have heard called up in cabin -and fo'castle half a. hundred times. . He was mate of a brig named the York, which was chartered from Hull to one of the cli .i+-l l.-liiiMio i fi rts l->i >-» t-VV-I-tt « i loiaiAuo uuu UMIUCI a>uu .cutiiaa supplies. The bzig had a total of seven men, . and was new and staunch. She left port with, a fair wind, and the crew had made several voyages together, and were in harmony. Nothing out of the routine occurred until the. brig was well up with the Orkneys, but to the east. My grandfather - then turned in one night at midnight, with a smooth sea and everything shipshape. Ee had four hours off, and was not disturbed. He should : have been called at 4 o'clock, but when he awoke of his own accord it was after six o'eloek. It was almost a dead calm then, and the brig had but little motion. The mate was filled with wonder that he had been per mitted to sleep half his own watch away, and he hurriedly dressed and rushed upon deck. There was not a soul in sight, and five minutes later lie made the astonishing dis covery that he was the only person aboard. The sails were set, and in the light wind the brig was going to suit herself. There was not the least sign of confusion or of a struggle. All the boats were in place, and not a thing in the shape of personal property had been removed. The six men were simply missing — gone as shadows go. Winn he was satis fied on this point, the mate was terribly upset. The brig was right and tight, the weather all that could be desired, and why should the crew have deserted her? Then, too. how did they get away, none of the boats having been taken ? If they left in a panic, there would have been signs of it. If not, why had they failed to summon him? It was a puzzler, as you may perceive, and the poor man was half crazy over it. la those days, ships were few and far between compared to these, and the brig went driving up the North Sea in perfect- solitude. .4 All that day,' said my grandfather, 4 1 was in such a state of mind, that I gave the brig but little attention. The mystery made such a co ward of me that I dared not repeat my first visit to the forecastle, fearing that I should see a ghost. I went over the brig time and again, looking closely for some sign to show how the men departed and why they had deserted her, but I could find nothing. Towards evening I made out the Sfeetlands to the west of me,, and I also saw a sail inthe south, but I was helpless. The wind had hauled to the south and increased, and the best I could do was to keep the brig j before it umd let her drive. The breeze held .so steadily that I lashed the helm and secured considerable sleep that night, ;but at daylight next morning I had my hands more than Before night o'clock I was rushing alcaitoce .a race-horse, andjskill to manage the helm. ' . 'dlving passea. the Shatlahd8, I figiired that the only hope for me, uii3 flifi wind"; made a great change, was the . Faroe islands, j lying a matter of a hundred and fifty mites to the north- west. Indeed, that- was fiji© the only course I could steer while the wfiud held. I hadnever been/there, Miew nothing about the locality, and felt that I . would be ah apt to rim the brig on a reef as to; sail hef; hkto a harbour. During the day T fsrb ,, toipsat a distance., I had a set signal of distress, but they wtoe top far awqy to observe , it, and by-and-bye night cMne down, again. Tmckily for me the wind abated a great deal, although it sochl hauled " hailf way round, the compass, aiid I could no longer lay my course to the north-west. By this time my nerve had come hack, and I was smrised to find my self so hopeful and- confident. By watching my chances I managed to get a bite to eat now and then, and, as fcheweather was mild, I got up some blankets and . caught many . winks of sleep during the night, as the brig held steady with the helm lashed. The general course during the night was due north, although the brig no.doubt made many and devious crooks and turns as I dozed and nodded; 4 When morning came the breeze freshened and hauled to the south-west. " I was now sure that I could not make the Faroe islands, and that I was driving but into the Arctic ocean. Therefore, as sboii as I had Secured . _ j — — . — , a bit- to eat, I went aloft with my knife and cut away some of the cloths, leaving only sufficient to give her steerage way or to enable her to' lie to in a, gale. I then held her up for the coast of Nor way, but as I "had crippled her powers she swashed along like an old tub, making only a mile or so an hour. I" was in hopes to be able to strike Christiansland, knowing that it was the only port below the Arctic circle, and it seemed that I certainly must fall in with some craft during the day. Before noon I sighted two, but they were far to the east. During the afternoon I espied -three others, but the nearest one was eight or ten miles away and sailings another course; I got through the day fairly well, being much occupied in figuring my 'position and won dering where I "should eventually bring up. Just at sundown the wind fell almost fiat, and. I had figured out that I was already above Christiansland and fairly into the Arctic Ocean. The change in the (temperature proved that. There was every appearance of a quiet night, and at 10 o'clock, when the brig lost steerage "way, I bunked down betide tiie wheel and was soon fast asleep. I awoke at " about 1 o'clock in the morning to find all quiet, and dozed off again, and was still asleep at daylight, when I was boarded "by a boat from a merchantman on her way home from a Russian port. 4 1 got help to work the brig back to Hull, and a snug little sum I got as salvage, but as to what became of the crew no man has ever discovered. Twenty- five years have passed, and all attempts to trace them have brought no tidings. Expeditions were sent to all the islands and all along the coast of Denmark, Sweden, and Norway, but never a trace was had. I have heard a hundred theories about it, but one was as good as another, because none could be proved.' . In the year 1843 my father was carpfenter of an English ship called the Golden' Rale, .chartered from Liverpool to the West Indies and. return. She was a .small but snug ship, carrying about twelve men, and she had two guns mounted on her deck as & protection against pirates. There were plenty of sus- picious craft hanging about' the Caribbean Sea, and afi. merchant vessels had to be pre pared to defend themselves. One of the guns was a bier fellow "Dresented to the owner of the ship by a club of gentlemen, and after it 1 was mounted he was warned that it would rack the ship to' pieees if ever discharged. The Golden Rule made a fine run of it until almost down to the islands, when one morning, .at about nine o'clock, she came up with" a brig flying English colours and a flag of distress. The captain ordered the ship to lie to and the mate to pull off to the stranger in the yawl. The distance between them was only a quarter of a mile, and the yawl was soon alongside. The mate went up first, and the two men soon followed, and in a few minutes the stranger showed a signal which read : 4 More help, or we sink?' It was a beautiful day, with a light wind and no sea, and the captain atonee sent off tire second mate with four men. This made eight out of the twelve. i Neither of the guns was loaded, but when the second boat left us my father went at it and loaded both pieces, having the help of one of the sailors. Into the smaller they crammed anything to answer for grape and cannister, and into the larger a solid shot. When the crew of ; the second boat reached the brig and went over the rail they were re ceived with a cheer, but in a few minutes both boats," crammed full of men, left the brig for the ship. Seeing this, my father made bold to tell the captain that he believed the stranger a pirate, and that the boats should be fired upon. Captain Davis laughed at the idea, as his glass revealed the faces of his o%vn men in the boats, or so he thought. It- turned out they had been forced to yield np jackets and caps, but not one of them . had left the brig. The boats pulled right along side, and when it was too late it was . dis covered that they were heavily armed, and, were no doubt pirates. They were aboard in a jiff J, meeting no opposition whatever. It may perhaps fee called cowardice in my father for slipping into the cabin" as the pirates tumbled aboard. He found a liidihg- place under a lounge, and he heard all that went on. The pirates didn't seem to be such a murderous lot. They towed them brig alongside, broke out such of the cargo as suited their fancy, and cleaned the lockers of every dollar in cash. They were full of horse play and rude jests, bat no one was hurt. ; About noon they were ready to depart. The wind was now blowing from the west, and they put all the ship's crew into the yawl without food, water, sail or oars, and turned the boat adrift. The idea whs to, get rid of them without bloodshed, and it was a pretty " 'I|nghed and jE and all were prc drimk when me brig was ?eady to deparfc. . = v? r-.f of cowardfce ty prfirahiiig a iipryy act. v''yjjbp ,didh't jthougbt from toe aGtioiis of toe piiatbs thal .she would feaif an hour. 1 , \- .P&t; Ito iras st, doomed ; "J wamed'tovehge: ';m tobh Ah hb heard Ihhr big gitof - side of the ship, had not been nta&dleii; ; witoi ' He got a horn oi powder ftmntoe aajas- . chest, crept along the' deck to too coofc's 1 hohse unseeti, and thti'fi-foand the iron pok; id M - had meafil to uSg itl to. cariy but 'itome' de- sign. The twd vessels hMloclted toe brig had sbifie ttoufele id gtttoig clear. . ' "Wheai she finally drew, away to6 , G& astern, but as toe made sail toe oahieiip ; again. ie was not tooto to a - away, and Was iust even with; toe big gun, ? when fato.ee kicked top port opto, took "a V hasfy tight, tod "Primed tod" disbharged toe cannon; "He"' whir 1 Itotoked down and temporarily defeaned by toe loudrtob?t, AhdL ' when he reached his feet agam three - mangled bodies were lying on the deck to- gether with a great rattle of splinters; blocks, - , QIIm Tlia. OOb Trrrri o K wreckage, while the brig was nowhere to be ' seen. . ; What had happened. " Well, tirV the ; bsdl " - from the brig's cannon had smashed into the; brig's powder magazine and blown her up. It Wsts entirely a chanto toot, btit "it Weht : straight to toe mark. Not One tingle ahan. " of the sixty or more making up the pirate'e crow escaped with his life. Assoon asmy father could realise his good fortune he xan for some plugs and a mallet and dropped into toe hold. . Not more than a foot of water had entered, and he soon had the holds plugged. Captain Davis and his men had, of course, heard toe explosion. When they saw toe brig go and the ship still afloat they toxe toe to warts out of toe yawl and managed by hard work to paddle back. At 3 o'clock they were aboard again and the ship pumped dry. Asif toatwasnot enoughgoodluck, two or three' chests were picked np among toe wreckage with enough money ana j ewellxy in them tobuy t wo such ships as the GoldenRule. My father got a public reception in England, several medals and decorations and £2,000 in gold. The adventure was recorded as one of the strangest in maritime histiofy. 