LADIES' COLUMN. FEMININE FASHIONS AND FANCIES. [From our Lady Correspondent,] London, December 23, 1887. Gloves are subject to fashion's caprices, like other atticles of dress. Suede kinds are no longer approved for full dress, but white dressed kid gloves are. Not solely, however. Gloves the color of the dress, if pale, are con- sidered good taste, and almond shades are worn at other times when the contrast of white gloves would be too marked. Silk gloves, too, are worn, and when thet fit well no make of hand covering looks better. Some very pretty varie- ties have been introduced lately—a long white silk glove with fancy top formed of gathers and insertion of open work and silk embroidery. Very tasteful, too, is a fine silk glove in every color, round the top of which goes a wide frill of Spanish silk lace. This last addition is very becoming to the arm, and now that the sleeves of evening dresses are receding upwards so fast that they threaten to disappear altogether a little extra ornament on the gloves, which also increases their length, is desirable, though it can hardly be said to compensate for the literal shortcomings above. A mere strap and a few knots of ribbon are all that fashionable modistes consider necessary to cover the shoulder and arm immediately below that joint. A little extra clothing, if I may so call it, for the neck is, however, a feature of present fashion. It may be a moderately wide band of black velvet, fastened with a clasp of brilliants or paste diamonds, or a vibhou tied simply round the throat. A lace lappet with the ends quite short and tied in a neat bow is another fashionable device for dressing the neck. Whilst on the subject of evening dress I may say that a bow on the side of a fan adds very much to the elegance of its appearance. The newest bows are made of ribbon about two inches wide and with looped edges. With loops and dovetailed ends arrange a bow some- what resembling a starfish of moderate size; attach to the back two long ends of ribbon, let them fall negligently between the bow and the handle of the fan, round which twine the re- maining ribbon, finishing with a pretty knot half way up on the handle. I believed I have remarked on the recent taste for red material; even brides are choosiug red dresses, but I do not greatly approve of that selection. I see a Welsh lady who was married last week wore a red velvet overdress above a petticoat of Honiton lace, the bridesmaids being dressed in cream-colored silk, thus en- tirely reversing the usual order of things. It is not common to see the bride dressed in darker color than her maids. By the way, the newest bouquet-holders for bridesmaids are slippers made of rushes' mush trimmed with ribbon; they are slung over the arm and of course filled with flowers; their cost is about a guinea each from the floral depot, which seems rather a large sum. Ribbon velvet is used to tie bouquets made up in the usual way, or a fine lace handkerchief may be tied about the flower stems instead. A very pretty wedding was solemnised last weak at Kensington, the bridesmaids at which wore dresses of silver grey surah and plush, bonnets of grey silk lined with cherry-colored velvet. It is curious how suddenly and completely the conjunction of black and red has seized on the fancy of fashionmongers. No other com- bination has been to popular for a long time, and is certainly effective when the complexion and hair are favorable. With train and bodice of red silk (poppy-red surah preferably) and black lace skirt a charming dinner or evening toilet is obtained, and in the hair is worn a tiny piece of red ribbon crumpled on the top of a hairpin, a small osprey standing erect in the middle of the bow. I may re- mark that small upright bows of ribbon mounted on hairpins and matching the dress color are the most fashionable of all head- trimmings. I read with bated breath at the daring of the wearer—a recent bride—whose travelling costume was a dark blue serge dress, over which a scarlet covert coat was worn, topped by red cloth hat. Red hosiery is also in great favor, and is invariably worn when scarlet appears in the dress-trimming or as part of the dress material itself. Many persons think they can wear red, yet it is cer- tainly trying to not a few who have no mis- givings whatever on the point—pale, sallow women, for example. There are reds and reds, however, and difference of shade is most important. Scarlet will suit one, ruby another; the purple tones in some reds are most disas- trous to certain complexions. White is tra- ditionally the color for brides, and white cloth dresses are not unsuitable for the time of year; nor is a gown of this kind so unbecom- ing as might be supposed if a collar and other trimming of golden beaver be worn. I have just seen a bride's dress with a little out-of- door jacket trimmed with this fur, bonnet to correspond, and muff also; shoes and hosiery of tan color, to tone with the beaver. It was quite an ideal costume. When we consider how many thousand lamps consuming mineral oils are being used in England and elsewhere, I wonder that we do not hear of more casualties, considering the inflammable nature of the oil. Some of the lamps in question are exceedingly dangerous. I have heard it asserted upon good authority that one-fifth of the fires occurring to property in London are attributable to accidents with lamps. A child or careless domestic often upsets one, or a thoughtless person has endeavored to extinguish the flame by blowing down the chimney. In each case —the last mentioned one especially—the re- sult, as most people are aware, is generally very disastrous, often causing loss of life and other casualties. Of late years I have been accustomed to use gas but having heard so much in praise of the safety lamps invented by a Belgian, I invested in one, and can testify to their worth—at least mine amply justifies the praises bestowed upon this particular make. In fact, I can find no fault it. I have seen teveral in use. The one I purchased is a reading lamp. The flame is very brilliant, but the opaque glass shade sheds a soft light around. Of course the lighting capacities are regulated by the size of the burners and the quantity of oil consumed. My lamp is of moderate size, constructed of polished brass, and fitted with a 10-inch opal shade. It gives a light equal to twenty stan- dard candles, consuming about a pint of oil in seven or eight hours. The mineral oil recommended for their use costs from 1s. to 1s. 6d. per gallon. The first-mentioned price is charged for wholesale quantities, from five gallons and upwards, so that the expenditure per night is trifling compared with gas. For bedroom use little hand lamps may be pro- cured, consuming even less oil—about 1 pint in 18 hours. Its illuminating powers are equal to ten candles. The oil receptacle being metal, there is no fear of accidents. Although these lamps are remarkably free from smell, I do not recommend their use or gas for burning all night in sleeping apartments, the old-fashioned tallow dips or other makes of candles being less injurious to health. Should the safety lamp be upset the light goes out, the oil cannot be spilled, and the reservoir being of metal it is not liable to fracture. As a proof of its safety I may mention an instance that came under my notice lately. Several little children were left by their nurse alone in the nursery. The little ones during their play accidentally upset a lamp of this description. The crash of the glass globe and the sudden darkness frightened the children, their screams recalled the nurse, who guessed what had occurred, and not knowing the safety properties of the lamp dreaded the results of the mishap. One can guess her thankfulness when she saw that her worst fears were not realised—the room was not in flames and the little ones were unhurt, only frightened. Had the lamp been one of the ordinary kind generally used in country houses it is possible that the poor children would have been burned to death before the nurse had time to rescue them. I think for nursery use a suspended light is advisable. Twelfth Day customs are now less zealously observed than those which attend the earlier festivals of Christmas and the new year. Few persons seem to know why there is any cele- bration of Twelfth Day. It is generally sup- posed to have originated with King Arthur, who established twelve days after Christmas as holidays, of which Epiphany was the last. These twelve days were dedicated to the twelve apostles, and it was customary in some parts of England for one large and twelve small fires to be lighted on the eve of the Epiphany, intended to represent our Lord and His apostles. The fire for Judas Iscariot was put out as soon as lighted and the ashes scat- tered about, but the remaining twelve were allowed to burn as long as possible, various inferences for the ensuing year being drawn from the manner in which they burned. I do not approve of keeping diaries. It is useful, certainly, to make a few memoranda, but not an exhaustive entry of one's feelings and opinions. Time often changes both, and it is not well that private records should pass into the hands of others, who may misinterpret and turn them against one's self, as has so often been done. I kept a careful and elaborate diary for nine years. A day came when it was necessary I should look over what I had written. Could the writer of the last have penned the first diary? I might have doubted had I not memory and the evidence of my eyes to prove identity. As a rule our present self, wise in the light of after knowledge and more ex- perience, looks down with scorn and contempt on the self that was less mature. At all events I felt so humiliated by what I read that I made a grand holocaust of 10 years' diaries, and have never kept anything approaching a record of my doings since. I do not set up for an authority, but I am of opinion that whatever inconvenience I have suffered or am likely to suffer from not keeping a diary is more than counterbalanced by the thought that none exists to rise up like a ghost of the past and condemn me under my own hand. One cannot help reading animosities and disruptions that ought never to be chronicled; and though one may say what one likes about oneself wisely or unwisely—one has no right to make history of the actions of others, nor to sit in judgment upon them, giving them naturally the color which our interpretation puts upon them. The keeper's diary is not therefore a purely personal thing, and had best be let alone. Each year when I see lists of compre- hensive diaries for sale I shudder when I think of the undoing they may be instrumental in bringing about. Almanacs and diaries are produced simultaneously, and the former are certainly useful, without any of the drawbacks which attend the other publication. The first almanac in England was printed in Oxford in 1673. There were, says an autho- rity, nearly thirty thousand of them printed, beside a sheet almanac, for twopence, that was printed for that particular year, because the novelty of the issue caused such a great sale that a second smaller edition at a cheaper rate had to be thrown off. The Society of Book- sellers bought the copy, in order to keep the profits in their own hands. We should regard the almanac as a general referee, without which humble encyclopædia no household, even the most illiterate, is found. I wonder how is was possible to carry on the business of life without its modest assistance. Most persons like oysters, and there are many ways of serving them beside that simplest of all—a dressing of pepper, vinegar, and salt. Eaten thus only the best oysters are ad- missible; but cooked oysters, provided they are fresh, need not be Whitstables, I think. Oysters may be kept several days by feeding. A cloth should be laid over them, and a little salt and water supplied from time to time. Some persons feed with a sprinkling of oatmeal in the water, and I have seen oysters became fat on the process, but am told they de- teriorate in flavor though they gain in size. A nice little impromptu supper dish is the following:—Take fresh oysters of good size, and cut extremely thin as many rashers of bacon as there are oysters, season, and roll each oyster in bacon, skewer neatly, put in a tin, and bake in a slow oven; serve on hot buttered toast. Another dainty dish, good enough to set before a king, is made thus:— Take potted ham and incorporate with fine breadcrumbs and beaten egg; mould in a dessert spoon, and fry in hot fat; serve on sippets of fried bread and with rashers of bacon. Three Spanish onions baked and served with dressing of oiled butter, pepper, salt, cayenne, and grated cheese make a delicious if homely supper dish. Some people boil their turkeys, but I fully agree with the first two lines of an old rhyme respecting this mode of cooking a turkey. It reads thus:— Turkey boiled is turkey spoiled, And a turkey roast is turkey lost, But for turkey braised the Lord be praised. The process of braising gives additional flavor to all meats, and should be applied to any poultry or meats which are of a dry and flavor- less nature. Even old, dry, and tough meats and poultry may be rendered more tender aad juicy, by being submitted to this process. Families who have not the convenience of a braising-pot may obtain the same effect if they put the meat in a pot and cover close, placing it in a moderate oven, where it should be allowed to stew very gently until cooked. Proceed thus. Stuff the bird as follows:— Mince four ounces of beef suet, mix with it half a pound of breadcrumbs, pepper, salt, and the squeeze of a lemon. Boil a score of chesnuts, free from husks, and pound in mortar; combine with two eggs well beaten. Then put the bird in the pan with two carrots, one turnip, three onions, a little parsley, four cloves, a blade of mace, and a few peppercorns; moisten with sufficient stock or water to cover and let it simmer in a slow oven two hours, basting well in its own liquor. When cooked drain and place in a baking-dish and set in an oven to glaze, basting often with its own extract. When the turkey presents a rich glossy surface, dish and serve. Thicken the liquor and pour over. Few persons make apple sauce properly, yet pork, goose, and ducks are served with it. The following is a great improvement on the kind usually set to table:—Peel a pound of apples, cut in slices, remove the core, put in a stewpan with four ounces of white sugar, one ounce of butter, two tablespoonfuls of water. Stew gently over a slow fire. 