THE DEATH uF BLUOHELI. (TamasrATED ION THE FIRMCK) After the events through which the map of Europe was completely altered in 1815 the Prussian Field- Marshal Bluchber, the saviour of Wellingron as Waterloo, and whom nobody liked because of his rudeness and C brutality, was put on the retiree list. * Ulseheatoned by hte removal, and reduced a to inactlnr, and obscurity, he left Berlin and went to reeide in hla c:lo esituated in Pome. ' rania. Soon be fell into a deep melancholy, 'i r.ndered more intense by dropsy and intlama t on of the chest. A strange change In his f ctharacter took place. That rough soldier b'came timid, even poltroon. He would not remain alone in the darkness, solitude threw a nim into singular anguish. His state of a health was reported to the king, who Sresteemed and luved him a great deal. The monarch having beard that at several times the marshal had expressed the wish of y seeing him once more before hedied, resolved P to visit him. h Leaving Berlin in the morning, the King a of Prussia arrived in Krieblowitz early in the e evening. Immediately he weeas conducted to a Blucher's room. The sick man,aged seventy. t four years, was reclining on a sofa placed a before a large chimney, in which enormous a logs of wood were burning. Their flames i illuminated the room andcae; mobile and red Sreflections on the features of thel old man wrapped up in bearskin. At the entrance of his sovereign in brn apartment, Bluchertried Stan rise out of respect for his rneust visitor, ii who prevenrea him from doing so. The alng took a chair and eat by the side of the marshal. Blucher at once said he wished tobe left 8 alone with his master. Wheneveryone had I left the room, he said: I "Sire, I have humbly requested your e Majesty to come here in this castle of Krieblo.ritz; rather than not see you I would have urne to Berlin myself, although I am dyicg. I have asecret to confide to your I Majesty, a terrible one. Will my king allow no to speak ?'s t Cerainly, my dear marshal." " Before listening to my narrative, sire, look at me well. Assure yourself that I an, 3 in the lull posseesion of my senses, and that t I am not a lunatic. Sometimes I believe I am on the verge of insanity : and I doubt if I am not tek'ng yesterday's visions for a remembrence of days gone by. But no," added be, drawing a gold bracelet from his pocket, " no, all is true, all is real, t nd I know what I am saying," " Listen to me, your Majesty. " When, in 1756, the Seven Years' War began, my father, who inhabited his castle of Gross Reuzow, sent me to the mat,,r of our relatives, situated in Rogen Ipl4nd. After a while the Russlan Government offered me the grade of cornet in the Black Huesars Regiment. I accepted of a furlough to atlord me the opportunity of paying i visit to my family, that I had not seen for m, titha. A leave of absence was granted to me. " On my way to Gross Renzow I found all that part of Mecklenhurg horribly dcvas tated. Arriving about four miles from home, I became aware that my carriage could not ascend the new steepy road cono ducting to the house of my ancestor,.. I abandoned it, and pursued my journey on horseback, followed by one of my servai ts. " It was fifty-nine years ago this very .lay, the 12th August, and at the hour indicated now hy this antique clock-half-past 11, A dreadful tempest shook the trees, the fia-hee of lightning blinded mes and the reports of thunder deafened me; the rain was pouring. After galloping quite a while in the foreot I arrived before the castle alone; my servant had lost his way through the inclemenct of the weather. "Withlut dismounting I knocked at the door with my whip. Nobody snawered my call, that I repeated three times without heiig answered. Out of patience, I alighted from Illy horse, ascended the stoop ,ntd entered the castle. No light, no noise .ny. where. I avow ,hat my heart went to ny throat, and a chill crept through my body. " What foolishness I thought I; the eattle is deserred ; Iny family has gone to the city. No matter, asno I am here, I must arrange myself as well as possible. " And I crossed a hall and went to my father's room. A fire balf extinguished was smoking in the chimney ; by Its faint light I saw my father, my mother, and my fur sisters seated around the fireplace; they rose when they perceived me. I ran to klss my father : he stopped me with a gesture ; I ex tended my arms to my mother; she fell back with aead motioni of the head. I called my sisters, each separately ; they took each other by the hand without answering me. Then the whole of them returned to their seate. " 'Do not you know me any more?' ex claimed I. 'Is it like this a family ought to receive a son and a brother ? Have you already heard of my entrance in the Russian service 1 I could not refuse. Remember that the first thing I do is to come ant inform you of my action What I my father, you do not speak ? My mother, you keep silent l Have you forgotten, my sisters, our mutual tenderness and the plays of our ahildhood- those plays that this place has witnessed so often I' "At those lost words my sisters appeasred to he moved. They spoke low, rose anil ,¢r,nalled me to approach. One of them knelt before my mother a. if she wanted to play a game in which the players strike eschb other. Surprised with this strange fancy in a moment so solemn, I touched the hand of my sister with the snd of my whip. A mve'eriono fIrco attreO'ed me. " When my tlrereame to kneel before my mother, and to put my head on her lap-oh, bhrror ! I felt a form angular and cold under her silk dress. I heard a sharp noise like the rattling of bones, and then a hand met mine ; that hand rested in it. It was a skeleton's hand. I uttered a cry of terror. They were human remains that I sheok con vulsavely. "Out of m seelf, and with a disturbed mind, I ran away from this awful castle. In the yard I found my borse. I mounted and departed at a furious pace. At the break of the day my steel fell dead, and my servant found me senseless, lying under Ihe animal. I was at the pint of death for over three weeks. When I recovered my healrh I learned that my family had perished. victims of this pitiless Seven Years' War, and that our manor had been pillaged and ransacked many times. " I returned to Grose Kenzow. I wanted to pay the last duties to my family and to give a decent burial to those I loved so dearly. Not Swithstanding the most minute researches I was unable to find their sacred remains. Alone, a hand, a woman's hand holding a gold bracelet, was picked up on the floor in my father't room, the same room where the Sfatal vision appeared to me. I took that bracelet, this very one, and the hand wee buried in the chapel of the castle. " Matny years paeed. Two months aio I was asleep or, the cofa when I was awakeoned by a slight noise. I lpened my eyes, and eaw distinctly my father, my mother, and my four sisters standing before me; my sister Stook each by the hand, and motioned me ts join them. S" 'No, no I never I' cried I. "Then the ghosts, clasping their hands, heran to turn alowly around me. " ' Jostice," said my father passing before t me. "'Penance." marmured my mother, in clinine her sad face towarde me. " rayer." said the younger sister. 'Sword." sighed another. " ' Twelfth of August,' said thethird. And the last one repeated: " ' Twelfth of Aaugust at midnight.' " And again they turned around me, autter. Ing the same words, then they vanished, re pealno : " 'Good.bye I Good-bye l The twelfth of Aurnaet at midnight r" " I comprehended that my life was to be acceimpliehsed soon, and nothing more was to done by me but recommend my soul to God and my family toyour Majesty." S"My dear Marshal," replied the king, " what you have related to me is certainly a rery extraordinary. Perhaps fever and delirium have nomething to do with those visions. Courage; take courage; fight naainst thote hallucinations and have good hone. You shall regain your health, and you will Slive many log years. Do you not believe I me ? Yrs, is it not? Give me , our hand." And as Blutcher did not answoer, the King of Prassia seized his hand. It woeas already cold and rigid ! Midnight struck by the antiqueclock in the parlour. Field.-Marnhat Blntcher, the saviour of S IWellinglon at Waterloo, was dead. 