THE NEWTOWN ELECTION. The undisguised apprehension with which thu Foreign-trade party view the ordeal of the approaching New town election, affords a striking con- trast to tlie arrogance which they displayed immediately after the general eltctiou. i'rotcction, they proclaimed then, and for half a your afterwards, was dead. To-day thty are either shivering in thu pti fence of thu ghost, or confuting, by iht-ir terror, that Protection is not merely olive after all, but more formidable than ever. We do not believe that it u the ascertained present stature of the young giant which appals bis foiling untsgonut. In New South ftft" ales. Fro tec- ticn is yet only in the gristle, so to speak. It is the ominous fact that tho cause has grown, and is growing, which flusters and dismay the Foreign party. And in that fact, indeed, ore centred the hopes u! the Protectionists equally with the fears of tho Foreign-traders. The devotion of all grades of Protectionists to tho catue for its own sake, aa developed in connection with the forthcoming struggle at Newtown, ti a circumstance as encoutaging to the adherents of that policy as tt most be dis heartening to tho other. The cheerful readiness of the different branch organisations to pat aside separate ? references, and to accept with cheer- ulncss the candidate judged moat suitable by a majority, has special signifi cance. A cause thus supported has all the attributes of success. Mr. Belliut'-t wil lingness to stand aside, and even to support the candidature of his competitor, marks a higher plane of devotion than hitherto generally attained, and must give him a strong hold on the affection of the party. There teems little doubt that the contest will bo aduel between Mr. Skitii and Sir KoDEur Wisdoh, as representatives of the Australian National ideal, and of the sy. tem of Foreign domination. Tbo Protec tionists open tho campaign with a recorded majority at the general election of 12C0 votes against them. This Is a formidable handicap. Success or failure wUl depend entirely upon the number of converts who hare In the in terim been gainod by opportunity for reflection and comparison. Every device to snatch a victory will bo resorted to by the Government. Already the campaign ha# been begun with a treachery to the people. Friday has been chosen as the day for polling. It Is doubtless hoped that by this device the working class wUl bo partially disfranchised. theiv" .on J' T18 P"11" 4lWo rt> hard a show. | 