Mr. Spurgeon's Secession. | Ax English, paper commenting on the action of Mr. Spurgeon sayB :-No man ought to take a step so grave as this withou reasons so definite and conclu- sive that theywill at least bear the closest exami- nation by the light of New Testament examples. Wc do not wish in the least to detract from our full recognition of Mr Spurgeon's courageous conscien- tiousness. But we are bound to say that taking this-case a-« he himself, puts it, and. without enter- ing upon any discussion its to its accuracy in point of fact, we cannot understand ho.v he can justify his action either by the spirit of the Gospel or by the historic examples of thc New Testament. His allegations amount in effect to these : That there are members of the Baptist Union,who do not hold tbep'e lary inspiratian of the Bible : that there are some who refuse to recognise as literal history the story of Eve and the serpent ; that the personality of thc Holy Ghost is explained away; that some preachers refuse to deny all hope to the lost ; and that the divinity and vicarious sacrifice of Christ are either too vaguely held oretherialised away. We cannot constitute ourselves judges of the accuracy of these statements; but taking them as they stand we entirely deny that either the spirit or the letter of the New Testament justifies Mr Spurgeon in withdrawing himself from his brethren. In the time when the gospels and epistles were written the creed of the Church had scarcely taken such fixity of form as would enable us to find precise parallels between the cause of primitive dissension and the questions involved in later controversies. But if we. look at the spirit in which early diver- gences of opinion were treated, or at thc mode in which very grave errors, were dealt with by aposto- lic authority; it iwÜl^beidiffibult or impossible?'. to find in thém'añy!precedént for Mr. Spurgeon's 'ac- tion. At the end pf his declaration he somewhat paradoxically sighs for " a larger communion than any sect can offer." That larger communion he will find at least in heaven ; and if he would include in bis fellowship now all whom he is in hope oi meeting there, we scarcely think he would insist oh his withdrawal from the Association of Baptist Churches. .^IgS , r 