SUMMARY. .. Mr(' PeorF Homiitoa oaya Uto invasion of England is rcmoto. China wonts Anetralia to cxelado all it relgnon as well as Cblaeee. Parkea claima to hsvo originated tbesratotn of trained nnrees in N.U.W. hoepitali. Uit night tbo Premier told the Town Kail audience— Mmo of whom wero Indlos— that wotnon in tjring.in faoapitul rtxraired tbo ulmoatcaro. At tbo elostj of yeiterday's play tbo Aus tralians bod loal ono wickvt for 213 runs. Urlgbt's illseaso — congeitlon of tbo lung. Iho N.8.W. array Is being rcortianlsod, Salisbury is displeased with i'nrkos. bnryrCfl' ',uw®vor» '® t6splcnscd witli Sails- lolb ' Chines© Ambassador is rilodwlUi swiftcru! ,lonil,y ndT'C(» England to build General Willonghby, oxpolled roeontly from Madagascar, claims XW.iKX) iudomnity. Franco and Hnngnry |>osscks only a bowing acquaintance with racb othor. Stanley's expedition is reported alivo. Australian apples not favoured in London. £1018 10s wo siihxcribfld for tlto Currintr- ton CoitValcBcciit HospiRtl last night. Tbo iN.Z. Protuler muds his lluanuial stato raent last night. Twcnty-nino more Chinoso landod lost night. A nntnbcr ol flro brigades Tisited Nowcastlo last ovoning. John Graco oxoootod at Armtdalo yeator- day for tbo murder of n man at lIUIgroTO mines. Tho body of a man who went fishing won flabed ont of tho river at Breakfast Crook (Hriebano) yoatcrday. Abraham Btrcot is standing his trial in Bryiliano on numerous charges of embostlv. meat. Captain Pcarn, of tho barquonlino Loobtol, reports having scon a vussol of about 700 tous bottom upwards, off tbo Qaoonaland A postal oflloial naraod Butler was severely mjnrcd by a fall out of u tram in Brisbane yesterday. Abraham Street, of Brlebano, is standing hit trial on a ehargo of erabczriing soma of money from Hornet and Co., his otnpluysr. Tbadtfalcutions, it is alleged, amount to Tbo Land Conferanca has agreed that it would bu unwise for tbo I<ogUlatnro to im- iwe a laud tax until a proteativo tariff ban been in force. Tbo Union Co. havo boon refused permis sion by tbo Now Zealand Government to land Cbinueo in Now Zealand, A Ministerial announcement regarding the now railway projwuals will bouudo la the AsseBibly this uvvulng. Iktrkes says tbo world knows nothing of Us greatest men. Tbo universe knows a lot alwut Parke. Tho Tintinallopy experiments on rabbits aio at out thu let yet shown. Tliu rabbit pest first started In tho malles country of Victoria. New railway time-tables Sunday nest. I'arkes cays that twonty.two yoars ago there was only ono nnrao lu 8ydney lloipitvl. and ber name wot Mrs. Ghost. Sir 'Kary 1. fond of gbonls. lAUidou Chamber of Cotnmerco in favour ul - wur, anil mercliaut vessels co- ojMirutiug for dufi-nce pnriHiets. General Sheridan, Commnndor-ic-Chlof ol tho United States army, is reported to bi> dying. Garrott promisoa to introduce tlio Paymont of Members Hill as soon as posslblo. Uelbonrno Trades llsll Council euggostw that the colonies uhould send detegato, who would sgrco to a common tariff, to tho Inter colonial Froe-trado Conferenoo. Slolbonrno Trades Kail Coauoil suggests that sll Australian produotu shoald be nn- taxed in Anstralw. Agnes (Iroen was yesterday sontoneod to nno hour's itnprlsonmeut for concontmont of birtb, Thero am W>I2 alioriglnals in tho colony, besides 7UV2 half-oaites. H-M.B. Haven returned from Noumea this rooming. The Intercolonial Confercnco ou Chows commences in Sydney on Juno 12. Mr. A. II. M'Cnllocb. jun., strnok off tbo roll of solicitors by tbo Full Court. Hoary Navb shot himself at GronfoUyoi- terday. 