®ftc Mlti&wt; ëmnw WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER SS, 1SSS, Tuf annual English Church Congress, which seems now to be in established function of the Established Church, was held in Manchester this year and terminated its sittings on the 5 th October Dr Webber, the Bishop of Brisbane seems to have been a regtil ir attend mt though it doesnot appear that he contributed to the papers or debates As at congresses m general many and various matters were discussed The catalogue of 'many things which the Walrus proposed to the Carpenter were, in variety, nothing to the subjects introduced it the congress Mr Balfour, the It ish Chief Secretary, read a remarkable paper on tlie relative virtues (if we may so speak) of religion and agnosticism Cremation was also essayed and debated The growing infidelity of the age, Church penante, the episcopate, and sundry other subjects were treited in the usual fashion But perhaps the most heterodox bombshell of all was thrown by Archdeacon Farrar, who in a paper on "Eternal Punishment made many of the old high flyers of ortho doxy, in colonial parlance, ' sit up" The Archdeacon the report says, " repu diated with all the force of his conviction what was until a few years ago a general and orthodox idea of eternal punishment, which was dishonourable to the view whieh God had given of Himself, subversive of tho full blessed salvation, fundamentally opposed to their unsophisticated ideas of justice, as well as of mercy, and abhorrent to the natuial reason and consciousness of man kind For himself, the one text, ' God is love, was sufficient to disprove the doctrine of endless torment When he offered up a prayer that God might have merey upon all men, he did not think that he was offering a hopeless and impossible petition, inconsis tent with Gods justice, ot beyond the power of the mere) which triumphed over justice These sentiments met with cheers from a large section of the congress Another clergyman, a well known writer on classi cal subjects-a gentleman, bj the way, who, like sjine others, assumes a baronetcy not to be foun 1 in Burke and which Fos ter alleges to have become extinct-the Kev "Su Geoige W Lox suppottel Archdeacon Tnrrai, sajing -"Half a con tury &¿o thev woul I h ive been told gltbl y and summarily that death was for man the limit of divine mercy, and that all who died without repentance would be sentenced after judgment to inconceivible and endless agonies J hi ha I et tpedtl uti di cat The beliefs now or lately previlent with reference to the bo called ' last things weie plunly contiadicted bj the language of the greatest and most lllusttiotis teichers of Christendom from the eailtest ages He was of opinion that the eschatological mattet in the epistles of J tide and Petei II, tho imagery of the Apocalypse on tlie sub ect of last things and tlie matter of the dis ouises in Matthew 21 md 2r>, weie derived from the Book of Fnoch, md, therefore, tint these discourses weie not littered as given, in I pi obi! I / not iitlat lut all that no distinction could be di awn be twien one set of diseouiaes in the Gospels and any othti , that is some discourses in the first Gospul were not utteied as they have come down to us, and were perhaps not uttereil at all, discourses in tlie other Gospels might bo in the samo case ; and that such (/¡testions must be settled accord liff to the evidence at command, and not iii/ appeals to tim authority of the booh in which they were found, such appualx in- | vo/viiiff a tyranny which had become in- tolerable, mid which must be fotic/ht against until it iras utterly put down." And another parson, the Itov, W. F. Hobson, followed, maintaining thatthere was nothing in the Scriptures " to teach that the souI of man was absolutely immortal "-at all of which, we doubt not, many of the pious will opeu their eyes and lament. We have no intention of examining or j discussing this subject in a controversial fashion, but wo are of opinion that it is a departure which will be acceptable to all intelligent persons, who will welcome tho dethronement of a doctrine, ancient but not elevating. It is a doctrine that certainly hag not of lato centuries visibly aftecteil the conduct of mankind. " It is often said,'' wrote Mr. Winwood Reade "that if the fears of hell-fire were suddenly removed, men would abandon themselves without restraint to their propensities and appetites ; but I believe that the fears of it have scarcely any power upon earth at all, and, that when they do act upon the human mind it is to make it pious, not to make it good. A metaphysical theory cannot restrain the fury of the passions." The question of eternal punish- ment is in effect the qustion of hell-fire, anti the discarding of the belief of one is the discarding of the belief in the other. And the other-we will not shock " ears polite" by repeating the word-if, in the judgment of sensible men, no more than a metaphysical theory. Looking at it from an historical and literary point of view, the progress of the theory is interesting. The aucient Greeks and Romans had their Sisyphus ; but Prometheus, on the other hand, was delivered from lita punishments. Eternal punishment wa» the creation of Christianity, and yet the place and nature of the punish- ment has never been agreed upon. The locality was fixed in the centre of the earth by some, but many, like Matthew Arnold, declined to believe in a place " the latitude and longitude of which was not deter- mined." Some of the older writers dealt largely in fire and brimstone, and from certain passages in the Scriptures the locality was fixed beneath the seat or in a lake, but the Eastern and Western Churches could never agree whether the endless punishment was a material fire or not, and the Council of Florence left the matter undecided, for obvious reasons. Amongst the Fathers, Origen stands boldly out as one who rejected the abominable doctrine of eternal punish- ment. To him the fire was purgatorial, and when the spirits were cleansed the punish- ment ceased. The duration of punishment was proportioned to tho guilt of the in- dividual, and even for the devils themselves it would cease sooner or later. But Origen's doctrine-the apocatastisis of the early writers-was condemned by the Second Council of Constantinople, and until Farrar and the soi disant " Sir " George Cox spoke out at the late congress, the eternity of punishment has been generally accepted as a dogma of the Church. The puerilities and absurdities to which belief in and acceptance of the doctrine have led commentators are amazing to read in this nineteenth century. "It is the fancy of Cornelius a Lapide," wrote .Jeremy Taylor, " that the souls of the damned shall be rolled up in bundles like heaped and involved circle of snakes, and in hell shall sink down like a stone into the bottomless pit, falling still downward for ever and ever." But Cornelius was pro- bably not aware the earth was a sphere and that a bottomless pit was an impossibility. Indeed, to such an extent did the belief run, that Hecla and Etna, and all known volcanoes, were regarded as the mouths of hell ; and at Hecla " the ghosts' of dead men are familiarly seen, and sometimes they talk with the living." At Hecklebirg in Nor- way, another volcano, it was credibly re- ported that "lamentable screeehings and howlings are continually heard, which strike a terror to the auditors ; fiery chariots are commonly seen to bring in the souls of men in the likeness of crows, and devils ordinarily go in and out." A commentator called Lessius was able to give the locality and the very dimensions of the place. " It is," said he, " just one Dutch mile in diameter, all filled with fire and brimstone, and that space, cubically multiplied, will make ¡i sphere able to hold eight huudred thousand millions of damned bodies, allowing each body six square feet" -all of which are curious, to say the least, to a reader or even believer of to- day. The doctrine is one which has caused, in all ages, a revulsion of fooling even in those pious minds which felt themselves com- pelled, because it was deemed to be Scrip- tural, to believe implicitly ia it. Dr. Watts, in the preface to his " Discourse on the World to Come," says, " Were I to pursue my inquiries into the doctrine of everlasting punishment, only by the lights of nature and reason, T fear my natural tenderness might warp me aside from the rules and demands of atrict justice ; but as I confine myself almost entirely to the revelation of Scripture in all my researches into things of revealed religion and Christianity, I am constrained to forget or lay aside that softness and tenderness of animal nature which might lead me astray." And I he goes on, against his better nature, to pro I claim his belief in the " everlasting dark- ness" and the " lake of fire and brimstone." There never was a sadder or more pathetic position for a good man to have to occupy. To him and many such as he, the Rephaim, or shades, of the Jewish theogony, the Hades of the Romans, the Tartarus of the Greeks, were a preferable article of their creed. But though doubtless many devout Churclimou will join in a certain Dr. Ran- dal's " solemn protest" at the Church con- gress against the " soul-destroying heresies" of Archdeacon Parrar and the Rev. " Sir" George Cox, and like him " hold the old faith" rather than what hi? called " the crude theories of modern assurance," we think the world is rapidly growing out of the hor- rible doctrine that is repulsive to the exalted ideas of divine mercy and goodness which are the basis of Christianity. The opinions of these two clergymen, both men of great attainments, intelligence, andliterary culture, will doubtless arouse the fierce spirit of the Randals, and they will be denounced as Colenso was denounced, as traitors, wolves in the tlocl, ind so foi th Thi re will be alwaj s those who-to quote a passait, fiom Matthew Arnold, who like I arrai, hid no sympithy with such a ctuel cieed " ( an st ind by tho Sea of lime, and instead of listening to the solemn ind rhythmical beat of its w ives, choose to till the in with ones own whoopinDrs lum is ag ungi the Bandais, and the doctime of etei ii,il,oriathei everlasting, punishment isiapidly careering to the limbo of ihildish superstitions and degriding beliefs In ictifi, I itmde dei tint nattait, ti «t noa la eliott ijitt ijuand j/ le* 1 on, vv tote Pise ii " of a ti nth the vv orld is getting mistrustful and does not behove things unless tlttv ire evident to it ' The woild's mistrust of dogmas has grown 1 vpidly, and it is something to see that Fan u md Cox aio not amongst those who lemiin silent though they mistrust The Athanasian Cieed-at best mcotuprt hensible--will drop out of the Chmch services as the playera foi the " Llessed Martyr, Charles I, have dropped, and the belief tint "the} that have done evil shall go into evei lasting fire will happily be come a weed of tho past-" an evil dream, as Cox described it "Within th» last week or two no less than fiveoutnges by natives have been reported from the South Seas-thiee tint may be regarded as on the New Guinea coast, and two m islands fieipiented by labour schooners With the outrages on the New Guinea coast it is not our intention to deal Dr Macgregot, the new Governor, is an energetic man with full and responsible powers Having an intimate acquaintance with the nature md habits of Polynesian races, he will no doubt take the necessar} steps to prevent a recurrence of those mas sacres which have already stained ti»© coast of British New Gumta with blood from the Fly River to East Cape With íegard to the other two murderous attacks-the attack on the boat» of the Helena schooner, oft Anibrym Island, and the ambuscade laid for those of the Eliza Mary at Paatui Island, the natives in each case appear to have been the aggressors and to have had no adequate cause for their wanton aud treacherous attacks The attack at Sai, Ambrym Island, through which one man lost his life and another was so seriously injured that he is not expected to recover, was du!} reported to Admiral Fairfax, who with U.M.S Oalbope happened to be in the vicinity, but he declined to take any action The case of the Eliza Mary will have to be xnves "gated and dealt with by the same autho nt), and the result may be anticipated. Beyond a tine of a few pig«, and perhaps the cutting down of a doren cocoanut palms even if io much " punishment" is exacted the natives will probably be left unmolested. The two boats of the Eliza Mary, by a treacherous and wily stratagem, were in- veigled after dusk into a deadly ambuscade, from which, almost by a miracle, they escaped in the darkness with only one man (Mr Cecil, the Government agent) severely wounded, although others of the two boats crews had narrow escapes It should be remembered that these are no innocent, con tiding natives, ignorant of the use of fire arms, and attacking the white men under the impression that they are fighting in de fence of then lives and liberties They are men who have been accustomed to the °ight of, and to ti ade with, Europeans for many years past, numbers of them, too have been employed on Queensland sugar plantations, or by traders in various islands of the South Pacific They are numerous, treacherous, bloodthirsty by nature, and well armed with rifles and ammunition They know perfectly well what they are doing when maktng these wanton attacks, and it is to be presumed that they are also aware that they are attacking vessels sailing under the British flag We hear of few attacks on Irench or German traders, the latter of whom are said to out number the English in these seas, and tf by any chance a vessel sailing under either of those is fired upon speedy and certain ven geanee is sure to follow Indiscriminate ! slaughter of the natives by the cannon of a w irslnp is to be deprecated, but the lives ot our fellow subjects who earn a precarious livelihood in these dangerous seas should be afforded at least the same protection as that accorded to the lives of traders of othei nations The natives themselves are vigorously protected by Gieat Btitain, and any outrage on them, at any rate of late years, has always been punished The whole system of black labour may be objectionable in the highest degiee, but while it is still legal and carried out in conformity with Government regulations the lives of those engaged in it should be defended in the same manner as those of British subjects in other parts of the woild Lut perhaps the feature of the late out rages in the South Sea Islands, apart from those on the New Guinea coast, that calls for the most serious consideration is the | possession of firearms by the natives With t heir natural instincts for blood, and the tpparent immunity from retaliation en joyed by a min who can tike deliberate aim at another from behind a tree or a rock with a rifle, the possession of one of these death dealing weapons is quite sufficient inducement to prompt a native to take a quiet shot at a white man, more especially when the chances of any punishment at all ippear, and with reason, to be so proble ni ittcal Especially is this the case at launa and other islands in that neighbour hood, when frequently boats aie wantonlj hied on is they skirt the coast foi no appa rent reason at all At one time, as is well kuown, it used to be the habit of all traders, English and Australian as well as those of other nations, to supply the natives m the way of barter with old muskets-ti ade musl ets- powder, and bags of bullets, but these muskets would hardly hit i h tystack at twenty yards, and indeed weit moie dan- gerous to their possessots th m to the peison atmcl al Now, however, thiough constant intet ourse with the whites, the natives aro fully alive to the quality of lueainis, and va ill tal e nothing mfei tor to a Snider caí bine which carnes a large md heavy bullet and is fairly accurate up to foui bundled janis Tradeis under the Fnghsh Hag have been foi some time i lohibited from trafficking either in firearms or li pior with the ¡south Sei Islanders, and the îegulations aie stiictly enfoiced by both the Impetial and colonial authorities, but the tiaders of otho nation« appeal to labour undtr no such disabilities The natives of Anibryni, Eiiomanga, Pa una, T inna, and m my othei South Sea Islands ne supplied with plenty of Muders and abundance of ammunition, md they freely state that they have no dillicultj in obtaining them from Geinian and I rent h tiaders- especially the latter lins is a ti lfltc that should be instantly stopped its dangers ai e ippareiit to ill, its deiuoialising elhctg obvious and even if the nntives aie not to be punched fpr outia_,es already committed, at all events m agreement should b come to betv> een the I'ntish, Trench, Geinian, American, and Dutch Governments whereby the barter of lueainis in the South Pacific shall be instantly stopped Some two years ago attention was directed in our columns to the insanitary condition of the cells in the Brisbane lockup in Eliza- beth-street. And little more that twelve months ago the Gaols Commission reported that "all the conditions of situation were such as to render the cells dark, ill-ventilated, and oppressive;" " that there were no windows or gratings to the open air;" "that the only light came from gas jets which were kept burning day and night;" and "that the stench in the cells was powerful, the atmosphere heated, heavy, aud poisonous." Since then no improvements have been made upon the cells and yet it seems that a practice is creeping in on the part of some olllcial of converting oue or other of these black unwholesome dens into an hospital heaven save the mark ! That a sick man, no matter who or what he might be, should in the close oppressively hot weather experienced during the past few days be confined there passes comprehension, and the matter should be made the subject of im- mediate inquiry by the Colonial Secretary. It appears that on Monday a man named Walter Pilling went into the bar of an hotel in Queen-street, and after partaking of a glass of whisky, took a small phial of laudanum from his pocket and drank its contents. The barmaid, who picked up the phial and saw it labelled " Laudanum," with commendable promptitude communicated with the police, and Pilling was conveyed to the watchbouse. There the victim of what, no doubt, was homicidal mania was seen in due course by the police surgeon, who ordered him to be placed in one of the cells of our Brisbane Tophet. Why the poor victim of his own folly was not at once ordered to the hospital has not transpired. But human life-even the life of a would-be suicide-ought not to be thus tampered with. To order a man in a comatose state to a watchhouse cell-these cells being as they are, and the temperature being such as it is-can only be justified by imperious necessity. Pilling was as a matter of fact so weak, and appeared in such a dan- gerous condition to the watchhouse-keeper, that the latter drew the attention of Sub- inspector Durham, who was on duty, to his state. Mr. Durham humanely took it upon himself to order Pilling's removal from the noisome cell to the hospital, where he was examined hy the house-surgeon and detained for treatment. Report has it that the police surgeon is very wrath at what he deems to be an infringement upon his official position, and that on a representation of his grievance to the Commissioner of Police the latter bravely informed the irate surgeon that he would not have the lockup cells transformed into an hospital. It must be made clear that here in Queensland we cannot have human lives endangered while questions of professional etiquette are being solved ; and that the insanitary cells, which of themselves are a punishment to even the worst and most persistent inebriate, must not be constituted a species of Black Hole of Calcutta for the treatment of diseased police patients. Mr. E. Deighton, Under Secretary for Junes and Works, had a long interview yester day morning with the political head of the department. It has transpired that Mr. Deighton asked permission to retire on his pension, and though he has not yet attained tho age when he could claim to retire under the Civil Service Act, the Minister granted his request. Mr. Deighton, in claiming his pension, is only entitled to be paid on the twenty-eight years he has served under the Queensland Government, his term of office under the New South Wales Government prior to separation not being taken into considera- tion. The tender of John S. Bell, of South Bris- bane, has been accepted for the supply of hard- wood and pino for the Normanton Railway station buildings at schedule prices. In reference to the tenders whioh are being called for 23,000ft. of deep boring for artesian water, the following are the localities where the hores are to bo :-No. 1 contract : 1G0 miles west from Hughenden, on tho Hughenden to Cloncurry-road ; a second is to bo a little north- west irom the township of M'lunlay, and the third on the Boulia to Cloncurry-road, about GO miles north of Boulia. No. 2 contract : North Rockhampton, Emerald, and Isisford. [ No. 3 contraot : Muckadilla and Charleville. No. 4 contract : Thargomindah and Hunger- ford. The agreement between the Breakfast Creok Bridge Board und the Government, bearing on tho points in dispute about tho bridge in course of erection, and on which the Hon. J. Thorneloe Smith is to act as arbitrator, has been signed by the mombers of the board and by the Minitel for Works. The lion. J. Thorneloe Smith will return from Toowoomba this morning. Mr. W. Robertson, privato secretary to Sit T. M'Hwraith, has been appointed secretary te tho commission appointed to inquire into the sugar industry and tropical agriculture. Tho B.I.S.N. Company's supplementary steamer Lindula, from London ein ports arrived in Hervey Bay yesterday morning, and is ex- pected in Brisbane to- morrow morning. She will disehargo at Messrs. Gibba, Bright, and Co.'s wharf, Kangaroo Point. It -was stated some time ago that the Undula had 4300 tons of general cargo for Queensland ports. There nppears, however, to have been au error in the cable message conveying this intelligence, as Messrs. Gray Dawes's letter to the B.I. and Q.A. Company on the subject shows that tie quantity was 4G62 tons, which is by far tie largest yet brought out to Queensland in one bottom. It was for distribution as follows ? 3091 tons for Brisbane, 290 tons for Mary- borough, 308 tons for Rockhampton, COO tom for Towns ville, 122 tons for Cooktown, 130 tous for Thursday Island and Normanton, and the balance for Cairns, Port Douglas, Mackay, and Bundaberg. Tn addition to the above tie Lindula took on board 70 tons of dried fruits st Port Said. A meeting was held in the School of Arts, Sandgute, last night for tho purpose of ar- ranging for the regatta on New Year's Day. TlioHou. 13. B. Foi rest ocouplod the chair, aud there was a fair attendance. The late secre- tary, Mr. Jaggar, announced that there was a credit balance of £14 10s. fid. The following oftieers were elected:-Patrons, Sir A. H. Palmer, Sir S. W. Griffith, Sir T. M'llwraitl, Messrs. Gannon and Agnew, MM.L.A., and Mr. H. Wakefield: president, Mr. E. R. Drury ; vice-presidents, Messrs. A. Mattheiis, W. T. Blakonoy, G. W. Gray, E. B. Southerden, W. Street, D. L. Brown, X. Corrigan, Jf. Hunter, and Dr. Paul; joiut secretaries, Messrs. J. Jaggar and T. Shackell ; treasurer, T. Holmes ; com- mittee, Mows. ,T. Baxter, H. Marslnil!, It. Earle, E. B. Forrest, G. Bott, T. Coward, J. C. Beal, S. J. Beal, W. H. Barham, h. Drouyn, J. Welsby, H. Bliss, G. Beal, J. Darragh, D. Collins, E. Hale, D. T. Wood, W. Mayne, J. Deazeley, R. Raymond, and D. V. Child». It was decided that a flagship should bo moored oft tho point of Cabbage-tree Creek, and that the programme should include a yacht race, raoos for 22 and lS-footors, and a raeofor flat-bottomed square-ended punts not exceeding ISft., to take place in the creek. A meeting of the Grand Aquatic CarniTal Committee will be held at the Australian Hotel to-night at 8 o'olock for the purpose of com- pleting tho arrangements for the approaching carnival. Boach will probably leave Sydney by -train on Thursday, and arrive here or Saturday morning along with the other com- petitors. There was a very large attendance at the meet ingof tho FreeMethodist GidldonMondaynight. After the questions, whioh ranged from the Chinaman's title "John" toan " Emigrant'* experiences," had been answored, a company of young people gave a dialogue in a spirited manner, entitled " How to Tame a Dion." A draughts tournament was arranged for, and after somo time spent in amusements the president closed the meeting in the usual manner. Yabba and Daybreak were scratched for the Merchants' Cup after declaration of weights. The monthly concert in connection with the choir of St. John's pro-Cathedral was gireu in the sehoolroom, George-street, last eveningin the presence of a large audience. The choir, under tlie leadership of Mr. Seymour Dicker, who also presided at the piano, rendered the good old-fashioned madrigals "Now is the month of maying," and "My bonnie lass she smiletb." Master Stanley Hobson contributed a pianoforto solo, and Mr. Buukridgo sang "Rose Marie," and took part in the duet, "Autumn Song" with Mr. Dicker. Arch- deacon Glennie gave " The Sea" in fine style, and in response to an encore repeated the last verse. Mr. A. E. Kerley and Mr. H. F. Wil- kins contributed solos, and the choir rendered a part song and the chorus " On the March.' A man named Alfred Edwards, aged Di, residing at Mrs. Neilson*«, at the corner ot Raff and Ann streets, died suddenly at half past 8 o'clock on Monday evening. It appear« the deceased ate a hearty breakfast ia the morning, but complained of being unwell during the dav. He, however, refused to aUow a doctor to be sent for. In the evening just before he expired Dr. O'Doherty was called in, but could do nothing for him, »net refused to give a certificate of death. A/><».' Mortem examination was held yesterday bj Drs. Lyons and O'Doherty, who found that the cause of death was inflammation of the rig111 lung. Tho deceased had a shooting gallery, coffee stall, and weighing machine at the cornet of Queen and Wharf streets. He hal ne relations in this colony, but is believed to bav a roster in Melbourne. With reference to the recently reportid dis ooverr of oavable irold on St. John's Cree«. ?Warden Craven wires to the Mines Department from Eidsvold stating that the new find is at the head of the creek named, and is situated on lhe resumed portion of Boogal ran The warden will proclaim the usual lntenm gold- field m those cases of half a mile square m order to provide for the better working of the claims, as there are many jumping caBes which will have to be heard on the ground Mr Craven also states that another claim has recently crushed 8 tons for 9o7 gold, and that he will lay °it the claims this week A sale of purebred Jersey cattle was held vesterdaj at Messrs Warby and Co 's yards 1 y Messrs S Macgregor and Co The cattle are from the herds of Mx Dunstan and tlie Rev Ralph Brown, of \ letona The sale was satisfactory as to prices The highest figure realised was "37 gumeas, for Miss Chtssham, a silver gray heifer calved in July 18SG, and by \doms (imported) Several wen sold at prices ranging from 20 to o0 guineas each Tlie dark brown bull Balwm, bred from imported 6tock on both sides reahsed 28 guineas A man named Pilling, who was supposed to have attempted suicide on Mouday by taking laudanum, was for some time confined in the police cells and examined by Dr. Kesteven, who ordered him to be left in the cell. The well-known lack of ventilation in the cells and the unpleasant odours arising there, had a had effect on the unfortunate sufferer, who appeared to be in a very low state. The watohhouse-keeper drew Sub-inspector Dur- ham's attention to the condition of Pilling, and Mr Durham, after full consideration, ordered the man's removal to the General Hos- pital, where he was examined by Dr. Hare and detained for treatment. Dr. Kesteven has resented very strongly what he deems an in- fringement upon his official position and his professional honour, but the Commissioner for police retorts that he is not going to have a hospital made of the Police Court cells even at the wish of Dr. Kesteven. The whole matter has been referred to tho Colonial Sooretary. HMS Rapid, whioh has just arrived m Brisbane, is returning to Sydney from a cruise among the New Hebrides and Solomon Islands She will lesumo her voyage earl) this morning, having replomsht d her supply of coals She left Sydnej on the 2ith August for ïvoumea, where she arnved on the 7th September and left agam on the 2nd October, cimsing round tho 3\ew Hebrides She picked up Bishop Selwyn at Oana on ti e 9th October and took lum to Mota and baek again to (J ann where the Bishop disembarked The Rapi 1 then went on to Santa Cru?, where she arrived on the 13th of October lrom theie sha went to the Solomon Islands, touching at Lngi and Shark's Bay lrom the latter placo ühe went to Malara Harbour, arriving thereon the 17th Here inquiries were instituted as to tno murder of Mr Bevan, the Government agent, but the result was anything but satisfactory As soon as the war vessel hove in Bight the natives as usual took to the bush, and it was found impossible to follow thom The Rapid left again on the 1 th October and afterwards stayed two days at Tieaaury Island From there she went to Dinner Island and then toPort Moresby, from which port she started on her homeward voyage The cruise has been an uneventful one The steamer Iit?ioy, which left on Tuesday afternoon for ¡sydney, took l8 000o/ of gold, U,000oz being from the Croydon and uOOOo/ from Charters Towers l>e learn by telegram from Sydney that notwithstanding the fire in the ixeiing Ami otb.ee last Saturday night, the issue of tho Jil stratnt St/rfitey V<s due for publication on Thursday next will appeal as usual The | Christmas issue w ill be a Ph emx number Though all the blocks and stories were destroyed by the fire, the Christmas number will 1 b pnblishtd as announced A Chinese cabinetmaker named Chun Cet, who resided with Long Wai, at the < orner of Annand Wiekham streets, died ouMonday while being conveyed to the hospital bj three of his countrymen It appiars the deceased had been admg some time, and had been attended a few days prior to his death by l)r Byrne, who ordered bis removal to the hospital Dr Bj rae examined the body at the hospital and gave a certificate that death resulted from phthisis When his Honour Mr Justice Harding took his seat upon the bench yesterday m ming the foreman of the jury in the esse of the LanB downe Pastoral Company and another against Benjamin Raynor drew tho utteution of tho ludgo to the fact that this was the fifth day of the trial, and muda appheati u that their fees should be increased from the fourth day beyond what the law ordinarily allowed for each of the fust three days His Honour asked the loreman if ttie jury would be content with three guineas a day, beginning with the fourth da) Tlie fore- man, after a brief consultation with bia col- leagues, addressing the Judge, said, " I think we will take what your Honour proposes " His Honour replied, "Very well, gentleman, ti en you will git three guineas a day " Up till a late hour last night the following cases had been taken at the watchhouse for hearing at the City Police Court this morning -Drunkenness, 2 James Baker, indecent assault on one Margaret Morley, Walter Pilling, proteotion James Foley, disorderly conduct, assault on Constable Kiernan and destruction of his uniform Chas Fischer, attempt to rescue a prisoner and assault on Constable Kiernan Lillie Keane, assault on Constable Kiernan Grace M'Mullen and Mary Honan, attempt to rescue a prisoner from ConBtabl« Kiernan The following remand casos will be continued -Isaac Abrahams, receiving a quantity of stolen tweed, and Dan Davis, larxeny of the same Patnck TiV right, larceny of a watch and chain and Wm Madden, drunkenness Constable Kiernan was the victim of a brutal assault about noon vesterdav While arresting a man named Foley for disorderly conduct in Albert street he was set upon by three women and two men, who endeavoured to rescue the prisoner, and m doing so kicked and struck the constable in a savage manner Word having been conveyed to the barracks, several constables were sent down to the assistance of their comrade Kiernan, who was very much bruised and cut about tlie face, was also lame from the kicks he had received, and required Medical attention The three women and two of the men were arrested, and will appear at the City Police Court to-day Mr Pinnock mentioned at hie City Police Court yesterday that an unfortunate fellow whe was honest and had been sick had como to him lately seeking for employment He had tome to his last shilling, and if somebody would wme forward and give him employment that would be something done He also stated that Mr Colclough had given employment to two if the men who had previously come to him for work àenior-constable Power wires to the Com. miisioner for Police from Boulia, under Mon **T s date, thus -." Mrs Smith, wife of S'plen Smith, hoensee of the Royal Hotel, Çnulia, died jeoterday at her residence after eight hours* illness An inquiry will he held " Tlio following is s report of the state of the Woogaroo Asylum for the week ending 21th instant -In the house at hut report, 4 57 males, i* 'truales, since admitted, 1 male, 1 female, cud at-ged, 2 males, died, 2 male«, 1 female, remaiumg, 454 males, 3o0 females. total, 800 Died on 18th instant, one male, ot amenda, lathe 19th iaitaut, 1 f«ouïe, of epilepsy, and on 23rd instant, 1 male, of exhaustion from mania. The medical superintendent acknow- ledges with thanks the receipt of parcels of newspapers from Mrs. Ayscough and Mrs. Morrow, Brisbane, for the patients at Goodna ; and from Mr. Cook, Ipswich, for the patients at Sandy Gallop. Through tho courtesy of Mr. C. D. Musson we have had an opportunity of inspecting a grand young Shorthorn bull landed from the Victoria yesterday, and personally selected hy Mr. T. de Murray-Prior from the Hon. W. M'Culloch's Glenroy herd, Victoria. The bull is sixteen mouths old, a light roan, and is named Lord Oxford Blanche loth. He is by Grand Duke of Oxford 4th from Oxford Blanche 3rd, by Berkeley Duke of Oxford. Grand Duke of Oxford 4th is a son of Mr. M'Culloch's stud aire Duke of t'nderley oth, bred by Earl Bective. This fine sire, though now 10 years old, still preserves his symmetrical outlines, and shows a robustness and vigour that would attract attention in many a younger animal. His son, the siro of Mr. Prior's bull, is from the imported cow Grand Duchess of Oxford 2Jnd, bought "by Mr. M'Culloch at Holker in 1ST8 for £22.50. The dam of the bull is hy the renowned Duke of Connaught (33,004), held to be the finest specimen of n Shorthorn bred in modern times. He and all his stock have been remarkable for jrreat wealth of flesh. The third dam of the hull, O.B.'s Justicia, is from Colonel Townoley' s celebrated Butterflies. Mr. Prior's bull therefore comos of tho lines of celebrated pri/e-takers, and in addition to in- herited massiveness of flesh shows nothing approaching coarseness in any of lus points, and withal is of a very masculine appearance. Queensland will be a distinct gainpr by the importation of this bull. Tho animal will be located at Corbett's stables, Adelaide-street, for the present. The following extract from a Brisbane letter to the "Insurance and Banking Record" refers to the dispute in connection with the Queens- land Investment and Land Mortgage Com- pany:-"The following paragraph is taken from the Brisbane Courier of the 20th Octobor : We are informed that some time ago the local directors of the Queensland Investment and Land Mortgage Company, Limited, ten- dered their resignations to tho London hoard. The general manager of the company, Mr. R. E. Finlay, having arrived from London, has now relieved these gentlemen of their duties, and the business will be carried on us usual pending other arrangements. Mr. Andrew Bogle, who has been in the company's service its secretary since the commencement of its business, has been appointed manager in Bris- bane. This announcement has not come alto- gether unexpectedly. For a considerable time past it has been a subject of comment that a company having such large ramifications in the colony should he managed by the directors of the Queensland National Bank, Limited, and have its office within. All this is to be changed. Not only are the directors withdrawn, but the office is to bo opened in new premises, and the bank account, hitherto kept at the Queensland National Bank-, is to bo removed to the Com- mercial Banking Company of Sydney. These changes are made with the view of extending the already large operations of the company, which, with a subscribed capital of £1,750,000 and a substantial reserve fund, is in a position to transact a very large business in Queens- land." The emulation question, winch 1ms been exciting no much attention ot late in tho 1 ng hsh Press of this colonv has also (says the China Mail) attracted tho attention of tho native Press A short time ago a leidor ap- peared m tile columns of the C/muse M ti!, m which it is stated that the lodging-houses for emigrants haio become tho soune of a very great evil m Hoi gkong It alleges that their number has largely mcreased, and that they art imdoi no lontrol whatever, though it is notorious that thev are used for forcibly detaining j ooplf who do not wibIi to emigrate It suggests Hint the keeperB of them should bo made to tal e out licences, and that tho new law as to over-crowdmg should bo stuctly enfi reed v, ith regai d to them It concludes as follows - " Hongkong is a dependuioy of Great Britain, in winch eiervi ne should eujov perfect hbeity But ii one ian be depiiitd of Ins hbeity b\ being imprisoned and caged ni an emigration house, is n it this diroilli cmtrary to the law of the colony There haio boon ninnv < asos in whuli clear evidence of the abtisea existid cr u neeted with thehe houspi It is t j be ugritted that a severe punishm nt vvus not inflicted in the case whore a mun wau beaten to death, as the abusos hait bei orno more fliiiriant and the keepeis of the houses mote audacious than ever May thone intrusted with the Government of the people devise somi means to rtinovt these abuses '" 