Wkt I tmttt. Adelaide : Monday, May 14, 1888. OUR COLONIAL DEFENCES. It would be a fatal mistake to believe -with the prophets who are raying ' Peace ! peace !' that the danger cf a great Euro pean war is remote. All the Blgns of the times are waminga of the near approach of the inevitable conflagration. Germany, Austriaj and France have increased their armies; the Italian navy is collected in the Mediterranean; Russia, besides stir ring up strife in the Balkan provinces and in AfgTiftpjflfoTij Ia massing troops on the Hungarian frontier and in Atria Minor; Turkey is forming an immense military camp 30 miles from Constantinople — obviously for the defence of that city ; and even Great Britain, most dilatory of Great Powers, is providing for re-arming her troops, for the mobilization of two army corps and the establishment of a third) and for the better protection of her ports. What steps are we in Australia taking to meet possible con tingencies 7 For we must not shut our eyes to the fact that any war which threatens the mother country threatens also her colonies. Are we setting our house in order ? If not, we should pro ceed with the work at once. Wa must not be satisfied with the protection of our coaet line by the Pacific squadron, for ibis wi)l have enough to do in rejlsting the attacks of foreign cruisers. Even for this work it is adrrUtedly inadequate. The great strength, of the Russian fleet in close proximity to Australian shore3, whose officers have personal acquaintance with the waek points in our plan of da fence, is a standing menace to us, aud this, be it remembered, is the fleet of one Power only. France and Germany can command tb.8 employment of improvised worships in the vessels of the subsidized Messageiles Maritime 3 and Nord Deutcher Lloyd Companies, to Bay nothing of any special eiFoita that they may make. True, we might hope to more nearly equalize matters if we had the Auxiliary Squadron at our command, but it is not likely that the enemies of the Empire would oblige us by waiting until these vessels came out before they began hostilities. The spirit of politeness which is alleged to have prompted a British regiment to say, ' Gentlemen of the French Guard fire first,' brs gone from the world without leaving a ghost behind ; now it is ' God on the side of the biggest battalions who take advantage of their strength and op portunities,' and he who strikes first is likely to strike best. It is the height of folly for us to devote so small a share of attention to our naval defence. Whh proper gunboats and an adequate torpedo service, we might hope to give a good account of any cruisers likely to visit us, but we have not these safeguards now, and they cannot be provided at a moment's notice. Our present naval defence failing, as it muEt almost inevitably fail, the question arises. How are our land forces prepared to meet attack ? So far as South Aus tralia is concerned, the answer is not encouraging. There are forts at Largs Bay and Glanville, and there will ba a fort at Glenelg. Unfortunate delays have postponed the establishment of this latter means of defence, and although it will be superior in armament to the other forts, that will not be because of its ex ceptional efficiency, but because they are so sadly lacking in the strength of their armaments. Are the authorities con vinced that the guns which it ia in tended to place at Glenelg are of the kind best calculated to serve the purposes of defence ? If not, they should see that the propei* guns are obtained. It is in these timeB no use having a cardboard fort, aimed with popguns, to protect liveB and property against the newest con trivances of destructive science. Oar Permanent Force, well drilled and effi cient though it may be, is 8 null in numbers. Our Militia, with its 850 men, and 1.300 volunteers on paper, are, we fully believe, animated to a man wila the spirit of truest patriotism and Belf sacrifice. But their drills have been reduced in number, their opportunities for improving themselves in musketry practice have been minimized, the supply of ammunition is rigidly circumscribed, and the field guns placed at the disposal of the artillery batteries are out of date and comparatively ineffective. Bcwa and arrowB are interesting weapons; so are boomerangs and waddies; but they are valueless for purposes of modern warfare. We might almost as well send the ladicB and gentlemen of the Archery Club into the field, backing them up by natives, as risk the lives of our volunteers by exposing them with their antiquated means of defence and their imperfect discipline to the fire of trained soldiers armed with the latest European weapons. Of course we all know that the racent comparative neglect of the defence force is due to the bad times through which South Australia has passed. But the times have improved, as we all hope, per manently. Just, then, as the first duty of the man who has been obliged by ad versity to withhold the payment of pre rxituna on Mb life insurance policy is to pay up arrears and make good his rela tions with the Society, so itia the pressing duty ol the colony to make good the de ficiencies which have occurred and to pay particular heed to the insurance of a property which has increased in value. To resign one'B life policy is to lose the premiums, which have already been paid, and it would in like manner be sheer folly on the part of a country to hesitate before applyfpg part of its increased wealth to the protection of the balance and the reparation of defects. Now is a good time for starting. The Defence Force is commanded by an experienced officer, who possesses the implicit confidence of bis men. The disturbed state of Europa points to the absolute neceiaity whlrb exists for the better protection of oui sountry, and, happily, the Increasing prosperity gives ub the power of fulfilling thiB necessity. Ju connection with the naval defenca one or two things are worthy of considera tion. On Tuesday Mr. W. EL Smith gave notice In the House of Commons of i resolution which shored form the basis oi a Bill for the establishment of tha auxiliary Australian Squadron. Thia will be accompanied by the natural proviso that the Australian Colonies pay the!r quota of the cost oE maintenance of the ships and men required. Headers will remember tha satisfactory ela rtity with whioh measures authoring such payment were passed in most of the colonial Parliaments, and on the other hevd they will not have failed ta notice that the signs of the times in Queensland are adverse to the proposal. Much depends on ihe elections now pro* ceeding in that colony. If, as seems probable from our telegrams today, Sit Thomas Mcllwraith, at the head of what ho calls the National party, comes into power with a working majority, Queensland will not contribute to the expense of tha squadron. Unfortunately the converse iff not indisputable, for, even if Sir Samuel Griffith remains at the head of affairs, It Is by no means certain that all the members of his party will share his strong convic tions on the subject. The defection of Queensland would be deplorable indeed, but Btill it need not cause the abandon ment of the plan. It would simply mean that the subscribing colonies would be more heavily taxed, and there is little doubt but that they would ubeerfully make up between themselves the amount which Queensland should have paid. On the day before Mr. Smith tabled this notice in the House of Commons, Mr. Stanhope received a deputation urging upon him the need of taking immediate measures for the pro tection of the British colonies and com merce. The reply of the Secretary for War is most instructive. 'Whilst he told his visitors that there was no ciuse fos panic he also admitted to them the neces sity of strengthening the coaling stations' and their garrisons, and of accelerating the defensive steps promised by tho Government. This 1b precisely the spirit; in which we urge the improvement of one local defences. We need not yield to a panic feeling — but we should look dangec cquarely in the free and guard against it ; we need not despair, even in view of alarming symptoms of war, of the con tinuance of peace — but meanwhile wa should keep our powder dry, and have plenty of it in store. 