The Trotting Cob. (BY "A. L. O.M. I.") ' Qh, Uncle Willie ! I've been thinking.' 'No wonder you look so exhausted. Doesn't it strike you that thinking is a most uncommon thing for you to do ?' asked Willie Eivers, with a grimace, of his pretty niece. Nancy Pringle. ' Now, uncle,' replied Nancy, ' don t tease j but listen to what I have been thinking about.' ' Oh, I see ! I am. to be a listener, am I ? Very well, my dear. Just give me my pipe ; and then I can listen comfortably.' So saying, Uncle Willie drew his easy chair close to the fire, crossed his legs, and remarked that he was 'all attention.' 'Well, uncle, you see; I have been thinking that during the many years you have lived on the Murrum kidgee you must have heard all about the ghost of the Trotting Cob of the Old Man Plain, and how he haunts the Black Swamp. ' Yea, Nancy ; I rather think I have heard all about the Trotting Cob and the Black Swamp, ! Old Man Plain, and all the rest of it. But I can't understand why you mix them together.' 'Mix them together, uncle. What do you mean ?' ' Why, my dear, the Trotting Cob, and the Black Swamp belong to one story; while the Old Man Plain has a ghost of its own.* ' Indeed,' said Nancy, deeply interested j ' please uncle, do tell me all about it.' ' Jost so, Nancy. I call this turning the tables with a vengeance. I sat down to listen ; and now I find that I am to talk.' ' Table turning is all nonsense, uncle/ said Nancy, smiling. ' Please talk, and I will listen most attentively.' ' Well, well, Nancy. You take great interest in the Trotting Cob, I can see. So I muBt try and please you, my dear.' ' I have often noticed that the headless shepherd of the Old Man Plain and the rider of the Trotting Cob are supposed to be the same apparition. Such, however, is not the case. They are two separate phantoms. This is the legend of the headless shepherd : ' In the early days of the colony the shepherds and hutkenpers led very lonely lives. The blacks, too, made things pretty lively for them whenever they had a chance : and in this particular in- stance the blacks killed the hutkeeper. But the body was never found. The shepherd fancied that he had left the hut, and could not find his way back. So at nightfall he would light a fire, and keep renewing it through the night, 1 oping that the hutkeeper might find his way back by the aid of the fire. Unfortunately, it attracted the attention of the blacks, who, stealing upon him at. his self-imposed task, cut off his head. Yet even now he is sometimes seen. Whenever a belated traveller has wandered from the beaten track the headless shepherd lights his beacon fire, and guides, him into the path again. Those who have Been bim describe him. as an old man with stooping shoulders; and, as he flits backward and forward, replenishing the fire, its fitful light shows that he has no head. That, my dear, is the tale of the " Headless Shepherd /' and I think that is the reason why that long and dreary plain has received its present name.' 'And what about; the 'Trotting Cob, uncle? Have you ever seen it ?' ' Yes, my dear, I have had that honor.' ' You don't mean it, uno le ! You are only joking.' ' Not joking at all, my dear ; and the interview was far from pleasant.' ' Uncle, do tell me all about it.' ' Certainly, my dear. Bub let me collect my thought- a little, It wan just after shearing in '60. I was in charge of a mob of 3000 sheep travelling from Unmergel, oh the Lachlan, to Deniliquin, where 1 was to resign my charge to the purchaser. Feed was plentiful, and water not too scarce. My men and I got on first-rate. Our losses were nominal ; and thus we 'pursued the even tenor of our way,' until we arrived at the " Blaok Swamp." Á better name could not be found for it. I must say that it is well named; for a more dismal place 1 never saw. It reminded me of H. B. Stowe's " Great Dismal Swamp, ' We had travelled a long way during the day ; and it was late when we got to the camping place-in fact, nearly dark ; and a miserably dark windy night it was. Supper was just over when it started to drizzle. The sheep had camped with- out any trouble. So we all took shelter in the tent, as the rain began to fall heavily. However, the storm passed away, for which we were all heartily thankful. There were four of us ; and we watched the sheep, two in each watch, It was so dark that we could scarcely see the sheep. So, of course, we had to use our ears instead of oar eyes.. Everything was per- fectly quiet.. We strupk up a conversa? tion with the non-watchers, who were washing ont their Booka and towels, Alter a while the talk turned on our camping-place. Bill Martin and I said we didn't believe in the Trotting Gob j while Tom Elliott and Jaok Jones declared that they had seen the phantom ; ' and/ added Tom, ' by the look of the sky, whoever watches after 13 will very likely see him.' ' Now, Tom/ said Jack, ' don't croak. You are always prophesying eviJy You know very well that to see the baldfaced pob moans iniBohipf.' 'How so, Jack?' I asked, 'WhatP Don't you. know the taleP' said Jack. ' Of course I know that thia place is supposed tolo haunted by a. headless man on a trotting cob. But that's all j and I consider it is sp mool} rubbish. 'Now, boss/ said Jack, 'don't you laugh, ap what you know nothing about ; bpcausp ip is q. well-known faot that if you see the ' cob' yoi; will lose some sheep ; or some other aooident will happen ,to you before, you reach your . destination. But if the rider lifts the poncho with which his head is covered, , and shows you his face, it means certain death. ' You can laugh, Bill. Most fools laugh at what they can't understand. But I happen to know that there is some truth in the yarn ; for I knew two young fellows who were taking down cattle ; and they camped here one night, as usual. The watch was taken in turn ; and when the first watch turned in at about 12 o'clock the fresh watch noticed that the cattle seemed very uneasy. All at once they broke away. The mah was not able to turn them, when all at once he saw what he thought was his mate rounding up the cattle. " That'ß right, old man. I was afraid they were j off," he shouted to the rider, who was trotting swiftly toward him. But he was much amazed to see that it was a stranger ; and by the firelight he could see that the horse he was riding was a baldfaced cob of great beauty. AB he flashed by the astonished drover the stranger raised the corner of hiB poncho, and exhibited a ghastly face. From that night ill luck dogged their footsteps. There were thirty head of oattle missing in the morning, and, as it had rained during the night, no tracks were to be fonnd, and when they reached the Murray, Nixon-the poor fellow who saw the ghoBt's face-waa drowned.' 'Oh/sneered Martin, 'Ithought that he had no head. Somebody told me he wore the poncho j to hide hiB head, which piece of property he carries under his arm/ i 'Nothing of the sort/ enid Jack. 'Your J thoughts are running on the headless shepherd. But there is a great difference in the dispositions of the two ghosts. The old shepherd is a good spirit, and the.rider of the " cob'' a fiend. There is another thing which is remarkable about the visits of the Trotting Cob. He ÍB only Been on cloudy nights when there is no moon, and always after midnight. For my part, I believe that he is always haunting thia beastly swamp, and I Bhall be very glad when the ni if ht is over/ 'Come, lads/ I said, 'it is time some of us turned in; it is not as dark as it was. I'll just have a look at the sheep ; and then Martin and I will try a dose of " tired nature's sweet restorer." Call us at 12 ; and perhaps we may have an inter- view, Jack, with this evil-disposed ghoBt of yours.' Jack only shook his head ; and I heard Tom mutter to himself : ' It strikes me you deBerve to see him; you're BO cheeky about it.' At 12 Jack called us ; and very unwillingly he turned out. We had a drink of tea. and some ' brownie/ put on our macintoshes, and went out to the fire. Jaok had just piled on some fresh logs ; and it j smoked what Bill called ' a hurricane/ as the wood was very damp. The time passed slowly away ; and when I looked at my watch it was only half-past 1. I believe we were both dozing when I fancied I heard a low whistle ; and, giving Mai tin a Blight nudge,I whispered, 'They are going to play a trick on us, Bill. Look out/ We both listened intently for a minute or so, when Bill asked, ' What did you hear, Boss ? ' ' I heard some one whistle like a man whistling for his dog.' No sooner were the words said than we both heard distinctly the sound, at Borne distance, of a horse at full tmt, ' There comes the cob/ said Martin, * let's have a look at him.' As he said this we both went toward the sound. We could now hear it very plainly on the other side of the sheep. ' I can see the horse/ said Martin, eager!v. ' He is trotti g over there to the left. Hang him! Why didn't he come up this side ? He'll make the sheep olear out.' 'Ah, that's the trick, is itP' I Baid-for it flashed on me in a moment that this was a trick to Bteal the sheep. ' Come on, Bill ; we must stop this if we can. Call Jack and Tom ; or we shall lose more than a few, I can tell you.' But I was too late. With an unearthly yell the. phantom steed trotted through the sheep, scattering them in all directions. Fora few seconds Martin and I were nuable to move. AU we could do was to stare at the cob 3 for the Trotting Cob it was. 'It s coming straight for ns/ whispered Martin, And BO it was, surely enough. At this moment the tire blazed up brightly, and showed the Trot- ting Cob close beside us* lt was a beautifully* made beast-dark chestnut, with a bald face. By the firelight I noticed that the rider bad on boots and breeches. A poncho was wrapped round him ; oue corner being thrown over his head, As he passed us at full trot he raised it slightly, as if to see who we were, and vanished in a second in the Black Swamp. * I s»y, Bill, d d you see hie face ?' ' Yes, boss ; and Tve seen it many a time before.' 'Then I'm right, It is a trick, I thought he locked like that scoundrel Bob Lee. I ve often wondered where he got all the money hq has, But I can quite understand it now.' By this time Jack , and Tom had joined us, asking what the row WBB, ' Help to gather up the sheep/ I oded, ' and we'll do the talking after. "We mustered »U we could j hue we knew that there were a good many missing. ' If the rain keeps off till rporning we shall be able to track the rest, and.the Trotting Cob as well/ said Bill grimly. ( I'll make him trotina different style if we can. only come up with him.' But the rain did not keep off ; and in the morning there was not a track to be seen. "When we counted the sheep off the camp we were 300 and some odd short ; and so much for my interview with the Trotting Cob,' 'Do you really mean to say, uncle, that the Trotting Cob is a sheep?stealer P ' aBked Nanoy. * Well, no, my dear, Not the "cob" exactly, but the " cob's " rider, Xn fact, I am pretty nearly sure/ ' I|id you ever see the u cob " again, Uncle P' ' No, ray dear. We reached Deniliquin safely ; pur on}y IQBB..being the Bueep we lost ap the swarnp. Bill Martin and I tried all we knew to get evidence Bufjjoiont to ponviqt Bob Ijee > and although we were bqtb, perfectly convinced that he Bpole the sheep, we couki prove nothing ; and the sheep were never found, The firBp t\me I saw Bob Lee after this was in Bf arch the follow? ing year. I was again taking down fat sheep. Bob was loafing his time away in Hay, making up his mind what mob he was going to ' lift/ I suppose. I got off, and had a drink, nodding to Bob, who said, ' You've a grand lot this time, WiUie/ ' Yes, Bob ; and I intend to keep them. The last time I went down I lost 800 at the Black Swamp.' ' You don't say so P Bid you see the Trot-,, ting Gob? They say he always bringB bad luck/ 'Yes j I saw the Trotting Cob, Mr. Lee/ said I, significantly ; ' and I sincerely hope I shall see him again this tr>p. If I do I can promise this, I'll let daylight through his rider, whoever he is ?' Bob knew I was a Bure shot ; and the result bf my speech was that I never saw the Trotting Cob again, though I often camped at the swamp. .The " cob" would have been seen perhaps the night before or the night after I was there. But he always gave me a wide berth.' ' And is the "cob" ever seen now,uncle P' ' I have not heard of him lately. In fact, ever since Bob Lee took up that station he has not been seen. My private opinion is that the "cob" went with him.' ' Well, uncle j I am quite disappointed with your tale, lt was far more interesting to believe that the Trotting Cob was a ghost/ ' Of course. I never knew a woman yet who - did not believe in the mysterious/ 