AH INNOCENT ELOPEMENT. Br M. E. Holahan. A winter gloaming, but soft and grey. A stretch cf eastern country open and wooded, high and low, level andbrokeo, beautiful in cummer, but iust now deeply hidden beneath a mantle of enow, and above it hanging a dome soow-lsden. A faint western wind stirring the orcherd's great deeolate heart, and filling its aisles with uncanny whispers. From an invisible somewhere gaunt shadows stealing forth and reaching, out ihdc cold, bare arms to darkly embrace a rambling, old-fashioned homestead mansion. Ever unwinding and gaining volume as they. ..approached, those spectral shades filently stalked into a quaint, low-oeiled apartment before whose open chasm of a fireplace stood a young girl. She was in appearance almost a child, slim as a youthful tamarack, and graceful, with a fsee sweet, round, fresh, daintily tinted, but hardly up to the classical ideal of beauty. A face tenderly, temptingly,, daringly lovable, yet wondrous sad, withal, in its present repose ...... Red flames suddenly, broke ..from a smouldering lop. Scarlet arrows, with Rem brandt effect, .pierced tbe encroaohing gloom, -forcing It's retreat and softly kissed: tbfitr girlish face, those dreamy, veiled eyas, and two little hands Idly falling down and lightly ' eiaBped- bsfbre her In ah attitude of nnoon- scions grace. " Her dress extended high tjp the warm throat, and.looseiy confined at.the afst by; an arita 10 : knot of tffcbop, to her slim Teet in folds of soft wrnte oash- mi|h that halo of light upon her, and 1 ,?pellf qfeep. riionght, she re- ; jembfeu tfrangely carve? image of a i "evuut, rapt, young Eaipt cui, from Caraia marble, or the mihsatufb bf an' introspective Apbrooue in Parianlone. "Iffo wocder a mah tqiiifDg up .tbe walk paused just outside ike window an iustant with bated breath .thn slowly: resumed his was with something very like" a sigh of if his glance bad pierced her armour of calm, t " s ' " ; ; I wish it was ovr r,' she murmured, pressing her - small fingers close together Jn an, agony of Eslf reiiramt ; then eoddeciy Uiugicgthemapartwith apassiohate gesture, ? or I wish I had never ccme, or that I waB qead, or thafc-— h, God I how I wish — — Bat—b&h; !' a smile of eontempt dropping ' sweet-lipped mouth at the oorhefs. What use to wish 1 Oh, this gnawing pain at my heart I This burning dryness of my. eyes. To morrow,, on some pretext, I must go heme, else I shall go mad : but to night — -1 ' . \ Ay, tc-night 1 What of it f . Could she only have foreseen the events in the darkness of that night, would she have counted on the morrow thus ? , iTho bangisg c? a distant door, then the sound of someone approaching. An instant hsr heart stood still with a vague, indefinable hope, a wild, yearning fear. Could it be Paul? Paul Granleigh, her cousin, her king among men, yet who in a few hours would be the husband of another woman ! _ Ah, no, she had seen him ride away in tbe early gloaming. When he returned to his ancestral home — well, she would not be here. Like a thing caught in guilt, : she glanced hurriedly around for sn avenue of escape, '.as a step- — R-'ck'a— ounded in the corridor outside. A firm yet iight step, and presently ths door was flung ajar, admitting a tall young tnao, and with him a frosty breath from the outer world. Behold, our steeds prance at the depr. Haste, to the wedding,' he oried grandilo quently. . Then, as hid pleasant eyes take In that sole, silent occupant s ' Trick,1 coming forward, f you look like a great wax doll constructed alter the Greek. Where on earth1 — a man's usual scoff at woman's artistic drees -love — ldid you find hat babyish affair V She shot him a glance of overwhelming eooro. That babyish affair was found at Red fern's, and cost dad. more money than your self, and: your prancing steeds .are worth, Sir Ignorance, Come, that's a good boyj— -in sweet, laughing tones — ieteh my wrapslcem yonder 8ofa,.aod— 1 .; : Oh, no hurry 1' flinging himself into a chair near. . The governor, your respected uncle, and the lucky sire of your -humble servant, is still swearing over an aggravating, era vat. I beard him as I stole past his room. As it Is yearly slx: hours to mid—. By Jove, . old man J' his eyes suddenly, lifting to a tll form in the doorway Ej acted, oh.T What's up.?' . . . r HiB brother siowly entered. . . 1 1 forgot my purse, and— well, yon know one cannot expect to do Europe on his wedding tpur yvish empty pookels !' witb low, mirthless laugh, £ isfl it In my room in - some plaos. Will you foloh it while I warm = up, Errie ?' ... ; ? ' Well, seeing it's your night of doom, yes ; but' — with a heart free laugh — -'you're polling a mighty long face, old man. for a pro spective groom. Cheer up. Life is chert ana lull of ch&cces.; Ma belLe will be in b doucs o! a temper if you don't cultivate a happier look for the altar.' Whoa she door bad closed . open his?, Paul turned to his .white lecad.eousm. .'Let , me look ai you,V. ho exclaimed, devouring her with faia dark eyes, Here; where we havs been ro happy together, let as part ; &q;& after to-night, It will be best for both .if God never lets me see yourjtempt- iug face again.' ...... Thrilling and chilling alternately, she stood before him voiceless and motionless under hie intense paesionate eyes, 1 You do care,1 he.eostinced meohanically. ' I never dreamt you did uetil to-night, I saw you through the window, and I— I read your face. Oh, Trick, Trick ! if only we bad met earlier, when I was free, and you—- ' Hush !' she cried paesicnafcely. ' Are yon human to torture and iesult ms so ?' Forgv me. i— I am mad, I think, Good-bye He turned unsteadily to leave the room. He paused, and oomieg baek stood before her. His face wfis eainj, hut somehow Euggestive of fierce rentraint. He was a strong man with strong passions, and possessing an iroa wili to control them. Will you ®lcg fcr me that song you sang when first yon came to visit us?' he asked, I have a prsedntlmert that it will be the I'iBi time I shell ever hear your voioe, and I want to remember it. It were a pity to for get she sweetest, thing one ever heard, would it not, little one ?' 5 A dry sob rose in her throat. Beatrix Evelyn was childish in appearance only. Choking down her misery she turned to the piano near. / : Qaiveringiy atfirsfcher sweet voiee rose, then , went steadily on to the . end. 1 " 'Tl« ill to bre.k the bscds tbat God decided to biod, . Ys) still £?c vrc the children cf the heather and the wind : - . Though far away from home, oh, 'tis Still for yen and me," ' --- r' - That the broom Is blowing benny In that north coonttee.'" \- «I'm afraid you'll have to do Europe on trust, did man,' exclaimed Rick entering. 1 1 can't find your " filthy luore 1" ' s : 4 1 will go an dfindlt myself, tben,' tr»nicg . as he fftbod ou the threshold, good-bye,' he said. '7 It .begins to snow. See that Beatrix Is tapped, TBrrie.'1- . H Then he was'gOhe, andxriek shivered. i'il hi bTamedif he isn't more fit tor a lunatio asylum than a bridal tour,1 grumbled 'Rick. Well; I" tfsu; imagine pleasuster, poslfions than the pug dbg; "ani Yecaivirthe saraatRof ftrturaeister-iu-. law, ean't you, oouslu chere r Triok mado uo return in words, and was strangely -silent doriag the loiq-drive I# 'Etkn-Ftebat ... .f'v. It was a whim of the whimsleal, " wealthy bride that the Carriage should be performed fit midnight, but on tbeir arrivaidftneing was in progress. 1 r-v-n K About ten o'clock Rick oama up to his eouein. There wan-: m eomewhat - troubled look en his pleasant lace.-: - ? £ I have a megBage-a telegram for you, he wbisperedtj Oae of our! servants just brought it -over. Gome into che aanservatory -and read ItJ i - It was from A prominent dootor in Hew York : ' Yonr father caageroasly III, Gome im« medistely if yea would see him alive.1 With a low ery she lifted her eyes, to Errie's faee. She swayed, and -would have fallen had not someone o&ugbt; her,- It wac Paul. She hardly heeded, but Errie briefly explained. I will drive her over to the station,1: be said. We can catch the midnight train. Very well. Thereis no useepeabing about it ; it would bat create a disturbance and I can easily explain afterward. Hitch Black Bess into my cotter, Errio, quiok as possible She is-s safe animal.' - A few minutes later, wrapped in furs to fche eyes, a sd nearly distracted, Trick was lifted into the waiting cutter. Errio was about to aceompacj her, when his brother called him aside, and fco'sh returned to the house, QBly one returning a moment later. Even through her anxiety she felt grieved. Why had Paul so coolly parted with her I Rushing to her eyes the tears frose there. She had no desire to speak, and Errio apparently was in the same. mood. Silently and tediously they drove against the ever increasing storm. Wilder and more furious it became, deeper and more drifted the enow. We shall sever get there J cried Trick wildly. It must be near midnight sow I1 And her tortured mind went back to . the mansion long left behind. In a few minutes Paul would be married, perhaps. Perhaps he was married already. Behind her in life lay tbe might-have-been of happiness. Before— God, what was before ? - Her beloved father — Slack Bess had siood still as if bewildered Through a grove near the wind moaned in painful acoents. ' 1 Are we lost, Erric V she oried. 4 Why don't you speak ? Why; 1 He leaped from the cutter and went qniokly forward. Black Bsss etook quivering in her bracks. Presently he returned to her side and stood there, the wind howling and driving about them both, the enow -falling fast and faster. ' It is useless. We can go no farther ; she has lost the read,1 he said. At the voice Trick ottered a cry and tore the veil from her f&ea.; 4 Paul I' she oried. Where -is Errio ? Why did yen do this mad thing 1' Because I was mad. I wanted to see you, to eay a last word> before we parted— forgivr Forgiit me/-' - 4 Where is Erric : « 4 Locked sofeiyhp in the oloakroomunlesS they haveliberatfedhlm before tbii'— gtitaly. What Will ybffi do? '-dazedly, You cannot be back fcy mldnight to- — ' - 4 I had not intended to. -Indeed, I. am not sure I ever fctewded going baek at all, But s marrlage can be postponed a death canuot. I knew if it wc potAlifie for anymie to get you to Zadwfck in -iime: for the midnight express losulcL I h&ve; faiied '— lightieg a match to see his wfiteh-faoe»d speaking ia a Mind' of bitted despair, It is half-past twelve, and,1 he: continued passionately, 4 1 am glad I am not married— glad I am with yoo darliag, come whst raay, : 1 Hash 1 Ob; what will 1 do ? Wfaat can I do ? What will ihey all. eay of mel' They will not dare say a word of y ea ' — fiercely, 4 I — I wish we would both ale here to-night. - We would at least be. together! No one could part us. Bat although It is wild and stormy, it is not cold, and there Is no susb luck «s freezing in store for us.' 4Ycu must go back;' she cried wildly 4 You muri go back. I command It. Take Black Bess, and- leave me here, - You have wronged zne enough already. I forbid you stay icg here now, Go, go I And pray God I may never look upon your faoe again,1 ' All his msd Entreaties were of no avafi. She only repulsed and bade him leave her. How that long night under the shelter of an overturned cutter was spent Trick Evelyn never forgot tart alwayr shuddered when she speke of it. Bat after what seemed an eternity she thought she heard voices calling at a great distance; then down, she went Into tile darkness of death. « . , 9 .'o. . . e . . « A month later, in ben father's New York house she reclined on a couch, very pale, was, and frail, but with a look of content on her sweet faee. Her father had but just left : the ream when a servant ushered in another man- none other then PaulGranleigh, hut, from the awful events of that awful night the ghost ef his former :seif:; r ' 'With a blush, Trick held Ont her hands then, as he gisdiy'took and held tfaeminhis, burst Into a 8torm bf tears, 4 And they thought Mb had sloped— that papa's illness was only ' a trick,1 she said, later. If they had found Erric before mid> night— before Miss Batotf, ;lh -that fit of anger, Married her marie-master; how dif« ferent it would have been for ne.1 - PerhfipB lt wonld; «nd Apoffed onr lives, tepet'—siftfjr; . 4 jshallialWeyi think I was mad that nighit dnd,1 he eon tinaed, softer yot, 4 blese my madn€S3 r 