1 PORTFOLIO. omtC L?nTsn I)AY.-On Clhristmnas Day we celebrate what in the notice prefixed to the -collect in our Prayer-book is called "The Birthday'of Christ." The Birthday of Christ I-a name which connects with the familiar associations of home life the opening of. tlo heavens to human hope, the incon ceivablq grace and conldscension of Al. omighty .God, the beginning of a state of things on earth, in which God our Maker has united Himself for crer with human kind., lWhat are the lessons of the Ilirtlhday of Christ?? OOne is that of gladnees tan , joy. We must, I suppose, often feel-it must he so in the average course of life with some or other of us--that we are hardly in tune for 'the rejoicing of Christmas. The rush of gladness which it brings with it through a whole people, through all the wide reanms of Christendom, deepens to many by sharp contrast the bitterness of a recent hereave. ment, the sorrowful watch round ia hopeless sic:k bed. We almost ask whether it is not mockery to think of gladness. Yet it is in place, yet Christmas claims it from us. Those great GOspel songs which heralded the Incarnation of the Son of God, the Maeg. nificat, thle lenedituos, the Song of the Angels, were themoeclies but the prelude to the life of the " alan of Sorrows." They are followned immediately by Rachel weep. ing for her children at lBethlehem, andi the flight from the sword f tlerod. Ilut yet in thnee dreadful days on earth, of blood and pain, and triumphant iniquity, there was peace in heaven and the joy of the angels ; for amid the clouds and storms of the con hlict which men could not see through, the argels knew who was conquering. lie is conquering and to conquerstill. Come what may, nothing can efl;cee the mark which Christmas has inade in the rolls of timne "for us mmeon and for our silvation, lie was incaronat. by the Hloly Ghost of the Virgin Mary, and was made man." Let us inspite of noise and turmoil, of fear orof sorrow, give thal its due place in nor hearts. Let not private trouble nor the march of the world and the crash of its contlicting powers drown its iholy call. It speaks to ius, if we will but listen ; it speaks as it did on that first lirthday of our Lord, of the "peace beyond oall understannlimg"; of the "joy un: speakahlo and full of glory," with which apostles, and saints, and martyrs went through life and death to God.-Dean C'h rch. 