THEATRE ROYAL. It is generally presumed that when a [?] play is staged for two nights only the [?] will be of a somewhat mixed character, but those who attended the Royal on Friday to witnrat the rrptsentation of Shakespeare's maattrpirce, " Haaxet,' were atrrerably furprised with the completeness of Uie n i>e m-sornf and the highly creditable rendition of the play. It most be attributed as o tch to the popularity of tbe obief actor as to tbe favor witb which the play of " Hamlet" is rtrf-ivfd by the public tbat the Theatre was literally packed from floor to ceiling, and tbat larp* numbers of people were unable to sain admission to tbe building. AU parts of the house were alike, standing room being at a prrmiuin in the dress circle, as well a* in the pit, stall*, and gallery. Not only to tbe student of Sbakatprare has tbe play of " B?n.ltt" a strange fascination, but playgoers of all nationalities and creeds have pondered of rr tbe metaphysical query, " Was Hamlet read ?" and have thronged to each now imper sonator of tbe i?le to admire or condemn bis reading. With so able an actor as Mr. Gharlss Warner tbe assurance was given beforehand that his |*rfonnanee would be well worth witnessing, and we are sure that all who were present were pleased with the representation. Indeed, at the dose of the seoood act he was called before the footlights and received a pf-rfect ovation, a compliment which was re peated when the grteo curtain fell upon the he ale. Mr. Warner's Han.let is mote princely and itM melancholy than many we have seen. \Vb*n overwhelmed with sorrow or with the dtep deaire to revenge his father's death be ia thd melancholy Dane, butat other periodi he presents Hamlet to u* as a courtier and a noble gentle man. Mr. Warner's appearance favors this urprpttion, hit tall graceful figure being seen to advantage in bit suit of sables, and with 4i£bt moiutacbe, beard, aud hair, his face id liaflaeleraue, and brings back to us reco'.lec tii-us of iicbttr, who we believe was the first to wear a light wig. In some points of the play, too, Mr. Warner reminds as of Irvine's preie c*tsur at tbe Lyceum, while in general tone au i st)le pet haps his Hamlet most resembles AloDtgomery's. He speaks the text in a scholaily manner, with dear enunciation aud the cadence of voice required to make the situations telling. He perhaps makes fewer " i.omti" than lone acton, as. for example, ia the utterance of the words " Frailty, thy name is woman." To deliver this Kean waa wont to advance to the footlights and raise his hands as though he bad made the duoovery of a shi'ck icg truth. Mr. Warner delivers tbe line at the hack of the itsge with his hands folded. The full length portraits are discarded from the chamber bceoe, and the actor relies upon the use of two medallion poitraite in the interview witb bia mother, in which he " speaks d*ggera to her, but oats none." This plan it tbe more arti&tic; of the two. In giving his instructions to tbe players be is natural and unaffected, and in aU snch passages a? in the scene with the gravediggert where he can be to outward seem ing a oourtier be for the time being throws atide his cares. This makes the impersonation more acceptable to tbe audience, because their sympathies go ont to him as a man, always with the latent hope tbat he win accomplish bis reveDgb on hu father's murderer. Mr. Warner's Hamlet u not mad; be makm it apparent that Polonins. Itnsoanranfa, Guillen stern, and the whole court ace fooling him to the top of his beat, and that to ace > apLuh his purpote in fitting time and maniier he most f>imtelf dissemble. Perhaps be is on the verge of actual madness when be "falls a mambiiag like a very drab," and afterwards when he dis catds Ophelia, and again when be meets Laertes at her grave, needy his last words to Horatio ate, "Report me and my cause aught to the unsatisfied. That is the req4M?t of <ne who valued the world's good opinion atttr be bad wrought out tiie vengeance which bit, fathers spirit urged him to." In tbe play soce and the final catastrophe Mr. Warner rote to the height of tragedy, and his death was very impressive. As tbe ill fated Ophelia Mi?p Morris waa graceful and t""?*?r*g 1 but on ittcd certain baiiaeas tbat we have been accustomed to in the mad scene. Mr. Vinceot made himself nfiefully effective by doubling the tarts rf the ghost and tbe tint actor, ?Dd tbe other characters in tbe play were on the whole fairly sustained, but do not c.ll for special comment, owing to the crowded state of our columns. Tbe balance of the cast was as follows:—Claudius, Mr. Dave Clinton; Poloniue, Mr. W, F. Clitherow: Horatio, Mr. Herbert Hemming; Laerteo, Mr. Frank Gates; Rosencrantz, Mr. Marsh; Goflden stern, Mr. fiambro; Oeric, Mr. Henry; Mar cellue, Mr. Harrison; Bernardo, Captain De Burgh : Francisco, Mr. Bennett; First Grave digger Mr, Clitherow; Second Gravedigger. Mr. Phillips: Second Actor, Mr. Torr; Oer trude, Miss Jenny Watt-Tanner; Ophelia, Miss Isabel Morris; Piayer Queen, Miss Beatrice Lyttet. '? Hamlet 7' will again be pre sented and for the last time tbia evening. The statement is made that no les? than six rpecies of North American buds have become <xtioct during the U?t 10 yean, and it is claimed that English epantxra were tbe rosin cauee. 