MAIL NEWS. OUR PARIS LETTER. 7 FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT, j PARIS, 17th December Franco is fatigued, sick. She snffers from a plethora of politicians and a congestion- of political programmes. The provinces, that is, the peasants, the real bone, sinew and riches of the country, commence to he ugly. They instinctively believe, as well as feel, that the times are oat of joint. Corrnption in high places ; suspicion sapping confidence ; party hates deepening; violence in language, all round; fraternity giving way to disbelief in an adversary's being oitlier a man or a brother ; administration drifting into confu sion ; legislation at a standstill ; Innatics - entering the arena of politics with revolvers ; a new President failing to be a perfect cure, and tho formation of a Ministry proving to be as great a difficulty as squaring the circle, or solving the social problem without displeasing tho Haves and the Have-Nots. From what cause does the sickness of Franco proceed ? From several, hat from none that are incurable. The spirit of tho country is democratic ; the Brobdignagians need not waste their time discussing monarchical tweedlednms and twccdledees. At the Congress they gave the full raeasnre of their impotence — aud im pudence — where they had neither the courage to vote for any pretender nor for nny of their Parliamentary lenders. Thoy indulged in a poor practical jot j by plumping for General Saussior, a tried republican, but a strarger co politics. Then they gave thomselvcB abrelu- tion by luxuriating in a massage of rant and fnstian. France is democratic by instinct, bnt some what unconsciously, republican. Were her manhood voters educated up to the standard, not so much to recogniso their power ns the discipline and obligations the excrciso of that power demands, tho political brushwood would . no longer eutangle or impede business, as well as progress. The representatives represent, but too exactly , tho chaos cf a good cause and the scattered glories of popular triumph. Franco must take stock of herself, sho has been conducting her affairs not so much wildly as. spasmodically and uumothodically. She has slid from method; she wants not so much an organiser of victory as an organiser of order, of political manners and disciplinary obedience. She' is on tho threshold of a. new Convention, hut whore there is no anti-national king to bo removed, no Bruuswicks to interfere with the internal divisions of the country — surrounding nations aro resolved ,ia advance, to. allow her to, stew in. her own. £ gravy. , The gush of populace iutogrity, which swept . away M. Grdvy, to pass tho few remaining yairs of his life iu the pleasures of billiards, chess, rabbit potting, or, like the nursery parlor king, iu " counting out his money," was expected to 6ecure a new depar ture in parly disinterestedness. People rarely fall out during a wedding ceremony ; some evon extend this ago of bliss to a honeymoon. Ponding tho manage de ration of M. Carnot with Dame France, ihe 616 republicans who gave him away indulged in a game of kiss in the ring, to the applause of patriotic onlookors, and to the astonishment of the political Schopenhauers and Leopardis — those " sombre lovers of death." Three days later, jnst the chartered time for making a revolution, it was perceived that M. Carnot was not quite the right man in the right place ; that the great abilities of his grandsire did not run in tho family, even like wooden legs ; hence, a pincushion war waa declared against him, which bids fair to deepen down into (he usual open hostilities. It has been discovered that something more was required in a President than the merit of having \---refused to connive at the robbing of the Treasury of 75,000 francs. There are many Frenchmen, aye deputies too, who would have displayed a like Spartan virtue to refuse to aid either M. Wilson or M. Gtevy to dodge the exchequer even out of a centime. Falstaff covelod tho entire exchequer in his day. They wore the radicals who took up ICarnot and enabled him to top the poll. Politics have no bowels of compassion we know, so the first act of the President was to throw over the rads and throw himself upon the opportunists, who had pitted their chef, M. Jules Ferry, against him for the Presidential vacancy. We must wait till tbo day of judgment, when the secrets of all hearts will be opened, to learn the secret of the President's heart for such antipodean unexpectedness. 'Tis true he dissomblcd his love ; but why did he kick them down stairs? Consequence deplorable ; the widening of ; the abyss between the sticks-in- the- mud aud the stalwart republicans. A kind of romp cabinet, out of the Opportunists, has been formed by M. Tirard, Ex-minister, a success ful jeweller, and tbo shadow of the unpopular Jules Ferry. It can only exist, as did the Bouvier Ministry, on the tolerance of tho Monarchists and a see-saw policy, both of which the nation heartily resents. At first thefe were quite Herodiau tendencies floating about, probably suggested by the coming Christmas, to strangle the now born forthwith ; more humano counsels prevailed and it was resolved that the foetus Cabinet should be allowed till the 10th January to have its " struggle for life." Then it will undoubtedly be elbowed into tho limbo of ancient history. The Ministry cannot indulge' in much sin fending a-good three weeks ; it will illustrate Bacon's remark; that it is as natural to die as to be bora, and to a little infant tho one is as painful as the other. A grand crash can be avoided, perhaps, by a dissolution of the Chambers.. Numerous monarchical deputies have boen rctnraed to the House by a fluko, and not a few by false pre tences. A general election would weed out such tares, aud voters' experience guard against the recurrence of a trick, which has shown such members to be only so much disturbing ferment. The" Republican party stands in need both- ef; the broom and duster. It is trammelled with impracticables : the choicest outputs of paro chial noodledum, all believing thcyhaye Atlas shoulders specially created to bear up France. Their self importance makes them rebel against submission to voting discipline, and this mule- kicking obstruction is augmented by the host of ex- Cabinet Ministers, the used-up fire-flies of mosaic combinations, and who can never seemingly take to earth again after their ephe meral sojourn in the seventh heaven of office. They form a kind of Salvation Army among themselves ; they were heaven born for Minis terial functions, else why wonld they have been selected. At any moment the country may have uoed again of their services, so they keep sitting ou the fence, Hamlet without Hamlet can be understood, but Hamlet without the cock to crow the ghost away from daylight would be terrible. Such are the inutilities that cauBe and keep open the sad rift in the Repub lic. The limited monarchy parliamentary sys tem causes too much frictions in its working to sait Franco. Tho newer system must be Eought for in the constitution of the United States and the convention. English constitutionalism docs -not possess the virtue of suiting a few scores of contrary diseases, say like Hoiloway's oint ment ; yet some unguent is needed for the legs of France; thoir badness is of several years' standing. If, as it is currently whispered, M. Carnot is already discouraged, and is ready to retire like a Charles V. or a Cincinnatus, the candida ture of M. Jules Ferry will come to the front again, and with all its dangers, But first of tho attempt to shoot him by the lunatic, Aubertin, a man of his own political kidney, less the Tonkinism and sheep's-eyeism towards Bismarck. Tho first persons to congratulate M,' Ferry on his escape and condole with his braises were his bitterest political enemies. Heuco it is quite unnecessary to add the attack has not been the result of any conspiracy. Anbertin had no Accomplice. He is one of the many hair-brained persons allowed abroad with out a keeper, and who believe they have for their mission tho regeneration of society by attacking some -loading-public man who may happen to \- have received a bad name. Unfortunately Jnles. . Ferry is afono . ia the. matter of unpopu larity. He is not spared by the extreme press of ttie republican or 'monarchical camps. Indeed, us « rale; ia mud squirting the journais whieh -abstain from sqch might- be Ownled oil tie 'fingers of one hand; 'With the remainder, it is only a difference of vigor, and of special talent for fish- wife conriesics. Ex prefect de Police Grangnon and his co- mnte ia exile, JL Wilson, have been declared free of the charges of purloining two letters from the pile seized with Madame de Limousin, and forging others to replace thorn, while such documents were placed under the seals of justice and tho property of tho court. It is now well known who the high personage was that destroyed the letters so compromising for his position, and who should have been abovo suspicion. The court of indictment merely said that, in accordance with the code, neither Grangnon nor Wilson committed an illegal act ; but as to their moral guilt there is no donbt. That decision has given unmixed dissatis faction. The lawyers of more than seven years' standing quote other articles of the code, and with numerous precedents in support, to show that the judges wilfully turned a blind eyo to the plain written law, and that could have netted the two big delinquents. The latter always break through the meshes of tho law ; they are only the minions that are caught. M. Wilson has yet to wn tho gauntlet of other dirty charges. His position is not enviahle. Australians appear surprised that France continues to still ship convicts to New Caledonia. The surprise has been no less great on tho side of the French that ihey were ever expected to give up the exportation of that article to tho Southern Pacific. It seems that it is not exactly in the bond recently executed between England and France, and whore John, fooled as usual, undertook lo consent to tho intcrnationalisation of the Snez Canal in exchange for France clearing out of the New Hebrides, whero Bho was hound by treaty with England never to remain. Tho non-exporta tion of prison stuff may liavo been " understood, " but as Metternich once ob served, what is ."understood" is just exactly what should be most minutely sot forth in a treaty. Perhaps in tho couiso of time, and in her own manner, France will ship all her felons to Guyane ; some advocate Tim- buctoo, only that is too close to Tunisia and the Sonegalian colonies. The rubbish shot down on a neighbor's territory perhaps does not count. The French havo got the best of the treaty; they havo surrendered nothing that they owned and acquired what they had no right to possess. Dunderheadism and leather- headism havo taken up the'r headquarters at tho Foreign as well as the Colonial Office. Australia should not for a moment relax her vigilams to keep tho Pacific free of the conti nental gulf stream of crime. She will be aiding France materially when compelling her to consume and work up her own vice at home by employing the rfcidiuisitei on important public works. M. Carvalho— and a fireman, who of courso does not count — has been found guilty of neglect, and so responsible for the burning of tho Opera Comique. M. Carvalho is to go to. prison for threo months, pay a fine of 200 f. , and meet damages towards the relatives of tho victims, The condemnation establishes hence forth that managers, even in subventioned theatres like that of the consumed Opera Comique, are. responsible for criminal neglect in person and in puree. One day in prison ruins a Frenchman for ever and ever — it is a stono-jug mark I10 can never obliterate. The payment of the fine is only a fleabito ; n purso would bo made up on the sly — to do so publicly is indictable, as defeatiug the moral aims of the law — ia tho course of a few hours." But to he on tho bead- roll of prison fame is the hie jacet for a public man. You would be pardoned for running away with a man's wife, or half a dozen wives ; yon might steal Ihe archbishop's mitre and crook, as if belonging to tho class of umbrella property, and not bo crossed ; but to be sent to gaol ! — that's anticipating being on the wrong side at the Day of Judgment. Hence, M. Carvalho is reported to be rapidly pushing forward tho completion of his family sepulchre. I'olitics have been the only social menu served at the tables alike of the great and the humble for a month, and for a month a kind of holy secular calm is expected, M. Legondro has seized the moment to bring out at the Cdeon Theatre a most successful adaptation of Shukspeare's Mnch Ado About Nothing. (Beaueoup de bruit pour rie 11.) It is splen didly interpreted ; the Bard lias not been at first smashed nnd thon mosniced, according to a Frenchman's idea of what the divine William should lmve dono. You feel Shakspcnre has not been improved out of his play. The costumes and scenery are magnificont, and the music, specially written, is a beautiful frame for the whole comedy. The riles of Hero and her father, rather than those of Benedict and Beatrice, are what the French most appreciate. The English colony is rnfiled because Lord Lyons, after 20 years' residence in Paris as Pro testant ambassador, chose on resigning to go to the other world, after 20 days' residenco in Lon don, as a Roman Catholic. The arrival of Tommy Atkins with tho Thirty-nino Articles or of Lord Lyons with the Syllabus as thoir respective credentials to the Recording Angel will havo but little weight if their lives have not been in the right. There is no theology in heaven — that will be one of its delights. 