®l\c fJvtefame $m\xm WEDNËSDA Y, DECEMBER 19, 1888. IT is much to be regretted that a public man of Sir S. "W. Grifiith's capacity, expe- rience, and standing permits himself to be beguiled into the pursuit of will-o'-the-wisps. His last term of Government waa unfor- tunately vitiated by his land policy, which waa dictated by the desire to catch and appropriate the " unearned increment." It failed, of course, as most men of experience foresaw that it must. For as soon as he came to draft his measure circumstances compelled him. to exclude from its operation town and suburban lands, which were the only kinds of real estate on which the unearned increment had been, or promised to be, anything considerable. At the time his reforming bill was going through Parliament hundreds of thousands of acres of land similar to that he was anxious to preserve for the people could have been bought by the Government from private owners at a price that did not cover the original purchase money with 5 per cent interest added ; while the lands which his legislation pro- posed not to touch were in some cases worth a thousand times more than the price at which they vrere alienated from the Crown. His Liberal associates were making enor- mous profits out of these latter lands, and they wero not at all willing to sacrifice themselves upon the altar of their country in tlio manner required for the effective carrying out of Sir S. W. Griffith's land policy. Indeed, it is no libel to say that Sir Samuel himself had grown rioh upon the unearned increment of certain lands at Brisbane andTownsville. No sensible person will blame him for making money by lawful and not illegitimate speculation ; but it is impossible not to be struck Nvith the wide divergence there was between his private practice and his public policy in this particular. Most of his friends and some of his opponents, however, hoped that the last general election had taught him a useful lesson, for not only did the issue not turn upon his special land policy, but the question almost went out of sight in the controversy. No member of his Ministry cared to stake his chance upon the question of leasing versus alienation ; and even the Premier did not ask a renewal of confi- dence upon that branch of hi-) policy, although it had absorbed mora Parliamen- tary time and attention than any other question during the theu closing senii tiecade of our colonial history. But Sir Samuel does not appear to have profited by his experience. It is true that he has given no intimation that he intends to again raise tho land nationalisation question ; he ia, however, evidently study- ing another impracticable theory for putting the whole dislocated world into joint. Tho unearned incrément upon land has eluded his grasp-iu a public sense ; ha is now laying himself out to catch for the industrial worker a larger share of the profits of labour. The timber merchant, he saya, in a curiously illogical signed article in a weekly contemporary yclept the Boomerang, has five pounds' worth of timber which is Avorth les3 to him until tlie artisan comes along and utilises it for building a boat, for which he gets £5 subsistence niouey. Tlie boat has thus cost £10, but it is worth .£15. The difference, .£5, is the profit of labour, none of which goes to the workman, but is all seized by the merchant. Now this, contends Sir Samuel, is wrong-the pro- fit ought to be equitably, if not equally divided between the merchant and the workman. He forgets, apparently, that tho boat must be sold in order to realise that profit, and that its sale will occupy time and may also cost money. A good salesman requires to be paid for his labour uud talent, justas a good barrister demands a sufficient fee for his advocacy. Indeed, the sale of the boat ia uncertain at £l."> or any other price, and the merchant, who has already advanced all the money for timber and labour, is entitled to something tangible to cover interest and risk upon his %'enture. Sir Samuel proposes to call in the aid of the State here to protect the weak-namely, the workman, who has already been paid for his labour, and to penalise the merchant xvhoae profit, aye, whose livelihood, ia future and contingent. What Sir Samuel really aims at ia to abolish the distributor, who is, however, just as useful and necessaiy to the State as is the prodncei. How he proposes to accomplish this does not yet appear, but for the sake of his own reputation as well as of the country it may be hoped lie will let the public know before he again accepts the re. sponsibilities of office. He is not treading new ground, at any rate ; his theory on this point has been formulated aud exploded loug ago ; and if he will but give a rea- sonable time during the recess to the study of Bastiat, ho will become a wiser man before another opportunity is aftorded bim of leading the Legislature on a second paialysing will-o'-the-wi--p adventure. SmHrvin DitLMMoM) WowK, tho Bri* tish Ambassador at Teheran, seems to have aroused a pretty neat of hornets about his ears in the Russian Press owing to his spirited action in inducing the Persian Government to declare the tiver Karun, which flows into the Persian Gulf open to Btitish trade. Sir Henry Wolff, who is a sou of the celebrated traveller Dr. Samuel Wolff, is a practised diplomat, and particu larry well versed in foreign allaira. After several year»' service in the Foreign Office, under the auspices of Lord Palmerston, he was appointed attaché totheBritishLegation in Florence, and subsequently, after further service both in the foreign and colonial offices under the auspices of Lords Malmes- bury and Lytton, was sent to the Ionian Islands as secretary to the Lord High Com- missioner, receiving for his services a K.C.M.G.-ship. After this he entered Parliament, and speedily rose into promi- nence through his capacity for dealing with foreign affairs. He became one of the most conspicuous members of the Fourth Party, led by Lord Randolph Churchill. In 1875 he achieved a marked success as British High Commissioner for the delimitation aud organisation of Eastern Rouraelia. On his return he resumed his Parlia- mentary duties, and prior to his appointment as Amabassador at Teheran was commissioned by the Salisbury Ad- ministration to act as plenipotentiary for the settlement of aü'aire in Egypt. It will be seen therefore that Sir Henry Drummond Wolff is a mau thoroughly fitted for his present position, a man of energy, of political and diplomatic experience, and these advan- tages he has evidently brought to bear with effect on the effete and Buss ian-domi- nated Government of the Shah of Persia. Persia itself, a rapidly decaying Asiatic State, at one time occupied a prominent place in British-Asiatic politics, and it was a point in English policy to sustain and develop that country, which lies like a block between Eussia and India. During the last thirty years, however, no direct effort has been made to improve the country, and foi* the last fifteen, at any rate, English policy with regard to Persia has been a vanishing point. As a natural con- sequence Russia, with its boundless ambition and capacity for intrigue, has increased its influence yearly at Teheran. Indeed, since the conquest of the warlike Turcomans by the brilliant General Skobeleif in 1882, which gave Bnsäia tlie means of easily disintegrating at least half of Persia, the Shah of Persia has been, to quote an eminent authority, " little more than the nominal ruler" of that historic land. Partly owing to British apathy, parti, to Persian indolence or helplessness, and partly to its geographical position, Persia is now regarded by Russia in the same light as Afghani- stan is regarded by Great Britain-that is to say, Persia is looked upon by the Muscovite a3 a yicasí-dependency from from which all influence but his own is to be carefully excluded. Naturally, there- fore, after the long apathy of England, Russia by no moans welcomes the evidence she has given of renewed and vigorous interest in that part of tlie world by the action of Sir H. D. Wolff. For Russian commerce, in the Caucasus at least, has been increasing latterly to a marvellous extent, and railways are rendering all the resources ofthat vast province available, while Persia is proportionately decaying nearly every- where. What materially help3 Russia in her triumphant progress is the fact that none of the great European Powers are able or rather inclined to arrest the descent of Persia to the position of a mere Khanate. Englaud is the only Power interested in the subject, and that on account of the proxi niity of Peisia to Afghanistan, India's outer bulwark against the fateful advance of Russia. Persia itself comprises a very large territory as compared with the average European State,being G3li,000squar9 milesia extent or about three times the six» of France. But though so extensive in terri- tory this realm of old world poetry and romance is essentially weak, and practically lies at the mercy of any well-dis- ciplined European army Nvhieh chooses to invade it. Unlike Afghanistan Persia possesses few natural strongholds of any account, aud her people, unlike the warlike tribes that cluster on the north-west Indian froutiers, are generally euer vated and apathetic, an effete race to whom a general uprising would be impossible. Besides, although at one time in its history Persia, like Palestine, was noted for its fertility, it now consists largely of tracts of desert which divide one province from another, thus rendering them all easy to occupy in detail. Russia knows this well, and has quite recently seized the Atak oasis between Askabad and Sarakhs, and also the district of old Sarakhs, to which the Shah's title was indisputable. In fact, the acquisition by Russia of Persia's richest provinces-Azerbijan, on the west side of the Caspian, and Khorassan, on the east-is simply a question of time, With respect to the British interest in Persian commerce, which is directly con- nected with Sir H. D. Wolff's recent diplomatic manouvres, England at present controls that passing through the Persian Gulf, valued according to recent statistics at about a million sterling per annum ; but on the other hand Russia enjoys predominance in the Caspian region, more especially 8iuce 1883 when she abolished a privilege previously exercised by Europe of sending goods in transit free of duty to Persia across Transcaucasia. Judging from the hostile tone of the Russian Press and the ultimatum reported to have been sent to the Shah by the Russian Govern- ment, Russia is anxious to exercise the same control over the trade of the Persian Gulf as over that passing through Trans- caucasia. Should she succeed in this de- sign Persia will become practically a Russian province. ' The English Government are apparently fully alive to the designs of Russia, which, if successful, will give her an alternative and excellent base for her long meditated operations against India ; but whether they are at present prepared to support Sir fl. D. Wolffs action in the face of the menacing attitude of Russia is open to question. _ IT was reasonably to be expected that our analysis and comments-for we venture to opine that we were specially aimed at-upon the official return of the results of the Sydney University examination papers would sooner or later receive condemnatory uotice from those officially connected with the schools which, in that analysis, showed the least successfully. The earliest opportu - uity for au official and authoritative reference to the article referred to came about on Friday evening last, when Arch- bishop Dunne, on the occasion of the distri- bution of prizes to the pupils of the Chris- tian Brothers' school, gave expression to his opinions in relation to "an attempt recently made in some of the news- papers to show that one at least of the Brisbane schools had beaten them." Before dealing with the Archbishop's opinions we must first correct an error in our previous article which fuller knowledge has revealed. At the close of the com. parison therein instituted between the Girls' Grammar School and the All Hallows Convent School, in which comparison the former led the way at a far distance, we said, " The monotony of the record is, how- ever broken by the fact that an All Hallows girl took a French honour medal, while no Grammar School girl figures in the. honour list." The fact is that the All Hallows girl who took the French medal had, we have reason to believe, been educated until recently at the Misses Clark's private school ; while on the other hand, a Grammar School girl took the university prize, but she being for some reason disqualified from holding it, it fell to the next in position, also a Grammar School girl. The monotony of victory was not, therefore, in any particular broken. Harking back to the meeting, the Archbishop, with a flourish of rhetorical fancy, said, " Looking at them (the Christian Brothers) in the arena of the Sydney Uni- versity Examinations only, he found their results unparalleled by those of any educa- tional establishment in Queensland," and later, " Brother Morgan sent in his babes, and age for age, they beat their fellow com- petitors twice over." But where ia the foundation for these statements ? The Archbishop complains that in our analysis we took no note of the age of the competi- tors, and his Grace further asserts that the " candidates from the school in question were on an average three years older than those from the Christian Brothers' school." We took no note of age because it was im- possible to do so. The official returns contain no information on the point, and we ask where did his Grace get the information on which to base h¡s asser- tion 1 The next point ia of a related sort length of training. Where has the Arch- bishop acquired the information which warrants the assertion he makes under this head 1 To us the fact seems to be that older or younger, under longer or shorter training, the authorities of the schools pre- sented for examination such of their boys as had in their opinion a reasonable chance o£ passiug ; and the rushing in of boys either too young or too briefly trained, was a folly which revealed itself when the averages were worked out. We do not think the point as to the field for selection needs any comment. We imagine the records of the Christian Brothers' school will show their pupils ure gathered from the whole colony ; but however that may be, our analysis was on the percentage basis and not on that of absolute numbers ; mid we need not set ourselves to prove that so considered- six pupils may achieve higher results than sixty. The quotation from the Presbyterian clergyman is so remarkable that we suspect " the honest Scotch minister" must have been misunderstood, and we venture to assert that the attendance at school of boys for whom patents have to pay, will exceed by, say, 20 to 30 per cent, the atten- dance of those for whose education the parents have not to pay. . One of the ¡strongest points of success achieved by .".the other school," hut which the-Archbishop conveniently passes over in silence, is the breadth of the ground its passes covered. No boy was allowed to attempt more than seveu subjects. The results were : " The other school" passed . five boya in seven subjects, the Christian Brothers passed none; " the other school" passed six boys in six subjects, the Christian Brothers passed but four. A careful analysis further shows that with the same number of passing boya the other Brisbane school secured forty-Bis, or 2'42 per cent A, and fifty-eight or 3'03 per cent B passes, averaging passes per boy iii 5'47 subjects ; while the Christiaii Brothers' boys had twenty-two or 1*16 per cent A, and sixty - four or 3 37 B, averaging passes per boy in 4'53 subjects. In a word, if the results of the examination in tabular form as they lie before us now could be presented in this column, one conclusion would at sight be forced upon all Nvho looked at it-namely, that while the ground covered by the boys of the other school was wide and varied, indicating real mental culture, the passes of the Christian Brothers would be seen to be limited to a few subjects, and those the simplest, indicating a perpetual grind at those subjects throughout the year, which it were a glaring misnomer to designate real mental culture. As to the plea persistently urged, and by the Archbishop again urged, that the denomina- tional schools should receive money help from the State, we believe the day will never come when denominational lingers will be again allowed to clutch the country's cash for such purposes. This concession to them has been always and everywhere productive of evil, and it cannot be tolerated here. Strange as it may sound to the kindly Archbishop, non-Catholics accept this position without the ghost of the shadow of a blush. The State makes excellent and abundant provision for the education of its children, Catholic and other ; and if Catholic parents refuse to avail themselves of that provision they ought not to complain at being called upon to pay for the privilege of separation from what they deem secularis- ing influences. It would, moreover, appear from the report of the superior, that the heads of the school ave nge themselves to some extent, for he says " .£700 waa sub- scribed by citizens of all denominations." Some of these would possibly pass as Pro- testants, ONE item in our Eastern telegraphic news, published yesterday, is suggestive. The Governor of Hongkong is sustaining a loss of S4000, equal to about ¿800, a year, through the depreciated silver currency of the British Empire. Notwithstanding the unrivalled power and unimpeachable finan- cial credit of the British Government, it is satisfied to see the English half-crown per- manently debased to the value of the depre- ciated Indian rupee aud the Dutch guilder. That is, that a British coin of the legal tender value of one-eighth of a sovereign in the United Kingdom is worth only one twelfth of a sovereign in her Majesty's Asiatic possessions ; while the Indian rupee, worth Is. lOd. to 2s. in Calcutta, is worth little more than Is. in London. This anoma- lous condition of values has existed for years -in fact the evil has been stead ily intensify ing -until Eas tern officials are beginningto make their complaints in very loud tones. A de- based coinage within the United Kingdom would almost produce a revolution, but at Bombay or Hongkoug it seems to the Im- perial statesmen too trivial an inconvenience to demand remedial legislation. Under the old East India Company the debasement of coinage may have been excusable, but after India has been for a quarter of a century under direct British rule it is a disgrace to the empire that measures are not taken to bring the silver coinage up to its face value in all ber Majesty'* Asiatic possessioiu. The, difficult question of bi-metallism is of 1 course involved, but its solution is surely not impossible in this scientific age. The corvette Naje7elnik-tho name means a "jockey"-now lying in the Brisbane River, is the first man-of-war belonging to the Ktiesian navy that lias ever visited Qneer-sland waters. She may bo regarded as a training ship rather than as a war vessel, although she is armed with several powerful and well-made gnns. It is on this account that there is so considerable a disproportion between the number of her commissioned officers and that of her crew-namely, seventeen of the former to 172 of the latter. The vessel has been pat in commission mainly with tlio object of giving young officers instruc- tion not only in tho art of navigation, but in seamanship and the handling of cruiser. Yesterday morning her commander, Captain Zarina, entertained at breakfast on board his vessel Captain Heath, R.N., Captain Allan, of H.M.S. Swinger, and several other representative gentlemen. Subsequently the Hon. A. J. Thynne paid Captain Zarina a visit ot courtesy in his official capacity as represent- ing the Government. On behalf of the Chief | Secretary, the Hon. B. D. Morehead, Mr. Thynne invited Captain Zarina and his officers to a picnic on the Darling Downs. The invitation was as cordially accepted as it was offered, and the party, which will include all the RnsBiau officers who can be spared from duty, will leave for Warwick by the special train which has been placed at their disposal at 0.30 this morning. They will be under the guidance of Mr. W. S. Paul, M.D.A., whose brother is Russiau Consul at Sydney. At Warwick tho train will be met by a four-in-hand, in which the party will proceed to the Canning Downs, where thoy will have an opportunity of examining tho working of a Queensland pastoral station. They will return by special train eurly on Thursday morning, to enable Captain barina to take his uhip down the river on the midday tide. It may be men- tioned that all the oflicors, including the cadets, are highly pleased with the kindly reception that bas been extended to them in Brisbane, both by public officers and private gentlemen. The Railway Department has accepted the tender of the Toowoomba Foundry Company for the supply of eight iron principals and other iron work for the Normanton railway station. The contract price is £120 10s. Mr. B. T. Gartside, who had been announced to contest the seat for the Kast Ward in tho coming municipal eleetions, has decided not to oppose Alderman Southall. Tho Board of Waterworks met yesterday afternoon to consider the fifteen tenders reooived for the construction of the Highgate Hill reser- voir. It was decided to accept the lowest that of Henry Hudd, £13,43-1 lús. (id.; timo, eight months. The tender of Samuel Smith (£129) has been aocepted by the Works Department for altera- tions and additions to the Reception-house, Brisbane. In order to accommodate intercolonial passengers during the Christmas holidays the Tramo Department has arranged with Ketv South Wales that the through mail train from Brisbane to Sydnoy, and from Sydney to Brisbane, shall run on Saturday, tho 22nd instant, as on other days. Among tho passengers by tho s.s. Bulimba yesterday was the Hon. J. S. Turner, M.L.U., who leaves for a si-c weeks' tour in 2iew Zealand. He will visit old relatives and other lriends in the Southern colonies, and will no doubt have a very pleasant trip. Mr. P. M'Leau, Under Secretary for Agri- culture, returned to Biisbano on Saturday last, afterv¡BÍtingtliePimpamii,(Jooinera,andNerang districts. Mr. M'Leau's mission was principally in connection with tho report ho is preparing on the viticulture of the Southern districts, and he inspected the principal vineyards in the districts visited. The Under Secretary speaks very favourably of the winter prospects of the district, and the growth of grass after the late rains insures a plentiful supply of fodder for stock during the winter season. The summer crop having proved a failure tlie farmers are now busy planting for the winter. A misunderstanding seems to have arisen in the public mind, or at least in (hat of a certain section, regarding the attitude of the Govern- ment and Mr. Jack, the colonial geologist, re the late visit of the latter to Mount Morgan and Tarangaba. Tho only occasion on which Mr. Jack made an official inspection of Mount Morgan was when he was commissioned to do so by the late Griffith Government. As a result of that inspection Mr. Jack prepared a most interesting report, in which he aunounoed to the world a perfectly new theory of gold deposit from a geolo- gical point of view. Quite lately Mr. Jack requested permission from the present Government to pay anothor visit to Mount Morgan in order that from a scientific point of view he might compare the appearances pre- sented by that wonderful mines as now developed, and those which he observed during his original inspection. Mr. Jack's visit, therefore, n short time ago to Mount Morgan was entirely unofficial, and made for purely scientific and geological purposes, the Minister for Mines having given him special permission lo pursiio his scientific investigations. Wfien Mr. Jack was waiting at Rockhampton for an opportunity to go out to Mount Morgan he bethought himself to employ a spare day in visiting Tarangaba, which lind lately been announced as a goldfiold presenting peculiarly interesting features. Ho went out to Taran- gaba, and the manager of thi* mine asked him in a perfectly courteous manner if ho had come officially. Mr. Jack replied " No ; he only wished to inspect the peculiar strata for scien- tific purposes ;" whereupon the manager in- formed him that he had received instructions from his directors to allow no person to prospect the mine or to take any stone f«.r assay. We understand that somo time ago Mr. Rands, assistant Government geologist, also paid a visit to Tarangaba, and asked to be allowed to select some stone from the mine for the scientific purposes of the Government Geological Department; but, like Mr. Jack, he was met with n iton-possumm. The manager, however, offered to present Mr. Rands with some stone which he said had come from the mine, in order that that gentleman might make an itssay of it. Of course Mr. Rands refused to have anything to do with stone which he had not taken from the rock-bed itself. The Brisbane Grocers' Association held their usual monthly meeting at their rooms, George itreet, on Monday evening last, Mr. -R. W. Thurlow in the chair. After the transaction of the usual routine business, the mottor of keep- ing holiday on Monday, the 24th instant, was considered. The chairman informed the meeting that at the suggestion of several members he had requested the secretary to obtain an expression of opinion from traders generally, when it was found that considerable difference existed as to the advisableness of closing on that day. The grocers especially, "onsidering the nature of their business and the increased work which the season always brings to the trade, did not much approve of the holiday. After a short discussion it was decided "That the association, in view of the opinions expressed, cannot recommend to its members that Monday, 24 th instant, be observed as a holiday, and that the secretary notify tho tame by advertisement." The secretary read the circular note forwarded by the chairman, st j the request of last meeting, to merchants and manufacturers in the matter of the extreme cutting of priées now being carried on, and also the replies which had been received thereto. Satisfaction was expressed by the meeting with the results so far, and the secretary was ordered to reply individually, conveying the thanks of tho association to those merchants who had forwarded replies. Several sugges- tions were made for the guidance of the asso- ciation in this particular work, but eventually the matter was left in the hands of the chair- man and secretary for the present. At the annual meeting of the Dunwich and St. Helena Mission, held in the Courier Hall last night, the committee's report, which re- ferred with satisfaction to the first year's working of the mission, and the treasurer's statement, showing a deficiency of income over expenditure of £29, wero adopted. Tho Rev. J. Macpherson, missionary, submitted a report, in which ho gave a detailed account of his visits to St. Helena, Dunwich, Brisbane Gaol, and Lytton Reformatory ; and office-bearers for the ensuing year were elected. The annual meeting of the Queensland Scottish Volunteer Corps was held last night, under the presidency of Captain Heath. Tho report stated that the corps numbered 335 officers, non-commissioned officers, and mon, that the number of efficients was 192, and the amount of capitation grant earned £4S0. Tho financial statement showed a large deficit. Several of the officers alluded to the hardship which ten months of drill entailed upon mom» bors of tho corps, and wero of opinion that all the drill required to make themselves efficient might be done in two of tho winter months. The report and financial statement were adopted. A special meeting of the Trades and Labour Council was held at the Maritime Labour Hall last night. Mr. John Swan ocoupied tho chair, j and the following delegatos answered to tho roll-call :-,T. Sweeper, P. Flynn, 13. Larnoss, D. Sharp, T. Barr, ,T. Rowland, E. Penny, J. Gregg, W. Reynolds, R. Kincaid, A. Hinch - oliffe (secretary), J. Wrigley, C. Seymour, AV. Mabbott, J. Groy, ami G. S. Casey. Tho secretary read a lottor from tho Commissioner for Railways, asking to bo furnished with the names of delegates to oou gross requiring fros passes and the points be- tween which they wish to travel over tho Queensland railways. The council then went into committee to consider tho now rules. On resuming it was reported (1) that au addition | had been uiado to tho objects of the federation to tho effect that the establishment of a news- paper to be dovotod specially to the interests of trades unionism should bo promoted ; (2) that the payment of an entrance-fee of u'd. per eapita had been struck out, and a consequential amendment lind been mude ; (3) that clause 12, referring to duties of treasurer, had bcon slruolc out, and a new ono substituted provid- ing for tho payment by cheque of all accounts above £t. Soveral other unimportant altera- tions wero mado. The report having been adopted, the council adjourned. A somewhat peculiar case of appeal came under the notice of Judge Paul yesterday. It seems that a short time ago the city corporation summoned a man named Rosetta for keeping dirty premises in the Chinese portion of Albert street. The defendant then asked for an adjournment in order that he might make some alterations to the place which would abate the nuisance complained of. There were no less than three of these adjournments, and on the fourth occasion of appearing in court the defendant stated that he had done the necessary work, and the corporation thereupon did not press for a penalty, on condition that defendant paid the costs. An order was accordingly made against him by the bench for costs amounting to £20. The appeal was based on two grounds : first, that no penalty having been inflicted, there could he no costs, as there was no conviction ; secondly, that the case had not been tried throughout by the same two justices, as it was contended was necessary under the Act. After argument his Honour reserved judgment. The District Court sat from 10 o'olook yes- terday morning until 0.15 in tho evening, and got through a considerable amount of business. In the case of the lato clerk of the Bulimba Divisional Board, Alexander Kelly, who sought to recover the sum of £155 for wrongful dis- missal, six months' salary and certain other expenses to which ho had hean put, through being HO dismissed from the service of the board, his Honour gavo judgment for plain- tiff for £00 13s. 4d. David M. Campbell sued Matthew Murdock for the value of a horso which was killed by a collision with the de- fendant's cart, alleged to have been caused through the negligence of defendant's em- ploy i«, nnd was awarded £10 by the court. Tho case of K. Thorne v. Wendt and Wright, a claim of £12o lils, for ront, occupied the attention of his Honour for about three hours, and judgment was reserved. The caso of Rosetta v. the Brisbane Municipal Council was an appeal from the decision of a bench of two justices of tho poaco at tho City Police Court, and in this judgment was also reserved. The action, Steele v. Skyring, a claim for £20, the value of a horse the death of which was said to have been caused through defendant's negligence, was part heard when the court rose. Tho sittings will probably be brought to a close to-day. The site at which tho artesian water hore is to be put down at Laidley has now been fixed. It is upon portion of allotment 3. section 30, town of Laidley. The proprietress of the land, Mrs. Chambers, wife of tho licensed victualler thoro, has generously given the Government a piece of land sufficient for the purpose free of all charge. Mr. Henderson, tho hydraulic engineer, has examined tho locality and has reported that it is in every way suiiable for the propoted operations. It is also stated that the Mayor of North Rock- hampton has offered tho Government a site for a boro in that municipality. An alarm of fire was received by telephono at the Central Station at S o'clock last night. It was reported that the scene of the outbreak was Elliott Bros.' wholesale chemist fehop in Eagle street, and in a very short time thirty firemen, with a horse-reel aril the escape-ladder, were on the spot. It turned out that the alarm was caused through the ringing of one of Barton and White's automatic fire alarms, which was placed on the top story. These alarms are so constructed that when the temperature of the room in which they are situated rises to 120deg. Fah., a signal is transmitted to the Exchange, whence it is forwarded in turn to the fire station. It appears that the apparatus in question was placed near the ceiling of the office. Last evening a number of clerks were back at work, and the heated air from the gas jets which they had lit, having no vent at the particular spot where the alarm was fixed, speedily raised the temperature to about 125deg. The promptness with which the alarm mechanism was through thischance broughtintooperation, speaks highly for the efficacy of the invention. A very few seconds only elapsed before the signal was received at the fire station, and the firemen, who hal all assembled for their weekly drill, lost no time in turning out. At the South Brisbane Police Court yesterday morning, before Me-*rs. W. II. Day, A. R. Jones, G. Grimes, W. G. Chancellor, W. Stephens, J. Freney, and T. Weedon, JJ.P., the following applications for granting; slaughtering licenses were dealt with :-W. H. Blainey, P. Killeen, J. Uhhnann, A. C. Crump, X. Cockerill, J. Nolan, Graziers' Butchering Company. In granting the last mentioned application Mr. Day said he wished that all butchors would take a lesson from the Graziers' Butchering Company in the oleanliness of their premises. In the application of Moses Walmsley, Sergeant Ferry, inspector of slaughterhouses, objected to a license being granted on the ground that several complaints had been made on account of bad smells arising from them. Mr. Day said that in consequonce of this and the yard being too near town the license would not be granted. A sale of gifts and cake fair, in aid of tho funds of the Ann-stroot Frea Methodist Church, was held in the Valley Hall, Bruns wick-streot, yesterday afternoon and evening. At 3.30 Mr. S. W. Brooks formally declared the sale open» aud in a fow appropriate remarks said he hoped it would be a success, as everybody had worked hard, especially tho ladies who had charge of the stalls. During the afternoon a large number of articles wero soldat very reasonable prices. In the evening the hall was crowded, and tho proceedings wero enlivened by a few musical selections, after which a waxwork entertainment was held, which gave general satisfaction. The sale closed at 10 p.m. It will be continued to- morrow evening. ""'A man named J. B. Finnigan was found at the corner of Wharf and Adelaide streets yes- terday morning in an unconscious state, and at Dr. Kosteven's direotion he was removed to tho hospital. There it was found that ho was suf- fering from a sunstroke, and ho was detaiued as I a patient by Dr. Haro. The B.I. and Q.A. Company received another telegram yesterday from their agent at Bundaberg, stating that a bolo Sin. in diameter had been discovered on tho starboard 6ido under the forehold of the Eurimbla, and that the divers wero ongaged repairing it from tho outside with a crossbar and plate. The Cliina Navigation Company's steamer Tsiuan, from Adelaide, Melbourne, and Syd- ney, bound for Hongkong, vin poi ts, anchored in tho Brisbane roadstead on Monday evening, and resumed her passage at. 7.30 a.m. yesterday. Sho passed out from tho Pilot Station at 9 a.m. but returned and anchored thoro at 10 a.m. Shortly afterwards tho agents here, Messrs. Webster and Co., received a telegram explain- ing as tho cause of the bteamer's unexpected re- turn that her ice-making machinery had broken down. The steamer Hoather Bell was imme- diately despatched with four fitters, and tim ueoossary repairs will be mudo at tho roadstead if found praotioable. Other- wise, the refrigerator will be phicod on board tho Heather Bell and brought to Brisbane for repairs. Tho decorations for Christmas at tho Brisbano Hospital have boon in active preparation for 801110 time, and tho season will as usual be mndo na cheerful as possible for tho inmates of tho wards. Tho gonerous publio may materially add to tho festivities by donating fruit, flowers, Christmas enrda, aud tho like, and tho useful- ness of these donations will bo greatly en- hanced if the seoretary is advised us to the contents and day of arrival of tho coming parcels. Tho annual examination of Queensland Slate school soholars for Gi animar School scholai slnps commenced yosterday at thirty-eight examining centres, milo boiug ptosidod ovei by district inspectors and tv, cut' mut by police magistiatea Títere mo in nil 147 malo and fifty-one fomalo competitors, making a total of 198 As usual the greater number of thesu uro in the Brisbane district, in winch there aro three examining centres-the formal School (boys), in charge of Inspector Harrup Girls' Central (Inspector Platt), und Leichhardt stioet (Inspector Simio«) State sohools At tho Normal behool 29 bo} s aro bomg examined, at the Unis' School 14 girls, and at Leichhardt street 42 boys and 16 gills, making a total of 100 The examinations for pupil and other touchais are also bomg conductod m conjunction with those for scholarships There ara 14 mulo and 30 female candidates for the rank of temporary teacher toachi rs of the 1st Class, i malos Class II, 0 males, 11 females Class III , 89 mules, IOS females pupil teachers of tho Poiuth Class, 11 males, 119 females Cluss III, fi4 malos, 121 females Class II, 06 males, lfij fernstes and Class I, ~ti males, 19 > females The Brisbane candidatos uro bomg examined as follows -At the Noimul School (bo\s), 00 males, Girls' Central, 1SU females, Leioh hardt-slrcet, 10 males and 50 females Altogether there w ore 12S7 candidates for all examinations registered throughout the colony up to the 30th Novombor, but this number is expeotod to bo reduced by about twenty on ac count of sudden fuiluie of health, or purpose, or accident Tho late di) season has been very detn montai to peaches this j ear, and for the most part the fruit is dwarfed and dry Some very good specimens, however, ha\o boon shown us by Mr 1 de, who grew them at O'connell Town Those peacheH are of very fair si/e, firm, and dcliciouslv juicy Sarah Römer (32) who, for tho seventeenth timo haB appoarod boforo tho bonch, was brought up at tho South Brisbane Police Court jestcrday for using bad language in Russell street, South Bi lsbano, on Monday, und was fined £3 oi ono month in gaol Messrs H C Goffage, W L) neb, and I) Mulhern telegraphed from Tambo yesterday that at a publio meeting held thero on Moudjy night the following resolution was unanimously adopted -" That we, the residents of Tambo, respectfully protest against a charge being made for water from the Government boro upon the following grounds -First, that tho work m qucetion was instituted as a trial to test tho country for artesian water, and is a national undertaking, secondly, that tho water is required not alono for township purposes but for the use of travelling stock and travellers generally, thirdly, that wo consider wo are sufficiently taxed without a special tax being imposed upon us for Government works " Information has been received that in many instances tho water in the tanks and wells on stations in the North-western districts havo failed Applications bavo boen made by squatters for a supply of tho precious fluid from the Government tanks Those reservoirs, it is stated, well maintain their levels, and Mme of them contain a supply sufficient for at least twelve or eighteen mouths to come. Con- sequently these applications have been favourably reeoived, and tho water is being supplied on very reaonable terms A pleasing ceremony took place at the pro- visional Behool, Redcliffe, last Friday afternoon, the last day of the behool year. Mrs. Robertson, of Ferny Lawn, one of the School Committee, gave several handsome prizes for the children. Owing to a slight accident sustained during a visit to Brisbane, that lady was unable to personally present them, so Miss Blackman, who is on a stay with Mrs. Robert- son, 'gracefully carried out the duty of distri- buting the prizes, together with many packets of Bwectmpats, to the children. Some time ago the Commandant of the Defence Force sent to England for threo mounted infantry instructors for the various corps in the colony. In response a commu- nication has been received at the Brigade Officer stating that three sergeants have been selected. They are Colour-sergeant Rigby, of the 2nd battalion Scots Guards; Sergeant Price, 1st battalion King's Royal Rino Corps; and Sergeant J. Virgoe, 1st bat. talion Royal Sussex Regiment. The two first named have undergone special instruction in mounted infantry work at Aldershot, and they leave bv the Taroba on her next rovage out. Sergeant Virgoe ha« /flatoonipleted his mounted iufantry course, and will not leave England for, a month hitor. Sergeant Rigby was sergeant« instructor of infantry in his regiment. Some months ago the mayor made applica- tion for tho deeds of grant of the Wiokham terraco reserve between tho Waterworks reserve and Edward-street, and on the 23rd May ho received a communication from tho Lands Department stating that executive authority would bo sought to vest tho land (which com- prises 1 acre 1 rood 1C perches) in tho Muni- cipal Couuoil by deeds of grant. Nothing further was heard of tho mnttor until tho Nth instant, when the mayor was informed " that upon reconsideration, and after obtaining the advice of the law onicers of tho Crown," it is not considered advisable to issue the deeds for the land in question. j Inspector Britten wires from Blackall under Mouday's date to tho Commissioner for Police thus :-" Senior-constable Ryan reports a man named James Gearing having informed tho police that ho accidentally shot another shepherd named Aloxauder Ballantyne on Saturdny evening. An inquiry will be held to-day." Hedley Havelock Tooth appeared at tho City Polico Court yesterday, before Mosure. P. Pinnock, P.M., H. H. Payne, and II. Barker, .TJ.P., in answer to a charge of perjury. Mr. O'Shoa appoared to proseonte, and Mr. J. L. Woolcock for the defence. On tho application of Mr. Wooloock the cuso was adjourned till Friday, Mr. O'Shea offering no objootiou. Bail xvas allowed, .himself in £S0 and two sureties of £40 each. Tho following aro the particulars contained in the information :-The complaint of George Lending, of Rocklea, made on the 12thDecoinberbeforoMr. Philip Pinnock, that at tho Court of Petty Sessions boldon at Brisbnno on the 24th day of Ootobor, 188S, beforo W. II. Knowles, J. Carberry andT. S. Hawkins, JJ.P., a ottbo was heard in which Hedley Havolock Tooth was tho defendant, and George Leading tho plaintiff ; that after Hedley Havelook Tooth had been sworn, it bocumo a material question whother the said II. II. Tooth had sold or assigned certain gooda to Goorgo Leading, and that he being sworn " not having the fear of God beforo his eyes nor regarding the laws of this realm, ho con- triving and contending to pervert tho duo course of law and justice and unjustly aggrieve tho said George Loading and deprive bim of tho bonofit of his suit-and to subject bim to tho puymont of heavy costsnndoxpouscs -falsely, corruptly, knowingly, wilfully, aud maliciously did depose and Bwear among other things in substanoe and to tho etFeot following, namoi}*-Tho ohiuae relating to the salo was not there when I signed it; T never said I «old tho goods to Mr. Leading through Mr. Knyvott whoreiiH in truth, and in fact, tho clause re- ferred to was contained in tho mcriioran dnni at tho time tho hame was signed by him and whoreas tho said II. H. Tooth had sold tho said goods to Ucorge Loading, and whereas tho said li. II. Tooth hail on tho 30th July, ISSS, stated that he had sold thuin to him through Edward Forrera Kuyvott as ho well know." Tlio annual breaking up party and distribu- tion of pri/os in conuoctiou with tlioMissts Wilson's school on \N lckham-tort ico took piuco on Monday night A very eu jo-ublo little concert was given bj the ohildron Tho first pait consisted of inHsui and recitations Among the latter was Schiller's "Lay of tho Boll," winch was very nicely delivered Hie cantata outitled " The Four Seasons" was then sung as ii quin - tetto and ohoius, and although tho children had not had very much practice, still tin ir rendering of the píceo was very ai coptablo, and reflected no little crodit on tho ottorts und didactiQ skill of thoir mistressos Miss I lcock, an ex-pupil, and organist to tlio Milton Congrogutional Church, ably fulfilled the duties of accompanist Die Rov Osborne Lilley tlion muda u short speech and delivered tlio following pri/es -EngliBk and Australian History 8 1 illey Scriptural Histoi v J Millur Lughsh B Uligal tioogiuphy B Hugal 1 ssuy 1, C Xilloy 2, J Millar Aiithmefio I, C Lilley 2, 1 Purcell 3, M ArniBlroiig Writing 1,B IIiiKal 2, M Aimstioiig !, A Uhl Homo Pieparation 1, f Millor, 2, B Hugal Qonornl Improvement T Pun eil, II Hugal, A Uhl, M Aimstruiig, uni A Chapman MoinotyWork C Lilley Bend- ing C Gilligan ] ronoh L Headland Drawing C Li Hoy Mapping C J llloy Music 1, C Lilley 2, J Miller Kogular Altendanco H Uligal Conduct B Purcell A Christmas troo and a variety of gumos solved to amuso tho children until u late hour Ata mooting of tho Land Nationuluation League ut tho Free Mining Exchange, Queen-streot, on Monday evening, Mr. Pemberton in tho chuir, Mr. H. W. Boyd Mackay, LL.B., gavo an uddress on the subject of his rooont paper, "Tho practical working out of Land Nationalisation." Mr. Mackay dofinod the objects which land nationaliser« havo in view as (1) to restore to the commonwealth that portion of tho value of land which is croaled not by the owner or oooupier but by the publio, und (2) to abolish abject poverty. Ho said four methods of accomplishing these objects might bo proposed-(1) thot a tax equal to interest on the price xvhich the land might bo cffocted to fetch if unimproved should bo im- posed on tho owner or occupier ; (2) that all land should (by purchase, confiscation, or other- wise) bo vested in tho Stato and should bo lot at rents to tenants, and that as often as the lease of any holding Bhould expiro it should bo relet to tho highest bidder or tenderer amongst thoso who might bo propared to pay u fair valuation for the improvements to tho person who made or owns them, tho rents to be at the disposal of Patliaraent ; (3) that all landa should bo vested in tho Stato and should bo worked by labourers for the benefit of tho commonwealth, somewhat as the telegraph service is worked now ; (4) that all land should bo vested in the State, and lot to tenants at rents assessable in proportion to income ; each tenancy to continue so long as the tenant should pay the rent and cultivate the ground, to which Boheme a rider might bo appended that a loan of capital might bo mado to tho tenant, if poor, to enable him to start in tho business of farming; miniog, least if ho bo prepared to work at it with'his own hands. The speaker objected to the first method, on the grounds that it would often bo impracticable to detcrmiuo what the amount is for which tbo land might be expected to bo let if unimproved; that in case of agricultural, pastoral, or mineral lands (as distinguished from town properties) an indefinite amount would havo to be allowed oft' the tax, in order to make it worth the occupier's while to work the land, us its whole value is derived from tho accessibility of population ; and on nomo other grounds. The second mode he considered at least equally impracticable, on account of the difficulty of fixing the amount of rent and determining what should be deemed improvements. The third mode was what the speaker advocated for town properties-the houses to be built by or for a public department and let in the ordinary manner. For country properties the speaker advocated the fourth method, which he declared to be the same as the State-aided village settlement scheme of the Trades and Labour Council, except that it did not necessarily require that the settlements should bo in the form of villages. This last scheme was described as having the advantages that it would be thoroughly practical and could be introduced by degrees, so that any hitches that might occur in the working of it could from time to time be rectified by appropriate legislation. A discussion followed, in which Mi. Murray Fraser, Mr. Coleman, and Mr. Hardacres took part. The usual vote of thanks brought the proceedings to a close. Finney, Isles, and CoXpsUblishment will be open for business on Stuarday next and Mon-' dar (Christmas Eve) uutiQO p.m.-[ADTT.3 