TOUNG MRS. JARDINE. Bv the Author ok 'John Halifax, Gentleman.' Chapter ii. Roderick Jardine was not, I hope, a worse young fellow than others at his age, or less soft hearted. Yet when he had fairly bade Rood bye to his good, tearful mother — who he knew ?Well, would do anything in the world for him, except let him do what was best for himelf— this parting once over, he breathed more freely than he done lor many weeks. The fogs of Richerden were behind him, and before him was la belle France, with its sunshinny climate and its light-hearted people, who seem to take life so much easier than we do. He with his Celtic blood,' also liked -o enjoy life ; and whenever he crossed the Channel he felt, what Anglo-Saxons seldom do feel — for there is a great trystery in kinship of race — a hearty sympathy for that sweet French politeness, that bright open-air existence, with its simple feeding, its innocent amusement, above all, its kindly gaiety. His heart seemed to open at the first clatter of French tonguest on Calais pier, the first gleam of clear French sunshine down the long, level, poplar- bordered roads, the first sight ol those queer, heavy-looking carts, with the huge Norman horses, and the hlue-bloused Norman peasant stolidly follow ing. ' How nice to be really in France again !' thought he with » sigh of relief — happny un heard by the good mother, driving in her splendid carraige to pay a series of calls in Richerden house, as handsome and as dull as her own. ** I wish I could stay here-at Amiens, perhaps — and spend the whole day in the lovely cathedral. But I suppose it is my duty to go right on to Switzerland ' ' Duty' was 'a rather new idea in this young man's lite, and he did not dislike it — just for a change. His ' wild-goose chase' had res-jlved itself into a deliberate purpose, or as much so as was possible to his nature, and at his age. He had not been to Blackhail —he hardly knew why, except that his mother had thiown a good many impediments in the way of the journey, so that perceiving she did not like it, he gave it up. Hut he had had a long correspondence with Mr. Black, the old factor tbeie, who knew all the family affairs. . From him Roderick discovered that there had l-een, half a century buck, three branches of Jardines — represented by Silence Jardine, Archibald Jardine, and Henry Tardine, his father. These, alfsecond cousins, were brought up together at Blackhail. Thence Archibald had suddenly disappeared abroad, taking his little patrimony. After many years, he was heard of as a pasteur, in some Swiss canton ; no very great change, he having been intended fui the Scotch Church ; and he was said to be married, with a family. But he had never revived acquaintance with either of his cousins, and what were his present circum stances, whether even he were alive or dead, noliody knew. Still, Roderick had argued, to except his own little inheritance till he knew his cousin needed nothing, was really impossible. And though Mrs. Jardine reasoned, op the other side, that the money was not Archibald Jardine's, except conditionally, and to =earch for him was like hunting for a needle in a hayrick, her more impulsive and romantic son decided that Archi bald Tardine must l-e found, and he, Roderick, was the man to rind htm. Nor was it so vary impossible, seeing that Switzerland — Protestant Switzerland — is not such a very large extent of country, and the name was peculiar ; also, by all accounts, the man himself was peculiar too — very clever, very eccentric, likely to have made his mark wherever be se'tled. ' I'll find him mother, if he is to be found,' Roderick had cried, considerably excited 'by the quest. It gave him, as he had said, some thing to do, (and as he did not say, being little given to self-examination) the pleasure was in tensified by its being a kindly thing to do. ' A few hundreds don't matter to me, and may matter to him. Besides, the thing amuses me.' For either Com caprice, folly, or a certain shyness lest they 'should discover feelings in him which they could not understand, and might only laugh at, he never pretended to bis family that he had any interest in life beyond amusement. His sisters thought Roderick the most unpractical fellow alive ; and bis mother expressed the utmost astonishment to see him fulfil his duty in arranging all business matters connected with Miss Jardine's will ; doing all that was necessary, and even a littlt more. Was this, perhaps, because in so doing be had found something to interest him, and deeply too ?— the secret of a life which, out side, appeared a mere invalid existence, idle and useless, hut underneath was one of the noblest and most pathetic lives the young man had -ever dreamed of ; wholly unselfish and self-devoted — busy, active, filled up t« the last With thoughtful care for others; finally going home, out of the empty world — and not sorry to go home. *' I wonder,' thought Roderick as he looked at -the diamond ring, which, though it was a lady's ring, he determined always to wear till he could discover some fair lady to give it to ? **1 wonder if I shall ever find such a woman to love me — a second Silence Jardine?' \- Ah, foolish fellow ! it was always somebody's loving him that be thought about. He forgot that the great strength of the knights of old was, that they loved actively, not passively. They choose some noble lady, worshipped and EUved her, fought for her, and won her. The nan who has will to choose, coinage to win, tad faithfulness to keep, is almost unknown in modern chivalry. As rare, alas 1 is the woman who deserves to be thus adored. Roderick sat meditating in the wise — not in he crowded Paris railway, but in the empty carriage between Dijon and Pontarlier — where, in the dim dawn of the winter morning, he found himself on the boundary of Switzerland, a country which he had never yet seen. And, spite of all his notion *' duty,' he was con scionsof a lurking pleasure in being thus forced !-y ' business' to realise the dream of bis life, and see rhe A ps for the first time. As the sun rose and the morning brightened — one of those glorious days of St. Martin's summer which Jiade all mountainous regions look so lovely — Roderick felt himself growing .-.tranpely excited. The country was not un like his native Seotland, only with the pictur esque Swiss cottages dotted here and there. From either window he looked out on green hill sides and pleasant glens, with dancing hums at the bottom, just as if he had been at home. ' How my father would have liked this !' he said to himself, and sat on the arm of the carriage-seat, watching with the eagerness of a very boy — what was he but a boy still? — for the first glimpse of (hose 'eternal snows' which travellers rave about, and painters pnint, and poels sing of. and which he was -:::f inclined lo fear would be a great ' take n' after al' — ay, even when he found bimsell -la-hing the finest bit of railway journey he had ? '?vperienced — the magnificent Val de Travels. i.« -.:!.- body knows that pass through the Tnra mountains, where you dart in and out of about a dozen tunnels, catching between whiles uleams of the ravine, the wildest Roderick hail ivtrr seen, a hill-sidt sloping up to the very skx . ?ne mass of trees — chiefly fir and oak — who-e ??ivid greens and yellows glowed in the clear -.unshinc ; and a river boiling below, all spray ind foam, whirling round grey rocks in frantic ?dilics, and with a noise that was heard even ? ilwve the puffing locomotive — Nature battling ? ith civilization, ar.d ahno-t winning in the ;ght. Still, how gri:nri it was! — every moment presenting a new picture, all the finer, per haps, that it was so momentary. Roderick could hardly draw his breath for pleasure, and for the vague sense that we have in youth of ' something going to happen' — some strange, sweet lifting of the curtain of the future, some passionate entering into an unknown, delicious world. And when gradually the scene grew tamer, the huge walls of the pass seemed to lower, and the narrow glimpse ot'blue sky overhead to widen, his heart beat, his lips quivered : he strained his eyes to see everything that could be seen— above all, to catch the first glimpse of what he surely must be nearing — the lake of Neuchatel. Yes, there it was, no mistake about it ; a long, wide, calm, blue water, like an inland sea ; and beyond it, in an almost endless wavy ? line, every indentation of which was as per fect as if drawn with a pencil, rose, or rather lay — for they were too distant to be more than mere outlines in the horizon — the great white Alps. Though he was quite alone — or rather be cause he was alone, or he would certainly not have made such a fool of -himself — Roderick sprang to his feet with a cry of pleasure — plea- sure so keen that it even made the tears come into his eyes. No such sight, visionary yet real, new yet infinitely beautilui, had ever yet burst upon his eves : eyes so like his father's — dreamy, tender, passionate, intense — eyes which, from babyhood, bad seemed to foretell the whole story of the coming life. If his father — if any one who loved him — could have seen them now, as he watched the scene before him, at once a revelation and a prophecy ! Roderick could not say why, but he felt as a young man would feel at the first sight of the face of his first love. But few young men have a first love, the thing having been already frittered away into half-a-dozen foolish fancies or flirtations and fewer still have a love at first sight. So I doubt not R -deride will be much laughed at, as he was conscious he would have been at home. The one person who had never laughed at him, who despised no harmless bit of senti ment, and who hated nothing but what was mean and base — hisfather — wasaway. Grown man as the son was, he gulped down a sob, almost like a girl's, to think of the face which, here, he would involuntarily have turned to, to read in it the reflection of his own delight — the dear face which on earth he should see no more. Thus withfa sacred sadness that was scarcely pain, he found himself nearing the little town which he had often heard about and traced in ?naps ; nay, he once remembered getting the *' tawse' on his hand, because, being one of those gentle lads who can be obstinate some times, he would persist in calling it ' Neut chatel,' instead of ** NeuchateL' He bad not laughed then ; but he laughed now at the recollection. Long afterwards, how strange it all seemed ! The lovely day had faded a little ; neverthe less, having settled himself at the hotel. Rode rick started out again to see if bis beloved Alps were still 'decouverts,' though the 'coraliza- tion,' which the garcon informed him only hap pened sometimes, did not seem likely to happen this sunset. Still, he got a map and tried to find out the outline of the mountains, from Mount Blanc at the one end to the Bernese Alps on the other, before they quite melted into mist, as they did soon melt, and the lake too. But he had seen them— seen the Alps, and he. felt as if he had not been so happy for years. - - He had to bive all his happiness for private consumption during four of the wettiest of days. Nevei, even in bis own pluvious land, had Roderick seen such a deluge as that which shortly swept down upon the poor little town, hour after hour. It was useless to grumble or scold : so he sat, laughing at his misfortune, or ai me napless rxeucnaieuenos wno went meeKly paddling through the flooded streets. Once or twice he himself sailed out, and took a melancholy wander by the lake-side, peering hopelessly into the abyss of grey mist beyond which had gleamed such a lovely vision ; but be soon came back again, and lounged in the dreary saloon, smothering under the close air of the heated Swiss stoves, trying to read a few stray volumes of the Tauchnitz Library, and to persuade himself he was not a very great fool for having/visited Switzerland iu November, attempting vainly to do what any lawyer's clerk could have done equally well, perhaps better. For he had only been able to catch one clue whereby he might find his cousin. Mr. Black, the Blackhail factor, a strong Free Church man, bad taken sonae interest in a similiar disruption in the Swiss Church, and in one of the controversial writers therein, a 'professcur' or ' pasteur,' or both — the good man's ideas on she subject were very misty — at Neuchatel. To this M. Reynier Roderick hrought a letter of introduction ; but on delivering it found the family were still at their summer retreat in the Jura mountains. So he decided to make the best of a bad business, and amuse himself till they come back. He knew the language — that was one comfort — and he was not of the stolid Saxon temperament, 'which refuses - to take in any new ideas, or to see any perfection in things to which it is unaccustomed. He was a (rue Celt, impressionable and flexible by nature, ready to love, quick jto hate, until .the experience of life should teach caution in the one and tolerance in the other. ' The world will go hard with you, my boy,' bis father had sometimes said, half tenderly, half pensively ; and Roderick, shaking his blade curls. ha- only laughed, afraid of nothing. Nor was he discouraged or afraid now. In fact he rather enjoyed this dropping from the - clouds — oh what soaking clouds ! — into n new place and new people. Not so vejry new after all, for when on Sunday morning be followed the dripping multitude up the steep street which led to the Cathedral—now a Protestant Dhurch — he found everything so like home hat but for the language he could have imag ned himself 'sitting under' his mothers favourite minister at Richerden. Only when the psalm arose, to a quaint and beautiful tune, and it was a beautiful psalm too, for be read it out , of iiis neighbour's book, be ginning— \- 'Grand Dieu,nons te iouons, nous t'adorous, Seigneur.' it contrasted favourably with the nasal hymns which so tormented him in Scotland. It was sung not badly, especially by one pure high soprano, a few seats behind, a. voice so good that he vainly tried to catch sight of the singer; and in its sweet musical French it seemed to express what he missed so often ai home — the sense of cheerfulnes in religion. To the last verse — Nous n'esperons, O Dieu, qu'en ta grande bonti : Tu seal pent nous aider dans noire adversitee, : Renilre nos jours heureux et none Sine contente,' the invisible singer behind gave such a patnos that it went right to bis heart. The young man, called often ' irreligous' by his mother, because his religion lay very deep down, longed earnestly those. jours JuurucxXhvX. &me; contente, and wondered if by any means he amid attain to like — he, all alone, with nobody to hclp'hiir- to be good, hundreds ready to allure him to be bad. It was a small thing, one of those trifling incidents which befall us all — only some of us uote them and others do not : but long after wards be remembered it with a strange solem nity, like a person who, believing he wa- walking bis own way, on his own feet, finds -ut :hn! hands unseen, unfclt, have been leading him all the while. Plunging uack through the muddy streets ?' hoine'-r-'whal a ridiculous wiird 1— to' tht dreary hotel, Roderick made up his mind to give one day's more chance to the weather, and to the absent Professeux Reynier, upon whom, and his famille garmante, the garcon dilated enthusiastically ; for everybody seeiu to- know everybody in this innocent little town. If, on the morrow, it did not cease raining, and some token did not come in answer to his letter and card, Roderick resolved to change his quarters, and try ' fresh woods and pastures new,' — take, in short, to pleasure instead of duty, and pursue the search after this vague distant cousin no more. But next day in rising, l»ehold a change ! And such a change ! The mist had entirely lifted off from the lake. Its wide bosom lay, still grey, but motionless and clear in the soft dawn. And beyond, their intense purple sharply distinct against the. bright amber of of the sky, was the long line of Alps. Though one deep in dentation, between the Jungfrau and the fen-' slerhorn, the sun was slowly rising, dyeing the snows rose-colour, and then, as he mounted above the cleft, pouring a sudden stream of light right across the lake^-that *? golden path of rays.'' which always feels like a bridge where on delivered souls might walk — they to us or we to them — those that on earth we see no more. Roderick, as he gazed, was conscious of the same sensation which had come over hie a few days before — that intution of approaching fate — bliss or bale ; which by those who have it not is esteemed mere fancy, and supremely ridiculous ; and even those who have it hare need to be rather afraid of it. just as a very imaginative person would be less in fear of the ghosts he beheld than of the ghost he created. ' Absit omen' murmured Roderick, as, having stood in an esctasy, watching the gorgeous sun-rise, he saw it melt inio common day-light, as all sunrises do, in November es pecially. A dull rainy mist began once more to gather on the distant peaks. Another wet day after all. Richerden itself Could not be worse than this. Shall 1 go home again.' But it was so ignoiiiiriiuus to go home, hav ing done nothing, seen nothing, ilial be thought he would make an effort at least to get to Berne and back, before the short day closed. And descending, beside his solitary plateal the dreary tabie-d'hote breakfast he found a Jetter, the daintest, most politely worded billet, invit ing him in the name of M. le Professeur and Madam Reynier, to pass the evening at their house. ?' Six o'clock, and a seiree ! What simple folk they must be here !' But, finding he could be bsck in time, he accepted the invitation in his very best French and. started of to the faliwrtf station, on his little bit of solitary sight seeing. No one shared his carriage — abroad there* Is a saying that nobody travels first-class except tools and Englishmen —so he admired al! alone the picturesque country which skirts the long chain of laces ; very comfortable, but just a trifle dull. Not that Roderick disliked bis own company ; on the Contrary, he preferred it to that of most people he met — but be had bad so much' of it lately. It would have been rather pleasant to have somebody to whom he could say that Berne was a most curious old town, with whom he could have thrown buns to the bears, those important personages, ' ren tiers' on their own account ; still belter, when inquiring his way to the Terrasse. and finding : the view hopeless, the mountains being again ' couverts,' he'had to content hinself with ad miring the fiver which flows below it, circling the pretty town like a tender arm. Still more would he have liked somebody, anybody, be side him, with whom he could lean over the low- wall and argue about the sensations of the man on horseback who leaped down — heaven knows how many feet — without being killed ; and what sort of sermons he preached — since, the inscription says, he at once entered the Church and was a minister in it for many years. 'Suppose I, Roderick Jardine, were fo jump down now, just to feel a sensation, or create one — Folly !' ?» And laughing at himself, and his inordinate vexation at the dull grey day, the miserable mountains, solitude, everything ! he went to feed at a restaurant, and lounge away the time till the return train. Tust before it started, by a sudden impulse, hoping against hope, he walked back to the Terrasse, and turned a last look in the direction of the mountains. One instant — one wonder ful, bewildering instant — and then — ' If, after death, I open my eyes in Paradise, I know, I feel, it will look like that.' Such was the thought which, passed through Roderick's mind — the only thought, for every feeling was absorbed into mere gazing — drinking in through eyes and soul a- vision, utterly undescrible to those who have never seen it. The Jangfrau in the sunset, spiritularied by a clear amber glory, till it resembles nothing earthlyonlytbat new Jerusalem ' coming down from beavn like a bride prepared for her hus band Roderick gazed and gazed.- almost oat of himself with ecstasy, thinkingof nothing, seeing nothing, though there was a little group beside gazing too. But he never noticed them, till, stepping backwards, he cameagainstsomebody, and said ' Pardon madam' — then turned and saw it was not madame at all— mademoiselle. She had never -observed him— not in the least. Her eves too wers fixed noon the mountains, in entire Absorption — large, calm, blue, almost English eyes. And her short curly fair hair might have been English too. But when at the second ' Paraon' shefturned, there was an unmistakable foreign grace in her slight acknowledgment. She and her com panion,- an older lady, exchanged a word or two, but it was French, spoken in the purest of accents. So if Roderick bad fiad a«iy hope of finding a country-woman, it, faded out at once. ? ; ...... '''... Faded— ^ the lovely -vision of the Jangfrau and Festerhorn already had' began to fade. Yet still the little group stood snentlygadng, in a common sympathy. Roderick' never looked even at his young neighbour, until, suddenly turning, their eyes met. .Both were fall of tears : 'At the first sight - Th«y ha*e dunged eyes.' (TO BE COHTOTOEO.) I 