To the Editora/ the "NorthernStar." I ' SIR,-It was no more than I expected that Plantagenet should say my letter : in reply; [ to his WHS inspired by Father Doyle. . It would suit his purpose better to make people I believe such was the case. The very fact of his indulging in such abuse and gross person i a l itis* throughout his. last production confirma tpore than any tiling else the obvious inten tion of the first attack. He says I harped about his Plantagenet blood, and that there was no pei son in the town knew anything of I that only Father Doyle, and explains how it .was made known to him in a social chat. ; T state roost distinctly that the gentleman 'referred fc> never in any way\niadn the slightest suggestion, or gave me the faintest encouragement in the course I have taken, but who-so far as I can hear-was averse to any notice being'taken of tho; attack'. I see and sjieak to Father Doyle as seldom aa moat people' iii the community, ^and' aa to this social .revelation I should certainly not have known anything of it had Platagenet not told me. . " And now that plain speaking is neces- sarily and imperatively called for, I say the boasting about Plantagenet blood required no mentioning ; it was no secret, and was pro- verbially known in this. town, and I men- tioned it-not with á view of* giving offence -but simply to »bow that it was no ordinary rough' 'without character or position in society who wrote that letter-no, petty scribbler who for meru sport, ran into print-but a man nf education. andr refinement, following .a: high and honorable profession, whose words ahould be weighed, whose criticisms ahould be just, and whose censure«. ahould bo founded on fact. Ho seems to have regarded the con- gregation an an ignorant and uneducated one, but he will find that there ure members of it who-^if fhey have not received a CLASSICAL .education-can speak iu, clear and unmistak- able language in refutation of a string of misstatements and .misrepresentations. The object in view, no doubt, waa to bring some- one into a' controversy over the question of Masonry, but I have not fallon into the snare that has been so ingeniously set. 'Whether the Catholic Church be right: or wrong in shaking to her adherents against Masonry I do not know. I have my opinion'; and I will tell Plantagenet mo it emphatically that I have not in the past, nor do I now intend to give offence to any section'of the oom« munity by holding a controversy through the public press on the question of < Catholicity v. Freemasonry.'-... I showed clearly enough I think, in my letter of reply, two things. The first was that Father Doyht did not make use of the words-quoted- by Plantagenet, and he is at liberty to test it in any way he thinks tit. there are moro courses than one open to him. The second that he waa only performing a duty which the heads of his church haye made imperative,. and - which - ..Plantagenet himself showed by his and hundreds of other English Catholics renouncing masonry at the command of the church. j Tho appearance of the threatening letter, like the ghost of Hamlet ortho vision of death in the medical hall, seems, a moat pe- culiar form of abuse against a certain sec j tion of the community ; but when one makes a serious blunder it ia not unreasonable to ] supposo that recourse will be had to the most extraordinary means by way of showing justification. 1 [ He says,. juntíl tbjp letter appeared in last Tuesdays issue- tte took noticed it/but treated the ? matter aa .m< bad :. joke. Tis strange ha did not hand it to the police dur- ing Monday; or sometime on Tntaday. .'No, but;, after the appearance of the letter when, he says the word " audacity " and. aentence/ " Fields and pastures new " made him aus- picious he tendered it to the police. What an extraordinary thing indeed this threaten- ing letter alleged to have been placed .under, his door1'bil'Sunday night'shótíld"have occa- sioned no suspicion or alarm until he read the letter signed, " A member of the.oongre g!ition,"'in Tuesday'a issue; -J Surely the, grounds J fer Huipicion and alarm were as strong on Monday and.Tues- day ns on Wednesday even .though-as ls :so vilely asserted-there wa» some connection between the writers of both letters; - 1..: ! A pretended voUry of TEUXH A¥D JügT.CE should be mqnij oarefuf, kt tampering with truth in the future." *Tis ^rue'.ao'ma men live by the "pert',' bÚt'''tt':'se¡6m» tobe^ ttié'misfor- tune of othora,: and it ill/to, ;be ihoped the making r of a big mistake will ensure, future prudetí*^.* * ' ^1 ' .Y..o-,,', "I '. i,.? ? ' I hate «ijd-deteeti aa much aa anyone paper wars of^thia character, hut there are time» to speak añil ümW to',l>e silent-time When (outspoken speech ia absolutely required ¡when quietness might be construed' into 'cowardice or a spiñt of carelessness hardly 'creditable tow catholic. It was no common attack, ,if ; it had, been I certainly should not have taken any notice of it, hut owing to,the ^position of the' writer, anil a new arrival liero it might, had it not been taken up- have caused a very diaegreeable impression $ und I leave it to every thinking utan, whether or not I was 'justified-in enileayourmg at any aimed with auch arrogance of ' pride, at some- one, recoil upon himaaJU,-rYoui-a/:4ux>.! ,: ; A MlMBEH OF.THE.CoXGREOATIOIf. 10th Jnly, 1888. i* 