OUR SYDNEY LETTER. (From our own Correspondent.) Sydney, October 30. The death of Mr. Dalley has cast a sombre tinge over the eveits of the week. He was a man whom epicureans adored, because like them them he made no secrets of his intention to enjoy life. Politicians, even those who most bitterly opposed his policy were compelled to respect him on account of his commanding ability. He had the rare and inestimable gift of being able to move men's wills and influence their affections where lesser lights found themselves laboriously endeavouring to enlighten their understandings. Of course this only applies to the ordinary rank-and-file, and to his own party whose prepossessions were already settled in his favour. There was a staunch hardheaded minority whom he could never influence, who saw clearly the flaws in his brilliant devices, ai.d on whom it always devolved, sooner or later, to remedy the mischief they had caused. But even they, while they distrusted the politician, could not but admire the man. He owed his chief power to his bright, genial and sympathetic temperament supported by a rare tact and experience of men and of history. No one could leave his presence without feeling that he had, or might have, a powerful personal friend. Nor did his good-will end here. Many instances of his magnanimous generosity and prompt liberality are spoken of, and there are doubtless many more which will never be known on this side ot eternity. A man of such magnetic influence and power and snch intellectual ability might, if solely devoted to unscrupulous ambition, have been as great an enemy to his country as Napoleon Bonaparte was to France. What he expected from the military resources of the people, and how little regard he paid te the constitutional restraints by which the activity of those resources is wisely restrained, may be gathered from the history of the Soudan expedition. No difficulties would have daunted him from forming a conception and a plan, no scruples would have prevented him from putting his plan into execution. The difficulties he would leave to those who ventured their lives to overcome them, the scruples to those who felt them. On the other hand, had he devoted himself to that political life for which he was so well fitted, he might have been an active force in the regeneration of his country. But, so far as outsiders can read his character, the same considerations which prevented him from achieving a more unenviable distinction than pertains to him as a selfappointed military dictator also prevented him from greater achievements in a more laudable direction. He loved, as I oaid before, to enjoy life. He entered politics only when the victory had been achieved, and he could take his place with accla- mation as the cynosure of a triumphant party. The toils and vexatious of Opposition he consistently eschewed. Still it is given to no man to be perfect, and, while truth compels me to endeavour to form an accurate rather than a flatteriug estimate of the distinguished man who has just been removed, I cannot forget that he was distinguished—that he occupied a prominent position in the eyes of his fellows not by virtue of great adventitious circumstances, but by virtue of great endowments, which, on the whole, were not unworthily directed. From the dead to the living is always an inevitable transition Among Mr. Dalley's most prominent remaining disciples must be reckoned Mr. Dibbs, who glories in the influence which his departed chief has exercised over his political beliefs and actions. Mr. Dibbs has just been elected leader of the Opposition. Not that this is any great honour. He was leader last session, and it was no uncommon position for him to find himself without followers. This untoward situation was partly due to his own impulsive waywardness and obstinacy, partly to the ill-disguised ambitions and bickerings of his " supporters," of whom there are at least six who regard themselves as .much bettei fitted for the chief position than the gentleman who now occupies it. I don't know that this state of affairs need be quite so severely visited on the Opposition side. In a state of affairs like that which obtains at present, when all the prizes go to the supporters of the Governmeut ? it takes a man of some strength of mind and great independence of character to belong to the opposition at all. And men of this description find it at least as difficult to agree with one another as with those who are most docile and biddable. To do them justice I must say that the Opposition, so far, have evinced no desire to resort to factious obstruction. The only delay that has yet been experienced is that which is caused by the tardiness of the Government in bringing forward the proper business. The session can only be a ver/ brief one, and even a single day can be ill spared if the business is to be transacted properly. Everything comes to him who waits. At Wollongong the tide seems to have turned in favour of the longsuffering licensed victualler. All over the colony he is threatened with the operation of a remorseless local option law which is not only intended to limit his output of manufactured products, but to take away his very means of subsistence. Of course I need hardly explain that in the eyes of the teetotallers the " manufactured product" of the publican is the confirmed drunkard. Without stopping to discuss that question I "may state that in the pleasant little township aforesaid the rum selling interest is strongly represented in the Borough Council, and it has been doing a little " local option" on its own acconnt. It has secured the passing of a by-law which enacts that in Wolloagong any persons marching through the streets as a musical procession shall be liable to a fine and imprisonment. No+hing to them that this right was freely conceded in every other town in the colony, even in the crowded streets of Sydney. They had their local powers, and they meant to use them according to their own interpretation of them. For my own part I must say that I think they have straiued them to an altogether unjustifiable pitch. I find it very hard to believe that it was ever contemplated to allow municipal magnates, who in many cases are ignorant of the first principles of jurisprudence, to pass laws affecting the liberty of their fellow citizens, even when they disapprove of t's.'-ir religious belief or proceedings. £titt less can I imagine that it was e » er intended that the whole paraphernalia of national justice, our polici- force, our warders, and our gaols should complaisantly be placed at the disposal of any form of local bigotry which happened for the moment to be paramount. Perhaps, I am hardly a reliable guide in this matter, for I must plead guilty to a very firm belief that if the imprisonment of any section of society is a pant ea for ourwoes, we should t<uii\jr rvK-h less from the permanent iucHicciHtion of " Brother Bung" and his bost customers than from that of the Valval ion Army, grotesque and mistaken on many points of practice as I believe them to be. As, however, 1 have very little faith in the virtaes of imprisonment in any case, perhapsthis confession of faith is irrevalent. Anyhow, the Borough Council;, strained its powers to pass the by-la w r and it was ably seconded by the civicr Solons. Repeat ad prosccntionsbroughfc down the strength of the recalcitrant: Salvationists to two individuals, all the other effective male members being lodged in gaol at the pubic expense. Of these two one marched np the street playing, a cornet: Then-- there was only one. The performer was promptly summoned. He thought he had circumvented the obnoxiouslaw, as he triumphantly pleaded that one man could not possibly be a procession of men, and as a Salvationist was never or at least, hardly ever, known to be musical the presumption, was that he could not be & " musicalprocession." But the Bench, prompt- - ly overruled him. He was-" proceeding" therefore, said the local luminary he was a procession. He was. playing a cornet, therefore he was. a " musical procession"—two astounding dicta which might well make the ghost of Lindley Murray turn uneasily in his grave —that is to say if the worthy grammarian is still there,, which I don't believe for a moment. What can be the intellectual atmosphere of a place where such things^ are possible is entirely beyond my comprehension. Still more so is the mental and moral condition of a Government which can permit them. 