%\\\t Contributor. U3DEK, THE SPEAKER'S EIE. TBt the Member for Saltbcsh,! Oh, what speeches we have been making to our ccneiituente 3 How reedy we are to sacri fice ourselves (in words) for the good of the country. In order to get the Land Bill through we are willing to sit till June if neces sary. Well, well, we are apparently anxious to do something to esrn out £200 a jear, and that will no doubt be highly appre ciated by the electors. I find myself unable this week to do justice to this most important tubject, so I have ventured on a little pro phetic forecast in the shape of a comedy or tragedy, call it what you will, entitled A NEW WAY TO PAY OFF OLD GROWLERS, OB THE PAID PATRIOTS AND THE PERSISTENT PREMIER. Acr I— OcroEEE, Seine— The Asscmlly Chamber. ' A very full he-use, and a very full amount cf U-J.k. Chobcs of Patriots. We're each of us paid two hundred a year, And so we're determined to earn it ; We epeak by the hour, and we'll vote, never fear,| And each lefEon we're set we will learn it, Now, just at the present, there's talk of the land And the evil plight of our selectors. And 'twere stupid indeed, did we hold our hand And thus give a chance to objectors. _ So may weather be hot, or may it be cold, We will fight for a most priceless boon ; Ar-d till it is got, Honest Tom shall be told Well continue to eit on till June. [Last line repeated with emphasis. McDonald— As a joung member (this my eecond year) I want to work lest I ba beld too dear By the electors. I have not the power To reel oft commonplaces by the hour ; But can I trust bespeak a sober mind, And in this leave some orators behind. So far we nought have done— more to our shame, And if the Ministry would earn jast farce, The Land and Corporation Bills they'd pass, And turn all other measures out to grass, 1 p'-»y at cricket, and against the press . Last year I left their bowlers in a mess. But I would e'en forego another matsh To bring this worthy House up to the fcr&tch.; HoxEfcX Tom {reassuringly)— 11s honorable fnend may feel quite sure That we, as long as this House will endure All stress of weather, we Bhall ro ahead Until we've passed the Bills, or leave them dead. One word I'd add to those of .leather lunge, And that is, ' Work, and kindly hold your tongues.' Omsk— How can we criticise it we don'fc epeak. Giles— Fm bound to talk though I do only squeak. Eews— When the Land Bill comes on I'll make STOW That I don't Epeak. Cohes — Nor interject. Oh now. Yon can't refrain. Ej^ys — No. Even should you roar Of moleskin trousers, though it grieved me sore I'd shut my mouth. Baetlett— 'Tie Government by clique. Tbe farmers look for what I say every week. And tihould they in the Chronicle not find A speech of icine they'd think I'd lost my mind. Eobs — To something lose means once to have poEseesed. 'Yon cannot eat your cake'— you know the rest. I think I'll go with Bews. Twere safer far. I never speak except to give a jar To hated foe. Already we have made Over three thousand speeches, which are paid At rate of sovereign each. A sovereign speech I think is rather more than most can reach, Hotce {bluttcringly)— Tie like the Government to check debate. Coifs (soothingly) — Come now. Howe— They hold us at too cheap a rate. The country's crying for new land laws, Giles {insinuatingly)— So am I. Babtletx {roughly)— It seems to me, my friend, you nothing do but cry, Howe— Our aim Bhould be to interchange ideas. Babtlett — To get at youre would not take many years. Howe— To i&flstMs; Bill I'd sit morn, eve, and noon, ' -Yes, and continue sitting up to June. Chorus of Patriots «s before. Big Bex — Another spoke in Ministerial wheel, 'Twill stop the coach of State ; and then I feel Once more my time as Heaven-bom Trea surer's nigh, And Ben will pose again as Mighty I, The Ministry hastily consult. HOSKHC Tom (.wfctspmns^-^-Say, Charlie, shall we take them at their word? Twonld be a joke, better than all I've heard; Yon'II only have a few more Bills to draft, And you can do that, Kingston — Yes, for that's my craft. West-Erakine points oat that the cost is nil. Well, what can he expect for coBtless Bill? Lef 6 tire the beggars out. Catt (pathetically)— What, sit ahead Throughout the summer ? Oh 1 I shall be dead. Johnbok (pleadingly)— You cannot mean it, surely, Playford ? Why, Like Catt, I feel that I should have ta die. Coles— You weakly ones must take Borne tonic stuff, For Ministerial work is rather rough ; I'm with you, Playford, solemnly I vow, If only to checkmate obstructive Howe. Honest Tom {Aloud)— Well, then, since all so .strongly have appealed, We to your importunities will yield. So, go ahead and talk till you are dry ; We'll not complain, or ask the reason why ; We've lots of other business, so proceed, Well sit by quietly until we're freed. Remember, if you are exhausted soon We've made our minds up to sit on till Jnne. Chorus of patriots as before, hut more feebly, and Act closes. Acr IL— December. Scint — As before. Land Bill under discussion. Burtlctt continuing a speech of some icecks dura turn interrupted by frequent count outs. There is a general air of exhaustion avparent, but every now and then a scene occurs to keep up interest in the proceedings* Mr. Catt is lying peacefully asleep on the Ministerial bmches, and Mr. Johnson has pillowed his head on. his shoulder. The reporters arc looking upon the proceedings iciih lack lustre eyes. Honest Tom is engaged in conversation with Mr. Kingston. HoxEsr Tojt— We're still in office, but this tiresome biz Might make one wish he wasn't. Babttett {interrupting iciih speech)—! say it is, The squatters are a killing of this place. Hobs {aside)— And farmers are not second in the race. Hosesx Tom— Where will it end ? I really do not know. Catt and our Frank will never Btand this blow. Only six speeches in three months, and more To follow. Was ever euch a jaw ? With Bartlett down, Holder will fill the blank, And Glynn has yet to come with his pet crank, Then Horn will argue from the squatter's ?view. . And Burgoyne — Kikghion— Oh, he'll talk about the two. He'll put the squatter in one set of scales, The farmer in tbe other, sure as nails And when he's finished blest if we can tell Which way hell vote. Babxleix {continuing his speech) — This is & f armer's hell. The Speaker— Order. That word must be at once withdrawn. Babixett— I'm sorry if I've trod on someone's corn, But I'll withdraw. Hobs — Fray heaven that may come true, For one might get some peace were't not for you. HosxsrTcK— And then the pressmen, Charlie, I'm quite t*& To see them slaving daily. Babtlett {having been again called to order) — It's too bad, It seems to me when on my legs I get, I'm out of order. Hobn— That you are, you bet. Babtlett— I'm sorry that I can't your feelings rouse, Toe attendance being thin. The Speakbb— Count tbe House. 27*e House is counted, and there not being a quorum, an aljoammtnt takes place and Act closet. Act III.— Mabch. Scene— As before, except that there arc only seven members present, Honest Tom., Mr. Kingston, Mr. Coles, looking impregnable on the Treasurg'benehes, and Mr. Burgoyne, Mr. Howe, Mr, Holder, and Mr. Glynn. Stay I There is a recumbent form on one of the back benches. It is our RovSxy, faithful to the Ministry to the last. An open volume of stand ing orders indicates that Mr. Ward is not. far eff; perhaps dawn in the refreshment-room, Mrcryledy is yawning. Mr, Howe is speaking, and nclody ca'l* attention to the sta,'c cf the House, because every one feels too tired to do to. | Honest Torn smiles grimly. The i^poriers look ?. like mere shadows. HOSE6T Tom (fc» Coles)— We're nearly through, ; Get ret dy to reply. i You need not say much. I Coles — No ; that wil! not I. ! Poor Howe at length appears exhausted quite, And now Beereheeba reached, he seems all light. He's not bad, take him for good and ill. Hov.e {slctj-iljj)— S'port the second reading of the Uil£ The Bill is read n fecond time. Sir. Ward is ailed up. taid the tncnsui-e is rattled through committee witn, cut ameT.diiient. Act closes. Act IV— (Same month as before). Scir.c—Thc Legislative Council Chamber. His £.(cdhi\\-:?! arrives to prorogue Parliament, and jlnds only four Members of the Asbanblj present. His Excellency {in an aside to President Alien)— How's this? Why don't the i Lower House appear? I The Pbebidksi— So pleaee your Excellency they are here. His Kxcellenct— What, all 1 ThePBESDDENi— Yes, all. There now are left but four, JTis vain your Excellency to look for more. The fifth waB buried yesterday. Poor Howe, A most dsservinff man. Hia Excellency — Right well I trosv, But what waB hie complaint ? The Pbesidekt— He got eo weak That on nc single question could tie speak. Tars vexed his haughty spirit, and he died In sbakiDg hands with Coles. HiB Excellency — Oh, W06 betide, Bnt how died all the reel ? The Pbesidest— Much the sates way. Th6 verdict— oratorical decay. The last to go was Glynn, and bird he fought, , He'd lest all his three syllables taras thought. And Holder held on to the very last ; He died, no longer able- to talk fast. Poor Cohen, discovering that his base Had faded into treble, left the race. Giles, on the contrary, falsetto lost, And found himself quite voiceless to his cost. And Caldwell, not wearying for a fad Ere this, was fadless, and at once got bid. Rees, faithful to the Premier sb a bound,/ Quite peacefully upon bis bsnch was found, Burgoyne, niOBt logical of men, I learn, His logic gone, has crept into an urn. Gilbert died ere committee work began, And felt that Providence had changed His plan. Nash, ever soldier-like, died at his past, And there is represented by his ghost. Ward could not live without his Rowland Rees, And he has cone where Chairmen are at ease; Big Ben, !ns said^the summer found so hot That he left nought behind but one grease spot; Solomon, retired, not- without some demur. And now'e where troubles with ' H.'don'c occur. Poor Hussey found his nerves give with the shock Of being kept out after ten o'clock. Ab to Sir John — Ah, yes — Ob, he's alive, So that you see there really are left five ; As to the rest, on stone and marble fair You'll find their records— there and only there. HisExcELLESCT — Then I'll prorogue, and right glad eo to do, For soon there'd none remain except we two. Po.rlio.riKnt is prorogued hi the usual icay. Honest Tom eaid the Speaker stay talking. The SrE&KEB;— I suppose that I must now get ont the writs To £11 the vacancies. EcivEST Tom— Yes. My poor wits Are getting shaky, and I must recruit Up in my garden midst my flowers and fruit; Let's trust our next House will not have such power In speaking. The Speaker— Hear, hear. Or even I'll get sour, I'm pretty even tempered, but it's plain To sit till March would not suit me again, Bokest Toji— We want a House to work. The Speaker— To vote. H01.EST Tom— Yes, straight. The Speakeb— For that Millenium we'll have to wait, CUBTALV. 