VICTORIAN MEMS. It has been decided that a cadet encamp ment will be held ia October, 10, 11, 12, and 13, at Langwarrin. Allusion is made by the principal London newspapers to the marked success of the Mel bourne Exhibition. The Railway Commissioners hive accepted a tender for the construction of engine and repairing sheds at Sandhurst for £21,090. The Railway Commissioner* will issue tickets to and from any country station to bona fide visitors from the other colonies. A Melbourne syndicate has sent a party of miners to the Great Barrier, New Zaaland, to examine the copper lodes discovered there. It is proposed in Melbourne to present Slavin, the boxer, with a 500-guinea diamond belt, emblematic of the boxing championship of Australia. The second official dinner in connection with the Exhibition was given at Government House last Friday night. About 250 guests were present. Mr. Stratton refuses to adopt the eighthours' system at the Echuca flour mill, and the trade societies have decided to boycott hie flour throughout Victoria. A woman named Mrs. Greer attempted to commit suicide last Friday by jumping off the Victoria bridge, Melbourne. She was rescued by an elderly seaman named Robert Harper. The total amount of Customs collected in Victoria during July was £2991,844, being £78,429 over the estimate. The result was partly due to the heavy clearances prior to the budget speech. A dispute has arisen in Melbourne between the ironmoulderB and the employers with regard to the rate of wageB. The men demand lis. per day, but the masters do not evince any disposition to yield to the demand. • The New South Wales Court in the Exhibition is said to present a very fine appearance, although not complete in every respect. It has very attractive mineral and wood depart mente ; and the art section iB very good. A bill has been introduced into the Assembly extending the time within which vineyards destroyed because of the presence of phylloxera are prohibited from being re-planted, tinder this bill new vines cannot be put in before 1890. It is announced that the Rev. Dr. Moore, Roman Catholic Bishop of Billarat, who is at present in England, has arranged to establish orders of the Sisters of Nazareth and Fathers . of the Congregation of tbe Holy Ghost at Ballarat. Frank R. Tarton, who was arrested last week on a charge of conspiring to defraud Koek of £429 10s. at cards, appeared, on remand, at the Melbourne City Court on Friday. At the request of the prosecutor the charge was withdrawn. The Victorian Club billiard tournament was concluded last week. F. M'Evoy won the first prize, Dr. Beaney's goli trophy, value 100 guineas, and Dr. Laurence the second priza, Mr. L. Zuker's silver tea and coffee service value 60 guineas. At the Judges' Conference at Melbourne it was resolved that the Supreme Courts ought to have power to receive proof after the con- viction of a prisoner of bis previous conviction in another colony. The returns furnished by the Treasurer foi the first three weeks of the present financial year show that the revenue is fully maintained. The total amount to July 21 was £507,200 being an increase of £99,000 on the corresponding period of 1887. On Friday afternoon the Premier received the following telegram :—" I am requested by the London Exhibition Committee to congratulate you upon the very successful opening of the Centennial Exhibition, in which I cordially concur.—Graham Berry." Mr. J. M. Smith, one of the trustees of St. Paul's Cathedral, has contributed £1000 towards the completion of tbe building, and says he hopes wealthier citizens may go and do likewise. The amount required for the completion of the building is £20,000. Mr. J. B. Trezisi, Inspector of Mines, has written to the Secretary for Mines, stating that be has received a letter from Omeo, (announcing the trial crushing of etone from the Day Stat reef, discovered by the proprietors, Lucas and party, which yielded 4oz. per ton. The ironmoulders' strike in Melbourne continues, and there are at present no decided indications of either side giving way. The men express themselves confident of the issue proving in their favor. The employers will probably meet shortly to further consider the situation. A painful accident happened on 3rd inst at Gordons. A little boy, named T. M^Oosker, was playing with a loaded pistol, which suddenly exploded, blowing his little finger »fL Fortunately his little brothers, who were playing with ;him, escaped uninjured by the explosion. The Budget speech is one item of discussion in all quarters, and the only difficulty found by opposing sections of the House is to discover some vulnerable point of attack. The general opinion ia that the tariff proposals will pass with some immaterial amendments, and that the position oi the Government is almost un assailable. The Chief Justice, as president of tbe New South Wales Commissioners^ has written to Sir JameB MacBain thanking the Victorian Commissioners for the generous consideration shown by them in all matters affecting the position and interests of New South Wales in the Exhibition. Sir Henry Loch and the other Governors of Australian colonies visited the Exhibition on Friday, and spent a considerable time in the New South Wales Court. They inspected the model of the Jenolan Caves, and also tbe representation of the landing of Captain Cook, and expressed their admiration of the collection generally. The Exhibition Commissioners state that the Government of Victoria desired all the colonies of Australasia to combine their efforts to do honour to New South Wales; to demonstrate their progress in tbe arts and industries, to foster the sentiment of Australasian federa- tion, and to exhibit the various'resources of this great country. The Speaker of the Assembly says that these colonies have no fetters. We have simpiy a golden chain or a silken thread, and our desire is, if in the future we become a great empire, that that union with the mothercountry should be continued, and that we should even have a closer alliance with Great Britain than we have at the present time. An old woman named Margaret M'Culloch, living in a house in Rose-street, Fitzroy, was found dead on a stretcher in one of the rooms. The old woman had not been seen by the neighbors for about a fortnight, and they communicated with the police. Sergeant O'Heare instructed the police to break open the place and they found the old woman dead. Tbe Imperial German Consul, Mr. W. A. Brabe, by the last English mail received from Prince Bismarck a letter conveying an acknowledgment of the telegram of condolence sent by the consul on behalf of the German residents of Melbourne, jointly with the commissioners for Germany at the Centennial -Exhibition, on the 16<h June, on the occasion of the demise of the late Emperor Frederick IIL James Keys, a railway employe and a prominent South MelbourneFootball Club supporter, was standing with others in front of the Theatre Royal, when some men wearing tbe Carlton colours passed. Keys accosted tbem, and an altercation ensued, when one oi them stabbed Keys in five places, and ran away. He was caught and handed to a constable, who, thinking it one of many slight disturbances which had occurred, let the man go. The Premier has received a report from the Government Printer in reference to the complaint that boys are compelled to work overtime in the Government Printing-office. It seems that this occurs very rarely indeed, and that with sudden pressure of work it is impossible to avoid calling upon the boys occasionally to work overtime. Mr. Gillies says there is no serious ground of complaint, and that the lads themselves have not made any objection. The " Official Catalogue of Exhibits" for the Exhibition tells us naively with reference to the picture gallery that " In consequence of the official catalogue being unavoidably completed before many of the pictures were huug it will be understood that the following numbers do not in all cases correspond with those maiked on the picture." This pleasing element of uncertainty will add immensely to the interest taken in the pictures by visitors to the Exhibition. An application was made before Mr. Justice Holroyd on behalf of the Melbourne Tramway Trust in the action of the Victorian Cable Traction Company versus the Melbourne Tramway Trust, to strike out a plea among other delepces that the invention claimed by the plaintiffs was not a novelty, having been used in London, Paris, and California. The ground of the application was that the plea is embarrassing. His Honor reserved his decision. A remarkable leap (says the Omeo Telegraph) was made by a greyhound dog belonging to Father Verlin. The dog, it appears, followed the reverend gentleman up the stairs of the Omeo Hotel unnoticed, but when in the passage it was seen and ordered outside, and the door leading to the balcony being open made straight for it and jumped over the railing landing on the ground some 20ft. below. The dog instead of showing any signs of being injured merely shook himself and walked off. Most complimentary remarks have been made by the visitors to Melbourne and those generally who witnessed the pageant on .the occasion of the opening of the Exhibition as to the splendid style in which the mounted police turned out and. the way in which they were mounted. The men were most soldier-like in their bearing, and the horses, without exception, looked extremely well, notwithstanding that they had been brought into Melbourne in the majority of instances from the country districts, and this is the worst time of the year to see them to advantage. The report of the Ventilation of Mine Board is looked for with a great deal of interest in mining circles, especially at Sandhurst, where tbe great depth of the mines tenders proper ventilation difficult. The re- port would have been issued before now but for the delay that has taken place in. lithographing the plans and sections with which it is intended to illustrate it. These are now in hand and will probably be completed within a fortnight, after which the report will be issued from the Government Printing Office without further delay. An interesting display in the British Machinery Annexe at the Exhibition is a collection of rubber goods from the Silvertown (England) Indiarubber, Gutta Percha, and Telegraph Works. The exhibits are arranged in the form of a pyramid, surmounted by a monster diving suit. Amongst the many interesting articles over which the huge diver keeps guard is a pair of " baptising trousers, surely a novel garment. The company employs an immense number of people in England, and has been engaged in various parts of the world in laying submarine cables. Mr. C. H. Alexander and Mr. W. H. Tablot, ot Yarroweyah, set a rat trap the other night near tbe store (Richards and Co.). Their object was to catch a rat, but a carpet snake cleverly frustrated their object by putting its own head into the instrument and allowing itself to be caught in the most innocent manner possible. Tbe snake was 5ft. 6in. long, and measured 4$ inches round tbe girth—that is, about 2ft* Cm. south of the chin. It must have been very old to have attained such respectable dimensions, but apparently it bad not learnt the mere rudiments of a common rat trap The recent resignation by tbe Chief Justice of the position of president of the Centennial International Exhibition Commission lent a special emphasis to the regretted absence of his Honour from the ceremonial opening proceedings on Wednesday week. It is, however, understood that the reasons arising out of the questions ot procedence in the procession and of epecial marks of respect due to the Chief Justice of the colony, were in a large measure operative in inducing his Honour to take no part in tbe festival arrangements, and the unpleasantness of a few months back had nothing whatever to do with the present difficulty. The official board, consisting of Messrs. H. W. Hamilton, superintendent of the Western district, and Mr. E. Jacks, chief locomotive inspector, who were appointed to inquire into the accident which occurred to the Adelaide express at Middle Creek recently, met a few days since, and held a lengthy inquiry into the circumstances and causes of the accident Testimony was given by. Mr. Morrison, tbe stationmaster, who is now under suspension by Vercoe, the porter at Middle P«k station ; by Driver Eallow, Fireman Hewitt, and Guard Burns. The board will report and submit the evidence taken to the Commissioners of Rail- ways at the earliest possible time. The Custom-house returns show that the revenue is not only being well sustained, but is increasing by leaps and bounds. During the month of July there was collected in Customs duties £299,751 12s. The amount of drawbacks was £7412 2s. 8d., and the net revenue was consequently £191,844 9<. 4d. The estimate of revenue for the month of July was £213,415, so that the department is in the happy position of being enabled to show an excess of actual over estimated receipts of £78,429 9s. 41. It may be mentioned that the Customs revenue collected in July, 1887, amounted to £186,078 3s. 21., or £112,688 less than was received in the present month. A robbery under peculiar circumstances has been reported to the police. A Mrs. Ellen Merritt, a widow, who resides at 14 Yorkstreet, Prahran, had by her a considerable sum of money. She very foolishly kept the money about her person instead of placing it in bank. She had a curious idea respecting a hiding place for the cash, and placed it in her stockings. The money amounted in all to £653, of which there were nine £50 notes. The balance cannot be accurately described, with the exception that it was all in notes. Mrs. Men-itt a few days ago became very ill, and was unconscious. When she recovered her senses she discovered that the money was gone. The robbery was reported to the police by her son-in-law, Henry Ball. Mrs. Merritt, is well-known in Prahran and Windsor, and was formerly licensee of the Prince Alfred Hotel, Chapel-street, Windsor. Something of a strange, sad story was listened to in the City Court, Melbourne, on Monday. A simple-looking man, say about five-andthirty, rather shabbily dressed, with unkempt hair and beard, and named Archie Waite, was charged with stealing a horse, saddle, and bridle. Detective Ward told the story briefly. Waite had been in the employment of a farmer at Rosedale, named Willis, had charge of the borae and the other articles, aud levanted with them. He had made his way to the city where he was picked up. Then the officer told that Waite was a poor creature who came out here with a considerable amount of money, and he squandered some £10,000 or £12,000 in drink and dissipation. He was altogether a sad and sorry case, because the man was respectable, and was not a thief. The desire was to have the man remanded to Sale, and the request was granted and Waite removed to the cells. An extensive fire occurred at Dimboola on 2nd inst., resulting in the entire destruction of thr«se shops and dweljings, attached together, with the whole of the stockB and furniture. Some of the occupants narrowly escaped injury. The premises were occupied by Mr. Grau, storekeeper ; Mr. Collard, saddler; aud Hora's dispensary. In the last-named especially there was a valuable stock of drugs and chemicals. The following companies have policies in forceCommercial Union, £300 on the buildings, which were the property of a resident named Thomas, and £75 on the stock ; South British, stock, £200 j Oolonial Mutual, Dr. Hora's stock, £400. Dr. Hora, it is estimated, will lose fully £200 more. There is no fire brigade in the town, but a large crowd devoted its energies successfully to prevent tbe spreading of the fire to tbe adjoiningpremises. A stable containing several wellknown racers narrowly escaped destruction. Tbe Executive (says a Melbourne correspondent) means to make the public pay one way and another, by the number of side shows in preparation, each of which will coBt an extra shilling or sixpence to see. From tbe "switch-back" to the Aquarium,from the concerts to the fernery, visitors will, have to pay extra for everything. I think it is rather hard, for it will cost about ten shillings to " do " the whole thing, and those who have not many ten shillings to spare will be debarred from a good deal of what will be going on. However, somebody must pay the piper, and, of course, it will be the poor public as usual. I popped into the Aquarium and fernery on Saturday, and think it will make a very attractive side-show. One of the bits of local color will be a real " Murrumbidgee whaler," one of those Esaus of the interior who live largely by catching fish and cadging flour. I notice a speculator has already offered £5000 for the hire of this Couit during the Exhibition, and the Executive, I think, means to close with the offer. The Chinese question cropped up in a rather mixed aspect in tbe Practice Court, Melbourne, on Monday, before Mr. Justice Williams. Mr. Irvine applied for a final judgment in a case the object of which was to eject Messrs. Ah Gin and Yock Ten from land at Otter-street, Collingwood. Counsel explained that though an appearance had been entered to the action by Ah Gin and Yock Ten, they were not in possession of the land, having disposed of it to Chang Ho and Ah Tuck, who had defended the action in the names of Ah Gin and Yock Ten. They apparently thought that as they had the land they should defend the action, though it was not brought against tbem. Mr. Justice Williams was of opinion that he could not order the defendants to be ejected from land of which they were not in possession. Mr. Irvine thought one pair of Celestials might be substituted for the other, and he pressed'very hard for judgment. His Honor considered the matter was a rather serious one, and that he could not do anything until Chang Ho and Ah Tack bad been afforded an opportunity of being heard, so he refused the application. A serious accident occurred on 3rd inst. on the line between Warragul and Darnum. An engine with several trucks of ballast was pro- ' ceeding from Darnum to Warragul, and when about fifty yards from the Bloomfield siding the axle of one of the ballast trucks broke, the result being that the sleepers for a short distance were displaced, and the ballast track was smashed to pieces, the truck immediately behind it being seriously damaged. In fact a complete wreck was made on the line for a Bhort distance; and had the accident occurred on the previous day, several lives would undoubtedly have been loBt. Until the day before the accident the large gang of men employed In filling the ballast trucks beyond Darnum have been in tbe habit of riding on'the loaded ballast trucks into Warragul to empty them, but, very fortunately, a different arrangement was made, half the gang being left in Walhalla to empty the trucks at tbe earth-works thete, the other half, remaining at Darnum to fill the trucks. It will be seen at once what a narrow escape there has been of having another shocking accident to chronicle. The accident delayed tbe passenger train from Melbourne to Sale an hour at Warragul. 