SKETCHES. ItSS'XlSSS Al'Pr.MIUJUS. Ir luiH always been a puzzle to physiologists to properly dofino tlio functions of tbo spleen. Anatomically it is known aa 'a ductless glandular organ, of nn oval figure, situated in tho upper portion of tho ubnominnl cavity, to tho left of tho stomaoli, and undur tlio ribs,' but tho exact part it plays in tho functional cconoiny of man is by no means bo oasily defined. Indeed, there aro doubts whother it has any uso at all. Tho ancionts regarded tho spleen as tbo sent of angerand moluncholy, and to tho word-makers' accoj)tation of Ibid old-fashionod belief aro duo tbo expressions • spleonful,' ' splenetic,' and somo lialf-dozon otlior additious to our vooabulary. Surgical oxporienco, liowover, scarnely bears out this beliof, for it has boon found not only that tho sploon can bo cxtirpatod without oausing tho least disarrangomout to the general work of tho system, but that its removal neither makes a man less angry nor loss melancholy.. Its only business in lifo seoins to bo# that of gotting occasionally enlarged and so making itself a nuisanoo to all its neighbors iu tho cavity, and altogotlior it may bo rogarded as a useless appendage. So, too, tbo last joint of the spino, that bit of bane shaped liked a ouckoo's beak und to eullod tho os coccyx, is a usoless appendago, if cvor thoro was ono. It contains no portion of the spinal cord, is detached and has noithor movement nor supporting slrongtli. As an indication of rudimentary tail (at ono time, perhups, not so rudimentary), it is a curiosity, but its present, uso is simply nil. Tho vermiform appondix is "f.till another portion of human anatomy upon whoso usefulness thoro is no competent authority. It is a wonnliko thread that depends from tlio ascending colon, but it. hus noithor sensation nor functional iuc. To this list may bo added tho wisdom tooth. Liko Charles Lamb when n clorkat tho Somorsot Houso, they are tho last to co7no and the first to go. They do nothing in tho masticatory lino that could not bo accomplished by the molars, they easily decay, aro often tho sourco of much annoyance, and certainly may be written down among thoso things that would not be missed, It is not in man's organism al jne that ono may find theso occasional ovidonces of naturo in an abortivo mood, or the proofs that in tho evolution of the fittest that which has fallen into disuso has not boon ruthlessly disoarded. Tho elephant's tail, for instance, is ono of tho most pitifully ludicrous examples of a useless appendage. It oortainly is no ornamont, it is of no uso to steer by, and as a fly-brusli it is an arrant failure. Without particular flexibility, without any beauty, and without any rank as u weapon or moans of defence, it is a caricature of a tail. Tho rudimontary toos on the dog's foot aro assuredly ueeless appendages. Thoy are littlo, loose, cartilaginous things, armed with a nail that often grows to a troublcsomo length, and so thoroughly useless aro thoy estodmod that many dog-faucters think it best to dispute of ihom with a clip of a sharp pair of shears. Tho curious observer will find nou utilitarianism a very common fealuro in the structuro of birds. What oould bo moro useless than tho wattles on a turkey or tho alleged wings of tho auk, penguin and pufliaP Tho hidoous oxoresceucos on the neck of tho martyr to Thanksgiving have not a single thing to recommend them, and tho wings of the Northern fowl are as useful to it; iis a parasol in tho faco of a blizzard. They, tho wings, aro laughably disproportionate in size to that of tho body of the bird, and neither assist it in walking nor swimming, v.'liilo aa an aid to flight they aro simply out of tho question. There is a bird in Now Zealand called tlio aptoryx which is even worse oft' than tho puflin, for, exeopt by a strotoli of politeness, it cannot bo said to have auy wings at all, what it does possess being two funny little flippers armed with a spike. There nro many othor examples to bo found, but those that have been given uro enough to show that while it may bo truo that nothing was made without its use, it is also truo that uso occasionally lapses, wliilo tlio instrument remains in a modified form as an object lesson in mutability. Usoless appondages aro not, however, conlined to natural history; they are also to bo mot with in social organisms. Tlio man who does not movo with tho rest of his fellows, who retains his silurian crawl while the world is bustling along in tho march of lifo, who impedos Progress by hauling back on tho roar of her chariot, and who hinders Ilygiono by tolling her dull old tales uoncorning tlio merits of tho sloth, is certainly a useless appendage whose lopping off would rather be rogardod as a good stroke by tho groat pruner. Tho laggard trustees of great bequests who allow years to go' by without applying tho funds in their charge to tho objects desirod by tho munificont dead, who praotico tho tactics of dilatoriness, and who delay rather than advan ce—these aro also amon g tho useless ap pondages to tho body social. Tho bosses who mako their living by trading on their knowledge of human weakness; who aro tricky without being clovor, and sly without being wise; whoso unscrupulousnesa is a byword and whose mothods aro Bhanieful —tbieso and all thoir gang aro among the useless appondages to tho body politio. Then tliero aro those Bhaineloss oroatures —tho moral vampires—who attach tliomselves to fallon womon ; who deliberately plan their fall and trade on that oatastropho with the cold-bloodedness of a fish; preachers who aro puffed up with wiudy platitudes; faluo philanthropist#; nineteenth-century Pharisees who enlargo their phylaetcrios and sot up their statues at tho street comers; fossil scientists who never look boyond their noses, and can't look that far becauso of tho dust on their speotaclos; the professors of lechery undor newfangled names; the followers of tho isms, and tho tradors in faith and its bastard brother, credulity—all theso aro useless appendages whoso definite loss would bo a distinct gam. A concluding paragraph on those appendages about whoso usclcssness there is more or loss doubt. Of theso is that scmimysloriouH individual, the husband of tho lodging-houso landlady. The femalo variety is welt-known; bIio is cropping up continuully; sho figures in tangled criminal cases; slio is constantly boing intorviowed and roported. But who knows anything about tho ninlo variety ¥ Whore does ho koop himself ? What does ho do f How does ho live ? Whero is his home ? A hundred questions may bo asked about him without ono good, satisfactory answer. His existence boing a matter of doubt, surely his usefulness cinmot bo of a very high grado. Thon, too,, what shall be said of the husband of tho aotress—tho man who is introducod as tho husband of Miss So-and-.So f Occasionally ho makes himself useful by attending to his wife s professional business, gotting her engagements and hnunting tho box-ofiico on tho day when tho ' ghost' is supposed ' to walk,' but ordinarily ho is considered an nppendago, and sometimes not only useless but tiresomo. In older countric.4 it is tho fashion to consider young Hons as useloss appendages, but this fashion generally obtains only whero such absurdities as frco trade ontuil, and tho aristocraoy of birth still oxist. No such considerations or doctrines prevail here, .whero sound sonso, perscvoranco, honesty and brains, are tho suro titles to success, and y/hero, by thoii aid, their possessor run rise to bo an honored leader instead of a UHclcsa noDCiHinire. -y. f. Cht'onich', 