f=í¿4«' T0W» AND COUNTRY JOURNAL *" PRIZB BTOBYCOMPETITION. ' "Y ^ ^ ; (Bea balloting paper on pago 841.) . Mark's Gully. (BY "DUM SPIRO SPERO.) I Two then were standing outside the door of the ' gold commissioner's tent at Prying Pan Creek, carelessly watching the glorious sunset on a hot January day in 1853. Down in the hollow, at ? ' their feet, was the diggers'camp. There were 8000 men on that little patch of land just in the corner where the creek turned northward on its journey toward the mighty Murray. The man amoner them all whose future wealth was assured was Peter Pinn (better known as Peter the Lag), ' who was sole proprietor of the one grog shanty as yet on the field. But to-night Peter waa wroth. Someone had been interfering with his just rights ; and that someone was the new com missioner, Henry Fairfax, who had écorne across .from Yackandandah only the week ^before, and was already making his power felt in the camp. Peter had hocussed some unfortunate new chum, had left the insensible man in the deadhouse to recover as best he might, and thought no more . ' about it until some trooper had found it out, and . informed the commissioner. The commissioner had been down on Peter with a heavy hand, and he wa3 vowing vengeance. Nor was he alone. The relations between the police and the diggers . ia those times were very strained ; and many a digger sided with Peter the Lag, not because he approved of hocussing, but because he heartily hated all 'traps' irrespective of individuals. Doubtless, the commissioner was hard, perhaps \- even a little unwise, for he was young. He was a v little king in his camp. There was no appeal from his decision ; and he righted every wrong sternly and justly, with a high hand, and with but little care or pity for the losing side. Thus it hap . pened, as disputes were endless in a digger's camp, that the commissioner had a good many enemies ; and this hot Saturday evening in January the greater part of the camp assembled at the rough tent which did duty as principal hotel and store, and listened approvingly to Peter's loud vows of vengeance, and fought their battles over again. Commissioner Fairfax, standing at his tent talking to his clerk (Daniel M'Alister), carelessly watched the crowd of diggers. He was thinking of pretty Marjorie Dundas, who dwelt at Thacka ringa over on the side of the ranges, and who had promised to be his wife not three weeks ago. He had promised to be with her this Saturday even ing; but the troubles and disputes of this weari some camp had kept him so long that the sun was already setting ; and his only means of keeping his promi3e was by riding through Mark's Gully, . a course which M'Alister strongly opposed-why, (perhaps, he could hardly have said himself. But !the way was rough and wild; road there waa 'none, merely a rough bush track, muca obstructed by rocks and fallen trees ; the place was lonely ; ' ánd, above all, there was a gho3t. In years gone by a foul murder had been done there, a murder 1 which was not discovered till long afterward ; and tradition said that on dark stormy nights, such as this promised to be, the victim's ghost still haunted that dark, desolate gully. Mac, with more than a Scotsman's superstition, firmly be lieved in that ghost, and was urgent in his en treaties that Fairfax would not tempt the dangers of the gully on such a night. But tho commis sioner was firm. ' Fidcm servo/ he said, lightly. 'You wouldn't have me go back on my motto, would you? Here Stubbs,'he added, as a trooper orossed in front of them; ' send round the Colonel. Smartly, now. I want to be off at once.' As Fairfax mounted, M'Alister gave him one warning word. ' Gang roond by the road, sir, like a good lad. Gang roond by the road. Dinna tempt the dangers o' the gully the night. See, the storm will be on us soon.' And a low growl of distant thunder echoed away among the hills. Harry Fairfax sprang on to his horse. ¡ 'I said I'd be there by ten, and so I will. Goodbye till Monday, Mao, you old croaker goodbye. , And he cantered gaily down into the darkening camp. The diggers still olustered round Peter Finn's grog shanty ; but they sullenly made way for Fairfax as he passed. The men stopped their talk; and a voice said out of the darkness : ' I hope you're not going far to-night, sir. The storm is breaking.' 'Only through Mark's Golly across to Thacka ringa.' 'The place has an evil reputation,' said the strange voice. 'Good night, sir, anda pleasant ride.' Good night to you,*' said Fairfax, good naturedly. Now, who the dickens,' he thought to himself, ' can that voice belong to P It waa a gentleman's voice, I'll bet ; a cultivated voice. Whose is it P' And he puzzled his brains till he reached the en « trance to Mark's Gully, when it came upon him with a flash. ' Why, of course, it's that old lag, Davis. Mac always said he'd been a gentleman once ; but I never could believe it with that villainous count enance under my very eyes. Well, I'd rather not meet you in this lonely gully, for all that soft voice of yours.' Very lonely and dark and weird seemed the gully as Fairfax entered it. The storm, so long threatened, had broken j uat as he entered; and the rain came down in such torrents as almoat to take his breath away. \- ' By Jove,' said Harry to himself, ' I believe Mao was right after all, The nearest way th ero ia the longest way round. I'll bo much aston ished if I reached Thackaringa before 10.' A * ;v little farther, and he stopped for a breathing space, and to wait for the next flash to Bee tho time by his watch. It told him it was not yet 8 o'clock. The flash showed him something else too. It showed him an overhanging branoh right in his path, and beyond that again, lonely and unfrequented aa he ; knew the gully to be, he could almost nave sworn he saw the red shirt and villainous countenance of Davis, flo laughed a little uneasily to himself at the grim fancy j for he know he had left the man in camp at least five milea behind. But the feeling was strong upon him that he was not alone. 'All right, old horse,' he said aloud, with a sigh of relief ; ' I suppose we've seen the ghost.' The next minute, above the crash of the thunder, he heard the sharp crack of a pistol, and felt a burning pain in his side ; and the reins dropped from his helpless left hand. The colonel started off ; but before his rider could gather the reins up in his right hand someone had seized the horse's head, and, forcing him back on his haunches, almost succeeded in flinging Fairfax to the ground. , ' It's that devil of a commissioner,' said a voice he recognised as the one which had bidden him such kindly good night barely an hour before. ' Come, haul him down, Peter. You've got him now.' Harry barely made any resistance. One snatch he made for his revolver; but rough hands dragged it away from him. There were a ringing i and dizziness in his head ; and' by the time they bad pulled him from his horse, and flung him on the ground, he had lost consciousness for a brief j space. When he came to again he found he had J been dragged from the traok into the dense scrub. His hands were tied behind him; and the two men standing beside him had lighted a lantern, which dimly illuminated their evil countenances and dripping beards. Dim as it was it showed them plainly to their viotim-Peter Finn; and Davis. ' Peter Finn/ he said, feebly, ' you here ?. How did you get here ?' ¡ 'Ah ha, my fine cock,' said the olding, stooping and flashing the lantern in,his face; 'so you wants to know that, does youP Well, we walked across the hilltop, we did ; while you went round/ Harry felt drearily that he was utterly help less j utterly in their power. The storm was pass ing away. The lightning flashes came at longer and longer intervals. The thunder was'more distant ; and the rain, too, had almost ceased ; but the light of the lantern seemed to him to bound his world. When he moved his eyes away from it all round seemed densest darkness. ' What are you going to do with me ?' he asked. ' What do you want ? Money ? How much ? ' ' Money !' said the soft voice of Davis, with a string of vile oaths. 'No. Money won't do the trick this time. 'Tis vengeance we want ; and we mean to take it out of your hide.' And he cut the man with his heavy whip. The blood of all the Fairfaxes boiled in Harry's veins. He made one frantic struggle to get free-a struggle which showed him not only the firmness of his bonds, but also that the pistol shot must have hurt him far more than he had at first thought. From that moment he gave up hope. ' Poor little Marjorie ! the thought flashed through his brain ; ' dear little woman, they will kill me now; and I'll never see her again.' And he closed his eyes resignedly, and lay still till Peter Finn with brutal ferocity kicked him in the side, and wrung a groan from him in spite of himself. ' Are you going to murder me ?' he asked, faintly. 'No ; we ain't agoing to murder yon. We ain't agoing to stain ourdeliket hands with your blood. We know a trick worth two on that. We're agoing to take you off thé traok a bit, just to be nice an' quiet like, an'away from'disturbances, though there ain't a many along here, to be sure, and then we'll see. Come, get up with you.' But Fairfax felt it was out of his power to get up. Peter, with many oaths and kicks, which only elicited a faint groan from their victim, endeavored to make him move, but in vain. ' Bill/ he said at last, ' that shot of yours pretty near done for him, I think. There's a big tree just there. Let's tie him up an' leave him. Wot's the good o* waitin'?' 'That's true/ said Davis, 'quite true. We don't want to be away long. Tie the horse up to that sapling. Now lift him on to his feet. That's right. Now, my boy, for a rope, and we'll have bim triced up in a jiffy.' It took a moment or two before the situation dawned on Fairfax's dazed senses; but when Peter forced him up against the rough trunk of a towering gum tree, and Davis began to bind him there with strands of stout rope, its full horror burst on him in all its force. ' For God's sake/ he prayed, ' as you are men don't do this thing. KUI me outright. But my God, my God, don't leave me here to die by inches/ ' Dying by inches, that's just what it ÍB ; and if ll take you a long while to die too/ said Davis, with fiendish glee. ' There's an antheap nice and handy ; and the magpies and crows will come and pick out your eyes, and the ants will pick your bones clean. Oh, yes, we'll have a glorious revenge, won't we, Peter ? They won't miss you till Monday; and then I guess it'll be too late.' And he went on tieing knot after knot, and making his victim's bonds more firm. The brute then, raising the lantern, flashed it in the com missioner's eyes, and brought down his whip with Buch force as ¿o raise a purple wale right across the helpless man's face. * Take that/ he said j ' and may I never see your face again/ Fairfax could move neither hand nor foot j and his strength was fast failing. But he collected all his faculties for one last effort. ' You will/ be said solemnly, ' you will. You will meet me face to face to answer for this at the judgment seat of God.' Then his strength sud denly deserted him, and he fainted away. When consciousness returned the last traces of the storm had passed away., Overhead, in the deep, dark blue sky, tho full round moon looked pityingly down on him ; tho long wet leaves of tho gum trees skimmered in its silver radiance. On each fern frond were thousands of drops glittering liko diamonds ; and tho strong scont of the eucalyptus, brought out by tho heat and rain, filled the air with refreshing fragrance. Like fairyland looked tho glen; and yet, ho must dio ; ah, and that soon, for he thought with thank fulness that the men had defeated their own fiendish purpose ; they had shot him, had wounded him so badly that urileBa help' came he " would* assuredly bleed to death before morning, n And help could not come. How should it ? Those fiends had said it was only a mile across the hill-only a mile ; and yet, as far aB he was con cerned, it might have been thousands. WaB it, could it be this very evening he had passed that pool, this evening. No, surely it was years and years ago. And Marjorie, Marjorie, who was waiting for him ; Marjorie, who wouldn't give up hope till 10 because he had laughingly quoted his motto and bid her be sure he would always keep faith-he could not even send her a message ; he would never see her again, never, darling, darling. He moaned, ' My darling, you will never know how I longed for you to night.' There came thoughts of his mother in far away England ; that mother who had been so loth to let her boy go; and with her came the recollection of the prayers she had taught him. ' Our Father,' he mur mured, ' our Father,' and then 'Marjorie, Majorie,' he moaned, ' I can't pray. I can't keep faith. God pity me. God help me/ His lips were parched with thirst. The cruel ropes cut into his flesh, and numbed his limbs ; and the only feeling of which he was conscious was the slow trickling of the warm blood from the wound in his side-his life blood, which was ebbing away. Sight and hearing were failing fast. Dimly he was conscious that his horse was rubbing his soft velvety nose anxiously against his master, eagerly asking the caress which had never before been denied him. ' Go home, old fellow ; dear old fellow/ he murmured, feebly striving to touch this, the only friend left him. 'Tell them, tell Marjorie my dying thoughts were of her. Oh, my God-my God-my darling-my darling/ « * * .. # # Over at Thackaringa pretty Marjorie Dundas had waited impatiently all day long for her lover. ? , ?} * He'll not come to-night, dear. So don't think it/ said her brother Tom, who was father and mother, brother and sister, all in one, to his little orphan sister. * There's a Btorm coming up ; and if he's been busy at all he'll wait now till to-morrow/ ' No, he won't/ declared Marjorie, 'he said he'd come if he could. But I wasn't to expeot him till 10, when he'd be certain to be here. Fidem servo, you know. If he was very busy he might come up through Mark's Gully/ Tom blew a oloud of smoke from his pipe. ' Well, well/ he said, ' what a thing it is to be in love. Mark's Gully, now, is a cheerful plaoe for an evening's ride. I tell you what, Marjorie Daw. However much in love he is, he's bound to be pretty wet and cold after the s corm. So take my advice, and have a roaring fire and a stiff glass of grog for his benéfit. Come, and sit still now ; there's a good girl/ But Marjorie could not Bit still. A very demon of restlessness seemed to have possessed her. She wandered in and out from one room to another, wandered out on to the broad verandah, and restlessly began a weary march up and down, listening to the orash of the thunder, and the torrents of tropical rain pouring out into dense darkness, lit up every now and then by the steel-blue lightning. ' Do come in, Marjorie/ said Tom more than once, ' and sit still a bit. Fairfax won't be here any the sooner for your prowling about out there in the dark like a little owl. Come in, I say/ But Marjorie turned a deaf ear to his remon strances ; and, half an hour after, he brought his pipe, and joined her. * The storm's pretty near over/ he said, glancing up at the sky, where the fuU moon was gallantly struggling through the broken cloudB. 'HarryTl be so wet/ sighed Marjorie, with a break in her voice, which sounded suspiciously like a sob. ' I almost wish he hadn't promised to come over/ ' Silly little woman ! A wetting won't do him any harm/ said her brother, patting her shoulder kindly. 'Fidem servo, indeed. Well, I'd have to be very much in love before I'd keep faith on a night like this/ 'I know he'll be here at 10/ said Marjorie, with conviction, and resumed her march up and down. 9 o'clock struck. The storm had passed away. Half-past, and the moon had conquered entirely, and was riding triumph antly in the sky, while the only traces of the struggle remaining were the beaten down flowers in the garden, the levelled grass, and the dripping wet creepers which smothered the verandah. Five minutes to 10. ' He'U be here in a minute/ said Marjorie, looking down the moonlit path. ' I wonder we don't hear the horse/ The next moment a glad cry of ' Oh, here he is,' died on her lips; for there, standing on the end of the verandah, right in the light of the full summer \ moon, stood her lover, tall and straight as when she had last seen him; yet something in his aspect killed the glad cry which rose to her lips. She seemed to stand transfixed ; and it flashed through her mind that there must be something wrong something-for bow came Harry Fairfax there bareheaded, with uniform torn, and bright spurs dimmed, a oruel red mark marring the beauty of his face, and Buch a look of yearning, loving, pas sionate tenderness in tho dark eyes, which never moved from her face, as even she had never seen there before. She took one Btep forward? ' Harry/ she cried. . ' Harry, my dear love.' But there was nothing. On the spot where he had stood were only the flickering shadows of the creepers, and a white patoh of moonlight. ' Marjorie,' she heard her brother's voice sound ing, dim and far away. ' Marjorie '-Bhe felt his hand on her shoulder-' are you dreaming, child ? Fairfax isn't there/ ' No, no/ she moaned, sinking into his Btrong arms, and laying her hoad wearily on his shoulder. 'Ho is dead, dead. My dear love is dead/ ' Marjorie, darling/ remonstrated her brother, gently smoothing hor hair. ' Marjorie, my little girl ; think what you aro saying." But she lay passively in his arms, drearily repeating, 'Hois dead, dead ; I saw him, and I know ho ia dead. Ho kept faith through all, but he is dead. I know he is dead/ Then with suelden passion she roused herself, and eagerly besought her brother to go down Mark's Gnllj}, and find out what had happened. She would* ni>t"go; It~waS"tiBSlesB. Sirs-should never see him'again ; but Tom, Tom must go, must go at once. Thus urged, he set out accom panied by one pf his men, reluctant to leave hiB little sister, and yet. glad of the chance of dis pelling the strange delusion which seemed to have taken, such firm hold on her. Once in the wild gully, . wet and Blippery after the storm, he was disposed to call himself a fool for his pains, and waB on tho point of turning back when the man with him leant over, and spoke ' There's some one coming along, boss,' he said. Dundas's heart gave a wild bound. If only it should be Fairfax, and he could take him home safe and sound to comfort his sister. But the next moment he found himself face to face with Daniel M'Alister and three troopers ; and for the first time that evening his fears took definite form. ' Gude save us, Dundas,' cried the Scot, ' what brought ye here ?' ' My sister,' replied Dundas, laconically. ' She is wild about Fairfax, declares he promised to be with her at 10, and when he did not arrive she vowed she saw his bloody ghost standing on the^, verandah.'- . ' 'Weel, weel,' said Mac, shaking his head sorrowfully. Tm fear'd. His horse cam back * to camp wi' a bullet mark on the saddle,-an' an'-dear lad. I pray we may na' be too late.' Up and down the gully they searched the night through. Just as the sun waa rising they found him. Eager banda cut his bonds, and gently laid him on the grass. But Dundas Baw at a glance that he must have died hours before. ' Oh, my .God,' he cried, kneeling down beside the dead man, and clasping his cold hand in his own,'how am 1 to tell her?' ' Puir lassie,' said the Scot, tenderly touching the dark hair, and gently closing his eyes. 'd?uir lad. He has told her himsel'. Ye ken, he keepit faith after aV « There was a terrible stir in the camp at Frying pan Creek, when Dundas and MfAlister came back with their sad burden; for, though many had dislikedthe commissioner, few indeed were to be found who did not shrink with horror at the foul deed which had been done almost in their very midst. Who were the criminals it seemed almost impossible to conjecture, and the deed might have remained one bf the many mysteries of tho Australian bush had not the haunted conscience of Peter the Lag impelled him to turn Queen's evidence, a course which brought his partner in. crime to the gallows, and sent him forth an outcast, branded before all the world with the brand of Cain. Sweet Marjorie Dundas is Marjorie Dundas still; for, though many lovers came wooing the acknowledged belle of all the district round, she ? felt she could never put another in the place of the man whom she had loved so well, and who had loved her so well as to keep his word even from beyond the grave. 