* A GHOST STORY. HOME'S FIRSTXL~O1 . ("D. D. Io0Mt: I1S LIte ADE XIoIOX," BY xADAAE DOUGLAS HOMn.) Homo was, as iaonal, with his friend Edwin in the woods. The two boys wer both great readers, and when either of themn had fount anything in a book that interested him, it was more to be communicated to the other. On this occasion-it was in April, 184.0 or 1?lt0-Edwin was lull of a ghost story that he had just mred. The event it related to is assoclatel with the history of a noble English family; and Iaam told that it furnishod Sir Walter .cott with the groundwork of one of his ?alluad. A lady and her lover had mutually agreed that, if there were a life beyond this, the one who died first should appear to the survivor. In pursuunce of this vow, the lover, within a few days of his death, presented himself to his mistress. She treated the vision as a delttsion of her seaees; on which the spirit atretehed forth his hand and laid it on hers, leaving there a mark that was ineffahcuble. Many years after he had listened to this legend in the woods of Norwich, Home met in England a member of the family to which it related, and was assured that the history was well authen. ticated, and that a portrait of its heroine still asted, known in the family as "the lady with the black ribbon," from a overin ab sh had always worn on her wrist, to conoea-the mark. When Edwin's story was told the two boys set themseles to dise it, and also te pembihIty of such opparhtions of departed spirits the romance of their age, they ended by agre. g to ind themselves by the same romee tt the two losers in the legend had taten, and ox changed vows on the spot, in the most solemn manner they could devise. A few woeks later Homo went to ulie at Troy. He was then about thirtee years of age. In the month of Juno following he had been spending the even. ng at a friend's house, and on return. ing to that of his aunt found that she had alre?ty retired to rest. Fearing to be scolded for being late, her nephew hastened to follow her examplo. It was a loely summer's ni?l?t, and the moon, phining through the our. tamlea? window of lao room, rendered a candle neneesoary; but at the moment when the boy, having finished his prayers, was slipping into bed, her light was suddeuly darkened. Startled by the phenomenon, Home looked up, and beheld a vision that, he has describedin the opening cpter of his "Indcidents in M"y "ife," published in the year 1863 hby Mesrs. Longman: "I was about to draw the sheet over me," hoe writes, "when a sudden darkness seemed to poruido the room. This surprised me, inasmurh as I had not seeo a cloud in the sky; and on looking up I saw the moon still shining, but it wuo on the other side of the darEkness wldeh still 'grew more donseo, until through the darknessethorn scomed to bea gtoesn of light, whlich I cannot describe; but it was elmilar to those which I and many others have since see when tilhe room has been illaminatled y spiritual presence. This light intoresed, and my attentlon wits drawn to the foot of. my bed, whereo stood my- frienid Edwin. Ito appeared as in_ a cloud of bright. nese, illumirtaltm his face with e diotiectnoss more than mortal . . He looked on me with a smile of ineffable sweetness; then, slowly raising the right arm, he pointed "upward, and, ualinLg with it three circles in tho air, the hand. began slowly to disippear. Then the arm, and flnally the whole body, molted away. Tho natural light of the room was then again apparent. I was speechless, and could not move, though I rotained all my reasoning faculties, "As soon as the power of movemoet was resatored I rang the bell, unod the family, thinking I was ill, cuno to my room, when Jay flrst words words wore ; -'.I havo soae.Edwin he died three days ago.' A day or two after wards a lottor was received announneel' tho de ath of Edwin after a very short illnees.' "?mo time ago theo oxporinments thoy were iwome making inYFrinoo.on the effect of the Lo-bel prolootlr upon, humauni Iedlee wore noted- IUnelned" corpses- from the publc mortuaries and hospitals Iweroe set nl aed shot at, 