Townsville. Aujriut 6. The hopos which were rniscd in the breasts of the douizens of. thoso parts by tho showers which fell here a-little over a week ago have been doomed to disappointment, and a state of drought prevails in tho district, which is very trying to tho unfortunate cattlo. Butter and dairy produce of all kiuds is scarco and dear, nud as hardly any of tho selectors up this way inako auy provision for a dry season, of courso many of thorn have to turn out their cows to take their chattel). It is to bo hoped wo shall havo an early spritig,* or eoino of the uufortunuto brutes wil) Jjave u hard strugglo to exist. There were complaints heard last month of the dull ness of trade, but matters have mended, and a rovival is now reported at the opening of the new month. # I havo not heard of any who wero m difficulties over the 4th, so it inay he hoped that the little bills were duly met. At least one firm in town is going in for ex tension. Messrs. Hollis Hopkins and Co. are going to add another story to their already fine warehouse in Sturt street, which will make it four stories high. It is proposed to intro duce a hydraulic lift in tho alteration, which will be the first in Towasville. Townsville has a substantial grievance against the Government over the coastal mail service, and it will be indeed surprising if the local Chamber of Commerce does not movo in the matter. It is notorious that tho coastal boats hardly ever arrive up to time, but when tho time for the arrival of the Tuesday's boat was in the morning the inconvenience was not so serious, as people could genorally depend upon getting their letters in tho afternoon. Now, however, the contract time for the arrival of the steamer in the bay is 3.30 in the afternoon, and when she does not arrive until three or four hours after that time, or sometimes more, it entails rather objectionable consequences. For one thing, business people cannot depend upon getting their correspondence, even when they have private boxes, until near midnight, and iu any case, the up-country correspondence, whieh generally arises out of the letters from thesouth, would be too late for Wednesday's western mails, and thus a mail is lost. Then the Post Offico officials are kept at work until near midnight, and Charters Towers can not, Tinder present conditions, have the ghost of a chance of getting southern letters on Tuesday night. The alteration in the time of departure from Brisbane is partly responsible for the trouble, and as the Government have just given the A.U.S.N. Company a fresh contract for five years without any penalty for non-arrival at contract time at intermediate ports, it is, not unnaturally, felt that tbero might be a little more consideration shown for public convenience. The Waroonga arrived so late last trip that the Jungfrau Kapelle missed their first night's performance, although, according to the manager's statement, the arrangement was made in the A.TT.S.N. Company's office in Bris bane. By the way, these clever musicians hod a very good reception in Townsville. They were favoured with full houses, and the audiences were evidently highly pleased with the beauti ful and novel entertainment provided. Mr. District Court Judge Noel has had a pretty heavy calendar of minor offences to work off this time. One Edward Dalton, convicted of the robbery of a gold watch, with violence, from Catherine Caeey* boarding-housekeeper, ab the lost races, was sentenced to two months* imprisonment in Townsville gaol, and to receive *20 lashes. The sentence is a novel one in this part of tho world, but the number of laehes is uot excessive. The coloured element figured i conspicuously, Javanese and Cingalese labourers being apparently given to pocket-picking and stealing. The country will now have to sup port eomo of these gentry for a term of years. The Presbyterian congregation, which has been for a long time without a minister, has now been supplied by the'advent of the Rev.' A. M. Gauld, late otGympie, who has accepted a call from Townsville, and was inducted yes terday by the Rev. A.H'Watt Allan, of Charters Towers. 