JESUS OHRIST THE LORD iOP GLORY- A REPLY TO MR WALTERS. TO the ed itou or the iirrald. Slit,— My attention has been dircotod to an artiolo in your issue of yesterday, entitled, "Was Jeans God 7" by tlio Rov. G. Walters- I trust you will permit mo to reply to that statement iu your widely circulated journal. Thu question debated io 0110 of pnrnnnmnb interest. I desiro to approach tho discussion very vevorontly, with tlio euro so momentous a theme demands. I observe that Mr Walters affirms thnb almost anything can bo "proved" by picking oub texts from tho lhblo and ranking a judicious mo of thorn." To this ib inns) bo replied thnb the Scriptures nro tlio only courb to which wo can in thisenso appeal. Science, philosophy, nnd the human intellect, nro alike incoin|Kitonb to suggest, much loss soltlo, this groab spiritual question. The Deity of our Lord Jesus Christ could only bo revealed by God, and that revelation, con firmed and proved by tlio lifo and work of Him of whom John snys "This is tho true God and oternnl lifo."— -1 John, 0oh., 20v. Tho first passngo quotod by Mr Walters Is that fouiul in John's Gofipol, 1st cli. "In tlio beginning WA9 tho Word, nnd the Word wns with God, And tho Word was God. ' Tina statement is tho rovolntion from God Now, instead of replying to mid nuswcrmg theso remarkable and conclusive words, Mr Waltcis proceeds to coll In question tho authenticity of tho Gospel which contains thein nnd tho improbnility of tho Apoatlo John being tlio writer of tho Gospel. This statement declares that Jesus Christ was behind nil kuowledgo nud before nil timo j that in tho beginning ho wns nob only "with God bub tliut ho was God." Now, either this Scripture is true or ib is 110b. If tlio atntomenb is nob true lob Mr Walters oloarly refute ib. Ho certainly hns not douo so in tho smallest de gree. To refer this scripture to an attempt (which Mr Walters says it certainly was) " to assimilate tho theories of tho early church witli tho philosophy of Philo," is altogether brsido the mark. There Is nothing in tho philosophy of Philo which either touches on or in tlio least compares with Him who, ns tho Son of God, is described in theso words Who, being .tiic enifugenco of His glory and tho very itnngo of His substance, nnd upholding all things by tbo word of % Ilia power, when Ho had made purification of sins safe down at tho right haml of tlio Majesty 011 high," Hob, 1, 8. It. V.|Tho creation of such nn uloal as that> whioh is hero described, and which our Lord Jesus Christ rcnlly was, would bo moro marvellous than tho fact itself. Apart from tho question of tlio authorship of Die Gospels, Mr Walters is aware thnb wo nro face to faco with tho truism that they nro in exist ence. Wo possess the Scriptures. They can- nob be argued off tlio platform. Thoy must bo accounted for. That tho writers of tho synop tics or tho author of tho Gospel bearing John's nnmo should consent to ngrco .together to doccivo their fellowiucn by tlio creation of nn ideal character of surpassing excellence and glory is simply im possible. Should such an hypothesis bo affirmed wo aro driven to tho conclusion that the most perfect testimony concerning personal character ever delineated is n deliberate im posture. It appears tome that if this bo bo wo nro bound to admit that deception has pro- tluocid sincerity; unholincss, holiucss; impurity, purity; am n fourfold ho lms begottou tlio im personation of truth. Surely it L<j linpossiblo to reason ou such lines, Mr Wallers inusb bo awaro thnb tho S crip- tares repeatedly cmplmsisio the oxtraordinarv claims put fortli by tho Lord J csus Chrlst.I eive two or three illustrations. Let ovory roador mark tho following words oi tho Apostlo Paul. Speaking of Christ Jesus, I10 says, "Who ib tho imago of tho invisibJo God, tho Arab born of all creation, for by, or In Idm were all things created in the heavens, and upon tho enrtli, things visible, and tilings invisible, whethor throned or dominions, or principalities, or powers I AH things havo been created through hun, and unto him." Col. 1, 15, 1G. R.V. So also when tho Jews said in reply to our Lord's statement, "Thou art not yet fifty years old, nnd hasbthou soon Abraham?" Jesus replied "Verily, verily, I say unto you, boforo Abraham was I am," Lcb ib bo romombered that In tho passage I have quotod Christ Jesus is doclared to bo tbo Creator. Now, tho Creator Is not, aud cannot be, tho crontnro. Iu tlio manifestation of His dtvino oharactcr to inan it is evident that Ho, A9 God, was com- petenb lo becomo nnd bo found in fashion ns n man. Phil. 2 ch, 7 8 v. In creating, on two occasions, bread sufilcionb for fivo thousand and four thousand person?, He, by His workB, distinctly revealed Himsolf as tho Creator. In ray judgmcub, His God head is absolutely proved by His works. Tho Question is somotlmcs thoughtlessly asked, who created God ? Such a question is irrational. A created botng is a creature. Tho Creator cannot be created. Yes, sir; iu dealing with Christ Jesus tho Lord wo havo reached tlie fonntaiii head of what has been well called tho Nature of Tilings. Take, again, our Lord's majestic words, " I am tlio way, tho truth, and tha lifo. No man cometh unto tho Father bub by Me." John 14 ch, G v. I venture to affirm that suoh words would bo tho boldest blasphemy if uttered by any other than Ho of whom Isaiah writes " Unto us a child is born and unto us a Son is given, mid tho Government shall bo upon His shoulder ; and His name shall bo called Wonderful, Councillor, The Mighty God, Tho Everlasting Father, Tho Prince of Peace, ic." — Isa,, 9ch. G-7v. So also with fnctsivo emphasis on the occasion of Phillip's request, "Lord show us tho Father and it sufficotli us," Jesus replied, "Ilnvo I been to long time with you and yot hast thou not known Mo, Phillip. Ho that hath seen Mo . hath seen tho Father. How sayost thou thon show us tho Father. Beliovesb thou not that I am In tho Father and tho Father in me. Tho words that I say unto you I speak nob from mytolf, bub tho Father abiding in tno doeth tho works. Bolicvo mo that I am In tho Father, and tho Father in me, or else beliovo tno for tlio very work's sake." John 14, ohap. 8, 12 (R.V.). Now, so long as words aro what thoy are, viz., designed to convoy truo statements, no speoial pleading or fanciful explanation can alter tho forco of this testimony to Christ's propor Doity. Jesus hero explicitly declared, ai in nuothcr memorablo Scripture, "I nnd my Father nro one," 1 frankly ndmlb tho profound mystery which gathers round tho truth of "Tho Incar nation, ' bub X would far 'rather accept that mystery than jwoakon, much loss destroy, tho moral perfection of Christ Jcsuh as tho Lord of Truth. 1 cauuob affect surprise that Mr Waltovs finds it essential to Ill's position to weaken tho forcoofScripturo by suggostingdoubtasto thoir supiemo authority nnd absolute truthfulness. Many things nro full' of inyscoryito us simply because of our prcsonb incompetency of appro- houBiou, Oertaiuly wo nro uot'ab liberty to re ject all wo cannot explain. I frankly concedo that thoro aro somo pas sages 111 tlio Biblo which prove, boyond all question, tho gronb statement of Scripture that "Tho Lord our God is ono Lord," Deub. 6, 4. I boliovc this wibh all tho forco of calm intel lectual oonviotion. To mo ib is a that strong argument in defence of tho Scripture?. He who gavo man thu gifb of speech and laitguago - should speak to roan by tho Scripture, Mr Walters reminds us tlrnb in Frovorbs, 8th chap., wo read of Wisdom. This Is so, bub ib is also written "Christ tho power of God nndthowiedotn|of God," or onco jnore, "Of Him are yo in Christ Jesus who of God is inado unto us wisdom, righteous- noss, snntification nnd redemption, that according as Jb is written lie that glorieth. lob him glory in the Lord." 1 Cor., 1, 80 1 venture to suggcat that tho unwiao usu of tho term, "person" and "persona" husbeana great stumbling block to inany conooruiug tho three fold manifestation of God. Ib inuab bo borno lu mind that Tritheisttc descriptions of tho Deity abouud in tho Scripture, Tho Father, Tho Son, and Tho Holy Ghost, aro each con stantly identified in their separata manifesta tions. I may with revcrouco stato tt)ab the spirit of mutual cxnltntiou and preference of the honor of the other is as wonderful In tho Scripture as it is marvellous, ; Ib is no difficulty to 1110 that wo read, " My Father ia greater than Ij" or again, " Of that day kuowethno man, neither the angel8,nor the Son, bub iny Fattier only." I seo Jesus subordinated as tho -lowly servant, and yet exalted " Gtfd over all, blessed for over." Tho word "person "is, I beliovo, a Latimsm, which caino into uso nearly four centuries baclc. I cannob suggest a word that would ineob tho noud of its placo in tho Scripture, nnd yot it' is mischievous. Tlio reason is thatdircatly wo uso tho words 4'pcr#ou" or " persons " dis tinct iiidividualisma icomo to mind, e.g., a .father, a ' sou, or n daughter. But tho senBO in which wo uso. tho word, viz.f< as soparato individualisms , is not applicable to tho Divine Being. Wo ourselves illustruto in part tho Scripture testimony of the fact of " the Trinity iu unity," to quuto 1 theological term. Man baa a spirit, soul and body, aiid theso tbroo are mysteriously otic. (1 Tbes., b, 23). . Tho family gives lYsimilar- iHiintration— husband, wife and child. ' Light unravelled yields thieo primary colots-Todj orange, blue. Tho room whoro I writo hoiiu- R light, warmth and air, neither of which oan bo dispensed with. Indeed Nature boreeE is lull of illustrations of tho Tritlieistfd idoo, I truBb Mr Waltora will reconsider tho words Avbloh ho has used inconuootiou with tlitf agony and anguish of tho Cross. I plond with that Kcntlomon nob to givo great pain to mnnv of us who beliovo tho Scripture which says, "Ho hath made Hltu to boaiu for us Avhokhow no sin, that. wo mlghb bo made tho righteous ncns of God In Him."2 Cor. 5-21. May I add, in uouolusion, that wo wiio are described nt) orthodox and ovnngclicnl really bnliovo tliao "God was in Christ, reconciling tho world unto Hiinsolf," 2Cor. 5-19. Tho lovo ot God waa manifested in tho gift of Hun who,luour judg ment, was never inoro loved of tho lloly Fattier than when he cried, "My God, My God, why hast thou foraken mo?" Mr Walters seems to think that our viow of tho deity of Christ iinpnirs his truo mid real Iiuiiimiity. This I could not consent to for ft'' inomonb. Ilis humanity ia glorious to mo imw cause Ho is tho Diviuo Man. What unutterf ablo majesty, "iufinito tenderness, and truo human licartedncsA is given by Isaiah in theso wonderful tvordft, "Who hoidoth tlie waters iu tho IioUoav of Ids timid. Who mcetethloub Heaven Avith tho span j who gathcrot.il tho lambs with His arm and enrrioth them In his bosom." Tea., oil. -10, 10 v, Sublime, gloriouB contrast, infiidto grcntnea, inflnlto tenderness, yea, iufinito littleness sldti1 by side. HENRY VARLEY. P.S.— Many thanks for your courtesy to mo whilst iu your city. 