Bill Nye's* View of Julius j Cesar. .' (Kite Tor!: World. January 1.) The play of 'Julius Caesar,' which has been at tho Academy of Music, Now York, this week, has mado a great hit. ? MesBrs. Booth and Barrett very wisely decided that if it succeeded hero it would do well anywhere. If tiie people of New York like a play and say bo, it ib almost euro to go olsowhoro. Judging by ihiatest, tho plav of 'Julius Cieaar'has o glowing future ahead of it. It was written \\\V flnn+TotYlO Yi QKnirnmnniin T-.t aa— n-wl Donnelly, who collaborated together on it. Shukcspearo did tho lines and pi it, Bacon furnished the cipher, and Donnelly called attention to it through tho papers. : The scene of ' Julius , Crcsar ' is laid in Rome just beforo the railroad was completed to that place. In order to understand tho play itself wu must glanoo briefly at tho leading characters which' are introduced,, and upon whom its success largely depend?. the Roman papors by calling tlio attention of tho medical f.-ioulty to the now justly celebrated CieHirian operation. Taking advantage of the advertisement thus attained, he soon rose to prominence, and flourished considerably from 100 to.-14 B.C., when a committco of roproaen tativo citizens and pvoperty- owners ot Rome called upon him, and on behalf of tho people bogged leave to assassinate him as a mark of esteem. He was stabbed 23. times botween Pompey's Pillorand 11 o'clock, many of whioh were mortal. This account of tho assassination is taken from a local paper, and la graphic, succinct, and lacks tho sensational ? elements so common and so lamentable in our own time. Csesar was the inmlavablo foo of the aristocracy. and refused to wear a plug-hat up to tho day oi his death. Sulla onco said, beforo Csesar had made muth of a shewing, that some day this young man would be the ruin of the uristocroov, and U0 years afterward, when Csesar sacked, assassinated, and' holocausted a whole theo logical seminar}' for saying 'eyether' and ' nyether,' tho old settlers recalled what Sulla had taid. Ctisaii at the Table. Cietar continued to eat pie with a knife,' and in miiny other ways to endear himsolf to the musses until OS B.C., when he ran for Quiestor. Afterword lie was ..'Edile, during the term of which office he sought to introduce new games and extend tlio limit on some of the older ones. From this to the Senate wus but a sten. In the Senate he was known as a good speaker, but ambitious, and liable to turn up during a close vote when 1ub enemies thought he was at homo doing his chores. This mado him at times odious to thoso who opposed him, and when he defended Cataline and offered to go on his bond, Crcsur came near being condemned to death himself. In G2 B.C. he went to Spain as Proprietor, intending to write a book about tho Spanish people and rlieir customs as soon as he got back, but he »-as so bufy on his return, that he did not have time to do. so. Ciosar was a powerful man with the people, . and while in Hie Senate worked hard for his constituents whilo othor senators wore having their photographs taken. He went iuto the army when the war broke out, and after killing a great many pooplo against whom ho certainly could not have had anything personal, he re turned, headed by the Rome Silver Cornet Baud, and loading a procession over two milps in length. It was at this time that ho was tendered a crown just as ho was passing the City Hull, but thrice he refused if. After each rofupa: the people applauded and encored him until he hud to ref uso it again. It is about this time tho plaj- opens. Ciesar had ju6t ar rived on a speckled courser and dismounted outside the town. He comes in at the head of the procession with the understanding that the crown is to be offered him just as he crosses over to the courthouse. Booth as a MuGirrair. Here Cai-Eius and Brutus meet, and Cassius tries to make a mugwump of Brutus, so that they can organise a new movement. Mr. Edwin Booth takes the charaater of Brutus and Mr. Lawrence Barrett takes that of Cussius; I would not want to take the character of Cassius myself, even if I hud run short of character aud needed somo very much indeed, but Mr. Barrett takes it and does it firstrute. Mr. Booth also plays Brutus, ho that old settlers hero say it eeems almost like having Brutus hero among us again. Brutus was'a Roman Republican with strong tariff tendencies He was a good extempo raneous after-dinner speaker and a warm por honal friend of Oesar, though differing with him politically. In assassinating '^Ciesar, Brutus used to say afterward ho did not feel tho slightest personal animosity, but did it entirely for the good of the party. This is ono thing 1 like about politics — you can cut out a man's vitals and hung them on the Christmas-tree, and drag the fair name of his wife or mother around through, the towers for six weeks before election, and so long as it is done for the good of a party it is all right. So, when Brutus is authorised by tho caucus to lu-Misn'imto Cii'sar, ho feels that, like being President of the United States, it is a disagree able jcb; but, if the good of the party seems really to demand it, ho will do it, though he wishes it distinctly understood that personally he lniHi't got a thing against Ciesar. ? Ni,w Vebsion of Tins Ghost. In Act 4 Brutus sits up late, reading a story by E. P. Roe, and just as he is in tho most exciting part of it the ghost of the assassinated Cicear appears and states that it will meet him with hard gloves at Philippi. Brutus looked bored, and says ho is not in condition, but the ghost leaves it that way, and Brutu* looked still much bored, till tho ghost goes ottt through a white-ouk door without opening it. At Philippi, Brutus sees there is no hope of police interference, und bo beforo time is called ho inserts his sword into his being and dies, whilo tho polite American audienoo puts on its overcoat, and goes out, looking ovor its shoulder to see that Brutus does not take advantage of thia moment, while the people are going away, to resuscitate kimself. The play is thoroughly enjoyabloall the way through, especially Csesar's funoral. The idea of intrcduoing a funeral and engaging Mark Antony to dtOivor tho eulogy, with tho under standing that he wuk to have his travelling ex penses paid and tho privilege of selling his sermon toil syudicuto, shows geniiiB on the part of the joint authors. All tho way through the play is gocd, but sad. Thoro is no divertise uicntortank in it, Out tho funeral more than niukcs up for all that. - Poiitia Hab Malacia. \Vhero Portia begs Brutus, before tho UEsas^ination, to tell her all and let hor in on tho ground floor, and asks what the matter. is, i.nd he claims that it is malaria, and she still intitts, und asks : ' Dwell I but in tho sub stance of your good pleasures f' and ho states, '}ou uro my true and honourablo wife, as dear to me as are tho ruddy drops that visit my sad heart,' I forgot myself and wopt my new plug-hat two-Uiirds full. Itis as good as any . thing theie is in Josh Whiteomb'e play. Booth and Barrett have tho makings of good actors in them, and I often think that if Mr. Booth would chirk up a little moro, especially at .'he nKUSsiuation, lie would win every heart. I mot both of these gentlemen in Wyoming 6Oine yeurB ago. Wo mot by accident. Thoy wero goitg to California and I was coming buck. Ey somo oversight wo had both selected the samo truck, aud so woro thrown together. I did not know whether thoy will reoall my faco or not. I was riding on tho sleeper truck at the timo of Iho accident. I always take a sleeper and always did. I rodo on tho truck becuuEO I diuVt want to ride insido tho car and have to associate with a wealthy porter who looked down upon me. I am tho man who was found down tho creek the noxt day gathering wild ferns and murmuring, ' Whoro am I F' '.Modal of the Geeat Pxay. Tho play of ' Julius Ca'sar' is ono which brings out the meanness and magnotism of Cassiup, and emphasises tho mistaken patriot ism of Brutus. It is full of pathos, duplicity, usijut-'tjiuutiou, treachery, crronooua loyalty, suicide, hypocrisy, and all the intriguo,' jeal out-y, cowardice, and hellishncss which o) aractiscd 1he politics of fiO yoars boforo Chribt, Imt which now, thanks to tho enlighten ment nr.d refinement which 20 conturios have bi ouyLt, are known no moro for ovor. Lot us not forget, an wo eater upon tho year 1888, Hint it is a jiireidcntial year, and that .all' acrimony will bo buried under ;tneidew and tho dunies, 'and, ^hatV^no, matter how .high-party . : BXi'iit niBjf truii, iherb ' will .bo no pirsouul [ ?qumiiy. '?' ' ' ' ''*' ' '? ''''' '?-.-'?: ?'???- ? ' ? . Brtx Nye. ? 