TBE INB Oa COKiSPIBA(Y. fOlW A OGRA.r )eUTINY WAS 8130PPED. (new roar erU). Many year a go, before the English gave up Tasmania as a penal colony, I was a cabin boy on the Australian packet Queen Bens. In those days every packet to Australia was crowded with emigrants, soldiers, and adven lurers, and on this occasion our passenger liar had a great many of the latter. There seemed to be a regtlar heigra of bad men from Liverpool oando London aboat that date, and I'll venture to say we had fifty on board who had no respect for tielaw of the land or the high eras. 'bey were fighting among themselves before we were cut of eight of land, and I heard the captain saying to the first mate that the bandoaffs and shackles should be made ready and the brig over. hauled, for it was likelr that some of the enetly moat soon be taken care of. The brig is the lockup on board of a ship, and in those days every packet had one provided, and on long voyages the brigs were omuch used. I was thirteen years old the day we left Liverpool, aid I had already made one voyage to Australia, and return with Captain Flemming, While we carried three cabin boys, I was engaged to wait on the captain alone. IIe was very kind and fatherly to me from the firet day I set foot on his ship, and I had a much pleasanter lot than usually falls to the boy who takes to the sea for a living. I don't may that I was any keener than the average boy of my age, but some. bow when I came to look over our crowd as we were about ready to sall, 1 saw trouble ahead. Two or three trifling incidents helped me to make np my mind to this. Most of the sailors who had been the other voyage had re-shipped for this one. ' here was one whom I posltively hated-a tall, evil eyed, hang-dog fellow-anod on the night before sailhtg, as I was dring an errand for the first mate, Mr. Cotton, at a public- house near the dock, I saw this sailor and two evil. looking landsmen in clone conversation over their ale. It so happened that I stood near them while waiting, and I heard one of the men address the rallor with: "Now Bill, it Is all understood." " Yee." "If they come aboard we are to help 'em take the ship T' " We are. " The women and children and ueach others as don't care to join on are to he landed some. where, and then for a free and-easy life." " That's the talk, mate," exclaimed Bill. " And it to to be an even divide of cash all around ? "put in the second laundman. " It is. We shall have to have officers, of course, butrine man willbe as good aeanother, anrid it ebstll be share and share alike." " And how many men have you sounded?" Bill espread hi great, hairy hand on the table and counted i ff his fingers: " ''There'a Jack-and ''or-anod lRobbins and Whistler-arrd-but I guers that's all. It's too early yet. We en you want a mnan for desperate work don't give him too toug t. think of it." At this point I was called away, and when I returned to the ship I went direct to the captain's cabin and related sel I had heard. Some sea captains in their arrogance and conceit, would have covered me wlth con tempt. Captain Flemming listened atten tivety until I had finished, and then he sent me to call Mr. Cotton and Mr. Johnson, the latter beira the second mate. I had to repeat the conversation for their beneet, " What do yen know about Bill, the sailor ?" asked the captain. " He was in my watch on the voyage bome," answered the second mate, " and 1 put him down for a vicious, mutirtou doot. Nothing but a blow from a belaying pin will Ilelp him along when he is int one of hie moods." Mr. Cotton didn't take much steck in my etory. He was one of those opionionated men who never take kindly to anything corning second hand. Mr. IRoinseon believed I had overheard all I said, but scorned the idea that there wee any plan againet theship. They were ordered to keep their eyes open in every direcrn"n from the hour we sa.iled, and when they had gone the captain turned to me with : " Now, Albert, I am eaiiefied in my own mind, from the character of some of the passengers going out with us, that a plot of some sort is hatching. You can come and ol withoutsuspicion. Beginning to-morrow, I want you to keep ci'culating through the ship. Keep your eyes and eare open cay alid night and you nleed do no other work. Whenever you hear. or see anything ene. picious let me know."' Most of the roughs and toughe came aboard at the last hour. They had lots of friends to take a parting drink with, and four-fifths of them were worse for liquor. I stood at the ganigwiay and sized earn one up as they came aboard, and I woudered greatly that the officers didn't seem to notice what a rough crowd they were. The fact that nearly all of them seemed to know each other was in itself a sust icioae incident, at least to my mind I no ed, also, that in the first hour of sai'ing many of the toughs seemed to be acquainted with a round dozen of our men before the mast, From the hour of ralling I was the ghost of the ship. I was engaged in a work which intereseed my whole nature, and I was too excited ro sleep more than an hour at a time. While I had access to, every part of the ship, I spent moot of my time either with the sailors in the forecastle or the passenigers in the steerage, I remembered the faces of the two met, I had seen with Bill in the public. house and realising that , bey would be at the head of any plot, I hung around them like a coast fever. We had been out thirt-en days before I picked up a single word, and by that time I had almost made myself believe that I had earught the captain a cock-and-ball story. Indeed, there were hours when l doubted if I had heard the eonversation in the public.house which I reported. In going amol,K the steerage passengers I ptur on an old suit, and those people eupporod I haild parents aboard and was going to te noew land. I aleo assumed a trilling way arid It was common enough to hear them say to each other that I was light in the upper story. I hung about the two men a great deal, and as I made them presents of tobacco and ran errands for them, they never drove me away. It was. on the afternoon of the thirteenth day that the men were sitting on their oneets, and I pretended to be asleep on a bundle of qtufl near them, that they were were joined by three other men. The five were quite by themselves, and they had no sooner come together than Bill said : " I have good news fir you. We have twelve sailors won over, and there are men among the passereere fit to command a friaste who will gladly loin with us when the timecomes. How many names have you got do'on, Dick " " Thirty-eight," replied a gruaff voles, which I knew to blbobg to' a short, broad-hacked man with red hair and the look of a prize fiGbhter. " Since we star~ed out some of the men have turned chidken heirted and are afraid of the noose, but'as loon as we strike a blow there are sir or eight more who will be with neus.," " Thirty.eight and twelve are fifty," mused Dick. " 'rhat's crowd enongh, if we move tosether, and move righabt, to capture a man of*war. It's too early to plan yet. Well just keep onr minds made up, watch the oflicore and p•aseneers, and four weeks from now will be time to settle the details." There.was lots more talked, and when I could get away and have an interview with the captain in bis cabin I told him some thlngs which madehis eyes flah. He folly realised that a plot to capture the ahbip was hatchlo?, hbut be had several weeks in whlch to prepare to ehecrmate it, and was nnt in the least rattled. He cautioned me to aay notbing to the mates or to any of the Cas.enn gers, and ordered me to continue my epln nage of the oaspected ptasengers. We had on board. .1 I remember Bright, shabout 150 soldiers and citizens sn fistclass passeneere. The soldiers numbered aboor thirty. There were perhaps tearnty yonog men who were going to take Government pearsq Tha reat of the first-olaas Dpalensgers were tounri.r. p' Ct latore,.ranchmen, and women and ch,,letl,. I oInoked the lot. over very thoronui i, t. ii made up my mind that we had fronm -liy to neventy men amonur the flrst class wld could be depended on to rtand by the cat'lai'. Tbhe emigrants counted up fully 250 but there were no' over fifty men. A good thirty of the lot were aingle women goinr out to take service, and the rest were wives and chrldren. 1 Ofared that there were ony seven men in the eteerege who would fihubt for the habip. They cotla not well be conared on, however, for a couple of bthe ruffi n ermed with pistils, could hold them in check when the hour came. W, hrd eome twenty. asix sailors, a carpenter, a boatewain, a dooor. a steward, four cooks, and two mates. If It were loyal and the thin was no' taken by sorprise, there were men enorgh to rut the mudluers down p'etty quick. But all were not lyal. Twelveof thessilo~r had aready been won over, sad when the hour came to strike it was likely the number would be increased to twenty. I faured, snd I think the oaptain did too, that it would be about aneaven thi?ng l numbrersL After I mwssia ??' .ectnd report to br. ne avb ums orders t, cean np all the flrearms na load ,lem afrevh. Tse were all kspt in his cabin, tteslber with a lot of ctlasties and boardir1e ,ke., and I spent two cap co the weapo?s without any one being the ciber the ship tLd twenty muskets sod as ntry cotltases and pikes. The muskets were of old pattern, purchased at a sale of condenned storese, fae I csuldn't ay say betterot hbe cuttseses ad pikes. The ship did not preted? t? I e an0.ti for either war or pittee. I got all the etapon. in the best shape, and then r.eturttd to pmy former duties. "- bha be thered the captain was to know wl en the attack was to be made, and lie cruld hebdly see the object of one. Norsat n.an, no master how tonuh he wea, could think of capturing the ship and pls)irig pilate with er tibe had no carnon, and in a few days as most would be hunted down It rcme war nrasel. Mr. Cotton believed tbere was some plot to which the capture of the shitP wee oily a part, but, try as bard srI tould, Icruld not get at thesercret unti long wtekkas had passed, and the remainder of our no)rae was only a question of deye. Then, one day, I got it quite by accident., I had Piroe into the forecastle at noon to see what I could pick up among the sailors I crept auto one of the bnr.ke and pulled a blanket over me, and in shabout an hour, or after the watch below had eaten their dinner, 'ee ruffian who had done most of the talkiong with our Beli in the publichoose came down to the men. It was against orders, but he hba -omehow slipped past the mates, I now heard him called Sam. It seemed ahatall the watch below, as well as a part of that on duty, were in the plot, and they made tno bones of speaking. My presence was, of course, unsuspected. Then came to light what was afterwards known throuahout England as the " Winston Conepiescy," of which the papers were fuoll for months. John Winston, a noted and wealthy sporting man, was convicted of robbery end sentenced to penal servitude. He had a brothor James, who lotereased friends in an effort to rescue him. Some were in for money and some for the love of adventure. It took them a year or moreto lay their plans, and the money used up amounted to over £15,000. Three or four of the conspirators secured places as guards in, the penal colony, a sloop was purchased of a coast trader, and when the Queen Bees sailed she took with her as paseengere the rest of bthe gang. It was to be calculated in Ane. tralla when she would appear off the coast. Winston and other hard characters were to make a break. secure the sloop, and stand out to sea. Wben they met the ship the) were to run her aboard, and, with the help of the Sang in the steerage, capture her Women and children, and such as would not join them, were to be put ashore on some ialand and the ship headed for America. It was confidently expected she would reach that country in safety, and there was no law which would give the pirates up to justice. t'he Queen Bess was now within five days' sail o0 the coast, arnd Sam had come down to arrange the particulars. ?te believed the ofticers were in total ignorance of the plot., and had no doubt of success. All were tobe en the watch for the sloop, and as soon as she was sighted every mutineer was to appear on deck. If the sloop showed signals of deetress and a boat was sent off, then the chili was to be taken while the boat was rone. If the sloop ran the ship aboard, as ,f by accident, the fight was to be in the moment the matrimovre was put into erecn tie nt Everything was given away, and I lay there and heard every word, and afterward" ot out of the forecastle without being noticed and reported to the captain. IBis Rret move was to call the mates down, and afterwards such passengers as he felt certain of. Very luckily for us, there was a trader aboard who was taking a lot of revolvers out to Australia, with other traps. They were the American Colt, and were a novelty then. lie had twenty-four of them in his trunk, and when they had been taken into the cabin and loaded we felt certain what the outcome of the mutiny would he. The conepirators were no doubt supplied with pistols and knives, but we had six shots to their one Nearly every male passenger was taken into the captain's confldence, and it spoke well for their discretion that not one single hint of what was taking place reached rho ears of the fellows impatiently biding their time in the steerage. There were no loopholes left for accident. Captain Flemming carried uch a look in his eyes as I never saw before or after, and he had firmly madeop hismind that rant one of the conspirators who raised a band against the bship anouttl liVe wu be tried for piracy. At 10 o'clock in the forenoon, when we were about a hunedred miles off the coast, a trusty sailor who had been sent into the forerigging, ostensibly to make repairs, but in reality to watch for the sloop, came slowly down and reported her in sight from his elevation. In half an hour more she would be visible from the docks, and the conspira. tore would then make ready. During this half hour the revolvers were distributed, the loyal paesengers placed at advantageous prints, and the sailors who were in the plot were sent aloft on one pretext and anrother. They had no other weapor a but theirsheath knive-, and one man with a revolver could hold four or five of them in the rigging. When the sloop was at last reported, we saw a movement among the conspirators and knew that they were making ready. They were sharp fellows, arid I am free to say that had we not known what they were up to none of their actions would have aroused sueticion. The sloop was coming down with the wind, while we were making long tasks to starboard and port. Under these circum stancee she could not well lay us aboard. Up went a siUnpl if distresn as soon as she thought we could see it, and she was brought in to the wind to wait for us. We made a reach to the north, and then as we came back on the other tooack we swung into the wind not a cable's length from the sloop. She was a small craft, her decks not more than 2Ft. above water and there were seven men to be seen above her rail Our captain picked up his trumpet and shouted " Sloop ahoy I What sloopis that l" One of the men made a trumpet of his hands and shouted back " The Annie of Sydney." " What's your trouble " " Sprung a leak and going down. Send a boat aboard and take us off." The captain had planned for Ibis, and the boat was all ready. There were irons and muekete'under the seats, and the third mate and two of the disloyal sailors and five true men were told offil to so in her. No sonor had they left the ship than the muskets were produced, the mate informed she two sailors that their plot was dibcovered, and the boai pulled straight for the sloop. When bshe got alqngside, the five armed men clambered up, and, after a brief conflict, in which Winatoo was killed, the other six nsurrendered. Meanwhile we bad. our hands fullaboard the ship. As soon as the boat.polled away Som gave the esignal for the uprising, and inside of a minute the conflict was ragina from forecastle tocabindoors. The orders to pareenogers were to shoot to kill, and they obeyed. It is due to the conepirators to say they made a bran vetight. aa we not been fully prepared for them they would have taken the ship in fiveminutes. Ae it wee, they killed two men, wounded fiee, and kept the ight going for ten minutes. Then it was devil take the hindmost while they ougaht hiding places. Only two sailors actuallv participated in the attack on the ship. These two and twenty'three of the cooepiratore were shot dead, and of the seven others wounded five died before we got in The rest of the sang were hunted up one by one and clapped in irons, apd were trind and banaed on land. Three sailors suffered with them, and the rest were let off. There wae a great overhauling of oulc;ale at Tae. mania, a rigorous punishment was meted out rto the recanotured convicts, and for the reext Ove years Captain Flemming and his good ship were the talut of the land and sea. He save me die credit for my share of the work, aa also did thire publio and the owners of the Queen Bess, and the voyalge bome was mp last I lelt the ship's cabin for a scholar. I ship at ETon. 