AT THE CORNER. [BY MoFtrssiuTE.] ? " A chiefs amantr ye taki Anil, faith, he'll prent it. SToua lively contemporary, the Liverpool Progress, in announcing the slight change of name, calls the MERCUBY the "pioneer journal of Paramatta." Right you ace, old boy. Give ma shove alvraye, and I hope the projected Centennial enlargement of the Liverpool Progress will also prove an enlargement of the pone. Who knows P Perhaps in the dun future, when some enterprising mushrooms, with a type case and a peripatetic machine, start rival papers in Liverpool, the Progress may also be called (as it has a claim to be) the local pioneer, to distinguish it from its fellows. Too often those who have borne the heat and burden of tlie day have to wail, tie ros nm voiis, meUificatis apes; but I hope no one save Wallace willgather the press honey of Liverpool when the comb is ripe for bringing home. • * * .. _ A contemporary, speaking of a Salvation Army wedding, Bays; the groom was from the "north of the Tweed " and that the bride was aim from the "land of the leal." Now, hvs did the paragraphiat get BO mixed up f WHS thb recovery from Yule-tide festivities slow, or has hia religious education been neglected ? A Scottish, song speaks ol the " Irad.pEjhe leal," and tells of an individual wlho waa gxadually "wearing aW "tothatgolden shore;"but a trip fc) Scotland- was fcy no "means implied. ^Wyimdot^^^eri'ViB'apla^ where dor «uitemp0rai7-«$Q findaomedifficulty in reaiji- Ing, however much be may be " wearing »wa\" Booiia, the land o' the leal! She has been led enough, bat always with a wrong twist. She sent Mary Queen of Scot* into. Elisabeth's prisons accelerated the downfall of • her own Stuart Dynasty, and then ever afterwards went aronod composing. songs to Charlie over the water. • She wanted - Charlir, when she could not get him; but die would tiave none of Uary when she could. A firm stand might have preserved the Scottish throne for a generation or two longer, and so altered the whole course of British history,' even to tbe Orange successipn ; but it is just as well events happened as they did, otherwise we would have had no Hieland Laddie songs breathing loyalty to ihe Pretenders, and a bitterness against England. Oh, my contemporary, why don't yon read a little and so learn the difference between Scotland and Heaven ? The Kepean Times thus weeps its opening wail for 18S8;—" Regarding ourselves, we have done our duty in the past and will continue to do the same In the future. We shall make no rash promises for we have not been over-sncc osful in tbe past. . . . As retrenchment is the order of the diy, we may as well take a hind and try and better our condition. We have also to appeal to a whole army of delinquent subscribers and advertisers, pay up promptly." Now a newspaper editor, or tradesman, or business man generally who is the first to announce to the world that he hns made mistakes and is not a success must not be astonished if he finds hiB own dictum endorsed by the outside public. I believe iu " keeping up appearances" to the last. Let the fox gnaw at the vitals. No one sees it, and it is time enough to cast forth the creature when the bailiff has taken charge-of the premises and the gazette is published. There is a Yankee story told of an editor who would never make a correction. One day be announced that Jotn Jones had been hanged. Next morning John Jones came into the sanctum wiih a thick stick and requested a contradiction. " We never publish an erratum," said the editor. " Oh you don't, don't you f" retorted Jones; and then he proceeded to wipe the floor with the man of letters. At last, when tha editor WSB nearly ready for a coronnr's inquest, he cried, ** Don't bit any more ; I'll make a compromise. I'll say in the nest issue you were hanged and the rope broke." * * » I think that Castle Hill ghost scare is caused by some practical j oker, though I am not prepired to assert tlmt there are no such thing? as spritual manifestations. We, in our narrow self-sufficiency of ignorance, are always ready to reject, as impossible and Uelusionary, that which we cannot comprehend ; and because mystery is beyond us we plump for materialism. Who can explain presentiment,—yet who will deny that often it is as potent as second sight P Can we, because in our experience no such event has transpired, reject as false the host of well authenticated testimony as to premonition given of death or disaster, of familiar formB crossing the vision at the moment of pasning away, though miles of ocean divided the visited from the visiting friend ? Can we deny the veracity of statements that shalowy forms have been seen to come and vanish because from our grosser eyesight they have been sealed f * * * What is that affinity which compels a dog to howl days and months before a human death; which induces sharks to follow a vessel for weeks previous to a demise; which impels rats to leave a ship ere she sinks P Is it not beyond our ken—something of a philosophy undreamt of ? Of course there arc ghosts and ghostB. I can't imagine that we are called to another world simply to return to this in answer to knocks and table turnings, to reply to stupid questions at stances, to risk agony by walking over a floor besprinkled with tucks pointing heavenward, If I was a spirit, imprisoned by the viewless wind, or borne with restless violence round about the pendant world, would see the rappers jammed first before I would come at their beck and call, for I would h ive a higher and nobler mission than to take photographs for Cyril Haviland, or give mysterious and unmeaning taps in dingy dwellings. I would sooner .reside ia thrilling regions of ihick-riblel ice or in fiery floods, fear them as I may, as much as that coward brother in Measure for Measure. I would leave that kind of job to " those who lawless or uncertain thought," aud it would be rough even on them. The superstitions of uitions, thelegendary and folk lore possessed by every people in the world, are not the outcome of mere b.tselesB fabrics of the vision. In the p*st there were strange and unaccountable appearances and phenomena, and I know n-j reason, except our scepticism, why the visitants from tbe mystic beyond should cease to frequent our earth as they did when the Angel interviewed Balaam, when the Power appealed by voics to Saul of Tarsus, or bid Abraham stiy his awful sacrifice, or lit with phosphorescent gleam tbe desert bush as a sign to Moses. • • • To fullon' up the subject would land as in a labyrinth of speculation and a maze of doubt; but in all our lives there have occurred events which w,- cinnot expluin, which stir as strangely and awfully at the time, but which we forget as passing days dim the recollection. Let ma return to thi world of realism and to practical jokes. * « * One of the best material ghosts of modern days was Spring-Heeled Jack of Aldershot, and the trick was remarkible for the time it was undetected, as well as for the weirdness of its effect. Persons benighted, passing along the lonely road connecting the barracks with the town, were often startled by beholding a white vision fly across overhead from sidv to side and disappear. The apparition bore the aspect of a corpse with spreading drapery instead of legs. It would appear suddenly from a culvert, and it always sprang high in air, made a parabola, and vanished in the thicket on the opposite side. One night it leaped over the dead house. The affrighted soldier on sentry deserted his post, and he was court-martialed. Another night the ghoBt again hopped over the mortuary. This time the soldier on duty did not fly incontinently—he was found dead nest morning —dead from ftar. Then vigilance parties were formed and the lonely road and vicinity of the barracks were patrolled by soldiers and citizens in order to capture the unq- iiet spirit tor jotfir. Once, Trhen over two dozen persons were assembled talking of the visit itioo, it spring into their midst and sprang away again, canting both terror and mystification. At length one night the ghost, in leaping across the road, fell right in the thick of his watchers, and the game was up. The "spirit" turned out to bo a young Gtvalry officer, whose misdirected ingenuity has led him to perfect wonderful invention. Under his arms, with a secure rest for his feet, with a set of accurate balances, and with a good firm srat and grip, he carried a kind of rocking chair made "of tlie finest tempered steel, and shaped like the O springs of a bu£gy. With the slightest' momentum this apparatus would carry him to a good height and across several feet of gronnd. The whole michine did not weigh tOlba. ; he could disengage himself from it in a moment and hide, and in tbe darkness Hie concern, if left about, could not be distinguished, even by dose observers. The youngster—for he was little more—paid dearly for hia lark, for he had to resign the service to avoid being cashiered. If it had not been for the dead sentry he would have escaped with a " wigging ; " but as it was, the matter WSB too serious to be overlooked. » . ""X. • -. • A provincial publican visited . Sydney to break-down a cheque, and, after pa : nting the town red, he was discovered by the police oppo - site the hospital in Maequirie- street,-np it lainp 'post, trying to blow out the light. ~ When asked what he was up to he' Bud .'MtriiaHri— under new Act—^hic)—amunpshTniishlwtotby 'leven 'clock;" & is a iuoky thing that Christmas holiday does not lust more than * week. -Otherwise men would go mad and wiih to shoot each other every time the hackneyed words " Merry Christmas *' were repeated. Who are merry at Christmas ero-pt children f Who else' eat aeurfeitof plum padding P Some people are, perhaps, happy at Christmas; perhaps they rejoice at family reunions ; bnt tnerry! A merry man. is an atrocity, and behind the forced grin the death's head may be seen. .When we get into our fifth or sixth lustre, evetv recurring Christmas marks another clatter of grey hairs, or another patch of baldness. That backache hecomeB more chronic, and bean a closer resemblance to rheumatism; that doubtful twinge of the foot leaves little uncertainty as to the presence of goat; the old old bill is nearer its transmutation into a bit of bine paper with its terse call to the court; and tlie age, ache, penury, or imprisonment, the doom ot all, is a year nearer its realisation. wish a man "a happy New Tear;" tat I never insult him with the meaningless, hackneyed phrase *' a Meny Christmas." A man wrots me t he other day: Sir.—You have owed me the enclosed account for a year, and if you do not pay it by return poet I will eneyou in the Small Debts Court. Wishing you the compliments of tbe season, TOUTB, FCC. Hine iUa laerymct. n* notes. "—Bums. 