IV. " What is the matter frith Elsie ?" thought - Jack Lawrence to himself a day or two after his return home. " She is like a ghost, and* she seemB afraid of me and of my father,. too. I must have this matter cleared np." He was sitting rather disconsolately on a - stile, from which he conld command a view of several fields and also of Fuller's Fond. He had asked Elaie to come for a walk with him, and she had refused. She said that she had a headache. Jaok did not know what to make of it. Elsie was not like herself, " Hallo!" he ejaculated, springing up with a start, and fixing his eyes on some moving. object down by Fuller's Fond. "Why, there's Elsie herself. I should know her in her pretty red frock at any distance 1 Is she looking for me? She is looking for some one. Ill go and meet her."' And then Jack suddenly felt his face grow hot, and hie heart gave a great throb of pain' and shame. Go and meet her? Certainly not. Elsie had evidently oome to Fullers Pond to meet somebody else, She was there with a young man—a stranger; they were talking together—yea, actually the man was kissing her. Kissing sweet little Elsie, whom Jack had loved for years 1 He had eoaroely known it till now, bnt now he realized that he loved Eleie with all his heart and aoni,, and that he had meant to make her hie wife. And she was oapable of meeting a lover in secret down by Fuller's Fond! Jack strode away in a fury, and swore to himself that women were all alike, all false and bad. Of cour.'e, he thought the testimony of his eyes conclusive. But be was a clear-headed as well as a warm-hearted fellow. He would give Elsie the benefit of every doubt. She should have a chance of justifying herself. He had no - opportunity of Bpeaking to her that after noon, and at dinner she sent word that she was lying down and begged not to be dis turbed. •' She has had a headache all day,, poor child!" said Mrs. Murray pityingly. " She was not able to raise her head from the pillow all thiB afternoon." Jack held his peace. But next morning when Elsie came down stairs, pale faced and heavy-eyed, he met her in a little room which she nsed as a studio— for she bad a great' talent for painting and spent much time at her easel—and there, despite her look of frightened protest, he closed the.door behind him, and turned the key. * Forgive me, Eleie," he said, " bnt I must have two minutes' private conversation with, yen. I want to tell you that I was in the 'fields near Fuller's Pond yesterday after noon." " Oh, yon need say no more!" she cried. " I know—I know—what you mean." "Elsie, can't yon tell me—can't yon ex i plain?" " No, Jock." " There muBt be some mistake," said Jack, sorrowfully. "I can't believe'it; I .can't believe that you would deoeive us after all these years, that you would meet a man in ■ aeoret heoanse you dared not, for some reason, invite him openly to the house—oh, I ■can't believe it! There must be some ex planation. Elsie, dear Elsie, can't you con fideinme? Can I not help you ?" "No, Jack," she said again, but this time she said it very sadly, and hid her faoe in ■ Jier hands when she had spoken. Jaok sat down beside her and tried to take her hand. " Elsie," he said, " you love this man that you met yesterday; why shouldn't you tell -me so ?" It was an heroic effort. And it brought an ■unexpected answer from the girl's lipB. " Love him 1" she cried, flinging wide her hands and showing her faoe ghastly pale, with dilating eyes and quivering passionate lips. "Love him 1 I hate him—hate him— . hate him, from the very bottom of my heart." "Then, Elsie, my darling, why did you meet him there ?" Jack's arm was round her waist by this time; it seemed to him as if no . power on earth oould make it wrong to place it there. '• Oh, Jack, I can't tell you," she said, but > she rested her head on his shoulder, and cried more qnietly. "Oughtn't you to tell me everything, dear, the man that loves you far better than any body in the world? ElBie, I have always loved you since you were a ohild, I lore you > more deeply than ever now, end 1 can't ■ help thinking that you love me—a little— too." "Yes, Jack," she said, simply, as if she \- were the child that she had been when he loved her first. " Well enough to be my wife some day, \- darling!" She started and tried to free herself from his encircling arm. *' Oh, Jack," ■ she said, pitifully enough, " I can't be your ■ wife." " Why not, if yon love me, dear ?" " But, I—I—did not say that 1 loved you well enough—for that." Jack loosened hiB arm at once, Elsie's t face had tnrned white; her eyes were fixed npon the floor. Jaok looked at ; her earnestly for a minute or two and in ■ eilenoe. "Ib that trne, Elsie?" he said at last, in a tone of the deepest feeling. " Could you not love me well enough for that? What is It that has come between as ? This man that ■ I saw you with at Fuller's Pond, he has something to do with this change of yours— \- for it is a change ; yon are not like the Elsie that I used to know. Tell me, dear, has he . anything to do with it? " Yes, ehe answered. Her face was as white as though death had set. its seal upon her lips. Jack paused. " I will distress you with no ■ more questions," he said gravely, " but I must ask you, Elsie, not to meet this man any man—in secret, again. Let him come to \- the houee if he wants yon, and ask my father bravely for your hand." "Yonr father," exclaimed the girl, sud denly wrought to a frenzy of fear, grief, and .pain, which brought words to her lips she had never meant to utter. " Oh, no, no 1 They must never meet I Keep them apart > for my sake, Jaok, or all that I oan do will be in vain," And then, to Jack's alarm and surprise, 'Elsie fell back fainting in the ohair. 