A Captain's Story. SUDDEX DEATH OF A SAILOR WHOSE CORPSE WOULD NOT ME CAST OVERUOAKD. ' Well, sir,' said the old captain lo me— a retired shipmaster, with the gaze of a vulture under the apparently sleepy lid, and a face full (if lines and discoloration like the wrinkling of currents in.the glassy swathes of a dead calm on some dingy spread of water oft' the AVest African coast — ' I had always beeii a bit superstitious up to then, mil 1 own that that job cured me. But it made me sec also that it isn't reasonable to be too contemptuous of one's fcllow- cieatuces who believe in spirits and manifestations of which thero is no organ, sense or quality in the human body to take notice of, saving credulity. It conies to this, sir; human nature never gets beyond a certain pass. We sail to that point, and then tlie wind shifts and we drop astern. From time to time it is put into us to think foolishly, that the thoughtful among us may understand how little ahead of the old folks we are in spite of our discoveries. I've watched this fad of ghosts among us of late ; the growth of society which aim to enlarge men's knowledge of what doesn't exist, and it takes me hack to the days when I was a young un, when there were still witches in the country, and old women were ducked and drowned for sailing athwart the moonlight on broomsticks. We were n bit coarser then in our superstitions than now, made our ghosts hags, instead c.f spirits of beauty, fled from candles in turnips and reckoned that when old Bogey wanted us he arrived down the chimney. But the quality remains the same. It is only jrighteiied in these times, polished up and aiade to look in other ways fine. Now, bow ivcr, to give you my yarn : 'I was master of a ship of 8oo tons. Wo were loaded with a general cargo, bound to Lhe East Indies. It is many years ago, when ships' companies were numerous, partly through the compulsion of the navigation laws, partly because owners wanted their ships to keep afloat, partly because you wouldn't have got sailors to ship if there had not been hands to do the work. And my complement numbered between forty and forty-five men. In a crowd of this kind one doesn't take particular notice. When the crew are few you cothe to know your Jims, Joes and Toms as you come to know your dogs at home, or as a man who is only worth a few shillings is not only conscious of what ho has in his pocket, but can tell you the character of the coins also. We were without passengers, simply a well-manned cargo vessel, all of the olden lime, though a handsome boat in her way, frigate-built, painted ports, Wine Lll.lunl-ja, ^lcdL uia^iv iu|j:jj uiu yiwus square enough to serve a line-of-battlc ship, and the royals, when, mast-headed, sitting close against the trucks — the properest topping oil', to my taste, to the fabric of a ful.l-rigged ship. We had been out a fortnight, when in the afternoon theve came on a sudden squall. The fore and mizzen topgallant sails were clewed up, with a hand standing by at the iniiin topgallant hnlliaiards. I noticed some figures in the forerigging going aloft to roll up the sail theve, and then ..n a sudden there was a commotion, a running of men forward and a gathering of them into a heap around something. I told the mate to go and see what was the matter. He returned with the news that a man in the act of goin^ aloft had fallen dead on the deck off tho rail. We were without a doctor, and all hands looked to me in a case of this kind. I walked to where the man lay and found him lo be an able seaman ; an old yellow-haired man, whose face I had before taken notice of for the ghastly com plexion ofit ; a sort of dusky parchment- like hue, the color of a sailor's dud' that's been too long in the coppers. The lids were half closed, nothing but the whites showing ; the lids set hard in a sort of half grin, without froth, and the arms outstretched in the posture of a crucified person. Short of a skeleton, to my notion, one ought to never be able to say cock-surely, pointing- to a body, ' this is death.' The fellow might be in ;'. f aiut, or in a fit, or ii cataleptic; his body in death's straight-jacket, and the mind within all alive and wondering what the deuce lias gone wrong outside. I ordered him to be carried to his bunk and to be treated as if he was to be brought to, anil if that failed then lo be stowed away out of sight of the men, but noi to be htiched up for a bit, so that if llifc was any spark of life in him it might ha-, i ,i chance. The fact is I wanted to make sure he was a dead man before he was tossed overboard — a very proper feeling in me, no doubt, though there was a touch of morbidity in it, too. for. to tell the truth, the one quiet horror ill my life in those days was the thought of being buried alive, and what 1 feared for myself I was not the sort of man to put upon another. ' Well, after two days we were all agreed that he was dead, so 1 gavo orders for him to be stiched up and brought to the gangway, and next morning after breakfast we held the service. It was always my desire that matters of this kind should be carried out, with proper solemnity. I considered it worked as a whole some inlluence among the sailors, who were made to understand that a dead seaman on the ocean was n it to be treated as if he were a dead pauper out of the workhouse ; that a. show of respect and regret, at all events, should go to his funeral, since a shipmate is a shipmate the wide world ever. The body, stitched in its hammock, with a sinker stowed away in the clews, was placed upon a grating anil covered with the ensign. The the grating was lifted by four men and brought to the rail, one end of it resting there, the oilier end supported by two men, who stood ready to whip off the en sign and let the body slide when the time came for so doing. All hands gathered around, washed and clean. It wns a quiet morning, a light breeze of wind blowing, iho ship under all plain sail, everything silent aloft, the dock heaving slightly to the small beam sea. I came out of the cabin with my prayer-book in myjhnnd and started to read, the men having their heads, with the grinding here and there of a jaw upon a lunik of tobacco standing high in the cheek bone, and much wistful and inquisitive peiring at poor Jack's outline by eyes bleared by the gales of wind into which they had stared. I was proceeding, reading with great emphasis and solemnity, when there rose from under the ensign a sliorj, muffled, groaning sort of cry of 'For Good's sake, cut me adrift, mates, I'm sullbcating.' The prayer-book fell from my hand ; the two fellows who wove holding the grating let go of it and bolted forward, whereupon off rolled the body on to the deck among the feet of the Bailors, who, letting fly a volley of curses in their alarm, bolted in all directions, some ? f them even jumping into the rigliing. Had a bombshell exploded among us the clearance efl'ccted could not have been more complete. 'The males had run away as well as fie seamen, and the cowardice of all hands quick put temper enough in me to rally my nerves 'Quick,' I bawled, 'cut the poor wretch adrift or he'll be suffocated in good earnest, nnd it will be a worse murder done thanhad we burned him.' On this the chief male and some others came to the body, shouldered one another nnd ripped open the hammock. AVell, ? dead or alive, it would have been better to have given the thing its last toss than have' wisnesscd fuch a sight. You see, it was warmish weather, nnd the body besides had been— but I'll say no more on that, only that such an apparition rising befcre the stoutest army that ever took the field would lwe sent it flying without waiting for the bugles to sound. But lio'd called out that he was suffo cating, and we looked lo see .him movo, all hands coming up in bunches at n lime, till lif.re we wore all of a hewing and squirming muddle with this horror in the midst of us, and the men squirting juice in all directions through sheer loating. 'If that man ain't deai],' said the bo'stin, 'my eyes ain't mates.' 'Did he wriggle at oil V, said I, addressing one or the fellows who held the grating, 'be fore you let him go and ran away ? The man answeved lie hadn't noticed any movement. ' He bpoke anyway ,' said the mate. ' Well, pickle my eyeH for onions if there was ever a rummicr start than this.' cried the carpenter, stooping to look close at the man, and then recoiling with a heave of its breast and a lonj: wipe of his mouth down the length of his hairy arm. I ordered the body to be carried to a cabin and put the second mate along with seaman to watch it ; but their report to me was that if the fellow was alive he gave no signs of it, but that, on the contrary, he imi tated death so incomparably as to oblige them lo beg me lo allow some others lo volieve them, as they did not feel strong enough to go on. I then viewed the body myself, and, no longev having a doubl gave ovders that il should be stiched up afresh and once ayain brought lo the gangway, it was now cignt bclls'in Iho afternoon. Of course it was right that this old Jack should be buried decently, and I resolved to go through with the funeral service, but I left it be known that thtre was no obligation upon the men to attend outside who were needed lo do the work. Never theless, all hands turned up as before. AVell, 1 starled to read us I had in the morning' but at the very moment of my pvopouncing the same words I was delivering when the inter ruption happened there came a most audible but half-choking and half-smothered groan or grunt of ' Oh, Lord, they mean to drown me, after all !' from under the ensign. The fellow that held the right coiner of the grating let go, and went backing among his mates with a cry of dismay, but the other man, bawling out with a face darkened by passion, ,You old villain ! how many burials d'ye expect and be ? to you !' tilted tho gvating, and away flashed the hammock overboard. We all stood looking on like kliols. For my part, captain as I v.-as, I hadn't a word to say for a moment. In fact, I was thunderstruck. The groan of the corpse was scarce out of my ear before the body was gone, and yet you couldn't think of us :;s having drowned him cither, for nothing coula have seemed deader than did this old Jack when I took my last view of him. How ever, no purposo could be served by making a fuss, and it was one of those breaches of disci pline that that defy your cool reason, though you may handle them as you may handle them as you will in a passion. Besides, a moment or two's reflection, coupled with a look round, satisfied me that the mer. would be easier in their minds for buing quiet of the body, and so, telling the mate to send the hands forward, I went to my cabin ; but move mystified, under a livelier constevnalion of mind, in short, than it would suit me .to admit lo everybody. It wns idle to talk of tricks. I might have re conciled myself to some notion of that kind had I made one ov two or thvee spectatevs ; but there had been forty or fifty of us all lumped together, and the reality of the llviiur came out in the sincerity of the fright, for lhe morning panic was much greater than I have put it, while the tevvov in the aftevnoon might have shown as wild had the fellows at the or.ifitKT 1ft f:tll tlio hnflvnnnin arnon' the men. 'Well at 10 o'clock that night I left the deck to lie down. All w.is quiet. The in fluence of that day's wuric was expressed in Iho manner of the men, who had moved and tnlked very soberly, with subdued gestures and tones, and in dog-watches I had noticed them hanging together in knots, convevsing like people fresh I'rom an execution. I was aroused from my sleep by the second male, who had charge on tho deck. ' There's ihe whole watch below, sir, come aft to complain that they can't get any rest ' ' What's the matter ': ' .-aid I, starting up. ' Why, they say they can hear old Jack's voice calling to them down iu the l'orepeak.' ''Old Jack's voice ? ' I cried, and witli that I followed him on deck, where, sure enough, I found all hands massed together on the quarter-deck. 'What's the matter, men?' 1 called out, leaping over lhe rail al the break of the poop to speal; to Ihem. The carpenter spoke up : There's old Jack hailing us in the 'fortpeak, sir.' ' Nonsense man.' ' Smite me, «r, if il aint the blooming truth ; not only hailing, but a cussing of us for having drownded him.' 'But you must know that -can't be,' said I; ' he's leagues astern and fathoms deep.' A voice answered : ' He's cussin' us all lhe same. He swears he'll haunt us all overboard.' I told the second mate to go forward and re port if he could hear anything of this stmnge voice. A shadowy group of men went with him ; indeed, I doubt if he would have had heart to drop into the forecastle alone. Presently he returned, coming ah with a run aud speaking with a broken breath. ' It's true, sir,' he gasped, ' if it isn't old Jack it's the devil. I heard him say : 'I'll punish all of ye for drowning of me. Head as you will, 'tis old Jack ar, is at the helm now, and sa stand by ! ' ' But, good thunder ! ' ciicd I, ' How is a man's voice going to sound in lhe forecastle out cf the forepeak ? Answer me that, you fool.' 'Well, come forvards and hear it youvselt, sir, lie exclaimed suddenly. 'I instantly assented mid walked forward, fiillowod by nil hnnrls; and not without a limiting heart, I admit, but, with a good air of ciu-elessncs'j upon mo I stopped into tho forecasts. Is was it topgallant forcoastle, entered by two doors abreast of the windlass onds. A slusli l:mtp swung under tho beam, and tbo lijrlil. wan very weak. I entered with tlio Muond nutto aud ttood listening. For some minufci nothing rouuded but tho hard breathing ot tho seamen who filled tho door ways squeezing thn foromoht in, through theso pressed bank liko a wall, making .*;iioh a jam un inijjHt account, for louder snoring. Queer orcnliings and proii'iings arose of tbo Plightly swiiyiiiif hull, into tho mU-uco, with tho fniiit sound of 1'no bov wave sofily washing from tho cutwater. Then, on a sudacui I lioiwd «? ''»», uomvu voice— weak- ened as it were; by tlio tiiiokuce'H of tho deck between, with h not' --f r.tjjo iu it, as thouirh tho fellow could, barely nrliculato for his teeth boing lixwl-oxolaim : 'Curse tho ship I say! Ciuso nil lnmils in her, soys I! I'm n murdered imiu, and I'll haunt yo .ill ! ' ' There, fir ! ' orii'd tho necoml mato, baok ing to tho moil, whoso breathing was now stormy with omotion. Scitroo was ^his said when one of tlio bunion, who- Jind ap parently boon forced forward by tho pres ume o{ tho othovrt, was run almost up to me by tho long arm i.f the chief mate, who, mipercoived by me, hud worked his way into Uio crowd to lenvn what wns' going on. This muto stood over six feet high, and wan a giant in strength, nnd tho hoad of tho fellow whom his ehoulderof mutton first grasped by tho scruft' of tho nook was on a level with his chin. ' Hero's tho ghost, nir.' S3idh(J. Tho sailors nowenmo buodliug ?' in a swarm. ' Tnio is tho ghost,' ropentod tho inato, giving thci follow u slmlro whioh threatened' to throw tho head oft' his nook ' ' Tis deuced clever, my lad, but it's it joko that wants searomn.' Anothor shako. 'Own to it, own to it!' ho oriod, 'boforo I screw your neck off,' I own to it,' said tho num. 'Own to wliutr' I asked. 'Why, sir,' answered tho mato, 'ho lias the trick of throwing his voice, and wmderfully well ho does it, too. I had my eye on him this afternoon, nnd tuspeoted him. I'm suco of H now for ho didn't lmow I stood closo bohind him. 'Somo of tho men muttered. I instantly perceived that they looked upon this as a conspiracy between mo and tho mato to allay their fears, and clearly Hoeing that it must be as tho mate said and heartily despising my. Heir for tho alarm I had felt throughout tho day, immediately farmed a resolution. 'Yon; name b Andovor,' tmid I to tho man,. 'Yob, sir,' 3io answered. ' You confess that it w-ts yon who nmdo old Jack talk on the grating and down hoiop' 'I do, tir,' ho answered with it' writhe, for the fihouldor of mutton cluugto him as a vyco. 'Provo it to the men,' fcind I, 'and 1 11 forgivo you. You can let go of him, Mr. Moore.' The man coughed -a moment after wo heard old Jack cursing us all m lhe forepr-a!-. The deception was ex quisite ; in sober Jiuth, my admiration of the skill ot the fellow v.-as altogether too great to suffer me lo punish him, even had I not promised him forgiveness. A few further examples oi his genius sufliced to reassure the sailors, and I went aft, leaving them lo deal] with him an they chose. However, he managed to muke his peace by entertaining them v.ith his avt as a ventriloquist. Indeed, after the first spasm of temper they were too well pleased tobelie.\ethat old Jack wus really dead and gr.ne, and loo much astonished by Andovtr's cleverness to feel much resentment. I often bad this mall in tho cabin afterward to amuse me. He bad lhe face of a born comedian and I strongly advised him lo start as a ventriloquist ashore, where, I don't doubt, under pvopev training, he might have proved a fortune for himself or au employer:; but, unhappily, he got into a scrape at our first porl of call and I had to leave him behind, and when long afterward I inquired for him I gathered that he had taken to drink and died m a hospital. Yet I recall him with grati tude, for the quite cured me of inv super stitions. 