[?] [?] 'P i Bi W. CLAI'S RoasEnL. mm tlv.— The Bhbiai, of the BsSwfe??- Bur. . granted as thocgb satisfied, bnt 1 Brh®rso whltpcrcd comments were "Lt to -tbe others, which, most have St! 2J jj40d8 into a long discnBsion, hsd K,ofPbMn impolitic enough to overhear, P" ' ft»n agsin, however, the Bnbtle Bnb- RFlnSccreated by ,the. little etlent Halut obl'sp/f ... naniin was felt by tbe men. Wf iS""' hta went to the infant and they of bt" then Martin .Goldsmith re- e creepy and chilly story of an m,tlgDerBu . . j been an orphan and waa t®Ppfito an uncle whom he had talked of, end «nel man. This lad died irttu /rom tbe maetbead. They laid and that some night an able seaman, Emed Meets -Bogles, going oft to take the K3a3pw«io5 by Where tbe body lay, saw Kuwitfon of a female with her fingers noon her forehead, leaning over the snggeetiog by ber attitude thatha Kt etaovered . who tbe boy bad been, and engnish- v Bogles was, an K?.Vixnsd.' said Goldamitb, 'tbat. he ran KStotetbelok'ale, woke np a» hBnde, who on deck to see the apparition, bnt the KS tod disappeared. Yet there waa not KTluitdonbt that Bogies had spoken the KAJor his , sinoerity was shown by the the Bight prodnoed npon his mind. He KdbMO » drnnken swearing fellow before, Klfion tbat night be read the Bible icru. became aploue man.' Anson, the Kk r bad also hie little .yarn to deliver. Kuhei'libetrlse told, of. a ghost, and old Kucter, never to be beaten when it came to KrioDBZ twisters, narrated in a gruff bat Kffltloos voice bow hie . mother bad been KitW In'the de'ad 'of night by 'an eider of bis, who came to the street dock KtVo the snow was a foot thick with nothing H. tit'spolr ol drill trousers. 'There was a Kooo ' >eid Bill, '"end she saw his face plain. Kat is she'd only reaeivad a letter a fortnight K0I j&tte; «as in the Royal navy, wob Joseph BE- ujioii ihst tho frigate bad reoebed Kings. Kg Jsosics, and was like to be kept on- iBist flsrrilstfon for some montbs/she was Kcofifoseded, not more by hie taming up ia KiMhst rig lh«n by his turning up at all, that |pft,« iSinbled dbwn in a 'fit/the noiee of wbieli 11 iterffllng'a lodger tbat had a wooden- leg who p Jept'ih the back parionr, he shipped bis leg | nd cbmebnt, and seeing nothen bnt mother p Jsyrngiri a swoond npon the mitt, be ehnta P hastrsstdobrond carries 'her' on to a Sofa, . i| rhcrfe, after s bit sherowlved. Well, what isppSned? esid old Breeohee, tnrning bis E| ics, dim in the starlight, round npon - the Ie isn/lbe glistening of wh'oBe eyes was the' H nly 'discernible point in their .dusky coUn- m inarioda.' " 'Some time after she got a' letter' ' iomc'thh 'Admiralty 'etating that' her- Bon fsa ossph had been drownded by "felling ovor- oara at night in Kingston harbour, and it ; I'skmei bnt that at ' the very 'time ' he was ' iffnder water the khook came at the door, and ' /ills mother see bim a etanding in tbe enow.' la Bnt' it waa hard npon eight bells ; Stond Imi d finished hia' pipe, and drawing bimeelf np jwithn lciok tbnnd at the eon, he said/ ' Well, ' ws live in a fentastfo world ; but there's ho ' llse a growling,' and with chnt be walked -gj&detty; aft,' pausing a moment when abreast 1 ;,Wk the tarpwlln and looking at it, and theii ffipioving on afresh with a sigh. Tbe men after |nslbi/ig!a Ifttlo broke np. Tho first watoh ' ped began ; half tbe crew went below, tbe ' iatbers, who had, to keep tbe deok, hang llogether walking in twos and twos, one pair thiTgabgway, another., on .the foreoeBtle, >Mho shadow of death was on the little ship, jSnd where the tarpaniin was' the darkness .-fflorig deep, nnd bb often as the Bpot was lEaeaed tbe footfall waB softened, the low toice'.'aunk lqwer . yet into a whisper. It eaald' be mere imagination, of coarse;. yet Site whole thing, appeared as thongb accen- l iasteiiby the night; by the steady solemn' barningof the etars ; 'by the delicate swelF ' |3 that "nnderran the schooner with a melon- j! choly' respiration; by- the- parting waters I stealing along in sonhds of weeping; by the |lipeot;al wings of canvas slowly -fanning .tho rn darkness under the glittering heights,; by the H ligbtpioaning noises breaking oat, from God ii hoowe/ whac part of. the interior of the gliding fabria ' " ! | Even to thee, 0 tiny fragment.- of ;hnman' clay there had.cume'the maryelloriB'Rift 'of' i death ; the power of, subduing to. tbe com plexion of thine inspirations whatever the 1 eve could behold,' whatever' the eat : could ji beam" i.- - - I The wind shifted -in the. night-. It blew,. I bnt without much . weight, from, the north- I ward:; and tbo sun rose, npon the Golden s Hope cloee-hau'ed, ; leaning, elightly, three' | points off her coqrae. Forteaoue, who, . in I accordance . with his regular custom/ had .v turned, tbe key' in Agatha's door overnight— | with'greater 'solicitude on tbio occ >eion than $ he had beforo felt, for he greatly feared the | perturbing iniluenoe of the .sorrowful events % of the day upon her mind and' the-' dominion. | of sorrow not lees active in sleep, than in s . waking— Mr, Fortesoue ou quitting his own i hertl) lightly unlocked hor door, and .after. . luteulpgintsotly foreome moments, knooked. I Wawered bvopening tho door. She watt' J fully dressed, but' bad ndt' yet bonnd her'h,ir f- np; It was like a 'Bun-touchod foun'nin i raining dowD her baok and over her shoulders, : wonarously plootiful and most daintily riob ; and ndiant ; ber beauty,' pale and hard' with melancholy— with such melancholy as. wonld pqissei a mind that was without memory, witnQat a remembered pa9t and the eolace totioppectioa .yields— met the vision of the lorsrwith.the novelty 'he would hays found ? f?"'''® image, of Ms darliag. There was a oatknen noder the ever gentle eyes,' a laegcttt in the droop of the lids whioh tola of: trtmbled night. "He held 'tier hand ae" be ''tad her how ahe had elepti I .„,,1"®r'well1' ahe answered ; 'I missed my spmpanlon— her lip quivered. ,, v. "AVi -'hat was to be .expected, Agatha/ 1 h?t- there, yw SMSWtw in the stoninese grief bad 'one 21? that to hUehaltiveriess.repelled .yPjaffidtariog termB.ha was need "to npIoybut'ilAie „tte"hea1si aU 'wllI goon 'tieljpoor'babe's abtehaA'-' > ' uneh 3o#n fasthengh she disdained Bai<1 with 'mejlng ii-llpe,':: like;'.: one . tbinking- woni; I criised.hledeatb/.- (ft w.<g intended fr0mt211?.,.b.;w' :WHf; mtta«moryea?en Son«!£5' :'i. not, meant .1 should be ll mg j '8.1 1 8he, raised hpr hand as though" he Xno.vf' bnt touphiiig 'hdr/tialr : it hangio# wild' atanlkli Jf .1 ' t '<Lint blnah of conluaion- . 6otne; »oitta table to break- , four I btioB; tray hero to lJ wlU.«rat to the table,' she unsweredl -' The little, one willl Si . '< vn'tPOtiSed, viftti ia nrihsnal' I" Lt?hf n>»noer'ctaelied him, otherwise ha Se w0n?d,Ve1i,1,Bi ' cwider wbetbel tha (kipper lid ttrFittW0£'"n was a Blow to W»ks; who k2 h?MMt \- «taracter'I'hebrraih,f «nh f "'"'loicy William SmSrinw'SJ.K ,h" «ler«y<nanaud wrmpnlsing both htm and Miss Fur a« i/v. Jlon required. , Hefelt his ow p«?.0|a„' tLt'nn.'t'0' JP';r®mala animaglned if he I . h.liTr.hf,b mlad G Sd had glv on 1 of baoopg wh-e hastr bfflft dSft » .'ftshQi'B ,«v.j(gaja5jssas8'. toe fanoMdjj m t0 co®8.on.de6k id r" » tSiblSay m 1 atlMwhetherKe Im'ptjlwH for' littf w 8it it was \- odn mother, the , drowning of itrcquldn't 1 hove caused her more grief. Fityithapbeb'da ' (11 tbls way down hero, -It wouldn't eo much matter if this, sorrow, had .fallen-, upon hor " 'when we was even within a- .week's sail of ' 'EcRUitfd/fof th'eii thef'e;d;be!aU fho' ihferhsts" of the shore cldse at hand to smother 'down her; lamentations a bltj and, maybe, as Bill 1 Stone thinks, to give hef baok' her memory, 'in! which case tbe joy she'd fihd in'recolieotin; 1 of 'oe and Beholding once ugaih all them ole satisfactions which, she' can't now percoive, would make this melancholy little job seam small' orioagb; thoagh, sach'ie the natural gentleness of her heart that I don't raean'to suppose she wouldn't always find it effecting ' . Forteacue bed loo sweet a nature ever to show impatience at the good intentions of others, no matter how, distressing might be the form they took; bat Agatha had inspired him with thoughts infinitely, too deep for nttorance to each a man as Weeks, and with fancies and fears whioh. made' him recoil from the mere idee of . talking abont her. weeka'a ambition to shine -as a philosopher and a moralist must therefore' bs baulked again. Tbe clergyman, with a bit of com- mouplace on his lips, which, strive his utmost, he could not force into a smile, wont to his berth, and Hiram' passing the back of his hand with a long sweep over his mouth, and a slightly crestfallen look, fitted a mole skin cap to bis head and climbed on deck to relieve old Stone. - ' The morning passed' quickly. It was now a quarterto eleven, . The men were below ia the forocastle, cleaning themselves for the ceremony; the young Beaman, Joe Hall, was at the tiller, and Stone, in his Sunday clothes, paced the deck with a sober, pions look npon bio face. The Bchooner, heeled to tbe oxtent of a etrake by the breeze, was sailing quickly but without noise, for tho sea was smooth, uuu wuitb await ouioiva tan wiQQ Bob running were but Intle more than lorao ripples with curls of foam flashing out of their heads here and there, too light to break with sonnd against the weather bow. The enh stood high and swung with glory over the foretopmaet- . bead in nnisbn with the" elow breathing of tbe ocean,, which kept the vOBael regularly bat very lightly swaying, . The horizon went around ia ice-liks sharpness of outline, for the morning air was extraordinarily brilliant and transparent, . bearing the eye to tbo nethermost horizon, . whose distinotne»s magnified the capacious sphere of the light blue.girdlo, thus emphasising the loneliness ol the schooner npon that spacious field, by the immensity of lbs surface that trembled ia Rlitterings under , the high and gleaming heavens. There was no bell, to strike, bnt at It o'clock the word wout along, and tho crew, lay ait, collecting at tho gangway, whither one of them camo— no other thap William Breeches —bearing aaderhis arm a plank with the little body npon it, over whioh. was .spread the 'English ensign. .' One end of this , plank tie rested on tho rail, tbe other he bold. Ho -was bareheaded, and k9pt his ragged, weather-seamed face bowed. They had, these plain merchant sailors, but little clioice of- clothes among, tbem ; their mourning mast be gotten out of pdliabed faces and hair combed smooth, and clean shirts washed in salt water, and, some of them, canvas trousers whoie tarry stains defied the scrub bing brush and tbo lea acntipors. They were, promptly joined by Hiram aod Stone,, tbe former, like hia mate, oind in his bout, suit. Upon tbe skipper's long, gaunt, yellow faos, grief, of a muto-Iiko typo, was nicely -calcu lated to alt becomingly ; but had he been act ing Borrow all hi/life, no exprewion of it he could : have assumed would oome near to a. likeneSB of, the manly, pathetic . honesty, of feeling yon saw in his eyes, when, after letting them rest for a few momenta, on tbe little harden, he tairned them upon the deck at his feet, gazlDgso till be had tautened his wide month'ont of the twitcbings in tho extremities of it. Ida, few moments Fortescno camo out of the companion with Agatha. The clergyman took his. place .close, to the body. The men backed dway a little to make room, particu larly leaving a epaco for Agatha, facing, the gangway. . Her faoe was painfully white ; the most ignorant glance would have traced the marks of the grief the lo-e of tbe ohild bad impressed npon her. The hollows in her -eyes were noticeable for the- darkuess in them, and for tbe aspect of itinera tbey gave to ber. It was difficult to look at ber and not observe the fading tbat hud happeaed. in twenty-four hours, without guessing: that tbere bad boea an artificiality, iu her island bloom, in the warm Hushed tropic glow of beauty tbat had amazed. Fortescno to see in 'her, and that bud lingered source unimpaired down to tbe last. t?oek or two, when it began to dim to her secret fretting. She fixed tier eyed/on the ensign that .coveted tbe plank, and i Beamed/utterly insensible to all, things ;buo the f ahoisS-fbat carne' tq bet, from the' outline defined.by the thin bunting. The sailors looked at ber slightly ; tbeir respsot was too strong to suffer tbeir glance to ap- proach a stare, arid then again it wag a moment,, to, jsubdoe them and to Bharpen their natural regret at the loss of the little one whom they bad watobed, talked to, and learned to love/into briny pity and a rough Sort of grief. ' Still they could not help peeping at her, for ehe stood near.; her colourlessness and fix 3d gazsj her still, rapt poslare, invited tbeir. regard. It ie true that Archer bad bleared their, . rpiode of tho super stition ahe .-bad. , excited' ! in them, .but. the memory of trie fanoies tbey had had shout her recurred. This vytis. the girl, eome of them thought in their own rude tongue, who had been beheld by that, clergyman yonder, when at a distance iif thousands of miles from, her, kneeling npon- the shore of . tbo islaod, then, rising and apealirig to him to come to her ; from whom sickness. had;falleh ae a garment after iriemory had been sbocked'out of her by brutality ; wbose past bad. blackened npon her blind and waa as dead,, to ber aa the infant npon the plank tbero, though in aleepiog. aha.-cquld recollect, ant, standing under the starlight at tbe rail of the Bchooner look acroee the rounded eon to Eogland from the Indian ocean, aod talk with her lover bb if he were there inBtead of being at hor nida, and appeal, to bim aa if tboro wore no sanity- for her but in slumber,, though when she. opened her eyes in waking she turned them like a blind woman ripon him 1. 'The sobooner -swayed .gently ; at .every man'a foot hia : Bhadow swung, and in tbe pauee.thst fell, whilst' Fo'tesope opened hie -book ere raising it to read, you would-have heard nothing bnt the innumerable whisper- Ihgaof the water, delicately seething and softly elidjng past. . as thongb there, were: spirits over the Bids answering in'fatot notes the muffled i questionings 'of ;,.thw .winds that hummed -like the buzzing of flles. bcard-afar amid the oomplieated cordage, '/and past the. bolt ropee of the steady olotha..-: : '/ 'Mr/'Forteiene began to reed. It waS'a fainiliar office' to'bim, and his voice was ; low. steady; and 'ead, bat aweet with' ooRlvated atteranae.' Tbe moment be eommericed.-' Breeehes qutotly- polled tha ensigri hff--the little hammock; ready for- the final laanch.- idioce'hs' could' not Imagine when the word- , tronld "be > given ; - having bnt- tbe very; -slenderest acqn-dntahce with the burial Ber- -vica. and tberefore seeing ' everything clear ' as, a,;true'- Bailor ehonld, under allciroam' Btarioee. '- 'It wa< noticed tbat 'a ebhdder wrehched'Aii»tba from head to foot, that ber firigers etoeed into tbe palme ae 'if the-nsil- wonldcdt the fleth'thera, and that ehe let a' breath fly from her'in a passionate sigh that was Kike a faint cry totbOBe whoatood nearest when the hatnmook was exposed ; other- ityise'sho hell bsraeif steady with' ber eyes footed upon the'Ilttle!body. ' ; Bnt it was indeed a sight to melt any heart. Never ha'd the bias of heriveri looked down ripop tinier bnmmoek. Mn' -lte - littleaese mdlnly lay the appeal tbat - atlrred tbe men when this 'old eeamen laid bare the minnte ocean bhfond. Old» Stone's - eyes - were vf et, Hiram folded hie .avme-" tightly across hie breast' andbung hie bead, nnd Archer, after a hoft look' at the" baby outline, tamed bis he«d- A-ide with- hie hand over the faoo. ' - Mr./Fpiteseus contlnaed -feeding ' slowly;' with a tbrillfariniog thfoagh his vole# for a- -moment a- be lifted hie eyes from the book and. directed tbem ! et the . plank/ but old Storie'We observed to suddealy aqneeze'a knuckle' into' hie eyes 'arid' regard' Agatha aakarit/but'.wlth a ateadfaat wa'ohfolness of gaze that inuH/bave made you see' hie \- mind watt wholly bff the fotieral, arid th'at be' .waefbiriking of riothing but what he louked A change had come over hef. too. She had .broken away from' her intent stave at the' baby/arid 'was ribw gazlog at Mr. Forteeoue' with ,ri' Singular 'expreealon'.elowly entering, ber face; aod etirring ia every twitch and line of it. and gradually dilating her eyes end lift ing her bfotva tike' a slow poison of 'madneee working in her brain. "No ono appeared to \- notice' thia but S tone. , ' : ' Mr; .Foyteiorffe'reail i" We ' therefore oom- mU.bti bodjr ia tho' desp to ' bs turned |oto cortdptloa-i— t,r» ' 7 - u" He .pensed. t.with a glanpe et , Breeehes,' which' ,'tho " old,' rijanV Inetantty 'anderstoi A Wiih a qriibk moveme'nt he raised the end of thrii hltofc; 'arid the 'tifiy "White ' hampioolr Btahea ffbiri thik fail1 like bird of enewy plapiige ' taking 'flight.. -Hall at; the tiller .intffnetively taroed'hlkbeadto iiwk oyer toe quafter, hot the pefMnwritsif'fribblrig dldsg the bends had oanght tbe bnbble and iwept it into toe annehine in the wake, and in a broatb 5hhi?,ig i!"iBymbolIain8 "ie, vanishment ol tta little, ono in p .manner fit truly to deepen th hope(,exprea?ed in,;tha worda 'looktoS .bi.i.h„ileaa"a?tlonJof Ahe body (when the '"1/,r np h8r d?3i)> ont! the Hfe of the Obriat.' Cm8' :th£0Qgh oac JesoB clergyman way proceeding, solemnity gathering in. hia rich voioo oovi tbat the plank hsd been tilted, and the feeling waa tbe nameless little stranger that had oome to ffiPi t te" ,ov? a?d ministration wob ot J' I anp5a?' an4 '-n the b0B0m of Him who had oalled him, when on a sadden Stone cried oat, Mr. Fortesone, look at Miss Fox, 8he was Rtanding ae though trsnaffxed. with an expreaeion on her of wildest ae- tomahment, that of Its own emotional force bad given » colour to her face. Her eres were opened to their fullest extent. It was aa if a spirit moved before ber— something that had at first filled her with amazement ? r,or"?r' though the terror: wee pa-slug, aud tbe . lustre of delight, was dimiy. sif-ing throng h.. .the aBtoniehed, half-incredulone. half. terrified stare tbat -she had fixed npon her lover. She tottered once or twioeaeif ahe wonld fall, She sought to epsak, bnt her tips torned white at the eff-irt, aod ber throat crimsoned aa with etrangalation ; bot ere Mr. Forteaone could epriog towards her ehe had nttered his name, 1 Malcolm !' at flrst in a ohoking ory. hot then ' Malcolm 1 Matoolm 1 Malcolm I thrice, in shrieks ; and with a leap ehe was npon hie breaBb, her bands looked round hie neok, - her head upon hisl bosom, .... ' Agatha/ he cried, 'yon knowmeatlaet. Yonr memory heB retnrned to yon 1 Beloved one, oll me again by name 1' Her olaBped relaxed. She fainted. "Tie the bsby's doing/ eeid Stone, aloud, looking round ; 1 ahe loved him. and bo repays her. by giving her her memory baok, It onus with the launching of tho hammock, I watcbud it working in hor. Great Gad I how beautiful it is to think of a woman's happiness returning, to her aa a gift of love J? 'ho. little .'jin sha'd. beBn. as a rriother to l, and with working lips and eyee again brimming over, the old man e-epped to the rail, and looked along the glittering fnrrow of tho Schooner towards the spot where the body of the little one bed vanished. Chaptkb XLVI.— The New Dawn, It was the girl's second swoon in twenty- lonrhoura, but tbia time there was adeatb- lineae in it tbat grew terrifying. The aeben pillor waa of the grave, and through the parted lids the white ot the eyee showed like, a corpse's. . For a moment or two. Fortescne atone' knew ehe'had fainted; then ! Hiram, seeing what bad happened, sprang to help bim, and between them tbey bore her below. The momentary transport of joy in tbe dttrito tarried to terror ae be leaned over her. iiion'ening her dreee, whilst Hiram hurried for water and otber restoratives. She was putaelesB . Her bosom lay motionleee as a piece , of. soalp'are. Ho drew forth with trembling .hand a little looking glass whioh he held to her lipa, bat it remained an- tarriiehod. It was as sure aB .that the otiitd was dead, ae tbat the schooner wae npon the sea, 'as that the heavens looked down upon nil, that ebe had recognised bim, and that -her memory bad therefore returned, Wae it possible that the mod leap of the revitalised faculty from the tomb in ber brain iu-iiyhioh it had been lying dead had . broken her.beart? Sudden joys, euddeu griefs, have beau known to. IciH, hut think -of! the power, the -force -of tho emotiona which must have a wept into hor witti lightning swiftness when thn ourtain was dropped from ber mind, rind her lover- stood before hor 1 Minate after minute went by. OsaselesBly the curate moistened her brow, chafed ber hand, did -wbat he knew, with a 'prayer to God going up in every breath that left him ; >hitst Hiram, grasping a etanoheon,- stood erect, mute, and waiting. Once Fortesone fancied that there was a taint stir in the arm he held ; it passed, hut it est hie agitated thoughtB trooping along another road. 'Sup pose, be asked himself, ' that when ehe revives her memory will still be missing, that her knowledge of me shall prove but- the momentary glimpso of a .brain bo .wrought upon by the nerves- that its operation for the instant warlike the. control, it had held over her when she walked in- her Bleep, and anewered me, knowing my voioe, and pleaded to me, visible to her sightlese eyee 1' A whole half-hoar paseed, as full to the olorgy- man of mieery as a life time of Buffering conld have. contained, and: to the aeaman stead fastly and silently watching of deeper anxiety that he had ever felt, in the wildeBt weather at; sea. -Then -on a auddeo they heard a faint eigh, -her fingers twitctied, something of living-colour entered palely into har ,whito lips. - A aigh agdin brako from hor, tbia time like the respiration of one dreamiog eorfowfnlly-in eleop.- She opened bor-eyee, looked etrangaly abont her ae though her reat had been indnced by a powerful narcotic, until her eight coming to Mr- Forteaoue, an expression of. wonder, delight, > amazsment, brightened in, i bem, and ahe . suddenly eat ereat, crying yet again with. 'hands extended to bim, ' Malcolm 1 Malcolm 1 My Malcolm 1' . Ho -took -her in hia arms ; he oould not epoak ; hie fall heart gave way and be wept wiih hia face against ber cbe«k as tie held ber to him." Captain Weeks walked to the com- panion-and stood midway on the steps with bie head outside the hatch, where- he. was within-oall, thoagh he coatd not hear their conversation, and whero ha coald act ae sentinel. Forteeoae mastered hie deep agitation-after a little, bat until he did-eo she did not move. Sho felt bie heed of couceal- tng hie face while he strove with hie- tears, and: even in that marvellous moment) of tho re(nrnof her memoty, and - whilst still fresh and confused from her swoon, the soothed him with Iter oheek to hie, and left the sweet pillow of her Bhonlder motionloea. for hia comfort. Hut tho instant be stirred, aa if to lift bis head, she started, .from bis embraoe, and seizing bis hands, fell. back totbe length of hor arme with a long, yearning, searching took at bia face— a wondrous atare for eyes eo soft aud gentle bb here to. fix, eo fall wee it of nStoniehment, inquiry, passionate delight conflicting - with incrednlity' and breathless ariiazampnt. ' Malcolm 1 shee&id;, in a low, yoice that thrilled "with the feelings wbioh her eyes looked. ' Malcolm 1'. ehe repeated, in a .tone that deepened ae It Ba'nk towards a whisper, 'isltyod, dearest ode? la ic jrou, my own, ffomWyloe? Where am I! This lea ship; ic ' ia : not, the .island '. Bbe.. looked . elowly aforirid. labauriog to master, the meaning of what she saw, till ehe brought her ..eyee to reat again upon her lover. , ' Malcolin,' ehe continued, letting fall bfri hand to preee her forehead with ageeturo - ehe had often need Blbee ha. had been on board the loboone'r, ' have Ioeen sleeping! Do I still. (sleep, and dream?' An expreeaion of terror now'awept acrqBs her face, obliterating its bright ex preeaion of iotelligence, and ebe rolled ber .eyes hyeterioaUy.- ' "Fortesone saw tbe taiik before htm. Ho hadiawjit tbrif had served' him' well on. triors thap one 'occasion. Heexarted .it to thrust down out of eight and emotions whioh had overwhelmed him, and. hie fioe'i'ritelleotweot swiftly to; work tocoDBider how bo should act,' how he ehonld .deal with the deli- ca'te, bowitdering, dangerous 'problem that Agatha's condition' of mind anbmitted. The whole troth must oraze her ; he must - speak with the ntirioat caution, for the pretent at least, since it was possible that tliefaaulty of memory might prove week and' itea'eherons after ite long stupor ; and it wae certain, at-all events, that her recent swoon moot to a degree have enfeebled her mind,, whiuh would require time and. the growth ot 'Spirits in her, and nnStartled preceptiori of .the. happiness that, had. eome baok from beblod thojveil to recover; its old/tone,' . ' "Agatha/ he sold, . holding and parese.ing ber; band, 'yon; have passed through some strange, experiences ; but, It ia! well with ni both now, thanke be to Almighty 'God. ' .Have no fear. 'All that' has hapDened ie' sit' natural ae eorfow ie, or' the 'shitting of- tbe bu'ri, or' the 'darknote noon-th'e esreh when' the; night comee. Yonr clear sense will pre eenily eee all.' ' ' " Bhe interrupted -him. . Waloolm, tbe Vernlam was burnt at ,iea, and I wae placed inra-bnatr the only woman in it— separated from my - fattier The . boat wad steered hy the boats wain of, the ehip, a iriyn named Arehar, who during' onr terrible ufleringg-trcated me' with noblo goodneBi. We; reached an ielaad, . This man saved mo rom drowning ; f >r the b»at waa overaet io the eorf/and— and where etc I now? 'Where is tbe iBlend ?' There , was again a look of conitarna-lon and amazement in ber wide- upeneyeei'< \- ' . .' Do not yon- remember, '..be, said, gently, ripping to ooa meinory along in her, that I came to fetch von from the Island fn this schooner, that I. landed and found you .and , Archer on the island, arid thought ynn <-11 to tijle veeael, telling yon that nnder God a gnidanoo. jl had eongh1 and found yon, .and- tbat we wero going home, mybeloyed, going, hprrie to dear old Wyloe, and to onr friendl, toeta/'and to orirritarriage'f ' -w ."His hand trembled.' He wonld -have rallied here to his lips, but the .bewilderment in .her faoe arrested him arid brought.- him haok tri his resolution of ealmneet and alf-eostrou " 'No, I do not rememtar. Yon ear yon found me en tbe island, Strange— I do not i n remeihber II Saud abfrowried 'in ih'd fierce straggle with thoagbt."-' - - m .--,»t, „ f My darlieg/ he said, still speaking :very eoftly, gnesejng the troth, ' toll mo to what point does yonr memory carry von.' She took her hand from hie, and leaned her templee npon her fingers, shutting her eyes. Aftor a little ehe said slowly, and with intensity; 'I remember three men on the island. Oae was Archer ; he was very good to me. He mode n bed in a little cavern. He Ruppltod me with food and water— euoh food ae could he got— taking osre that I should never want, I remember the dreadful loneliness of those days, tbe constant thunder of the enrf, that wonld sonnd like a roaring of wild beaste when the night was etill. I remember feeling ill— eo ill 1 and dreading that I ehonld die before help conld ootoe, and that we ehonld never meet again, Malcolm ; thoagh I had bat email hope that we should bo reecued, for I often heard the men talk of the island being out of the track of ebips— I rememtar that.' There was a panse. She repeated : ' Yea— I remember that. What has hap pened since?! Down to th(B she had spoken with her eyee olosed, bat when ebe asked the qneatioo ehe let fall ber hande and looked (nil at her lover. Foreome momenta he did not know wbat. to eey. It wee ae plain to him by her manner ae was tbe silver splendour whioh lay upon tbe skylight to hie eyes, that the revlvicatian in her memory stopped abort at her sufferings npon tbe island, bringing her down maybe — thongb he dared not inquire that— to Her straggle with the seaman, and her swoon out of whioh ehe awoke with her mind blinded. All things this side, including tbat etroggle, were as dead to her ee her previous pait had before bean. He believed so; at least ; he oould not look at her aod doubt it. The mysterious mechanism of the mind had' shifted ite burden of darkueea from ono side of it to tbe other. Ie waa a marvellona thine for him.io witness in her, and he felt a numbness 'coming ont of it into his heart, when with the rapidity of thought be con sidered that ;_he recurrence of memory might be but a passing peseionata effort of tbe nool ere it lapsed into a blackness that ehonld stand as a lifelong eclipie of alt recollection in her. . Steadying. hia voice he said : ' My darling, you hivs passed tbrongh so moah, so much that is heartbreaking even to tbink of, it i not wonderfn! that 1 iriemory in mercy ehoald hide from yoa a portion of tbe sufferings of your Bhip wrack. Can yoa recall any circametaace associated with' onr pas sage, so far, from tbe island!' ' See answered : ' I do not know where I am.' _ ' II I tell yon/ he exclaimed, ' that this Is a little Bailing vessel bearing yon home to Wyloe, can yoa understand me ?' 'Ob, Malcolm, yeS/ ehe answered, with a sweet smite. ' Do you reaollect,' ho inquired, 'a French ship asking as if we woald take oharge of a little baby tbat her people had picked up at eea?' .'No/ she answered, with a attained ex pression in ber eyes, There was a shadow ing of tears, too, in the grey depths, with a bint of renewed terror growing. He Drake off In the sentence he had com menced, arid oried ont : ' Agatha, dearest one— eome things have happened which yon cannot recall, bnt tbe trae, tbo lovely, tbe aacrad past ie with yon again, with yon with all ite love, arid eon; ebine, and hopes," with yon ae I am, I who sought and fonnd you, though yon knew me not, aod for wneks have not known, me till this hour. It Is enoogh fair rie, my precious ' ooe 1 God has answered my prayer. You know me— you remember me— you can pro. riounce my name.' " He flung blmvelf on hie koees, grasping her round tho woiat, gazing np into her faco with eyes of moving adoration; while she, putting her hande upon his bair, pressed ber lips to bia forehead, and, speechless for many moments, they gazsd at each other as though in a trance, amazement in her Bleeping for awhile under tbe brooding emotion of joy, Slowly perfecting itaelf with the perception of, the'reality of bia beloved presence. . , Hiram, peeping down the companion way, .saw them thuB engrossed, and.eteppiag, on. deck told Stone to keep olear of the oabin for the present, as though, for his part, he did not know much about love-making, he didn't need to be told that Forteecue and the lady were, riauch .too interested in the talk they had fallen into to desire to be. inter xnpted. ... , , , D> ahe know him?' asked Stone. ' . . ' Like onp o'clock, Bill,' reapoadedlWeeks, . 'Gav.him hie name slick ont in a voice like , .eingia'.,' .... ,. < . : 'JT always said u little thing 'ad-do it,' said > Stone. ' A li.tttn thing he was, too. God recoivo him I ae affectionate ia his death as \- a holy angel, Hiram ; for take my word for it, 'twas bis love and gratitood for - all she's done for him sb guv her baok her memory.' . The old man sent a wandoring glance into the bine distance over the etern. ' Ye've made nee of that -fancy afore, Bill/ exolaiinsd Hiram, 'bnt I don't rightly follow it,' " Stone looked ovoi the side for' a minnte whilst he" thought.-" ' ' Well/ aaid ho, : ' I allow- it's one of them fanoies as' mast catch hold of the under standing at ones, because they're too delicate for explanation. There'a.agood many ideas as ie beat left alune if they 'don't make them selves intelligible right out of hand:' - ' Ave, that may be right eriough/ ' sold Hitam, ' bat see bere. Bill ; I ain't' a fool, matey; and if a fancy's plain to you I don't see wby it shouldn't be plain to me.' -. Now, old Stone exactly understood the fancy that : had Belz'd him, but when he came to trying to express It he woe at a loss. As be would ' afterwards say, ideas frequently oconrred to hlin when be was lying in hie bunk, or drowsily standing watch on a quiet night, which «emed to bim full of beaaty and poetry. They were in bis mind, rind he was able to tbink them out, yet he oould no more have expressed them in words tbrio he could have transformed the reflection of a star into the star itself How conld he make Hiram understand,' having no laognage in , whioh to share theriotion? Hia conception was that the devotion' of Agatha had been rewarded by the baby in bis death ; for the coming baok of ber memory at the moment of tbe child's bnrial wrie 'like a sudden spiritualising of -her, "and God's presence' having been wondronsly visible in every passage of. the., schooner's mission, why sbonld not a nbifacle .have been wrought through the inetiumentality of the bairn— a. . miracle eymboliaing : a woman's love. and. happiness springing from the ashes of tbe nameless babe ebe, ;nad taken to her , blinded heart, and cherished? But Stone wonld riot explain. He felt indeed, that if he ehonld attempt, to do eo he must flounder and par. bap destroy to himself , the .fancy ha was prorid of, and feokoned as being. ..highly poetical because it woe bis own. . So, he got rid of tbe subject by /asking Weeks,, wbat : A'eritha had said when she awoke from her faint, and tbie indnced a chat abont the. ciehzyman and utse vox, moments ot tne voyage, the time likely to be occupied in reaching home, arid eo forth, whioh put the men elbow to elbow, prid set tbem patrolling the'deck with a series of Sunday strong npon them, owing their being' dressed in their best clothes, whilst the schooner, atill off ber coarse, pushed Bwiftlv through the dark -blue waters with , the shadows ever swayiDg like pendulums upon bsr deck, and in.tos shining ho'lows of'tier sails, , .. . . \- A long hour passed. Forward "the, men bad finished their dinner, shifted into .their old: tarry rigs; and were .at their, various employments. . Tbe cook with, sulky eyes frequently ' peered, out of the galley in the hope of intimating by the exoreeslon on hia countenane that the osbin dinner was fast 'polling. Johnny came aft. and wanted td know if he ehonld lay the.oloth ; bnt had (he lovers chosen to remain together for -the, rest of tho dair, Hirsm wonld not ; have bad. them disturbed. , At last Fortesone came on deok Heiwge pale, bnt there wet a. look, of peaoe and qniet- gledneas' in hie face whioh both Stohe . and, Hiram instantly noticed. He approached them endiBetd : . ' We have been elfish enough to oeonpy tbe cabin to yonr(exolnsion, I find it ia loog past tho dinner hoar.' > <\- "ii; \- 'Oh, don't mention .that, sir/ said Hiram. ' Mian ox is now, lying, down,' .cou'laned tha c'argymin. -'I doubt if any girl ever -went through more then she has, physically and mentally,'. .. . - .. > 'Sbo has her memory, sir/ said Stone, W'j2y f'Sfr!/ Stone, thank God she has her memory,' exclaimed Mr. Fortescne, '- It has .returned -to her perfect dowo- to tbe dreadful circumstance that canted ber to lose it, bnt of all that has happened etnee then abe know« nothing/ ' - ' " . . ' Nothing !' exclaimed Stone. . 'Nothing, " repealed the; clergymen, -with solfmi tttph'iBle. . -T ' Great thunder 1 bmst ont Hiram, -eoming to adeaiCtatid. . - . Donlnhe'rememher onr coming to on toa Island, (irT 'cried Stone 1 '"No. ' " 1 ' " - ' Nor that whaling Job 1' ho eontinnsd- 'No/ responded the clergyman. ' /rr 1 1 M Nor the babyf Inquired Hiram, in a breathless hardyl /jO.I : l - . . ;; ; ; ' It Is wonderfnl — wonderfnll' exclaimed Fottescud.iolospiogi.'hiBihands, yet it Is so. She remembers nothing .dawn to her swoon ing three hoars ago. Sho has no recollection of the baby nor of its, burial, which baa just taken 'place. It seems incredible- I stepped into her berto'before she entered Itto conceal all memorials of the poor little one— happily, Mr. Stone, yoa had already removed the crib— so tbat the l'ght questions I put to her to test the memory ot.tne baby, and of other' inoldentk connected with the passage from the island,' might not win a significance to frighten ber by proofs ol the things I spoke to hor abont. I will ark you, Captain Weeks, and you, Mr. Stone, to make no reference to the child/ nor to anything' whioh has happened since we left the isteridi In her presence. It <b best that she should slowly ronliss tbet the memory whioh ought. to cover the past few months is a blank. Tbere is nothing to so-re bsr in this/ nor to alarm me; indeed, I tvonld rather she should have tho truth in in my own version of it. ' It is, I talto it, a speoial act of God's mercy that the horrible inoidant of her island life should be hidden to her for ever, and aB, a thing likely to keep her heart sad it is well, perhapB, Mr. Stone/ looking at the old mrin with an emotion of affection kindling'in hiB'fine dark eyeB, ' that the memory of onr poor little baby should be sealed from her. ' Both Stone end Hiram knockled their fore heads in recognition of the clergyman's wishes, and then 8tone said : ' If she haB her memory perfect down to the point you name, what more coatd sbe need, sir, prowiding, of .coarse, tbat she goes oa afresh from this morning without ao; more stoppages?' ' 'Taste's only- this.' said Hiram, with a nervons look aloft- and' a hesitating glance around, I if Miss Fox has got no memory of this hero -woyage, she'll never be able to appreciate the -way we made the island Bhe was oaBt npon, - nor" tbe sailing or - tbe" Golden Hope, and her behaviour in all aorta of weather.' . Oh, but ' she will/ said Fortesone, smiling. ' Hor present memory will enable her to preserve tbe reoolleotion of what I tell her touching the voyage, and that being so, Captain Weeks, it will be my faalt if ebe doesn't folly appreciate the beaaty of this little vessel, yonr skill as a navigator, and tha loyalty and high qanlitiesoi oar groat-hearted old friend here/ and be laid his band upon Stone's ahoolder._ ' Woll, sir/ said Stone, looking aa thongb this condescending act of Mr. Fortescno wonld break him down. - 'I can. only say from the bottom of my sonl I'm glad — I'm glad tbiogs have torned ont aa they have. I always felt aa tbat a little thing 'nd do it.' . 'Stone thinks the baby did it, Mr. For- teBcne/ said Hiram, ' Tbe lady's memory/ . observed Stone, lookiDg down npon the deck, ' a coming back to her at the moment when the little hammook limbed off tbe plank into the water, seemed eo me as if it was tbe gratitood of tbe hinfent for MieB Fox's cherishing of him that did it Hiram bere don't understand/ continued the old man, with a glance at the Bkipper, ' bnt tbat ain't my fault.' ' I understand/ said Mr. Fortesone, thought fully, and obvionaly impressed with the rongb sailor's fanoy. ' Well, it's beyond my laming/ exolaimed Hiram, slightly vexed apparently by the clergyman's readj; apprehension of Stone's notion ; ' bnt a ship's fok'sle ain't much of a college, and eo there's no oall for me to 'pologiBe. Here, yon, Johnny 1' he bawled, ' bear a band now with the cabin dinner. How's her bead, Jim ?'. Tbe course was given. ' Ha 1' excl|imed Hiram. ' So she's come np to it. Bill/ said he, tnrolngto Stone, ' if the trades ain't hamming in oat rigging to-night yon shall call me a former, and watch me piak me the hayseeds ont o' my hair,'. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 