Taking the Black Vail. FIVE MAIDENS' FINAL VOW. [Communicated.] On Thursday last, I was privileged to witness a most impressive and interesting ceremony, in the church of the TJrsuline Convent, of this town. Five young ladies, who have been for more than two years un der<roin<* their novitiate, knelt be fore the alter, to pronounce their final and irrevocable vows, in the presence of the whole community, and a large number of the clergy, including his Lordship Dr. Torreg rriani (Bishop of Armidale), and his Lordship Dr. Doyle (Bishop of Graf ton), who came by special invitation to take part in this interesting cere mony. The proceedings opened with a procession, along the veran dah from the eomnrahity-room to the church, formed by the nuns— each bearing a lighted taper, and clad in their long choir mantles— the five novices being conspicuous in snow-white veils, with wreaths of white flowers. The tapers they bore were likewise adorned with minute flowers and green leaves. Close upon the nuns followed the clergy in their magnificent vest ments, some of which have been heirlooms in the Convent dating a hundred years back. As tbe pro cession moved slowly on, the solemn chant of the hymn " Veni Creator Spiritns" (Come, Holy Ghost, Cre ator, Come) arose on the still air, mingling with the strains of the organ in the choir. On entering the church, the nuns took their places in the stalls on either side, the clergy advanoed to the altar, whilst the five novices formed a line across the centre of the church, their lighted tapers in their hands, where they remained till the hymn was ended. Then, advancing to the altar steps, they knelt before his Lordship of Armidale, who offi ciated throughout, assisted by the Very Rev. Dean O'Connor, V.G., and the usual formula of questions and answers, appointed for the can didates to religious profession, was gone through. This was followed by Mass, during which several i choice portions of the works of Mo i zart, Haydn, Weber, and Gounod j were executed in first-rate style by j i the choir in the gallery. After the j singing of the Agnus Dei, each no-j vice, advancing in turn to the altar j i steps, and holding between her j | joined hands a sheet of parchment, j ! on which her solemn vows had been j ' previously written and signed with j ; her own hand, kneeling, read out i the same in a clear, distinct voice. j His Lordship meanwhile held the j Blessed Sacrament over her head, the Mother Superior standing at the novice's right hand, and the Mother Assistant kneeling at her left. As soon as the novice had read out the formula of profession, the Mother Assistant presented a pen to her, wherewith to affix a cross to her signature, and then she received the most holy Sacrament as the pledge of her mystic espousals to the Lord of heaven and earth. Be fore returning to her place, she knelt at the foot of the Superior, to give up into her hands the for mula of religious profession. All having pronounced their vows, Mass was finished, after which the Bishop, assuming the cope and mitre, intoned the antiphon, "Veni, Sancte Spiritus," which was fol lowed by some prayers, and several beautiful antiphons, sung very sweetly by the nuns, alternately with the newly-professed sisters. Upon the Bishop intoning the an tiphon, "Veni, Sponsa Christi" (Come, spouse of Christ, receive the crown prepared for thee by the Lord from all eternity") tbe five sis ters advanced to the altar steps, their faces beaming with delight, to receive the black veil of the pro fessed, in exchange for the white. The Bishop placed the veil on the head of each sister, she then knelt before the Mother Superior, who pinned the veil, and replaced the bridal wreath; and it would have teen worth while for those persons who falsely imagine a religious profession to be a sad and cruel spectacle, to witness tbe counte nances, beaming with delight, of those five maidens, as they returned to their places with the black veils on their heads. After several touch ing prayers by the celebrant, the newly professed chanted alternately with the choir the beautiful re sponse, " Regnuua Mundi" (The em pire of the world, and all the gran deur of this earth have I despised for the love of our Lord Jesus Christ, Whom I have seen, Whom I have loved, in Whom I have be lieved, towards whom my heart in clineth," etc.) Then the celebrant intoned tbe Te Denm, which was exultantly taken up by the choir, whilst the newly professed pros trated themselves on the floor, their arms extended in the form of a cross, in which posture they re mained till the hymn was ended. This was to signify their death to the world and to themselves, by the act of religious profession, from which they were to arise to a new life, dedicated entirely to tbe ser vice of God and their neighbour. The ceremonies closed with the singing of a joyful psalm, " Ecce quam bonum" (Behold how good and pleasant it Is for brethren to dwell together in unity;" during which the new sisters, conducted by the Mother Assistant, made the tour of the church to receive a cor dial and loving embrace from each of the community. This was a most affecting sight, and one which, together with the whole ceremony, will certainly have made an indel lible impression on all those who were privileged to witness it. The procession now reformed, as before, the cross-bearer leading the way, and the choir singing the psalm, Deus Misereatur, all retired from thechurch, and the clergy adjourned to the large school-room, where breakfast was laid out for the rev. guests, the room and tables having been ^ tastefully decorated for the occasion with a profusion of flowers. The clerical gentlemen who took part in the ceremony besides their Lordships of Armidale and Grafton were the following: Veiy Rev. Dean O'Connor, V.G., Rev. Fathers Joachim, Petre, and Cavanagh of this diocese; Rev. Father Corcoran, of Maitland, and Rev. Fathers Hig j garty and Ahearne, Redemptorists. I The Rev. Father Higgartydelivered a most impressive and eloquent ; address upon this occasion. He set forth both the hardships and | trials incident to the religious life, | and . the peace and true happiness that are enjoyed in it. He also showed how erroneous the opinion of the world is in considering a re ligious profession as something ter rible, even cruel; and the life of a nun as a thing too dark and dismal to be thought of without shudder ing. The five young ladies whose profession I had the pleasure of witnessing, had evidently quite a different opinion of the step they were taking: it needed hut one glance at their faces to be assured of their perfect happiness. Yet they were not acting blindly, or under impulse, when they pro nounced their irrevocable vows; during a novitiate of more than two years they had ample time and opportunity for testing their voca tion, and making acquaintance not only with the duties, but also with the hardships of that life to which they are now finally bound. It was with full knowledge of what were about to do that they they exchanged the pleasures and vanities of the world for a life of unceasing prayer and labour under the habit of St. Ursula. One of these young ladies is a native of Sandhurst, Victoria, two from Fe thard, Ireland, one from Waterford, and one from Cork. May their noble and generous sacrifice of home, friends, country, and all the world holds dear, be rewarded in < this life by the blessing of heaven on all their labours, and in the life to come by the crown prepared for them by their heavenly Spouse from all eternity. 