A SUBDJEOT FOR MEN AS PREACHIED BY MtRS. BAEYERTZ-I-HELL. (TO THE EDITOR OF THEI TANDAItD.) SnR,-The abovomentioned place was the subject of Mrs. Bacyertz's lecture to the men ,and boys of Alexandra a short time ago; and though I have a great amount of respect for any lady's feelings, I think I can show you how contrary her statements are to common sense and reason, and how -irreconcilable to each other. Shelirst says-" I there a hell? Yes, because Jesus toldme." 'that is the:only reason she gives. Now I'd just like to know why Jesus does not tell some of us who are so sceptical regarding hell. Secondly-" What is: hell? Hell is a world, or planet, something" similar to the one we live in. Devil will be'the king or ruler. God will not torment them there." I would like some of her believers to inform me how she came by this information. Then she says that "all your hearts are as black as bell." I may say she paints that pretty black. God created ns according to his own liking. Why did he nmake us so black ? And unless we believe in wlmt she tells us, hell will be our portion for all eternity, no matter how good and honorable our lives might have been otherwise. Then comes a colnlicting part: -"As a man soweth so shall he reap." I don't see why a man should be cainlgoed to eternal damnation after he has lived as good a life as he could, and cannot see where he reaps what he sows according to Irs. Blaeycrtz's reasoning. Again-" Is hell ternal ? Yes; andl 'll tell you why." Then f ltows the same old reason that is advancee fir nearly all her statements, viz., "Jesus told: me so." Then she goes on to show you hog you can avoid going to hell, and leaves you pith the impres sion that the chances are abost 10 to 1 on you getting there if you balieve wlpt she says. Now just a word about the unpardinable sin which she says is committcl when you refuse to ac cept the salvation offered by Jesus through the I[oly Ghost, until I-Ie will trouble you no more. it looks to rme as if the Holy Ghost helps you to commit the sin when iHe gives you up, having once started with yoe. lHowever, she says that "once you have committed the iunpardon:able sin you are at rest in this world ; you are never trouble:l about a ftture etatc,-and wilth regard to it you are totally indifferent." Then comes a deathbed story (hel has a good number of these, and puts a lot of feeling into thme, well calculated to bring tears to the eyes of the very soft-hearted) :-"? A yiiung girl dyiing; evecral ministers hadl been with her; could not mlmake her bother about the future state. Mrs. B. was called in ; talkedl to her; still no good; started to pray; could not go on because God toil her not to ; that girl had committed the unpardronable sin--? she left the girl to die and go to lHell." She told n us a story to that cll'ect oni Sunday night. Then on Tuesday night another story, whbich I say is qulite condrudictory to the first. You, Mr. .Editor, shllI judge. HIeroit is :-" A man, dying (usual) in the Goe long Hospital; severad meiunsters there ; ,Mrs. B. called in ; man in a terrible way concerning the state of his soul ; praying, crying, etc., but too late he had committed the nnpsrdonable vin ; why should lie be so much troblled"? After a lot more similarnonscuse she winds uphy calling us a lot of drivelling idiots, and says lunatics in the asylum are not so mad as we are. And worst of all (in my simple mind) she rays that it is God who is talking to us through hr lips. A nice thing for the Almighty (whom I truly worship) to create us and then call us a lot of drivclling idiots. I call it rank blasphemy. Yours, etc., tIl[l'LT'O:0;. 