A LADTS LETTER FROM LONDON. LONDON, Djta 23. The iqijprotucfefoB celebration of (he Pope's Mobiles ia.^be ;inoBt interesting topic of a cheerful jiatnre which offers itself for discus sion just ajtpresent There really is nothing "" of Jpleisaht 'COBipleiioii to contem B, iU^ $fiiriBtmaa wU1 be strictly playgoera and the children. The eJ^il^oBt^ ^eiVatican of the Jubilee dfferijafei/fwhidb^will open with the new year, wilP^'^oPbiiBn^BSS&hle; interest All the , of the Bplendonr, j^^alaa- ot tbe ips indicate the Of theshpp as an art-cob tautta ofmoney whichnre ?ti» Pope (including M .Norfolk) are not, ^^jsM^^nhat with those things nnnm mur' ' *hd inoney cato buy the eyes of the beholders wulhcgr&tified; to UiM folL "On every side," says the special m <*«# specimens o£ high woAmanship in Bculp ture, painting, modelling, weaving, needle* work. There art carpetB bo enriched with cold and raft needlework that no man would be so graceless as to set foot upon them. There are laces so costly as it is only given to few to see, and to none but Royal per sonages to wear. In some of the galleries cold, Bilver, and gems flash upon the eye at every turn, as if the Vatican gardens had been transformed into a palace of the genii-" I believe the Emperor of Austria's gut is admitted to be the most splendid. It con sists of a cross and ring set with magnificent jewels, and worth £4,000. Next to this comes the mitre sent by the Emperor Wil liam "sown" with diamonds, sapphires, rubies, and emeralds. The Sultan gives a ring, a priceless solitaire diamond; the Queen Regent of Spain also, gives a ring, a fine sapphire set in diamonds. The pre sent of the Due de Nemours iB a pectoral cross in large emeralds; the Comte de Paris offers a beautiful writing-table; his wife gives a silver model of the Versailles statue of Joan of Arc (this statue is the work of the Prin cess Amelie of Orleans, one of King Louis i Philippe's daughters); the Prince Regent of liavaria sends a pair of beautiful stained glass windows, from the famous fabrique at Musie, and the poor Queen mother—that Royal recluse, whose sorrows have so far surpassed the ordinary lot of women—offers to the Pope a piece of tapestry representing the Crucifixion, containing 24 figures of Bur prising execution, and richly arabeaqued in golcL It is fitting to make mention, next to her, of the Empress Eugenie, also a mourn ing mother ; her present is a portrait of the Prince Imperial, framed in violets of ame thyst and bees of gold. The fine principe edition of the Vulgate, magnificently bound, which the Duke of Norfolk has presented to the Pope, onjbehalf of Queen Victoria, is of great value; but it is surpassed by the King of Saxony's gift—a fac simile of the Con stance Jiiblia Pauperum of the 14th century, enriched with portraits, and having 100 jewels in the binding. Concerning this " Bible of the Poor," the correspondent of the Pall Mall Gazette says:—"The Algcmeine Zcitung has prophesied truly, that it will not be exceeded in artistic merit by any Royal gift in the collection." A Jewish physician of Hungary sends a manuscript renroductiou of the Julian, Gregorian, Hebraic, and Hebro-Gregorian Calendars, while the Car-' dinal-Archbishop of Carthaze contributes a ] treasure that has aroused deep interest in the j great archaeologist de Rossi This is a silver mortuary casket made to receive the remains of a martyr of the early African Church. Upon the cover are chisellings in relief of the style of the fifth century, of the monogram of Christ, palms, fish, doves, and other symbols. Tnia treasure was found recently, together with an altar slab, carefully con cealed in a sepulchre near the ruins of an ancient basilica not far from Constantinople. . The ex-president of the French Republic' presents a beautiful vase and inkstand in the ! famous white porcelain of£Nitnes; these are very beautiful objects. Rome will be crowded ] from the beginning of the year; the re sources of the city will be taxed to the utmost for the accommodation of the immense number of strangers, who will " form a more | representative gathering," Bays a correspon dent, " of men of every race and colour of the human family than is ever likely to be seen again in our time." The travellers' agencies are very busy, and I also hear ol large parties being formed tinder the guidance of amateur Cooks and Gazes for a visit to the Eternal City. One of the most curious sights I have ever seen was the exhibition of the Truth toys, at Willis's Rooms, during the early part of this week. In the vast apartments—gaily deco rated in the llorid style of the period of Al mack's and the ExclusiveB, hung with pic tures of which some are good and others are worthless, and peopled, one must believe, to even the tamest fancy, with legions of ghosts of those who have disported themselves within their walls land gone away to dusty death—was arrauged the wonderful collection of toys which has been brought together in response to Mr. Laboucbere's annual appeal, for distribution to the poor children in the hospitals and workhouses. The growth of this project into a regular institution is very remarkable. I was one of those who visited the then editorial offices of Truth—they were far east, in Cheapside—in 1880, when the first collection was formed.and I was much struck with the spectacle. Everyone was glad to learn that upwards of one thonsand toys were given away on that occasion. The following year prizes to the value of fifteen guineas for the best home-made toys were offered, and the subscriptions for the purchase of new toys also increased to such on extent that on Christmas Day every one of the children in the London hos pitals was presented with a toy. The number £f children was 1,527. And in addition to this general distribution, several of the hos pitals were given a selection of larger and more expensive toys, intended for the general amusement of the little patients. In 1882, the number of children who participated in the Christmas distribution was over 5,000; a number of the workhouse inmates being in cluded, and the exhibition took place at Limmer's Hotel In announcing the compe tition for the home-made toys in 1883, special inducements were offered to the makers of doll's houses, and the result was that a number of most ingeniously-made specimens were exhibited. Irpmember these doll's bonses well, and hov|pBdh^mased I was to find the eethette erase acgptotdyrendeiedln the upholstering of thetti The workmanship of several of theee <*pusee Was of a finely finished kind; I do hot thinkiftasa yet been surpassed, though the most recent doll's houses are more spacious and architectural. On this occasion 9,000 toys were distributed, and a .new feature was introduced. Five thousand sixpences, brand new from the mint, were spot to Mr. Lobouchere, for the work bouse children, by an anonymona donor, end in each workhouse box, besides the allotted number of toyB, numerous packets of tea for the old women, and tobacco and enuff for the old meg were included. In 1884 the hospital ana workhouse Teturns showed that 11,175 toys would be required, but again the requisite sum of money was forthcoming.'hot' only to provide1 a toy for each child, but again to nehd«. Selection of larger and more expensive playthings for use in each hospital and workhouse ward. This' time the anonymous aonor lent 8,000 six pences. and £100, contributed by a lady who desired toremain unknown by 'the general' public, was -expended in the purchase of 15 •TT" "7* v*. vus uwumiui model tbye, for which several prizeehod been offered. In 1885, the Truth Toy Ex bibitionwas, crowded to mem all day long, andJ&000 toys werediatributed. .AgMn the model toye formed the most prominent' feature, and I recall in perftcnlar -a curiously ekact representation of a aubnrban railway for which We now look as a matterofcOntse, hut a neat novelty was oKiifi to the Cyramid built tin of mwu. i.__. ■ ox, Mr. Tom Bmith hSLW® in them aa a gift Last yearldw^01 the Truth toys, but the public w»V« ^ loud in praise of the Collection ; were required for diatribution-4 rim hfe figures whioh tells a tide of diKa .e be ignored by those superior i£a2i?hi'» gard the sufferings ot the "lofor dasaM » „ a nuisances to :be hidden as w uuwuiua oi isauiw toys are ex. hibited. Mr. Labouehere hit upon the haw device of asking for dolls dressed by ladies ai home, and the response has been quite wonderful. Countess Annesley's 800 doll, all ranged along the succession of tabW form a central feature of the great show whili two enormous pyramids and two large screen, exhibit dolls innumerable, with the names of the ladies who have dressed^ them attached Mrs. Jeune, always the untiring friend of the children, contributes 50 dolls. I noticed that these are simply dressed; but very neatly and with most accurate fitting. To give an idea of the variety of the toys would be impossi ble. One felt lost in a world of them • the Noah's Arks especially were, bewildering to my great satisfaction, to observe1; for 1 am convinced, both by experience and observa tion, that no toy ia so delightful to a child as a Noah's Ark, and since the injurious practice of painting the animals has been abandoned, the juvenile proprietors< may pop .the smaller deer into their mouths, as they inv&riablydo;, with comparative impunity,' The doll-dreasing for the Truth exhibition has been a source of much pleasant companionship and rational amasement daring the now closing year having been taken up in country places in the' practical fashion of doing such things that prevails in America. A doll-dressing " bee," with:a formally appointed president, pro ficierit in the art of "cutting-out," and a competentreader-ont, whose part it is to cheer the labours of the fair needlewomen by read ing aloud to them when once they have been set going, has been instituted in several country towns and in the suburban neigh bourhoods. This is a movement which will be found to have a refiex influence for good, to bless not only the recipients of the dressed dolls, but the dreBsers. The rivalry between Drury-laneandCovent garden as the competitive homes of panto mime is to be revived this Christmas. At the Garden " Jack and the Beanstalk" fur nishes the motif of a spectacle which pro mises to he entertaining and grandiose. I hear great things of the parade of the seven champions of Christendom, and there can be no doubt that Miss Leslie will be infinitely charming as the bold adventurous Jack. The production of a new play by Mr. Hamil ton Aid6, with Miss Genevieve Ward in the leading role, is among the pleasant prospects in things theatrical with which the new year is opening, MiSs Grace Hawthorne's manage ment of the Princess's is notunccesstul; she has failed signally, with a preposterous play called "Siberia." Mr. Toole has just sus tained a great loss by the death of his old friend and accomplished manager, Mr. George Loved&y;, whose well-known figure will be missed by all playgoers.. Me waa a very clever man, and most courteous—a quality not quite universal among the executive of the London theatres. Christmas books are as numerous as usual, and more attractive than ever. Among the very beet is Tattgkwood Tales, by Nathaniel Hawthorne, exquisitely illustrated by Mr. Whartqn. Messrs. Chatto and Windus have made ft deeded > cogpby £ the mlgicationof this curious work, in which the quaint ori ginality of the celebrated Americau novelist is brought to bear upon classic lore with remarkable effect. To the same pub lishers we owe a delightful little volume by Louis Stevenson, milled Memories and Portraits. I fear, from the melancholy utterance of the preface, that the writer, who has become personally dear to thousands of readers to whom he is actually unknown, is despondent about bis own health. " We seem to catch a farewell in the tone" of his explanation; but we may reasonably hope this is only caused by the degression to which so keenly imaginative a mind would neces sarily be subject ip illness.^ The latest accounts received ■; by- Mr, j. :8levenBon s friends*were 'deddedly favourable.* Among new novels Mr. Hall Cajne's Isle of Man etory, The Deemster, bean away the palm. It is a work of the highest class of merit—a noble, tragical romance, with character draw ing of rare power, and a rugged pictnresque ness such as no other writer ot the day possesses. The book excites Yivid curiosity apart from its attraction as a story by the ex traordinary revelation which it makes of the customs and superstitions, Jocal. laws and social observances, subsisting nntil a com paratively recent period ip the Isle ot Man. It 4s Jong; pinoc; fnpb a »ark has been made In : the literature of fiction as i that; nttoiped by l«* Deemster. ' WeAre' promised.* novel by Mn Buchanan for the forthcoming season. _ Mr. Marion; Crawford's I ^Pcipff.ia * fair, but not a striking," iample of that author's ability. . Messrs. Hurat and Blackett have juBt published a novel called A New Face at the Doof, by Miss (or Mrs.) Jane Stanley, a hitherto unknown Writer, which bail -ConBpiciwnS imcfit^i./Tlie dan gerously-attractive governess, whose .ways are like those of the immortal Ah Bin, is, indeed, a wellknown typfc/«*4 has been much overworked since the lll-nshd angel, tor whom Lady JBlessington demanded in her picture, Thackeray's immortalBeSky Sh6tpe, but she finds S new development in Jane in the category; case of .wife-polsonlhg at^Jork, which nas resulted in the condensation to death ot Cross, has two features in common with toe caseof IJie Quaker 'I>we1L a criminal who is graph. One is the hopelessness of, the de fence—quite equal to Tawell'e counsel the pS^ame of Ajpplep»p Kelly"—the other ft "QikooStsurenesa of the ISfeffiffi Tawell ortCrosBi his wife to hotea ^Itijiglto tak" him home in tjiumpb-irom the gaol, sad gave for whose backto tjmccww ciUbre of f he inVitea sewriu mas with him at > near Cork, and wi he ordered thiti»^Bn^d Lim should! sod that tf dinner onS domestic i governess 