NEW SOUTH WALES. fi'itoit omi oyra iu:i'iti:snNTATrvE.) Sro.N'KV, Juno 4. Tue pnBt yveek in Parliament wuh marked by three principal events-tho resignation of Mr. Dibbs, tho pus-ling of tho Estimate*, and tho arrest of Mr. M'EIhone. Tho first-namod was the roBult of Hie ill-advised yvant of oonlldonco motion which Mr, Dibbs undottook a yveek before without consulting his quasi-followera and porsiatod in against 'thoir vvjhhos. But Mr. Dibbs never really led the variod edomonts whioh go to make up tho present Opposition in tho Assembly. It is vory questionable if any one man could do so, and to bIiovv how this is recognised ono has only to observe the many oandidntos for the vacancy mid tho utter im- possibility for oithor of them to loud (ho rest. in fact, mon like Melville mid M'lälhono yvill bo led by no ono- That tho Estimules yvero at last passed iu a fow hours was tho result of tho disorganisation of tho Opposition, and tho fuot that tho proposod reductions in tho civil Bevvioo salaries havo to bo oithor adopted or rejected according to the report of the royal commission. Tho M'EIhone episode was thoroughly cha- racteristic of . that gentleman's peculiarities. Ho insulted tho Minister for Lands in his . absonco by charging him with having fleeced tho Treasury. AVhou called to order, ho dofiod the House to do its worst, refused to withdraw or npologiso, and de- liberately yvont home to bod. Next day yvhen given into tho custody of tho Sergoant-afc-nrins for his fault, ho, undor pretence of apologifing, insulted the House moro grossly. Eventually members lind to accept a half apology, roluo tantly tendered, as thoy naw no other way out of tho difficulty. Tho ploii yvhich carno from Mr. Abbott that" considering tho temperament of the lion, gontlomon (Mr. M'Elhono), Um House had received ns muoh from him as could reasonably bo oxpooted," was a now codo of morals for legislators, and as tho ploa was practically admitted, some uoyv developments in Parliamentary manners may bo looked forward toshortly. Homo of our membors havo very distinct peculiarities of temper, and if thoy uro nllowod to exhibit them in thoir own particular way, à la M'EIhone, there will bo " wigB on tho green," and not oven the new rules can curb tho disordor. Tho Chinese cpiestion is still a piominont ouo in men's mouths, and it is a fact that homo of the Chinese hove gone, despite the Supremo Court and tho local manclarins, back to China. But it is also a faot that as many ivoro allowed to land and to bo absorbed into the population as were sent away, and that the Chinóse vege- table hawker still plies his daily vooatiou us successfully as ho did beforo Saturday's anti-Chineso demonstration. Por, a« Mr. Ninian Melville told the Domain crowd, thov wore nnli-Gliinese to the backbone, but for nil that they liked to got cheap vegetables from the Chinamen and lot their bretlnon starvo ; and ho had no doubt that many of thoso present had that day helped down a sumptuous dinner with Chinese vegetables. The clorgy say that abso- lute exclusion is nB impossible as it is unjust, and urge legislation, hi the direction of wiso restriction. Tho Legislativo Council has demo yeoman sorvico in declining to rush on yvith the now Chinese .Restriction Bill, and in thus allowing w'iser counsols to develop and reeeivo attention from loaders of publio thought, out- side as well as insido the walla of Parliament. A lffitet has at length been received by Cap- tain Rounding from Mr. Owen Jones, manag- ing-director of the Canadian-Pacific Cable Company, from Now Zealand. His silence is explained by the fact that he has been suffering from illness, to euro which ho took a trip to tho hot lakes of tho North Ihlnnd. Thence ho went to Auckland and there, without | coming back to Sydney a» he originally in- tended, he went on board tho Mariposa and left en route for Canada. Neyv Zealand, according ! to Mr. Jones, is with them heuit and hand. Thoy havo scoured the co-operation of Alcloua, and Tasmania, and New South AVales will bo littely to follow. The Canadian board yvill meet at Montreal as hoon na Mr. Jonoi gola there, and after consult itiou with thom ho yvill I go on to London, yvhi>ro his addroas is til Clement's-lane. The cabio route between Suva and Auckland is now being nurvoyed by the I Hegcrin, and her next work ought to be the lino from Suva to Biisbano, but that, of course, depends on the new Government. The meeting which responded to the invita- tion of the mayor to attend at tho Town Hall and discuss tho Paling Convalescent. Ilorm j hchemo wits a very small one, considering the i impjrtanco of the subject. Mr. Paling's inunificfnt gift of ground, buildings, and a mm, of .ÍI0ÍQ00 need* to bo «upple'tiietitod by a further sum of £15,000 before the suffe'i'iiig poor can d, i i i e Iwneiit from it. The nieeiin;.-. however, yvaii fjir'.v successful from a fmaiioial point of view, as nearly £1600 was collected in tho room. Sir Honry Parkes mado ono of his characteristic spcoohes, in oourso of whioh ho narrated how, somo twenty-two yours siuco, his attention was called to tho inofiioioncy of tho nursing staff at tho Sydney Infirmary, there being only ono fomnlo, mid that ono a Mrs. Ghost. Ho accordingly sent to England and enlisted tho sympathy of that most glorious aud loving of women, Floranco Nightingale (how tho audienoo oheored at tho mention of tho name), in selecting a trained nursiug staff for tho institution. Under tho matron, Miss Osborn, theso did good sorvioo in their timo, anil woro tho origin of trained norning in tho colony. Tho promoters of tho Paling Homo aro confident that tho sum they require will soon ho at thoir disposal. Tho consular dinuor in Sydney is always a ploasmit ovont and ono of interest, especially to tho commoroial world. That of last wook wits no exception to tho rulo. Tho attendance was a brilliant ono, from a consular point of view. Thero aro at proseut no fowor than twonty-two duly acoredifuel consuls rosiding in Sydney itself, in nddition to fonrtoen moro at Now caitlo. Tho priiioipnl ahsonteo was Colonol Morgan, tho Consul-Gonernl for tho United States in Australia, who did not arriva in Syd- ney until two days after tho dinnor. Colonel Morgan has beon to Wallington to arrango for tho ropi-osontalion of tho States at tho Mol- bourno Exhibition, and has succeeded very woll in his mission ; for though their court may bo a little lato in completion, it will bo witloly representativo. Tho principal toast at this (limier is, "Tho Sovereigns and Rubra of iho Countries R -presented in Sydney," und il was on this occasion most oloquantly proposod by Mr. Griffin, also a United Statos representative, and a r^rfoct lutor-dinnor Bpcakor. Mr. Griflin writes us woll as ho speaks-a proof of which hi seen in tho fact that tho Government of tho colony havo publishctl at their own ex- panse tho oousular reports whioh ho has mado on tho oommorco and manufactures of Now South Walos during his stay in Sydney. Tho reports aro full of valuable 'information, care- fully compiled, and form a most valuiiblo hand- book to tho colony. A élirions turu was givon to a oiiso in tho Qiiartor Sossions Court last wook, whoa a young woman of highly rospoctiiblo nppeirnnoo named Stuart was charged with koopiu1,' a disorderly houso. Tho tenement was pni'ti.illy occupied hy hor as a tobaooonist's shop, with somo adjoining rooms, but, unfortunately, Biuulwiohod in between hot- iipnrtmonts was nnothor occupied as nn offico by a Mr. Harold Selwyn Smith (¡mamo well known in Brisbane), who is a member of tho Social Purity Sooloty. Mr. Smith lind boen very much annoyed, Uko a good many otiioo holders in olhor huildiugs, by tho noiso that wont on »round him, Ho avers that ho heard bad words, mid that tho oombiet was so distrr.icoful that iu order to get. prupor punishment awarded for It ho phmtud two oflioi'i-.s of his Konioty in ii position to hoar what wont on, and alni) allowed thom lo boro holes in Iho partition so that thoy might boo as voll as hour. Tho report of tho officers formed tho basin of tho subsequent pi o .locution; but for tho dofonee it was stoutly ooiittmdod thal though thero had boon noiso and lurking thoro had boen no impropriety of any kind. Tho president of Iho sooioty was called na a witness lo Bomo of tho earlier steps in tho procoodings, but ho diel not appear, as ho disapproved of tho luminar iu which tho inquiry was cundoot«1. For tho dofonco, couiiroI eiosirod to onll a number of mombors of Parliament, and a list was handed up to his Honour, which cawood him to remark that if thoy nil nppcarod tho Lçgiblalivo Assembly would havo to ho ad- journed. However, two rcapoolablo hoiisu Iioldors adjoining and near Mrs. Stuart's, cunio fonvnrel and gnvo suoh straightforward ovi elonco about tho Bhop that tho jury had no tiltornativo but to find tho accused not guilty. Sho then left tho oourl with hot- friends, who assort that tho aooicly's oflicors woro vary imfn.ii' in thoir zeal for tho task intrusted to thom. Two days afterwards Iho matter was bi'Oiighl. boforo Parliiiniont, and (ho Colonial Secretary protnisocl to havo tho ciroiiin«tiincos iuquhod into. Tho ancient, law cropped up again in tho Polico Court hist wook, whon tho throo fortuno tollors, Sabrina Johnson, Fanny Gilroy, noel Jack Bosco woro sontouced to ono year's imprisonmont caoh for fortuno tolling. Tho conviction was mado undor ono of tho Aot.s of good old Goorgo III., mid beides (ho torm of imprisonment which thoy imposed, tho bondi woro oropoworod to scud tho prisoners to stund in tho pillory for an hour on market duy. Whether it was for laok of Iho instrument of torturo was not stated, but tho lattor part of tho puniBhmont was not inflioted. Tfio return of tho Iransnotions of tho Sydney branch of the Royal Mint for tho month of May shows Queensland fltill lo tho fore ¡n tho supply of gold for coining purposes. Of 'l/),855oz. receivod during the month, vnluo £100,051, no less than 38,'M5oz. «mino from tho Norlhorn colony. Now South AVnles sont in moro than usual, tho month's return from this colony being G018oz. Tho total amount received sinoo tho 1st January was 233,0U0oz., valued nt £005,01!, of which 200,86fioz. carno from Queensland-or about four-fifths of the total quantity. Ono hundred mid fifty-six thousand sovereigns yvero coined during Muy, bringing the numbor coined for the first fivo mouths of tho year up to 803,000. During that porlod also £2130yvorth of silver bullion' yvas issued, as well asX2185 worth of now sil vor coin (imported of course), and £270 yvorth of now bronze coin. Tho British footballers bid fair to loaoh us as muoh about thoir own particular pastime us tho early oriokotors did about theirs. Tlieir superiority over our best local mon was clearly demonstra! ed on Saturday last. Thoy uro, of course, a pioked loam, and aro typical foot bullors-not too tall and thioksot, but as activo us cats. Tho general opinion was that thoir clover passing and tho determined vigour with which thoy run tho hull over the line won thom tho game. Tho local players galnod moHt ground in tho scrimmages, but in open play Jacked combination. Tho return of Miss Essio Jonyns to tho Sydnoy stage on Saturday night was a veritiiblo triumph. Monovyvas turned away in a Btylothat was heartrending to the lessee, Mr. Sqlomon, whilo Miss Muggie Knight at Her Mnjosty's, uuolhnr reappearance), yvas nearly as fortunato. Mr. Jowett, her husband, who with Mr. Ritrnold, plays yvith her in " Two Orphans," talks about playing for Queensland in Hie noxt intercolonial football match, us ho did two years ago'. AV. S. Moxloy, a Brisbane runner, was at one timo favourite, and a hot one, too, for the Car- rington Easter Handicap, but ho was put out of it in his very flfst heat in very easy fashion. On tho Tuesday following the final heats of tho handicap, Moxloy run a match with Leonard, a Sydney eprinter, and beat him wilhoutdiinoully for a Btako of £50. A bookmaker named Davis huB entered an action, oloiming damages £200, against the stewards of the Canterbury Park Racing Club for ejecting him from tho oourso for betting at their last meeting. Tho ease will bo made a test 0110 to .seo yvhother technically a man can bo expelled from a course for such a roiwon. , GUdstone Chambers, 00 Pitt-Btreot. 