DICK DOWNER'S DISENCHANT- MENT. Dick Downer was inclined to make a fool cf himself about his pretty cousin, Mrs. May blossom. Notwithstanding that she had heartlessly jilted him, his devotion to her seemed rather to increase than to diminish. He could not, of course, ignore the fact that she had treated him most scandalously; but his mild resentment fad^d away to a vanishing-point when it became apparent that his cousin's marriage was likely to prove an unhappy one. Captain Mayblossom seemed a good fellow enough in his way; but however good a fellow a man may be, if he is absolutely devoid of income and expectations, he is not a desirable helpmate. No doubt, when she eloped with him, Ada Mayblossom had counted upon being able to win back the indulgent affection of her adopted parent, Dick's father; but, great as her influence had been over the old man, she soon found that he was vindictively implacable. Not only was this so, but old Job Downer was furious with his son for what he considered his want of spirit and proper pride in defending his cousin after her treatment of him. Old Downer was never tired of denouncing his niece in terms which poor Dick could not sit by and listen to without indignant remonstrance, whereby he not only irritated his father, but innocently helped to dissipate the remotest chance of effecting a reconciliation between the two. In spite of her father's protestations Dick was a frequent visitor at the trim little villa in which her fair cousin and her pauper husband resided. Being a simpleminded individual, he might hove gone there fifty times without ever suspecting that Black Care was perched astride the gable. The house was daintily, even expensively, furnished; the living was ex- cellent, for the captain was particular about his food, and had the reputation of being one of the best judges of claret in London; while the domestic affairs generally were well ordered and showed no sighs of painful parsimony. Dick, however, was soon initiated by his cousin into the secret of impending trouble, and sympathetically shared with her the dismal apprehensions which it involved. To most people—who, by the way, had a pretty shrewd suspicion of the extent of the captain's incomely little Mrs. Mayblossom seemed entire impervious to the worry of pecuniary embarrassments. She was always welldressed, cheerful, animated and fascinating. But to Dick, in their confidential tete-a-tetes, she confessed that her affected indifference was but a mask to conceal from the world the anguish which tortured her., She contrived to make Dick actually sensible of the misery of a life of debt and Ifalse appearances, supplemented by worse than uncertainty regarding the future. Pretty Mrs. Mayblossom had enemies, of course, and these did not hesitate to insinuate that she. deliberately worked upon her cousin's feelings for the sake of getting money out of him. It would have been nearer the truth, perhaps, had they suggested that Mrs. May blossom's motive was to touch indirectly, through Dick, the adamantine heart of her wealthy uncle. At the same time it must be owned that she did get money out of Dick, and took it with a very faint show of scrapie. Dick would willingly have parted with the last farthing he possessed in the world to spare her a moment's uneasiness; but, unfortunately, the assistance he could render was of a merely temporary nature. Though nominally a partner in his father's business, his income was but that of a poorly-paid clerk, and the old man, knowing his son's simple habits, and no doubt suspecting the destination of his pocket-money, turned a deaf ear to all suggestions of a " rise." For his own part, old Downer refused emphatically to contribute a single farthing to the support of his erring niece and her husband, and manifested so unforgiving a spirit that after a time Dick abandoned, as absolutely hopeless, the ungrateful task of appealing to him. Meanwhile, natuially, things went from bad to worse in the Mayblossom menage ; creditors became clamorous, friends grew lukewarm and chary; and the procuring of the commonest necessaries of life involved ingenious but humiliating subterfuges and manoeuvres. To complicate matters, there appeared on the lowering horizon of the future an ominous thundercloud which, when it hurst, would, as Dick feored, completely submerge his poor cousin in her sea of troubles. Dick had noticed of late that Captain Mayblossom was very seldom at home ; ho gatheied incidentally that the captain disappeared from time to time, ratber mysteriously; and that his manner was changed towards his devoted wife. She, poor woman, made no complaint on the subject; but the downcast look, the half-suppressed sigh, the ill-concealed uneasiness when she referred to her husband's absences told the old sad story of neglect and faithlessness plainer than words could Dick was less startled, therefore, than he otherwise might have been at receiving from his cousin, one day, a few blotted, incoherent lines, urging him to come to her at once, as a terrible grief had befallen her. Without a moment's delay he hastened to her side, and learnt that what he had toreseen had happened, and that his cousin's husband had deserted hsr. As he gazed sorrowfully upon her, seeking in vain for words in which to convey, however feebly, his heartfelt sympathy and devotion. Dick could not help being forcibly struck by the peculiar villainv of the man who bad thus wronged ber. Poor little Miss Mayblossom was attired in a bewitching tea-gown of some soft cream-white material, decked with lace and brightcoloured ribbons, and fitting admirably to her graceful form. Her abundant tresses of auburn hair fell in wild disorder about her fair neck and shoulders, her blue eyes, moist with tears, loomed largo and bright, like stars through an evening mist, and her whole attitude betokened the most pathetic grief and despair. Dick was seized with an access of furious indignation at this moving example of Captain Mayblossom's infamy, and be rose abruptly from his seat with a fierce exclamation. " What is the matter, Dick ?" exclaimed his cousin, looking up quickly. " The matter ! That—that scoundrel I" gasped Dick, almost beside himselt. " Hush, Dick ! after all he is—he is uiy husband," sighed Mrs. Mayblossom, gently. " Yes, but Well, I will see him, at all events," said Dick, endeavouring to control himself. " He cannot realise the •wrong he has done. Besides, he cannot mean " " No, Dick," interposed his cousin, speaking in a low tone, but with clearness and decision. "Do not go to him. I forbid it. After this," she added, holding up the cruel letter her husband had written to her, " he is dead to me. The creature he prefers to me—But there, Dick, let as not speak of him! Only promise, upon your word of honour, in case you should ever meet him, not to lay a finger upon him—for my sake I" " He deserves to be shot," growled Dick, between his clenched teeth. " The greatest kindness you can do to me and to my child is to avoid anything that may lead to scandal. Will you promise, Dick, not to seek my husband?" eaid Mrs. Mayblossom, appealingly. " Of course, if you insist," said Dick, enable, as usual, to resist her pleading glance. " But—but, what is to be done 1" " For me and my darling little one, you mean ? Oh ! if it were only I alone 1' exclaimed Mrs. Mayblossom, with a gesture of despair. " There is the child, as you say," said Dick, gravely, rendered uneasy by his cousin's ominous exclamation. " For his sake, not to mention your own, we must think abont the future. In the first place, do yoa intend to apply for a divorce ?" " For my child sake, no!" said Mrs. Mayblossom, quietly but emphatically. " I have fully decided that, Dick." Somehow this decision grated upon Dick's nerveB; but he was too honestly concerned about his cousin at the moment to spare a thought about himself. *' How do you propose to live ?" he next asked. ""What will dear uncle say, when he hears ?" demanded little Mrs. Mayblossom abruptly. She looked at Dick so eagerly, as she asked the question, that it went to his heart to crush the dawning hope which her glance expressed. But, knowing his father as well as he did, Dick felt constrained to answer as bluntly that even her present distress would not purchase the old man's forgiveness. " Poor little me! I feared it would be BO," murmured the unlucky girl, applying her handkerchief to her eyes. " However," she added, briskly, " I must not give way, but remember my child. I have made up my mind what to do, Dick. Five years ago, when poor dear papa died, I left some friends behind me in Australia, when I came over to live with Uncle Job. Some of theBe will, perhaps, pnt me in the way of earning my own living, if I return amwg thm." "What! leave England, Ada I" cried Dick, with a thrill of dismay. "Yes, Dick; it will be better for many reasons," said Mrs. Mayblossom, glancing for a moment at Dick's pained expression, and then fixing her gaze abstractedly upon the point of her dainty little red morocco shoe, which peeped from beneath her dress. " Besides," she added, after rather an awkward pause, "i have no particnlar reason to feel attached to the old country." " You will leave one behind you Ada, who began Dick, with flaming cheeks." " You are always good, and kind, and noble, and generous," interposed- Mrs. Mayblossom, hastily; " and I never, no, never! Dick, shall forget all your goodness. But my mind is made up, Dick— quite made up ; and the only question is, how I am to get the money to carry out my plans." " Money," murmured Dick, somewhat sobered by the introduction of this prosaic topic. " Of course. I cannot go without money. There will be the passage to pay, and an outfit for me and pet; and, of course, I should be unhappy if I weDt without pay iug my personal debts, and I should require to have something in my purse when I land over there, shouldn't I, Dick?" said the practical little lady, with great animation. " I suppose so," raid Dick, rather faintly- " I have no doubt I could raise what you would require." " My dear, noble Dick," exclaimed Mrs. Mayblossom, feelingly. " But you couldn't •you couldn't, indeed 1 You have no idea what a sum would be needed." And, immediately, little Mrs. Mayblossom began to check off, upon her slender fingers, a number of items which soon reached a very substantiai total. Dick was considerably staggered at the amount, aud ruefully confessed that it was far beyond his modest means. The conversation thereupon took an extremely prosaic and practical turn, which renders unnecessary a detailed report of it. Dick, who could never withstand his fair cousin's humours, was easily led to abandon the sentimental aspect of the situation, and to discuss with her, soberly enough, the important question of ways and means. The result of the interview was that, having pledged himself to obtain the requisite funds to equip his cousin and her child for the contemplated voyage, Dick found himself forced to the unpleasant necessity of demanding a cheque from his father. The old man was furious when he learnt the object of his son's request, and there ensued a scene which, but for Dick's filial forbearance, might have ended in complete estrangement. But on the following morning, to his son's surprise, old Downer showed signs of relenting, and at length he said, rather sulkily :— " You and I musn't quarrel any more about that woman, Dick. She isn't worth it. I've written to Greggs, my lawyer, and told him to ship her off to Australia at my expense." " My dear father!" cried Dick, immensely relieved and gratified. You ought to feel grateful, Dick, for I'm doing it entirely upon your account, and not out of sympathy for her," growled the old man. " She deserveB her fate for her heartless conduct to you and me. Deserted by her husband, she would be more dangerous than ever over here, and I would much sooner she were on the other side of the globe." Dick hastened off to inform his cousin of the success of his mission; and, though little Mrs. Mayblossom evidently did not relish the interference of a lawyer in the business, she, nevertheless, thanked Dick very warmly and cordially for the service he had rendered. Dick would fain have taken an active part in assisting his cousin to make the necessary arrangements for her departure; but to his great chagrin, Mrs. Mayblossom said with firmness:— " No, Dick; it must not be. In the miserable position of a deserted wife I cannot be too circumspect in my conduct. Besides, as my dear, good ancle is going to pay all this money for me, I must not offend him by occupying his son's time." " But, Ada, will you not think of me a little?" cried Dick, quite plaintively. "I am thinking of your good, Dick," soid Mrs. Mayblossom, more seriously than she was wont to speak. " You must try and forget me, Dick." " Forget you, Ada i I never can, never! My heart will go with you over the sea," cried poor Dick. "No, Dick, it will not," said the little lady, fixing her blue eyes on him for an instant, with a strange look of determination. Then she added, lightly, "You shall come and see me off, Dick. I want you to come. But until then it must be au revoir." She made him a little curtsey, and then, with a «udden impulse, seized his hand and kissed it. Before poor Dick could realise what he was about, he had fallen on his knees at her feet, giving passionate utterance to his frantic adoration. His cousin looked considerably startled for a moment, and then, releasing herself gently but with firmness from his grasp, quietly insisted upon his promising not to see her again until the day of her departure. Dick, feeling considerably abashed by Mrs. Mayblossom's dignified demeanour, gave the required undertaking, guiltily conscious that the episode precluded him from questioning the decree of banishment. Dick kept his word, as in honor bound, but the fact of having avowed to his cousin the passion which caused him to formulate hopes which, up to that time, he had not seriously conceived. Now that Ada Mayblossom's husband had deserted her, might he not legitimately aspire to possess her? On the other side of the globe, in a new country, might she not be disposed to requite her life-long devotion ? He would follow her to Australia, to the utmost ends of the earth, on receiving a word, a look, the slightest sign of encouragement. These wild thoughts and ideas naturally caused Dick to anticipate with feverish impatience and anxiety their next meeting, with which he doggedly declined to associate in his mind the sad word " Farewell." When the momentous day arrived Dick found his cousin awaiting him at the head of the gangway on board the good ship Ballaarat. She was as pale as himself, but infinitely less agitated, and, after a few words of greeting, she conducted him to her cabin, where they could converse undisturbed. ' I have a confession to make to you, Dick," she said, facing him with composure. " I have already made mine, Ada," began Dick, unsteadily. "Listen to what I have to say first, Dick," said his cousin, before he could proceed. " You believe that I am about to proceed to Australia—alone." As she spoke, Mrs. Mayblossom, half involuntarily perhaps, laid her hand lightly upon a pile of luggage which encumbered the bunk beside which she was standing, and Dick recognised, with a start, a man's hat-box and a gun-case. " Is this your cabin?" he inquired, turning pale. " Yes, it is mine," she answered. "And those things?" he interrogated, quite sternly, with a glance at the compromising items. 'I told you I was not going alone, Dick," said his cousin, blushing somewhat; "these things belong to my husband." 'To Mayblossom!" cried Dick. " Is he going with you ?" ' Yes. He is in the saloon outside. Do you wish to see him?" inquired his cousin, a little sharply. " Are you, then, reconciled. Have you forgiven him ?" said poor Dick. " There is nothing to forgive," returned his cousin, lifting her handsome head, and looking at Dick a little scornfully. " He was ever the truest and best of of husbands, You never liked him, and were ready to believe the worst." " But—but the letter which you showed me," cried Dick, reddening. " He wrote it by my dictation. It was my own composition," said Mrs. Mayblossom in a hard voice. " Then your—your grief, your distress, your agitation " murmured Dick. ' Were all assumed," said Mrs. Mayblossom, mercilessly. " My husband heard every word throagh the folding-doors." ' It was a trick then—a plot!" exclaimed Dick, bitterly wounded. 'Yes, Dick, it was. I was desperate, and the only means I could devise of raising the necessary money to enable us to emigrate to Australia was by pretending to be in a position which excited your keenest sympathy. Thanks to you—for I am still grateful, Dick—the money is forthcoming," said bis cousin, unflinchingly. 'I scorn your gratitude, Ada," cried poor Dick with sudden fury. "Is this your return for all my devotion ?" he added, in a trembling voice. " I would have died for you, Ada, and now yoa are not ashamed to confess that you have made me a contemptible dope." " I wanted to convince you, Dick, that I am heartless and cruel—when I do not love," said his cousin, speaking in measured accents, bat as pale as a ghost. " In justice to my husband and to myself, and for the sake of your own future happiness, I have made this confession to you." " You might have spared me, Ada," was all Dick could say, as he opened the cabin door with a trembling hand. "I should have liked to, Dick, for it has been an unpleasant task. But I bad others to consider, besides myself; and, after all, I have been paid for what I have done." " Paid for it ?" gasped Dick. "Yes, and well paid. See here !" and, with a little hysterical laugh, -Mrs. Mayblossom drew a slip of paper from the bosom of her dress, and held it before Dick's eyes. It was a cheque, signed by his father, for £500. * * * * * The same evening Dick Downer sought au interview with his father in his study, aud said, almost fiercely— " Father, are you aware that Mayblossom never deserted his wife at all, and that the whole affair was a miserable conspiracy to get money ?" " You don't say so !" cried the old man opening his eyes in genuine astonishment. " That appears to be the case," replied Dick, rather taken aback by his father's evident bona fides, " but what about that cheque for £500 which bore yoar signature ?" " She haggled a good deal, Dick, with my lawyer about the money she required," said the old man, looking at his son curiously; " and failing to get as much as she wanted, and she came to me and offered for £500 to—to convince you of the folly of your infatuation." " She has done so, father, very effectually," said Dick. " Then I don't grudge the money," returned the old man, as his shrewd eyes twinkled.—Truth. 