When will the Strike End? TO THIE EDITOILR. Sir,-That is the question every. body is asking, but nobody can answer. Ask the Associated Masters, they reply, "Cannot say." Ask the miners' delegates, they are in the same fog. The Mediation Committee have given up the ghost in their is sue of farewell address to the citizens in your columns of to-day. After much time and labour, and a good deal of insults, they retire from the conflict, and are told in plain English to mind their own business. Stilted dignity on the part of the masters, and arrogant assumption on the part of the delegates, have determined that the battle shall be fought alone to the bitter end. The unfortunate part of the warfare is that the con tending parties are the leastsufforers in the mighty struggle now going on It would be some consolation for the innocent public to know that either or both parties could breathe a sigh of pity for those they are desolating. In the struggle the voice of humanity is drowned in upholding dignity. Just contemplate what this community has and is pay ing for the assertion of dignity: ruined credit commercially, the loss of trade, and who can reckon up the loss to the owners of those splendid ships in the harbour? At the time when the crisis between masters and men was ripe for a strike, if the coal proprietors had had only ordinary solicitude for the interests of the ship owners, they would have conceded a point to the miners, in order to oblige old and valued customers, and give them quick dispatch. The captains would not have stuck at a shilling or more a ton in order to complete round trips of engagements. But, to say nothing of the present damage done, can the Associated Masters possibly estimate the loss sustained by those ship.owners, or appreciato the present and future loss which must fall upon I themselves and their shareholders ?P The masters are charged with re sponsibilities of an awful char actor, being the stewards of God's store-house of treasure for all his people, and their trusteeship can only be for a few more years; therefore, let them act like men, having regard to humanity, and actuated also by patriotic motives. Now that the Citi zons' Committee are wiped out, and that masters and mon must meet alone, lot there be kindly considera tion shown for each other's faults, and a hearty desire to make an agreement satisfactory to both sides. The masters are gentlemen of education and cul ture. In coming in contact with the delegates, they should exerciseo pa tience, and make allowances for faults which may possibly arise more from the head than the heart. I know it is a very diflicult matter to have to deal with their secretary, and, seeing that he also has in his keeping interests of large magnitude, I hope he will en deavour to relax his frigid countenance and soften his granite heart before the conference takes place.-Yours, &c.;, A?Ious. 