viyj j — ? tc OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. Friday. hip l Ihe adroit action taken by tlie Go- & ascent in inviting the Legislative tfe toad to discuss the question of the |p encase of its numbers has wonderfully m 'Wed the situation, and improved the gpi- aspects of the Electoral Bill. At the It aetime it must he borne in mind that ||; ereal test of the measure will be the g;- .mmittee %it in the Assembly. ||?;>aik''S are lieginning to discover that E?|scip-t/ iwinniaries do not make the gffek sn:-;i!i!e electoral ones, while it pjsbe a-Jiuitfed that some of the new g|-- Its must he considerably altered. 1 As one witli a feeling that there pine teen considerable careless ghamappiog the divisions, to place ||fe;-!?lta!ii Town-hall, which is in the <\--3 were of the municipal division, in ®ari3,iijk'.id of North, Melbourne, while gk b Hcilion of Caulfield and Malvern fee. ,./tE-v bs the effect of making one am- fi'i!'tt awkward metropolitan con- a, p-t-n that any poor member has Isf f b navel over. The general im- l|| A3 ra the metropolis is that Mr jgv "«tt il quit Kow, where his seat has «g|p -? W risky, and leave the new lily fketoiats to be fonglit for by Pp>. -'Inray Smith and C. F. Taylor, the best chance. The u? North and South Elwood |g|i "-towck ill Brighton will not he &jfc;> i.\ Mr JDent, who lias always gsta! > Hi chief support front " tlio ! multitude." and it is pretty 1'- v ill not have a walk- over on 1 Vi5l,,n. Mr Nimmo, it is believed, Albert Park, and there t Jfood fight for both this seat ip! 7 'Wald Hill one. The enlarge- 7 '<& Bourke Boroughs is an SP'.. f Mr Harper, and the new .JS v npino constituencv. which A, .h the city and stretches up 7 r'":1 tucliin about two hundred Sgjlf " ''10 University, should bring nnin to run with, hlr Zox, as ill iniure Mr Coppin's ' -iionld he desire to continue in i a \ life, which I doubt. The | 11 ' ' 1 t Richmond is not viewed , ! 1U(n by Mr Bosisto, but his |l||gy . papulanty will qirobably pull Vi " we Mr Durham at ipflS v v-tll lie as safe as if he had a llllff - expressly created for him.- i. at 'he bin. if passed, should 'niprove the class of repre- W#Sijik-i\; I-'10 metropolitan' districts, , l0 l'ae ii Ont some really desirable !njn> of the newly-formed con- ' 'lc 01 such a character, both j ", "1Le and wealth, that it may j ' " "pocial honor to he per- '' lament them. At the same j ' ,l1' t'fet ease in the number of ! '-I'toscnting the metropolitan . . ' ,'lng a feeling of chagrin j opoutrv representatives, J 1-c'1-.v easv to forecast, ju«t iiBlllir' i;..'. .'01 tins sentiment will be \ 1 ,l'lect votes. 'ttn that one discovers a m,; ",nJ: sot forth by a railway f-'ot this has happened this ' t'k)ntut!ons which waited flip ; Vlla;tiH la?t "Wednesday to BBBv . .'"'St'iction of connecting- j ."' oo-line svstem, utilised as j t"lf"ument iU1 0l<1 llailwav ! ' secured the ap- | lp Andrew Clarke, Air, Mais j i|)jl(. 1 '-sl'ite. Tliis ghost of the b--'.? L avc been a prophet; ' 1jc 'fnos f railway ' ''l "i i f 11 ;V Victoria was ' 'f|lii l''>\ ,UP' it took into account the rftKB& kl T'! i,lre 110W b«»ng ogitated B W o ,vecn the main trunk 0oPot, the Chairman of i has been credited with having raised the ghost,, which certainly seems to be one "which can be utilised with admirable effect to frighten a Minister with. . I hear that a duel a Voutrance is anticipated at- Creswick. at the .next election,, berween Mr Anderson, the sitting member, and Mr Richardson. The geniai Anderson, who is the most skilful man at handling a deputation I ever met with in my experience, thinks there will be a knock-out in one- round, and that he won't be the knockee. Talking of deputations; there was a -curious statement made at ..one of the Gippslanders', also on Wednesday. One gentleman stated that by. the use of cartesian jvater for irf igatipg ..Jheir ; lands, Ve -increased tenfold 1 " " Complaints" continue to be made that the practice of allowing Stat 3- school scholars who obtain scholarships to fl.dvn.nefl tbflir fldn national status in the higher schools and colleges is destroying the tone of the latter. More especially is this the case in the first-class .ladies' colleges, and I am told that the tone, of these 'is being - sensibly -affected by the introduction to them of girls who,, although smart, are unbearably . rude in their manners, and subversive . of all discipline. y The various branches of the Australian t Natives' Association are having. some rare fan over that recommendation ®f the Religion Committee of -the Presby terian Assembly, that a week of praj er should be set apart for the welfare of those natives who are discontented, or ronntnd to hn so. with the mO-.her C0UI1" try connection. The members of the association thiok that, as the committee went so far, it might have gone a little farther, and formulated a special prayer for the occasion. This could then have been printed on cards, and these latter, in tarn, issued to the ten thousand and odd members forming the association.- This plan would have placed- each mem ber in the possession of a prayer that he could have used whenever a fitting opportanity offered. It woold have had the additional recommendatiou, too, that it would have been purely a per sonal matter. Many of your readers will doubtless remember the tale of The Gftlifornian miner who " fouod" religion, but could never, for the life of him, remember a prayer. He, too, had one printed on a card especially suited to th6 dark honrs of the night. This was hang at the head of his . bed, and whenever "Jim" retired- to rest, he, in the most devout - and most reverential manner, -would fall on his knees, point to the card, and exclaim, " Lord, I can't read, nor can I remember ; but thorn's my sentiments." Is it something of tuis kind that the assembly would liko. done for the natives ? But wbilo the yonngor portion of the members are inclined to treat the matter lightly, there are other and older members who are Forry to- see tha elders of the assembly so. mixing up politics and prayer. There is a tradition extant that atone time, in South Australia tln-y had on a certain railway line, a train that was a great favorite -with excursionists. The reasou was that this train, which ran through a beautiful country, was so slow that the excursionists hud t.o difficulty in leaving the carriages, plucking some of the sweit flowers by the lice side, and regaining their seats, even though the train had gone some dist-ince ahead of them. We are experiencing some thing of the same kind of thing on certain of our lines, particularly a portion of the Gippsland line as far us Warrugul. It is reported — but I don't vouch for the truth, mind you — tliRt a commercial traveller has off- rod to make a bet that he will drive u t.eim as far as Berwick, start with tha train from Prince's Bridge, and be on the platform drioking a glass oE champagne when the train tteums in. However, commercials are noted for venturesome wagers, so there may be nothing in that "yarn." Bub it- is noteworthy that travelers of i-ll sorts and grades are grumbling terribly nt the style of running pursued by the Railway Department. All in quiries are met with the answer that it is all owing to the employmeafc of D enables." Bat the public are sure to reply that if " D". engines won't do the work properly, why nio.tbey not re placed by engines that will"? It is certainly no good having railway trains j lh«t travel at "seven miles an hour" ! only. , . How difficult it is to j ndge wlnctpis a good picture and which a bad, even though the judge be a dealer himself, kuu jnst been brought under my nO'ice. Some two years back >i gi-uUemrin who was then furnishing a new bouse strolled iits Geinmell Tuckett -s auction-room,; where au' art sale. wn« guuig on. While there, an oil-paiutiiig nttricted his attention. -He bid for it, and it. was knocked down to him for thirty shillings. I A day or two since the "i-utlemau in ! question sold off his furniture, prior to a I irip to Europe. To ere was a latge | , mmbcr of picture-de l-r«. but rone of . would touch th picture, till a I rivalry between t.wo other, dealers led , to the painting being run iii- "! -l?<= chiu'rin of the buyer himsnl1. He. lu turd, t o make, as he Ih' ugb1. the best of. a bad bargain, took toe pictaie , to .a gentleman famons.for Ins lq?e of:pic'ures> asked £30 for it, and, .i-> -Irs intense «orprise, had - his i lHr at,;. ooce, -closed /w<tli. It now turns ,-u .Unit the pAsttpg is"' an' original from the brush of ., a renowned artist, and is wortb-isometkiuR \- ? poha ilmn tl»«-nnm :'oicfiii:for-lt no»ror vuw" o by the last porcbasfr. , . , One of our largest"; musical .s.ablish- montshas kindly forw..l.:.l ma V- Truth," with a list of the newest music exoected froth 'England 'shortly. ; As there iBie, doubtless,' 'ecureB- of yout ldy readers who like to be posted up in the latest mnsio, I havo copied the names of a few. In dance music there is a number of new waltzes, including the "Edradonr," which is described as exceedingly melodious, and lively " Magdalene," with- charming and expressive melodies, "Winsome Lassies," the "Rosalie," "Elaine" "Wedded Love," the " Old Guard " and " Merry Voices. " In vocal music there are — "Can you Forget," " Twilight Visions," (for the contralto), " Sweet and Sad," " Loyal and True," " Oh Love, come Back," and " Memory," which is said to be a thrilling soprano song. Miss Lisa Lehman, too, has " furnished" an exquisite setting of Sir Walter Scott's well-known " Lullaby, lof An Infant Cbieftain.'/;The--iwriter;;:in;- '1,r Tr utiT' ad d s will- delight in the lovely chords, and the symphony that plays round the curious refrain." LyiDg before me is the envelope of a letter from Sydney that bears a stamp l have not seen befere. As the majority of your readers may be in the same state of ignorance, I may as well describe the New South Wales Centennial stamp for them. The centre is occupied with an 'oval, im which stands a dignified look ing Emu. Around this oval at the top are the ' words " Ono hundred years;" at the bottom the value of the stamp, and ont6ide these again are wreathed native flowers and fraits. The design is printed in bine, and is altogether a neat and appropriate one. 