A YEAR OF BALFOURTSM IN IRELAND AND ITS RESULTS, WILLIAM O'BRIEN COUNTS UP THE VICTORIES OF THE ' TOMMY DODD' CROMWELL. Mr. William O'Brien addressed a meeting of 20,000 men at Waterford, on Sunday, Sept. 9. Mr. O'Brien, M.P., who was received with pro longed cheering and waving of hats, again and again renewed, said:—' From my heart I con cpraf.nlatfi von. inon of Wn.fcfirfnrrl n.nrl Tir-r-f-rn.rv. o£ Kilkenny and gallant Wexford— I congratulate you on this magnificent gathering of the clans here to-day (cheers) — one of the most glorious eights that ever clieered my eyea or that ever thrilled the heart o£ man. (Eenewed cheers.) I only hope that Mr. Balfour's spies will give him some idea o£ the dimensions and of the spirit of this demonstration in Waterford to-day. (Cheers.) If they do, I venture to think that he will come to the conclusion that his conquest oil Ireland will have to begin all over again. (Great cheer ing.) TWELVE MONTHS OF COERCION. We have now gone through, twelve months of the worst that coercion can do to us, and is it we who have reason to blush when we look back upon it to-day ? (Loud cheers.) Exactly twelve months ago, as Mr. Sullivan reminded us, Mr. Balfour commenced his work by the murder of three men in Mitchelstown,, Go ba©k over all thatTiqs oc curred since, and I ask you is thte cause ftf Ireland in a worse Condition before tb'fe world to-day ? (Great cheering.) Has }).e stamped out one single branch of the League ? (Never.) Has ,he de feated one single combination under the., Plan of Campaign? (Never.) — [A. Voice— And never will.] — Has, lie won one tangibles vic'o-y of any sort or kind, that he can point 'tu ? That is the real test; and wi'th the 'gang of rnffhns who have got hold of the Government of Ireland tbab is the only test they value of success or f'ailuie. (Hear, hear.) I know those T^-ij p Kticians, and I know what an unprincipled set of hypocrites tbey are. (Cheers.) I know that at one time it was a toss up whetl er Lord Salisbury was going to offer us an Irish Parliament or a Coercion Act (cheers), and it would be a toss up again in the morning if he thought he could retain office by another shuffling of the cards. (Etnewed cheers.) These are the heartless brutes who are gambling tbe happiness of the Irish people, and I am certain that what is troubling Mr. Balfour to-day is not the amount of misery that he is causing, not the homesteads that h-i is unroofing, it is not that he has the blood of John Mandeville on his hpad ; but wbab is irritating him and what is madden ing him is that he knows fihafc a1! his wiokel work ta 3 been labour in vain ^loud ?? liters) — is thai he knows that he has failed to break the spirit or break the organization of the Irish people (cheers) — ay, or even ruffle their tamper (cheers) ; and that he knows that he stands be fore the world to-cla}', not in the character op a conquering Cromwell, but as a poor -battered, blatant humbug and failure. (Loud cheers.) EALFOTTR BEA''EN AND BAFFLED. Believe me that is the sore point with Mr. Bal four to d-iy. (Cheers ) Mighty little would he care by what means hfe tad conquered us if he only succeeded ; but he has not ; he knows that there are thirty thousand men this moment con fronting me who ate as full of fight, and not only a? full of fight, but as Fresh foe the fight to-day as they were twelve months ago. (Loud cheers.) And more than that. He knows that he dare not face an audience of his own countrymen in any part of GreaL, Britain and defend his policy (cheers) ; he dare not confront John Mandeville's ghost before an open and free assembly of Eng lishmen (loud cheers') ; and he is obliged now to select his audience well, as if the whole British public were engaged in a conspiracy to pick his pockets (cheers and laughter), and even if he got his ticket audience together the most effectual argument he could offer on the Irish question is that he is obliged to feed them with plates of roasted ox. (Cheers and laughter.) IRISH CRIMINALS MORE POPULAR IN ENGLAND THAN BALFOURi. Is that nothing — is it nothing that an English Coercionist Minister dare not now face his own countrymen ? (Cheers.) Is it nothing that we, the worst of Mr. Balfour's criminals, that we can go out into the street in a great English city, and tbab we can make sure of a hearing and of a wel come from the English people from the very first crowd that comes in tbe way ? (Cheers.) Aye, and as Mr. Sullivan will tell you, the worse criminals we are in Ireland the more tremendous the cheers we receive from the English peopie. (Cheers.) Well, I say, what does that mean, if it does not mean that we have only to keep pegging away at what we have been doing (cheers) ? and if there is anything certain in human affairs it is that the day of general election will be a day of victory and of triumph — and irrevocable triumph — for the cause of Ireland (Loud cheers.) I know that there are persons who will tell you that the general election may be far off ; there are persons, well-meaning persons, who are always shaking their heads and throwing cold water in the mo ment of difficulty instead of doing a practical stroke of work to make coerc'on. bitter for the Coercionists, and that is the solitary gleam of hope the Coercionists have. (Hear, hear.) They say the Irish are a fickle and a quarrelsome race, and we have only to go on worrying them a little longer and they will get discouraged, and they will not fall to quarrel among one another like a lot of wayward chidren. ? A NATION OF MEN. Well, iil we were ever a nation of children we are children no longer. (Loud cheers.) We are a nation of full grown men to-day. (Cheers.) We have got a leader whom we will trust to the death. (Cheers.) We have got an organization that nothing can shatter ; and we heve gob a policy that is marching on to victory with the most wonderful and most rapid strides that any great movement of the century has commanded ; and until that policy is tried and until that vic tory is won I think I may assure our enemies that the whole force of the Irish race will stand to their guns (loud cheer 3), and will stick to their leader with a steadiness and a discipline of a German army on the march. (Renewed cheers.) BE BRAVE, BUT DISCREBT. We cannot expect a busy and self-absorbed people like the English people to think our liberties are worth fighting for unless we show them that we think they are worth fighting for ourselves. (Renewed cheers.) I tell you that the men I see before me will have to show their teeth, they will have to defy Mr. Balfour and the landlords, and they will have to meet them foot to foot. I only place one limitation, mind you, upon your resistance to the den of thieves in Dublin Castle. I only ask you one thing. We must be true to our faithful friends and allies in England, Scotland, and Wales. We must remem ber that the most devilish ingenuity is being em ployed to make Mr. Gladstone answerable for every word and every deed of ours. We must remember never to do anything that we cannot defend to our consciences, and that we can't stand up and defend before any honest assembly of English men. But while I say this I tell you that 1 for one would have no hesitation in standing up in defending before any English audience in the world and in glorifying in the fight that the men of Coolroe made for their homes. (Loud cheers.) THE HEART OF IRELAND SOUND. There never was a time when the heart of Ireland was sounder, or when the pulee of Ireland beat higher than it does to-day. If we have a great deal — and we have a great deal — to exas perate and to madden us, we have ten thousand times more to fill our hearts with encouragement and with hope. Of all the generations of Irish men that havo lived in this land since the Norman conquest we of this generation, have most to be thankful for. We are the most United ; we are the most influential throughout the globe, in America as well as here } and we are blest above all the generations that have gone before us with the promise, aye, and witK' the certainty, that we will yet own and govern this lovely land of ours. (Cheers.) ?fas Are twenty millions. Why, it is a thing in itself worth living for to live in a time like tbis, when our old Irish race, which was once a very by- word for dissension and disunion, that the race is united to-day all the world around, like so many regiments in one mighty army twenty million strong. ;-(Cbeer3.) Yes, it is a time worth living in, and it is a time worth struggling in. These are great historic scenes in which we are privileged to take a part, and we ought to thank God that ib is our privi lege now, before the battle is quite over, and before the thunders of the cannons have died away. I tell you that the struggle is nearly over, and the battle 13 nearly won (loud cheers), and remember my words in happy years to come, it will yet be your proudest boast — the richest legacy you can bequeath ycur children — that you can say that in these last great scenes of our glorious war of independence you struck a blow ur;d?.r the banner c f Gladstone and of Parnell (renewed (ohesrs), tlat you stood by their sido in the hour of poril, and that you joined in tbe shout of the universal Irish race in the day of violory for our land. (Loud and prolonged cheer ing, amid which Mr. O'Brien concluded!) 