A trick elephant in Chicago, United fStalet, bhans die of a broken heart, owing to the denat of an elk which the elephant was partial to. Imagine the strong, able-bodied elephant. stricken with the tender passion, and pining for a sign of recogriitioni from the elk in the f menagerie, Observe the two animals, with eves for no other ;animal, jnst contented in each other's company. Love looks love to ecys 'which spako again, arnd all that, Imagine the jealousy of the elrlihant if the polar bear should wink it the elk, or throw a kiss with his.greatpaw at the elephant's ownest own.; Only the .cnlin around the elephant's leg, -and; the cage of the bear, would'prevent a tragedy. And then think o( the. suffering of the elephant when his beloved elk was pining away from having t swallowed the wire band that came around a bhle of bay. At first the elk, perhaps; was only pale, and refused .feed. The attendant would mix a grand mash, and some delicious cut fedr warm with itcamir.g dish water, but the elk would smile her thanks to the attendant, aniddecline to eat, The end'of the elk -ons nigh, andithe loving elephant could only woitf or the end, giving such loving iittention to the stlicken one'as the rules of tht medagerle hilowed Those.who visitd the low; Anod saw 'the elephant perform his tricks in a mechanical way, :little kneiw the burden he bore: lis thoughts were with the dying elk, and whien his duties wereat hn ethd how he hutlried b.ck t'bhis liloicd elk, ltolold her in his strong. embraceas lif went out. Tenderly he laid her down a .ii then wen't to we?k'lto die on his own ho6k; The cheers of the auldnce:hbal hi cbnrmn for the elephabn'tter'the elk was deaO, ail he laini down and breathed a sigh' .gae'ui the ghost, and lbth yere buried in-thbesahn grave. .- , -Who is ltsy; tat i beaming y?es, she thidkia cottage l arali , And scorns the pronu and worldly- wise 1 A lady-lve.i Who is it p~nts and, glancing down, Says "We must leave since 'Neighbour Brown Has taken that fine house io town! " A-wife. Bhois it cries with modest tone ` Ti at all her care for dress has flown; She wishes for my love alone? : A lady-love, Who is it weelis and thinksit mean , That I should view with slightest spleen, i Those bills for silk and crinoline .I : -. .• .- . A wif ?e , .' ' sho gazcs oft from star to star-' Andl ays, with smiile't:mirabritliant far; ;. She "rather likes a good cigf A' rady love. Now, when I smoke, who rings the beli .To bid them open the windows wel-: .' The room has such a horrid smell t'?: A wife:' They were walking home from the lecture, discussing the merits of the able and scholarly discourse to which they had been listening. "'Tis seldom," said the young lady, "that I have been carried away by a speaker, He was so logical-so clear and .convincing.. Don't you think so C " I do indeed," replied her escort, " and furthermore it is not often that yon find a man with such. a perfect and ready command of langeag. It wsa' a treat not soon to be forgotten. : 'Yes, he talks like a book. " " That is not s at all surprising," the young man went on' to say, " because; he is a-tome on the sub Sject." " Just so; quite at home on the sub ject, as you say." " Yes, at home-a-tome l 1l a 1 ha Don't you see 1 " "Yes, I see; you mean he is thoroughly acquainted with d what he was talking-about, . But I don't sgee lwhat ther is to laugh about it." He gave n despairing groan and lapsed into silence.: Ie has since. been hbeard to remark tbatrni S~omen never can catch on to a joke, oany how. :: A' sw oele, l'eter Andereon by name, is the o .hampion:. sater- of this -country, and \- physicians; who haveo examined him ray dthat he hau a doublestomchb. To people who enjoy a good meal and are able to in a dulge ttemstlvcs to their h]art's content, a e. doubl stomach would undoubtedly to looked o upon as a blesinc, but it would he rather a unhandy for an Arctic explorer or a. sun. 1\. downer to have concealed under his vest. . It is bad enough tb get hungry with- ope se mall, undersized stosmach, but to eavc two adult stomachs singing a duet would be n more than or ien could stand. Peter can i.:consider himself in ilcku that; providence it 'eawRfitto cast his lot in a -land of abund. m ance. pt Te:e are men whoibelidve that the'pick ing up of a pinswill bring good luck, and ; will go out of their way to pick one op. A in man named Grifin has, up to very recently, held very rigidly to this belief, although to i his knowledge, no pin,has ever brought him luck. lie was passing the post office the e. other day, and while bending over to pith k. up a pin his Iat. fell off and rolled into-the is street, bh* coiarsplit, Iis suspenders' gave Saway at toe I iar. rcd his false feelb fell out .on the paverment and were ehattercd. y, Now when he see~ a pin he grinds it with 0e hisuheel. e. A piomincnt e omans lightsn advccate n, days that the comitig woman will have her own bank aco:nt'. It ihas hiso been re et ported that the coming eriin- siill have 0e neither teeth noe hair, but this bauk account ,d business will evren:the things pp'tieely, and at the youth of to day.need hnot pity the com. d, ing man, for if' he marriks 'the Coming in woman ae can eve part ol tier-bink account with which to purchake teeth and hair, and In still have enough laft, probably tolivbe upn 0 e1 cb forf, 'n 1 somna m bulist in t.aplslnd got upi hi? s% ?'p on a rgeentnight and idotghidd htil at, acre of gf?aund- belonging to: a neigbor. Since then euves farmer within live.nilki has taken down his fence and left tiiepl6uli out in the tidld with the 'hoirses harned t4o it, in the vainh pe that the sleep.walker wd ill give him:a call.: - --- i Thereac menain thiL world lhoj whi d they flod a party who-is ignorantd gnra' sb. y jectrwith which they ass fasnitar, tLke a of iendish delighthin enlightening him, lut ro, sometimes these -smart .gentleman make at bluiers. A.New Zea'an- judge did not know what acartoon was, anda young sprig is of the law,.-ith his hair brushed back fro. |, h'a forehead,- undeook 'to enlitghtei, .ths !, dignified judge;: - Now, be might have done is this in a few words, but unwisely thought to i. be funny, -ad, taking a pencil and paper, ik drew a picture of a jackass with the judge's in liead, attachtd. His face was wreatlhed in OP~miles as he.handed his. work of art.tol the I: oldmum, but it changed toi alook.of adsess I when, a moment, later, he wq -finetd -t.ie ir poands o0 cnti p ?t a . . ..co ..rt, . -b"Jnha b i wa~i entsoet i at Birming Sham to 15"yeira' penal servitude: rPii?ner Ic. d been twicesentended to peenal srituds foro life.'!-...Daily Psier, - y Two tecrms of penal servitude . a' For life Ibis thief has hadi S : And iow another I yearts - is - Should sorely make him glad. in Thd virtuous and the honest man ' • - But one short life?has got, ? T Ye he who ambs with violence • - "W cduld aoem to have a loC . 