UNITED IllHRSTlANAN CON- 1 PEIIENCE. I The services in connection with the I United Christian Conference, which are d creating a large amount of interest in the v community, were continued yesterday, the n first service tcigg held in the'afternoon at t the l.emorial Church, Wellington-street, '1 where a fairly large congregation assembled. a The platform was occupied by Pastor G. t Soltan (in th~o chair), Revs. C. Cameron p (Campbeoll Town), J. Russell (Evandale), 1 H. S. ]lercer (Prahran), J. Layvers, D. S. I Brunton, and H. Greenwood, while several b other clergymen occupied seats amongst c the congregation. The Rev. J. Lavers opened with prayer, u after which the chairman made a few pre- 1 liminary remarks with reference to the t subject for the day, namely, " The i Blcliever's separation unto God," and gave t illustrations from the Bible with regard to d separation. The Rev. D. S. Brunton, who was on trusted with the first part of the subject, "The Believer's separation unto God by the will of God," said the subject was most difficult and delicate to handle, and he craved the indulgence of his hearers,because I he had only had from the previous evening a to consider the theme. Theology used to be considered the queen and mother of a sciences, but it did not seem now to hold I its noble and true position. All religion was based upon doctrine, and the begin ning of all doctrine was in theology proper. 1 Christianity was neither mechanical nor magical, but was a doctrine based upon a history, centring in a life-the life of Christ. Theology in the abstract might be dry and hard, a mere skeleton, but it must mi the true Christian become con- 1 crete. He then dealt specially with his subject, separation by the will of God. He pointed out that many words in the Bible had various meanings, and so the word "will" as referred to God had more than one signification, and theology divided the will of God in several different ways. He then dealt with abstract and concrete theology, and referred to the Apostle Paul as being separated by the will of God. 'Paul could not in everything be taken as a typical case, but in his life's I story there were three separations which s were detailed in Galations let chapter, Romans let chapter, and Acts 13th 3 chapter. Christians are the light, and r they are to be separated from the darkness. It was quite evident that true separation meant separation from the world, separation, from the maxims, the habits, and the spirit of this wicked world, and they also needed separation in their own hearts. Paul was separated by the" secret and decreed will of God, and no one s con d attempt to deal with the secret will p of God unless they caime in contact with I his revealed will. The harmony of the human will with the divine was supreme o salvation, and likeness to Christ was the n prime idea and the glorious issue of the T gospel of the grace of God. Christianity, h if anything, was practical, and separation C was the whole mind, heart, and life being it brought into harmony with God's will. p The Rev. II. S. Mercer having offerd tp w prayer the. chairmtan read r,.que:.ts f,' the n prayers of the congregation, and silent it supplication was engaged in, after which al the Rev. A. Webb offered up a petition. it The Rev. H. Greenwood then dealt with ec "Separation by the death of Christ." ti Their character as Christians, he said, and ti their highest happiness depended upon tl the perception they had of Christ. If they II were to be all that they ought to be they C must have a right view of and a right fa faith in Christ. As preachers they must it preach a moral reformation and a moral E life. If they preached this and men ac- b cepted they could not get wrong. Where id it had been preached and accepted that the C death of Christ was saving in its effect in there had always been a right life. He ti then referred to the sacrifices of Old al Testament times, namely the sin offering, ii the burnt offering, and the meatofferiug,of ti which Christ was the embodiment. In 51 accepting the death of Christ as their ei sacridfice they must accept all that it carried di with it, and one thing was their dedica tion to the Saviour. Their full belief in P the death of Christ as a sacrifice hi for sin demanded their dedication through the Cross to God. One of the m most prominent ideas of the old dispensa- m tion was that men were sanctified and set sc apart for God's service. Let there be the entire abandonment of self to God, and fo He would consecrate the offering. Under m the old dispensation it was the blood that je atoned, and under the now it was the blood ce of Christ that atoned and separated from C. sin. As the blood of sprinkling formerly cl: qualified for service in the Master's cause, A so it must be now. He then spoke of the W separating and sanctifying power of the qt Cross. God had given HLis Son to redeem C them, and if they accepted Christ's death in fo all its fullness, selfishness would begin to Sj decline. qi The addresses were listed to with evident S] interest and appreciation. Several hymns from Sankey's collection were sung during the service, Miss Stephenson presiding at the organ. The evening service was held in Christ Church (Congregational), which was well w filled. The Rev. W. Law, pastor, presided, of and read Psalm 122, and the Roev. E. C. at Tennent (Hagley) and G. Schofield (New th Town) and Plastor Hyde (Deloraine) to offered prayer. The service of song was m from " Sacred Solos," and the inspiriting ye singing was accompanied on the organ by pc Miss Frost. The whole service was ex- of tremely impressive, the 'fervid prayers ye and earnest appeals evoking sympathetic ai and refreshing response. re The Rev. H. S. Mercer, M.A. (Mel- vi bourne), gave a profoundly interesting ed address on "The believer's separation to wI God by the Holy Spirit." The full per- at feetion and symmetry of the Christian as life, ha said, and the manifestation of th spiritual power would be just in propor- th tion as they understood God's purpose ca conceerniug them and the provision He has th made for carrying out the work in them. re For all work God had a special provision, fri and the moment they put a wrong concep- Ea tion on such they got failure. A wide- It spread lamentable failure obtained in itE Christian life, and the secret lay in se the want of complete separation from asit the world and entire consooeration to God tit on the part of converts, young and old. to The lost gospel was the working of the Holy Spirit in the hearts and lives of be- at lievers. He trembled to speak of Him who di work asas " te wind that bloweth where it ne listeth," but in God's word theor was some do amount of clear teaching as to how He tr works in the heartsof men, and how He is M the necessary power for the believers Bii soeparation from the world. Believers did A] not adequately recognise the double work- It ing of the Holy Spirit of God in separation dr and consecration. God did net want or simply wild prayers for blessing, but an B intelligent appreciation of His work. Be to lievers were responsible to act before God bh on the full measures of light given them; at they dare not live on lower standards ; the grace of yesterday would not bear them up for the wants of to-day, and the higher to they rose into the spirited life just in that at proportion their responsibilities enhanced. fo There was a double work of the Holy li Spirit which he wished to impress-1. The w work of the Holy Spirit upon the heart of bl a manu fronm outside, and 2. The work of of the Holy Spirit from within tie heart as an at indwelling power. They might possess the 11 first without the second, but if so the link . was wanting to perfect Christian life. " He will convince the world of sin," etc., f. that was not the work of the Holy Spirit li1 as an indwelling power, but an outside I2 influence impelling the drunkard, the vain, ye worldly person to renounce their sin. 1I Such influence caused Felix to tremble t. under an aroused conscience, and Agrippa of to say "Almost thou persuadest me to be p+ a christian"; but there was a far higher, a deeper function of the Holy Spirit than b that. There was an indwelling power C which drew men into wondrous union, and their bodies became " temples of the Holy 1i Ghost." In the Apostolic age they read at of men" full of the Holy Ghost," " filled g with the Spirit." While a man remained it in sin the power of the Holy Ghost worked b as an outward, drawing, softening in- tt fluence; an outward power drawing them n to the foot of the Cross and impelling sur- ii render of the heart. Man's heart at that I] moment was an empty heart ; the T `filaments of sin were taken away; the s1 temple was cleansed but it was without an indwelling Deity. A power was now c wanted to come within, to .carry out to tithe full the glorious life of which tlhe q cleansing lhad been the initiatory step. The heart should then open to receive the C Holy Ghost to take command of the life " and consecrate it by possession to God. t Preachers could not make too much of the . death of Christ as the medium of sal- I vation, but they failed if they did not present the indwelling power of o the IRoly Ghost to kieep the believer. p The Holy Spirit at first comes to men as C a power to oppose sin, that effected, he s tarries until he is an invited guest. These a positions were aptly illustrated. In Psalm 127 there was the text "Except the i Lord keep the city, the watchman waketh, i but in vain." 'lThe picture was that of a city with walls well fortified and gates well barred, with loyal watchmen noting the E movements of a great pover outside leagued against it. Ii looked strong, but p there was no garrison in the city to keep i it; the watchmen gave the alarm, but on v the first attempt the gates were battrced y down and an easy entrance gained. The I city was separated by the Kiing, and by faith of the subjects in the King, but it was not separated by the power of an in- I dwelling ganrrison. Believers were sepa- 1 rated legally by the will of God separated further by loyalty to Christ, but not com- 1 pletely until there was the separation of an indwelling garrison to keep the city. 1 Take the love between a true-heart.ed man i and woman. She wita influenced before t I marriage from without-his uprightlE Slcharacter, noblle life, and spiritual desire. These formed a strong connecting link, I but it was outside influeece. The moment I she said " I will" and GJd joined them to Sgether, the future influence was front 1 E within-the one life, hlome, and influence. I SBefore conversion the Holy spirit dwells 1 I with usn after convorsion " He shall be in \- us." The beginning of the Christian life was drinking in the outward water-its perfection was the outflow of living water Sto bless the world. Pastor Soltasu thoen requested silent prayer that hundreds of Launceston young nen might bh convinced of their sin, and Sfor a number of special cases. The Rev. Allan Webb then spoke in avigorous, startling terms of "The Sbeliever's separation to God by personal Sdecision." His mission was, he said, to a deal with the great practical question I whether they would yield to the clalms God lhad upon them. Christ by His redemptive t work iad instituted claims " Ye are not y d own, ye are bought with a price." The true idea of the divine claim upon be e lievers might be grasped from the ward so a much used in scripture "bond slave," in e volving absolute proprietorship, a chattel with which the master could do as he liked. St. Paul's spirit illastrated this, he e was willing to 'be sent into the arena of wild beasts, and his genius-everything he possessed was consecorated to Christ. dllis.vers who.lly belonged to Christ, their overy minutel., every possesaiun; withdraw one fraction out of a hundred to offer the ninety-ninth, and they were robbing Christ. The life reached by the church of to-day had falleu betneath the true conception of Christ's claim. The usual view was- man accepts salvation, songs hymns, coo poses himself comfortably for another world, and soys "I am all right," he.re nounces certutin faturcs of worJdly soci ty, devotes a fraction of his time to the Lord and keeps the rest for himself, no one to interfere with the balance, conforms to ecelesiastical life, does'nt do harm, avoids the appearance of evil, has a decent reputa tion, goes on and dies, and in death pleads the blood of Christ for salvation and then ]fore. Such was a low conception of Christ's influence and induced spiritual failure. Christianity was all that was implied in the contrasts of death and life. Every Christian man was a risen man and belonged to a heavenly sphere. The true idea of yielding to God was the law of Christian Nazariteship, and all it implied in separation from the world, and renuncia tion of worldly fascinations. There must also be complete consecration to God in a lifeot devoted service. The address prac tical and impressive closed with a powerful appeal to his hearers, acknowledge God's claim, and yield an absolute unwavering decision. The meeting was closed by the Rev. C. Price offering prayer and pronouncing the benediction. The Rev. W. Law invited the town ministers anud Sunday-school workers to meet for conference at the close of the service. The following services were announced for to-day --Thursday, March 22, 3 p.m., Memorial Church, Wellington-street. Sub ject, " Failure in separation to God, (1) its causes and guilt." Speaker, Rev. E. C. Tencent. 2. "Its consequences to the church and to the world." Speaker, Pastor M'Cullough. 0 p.m., Memorial Church, Wellington-street. Interval meeting; questions. 7'30 p.m., The Tabernacle, Cimitiere-strect. Subject, "The remedy for failure "-(1) " Confession and return." Speaker, Rev. J. Lavels. 2. "The conse quences of separation, power, and reward." Speaker, Rev. Allan Webb. 