O'BRIEN'S GHOST. sai Mrs O'Brien was proprietress of the lodg ing house in the romantic suburb of Carlton. de At the time I speak of she was -a widow of af six months. , in The late Mr O'Brien had been found one cil morning following a race meeting with his th head jammed in a water main. si It is true that his classic visage--of true he Tipperary type had suffered some damage, and was not readily recognisable. But the 31 clothes were her Mick's. His watch was at lissing, but there was his initials on the tail of his shirt, and what more was needed. at Then there was an exceptional corn on ljh the little toe of his right foot to which the B widow swore. a] 'Sure-God be with him,' qhe sobbed to the coroner, ' haven't I pared that same corn scores of times. Oh, whirra, whirra! my f, poor darlin', he'll never want that corn pared tl again. And so the coroner, satisfied that the dis- sc agreeable corpse in the next room was all p that remained of Michael O'Brien, Esq., proceeded with the inquest. a A verdict was returned to the effect that of Michael O'Brien had met his death from suf- d focation in a water pipe, but there was no tl evidence to show how he got there. So the body was buried, with a grand a wake, and all the honors, and Honors, the E widow, sat down in the parlour to receive g the condolence of her friends and acquaintan- ti ces. There were many, and of all ages, positions a and types; Michael had been in some sort a r public man-a local councillor, a'J.P., andsa ii successful contractor. Persons then of all kinds came to offer a their sympathy. I Mrs O'Brien received them, as she observed b to a friend, 'appropriate, my dear, aecordin' to their ranks.' a Mr Theophlis Murphy, a young Austra- a lian undergraduate studying at the university, was among her visitors. r The O'Briens and the Murphys had always i ' consorted' both in the ' ould land' and here 1 in the new. Mr Theophilus was a young man of 22. i with a round face, round nose, andlittle round e eyes. He looked like an animated turnip, . with a dishcover represented by his collegiate hat. He paid Mrs O'Brien his visit of condol- I ence habited in his university gown, and flat board. He knew that the lady admired this out- I ward and visible sign of larning and janius, and he was not unwilling to make a favorable , impression. Even thus early, Mr Murphy reflected that the late O'Brien 'would ' cut up' for a con siderable sum. The widow was plump and comely-on the fair side of thirty. " Theophilus liked the idea. ' You'll be lonely now, dear Mrs O'Brien,' said he, as they sat in the darkened drawing. room. 'Don't name it, Misther Murphy,' she sobbed. 'Poor Mick was good company, and very lively.' This was true, for the late gentleman, r being usually well in liquor used to make things ' hum' in the house, if dinner was not ready or to his liking. 'Maybe you will travel,' suggested the I undergraduate. ' Nothing like it they say to cure a broken heart. I can believe it. To visit the classic lands of Europe and Asia; to converse with the spirits of the great Sheroes of ancient times-ah ! yes, this might be apt to make one forget his sorrow. 'Maybe, sir, said the widow, ' butIam a greatstay at home, ye see. My ways is do mestic. No-I will opeo a good boarding house. Theophilus stared. ' A boarding-house, Mrs O'Brien i 'To be sure, Mr Murphy; not ye'll under stand that I need to do it for the profit, glory be to God. Poor Mick has left me everything-may he rest in pace. But for e society, Mr Murphy. If I can get five or Ssix gentlemen like yerself, now, Mr Murphy, to live in this big house, sure it would be company-and company of a very pleasant koind ye'll understand. For a moment the undergraduate said no thing. He thought, however, very rapidly. SPresently he spoke. e 'Not a bad idea, ma'am-not a bad idea. And 1'll tell you what-if you still hold to it, I'll make one. Bless me, it would be-very Spleasant. You know I am musical, and you Ssing beautifully Mr.-- D 'Whist, whist, Mr Murphy. Don't let as Statlk of them vanities yet. Poor Mick has not been in heaven over a week. t, True, true. But time passes rapidly. Mrs O'Brien. It seems like a month-doesn't it now i, , 'An' ye'll make one of mylodgers, Mr n. Murphy f smiled the widow.:' ' Oh,- thin, r. I'm obliged to ye. An' I'll make ye comfor u, tablej I believe.' 'Doin't name it, dear madam,' observed the Sundgergraduatc,'don't name it. Th'e rjivi lege of living under the same roof 'th-yoi dear lady, would of itself uffice t6 i'mpart a Ssense of comfort and contentment to the most exacting of mortals. o, Mrs O'Brien was speechless. This, address tickled her vanity even unto a species -of mental paralysis. . When, therefore, Mr 'Murphy raised her hand to his lips, and bade her good day, she could only smile, and blush, and flutter. ,r Gracious!' she murmured to herself awhen \- alone, ' that young man has quite a magnetic o., attraction, so he has. Well, well, poor O'Brien; I wondther how ye feel now 1 (n If this reflection, uttered aloud in the pre sence of those who had best known the sa lamented in life, had needed oral answer, that oat answer would probably have taken the terse but eloquent form, embodied in the sentence -' a drink.' S Perhaps some such idea occurred to his e- widow, for though she sighed there was no Sgreat misery echoed in her sigh. .. r -She arose from her seat and regarded -heer comely face in the mirror over the mantel shelf. - ' The weeds suits me,' she muttered. :' Oh, but shame it is, I'll be thizikin?: of :that; . Then a few- minutes afterwa~d she tht Stered: ?-1??.. eir ' le's anh iligant "young man, so he is - with his learnin' and janius. 'Twill be. plea sant to have him in the house to cavarse with and console. "C And so, after a period of mourning for her it. departed Mick, and the settlement of" his gr. affairs (which last proved very satisfactory ma indeed), Mrs O'Brien issued a neat little to circular among her .friends, informing them that she was prepared to accommodate five or six gentlemen of character and position at a her house in Carlton. fri True to his promise, Mr Theophilus hi Murphy was the first to take up his abode at Erin House. in Then a. landing-waiter in the Customs, a ro stout, red-faced loud-voiced gentleman who hliad been in the army and was known as Major to Buck, appeared one day ?t "the dinner table and was introduced as a permanency. to Theophilus hated him instinctively. L The major had a way of looking at him from beneath his beetling brows, which made at the student's spinal marrow creep. do He thought that a cannibal savage might pc so regard a well-nourished mission ary pros pectively. ti Two bank clerks, and (after some demur, w as being somewhat below the social standard of the lodgers) a young man from a large al drapery establishment, made up the rest of the boarders. h The last gentleman only sudiceded in ir securing admission to the hospitalities of Erin House by accepting' a bed-room in a b garret, and promising to observe an unob trusive demeanor. Then, there was the advantage that he h was always ready to supply information with ti respect to the fashions, and the latest things in bonnets. n He was a quiet, blue-eyed youth, with b a sad and melancholy cast of countenance. t Mrs O'Brien took to him, and patronised him. for which he seemed very grateful. The widow had the late Mr O'Brien's b aunt to reside with her. This was neces sary in.due course of the proprieties. A niece also-a.pretty country girl with red cheeks and sotf brown eyes, was adopted t by the lady, who, however, kept her re ligiously in the background. Time passed on, and the period of mourn- a ing had elapsed. Mrs O'Brien, one fine summer's morning, appeared at breakfast i I1 'a simple gown of colored print. The major was in, ecstacies. 'Ah! madam, that is sensible. I'm the \- last man in the world, egad, to say nay, to a t decent formalities. But by heavens, Mrs I O'Brien, its sheer blasphemy to hide such . loveliness as yours beneath dull crape.' 1 The widow colored, and simpered.: e The undergraduate realised, for the first time in his life, that there were some circumn t stances, under the action of which a man] might commit murder justifiably. The draper's young man looked depreca tingly at his landlady. ' It. is gratifying, Mrs O'Brien, to hear Major Buck speak: thus. His views are those of a gentleman who has the right and ,. authority to offer them. The major crun.hed his toast. 1e By Jove you are right, sir, right. What d Jack Buck hasn't seem you might put in your eye without any danger to it,' and the major scowled at the undergraduate. That gentleman felt miserable. He had. 4 felt for sometime that he was losing ground with the widow. He determined to settle matters at once oj that day. A tAnd so, returning from a refined game of tennis and carrying his ..bat in his hand, he , entered his lodgings. t It was early in the afternoon, and he knew he should find the widow alone. a He was mistaken. Opening the door of the sitting-room he , beheld a picture which made him gasp. The widow was reclining in the majoris arms. .He was soothing her; speaking to her in a tender, though rather arbitrary mander. S As the door creaked he looked up. ' Ha ' roared the major, and the next mo e ment the undergraduate was dragged across Sthe room by the collar of his coat. 'You sneak,' cried the Major. 'Listening Sat the keyhole.' w I wasn't-indeed I wasn't,' whimpered I Mr Murphy. S'Oh, Mr Murphy,' said the widow, ' I should not have thought it' ' But I wasn't. I was coming to speak to you, Mrs O'Brien. I was-' 'Say it,' growled the major, 'and I'll skin you alive. This lady has promised to be SHnlloa !' S The door opened and another gentleman appeared. The widowsaw him, uttered a s wild shriek and fell to the floor insensible. a 'By the Lord ' gasped the undergraduate, 'its his ghost.' S'Hulloa ! you, sir,' roared Major Buck. ' What do you want.' 'r Bedad,' observed the new arrival, with a broad Milesian brogue. ' I hardly know. ' Who the deuce are you, my friend,' and the stranger advanced into the room. He was a tall, muscular, dark, and riot . ill-looking fellow, in: whose face, an expres " sion of arch drollery predominated. u' 'Who the duece are you, sir,' repeated 'the stranger. The major became suddenly quite wild. ' Me-me, sir. My name is Buck, sir; SMajor Buck at ydour service.' ' ' Well, then, Major Buck, at my sqrvice, clear out.. This. is my house; that<.lady er kieking the floor is my wife; and you, Mas ther Murphy-suiredon't you know me.' The undergraduate shrank into.a corner Spale and paislyied. t ' It's a ghost,' he muttered. 'The saints or begoodto us. . .' Ghbst be :hanged,', rowled the other. re- 'I'm Mick O'Brien. my friend. Routse up I he You sir,' to.the major, 'had better show us at your back, or maybe, I'll be after helping you.'.. ce At thLis'th major, strangely: changed from .his usual miartial bearing, sneaked away. is The stranger raised Mrs O'Brien from the no floor. . .' Rouse up, Biddy,' said he, 'Sure I'm er Mick,'back to yed' . el ?j'Oh,'oh i'moaned.the lady,. !.nmybe "twas for 'changing my mourning, Mick. But, I h, fep' it twelve mrioriths; honey.' at ' Oh. bother,' growled the man. 'Don't be so foolish. I am not, dead, and never ha-e it- beeji. ' Not dead---oh, dear!' -moaned the poor Swidow,! -and .thi? major had just proposed to a-" me.' ' Then he'll have to wait,'said Mr O'Brieu" ' Come now, cheer up, I'll tell you all about it. Shake hands tMasther Murphy,' and the grip with which he grasped that young gea man's fingers at once dispelled his doubts as to the mortality of the new arrival. C It appeared that Mr-O'Brien, after winning1 a large sum at the races, had met with an old r friend, a sea captain, who invited him aboard c his ship. The ship sailed early the following morn ing, and while Mr O'Brien and some other roaring fellows were still making merry. When they recovered themselves it was i to find theinselves at sea. There was :io getting back and they had to'make the best of the disaster, and go on to London. The voyage was lengthy but very enjoyable and vwhen Mr O'Brien found himself in Lon- I don with a couple of thousand pounds in his I pocket he proceeded to enjoy himself. This he did with such relish that he en tirely omitted to co mmunicate with his wife. Letter writing, indeed, was not in his line at any time. Moreover he proceeded to Ireland to see his friends and at once joined heart and soul in the political trouble there. Arrested for riotous conduct, at a proscri bed meeting, he was sent to prison for three mouths. All these circumstances accounted for I his not,communicating with his wife in Aus tralia.. ' An' so it was by my ould corn ye knew me, Biddy,' said he, as Mrs O'Brien sat on t his knees with her arm around his neck, and told her story. ' Yes, dear.' 'I wondther if old Buck has a corn? said he, with twinkling eyes. 'Arrah, whist, Mick,' said the widow. ' Bad scran to old Buck.' ' But you'd have had him, Biddy, if I had I been dead.' I 'I was mighty lonely, Mick,' murmured Mrs O'Brien, ' and the major's a foine man anyway. ' Arrah, not he. He's a cur, Biddy. The I little student is worth a do:zen of him.' 'Poor crayture,t said Mrs O'Brien, 'they was all after me. I couldn't help it, Mick.' 'Sorra a bit, Biddy. Give me a kiss, and I'll be a better husband to ye than I was I missed you had.' And he kept his word, and although some times the thoughts of Mrs O'Brien turned sentimentally to the though of the incident ,t of the major's proposal, she has never really regretted that her Mick returned at .that ai moment to dispel illusion. 