: A Russian Ghost Story. When tUu Winter FitUce wn? CuisV.rt the empress appointed a day for tnkinp poshes, sion of it; and the elite ot the guards, and .?> corps which was comppsed entirely of noble- men, mounted guard in the new cnslie. A long,dark corridor lead to the miildledoprof the white or throne-room, In the corridor two young noblemen were posted. It was approaching ten o'clock nnd the arrival of the empress was momentarily expected. Sud denly tho attention o£ the young men'weru attracted by a bright streak of light which seemed to glide between them in. the dark passage. Their eyes followed tbe light, and they saw that it streamed through, the key hole of the throne-room. Who could have any business Jnt such nn nnusu'nl hour in a room, which was designated only f>ir the re ception of foreign ambassadors? One Of tbe young men considered it his duty to investi-' gate the matter, and approached the door for that purpose, but ns soon, as bcjiad glanced through the keyhole he, called to his companion in a whisper to come nearer. " The empress has already arrived," whisp ered he ; she is seated on the tbrone.dircctly opposite to the door." Tho otheralso looked through the aperture and soon verified this to bo a fact. The em press was seated in a tranquil dignity on nn elevated golden stool under the red velvet canopy, richly adorned with the imperial arms of Russia, a double eaglet Tho room was brilliantly lighted; bnt it was impos eible to ascertain if any other' persons wcro prfsent, as the thickness of tho door-lock allowed no side view of the apartment. The young men" returned to their posts nnd waited. Not long after one of the higher officers appenred.nnd said, — ' " You can all now retire: tbe empress will not come to-night." ' . , -A' ' : " But her majesty is already here." "What? Who?'"'' ' "' ," " Her majesty is in tho throne-room." "Impossible!" - -? ;: " You can see for yourself."--' ? ,7 ' ? The efficer'looked, immediately* recog nised tho ompress, nnd said wonderiiigly,—- -"I cannot understand what tlic'marsha means. Ho has just arrived, and 'ordered that all tho guards bo withdrawn ; the empress has changed her ; mind, and will .not arrive to-night. Neverthe less, I see that she is here. Could eric havo come secretly ? At all events 1 will ascer tain what new order the marshal has issued. Meanwhile do you remain hero as the em press may pais this way." . "? ' The marshal, Prince Kuratin, was, fortu nately in the palace, and as soon as he heard of the mysterious report hastened to the cor ridor, and peeped in his turn through tho keyhole. " My God, it is the empress ! Her majesty herself I What can it mean ?" exclaimed he. " How can this bo possible, when I have just left hcrprcsencc ? Sho was dressed in her usual cvery-day attire; aud I see her in her own royal robes and jewels. There must b:t some mystery, behind this. Let all entrances to tho throne-room be guarded ! Let no one go in or out I il will hasten to report ut once." . ;.- The distance between the two , bouses quite short, the marsbnl soon reached the small palace,temporarjly occupied by the empress, ,*rn " Where is the empress?" n... "In her sleeping apartment," . l : " The prince looked at tho lady of honor with suspicion, and said sharply.— ?-,'??. " Are you sure that tho empress ia here ?" " Of couise ; she is preparing to retire."' "Inform her instantly that I am here/'. In a few minutes Prince Kuratin, much excited, was conducted into the. empress' chamber. The empress stood before him in in night negligee. , ; . ~,,v Kuratin turned pale. -.., ,;?;?,?: . " Well,"said the empress, "you look as it you had seen a ghost. What in: Heaven's name is the matter with you ? Ia .there, any news from the army ?" .. ,;?(?'.?!;:. Kuratin hurriedly related what he. had seen. ~ ,:",.-,. .?'.? .. ." It is a knavish trick,", cried Elizabeth. " We will take a hearer look at these ..come dians. I will go in your sleigh, Kuratin ; you can mount behind. Hurry.'.' ...... 7.Arrived.nt the Winter Palaco, the cas tellan was ordered to bring the key of the tlirono room ; Bix grenadiers were .com manded to load their guns, and led by ; the empress the little troop bctobk thnmselycsto the corridor. '.','. 7.','.'_.? The light shone as before through the key hole. The door was cautiously opened and a flood of light filled the corridor.." The empress stepped within tho room, followed by her guard who placed themselves around her. The room was brilliantly illuminated, but empty. On tho throne was seated -a shape, the counterpart of Elizabeth arraycirt in purple and ermine, covered "with diamonds, and crowned with the royal' dia. dem. One instant Elizabeth "gfize'd steadfastly nt her double, then moved for ward a few stops. Simultaneously the.ap parition stood up, stepped down from, the throne, and then remained standing as im movably still as the empress. '..''"'.,.'. It was a thrilling momont I ~ 7"7 " Firo 1" cried the empress. . - The guards raised their guns and all six aimed directly at tbe ghostly visitant. .Thb triggers snapped. At tho same instant the figure, clapped its hands together, ami the room was suddenly plunged iuto intense darkness. Then followed a great commo tion and confusion, while tho empress called, — ?..:?!>??: '?Bring lights!" . . ; Lights were speedily produced, and each corner was thoroughly searched, but abso lutely nothing could bo found to elucidate tho mystery. Every door was locked and guarded. The guards had seen no jte leave the palace. The empress ordered a more thorough search to bo made, but in vaiii were all efforts made to discover the-per petrator of the trick, if trick it wete., .., i The occurrence made a deepor impression upon Elizabeth than she wouid admit. Eight weeks afterwards she died. ' ".??:??? 