'i.ovcli t. A Late RLepentacee; Oil, THf LITTLE VITE HAND. Gy I11R. 3JM.Y A. DENIS.ON \-----+++-- CII.PTER XVI. AT ALDI:BIIOUGIIS. "'y rIpsor li-tle darling," her uncle said,. M' sly poor little darling." o? wcenched herself cut of his arms. SDotty !" he spuke, with a sort of stern i;sesieo. "I won's have this," he presently dl timned. " Dotty, what has Lord Daonia t?e been ,acving to you ?" •'S.thing," she made quiet reply; " noth. ie st least that'a harm," she added, half sn!lely. Bat' I heard what you said, Dotty." There was a grief and pain in his voice. 'I never thought of this, so help me Ieaven I' he continued, almost passion sat?iy. IaJtty stood silent, never moving so much s? her head or hband. "We most see about it," he said again, now in very stern tones. "I'll have no tri tling by-" "Oh, uncle, there's nothing," gasped the girl, "there's nothing at all. If there was- it-it's all my fault, lie did nothing, only praised me as if-as if-" she gave one great !4tp, ", I was his danghter IcE 's-he'a twenty years older than I." " Yes, I know that ; and that's why I didn't take more nrecaution. By heaven, men are such fools " - " Oh, uncle don't talk so!" " Talk I I feel like shooting him. Here for nearly two months I've been trusting him b:cause--because his father was good to me, I suppose, So he was an honorable man as men go ; but this Lord Danniston, curse him t" Datty's arms were about his neck, for he trembled with passion. Naturally a very quiet man, prone to restraining his emotions, shen he did rive loess to feeling, it was with the impetuosity of a stream leng kept within karrier. And he felt that there was no mis taking poor little Dotty's heart-cry, and blmed himself for allowing euchunrestrained intercourse, "But I thought," he said to himself again and again. " I thought Walter Danniston's son was an honorhble man." "Well, Dtty, you prayed that hermight go, and go he shall," he said, after a brief silence, which was a foolish thing to say. The better plan is generally to say as little as possible and do as much. "Uncle, I-I don't think yen understood me," she said, beginning with great eager. ne ; but he too her tno hands and forced her to look at him. Then she turned scarlet; then her head fell, sod she burst into tears. "Poor little one," murmured her uncl", Itohing as if he would like to cry himself. The old story of the wolf and the lamb. Come. c?om," he added, "if you go on this ~ay shall turn him out at onoa, neck and he. DJn't be so silly as to cry." "I'm not e-silly--I'm nnervoos ;" wa. her reply is the midst of her sobs. "I' ell, wel!-wc'll have good times in spite edie," he said. "When we see alone again, r.s piers God we will be. I'll get ready for a lai?y, anl takie yos abroad. I'm tired of work; and then we'll forget all our troubles, Sae nodded her head in assent against his bosom. "Ys? see such men think nothing of eom plin?eno-? an't even know when they give them, elten. Ad yoo are so yeong-sch a eouag, foolish litle hick-never having seen n?n, (ran I wish they were all with his in. fra antj asty)," he added, in an undertone. " Came,c ?e, cheer p-don't make old uncle lee! niserable, for you know he has chick nor chil, noboly bht you-nobody hut his little IDo:ty." 'Oh, unle," cried Dotty, in a nsubded :Ctev "saud you are the best uncle in the Oart-lnd I love you dearly. There now, I'm jl=t your little girl ogoin, and we'll have ? -C..sot? goal time..,:' she added, dolor s -P " lt always keep house together, woo' ro. sand I'll ha wife, and daughter, and hapiy'' , ye, we'll be very-very Thesuareem nod almost to chske her, hut she repeaItd it bravely, and the old solicitor atta sed her to hi hieart, inwardly hoping ht her o end aas not very deep, and that the enact it ould not last long enough to Tatve?ynight he opuned the anrobjet to 'Yon didn't think," hogan the latter,-in soma cootfsion, "that I-" h"It .t yont Dhonniston-lit'eh it' the 1t I'm thihlug of. She'e never seen mow pyj aaE, man indncent, sensitive little whon tOth for5 te world lika her mother, ho wafrgenid r s well as well horn, and soani" hin . Psthnps you under. "I do, fenceer, and I'll go away to mnr hab Sue's an cct little thing, and quite St to th watle ala hotter and a prouder man i"Pn I. ip~n myus honor, I lithe her, and my IN is as isunetut as if she were my own Ehtl I told h'r as. If I were free," hr he adder-" hot why do I any that? I hope Ofgoad lmoone may fiod your little pearli; sh's of great ptll:-i3 my eyes." .lnd truhe toilad there was some hrart in hat esaid eand tiough ho was a vain man, ser a shallo mon, he did fool sincerely rr, when from sobsequent observation he sk the harm he might hare sdone. It was a regretful leave-taking, and Dotty fr a slip of a Girl only sixteen, showed so much dignity of character, that no one would have guessed'how near the surface her feelings lay. The journey to London was an uneventful one. : The same scenes that hea had often been whirled past by the same rapid transit. A dozing traveller in one corner, a light-hearted young girl in the other, whose eyes he often Smet. A short rest in London at an inn-he had no baggage to care for-a few calls on a few acquaintances in chambers, from whom he received the heartiest congratulations, a visit to his unnle's solicitor, from whom he learned the good news that five hundred a year went with the title, his uncle having relented toward the elos of his life. "Hall a loafs better than no bread," he said to himself, his heart beating with grati fiestion at the thought that he was not pen niless; ,hbut then what's five hundred at Alderboughs? He might just as easily have made it five thousand, with his enormous income." Alderboughs.was only ten miles by rail from the heart ofe London, but having thd chance to purchase a cob for a small sum, he preferred to travel leisurely, stopping as he pleased on the way. He experienced strangely mixed emotions as he journeyed on toward his future home. The past he had striven to banish, and at times had partially succeeded. Sometimes in dreams the most painful of his experiences were acted over again, and he thought as ten derly as hedatred of the beautiful girl who had been so willing to make her home with him, who he believed had loved him for him. self alone. He believed her dead. He thought he saw her go down under his very eyes, and he turned his fannies again toward the queenly Isolino Hunter. "Now," he said to himself, " I will write her, and tell her I had it from Miss Laura's own lips that the letter was a forgery. No, on second thought, I won't do that; poor Laura was herfriend. I won't inform against the dead; there'll be other ways, and now that I have a title, why, I fancy she'll be quite willing to take my word." At every tavern he ordered lights for the night. Though a sound sleeper, thanks to good digestion and perfect bodily health, yet there was on him a constant weight of appre. hension. He dreaded that he might awaken, and then, for certain reasons, the night was a terrorto him. He was very quiet and sub dued. Few people thought him other than a well-to-do commercial man, or a city man, travelling at his leisure. He had lost the am bition to look his position. Before he was a lord people generally took him for one. After he same into his title no one called him " my lord," butonly "air." At iat he reached the park gates of Alder boughs. The traditional porter's lodge, built ,of gray stone, and covered with ivy, was in the usual corner.; Old Grant, a gray-headed man, came out without his cap. The magni ficent head of this man formed a strong con trast to the meagreness and shabbiness of his clothes. "Lord bless my coal, Master Dick, if it boot he I Well, well, brown as a berry, and enough like his uncle to be his son. Wel come home, BMaster Dick. You gave us all a bad scare, sure enough, coming over from that foreign country; we did expect to be put out o' the family, which would be a sore strait to be in to we old uns. Well, I declare -I'm more powerful glad to see ye than I can sell." "I'm glad to seeo you, Grant; but where's Eliza ?" The old man shook his great shook of silver white curls, and his b'ue eyes grew dim. "Gano, MJster Dick-gone up to the place she was ripening fec ever sense I first knew her. She didn't live long after the old lord went, sad rlie's buried next to the family vault. You remembers Eliza, my lord ?" " Don't I ? The handsamest woman I ever saw." " Wasn' she now, eh ?" asked the old man, smiling, while the tears slid over his red cheeks. "Ah, you sly rogue, you've an eye for beauty yet. Well, well, welcome home, Measter Dick. You'll find things at sixes and sevens at the old place, I make no doubt." "Are any of the old servants there?" " Oaly two or three. You see theplacehas been dull like, but it'll brighten up now it's got a master. ' it you didn't bring a wife along, eh? Time enough for that I s'pozs you'd say. You was always a sly one with the girls, ay. that you was." Duennlston held his head down, a sudden pang shooting straight to his heart. A more thoroughly wretched man never ewent to take possession of his own than the present Lard Di)nniton, as he rode slowly along the park, every inch of which was his own pro perty. It was well wooded and watered; the prin cipal trees being ash and elm gave an air of fertility and grace to the landscape. Every thing eesmed, however, to wear an aspect of neglect, as the old lodge-keeper 'had said. Some of the treem were very much wasted and withered; the grass was high, and in many places trampled upon. As he came in sight of the house it seemed more and more sur rounded by the signs of desolation. It was a splendid pile of architecture, and as it received en itleouthern front the direct rays of the sun, now travelling toward its zenith, Dan niston thought he had seldom seen a more glorious building. Riding slowly-up to the south front by a gently curving road, till he reached the top. most terrace, he loosed his reins in front of the massive portals, All was as as silent as the grave. The doors presented the appearance of having been shut ever since the last lord was carried from its threshold. He sat there on his horse looking about him on one of the finest landescapes in all England. Broad and blue, taking its color from the sky, the Thames rolled by in the distance, while hill and vale, tree and shrub, with all the delicate colors lent by sunshine, and shadow, and die, tance, spread out before him on the right and left, his own demesne inoluding a large part of the view. He felt the pride of proprietor ship, but no geniality, no v;armth. There was nobody to welcome him, only solitary roms to come ta, and gbootly beds and drapery. Presently he heard footsteps. A man in ehabby livery came round from one side of the building and stepped short at sight of the horse and rider. "It ain't ever Lard Dunniston, the new sne 1" said the man, half to himself. " Yes, it is," spoke up Duoniston, promptly, " T was not able to send word tof my coming, and so here I amn. I should like to be let in and have my horse seen to.' "Immeediatoly, my lord;" and the man went off, muttering, feeling that his reign of ree-and-easy proprietorship was over. " I'll get up the other servants, my lord. -To think of his ecming here without even a valet," he muttered, as he turned the corner agait. Presently thlro were heard signs of life from within. The .ponderouas doors were thrown wide open, and a man in very fair habiliments bowed low as Danoiston sprang from his horse and entered the lofty hall. H~w chilling was the welucome-how cold and cheerless the atmosphere l The house keeper, a large, pleasant faced woman in a now whits O?ap with broad frill, and a enuff ealored silk dress that rattled with every movement, come into the hall from a side door ash lientered. See bowed, and'stood as if swaising orders. - "IThould like some luncheon," said Dan niston, rather in awe of the .oll-dressed woman; "and I suppose I shall find a room in readiness." "There's one being got in readiness, my lord," said the housekeeper; "it's only tohbe opened and sunned, and fresh linen put on. I think you might go op now, my lord. John, show.his lordship the green room to the right in the first gallery. Old Betsy says you used to like it.when a boy." "Yes, I did. And is old Betsy living still ?" - " Oh, no, sir; I were here nine years before the old lord died. He had confidence enough to leave things in my charge," she added, with some pride. "And your name ?" "Mra. Lselie, sir, at your service," she replied, dropping an old fashioned cour tesy. "Well, Mrs. Leslie, I'm very glad to find you here, and shall be very glad to keep you, if possible. I am all alone you ere, and being a man of quiet tastes, I shall not want a great many servants. But I rather think I shouldn't be able to get along without a houseekeeper," and he smiled and nodded in his pleasant way, which made Mrs. Leslie feel that her new master was an easy one and a gentle manly one. Presently luncheon was announced. The diningroom was grand, but cheerless. There were famous squares of color on the walls. there was wonderful panelling; and heavy oaken furniture, covered with fihe crimson m6rocco. The floor was painted in harmon izing tints, and plenty of rich rugs were spread around. Old Lord Dunniston had never liked car pets, and would not have them in the rooms he used. It is needless to say that the present master felt his solitude to be irksome, and yet he did not wish for society. In fact he was becoming slowly conscious that his old careless self was gone, that his light-heartedness had departed forever, that he was only the ghost of his former self. CHAPTER XVII. A COLOSSAL FORTU.NE. It came over him sometimes like a dumb, restless sense of horror. Should he ever for get?. .No; that was quite impossible, even if it were his doom to live a hundred years, like that old crone he saw at the Dutch wayside inn. IIe had hoped that as time went on the re membrance of his sin might grow faintert but instead of that it seemed at times to be crushing him. Even when he thought that for a while all was forgotten; the presence of. an indefinable something jarred dully against his consciousness, and he felt that it could never be shaken off. 11Laura had lived, per. haps-but no; even with her the shadow would have been ever beside him. Slowly he settled down to the conviction that he should never know happiness again, and cursed his fate, and almost cursed God. Sometimes he wondered at his own apathy, his easy giving up to circumstances, andlongedfor an insane impulse to rush off somewhere and travel, to forget in dissipation his self-made trouble, but the inclination was gone forever; at least he fancied so. The splendor of Alderboughs became at times intolerable to him, and he wandered with a sick heart from room to room, all effort palsied, always carrying with him the fearful ghost of the past. Nobody came there, for he had made friends of no. body; the servants talked mysteriously of singular noises in the house, and how they heard the old lord tramping up and down. Lights were seen in strange ouf-of-the-way places, and Lord Dunniston would go on long, solitary tramps, and come home as unheard of hours. The only thing he seemed to take any interest in was the steward's visits and accounts,. and yet Stains, the steward, was a cold, dark-looking man, who had a deformity in his mouth which was scarcely hidden by his moaustache, and articulated with dili culty. Once Dunniston had written to his friend, the solicitor, and begged him to come and bring Dotty, playfully adding that his hair was growing gray; but the careful solicitor, in return, declined the honor. People began to talk about the solitary lord, who invited no one, and went nowhere. His old acquaintances had formed new aesocia tions, and new men feared snubbing. Ooce Mra. Leslie, with whom he was com fortably familiar, asked him why be did not give dinners, and have people out for shooting and fishing, and he answered in a easurly man ner, that five hundred a year scarcely kept the estate in repairs, and himself in decent clothes. "Ah, but that's easily remedied," she said. "Pray how, M1rs.L-slie." "A little society would bring you a rich wile. There's many a lady who would be glad to exchange her thousands for a title. Betif ye don't go out, and nobody 'omes in, how will you get her?" . "A conundrum I can't answer," said he, trying to be facetious, and sat down to think. Then his face brightened. "'By the Lord Harry, I will,': he said. "I'll be a fool no longer. Isoline Huntly By Jove, how her splendid presence would lighten up this old house I And she's the richest woman in New York. i'll write to her this moment." So he wrote, and sent the letter by that day's post. "If I get a favorable answer, I'll try the Atlantic again. 'In for a penny in for a pound.' It's not twice in his lifetime a man gets wrecked." That day bhe was in'high spirits. He had scwrnt ic rould forget. He bought Mrs. Les lie a new silk gown, and began some repairs he had contemplated. Nothing would suit him but the pulling down with his own hands, for be fancied he had a gift for me chanics; so while he was in the midst of yellow dust, and no end of splinters, his man came to say that a visitor had called. " Who is it !" he asked, impatiently. "'ree's his card, sir." II took it and read: " ev. E. C. DUTroN, " Vicar, Alt IIallows.": "Who the deuce is he ?" he muttered, and went hot and cold. It was in the church of All Hallows he had married Eden Wane. Ah, that little village of Streatford, how often he had cursed it in his heart. Poor Eten, bshe found the way to I his love, but did not know how to keep it. If I she had tyrannized over, him, ever so little had been a person of moods, so that one could not have depended upon her temper-if she had made him coax her, or scold her, it she had boen wilful or exacting, he would still have foeund in her something to win him, bhut she loved him too muchb, and allowed him to see it. Instead of hbs wife, she was hise slave. His will was her law; he was bible and God, and to him ashe yielded such implicit obedi ence that he ended by despising her. She had not the arts and witoheries of the women of the world, you see. She was always a child, in a certain sense. She had no manner, few accomplishments, and betrayed her origin. In one word she was too angelic for him. -All this time we have left the reator stand oing in the library where he had been ushered. A tall, keen, intelleotual-looking man, whose large, deep-set eyes and firm, beautiful mouth made him a striking-lookidng, if not a hand some man. He glanced round at the noble array of books, the pictures, busts, etatuary, that made the room a paradise to him. Pre sently, Lord Dunniston, who had exohanged his duet.covered blouse for a plain black coat, came in, bowed, placed a chair for his visiter, took one himself. "You do not, I presume, remember me," said the former. "I am sorry to say I am at fault," an swered LordiDunniston. " Six years ago"-Lord Dnnniston shivered a little--" I was the ourate of Christ's Cburch, Streatford. You do not, I see, recall me; and n) wonder,. I was a slender, sickly, young fellow; I-lave c' oged' ty much sincedhen. The living I have now I jot from your uncle, the old Lord Dannieton." His listener bowed assent. " I remember you very well. I think, for some reason or other, you went by the name of Dick Walters." "A part of my name,'' said the other, who was diligently gathering up his energies, feel ing that a time was coming in which at least one man's soul would be tried. "I saw you often at church, and always in the company of Eden Wane, the daughter of old Leonard, the fruiterer." D)nunisen could only bow. '" Wleo she left the village, reorcely more than a child," 'cntinued the vicar, looking down, " as you may suppose, rumor dealt unfairly with her name. I, in common with the rest, thought the worst." Duaniston frowned. " Bat, two years ago, her father, on his death-bed, revealed to mo the secret of her marriage with you, also your expectations." "What l" cried Danniston, starting for. ward, "is the old man dead?" "Both parents are dead; they died within a- week of each other of malignant fever, nearly two years ego." "And what is tho object of your present call?" " I heard of your return here, Lord Dan. nishon, and that you came back alone." "Yes; my wife died in America." "Died Pardon me," and the vicar changed countenance. A flush deepened the intensity of his expreassion; he sought in his coat-flaps for his handkerchief, found it, wiped his forehead, leaning forward a little. "It is something of a shook to me; you will perhaps understand it when I say, fur ther-that--that little Eden Wane was very dear to me. I had known her from child hood; I-well, I have never married and never shall." Having stated the case thus delicately, the vicar wiped his forehead again, restored the handkerchief to its place, and eat bolt up right. "In that case,"'he said, partly to himself, partly to Lord Danniaton, who sat outwardly cool, tapping the edge of the table softly with his fingers, "the advertisement will do no good." " The advertisement," said Lord Dunnis ton. "It isn't possible that you advertised her ?'" ' " We certaily- ,did"' said the vicar, mildly; " and when you hear the circum stances, which I see you do not know, you will not wonder. Perhaps you never knew that Farmer Wane hbad a brother, who, in his youth, was rather a reckless sort of a man." " Oh, yes, I have heard," said Lord Don nieton, abstractedly. "His name was Law, or Lowry, or something of that sort." " His name was Lawin. He was twenty. one when he emigrated to Australia. That was nearly twenty years ago." "I remember now the old man need to write to him," said Dannieton. " Oh, yes, they always kept up a correa pondence till the old man died; Miss Eden's father, I mean. Within the year news has come of this Lewin Wane'e death. He left a large fortune, an extraordinary fortune, I may say." Danniston now was all attention. Life had come into his eyes, his limbs, his motions; an eager, wistful look took the place of his former passivity. "And he leftit," he qoeried, anxiously, his lips parted. "He left it to the old people, his brotler and wilo; and it they were not living it went to their daughter Eden." "And-and--how much?" faltered Dan niston, eagerly. " Twenty thousand a year." Danniston clutched both hands secretly, and set his teeth hard. He could have cried out in his anguish, "Good God,,what have I done?" but he never moved or spoke, only grew paler and piler, and his breath came shorter and shorter. - Never occurred the words more forcibly to human comprehension than to him at that moment: " Thou hast destroyed thyself." "Failing her, who does it go to?" he asked, in a weak voice, which scarcely sounded like his own even to himself. " To several prominent charities," was the reply. 'Yee, I understand." He brushold his fore heard with his hand'in an unsettled manner. " So you-you advertised." "Oh, yes, nearly two monthss ago." " In EMglish papers?" " ?oth English and American." "And yon will wait-how long l" "Bag your pardon; I don't quite under. stand." "Being satisfied as to her death, how long before this-this money will be applied ?" " That I cannot tell. Of course you will give us every information respecting her de cease, and very probably it will take the law. yere some time to settle the case. It generally does when there is so much money in the question. I think you said she died in America." "Yes," said Daunniton, secretly writhing. " 0f course there is no chance for the hus band. You know sometimes the wilfe's for tune-" "Ab, if she had come into it while living," said the vicar, comprehending the drift of the question, "she could, of course, have willed it to you, but, as it is, the law takes it into custody; at least for the present." " Miserable fool i Madman I" These words he seemed to himself to yell, as he sat there, in condemnation of himself. The perae piration rolled from his brow-he hardly knew what to do or say. "I suppose," said the vicar, in his calm voice, " the fact of your wife's death is certi fied to-in-case proof should be required."c. "I-that.I could not tell you-in fact I was not with her,". returned the miserable man. "Not with her ! " Not with your wife I Oh, I you mean probably that you were somewhere abroad- at all events away from home." " I mean no such thing," said the new lord, doggedly. "We-we quarrelled. She went her way, I went mine." The vicar had elowly dr-awn himself back ward; a look of distrust gathered on his loce and clouded it. " Qarrelled I--E len Wane !-whoso tem per was as placid as that of an infant's, who, if I wore to critio'se, I should say had not native forc: of character enouglh to aesert her aelf even itf wronged. I can hardly realise it. Yon, in plain English, left her.' \- "She left me. Pardon me, it is not a plea sent thing to think of, much less to talk "And. I should say-pardon me-- but there are formalities, you koow, to be gone through with. in order to obtain positive proof of.one's death under such oircoum? stanoes." "1 heard of herdeath through an old servant of mine," said Donniston, dstting his teeth again. ,' Then it was I decided to come back to England. I pledge you my word I didnot know of my uncle's death till I was neerly-j two days' sail from New York." " " B"t, perhaps; the announcement of your wife's deathwas inconrret. How do you know it is true ? Did you nake inquirjesa, in order to eatisfy yourself, or-" S"Pardon me I" Danniston drew himself up stifly, "what little knowledge I have to impart I slall be very happy to offer to the I proper authorities." "Rsily I-" said the vioar, rising, "I suppose I am overstepping the bounds of my oeice--but you will remember that to me, Eden Wane was the one woman in all the world," and, the blood rushing to eheleks, brows and throat, he made a low and formal bow, and took his leave. +, "There's something about that man I don't like," muttered the vicar, aa he passed down the broad astone steps leading to the upper terrace. "Confound his impertinence 1" said Dan niston, under his breath. !' What right Nhd he to oateehioe me in that fashion? Heaven I could he have suspected any. thing ' Trilles light as air are rocks like the nether millistone to a burdened and guilty coneeienoe. Donniston set about studying what he had said, how deported himself, and then he re membered that all his misery and crime re suited from a longing to ba rich--and here a colossal forturne had been so near to his hand. He was constantly picturing to him self what he might have done, what he might have been, even with a fair and helpless wife like Eden. "Ah;might it not have been Eden here1" These thoughts preyed upon him till his brain grew hot. He foresaw all kinds of trouble in store for him. Suppose his crime should be discovered.- His valet had been proved worthless-though in reality he knew nothing of the facts as they had occurred but to Dunniaton, everything was clouded with uncertainty. He was reaping the fruits of his wrong doing, and suffering from the immutabte law of compensation,which always was and always will be inexorable, "The best thing I can do," he said, gloom ily, " is to shoot myself." To be Continued. 