UNDER THE BALCONY. [By Observer.] A bellicose spirit is still abroad in our Souse of Assembly, and the late exhibi tion of Fletcher dragging the member for Mudgee by the neck, and then literally " sitting on him," must have been a most edifying spectacle. These little affairs all appear to beimpromptu, and therefore have a keener relish. The "mill" seems to have been a rather one-sided affair ; how ever, Hayues, when relieved from. " Chan cery," not coming to time, although the chairman allowed eveiy latitude to the combatants, only waking up to the situa tion when hon. members rushed, with one accord, to relieve Haynes from the Old Man of the Sea, who held hun in his iron grip. This is hardly fair, and I hope, in future, that the next set-to will be ar ranged more to the credit of the House. A sort of cock-pit might be formed, into which fightable members might be tarn bled where " un combat a. outrance" would take place, under the supervision of Foley or Burke, and to the great benefit of so ciety generally. V The mining mania has taken a firm hold of New Euglanders. Following upon the discoveries at HiJlgrove, the extensive sil ver mines found )at Boorolong have com pleted the delirium. Gold is nothing now compared with the desire of becoming a Silver King. Hand in hand, round the latest silver god, go excited speculators, dancing in one wild whirl the colonial car magnole. Like dancing dervishes, some of the weaker fall in a heap on the ground, but over their prostrate bodies go fresh forms and faces, spinning like humming tops round the central form of their divi nity. Yes, we have got the silver fever, and have not yet arrived at the final stage. Silver ore is being brought in from Boo rolong which promises a colossal fortune, and miles of good and bad country are pegged out. Apart from all joking, the recent discoveries of silver at Boorolong are, beyond doubt, most important, and the only evil to be feared is the specula tion in worthless land. Those who hold shares in leases, as a rule, are not eager to sell, and await with confidence the assays of adjoining claims. For years the lonely shepherd and the stock- rider have walked and ridden over these hidden stores of wealth which are now being dragged forth with such fererish energy and heralded to the world. * * " Oh! little thought my rnither, when she cradled me," Of the lands that I should travel and the j death that I should dee." There is much truth in this old refrain. Waifs and strays from the family roof are too often met with, " black sheep" still wauder aimlessly from the home flock. The future of the child so gently nurtured, j so tenderly cared for, is happily, at times, j hidden from parents as " Heaven from all creatures hides the book of fate." Better i for those to whom that bright youth owed ! his existence to believe that he had died some unknown death, than to see him in that far off back-block shanty, blear eyed, > foul mouthed, and hideous, lost to all ! sense of shame and honor, and ready to ; stake his soul for the glass of rum held to i his shaking lips. Or here, passing like a ■ ghost in the night, with some remnant of : shame left, as she hastily avoids the glance j of those who had known her in her once j happy home, is a daughter of sin and sor row. She, too, is erased from the family history. Brilliant and accomplished, the idol of the home she knows no more, she hurries to drown, by stimulants, the "still j small voice" awakened by the sight of a j well-remembered face. Justice is not al-j ways meted out in due proportion. There, ] in that handsome brougham, lolls a woman j with a face of brass and heart of iron. " Born in a kitchen, in a garret bred," vicious and cunning, she has yet played ' her cards well and won. She has staked her beauty against Mrs. Grundy and so ciety, and she has held trumps, for she is now tolerated on account of the Sir Gor gius Midas she has married, and whom she rules with her iron will. Her sins, " which were many," are overlooked, and her name figures on every charitable list. The daugh ter of misfortune, whose skirts brush the chariot wheels of her rival, has sinned but once, but she has been mercilessly thrust into deeper depths of degradation. And so the great wheel of Humbug revolves slowly, with hypocrites decked with gol den chainB and Pecksniffs, male and fe male, clinging to the spokes, while crushed to the earth lie the outcasts, whose fetters have been securely riveted by some puri tanical high priest of Humbug. A statue to Humbug, by all means. I hope Sir Henry Parkes will remember that such a statue would prove a decided ornament to the State House he is so determined to erect. The figure must he an imposing one, and, to be true to nature, should be represented with features wreathed in a self-satisfied smile, with the right hand on the place where the heart should be. There would be no necessity for solidity in the head, as a cavity where brains should exist would, of course, be correct A Good Remedy for a Cold.-—-On going to bed take a dose of Freeman's Chloro dyne, either in water or camphor mixture. The diaphoretic action of this excellent remedy speedily produces a general glow, followed by a free perspiration, during which the pulBe improves in character from a feeble to a full, elastic one, a good night's sleep is obtained, and on waking in the morning the cold will be found to have disappeared. The cer tainty of the action of Freeman's Chioro dyne is very remarkable in Ague ; it fre quently prevents an attack, or, failing this, reduces the violence of the ague fit to a minimum. In many countries Free man's Chlorodynehas entirely superseded the nse of Quinine, and in the tea gardens of India nothing else is given for Ague and other forms of Fever. A Physician writes, "In a sub-tropical climate, such as N. S. Wales, Freeman's Chlorodyne is simply invaluable." A shocking accident occurred at a race meeting at Palmerston N.Z., when a horse fell, bringing down six others on top of him, and one of the jockeys has since died. 