liquidation of miningr oo m :??: -??;? -;?:-. -:panieS'^ ?? ?? Although by ' an indefeneiblo and utterly ridiculous regulation, that has come : into vogue since the dsysof Mr. Whitefoord and -Mr. Boadon^.the press is -not ad mitted , to the 'hearing- of applica tions in , Ohambera at Launoestqn, ?however important they may be,1 it Has nevertheless been .matter of common re port that a question having an important bearing on shareholders in defunct mining 'oompanies has been- in /litigation during ?the p;aat few days;' and 'on Saturday, the'i decision of- the '.'.' Commissioner was' handed to the press. \Ve suppose, 'how-; over,;, that the : contributories .to -the Golden Era ? Company— which was the particular 'company, in grcmio .Jtegis on'th'e occasion in question— will hear, all about tho trouble, soon enough for them. We understand ? that -the subject ~of . debate arose in1 conueotion with the; proposal of the, present ; liquidator, to levy a uniform ' 3s . contribution . on all members of the company, for the purpose of wiping out the out standing debt's, and that objection was taken by certain of 'the members to the contribution as being unnecessary, or at anjr: rate unfair 'in1 its incidence. Most, mining people know that some 20, or 30- of the .gold,, 'min{ng oompanies which were floated during, 'the last mania but one have suddenly come to life 'again after a prolonged disappearance from the view of those who were unlucky, enough. to' have meddled with them ; nor is.it, perhapB, absolutely necessary to .remind, anybody that all these: compmios were formed' under the Limited' Liability'. Act.j^t 1869 —in', the -; Innocent 'days' VofA rniningi enterprise, ; before/./the.'gladBonjeYstar^Jot; the-, 'no /liability ' ^system -had shed;ita, ooDsoling raya over mininer : apeoulationi When l the '?? bubble tburst in 1882 numbers of gold mining companies had heavy over drafts at the local banks, and as thenpsBi bilityof dividends disappeared, the anxiety/ of the banks became;. pressing, and 'in' the result a large number of imitation South Saa bubble schemes were ordered to' be '.' woundup under 33 ,V ict. , No. 3, and Mr. J.; F. Hobkirk, as official, agent for the Launoeston district, took the business of squaring accounts in ho nd. Calls out atandirig were sued for,- and contributions' wer'e'levied, but owing .partly to the de-' fective provisions ,of the act of.l869ltwith by no meanB satisfactory' result's. ' Some shareholders and coritributoriea paid up, 'and some did not. ?? Matters, went on until the passing. of the Mining Companies Act of 1884, under which provision was made with' much oirniimlnnnf.inn fni- i.h'n mnvt* expeditious winding up of companies not then in liquidation, and for the renewal of the winding up proceedings^ from Mr. Hobkirk's hands to those of a fresh liquidator under the new act; whsre. the creditors (inter ahos) desired' such re moval. Whan Mr. Hobkirk ceased, some months since,. ;to; be' official agent, the banks, who were the main creditors of the companies, took steps to have the winding up proceedings continued under the 1884 act, and the 20 or 30 companies referred to are consequently in: the hands oi Mr, E. Bothamley, as liquidator, pursuant, to order made by Mr. F. Belstead; under section 131 of the act of 1884, and i) short amending act of 1886. And now the several liquidations, are again in full swing, as they were at the outset of : Mr. Hobkirk's connections with thetn. The ghosts of former liabilities, have in fact arisen once more in veritable.; flesh: and, blood, so to speak, and the forgotten 'bad jpeo' haa come forth as a spectre boding very emphatic pecuniary ills. y Meanwhile the' banks have been, quietly posting up compound ..-.. interest, with their usual; half- yearly rests, and their mouths are being opened v uncom monly widely. A considerable number of 'shareholders/ accordingly put their heads; together and have been breath ing, out threatening. and slaughter against; the -derelict, companies, the banks, and all,.and singular .the.:pB'rsons..connHcted. 'with them, ??including 'the hapless liqui dator. ?' It is nbti ? perhapsj' so much the fact of the compound interest', that ,'is rousing opposition) for most, people know that the banks have .ideas peculiar, ibut, very '.definite^ about overdrafts;. it isthe very uii j ust and- from a moral' point' of view-unwarrantable metho'd inrwhichvthe contributiohSj are, .'being; levied ^'jthat rubs ? the raw plaoes'on* the shareholders' 'much-' belaboured, backs. In the Golden Era Company, for jnatince, we understand that the official agent 'levied . two contributions in 1884. The .first one was .graduated so as to bring all shareholders to an equality— that is, to say,- where a call was outstanding . that was added to the .. fixed ^contribution, :and where, all 'calls had been paid to date the fixed con tribution' alone was levied. This was just and fair to overybody. , Of this first con tribution -the 'bulk' was .collected,:; but some' £200 or £300 remained unpaid upon- it. A, eeoond contribution, of 2s ''per' share -.';was:- then levied'!:-'uppn all shareholders,- bat this; was prriyp'aid: ,by Bix , sharehoiderB, and' most .of it remained outstanding. Upon this .'state] of 'facts Mr. Bothamley' levied a fixed uniform contribution of 3a per share,' totally ignoring all ? that ? had been done by the ofHoial agent: ' The result was that shareholders who . had paid' the whole' of the. first and second contri butions under the official agent were called Hponby Mr. Bothamley to pay'exaotlyas much towards the present debt of the company as those shareholders, who 'had. not paid a penny upon either the first or second contribution! The question, dis-' ousaed in Chambers ' last ; week' .was -fCah ; ; the present liquidator ifn making, out his list of : ?contributions under the new act take into account the ?icopounvu uuubuuuuuua- vy .eaen snare holder, under Mr. Hobkirk's,- regime? Common justice and equity say: yes ; but the; act— whioh .is admittedly, one of the most wretched pieces! of bad draftsman ship on the -Statute Book^— leaves the point Very doubtfal. ; It would, seem at : first sight that'^the course adopted iby.' Mr., Bothamley— most unwillingly- wo readily believe— is the only one open to him, and 'his action has been confirmed by the Commissioner, who holds that the official agent' -nd,. his. aotibnsAare now beyond the i control of the Cotirfc, Biid therefore the course adopted by the agent, cannot be , taken into account by the .present liquidator. The matter, hotfever,1 is of such widespread ing importance; lhat . the . ^Legislature should, as a mattter of simple moral justice, '-step in and once more amend' that caricature of legislation, The Mining Cdmpanies Act of 1884. The compound interest question bIbo needs the, attention of the lawyers. ? .'-.. ?', ..... ,. ... ?? 