8 / DUEmEB Wi© AWBWKft. I NOTICE TO '3»BJlESP0ia)ICJCT8. I ' ®fc|ojpeirethRt|UMtiorainuil|aeh«iioo fl addifey- Monday to «Ba>e; on snseer the fl ievMk; bour B >jm i_ luJd'mtfuatU te-f)liowLoV-»rek. . B . W J.Lnp&iwpofiK;) wuatw to Irsow; — B ' J.JJI Claptrap ini\«ver first fuvqrito for B the jkMbannio .or Caulfitld Cum, «oa fl whs t place du) he hn1<J at tlio finuui jn the- B ||rlliOQiiicCa(), iiojsluU'i«r? Aia«ff; B ' — CUptnj) iww startea.i-favorice far; fl eitbep«mii : Ibnt lie inarM tliirij (ayuri te, i B at 7 to 1, in the Melbourne Cau in' fl Uartini Htiiri'i year (Ifttt), and finished B about ninth. fl % Pid be finish ttfar falling in the Cool B fidd Cap? Answer— He came in rider- I less. fl & What vat . hip record for tlie Hutham fl Handicap nud: Geduog Gold Cup? B Atwww—In tint GeJoug Cop ho heat sue B others, ftuing.-tii mile end a lialt and a fl irtince in 2viiti . jfftwe. ; in tbctfotbam B Handicap ho defeated eleven others, the fl lime for the mile aud a half and a distance fl beingSimii. 52W©. fl 1 h there any chance of gettipg apict ureof fl Claptrap? 1 was 'told that, a picture of B bim and hit jockey was taken when be won B the Gcelong Cu|x Answerr-Perhaps fl some of our traders can answer this, fl Wager (Caolfidd) wont to know if Liedratafrl fl aver won a Haulm Plate at Moonee Valley? fl Awwer— Yes on 20tli November. 1888. fl JXk Brisbane) asks if the Queensland xnare B My Ijove is aged ? Answer— Yea, I HI! (Carlton) asks friiat was the erpotest I weight Lone Hand carried to victory over I the Flemiitston stoeplc course? Answer— I Iflet 01b. I Constant Header (TrcsUm) asks % Did Dragou ever start in a Hurdle or I . Steeple bvfore Mr liuughlin owned tiitn ? I Answer— Yes. J.G. -Armadale, asks : I 2. Whether tlie Ghost who won the Bracelet I in tlie field of 42 horses at Cftulfield, and I The Gbot, owned by Mr. J. G. Reid at tbe time of hia death, arc the same? An I ewer -There wvre not the same. Mr. J. I G. Reid's The Ghost, is by Hamlet, and the winner ol the Bracelet, at Caolfield, I on 80th June. 1HS3 (when 42 started), by Trcgeogie. I 2 If not, what nro their iw)ioctiv< colors ? I Answer— The- (ihiist, by Tregeagle, was a I chestnut or roan, and The Ghost, by I Hamlet, adiesinut- I Podns Okus, writes : — A certain race club's pro- I gramme includes n stake for horses that have I never won a race of the value of LlO or more. I, I have a lintve that h:u won one stake adver- tiscd of LL0, entrance fee, 10. Would you I let me know whethtr or not my horse is still I qualified to start for the race? Answer— I Yes; brcaaec the "value of the stake ymr I horse won aftiT deducting tlie entrance fee, would be only Lfl 10s. fl Bport, St Arnaud, writes:— A horso won a I trotting race at a meeting, he same not being registered umter the V.R.C. Rnle, I that ir, not published in the V.R.C.; I Calendar. Will that disqualify him for I trotting at any otlier meeting? Auswer— I No I Pubcriber, Coonnver Brideo, writes An nj>- I country meeting advertised their nomiua- I tions to close at 5 p.m. on a certain day. I I attended there and entered my horve I at 6 p.m. iieiuained till 7 P.m., aud I got note froui the secretary? book of I the hone entered. On tne day of I race tw0 juoro appeared entered. I ran I third, tli£ two last entered being first and I second. <;Who is entitled to the money? I Annwcr— You ar", if you can prove that the I nominations of tlie horse alluded to were I received after the time advertised for. I dotting. I Vj.M., S'.rathdoanie Rast. writes : I 1. In the went of n horse being first past the I poet, jockey and horse returns to ihi- I weighing enclosure, jockoy; dismounts and I gets on tho scales, but' short of weight, is I tbc saino jockoy juetified in getting off the I scales, and walking to his horse and taking I the bridle off to u.akM up weight ? An- I .ewer— There is nothing in the rules against I such a procedure. I 8- Was the clerk of the scales justified in I allowing the jockcv to get on tlie scales I the second time, aud declare bun Weight? I Answer — Yes. I Hero. Doon, ades Can the stewards of a I racing club disqualify and fine a jock<-y for I auspicious riding ? Answer— Yes. I Click" writes : — I LA man trotted a lioree about five years I ago under a certain name, and few tne lai-t tLrce years the same borse baa been trot I ting under a diflerent name. This last I name has never been given io. Now, in I event of thntsanie horse winning a race, I would he be liable to be disqualified for I not giving in his late name? Answer.— I Under the Victorian Trotting Ciub rules I the horse could be disqualified if notice of I such change of natne is not given to the I Club, a recording f ett of Ll Is paid, mid a I certificate obtained from the Club. In I every entry for 12 months after the change I of name the late name bos to b£ given. I %. If a horse trots a mAtch and winsit, would I the ownct have to send that in as a |>er I foRiidiiot? Answer.— Yes. I '8. Aud -could the same horse afterwards I atari as a maiden ? Answer. —Yes, it the I hone has not won on advertised voce. I fiofascribcr (Woodford) write':— To decide a I vager, cm you tell me which of the rwo I horses won the high jump at the last Mel I bourne Show (Spoudulix or Saxon), und I what height? Answer.— Spondulix, who I Jumoed Oft. 0|in. I ATHLKTIOS. I 4. Jobuston asks What would.be good time I for a young man at 20 years to do three miles I to without training, lie never navingrun that I distance belurc? Answer— 20miu. I Athletic asks whether training after dark, | I or in the moonlight injures the wind? I Answer— No. I A Constant Reader asks I L, What is T. Mslone's time for 100 yards? I Answer— 9fsecs. I 8. What is the fastest time for a mile, aud I who by? Answer— 4inln. 2s ec., partly I down liill ; IAug. I IB.. Port Darwin, writes : — I 1. Are men who have run in matches (|ri I vate) for wagers or stakes, eligible to run I in a race for maiden runners ? Auswer— I Na I % Is it optional witli the jumpers to use I weights in Rtandiug long jump and I sunning jump at an ordinary sports meet I ing ? Answer — No unless-permiasion i I giv«n in the conditions they most juuip I without, I Yankee asks, whether the late Clarence I Whistler wasevpr -defeated in the Greco- I Roman wrestling by Tom Ciinnon? Answer I —He was. COURSING. I Veto desires to kuow die priudpal features I required iu the greyhound for Plumpton | coursing, and whether tlie breed has de I teriorated in tainiua does the establislimeut ' I «f on cloned gmunds ? Answer — Pace is the K sat essential in the suooessful plumptoner; t a certain degree of cleverness and smart ness off the turn is required. In our opinion the enclosed system his certainly ant improved the stoutness of tbe grey I bo'jild. IB., Richmond, wants to know how msnv I times Mclfott won the Waterloo Cup? Answer— Once ; in 1684. Subscriber, Adelaide, writes for information cn tlie following : — What won the Waterloo Cup in 1882? Whose nomination the win ner rau in? The real owner? And what run up? Answer— J. Capri. 2. Mr. Lord. 8\. Mr. W.Cooper. 4. M&idof; Oborae. THF RING. I R.8.. Deiiiliquin. asks:— Who Is tbe Cham Sion tnuriiit of England. Jack Kniftou or cui Smith ? Answer— Jem Smith. I „ BILLIARDS. Subscriber asks : — 1\. A and B are pbyinp thenwne shot-game. A says in off ui« white in tbe corner. He pots the white ball and tuns in after it. Who do they count to, A or B ? Answer -B. 3\. Is tli(»« any rule for the name-shot game? I AjjiwrY«i. Pool player writes:- A tnan Sf |A4jdng-in--<v gameof dcrilVpoot Sn making knocks down both the black pins without any- others. Conkedoithtbe pool?' Aabwit— Ym. \- - CARPS, r Canhs FBndera writes:-=ln jdaying six .card . Grib LhoM,threif« aJthqeei aud. mne;on;rim -peck. . doss'lt score? . . : > . Constant bcsderi South, Mflbnirne, asks: : » L How tauyn pUiagr do a pair tif eighth . „aj»Mr-pf two, ld a 4hroo tunied cjj? Eight.' .-4 HinicribbagepurcaiLAJAke li points out of 7 of cilubs, 4 of dabs, 4 oi Sfiades? AnNwtx — Na W.A, Rncliester, write:— A, B, and C are pteying cat thrust euchre, A 10, B U, and C 10 jsiinta A deal, and tumi it down, B passes, C mokes it and guts euchred. WJkj wins, A:<rBt Answei— i A as tlie elder hand with 10. CRICKBT. Subscriber uskJ— ' Will you kindly give me your deciaouin the following:— if a ball pitched off the wicket on either aide, breaks maud hits tbe .batsmaiiV leg, his leg being before the wicket, is it cut lb«v or not? Answers-No. J.R, Sandhurst, writes A bets B tliat the CapuUs will beat the Golden Square iu one innings. Tlie match wo to be fioisbed in four day. At the end of rli tliird d;iv, Uie scores sbiod— Cap., 254; Square, first inning. 75; and secoud jnniug five wicket for 70. How ahall the wager Im decided ; the Square not turning up to finish the match on thu fourth day? Answer— If, as . you say, the Golden Squniv teuui failed to make their aplM.uraiicf on the fourth day, the match was undoubtedly wuu by tfiu CopuJei team in on inning. 