BILL NVE ON J. C/E3AR. He Makes a Few Interesting Comments on the Plav. The play of 'Julius Cassar,' which has been at the Academy of Music this week, has made a great hit. Messrs. Booth and Barrett very wisely decided that if it succeeded here it would do well anywhere. If the people of New York like a play and say so it is almost sure to go elsewhere. Judging by this test the play of 'Julius Casar' has a glowing | future ahead of it. It was written by Gentle I men Shakespeare, Bacon and Donnelly, who collaborated together on it. Shakespeare did ' the lines and plot, Bacon furnished the cipher i and Donnelly called attention to it through ( the papers. . The scene of 'Julius Caesar' is laid in j Rome, just before the railroad was completed ? to that place. In order to understand the j play itself we must glance briefly at the lead- j j ing characters which are introduced and j ' upon whom its success largely depends. i Julius Casar flourished considerably from I 100 to 44 B. C., when a committee of repre- ; seutativo citizens and property owners of ; Rome called upon him, and on behalf of the people begged leave j) assassinate him as a ! mark of esteem. He was stabbed twenty- i three times between Pompey's Pillar and 11 j o'clock, many of which were mortal. This I account of the assassination is taken from a { localjpaper, and is graphic, succinct and lacks the sensational elements so common and la mentable in our own time. Cssar was the implacable foe of the aristocracy, and re- j fused to wear a plug hat up to the day of his ] death. Sulla once said, before Caesar had 1 made much of a showing, that some day this young nian would be the ruin of the aristoc racy, and twenty years afterward, when Caesar sacked, assassinated and holocausted a whole theological seminary for saying 'eyether' and 'nvether,' the old settlers re called what Sulla had said. Csesar continued to eat pie with a knife mill in many otliw wajrs- to CU(X€ar llim-aulf to — the masses until OS, B. C-., when ho ran for quoestor. Afterward he was sedile, during the term of which office he sought to intro duce a number of new games and to extend the limit on some of the older ones. From this to the senate was but a step. In 02, B. C., he went to Spain as proprie tor, intending to write a book about the Spanish people and their customs as soon as he got back, but he was so busy on his return that he did not have time to do so. Caesar was a powerful man with the peo ple, and while in the senate worked hard for his constituents, while other senators were having their photographs taken. He went into the army when the war broke out, rid after killing a great many -pjopxe, against whom he- he certaiiiiv could not have had anything personal, he returned, headed by tho Rome silver cornet band, and leading a procession over two miles in length. It was at this time that he was tendered a crown just as he was passing tho city hall, but thrice he refused it. After each refusal tho people ap plauded and encored him till he had to refuse it again. It is at about this time that the play opens. Co?sar had just arrived on a speckled courser and dismounted outside the BEAD OP THE PROCESSION. town. He comes in at the head of the pro fession, with the .understanding that the mwn is to be offered him just/ as he crosses \ over to the court house. 1 ' Here Cassius and Brutus meet, and Cris pins tries to make a mugwump of Brutus, so that they can organize a new movement. Mi'. Edwin Booth takes the character of Brutus and Mr. Lawrence Barrett takes that of Cassius. I would not want to take the character of Cassius myself, even if I had run short of character and needed some veiy much indeed, but Mr. Barrett takes it and does it first rate. Mr. Booth also plays Brutus so that old settlers here say it seems almost liko having Brutus here among us again. In act 4 Brutus sits up lata reading a story by E. P. Roe, aud just as he is in the most exciting part of it tho ghost of the assassin ated Caesar appears and states that it will meet him with hard gloves at Philippi. Bru tus looks bored, and says that he is in no condition, but the ghost leaves it that way, ind Brutus looks still more bored tLl the ; ;host goes out through a white oak door without opening it. At Philippi Brutus sees that there is no hope of police interference, and so before Unie is called ho inserts his sword into his icing and dies, while tho polite American ??udience puts on its overcoat and goes out, ooking over its shoulder to see that Brutus i Iocs not take advantage of this moment, -vliile the people are going away, to resusci ate himself. Booth and Barrett liavo the makings of ood actors in them. I met both of these entlemen in Wyoming some years ago. We iet by accident. They were going to Cali ?irnia and I was coming back. By some . crsight we had both selected the same :-ack, and wo were ihrown together. I do .ot know whether they will recall my face ir not. I was riding on tbe sleeper truck at ae time of the accident. I always take a deeper, and always did. I rode on the truck jecause I didn't want to ride inside the car ind have to associate with a wealthy porter .-. ho looked down upon me. I am the man ,vho was found down the creek the nest day .?athering wild ferns and murmuring, -Where am 1?' Tho play of 'Julius Caesar' is one which irings out the meanness and magnetism of .'assius, and emphasizes the mistaken patriot ..ini of lirutus. It is full of pathos, duplicity, assassination, treachery, erroneous loyalty, ;uicide, hypocrisy and all the intrigUBi jeal ousy, cowardice and deviltry which charac terized the politics of fifty years B. C., but which now, tuanks to the enlightenment and refinemeut which twenty centuries have brought, are laiown 110 more foi-^voi-. L&t; us not forget, as we enter upon the year 18SS, that it is a presidential year, and that all icrirAony v. iil bo buried under the dew and the daisies, and that, 110 matter how high [?arty spirit may ran, there will bo no per -«iiai enmity.— Bill Nyc ia New York World. 