Variora. [By the Stajt.1 ? He was only a poor working man with .a delicate wife and. two young children dependent on what ho could earn, and he lay stricken with that much-dreaded , -disease— typhoid fever. The doctor ordered. ibrandv and eaga for the patient. Brandy ..could be obtained at the . nearest public ?house, but it so happened that eggs were ?scarce at the tipie. However, a messenger was sent out among the neighbors to try and procure some, and one of the first places he called at was the house of a near 'relative of the sick man's. Yes, the woman of the house bad a. few eggs, five in all, and after dutifully enquiring for her' sick relative, she consented to let them have the eggs providing she were paid ninepence for them! When the sick man heard (for ?they told him) that bis dead mother's sister charged him ninepence for live eggs, lie remarked that be did not think they would do .him much good, and they didn't, for a few hours afterwards he.was at rest. And this happened not in any uncivilized part of the world, but. in prosperous, plentiful Tasmania. ' ,?„ ..?: , ^ .??? #V; : ; ?..:..:;?.? : He was an important personage in the rural district in which, be resided, was a member of 'several local';' bodies,' and of * course, a J.P. At a public meeting he informed those present that ' tipod' fever 'mis not' 'contingent,' and' at the 'close of this same meeting he. declared, that ,the vote of thanks to the chairman was cauied by ' ixclamatibn.' But he. crowned all this. the other day when he told a friend that he had been adjudicating on a case in which the Curator of 'Intestine' Estates was tho plaintiff, and that ' from some remarks made by one of the lawyers engaged ou the case he (the lawyer) must have thought they (the Bench) wore all 'dults.' How is this for high ? #*# A few weeks ago a blackfellow outraged an European child in Queensland, and for the committal of the horrible offence he was sentenced to death. In most of tho other colonies tho penalty of the law for a similar offence is the same, and it is just that it should be so. But what do we learn from Queensland in reference to the case under notice ? Why, that some clergy men aro getting up a petition for the reprieve of the bluckfollow! It is really astonishing to notice the extent to which unnatural sympathy will influence some people. And clergymen,, too! Such measures by such . men will certainly foster tho indifference to religious matters which clergymen complain of in these days. *** ' ' '? One would naturally suppose that members of a Social Purity Society should lead ; pure lives — that is, that in their living and actions they would set an example worthy of imitation by their fellow men. Butr, alas for the ' incon sistency of man, it is not always. so. ' Some members of the Sydney S. P. organisation recently suspected the conduct of certain persons to be such ds. to call for' investi gation. They were at their wits' end as to how they might obtain., a verification of their surmises. And what device did these prowlers resort to ? They were guilty of a despicable act that a constable who had been twenty years in the force and had not had a ' case,' would scorn to ' carry out. A room next to the one occupied by the 'suspects' was hired, and by the aid of holes bored through the partition, these .exemplary persons were enabled to gloat over the misdeeds of their fellow men. . Jf such practices as these are adopted in order to briug to light similar actions to those lately heard before the Sydney Court of Quarter Sessions, by members of a society professedly chaste in mind, they will certainly earn for such organisations the contempt of ' all persons who wish to cultivate real purity of mind and be shunned by them— and deservedly so. . *** ? Our defence work at Brown's Bluff, Muddy Creek, is approaching completion — ? at least what the Russian scare and the Government started is just about- to be, finished by that never-failing party, who makes it his [business to pay his respects to everyone and everything. Although rarely welcome, no doubt, he has stepped into the breach in the present case, 'with the approval of no small number, who eye the noble fortifications as a waste of money, labor, and thought. During the time of the aforesaid scare our Government shipped a cargo of timber from Hobart in a' small cutter. The boat withstood the perils and dangers of the sea, and safely landed the timbor on the beach (mud) at the site of the proposed fort. Since that period — some two or three years' back — that wood' has enjoyed perpetual rest and quietness, but now the ravages of decay are in full blast, and ere long the spot will be marked by nothing but a heap of rotten timber. . **♦ -: The Ministers — so say the Opposish — Are merely types of Bird and beast and Fysh; Which may be true ; but still the sage remark ?Is rather rough on Braddon and on Clark. ? ? No mistake about it, that financial debate was an awful . exhibition. For poverty stricken platitude and washed out common place it would be bad to beat at a third rate country debating ? club. It was dull, flat, stale, and unprofitable ; dull as a thrice-delivered sermon ; flat as the D in alt of a Salvation Army cornet ; stale as a lidginghouse loaf, or a bottle of soda-water opened over night and allowed to stand till morning; and , as unprofitable as running a North-West opposition news paper. If you want, to know how that sizes it, Just , you make enquiries in the proper quarter. . What merit that debate could fairly claim attached to it as an exhibition of the art of saying nothing in a great many words. The wonder was, how they contrived to make so little go so far ; and when you consider the infliction on that unfortunate Speaker, the reporters, the telegraph clerks, the typos, and general readers, a clear case is made out for in dicting the whole Assembly under the Act for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. Certainly the tedium of the palaver was here arid there relieved by brilliant flashes and genius, which shone forth with almost lurid effect against the density of the pre vailing dulness. For instance, Mr.Hartnoll really distinguished himself when 'he thus unburdened his legislative buzzum':— ' All parts of ' the Government policy they have filched from, the Opposition are worthy of highest commendation :; but all that comes from their ingenuity will faw-T them in a sea I of trouble.' Departed spirits', of the mighty dead! How's that for. high ? What doesrthe talented: legislator' think1 of his own 'ingenuity' in1 ! mixed1 metaphor manufacturing? ? Talk aD°ut figures^ of 6i-«ech and flower* .of rhetoric ! . Vlf that ( is not a regular oratoriu'ilddffy-down-dilly; I'll trouble you to prorluco the horticultural ? beating of it. ' ? ? ' ? ? *** ? '? : The chosen of South Latinceston. has1 evidently been rubbing shoulders with til'e ghost of the. illustrious Siv Boyle Roach, who, in an impassioned address to his admiring countrymen, sagaciously de clared:—' Gintlemin : The apple of discord has been thrown into our midst, and unless it is speedily nipped in the bud,it will burst into a conjligration that will deluge the entire civilised world. Yes, gintlemin, the car, of revolution is steadily rowling onward and gnashing its teeth as it rowls ; and I. unhesitatingly affinn that there is not a man, woman, nor child in the country who, has not felt this solemn truth thundering through his brain for cinturies. The next to immortalise himself was Dr. Crowthur, with his ' Oh-bad-iah' witticism. Evidently the study of comparative anatomy and the British ' pharmacopoeia is wonderfully conducive to the develop ment of the highest form3 of graceful fancy. Ye Gods! how he must have struggled with that ponderous pun, and if the- weight of it did not smashhis collar bone, I'm no surgeon ; f or it is a clear case of dislocation of the humerus. The rib cracking jest .was worthy of its setting. But if these outrages are allowed to pass unwhipped of legislative justice, here goes to administer poetic chastisement :— 'Dear Sawbones,- how could you that limit neglect : ' Which verbal propriety bids you respect ; You must have forgot when you ventured : ? ? to shock it, ' Who makes a bad pun would as soon pick a pocket.' ' ' ? ' ? ? .. ?. .-. ?? ?'?-*???'?.. '.', No question about it, though, that light and , graceful per.sijlaqe which, finds its exercise in the Jeremiah and Obadiah style of sobriquet, wonderfully adds to the dignity of Parliament. Would it not be as well to scatter a few more scriptural appellations through the House ; say, for instance, Judas Iscariot, Barabbas, Ananias, and a few other names of other ' . eminent worthies. They would be found dignified, significant, and, it may be, appropriate. But the conjunction first named suggests a connection the very reverse of scriptural, and pertinent, or impertinent, here it is— ' The jolly Obadiah And the rueful Jeremiah, Formed an impious and unholy coalition ; And their patron saint — Old Nick — - , They determined they would kick With his^ colleagues from his .dignified ., % position. ??-.!-, '?? ? ! They stirred up such a riot, That to keep Gehenna quiet Mephisto 6aid: — I very plainly see, Though it rends my soul asunder, : ? They must have both place and plunder, And reign supreme in — — instead of me,' ?: , ? *** ? , . Too diaphanous, Tommy, far too diapha nous; why, a blind, man' could shut his eyes and see throiigh.it. Lord, how you must have laughed, and the sound- thereof must have been like the cachinnation of : a Tom-cat incarcerated in a kerosene tin, and not the first time, though, that the red herring across the trail dodge has been tried. As for the stick with which to chas-^ tise impertinence ; what a pity for the 'veteran .'that the penance of self-flngel-: lation has grown obsolete. Don't you think so 'Tommy?' But really the at tempted 'get-away' is not worthy of so talented an artist : — ? ' i I'm shocked at you.Tommy; could none of your tricks . Suggest an astuter way out of the fix ? For, to fancy the public so very obtuse, i Is, instead of a fox, to proclaim you a goose. . ' .'???? .*** : ' ] No place in town looked more like a country sale yard than the Columbia Elite Skating Rink on Saturday evening last, when the management, announced a little; diversion in' the shape of a menagerie race.; The contestants consisted of a fine, lump of a porker with excellent vocal powers, a Wil liam goat, a rooster, and a bull terrier ? just such a dog that would be a fit com panion for. Bill Sykes. Before, the. race; started there was a coolness between the unclean beast and the terrier on account of certain' remarks attributed to the' pup and reflecting on the honor of the pig's family. The rooster was an old stager, who crowed many a moonlight night at 10 o'clock, uuder the impression it was the dawn of day, while the goat had an expression child-like and bland. When Mr George, the Adonis of the rink, lowered the flag the terrier dined off the left flapper of the pig, which ran up the scale on the higher register to about X. While these two, with their drivers on skates, were being undone, the goat lead the rooster the' /irst time round, and. then struck his driver in the abdomen and landed him in a heap in the corner. The rooster then had' the field to himself for a time, but after apologies had. been .' exchanged between the porker arid the bull-pup, the latter went in full cry of the rooster, and going the required distance won easily.; Mr George says it was in tensely ' funny, but .he 'thinks a 40-acre paddock; just as suitable as the Columbia Elite ; Skating Rink to hold a menagerie raceini-1 ':?;:?.. \:i - ^ ?'??-?? ? ' '?? ??' ?'??' ,'? ??_ 