THE CONTRIBUTOR. COUNTRY SKETCHES. By "The Vagabond." WARBURTON TO YARRA FLATS- ln the works of the old dramatists much use is made of the comedies of error caused by resemblance of individuals. " One face, one voice and two persons ; a natural perspective that is and is not." Shakespeare gives us this in Viola and Sebastian, as well as in Antipholus and Dromio of Ephesus and Antipholus and Dromio of Syracuse. History also furnishes noted examples of such duplica tion of individuality, the most notable of which was that of the adventuress who simula'ed Marie Antoinette, and in such character de- frauded a would-be lover of the unhappy Queen out of the farfamed diamond necklace. The cheat was so perfect that historians and novelists have not yet thoroughly cleared up the matter, and at the time the reputation of Marie Antoinette greatly suffered. The " Countos3 de la Motte " unconsciously aided the Revolution by bringing Royalty into con- tempt. But in real life we seldom see this counterfeit presentment. I have, it is true, two dear little friends, twin sisters, and I cannot tell one from the other without the distinguish- ing ruby and pearl colored ribbons which they wear. But this likeness will pass away with childhood. And there is a gentleman in Sydney who is said to closely resemble myself to such an extent that the last time I was in the - Club the steward presented me with my double's bill. It would have been more satisfactory if it had been the other way. But I have never until now seen grown men or women with " one face and one voice." Strong likenesses may he often met with, but indi- vidual traits of feature will soon be. detected. The one exception in my experience is in the case of the brothers Wildman, of Woori Yalloak and Seville. Of them it might be written, " An apple cleft in two is not more twin than these two crea- tures," and Olivia might easily have made a mistake if she had had one of the Wildman's as a two hours' husband. With all the appliances of stage art Miss Essie Jenyns will never be able to get such a double for her charming representation of Viola, as Mr. John Wildman, of Seville, is to his brother at Woori Yalloak. We had driven back through the rain past Buller's and the Launching Place, halting to bait the horses and again partake of a well cooked lunch at Woori Yalloak. When a hostess personally waits on you, as Mrs. Wild- man does, one is sure of the best of attention. " Good bye ! Major," says host Wildman, as we mount the buggy. "But I dare say you will see me down below." " You'll cut across the paddocks, I suppose," says Major Blannin, giving Billy a reminder to start. But why do they wink at each other? When two people exchange this private signal a third is apt to fancy there is some little game on, in which he may be the victim. But I forget all about this in the three miles damp ride to Seville. This embryo township was named after the daughter of a neighboring gentleman, who deserved well of his fellow citizens. But any place more unlike Seville in old Spain it is hard to imagine. A poet would get no inspiration here as Byron did when he described Don Juan's birthplace — In Seville was he born, a pleasant city. Famous for oranges and women : he. Who has not seen It will be ranch to pity, So says the proverb— and I quite agree : Of all the Spanish towns is none more pretty, Cadiz, perhaps— but that you soon may see. Don Juan's parents lived beside the river, A noble stream, and call'd the Guadalquivir. There is nothing of the picturesque about Seville. It is a roadside hamlet in the midst of a comparatively thickly timbered country. But a population is springing up here. There are many farms scattered about. Seville owns a blacksmith's shop and a church, but, strange to say, there is no public house. Mr. Wild- man's store has a licence to sell colonial wine, on which people can get quite as drunk as on whisky. I do not wont colonial wine in this weather, but something to send warmth through my blood, and keep out the cold and damp. Admitting the advantages of Local Option in shutting up the " hells" of Sandridge, in country districts the traveller and tourist require refreshments. It would, I think, be very hard upon holiday makers if the statutory number of hotels was rigidly adhered to in many places, summer resorts of Melbourne citizens. I am also informed — and I am always pleased to chronicle the wants of the people that an electoral registrar is required at Seville, The nearest official is 9 miles from this spot. Intending voters will ride a dozen miles and get there late or find the officer absent. One man tells me he has made three journeys without being able to get registered. In the city the workingman has only to walk a block or two to be placed upon the roll. In the country it is very different. The suffrage is no use without facilities are afforded for exercising it. . I propose that every postmaster should be appointed a registrar. But this and other grievances of Seville I learn after being staggered by the like- ness of Mr. John Wildman to his brother. If the former had not, after greeting Major Blannin, turned an inquiring glance upon me showing that I was a stranger to him I should have imagined that the latter, as hinted, had made a short cut across the paddocks. These brothers could hare made a fortune on the stage in parts requiring doubles, if they had stone into tho profession. I have lots of time to learn about Seville, as we wait an hour whilst our horses are shod. That we can only obtain tea here I feel is a hardship. No man likes tea in the bush better than I do. But when riding in cold damp weather if you take tea it requires strengthen- ing after the manner of the worthy priest's in The Shaughraun. I can find no virtue either in a nobbler of colonial wine. One citizen, how- ever, who halts here, takes his half pint of petit bleu with as much enjoyment as a French peasant, and rides away wet to the skin, but re- joicing in a sense of alcoholic comfort. I want mine more concentrated. Wandin Yallock has become of sufficient importance to find a place in that wonderful encyclopedia of colonial information, Gordon aud Gotch's Australian Handbook. There are three State schools within the scattered township, but not a single hotel. There are also two churches — Anglican and United Methodist, not Wesleyan. These buildings, both of them remarkably ugly, with one of the schools, a public hall, and Mr. Quayle's store make up all the passing stranger sees of Wandin. They are built on a hill at the corner of the cross roads, one lead- ing from the valley of the creek into the Lilydale road ; the other, along which we came, branching off from near Seville south to the Running Creek. Raspberry growing is one of the chief industries of the neigh- borhood. Major Blannin drives me a mile and a half from Quayle's corner down hill to "Redlands," or "Queen-street," as a bye-track is here named. Not oven the propin- quity of the residence of one of her Majesty's judges, Mr. Justice Holroyd, justifies the latter ambitious title. " Redlands " is more appro priate, for the soil is mostly of that color. Lots of timber to be cleared away yet. Plenty of room for more raspberry gardens and small freehold residences. Along the valley of the Wandin there are many sites like Judge Holroyd's, where city people could find pleasant country homes, with a view of the Dandenong State forest at the back and the far away Dividing Range to the north. It is wonderful how the houses are scattered about this township of Wandin. It is a place which is on no high road, and there- fore one would imagine the village would be concentrated. But here is a new blacksmith's shop in the midst of a fresh clearing in the bush. The smith is taking his gun and dogs on to kill a rabbit before sundown. At Queen-street we come to a butcher's shop, which seems a mile from anywhere. This butcher is a champion cricketer. As be has to supply his customers by driving to their homes, it docs not much matter where he lives. Still it seems strange to come on such an establishment in a lone country byeway. It takes it out of the horses pulling up tho hill from the valley to Quayle's corner. The lovely bits of woodland scenery which we pass become hidden in a dense wall of fog, which encompasses us like a shroud. It reminds me of the Mersey; it is too pure and tasteless to in any way resemble a London fog. We had intended to halt at Wandin for the night, Mr. Quayle having "nice accommo dation" for temperance travellers. But for three days, with only one interval of three hours, it has been raining like a dress re hearsal for another Deluge. And now tho fog is upon us. It fills my lungs and chokes me. Why does the old " shanty " come into my head ? Fifteen men on the dead man's chest, Yo ! heigh ho ! and a bottle of rum. Mr, Quayle, good Manxman that he is, will tell me pleasant tales of his native land and his ancestor, the " Deemsteer," and Miss Quayle will make us the best of tea. But in this weather I am not a temperance traveller. I cannot help it. I wasn't made that way. Mea maxima culpa. So I put it to Major Blannin that we had better, if the horses will hold out for seven miles, go on to Lilydale, where, if this weather continues, I can take train in the morning to Melbourne, and we can to-night send telegrams to our respective head quarters, and learn the latest news. My com panion, always at my disposal in these mat ters, assents, and so wo commence a most dark, dreary, damp, dangerous, dreadful depressing and doleful drive. If there is any other alliterative adjective, my readers will please insert. The major, who is a great lover of Burns, quotes : — And sic a night we tak the road In As ne'er poor sinner was abroad in. The wind blew as 'twad blawn its last; The rattling showers rose on the blast; The speedy gleams the darkness swallow'd; Loud, deep and lang the thunder bellow'd: That night, a child might understand The deil had business on his hand. But in Australia we have lost faith in the personality of the spirit of evil. We do not believe in ghosts or goblins, or witches or war- locks, and the " deil " is likewise shunted to the limbo of ancestral traditions. Of course I am only referring to the personality of Satan and his once presumed capacity of interference with us on this earth. As a spirit the devil is still a powerful aid to the churches. But as we drive onward through the rain aud the mirk, I begin to think it would be much more lively if there were a few ghosts or goblins to amuse us en route. It is so dark we cannot see the horses' heads. Major Blannin drives by dead reckoning, keeping the buggy on an even keel When we lurch to the right he pulls the horses to the left, and vice versa. We appear to have travelled about 10 miles, mostly in sad silence, for language fails to suit the occasion. Then we pass a road makers' camp. Big fires in front of the tents send fitful flashes of flame through the gloom. "How far is it to the junction?" we ask. "About a mile and a quarter'" is the reply. Another gloomy mile, and we come to another camp. "How far is it to the junction ?" About two miles." We drive on. The rain has cleared up, but the gloom has increased. A silent sad half mile and we meet a spring cart. "How far is it to the junction ?" " About 3 miles " says the driver. " Don't you ask any more questions, or there will be a murder," say i to my com- panion. To add to our discomfort we have to traverse long stretches of road which are being prepared. The shire of Lilydale has floated a loan and is mending its ways. The roughest metalling is the present result. Lumps of rock big as one's head cause the buggy to bump and sway like a boat in a surf. Further amusement comes in tho shape of big saplings, which for the benefit of night travellers, are placed here and there across the new metal. But the longest journey comes to an end. We reach Lilydale at last, too late, however, the tele- graph, and we also find that all the lager beer in tho town has been drunk up by a party of Germans from Melbourne, who are jovially celebrating the Emperor's death, and the Prince's regency, news of which events we learn from the morning's papers. It is comparatively fine when we start from Lilydale on the return trip to Melbourne, via Christmas Hills and Eastern Evelyn, just past the Lodge, the settlement, which consists of the Sportsman's Arms Hotel, a black- smith's shop and two or three cottages, the road to Healesville diverges to the right ; but we keep straight on, bearing due north. Soon we pass a schoolhouse, a building which I shall remember from the strange fact that in the window large glass jars of " lollies " are displayed. Is this for the pur- pose of tempting children to school by giving an impression, that the sweets will be the reward of attendance? The Lodge is named from the fact that years ago, when Mr. Paul de Castella owned all this country, the drive to the Yering homestead commenced here. An avenue of trees was to be formed. But the public road has cut through this. As you approach the homestead, how- ever, you come on a grand avenue of English trees, which succeeds the original one, a reminis- cence of which is thus given by Mr. Thomas Browne : — "Early in the afternoon we sighted the dark-browed Titan on the on the hither side of which the homestead lay. Mending our pace we entered a mile long avenue, cleared with a Bridegroom's munificence as a fitting approach for so fair a bride, on the occasion of his marriage." The bride was a lady who bore name honored by all our early volunteers, and her own will go down to posterity in connection with Lilydale. But there was a pioneer at Yering before Mr. Paul de Castella, an early pastoralist, who deserves as much credit as the gold digger of the Upper Yarra. Fifty years ago he shifted his camp from the head waters of the Snowy River, in the Monaro district, to seek new pastures in the west. The same authority quoted above says:- " How Mr. William Ryrie, in the year 1838 or 1839, brought his flocks and herds and general pioneer equipments straight across from Arnprior and Monaro, hitting precisely upon this fair and tenantless lodge in the wilderness, will always be a marvel. It was one of the feats which the earlier explorers occasionally performed, which showed their fit- ness for the heroic work of colonisation, wherein so many of them risked health and life, with the great pastoral "wild of Australia lying virgin and unappropriated before him, Mr. Ryrie might easily have made a more profitable, a more expansive choice, But, taking soil climate and scenery into consideration, he could not have hit upon a more likely spot for the founding of an estate and the formation of a homestead had he searched the continent Amid the variously gathered outfit which accompanied the pastoral chief as he led flocks, herds and retainers through unknown wilds to the far promised land, happened to be some roots of the tree the survival of which caused Noah so much uneasiness, and have more or less humbled his descendants before John Jamieson and Co. took up the running with the more fashionable product of the harm- less arena. A few grape vines reached the spot unharmed. Planted in the first orchard on the rich alluvial of the broad river flat which fronted the cottage, they grew and flourished, bearing so richly that the area devoted to the vine was soon enlarged. From such small beginning arose the vineyards of Yering and St Hubert's. From these again those of Messrs. de Pury and others— the vine grow- ing district which has now a European reputation— gradually grew." As the first planter of the vine in Victoria, and as the pioneer of the district, Mr. Ryrie deserves to be remembered. At the present moment there is a proposal to rename the township springing up on the Yarra Flats. I suggest that this be called Ryrietown, and strongly urge on those interested to so honor a dauntless pioneer. The absurd habit of giving English or Scotch names to Australian locations should be discontinued. When native names are not retained, places should he associated with the early residents, or with those who have deserved well of their country. How different is the Yering of to-day to the lagoon studded country of 50 years age Among the serpentine patches of water and their surrounding growth of reeds, flocks of every description of Australian fowl were wont to spend their songless lives, disturbed neither by sportsman nor agriculturists and but little thinned by the pot-hunting aboriginal They had long enjoyed Nature, as it was created for them, and when at last the white man entered upon the country and began to destroy Nature's idea of Australia in order to set up an improved pattern of his own, surely neither snake nor fowl could com- plain and until now the fear of microbes was not before them. But, however that may be, they were not considered any more than the human aboriginal. To-day, one finds in this district the finest vineyards in Victoria. Wine which maketh glad the hearts of Australians, and which would make them considerably more glad it were kept longer, is the product of this former resort of wild fowl. By the energy of civilised man the "wurley" of the aboriginal was transformed into the white man's hut, this again into the weatherboard homestead, and once more into the well appointed man- sion to be seen here now. What more can man desire than a peaceful life such as can be lived here? If not under your own vine and fig tree, at least under so much of the former as to make up for the loss of the scriptural ideal in the combination of the two. And the great oak planted in the garden of Yering affords better shade than either vine or fig tree. Is there not also on the Yering property the celebrated and much written about willow, now nearly 50 years old? It is pleasant to -halt and partake of hospitality here, whilst Major Blannin talks of old military times, when the colonel commanded our forces, and Mrs. De Castella tells me of the blacks who, within her recol- lection, camped on the river and loafed about the station, being supplied with rations and generally living on the squatter's bounty. ,Yering was sometimes visited by strange tribes. The Goulburn blacks came hither by a native path from the Acheron Valley along the valley of the Watts. They had also a track into Gippsland by way of the head waters of the Yarra. Mr. Panton tells me, "I have seen this, a well beaten path." These tracks were no doubt principally used by the doctors or " newsmen," members of a craft privileged to move from tribe to tribe in safety, driving out devils, rain making, selling death spells and "vending the news," for the pick of the chase. These fortunate individuals were evi- dently the forerunners of war correspondents. As in many things, however, civilisation has rendered occupation much more inconvenient. The European war correspondent would certainly find it very advantageous to his paper were he allowed to pass from camp to camp in safety. He would also find it very much more advantageous to him- self, as nowadays he is more likely to be killed than even one of the regular soldiers. Possibly if journalists could manage to wield some potent spell, after the manner of these natives, and thereby cure the wounded, or turn the tide of victory, even Lord Wolseley himself might look with favor upon them. It is 12 years since I was at Yering. I wonder if I shall ever again drink wine here with the inward wish of health and prosperity to all. That my wandering path should again lead me across this valley is a chance against which the odds were thousands to one. What has become of all my old companions — the banker, the barrister and the reverend one ? and they given up to gout and grey hair and liver, and illtemper generally? That we should live to see a railway across these flats was then as improbable as that I should remain a dozen years in Australia. Yet Yer- ring is now spanned by a railway bridge a mile and a half long, Through some influence of the class known as jobbery the railway to Healesville has been brought round the Yarra Flats, making a detour of 4 miles, and necessitating the construction of this costly and dangerous wooden bridge of 500 spans. It has made a township at Yarra Flats, and I have no objection to this, but even then it does not keep on a straight course to Healesville, hut makes a considerable detour before entering that township. People in the district will tell you why this is, and give you an illustration of political influence. When we leave the ferry and cross the Yarra we come on to the railway camp. Hard by is a deserted condensed milk factory. It is a pity this industry did not succeed. A smart Ameri- can was imported to manage it, who is remem bered here on account ot his dread or snakes. Some smarter Australian had given the new chum such a number of tough ophidian yarns in Melbourne that the milkman arrived at the Yarra Flats burdened with a quantity of stout wire netting, which he nailed across all the windows before he lay down to rest. It is not often that an American is "sold" to such an extent. The township of Yarra Flats commences at the railway. New brick houses and a bank attest faith in the future. Then there is a long stretch of road till we come to the eastern end of the settlement and alight at worthy Host Farrell's, who, as an old miner, is just the man I like to talk to. I look at the trim white fences and gates bordering the road, the second brick bank, the chemist's shop, tho two churches, school house and public hall, stores and blacksmith's shop, and then I innocently ask, "Where- abouts is Batt's from here?" "This is Batt's" says Mr. Farrell. The new verandah to the house known to so many Melbourne sportsmen has so changed it that I did not recognise the place where 12 years ago we baited. Bush paddocks were all around then; now there is a flourishing country township, which shortly, I hope, will appear in Gordon and Gotch's Australian Handbook as Ryrietown. We have a pleasant: hour here. We examine the young squatter's blood horse, and talk to the yachtsman, one of the crew of the Ariel at Snapper Point last year, and to the doctor who is settled tem- porarily in this neighborhood. The district is too healthy to keep a medical man, but he is employed in looking after the lives aud limbs of the " navvies " in tho camps near Yarra Flats. Of these more in my next Country Sketch. 