''?'?:; ?-.A''ifiadlle®»'''ColiiisBiBL-. '.'?.'?'?? \- [BY. BUTTERFLY.] ' ' ',''? ? BIRTHDAYS ? '.' Melbourne, Feb. 21, 1888. ? Dear BittterfiiY.— -St. Augustine tells us that 'it is everyone's bounden duty to celebrate his' or her birthday.' But I; think it is a duty niO3t of us are very apt to shirk as wo advance along life's path way/ -whose regularly recurring landmarks we are not so particularly- anxious to impress uiuugl upuu uut u»u uuciuwnwo «* those of others, as we were in the halcyon days \\\rhen merrily skipped we along to the time of manhood or womanhood. Then we: anticipated, conquering life's difficulties ' as they lay in the road of our fellow creatures ; ? ? in the future we expected to hold the wand of power, and to wieJd itso that' it. would work, wonders. But we wax wiser as time ?'. ? ? pitilessly maroheson, increasing our know ,ledge,yet lessening our self-confidence upon which:so inuoh of our happiness dojfnds. 'We , can, do so little ; couvantionalities hedge us in and we are powerless to stem tLe tide of the world's Borrow, which soine . times threatens to overwhelm ourselves. We are thankful if we .can fipid a little islet where we' can rest and foel secure, without marvelling much, what will become of the multitude towards which experience, with its hardening touch, has lhaae us, if not cruelly, indifferent, at least less compas sionate than in the far-distant days, when we planned, all sorts of wonderful inyenr ibionB for the Bafety of others and were characterised by a spirit of self-abnegation. How we have changed ! And yet who can blame us ? Our kindness of heart has been derided; our motives have been misinter preted j our friends have courted; us but '?.'' tor '.their own benefit j the ingratitude we have recHived' has rendered us pessimistic. The, selfishness of those we, have met has cast itsj shadow upon ourselves, and bur philanthropy diminishes in thought if not indeed.1 So we do not cordially welcome our ? birthdays as the years go oh, for with each wa have become more, initiated in the lessons taught by Time. The new studies are not, pleasant; they have opened sorrow ful vistas to us ; thoy have held up realistic pictures to our gaze;. 'they have set us wondering what -uay be brought us by capriei.ius Fate. Gone are the old happy hours, when we looked forward to the .MSnguacmug ui uur auuLL n-uua.a : uo uauii jiirthday mnie round; when presents were ijivenus by kind, parents, and every vase ?was filled with flower3 gathered from the old-fas iionad garden in our honour. And we sat by the crackling fire, listening to delightful fairy tales, and begging for ghost-stories in which we never believed, although they gave us a delightfully 'eerie' tonsation as we passed with rapid step to our bed-rooms, never daring to look behind us. And in dreams the dolls, toys, and books wore chaotically mixed up with queens, giants, dwarfs, enchanted mirrors, and mauy passaged castles. Ah, birthdays once so rejoiced in ! You are lost in the irrevocable past, and your successors ULc. Ul ,tu voi-y uiuoicub i/inoo ikKjux juui selves. Yet regulnrly does onts call upon iip every twelve months, and we must re ceive it, although it may not be with the cordiality the Persiaus displayed in the days of Herodotus, when, deeming it in cumbent upon thein to pay. particular attention to their natal day, they loaded thoir tables with numerous dishes, and the rich, among them roasted an ox, a horse, i,n: a.S3, or a camel in celebration of the occasion. I think most people past their .fir3t youth are content to let their birth day come and go with faint notice, but ?whether we receive it pleasantly or other wise, we are sure of it3 annual visit as long# as we are garbed in flesh. ??.-;?'? ? ??Scott tells us that Swift, from an early age, was wont to commemorate his birth day as a term of sorrow, and to read upon its recurrence that Biblical passage in which Job execrates the day upon which it was said in his father's house that a man child was born. Always in the Dean's his ,tory have I taken much interest, and have never found it difficult to understand why ,he should have considered life by no means a. blessing. For although poverty passed trom mm wuen. mature uiunuoou avrivea, in his sensitive spirit still lingered the memory of his early sufferings, and he re gretted having come into a world hard and pitiless towards the poor — bitter and envy ing toward the rich.Nor is it improbable that . many a mother has mentally exclaimed, while grasped by fear for her children's future, in the words of William Young :— Why did I bring theo, aweet, ? Into a world of pain ? ' :? .'Into a world of wendor and doubt, , Witn sorrow una snares tor tno . little wmte ?'. ? ? foot; . ' , : \ . . ?? ; ,,..: ? Into a wocLd where tho going but Is as dark as the oomingiu. ' - But tbere is no need to repeat this verse 'in the presence of the tiny, creatures from ? whom the shadows of the world's care ought ' to be. kept as long as possible. ' Upon them happiness should be poured, so that, no ?matter what coming years may bring, the. time of their childhood may be a pleasant \: background to life's picture. Yes ; the birthdays of the young should be rendered ?'?'gladsome, so that in their, fucure' lives,; ?'.- ?'.''perhaps exceptionally lonely ones, they nay; be able to enjoy ; a delight ful retrospect,, by looking ., back upon 1' the . .time ..when, affection, , encircled ? :. them, :and they-, were;; among ?-, [those dearest to some of their, kind. An-3Lwith regard to tho3ewho are no 'longer children, ', ?' iu ay each of their 'birthdays 'mark some i m ' jarbvemJnt' in their spiritual condition ;! may ' ? each' be more replete ; with the happiness .?.:???' '!bprnnol;.of tnis^v,orld's',enjoyment, .but^.pf '/the ;contemplation;;of;the, heavenly, home ? ?into which, jwithoutprasunvption, but with ?'?'?.???-. ; ^loving \trust, they may hope ; to '? enter; if '?they have conscientiously'striven'to live in V^s'kccordance with the rules set1 by the Divine ??:'.^-'*/i?6under of Christianity.— Truly yours, ?'' ! ; V;^V Amicizia. 