A Pack of Cards. Cards are so often described as the devil's book, that the following defence of them will be read with interest : — A simple sen tence, but you do know bow much know ledge this little sentence contains ? Listen, and I will tell you. Many years ago, during the reign of Charles VL, card-playing was tirst introaaeeu into * ranee, ana Decame so tiie rage and was carried to such an extent that it was for a time prohibited. Society was divided into four classes, called castes, and each of these castes were repre sented by the four different suites of cards : First — hearts of churchmen, from the French caeur (heart), called gens de ctewr at chairmen. Second — spades or pike heads, and represented the nobles. Third — dia- monds or square stones represented the workmen, fourth — clubs or clover leaves indicated the peasantry. Nor is this all, for ioesiwt the ace remind you there is a God? The Deuce — of the Father and Son. The Tray — of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. The Four — of the four evangelists who preached, Matthew, Mark, Luke and John. The Five — of the five wise virgins who had their lamps trimmed. The Six — 'In six days the Lord made heaven and earth.* The Seven — 'On the seventh, day the Lord rested.' The Eight — of the eight righteous persons who were saved when God destroyed the worll — Sbafe, his wife, three sons and their wives. The Nine — nine lepers were cleansed by our Lord. There were ten, but nine gave thanks. The Ten — of the ten commandments handed down to Moses. The King—oi the great King in Heaven. The Queen — of the Queen of Sheba, a wise woman, who visited King Solomon, and took with her fifty girls and fifty boys, all dressed in masculine attire, for the King to tell which were boys and which girls. King S3lomon sent for water for them to wash, and as the girls washed to the elbows and the boys to the wrists the King soon judged. Counting the num ber of cards to a pack, there are 62, equal to the number of wfeks in a year. There are four suits — the number of weeks in a month ; and last, twelve picture cards in a pack, representing' twelve months in a year, and on counting the tricks, which are thirteen, the number of weeks in a quarter. So you see that simple sentence not only contains a history, but a bible, almanac and common pr-»yer- book. Notice of Rekovai-. — W. Zirnpel takes this opportunity of tfnuifring bis numerous friends and patrons for past favors, and begs to inform them that he has removed bis Furniture-factory Warehouse and show rooms to more commodious and suitable premises in Hay-street, west, Mr. H. S. Trigg'e buildings, next to Mr. Ralph Stone's drapery store. W. Ziiapel's chief aim will be to execute all orders he may be favored with to the entire satisfaction of ihe public, as he has hitherto done, whereby be trusts to merit the continuation of their favors. All orders received by post or otherwise will receive his careful and prompt attention. — Advt. 