A BLACK GHOST. % Daring a residence of two years in India, I, Fred Martin, made many acquaintances amongst the natives. I had gone to India through sheer curiosity. I had brought letters of introduction to many Englishmen who held either high Civil appointments or were in the Army. I had been an inmate of the Great Eastern Hotel for a week before I presented a single introduction to anyone. The morning on which my tale begins I had chartered a gharry, engaged a babu, whose English was of the many syllable description, and had told him to see me to 26, Park-street. " The sahib is not acquainted with this city?" said my dark companion, showing me his dazzling teeth. I confessed I was ignorant, and only intended to pass through India. " The sahib is travelling for pleasure and not for commercial recompense pursuits. The sahib will see much to astonish him in India. If the sahib requires an interpreter and an informanter the sahib has only to engage his devoted servant." . We had arrived at the house, and the syse or groom was standing at tho door watching for my card. A minute after, he returned and said with a low salaam, " Memsahib salaam dire." " Ah," said the babu, " the lady will receive you." The lady I had called on was one I had known when she and I attended schools iu St. John's Wood. I should never have recognised her—she had more than matured, while I considered myself far from being a middle-aged man. " Do you remember when last we met at the ball given by the Jacksons in the Eyre Arms 1 You were mad after spiritualism, ghosts, dreamers, and fortune-tellers ?" "I do; that was the last time we met. I went to Australia then, and you got married." " Yes," said she, " that wet Ascot Cup Day was the day that changed my life. The ball I speak of took place a week before, and I was engaged to be married to Captain White. Do yGu remember V " Perfectly," I said. " I believe Captain White is dead!" "Yes," said she. "Do you know the whole day I had a strange and unaccountable presentiment that I should never bo .Mrs. White. I seemed half stupid, and regretted I had ever gone to the races. A gipsy came to the drag and insisted on telling my fortunes. She told Captain White that before a month was out he and his sweetheart would have parted, never again to meet. Captain White said to mu with a laugh, " She does not know how tw read between the lines, does she ?" The old woman drank a glass of champagne, and then looked at me. I felt suddenly turned to stone, and I heard as I thought a voice saying, 'You shall never marry Captain White. A month and the turf will flourish over him.' " I remembered nothing else; they told me I had fainted, and that the woman had murmured, ' How she loves him,' and then had gone on her way rejoicing to tell truth or lies to anyone who was anxious to hear or willing to listen to her prognostications. That night I could not sleep ; the wretched woman haunted me, and seemed whenever I closed my eyes to point at a tombstone on which his name was clearly painted." " I remember saying to you at the ball that I believed you believed in ghosts, and your reply was—' For heaven's sake chauge the subject.'" " We were to be married in a week, when his uncle, Lord , telegraphed from Scotland telling him to pay him a visit before be was a married man. As Captain White was his ancle's heir he went. He caught cold, and was dead in two days. His sojourn in India had impaired his health, and it was believed that damp sheets brought on the fever." I listened with attention. She was greatly moved. " Before I heard of his death that woman presented herself to me, not in person but in spirit, and pointed to a tombstone. For months I was ill and saw no one. When on the day after his death I received a telegram, papa having opened it, I told him the contents without reading it. I knew it only too well. Since then I have been yearning to come across some one who is interested in ghosts, and who will study with me as to spirits, apparitions, forebodings, and other mysterious matters. You know, I suppose, my husband was a fatalist, and died declaring that he was being transmigrated into a horse ?" I waa not aware of it. I was under tho impression that my hostess was the wife of a military man, not his widow. " My ayah is a medium, and I often get her under control. She told me last night that a gentleman I had not seen for many years would call to-day; 6be actually pointed you out in the album. I said it was impossible, but she held it true, and made me promise her bachsheesh if yoa came." I looked eagerly at my hostess, and speculated as to whether she was in her right senses or not. The ayah was summoned, and entered salaaming. A conversation ensued between them, of which I could not understand a single word. The servant then left, and the lady addressed me. "I am going to aBk you a strange thing. I would ask no one else to do it, for they would think I was mad. Will you come to ' the haunted tank' with mo to-night 1 I dare not go alone, and can ask no one else to accompany me. You will see real manifestations, and she, my ayah, has promised to bring me a message from my husband about some property." I agreed to go, and rising, promised to return at 7 o'clock, dine with my old friend, and then escort her to " the haunted tank," wherever that was. When I got to tho gharry I found the driver asleep on his box, the babu asleep in the gharry, and the saces asleep at the back. The durwhan (or doorkeeper) of the house aroused the sleepers, and I returned to the hotel and found letters from England awaiting me. That night at 7 I was back at Parkstreet, and by ten minutes past knew that my friend had a capital cook. How nice Indian snipe are, and how much better all drinks taste in India to what they do anywhere else! It was cool weather, and I regretted I had not put on a thicker dress suit, and also brought a wrap with me, especially as we were evidently going out ghost-hunting. When dinner was over the clock-hands pointed to half-past eight. A few minutes after we were in a closed brougham going to " the haunted tank." " What makes this place haunted ?" I enquired. " I'll tell you. My late husband bought the property on which tho tank is. He thought that it would he healthier for me, and being a little out of Calcutta intended to improve the place with the money he saved by living there instead of right in town. When I came and saw the place by daylight I was delighted with it; the flowers, trees, and house were like fairyland. Wo lived very happily here, but one day my husband was called away, and I was left alone. I had only been two months in India. I had no English maid, or any white man or woman, friend or foe, in the compound. I felt awfully lonely, and could find nothing to interest me. Music, reading, painting, and needlework —I tried all, bit the time hung wearily, and by sundown I was thoroughly tired. I had dinner alone, and hardly tasted a thing. After dinner I wont and sat in the verandah, and thought of the old days and old familiar faces. I don't know how long I remained thinking, but suddenly I heard a splash, and felt a chill take possession of me. I jumped up and saw a strange figure rising out of the tank close to where I sat. I called for the ayah, but could get no answer. I ran indoors and rang the bell. The little Hindustani I knew left me, and I remained speechless ringing the bell. Although we always kept a large number of servants I could find none of them. I dreaded going either to the right or left. My heart was thumping, and my breath was hard to draw. I was a long distance from any Europeans, and the path down the compound I knew had often been crossed by snakes. I resolved to run for it and take my chance. I had to pass the spot where I had been sitting. I crept to t.he window, and just as I reached it, and looked out, the figure I had seen came out of the water, turned round and glared at me. Without further thought I flew down the road and was soon in the street. Hundreds of natives were there in gangs, some playing on their tom-toms, others bickering over bargains, while others were smoking their hoockchas. Once in the street I was surrounded by natives. A carriage coming along dispersed the crowd, and seeing it was not a gaudily painted one I thought it must contain a white man. I ran and looked in, and the man inside shouted out to his driver to stop. " The next thing I remember was being attended home by by two English ladies. I had fainted, and Dr. Jattenton had taken me to his homo. I soon got round and told them of my unpleasant experience, The servants had all left me as soon as dinner was over. I was very frightened all that night. " Next morning early Dr. Jattenton drove me to the place my husband had bought. All the servants had returned and were doing their work in their naturally sleepy way. My ayah threw up her hands and mutfered some words when she saw me which I heard meant something like ' Thank Gjd she is all well.' The doctor called all the servants and threatened them all that they would be cut in their wages. " My ayah he then instructed to pack all my clothes and bring them to his bungalow. He then told the meu that they were not to leave the place until their master returned. " I spent a few happy days at the doctor's, and when my husband returned he was not a little vexed to find me away from home ; but when he heard what had occurred he swore to be revenged on the servants. " Whether it was the fright I got there or not I do not pretend to say, but I became ill, and had to be ordered home for a y6ar. When I returned to Calcutta, as my husband knew he would be often away for a few days at a time, he resolved to take a house in Park-street, and live there, and sell the other when opportunity offered." " The haunted tank property, then, does belong to you still V " Yes, I am sorry to say it does, and it is just now that I have an opportunity of selling it. He paid fifteen thousand rupees for it seven years ago, and all I can get for it now is seven thousand." The carriage stopped at a gate which was opened by a native, '.~ho made a very profound salaam. We drove up the road, and stopped in front of a long low bungalow. A few men were sitting huddied together. The lady ordered them about, and one of them lighted the lamps in such a slow manner that I could scarcely refrain irom kicking him. The ayah whom I had seen in the morning now appeared, her arms cjvered with bangles, her fingers loaded with silver rings. The room in which we were was a splendidly designed one, stone flooring, pictures hung on the walls, bronzes and marbles were on the sideboard. There was an air of neglect about the entire room, and the servants all looked disgustingly lazy. After taking a walk through the house we returned to the dining-room. The ayah was busy asking my friend some questions about me in a most earnest manner. I always have been a good judge of character, and after the ayah had ceased her gesticulations, I said, " That woman is a rogue." My friend was indignant, and declared she was no such thing. " Well, where is the ghost ?" I asked. " I'll show you where it was when I saw it rise." We were in the verandah, aud I noticed no servants were there. The carriage had gone round to the back, and was waiting for us; all of a sudden the ayah, who had been gazing about in an owlish manner, raised a cry and uttered strange words, and ran away. Immediately afterwards a splash was heard, and I saw a head rise out of the water. The lady was holding my arm tightly, and I felt her heart beating bard against it. Slowly ind Blowly the figure rose up, and now I could observe a white muslin or capra was over the figure's shoulders. There were steps up which the figure slowly came. " Let go my arm for a minute," I whis- pered. " No, no," said she, pressing it all the tighter. The figure had now reached nearly halfway up the steps. I heard a noise behind me, and on looking round, to my surprise saw the house in darkness; all the lamps had been put ont, or gone out, I knew not which. The figure was now on the top step, aud would have either to come my way or return to the water. There was enough light to see the figure, but as to what it was like it was impossible to arrive at any conclusion. I slipped my arm away from hers, rushed at the figure, and putting out both hands, came in contact with something more substantial than ordinary ghosts. A hideous yell came from the black ghost, who lay on one of the steps. I went down the steps and kicked him to reassure myself once again that he was flesh and blood, though black, and for every kick I gave he gave a grunt. My friend called for a lamp, and one from the carriage was brought. She had a good look at the black ghost, and shortly afterwards we returned to Park-street. where we had a nice little supper and a hearty laugh over the black ghost. tcalled the following day and found my friend's ayah had brought a message from her late husband. The message was to sell the property on which was the so-called haunted tank. I laughed at this, and once again hurt the feelings of my friend. " I have every confidence in my ayah. I am sure she is a medium, for however could she know you would come and call on me the day before yesterday t" This was indeed a dark mystery, and one seemingly that would be difficult to clear up. But cleared up it was, and in rather a peculiar manner. The hotel servant I had as bearer had been in the habit of setting my things to rights, and had come across my book of addresses of friends. He had seen the name of my Iriend, and her address in Parkstreet, and had taken it for granted that I would be sure to call there some day. He was somehow related to the ayah, or knew her, and knowing her mistress was possessed of extreme views, he told the ayah my name, and described my appearance to her. He had actually stolen one of my photographs and shown it to her. She had recognised the face as being like one in her mistress's album and had taken a shot at it, and had been successful in making her mistress believe she was a medium. Some months after I discovered why the tank was haunted. A native owned land on either side of my friend's property, and knowing she had been frightened once by a native who had been bathing iu the tank; concluded that he would get the property from her at his own price. How many natives were to receive backsheesh from the zumeendar (landowner) should he get the land he coveted for R7000 I never could find out. The ayah was to be made well off for life. The ghost was to get RIO, and many others were to be remembered. The zumeender did eventually g*t the land, but not at his figure. What had cost £15,000 seven years before changed hands at £40,000. One fine November day at the Cilcutta Cathedral a widow lady changed her name from to Martin. The coloured ghost is often alluded to, and the ayah has been left to deai in spirits and mediumship alone. 