"colonel quaritch, y.c. A TALE OF COUNTRY LIFE. By h. eider haggard, Author of " King Solomon's Mines," " Allen Quateumain," "Jess," " She," die., Ac, Now First Pudlibued. ! t All Eights Reserved. CHAPTEE XLII.— (Continued.) Shs did not know— how should she ?— that at that very moment hot prayer was being answered, and that her lover was then, even as ho prayed, lifting the broken stone and rovcal- ing tho hoard of ruddy gold. But so it was ; ho prayed in despair nnd agony of mind, and the prayer carried on tnc won wings oi mo night brought a fulfilment with it. Not in vain'wero her tears and supplications, for ovon now the deliverer delved ninong "Tho dust and awful treasures of tho dead." and oven now the light of her coming happi ness was breaking on her tortured night as the first cold gleams of the Christmas morning were breaking over the stormy fury of the void without, . And then, chilled nnd numb in body and mind, alio crept into hor bed again and at last lost herself in sleep. By half-pnst 9 o'clock, when Ida came down to breakfnst, tho galo hnd utterly vanished, though its footprints wore visible enough in shattered trees, unthatcliod stacks and ivy torn in knotty shoets from tho old walls it clothed. It would hnvo been difficult to recognise in the cold nnd stately lady who stood at tho dining- room window, noting the havoc and waiting for her father to come in, tho lovely, passionate, dis- hovoiled woman who some few hourB before had thrown herself upon hor knees praying to God for the succorsho could not win from man: Women, liko nnture, have many moods and many countenances to express them. Tho hot (it had passed and the cold fit was on her now. Hor face, except for tho dark hollows round tho oyes, was white as winter, and her heart was cold as winter's ice. Presentlv her father came in. " What "a gale," ho said, "what n gale. Upon my word I. began to think that the old placo was coming down about our ears, and the wreck nmong tho trees la dreadful. I don't think there can have been such a wind einco the time of King Charles I., when the top of tho tower was blown clean off tho church — you remember I was Bhowing you tho entry about it iu tho registers the other day, tho ono signed, by the parson and old Sir James do la Molle. Tho hoy who has just come np tells mo that ho hears that poor old Mrs. Massoy's aumracr-houso on tbo top of Doad Man's Mount has boon blown away, which is a good riddance for Colonel Quaritch. Why, what's tho matter with you ? How pale you look." - " Tho gale kept mc awake. I got ycry little Bleep," answered Ida. " And no wonder. Well, my dear, yon haven't wished me a merry Christmas yot. Goodnoss knows wo want ono badly enough. There has not been much morrimont nt Honham of late years." "A merry Christmas to you, father,' she said. "Thank you, my lore, the same to you ; you hnvo got most of your Chriatmaso hoforo yon, which is more than I. have. God blesB mo, it only seems like yesterday since the big bunch of holly tied to "the hook in tho ceiling thore fell down ou the breakfast tahto and amashed all the cups, and .vet is more than CO years ago. Dear mo I how angry .my poor dear mother was. Sho never could bear tho crockery to bo broken — it was a littlo failing of your grandmother's, " and ho laughed more heartily than Ida had hoard him do for somo weeks. She made no answer but tmsiod herself about tho tea. Presently glancing up bIio saw lier father's face change. Tho worn expression came back upon it and lie lost his buoyant bearing. Evidently a new thought had struck him and sho was in no great doubt as to what it was. "Wa had bettor get on with breakfast," lie said. You know that COBsey is coming up at 10 o'clock." " Ten o'clock ?" she said,- faintly. " Yos. I told him ton, so that we could go to church afterwards, if wo wished to. Of course, Ida, I atn still in the dark as to what you have mado up your mind to do ; but what ever it is I- thought that ho had hotter once and for all hear your final decision from your own lips. If, howovor, you feel yourself at liberty to toll it to mo as your father, I shall he glad to hear it." She lifted her head and looked him full in the face, and then paused. He had acup of tea in his hand, and it was hold in the air half-way to his month, while his whole face showed the overmastering anxiety with which he was awaiting her reply. " Make yonr mind easy, father," she said, " I am going to marry Mr. Cosjey." He pnt tho cup down in such a fashion that he spilt half of the tea, most of it over his own clothos, without . oven noticing it, and then turned away his face. "Well," he said, "of course it is not my affair, or, at least, .only indirectly so, but I must say, my love, 1 congrutulato you on tho decision which you have cotiio to. I quito understand that you have been in some little difficulty about tho matter ; young women often have been betoro you, nnd will bo ' again ; hut to ho frnnk, Ida, that Quaritch business was not at all suitable, either in age, or fortune, or in anything elBe. Yos, although Cossoy is not everything that one might wish, on the whole I congratulate you heartily." "Oil, pray don't," broko in Ida, almost in a cry. "Whatever you do, pray don't congratu late mo!" Her father turned round again and looked at hor. But Ida's face bad already recovered its calm and he could make nothing of it. " I don't quite understand you," ho said, " those things are genurally considered matters f or congratulation." But lor all ho might Bay and all that ho might nrgo, in his mind to tiio coutrary he did, moro or ' less, nndorstand what her out burst meant. He could not but know that the exclamation was the last out cry oi n broken spirit. In his heart he realised then, if he hnd never clearly realised it before, that this proposed marriage was a thing hateful to his daughter, nnd his conscience pricked him sorely. And yet — and yet — it was but a woman's fancy — a passing fancy I She would become reconciled to tho inevitable as women do, and when hor children came , She would grow accustomed to her soi- row, and her trouble would be forgotten In their laughter. And it not, well it was hut ono woman's life which would ho affected, and the very existence of his race, aud.tha very cradle that had nursed them from century to century wore now at Btake. Was all th'is to he at the mercy of a girl's fancy? No ! lot the individual suffer. So lie argued. v And so nt Ills ago and in his circumstances most of us would argue also, and, perhaps, . considering all things, wo should ho right. For in this world personal dosirej must continually give way. to the welfare of others. Did they not do so our system of society could not endure. No more waB said npon tho subject. Ida made pretence of eating u piece of toast ; the . Squire mopped up tho tea upon hie clothes and then drank somo more. . Meanwhile the remorseless seconds crept on. It wanted but five minutes to tbo hour and the hour would, she well know, faring the man with it. The five minutes passed elowly and in ilence. Both her fatherland herself realised the nature of tho impending situation, but neither of them spoke of it. Ah I there was i the eouod of wheolB upon the gravel. So it had come. Ida folt like death itsolf. Her pnleo lank and fluttered ; her vital forces Boemed to cease their work. Another two minutes passed and then tho door opened and tho parlormaid came in. " Mr. Cossoy, if you pleaae, sir." " Oh i" said tho Squire. " Whero is be ?" "Ill tho vestibule, Bir." "Very good. Tell him I will bo there in a minute." ' Tho maid went. " Now, Ida.'.' said her father, "1 suppose wa bad better get this business over." " Yes," she answered, rising j " I am ready." And gathering up her energies, she patted ' out to meet her fate. ' CHAPTEE XLIII.— Georq is Been to laugh. Ida nnd her father reached the vestibule to find Edward Cossoy standing with his face to "the mantelpiece and nervously toying with some curiosities upon it. He was, as usual, dressed with grent care, and bis face, though pale and worn from tho oifects of agitation of mind, lookod if anything bundiomer than ever. Ae soon as be heard them coining, which owin to his partial deafness ho did not do till they ' were quito close to him, be turned round with a start, and a sudden flush of color cams upon his p&lo; face. The Squire shook hands with him in a solemn sort of way, liko people do when they meet at a funoral, and Ida barely touched his out stretched fingers with her owns A fow random remarks followed about tho weather, which roally for once in a . way was equal to to tho conversational strain put upon it, but at length thoso died nway and there catne au awful pause. It was broken at length by ; tho Souiro, who, standing with his back to tho firo, .his eyes fixed upon the wall opposite, uftcr ; much humming aud hawing, delivered himaclf thus— "I understand, .Mr. Cossey, that you hnvo . come to hoar my daughter's final dcclnlon ou the matter of the proposal of marriage which you havti ruado aud renewed to her. Now, of course, this In n very important, question, Tory iinportaut indeed, nud it is ou© with which I cannot presuunt even to seem to Interfere. Therefore I buU without comment leave uiy . daughter to speuk for herRolf." "Oueiooment before sho does so,1 "ho inter rupted, drawing indeed ,hut a poor augury of -. ifiucssa from Ida's Icy looks. "I have come to tenew my offer' hnd to tako'my lal aoswer, nnd I beg Miss do la Molle to consider how dcop aud sincoro must be that affection which has endured through so many rebuffs. I know, or at tho least I fear, that I do not occupy tho placo in her feelings that 1 should wish to, hut I look to time to change this ; At any rato, I am willing to take my chance. As regards money, I repeat the offer that I have already made." ' "There, I should not any too much hbout that," broko In tbe Squiro, impatiently. " Ob, why not ?" said Ida, in bitter sarcasm. "Mr. Cossoy knows it is on© of tho best. argu ments with our sex. I presume that as a pre liminary to the renewal of tho engagement, tbe pcraccution of my fatlior, which is being carried on by your lasvver, will ceaso ?" "Absolutely. " And' if tho engagement is not renewed tho money will of course bo called iu ?" "My lawyerB advise that it should be," lie answored, sullenly; "but see hero, Ida, you may make your own terms about money. Marriage, after all, is practically a matter of bargaining, nnd I uin not going to stand out about tbe price." "You arc really moat generous," went on Ida, iu tbo pamc bitter tone, tho irony of which mado her father wince, for ho understood hor mood better than did her lover. " I ouly regret that I cannot appreciate the generosity moro thau I do. But it is at least in my powor to give you tho return which you doserve. So 1 can no longer hesitate, but once and for all And sho stopped dead, and stared at the glass door as thoufh she saw a ghost. Both lier father and Edward Cossoy followed tho motion of hor eyes, and this was what thoy saw. Up tho steps camo Colonel Quaritch and Georgo. Both wero pale and weary looking, but tbo former was at least clean. As for George, this could not be said. His head was still adorned with tho red nightcap, his hands wore cut and dirty, aud on his clothes was an un limited quantity of encrusted filth. ".What tho Sickens " began tho Sanlre, and at that moment, George, who was leading, knocked at tho door. " You can't como in now," roared tho Squiro ; "don't, you sco that wo are engaged ?" " But wo must como in, Squire, begging your pardon," answored George, with determination, as he opened tho door, " wo'vo got that to say as won't keep." "I tell you that it must koep, sir," said tho old gentleman, working himself into a rage. " Am I not to be allowed a moment's privacy in my own house ? I wonder at your conduct, Colonel Quaritch, in forcing yor.r presence upon mo when I toll you that it is not wanted." " I am sure that I apologise, Mr. de la Molle," began the Colonel, utterly taken aback, "but what I hnvo to say is " Tho beat way that you can apologise is br withdrawing," answered tho Squiro with majesty. "I shall bo mosthappy to hear what you lmvo to say on another occasion." " Oh, Squire, Squire, don't bo . such a fule, bepgiug your pardon for. tho word," said George, in exasperation. " Don't go knocking of yonr head agin a brick wall." " Will you be off, sir ?" roared bis matter in a voice that made the walls shake. By this lime Ida had recovered herself. She seemed to feel that her lover had something to Bay that concerned her deeply — probably the read it iu his eyes, " Father," sho said, raising her voice, "I won't have Colonel Quaritch turned away from tho door like that. If you will not admit hint I will go outside and hear what it ie that he has to any." In his heart tbe Squire held Ida in some awe. He looked at her, andfsaw that hor eyes were flashing and her breast heaving and ho gavo way. >k Oh, very well, since my daughter insists on it pray come in," ana he bowed. " If such an intrusion falls in with your idoas of decency it is not for mc to complaiu." "I accept your invitation," answored Harold, looking very angry, " because I have something to say which you must hear, and hear at once. No, thaulc you. I will stand. Now, Mr. de la Molle, it is this, wonderful as it may seem. It has bceu my fortuuo to discover tho treasure hidden by Sir James de la Molle in the year 1G43." There was an universal gasp of astonish- ; ment. " What ?" said the Squire. 11 Why, I thought that tho whole thing was a myth." " No, that it ain't sir," said George with a melancholy smile, "cos I'vo seen it." Idrt had sunk into a chair. "What is tho amount?" she asked in a lovr eager voice. " I have been unable to calculate exactly, but, 9poakiug roughly, it cannot be much under fifty thousoud pounds, estimated on the value of the gold atone. Hero is a specimenof it, nnd Harold pulled out a handful of rials and other coins, and poured them on to tho table. > Ida hid her face in her hands, nnd Edward Cossey, realising what this most unexpected development of ovents might mean for htm, began to tremble. " I should not allow myself to be too much elated. Mr. De la Molle/ lio said with a sneer, " for even if this tale he true, it is treasure trove, and belongs to the Crown." "Ah," said the Squiro, "I never thought of that." "But I have," said tho Colonel quietly. "If I remember right, the last of the original de la Molles left a will iu which ho specially davised this treasure hidden by his father to your an cestor. That this is the identical treasure I am fortunately in a position to prove by tbia parchment," and he laid the writing that he had fouud with tho gold upon the table. "Quite right— quito right," said the Squire, " that will take it out of tho custom." " PerhuDB the Solicitor to the Treasury may hold a different opinion," said Cossey, with another sneer. Just then Ida took her hand from her , face. There was a dewy look about her eyoB, and the Inst ripples of a happy smile lingered around the corners of hor mouth. "Now that we' havo heard what Colonel Quaritch had to sny," she said in her softest voice, and addressing her father, " there is no reason why wc should not finish our buiinoss with Mr. Cossey." Here Harold and George turnod to go, but elie waved them back imperiously, and began speaking before anyone could interfere, taking up bcr speech where she had, broken It off wben she caught sight of the Colonel and George coming up the steps. " I can no longer hesitate," she said," but once aud for nil I decline to marry yon, Mr. Cossey, aud I hope that I shall never see your face again." At this announcement the bewildered Squire put his hand to his head. Edward Cossey stag gered visibly and rested himself against tue tabic, while George murmured audibly, " That's a good job." . " Listen," said Ida, rising from her' chair, her dark ey es Hashing as tho thought of all tbo shame and agony that' she had undorgoiio roae up within her mind. i4 Listen. Mr, Cossey," and she pointed her fiuger at him, "this is the history of our con nection. Some months ago I was so foolish, takiug you for a gentleman, as to ask Your help iu the mutter of the mortgages, which your bank was calling in. You then practi cally made terms that if it should at any time be your wish I should become engaged to you and I, haviug no option, ac cepted. Then, In tho interval, while it was inconvenient to you to enforce your rights, I gave my affection elsowhere. , But when you, having deserted the lady who stood iu your wav— no, do not interrupt me, I. know it, I know it all, I know it from her own lips— came forward aud claimed mv promise, I was forced to assent. Then a loophole of escape presentod itself and Y availed myself of it. What fol lowed ? 1fou again became possessed of power ovor my fathor and this place, you insulted the man I loved, you resorted to every expedient that the law would allow to tortnre my father and myself. You set your lawyers upon us like dogs upon a hare, you hold ruin over us, and again and again you offered me money, as much money as I wished, if only I would sell myself to you. And then you bided your time leaviog despair to do its work. "I saw the toils closing round us. I knew that if I did not yield my father would be driven from his home in his old ago. and that the place he loved better than his life would pass to strangers— would pass to you. No, father, do not stop me, I will speak my mind. "And nt last I determined that cost what it might I would yield. Whether I could have carried out my determination God only knows. I almost think that 1 should have killed myself upon my marring© day. I made up my mind. Not five minutes ago the very words were upon my Hps that wonld have sealed my fate, when deliverance camo. And now go. I have dooo with you. Your money shall be -paid to you, capital and interest, down to the last farthing. I teudor back my price, and knowing you for. what you are, I— I despise you. That Is all I havo to say.".. ' 7. . . " Well, if that bfeaut a master one," ejaculated George, aloud. ' ' ; Ida, who had never looked more beautiful than she did in this moment of passion, turned to scat herself, but the tension of her feeltngs and the torrent of her wrath and eloquence had been too much for her, and she would have fallen had not Harold, who h'ad been, listeulng amazed to this overpowering outburst of nature, rah up and caught her in his arms. (To be Continued-) 