A DUEL AT C4VLFIGLD. RIVALS IN LOVE. We have been favoured with tbe details of a duel, happily without a serious ending, the out come of a social iorident. Many difficulties be set oar attempts to gather the accurate facts of the adventure. Tbe gentlemen immediately concerned were the only persons in possession of them, and for reasons easily to be conjec tured they carefully guarded their secret. The first act of the realistic melodrama took place at a ball which was given some little time since by a certain wealthy citizen in his mansion at Toorak. Gay was the -gathering, merry was the mirth of the assemblage — at least of the greater part of it, which was collected in the ball-room. Bnt at about a quarter to I o'clock, whilst the comedy of life was being enacted in one room, a more serious scene was being played on the other side of its wells. Several of the gentlemen — amongst whom was a certain popular Civil Servant — twu aujuunini w a eiuc wuuuuer mj uiuiuge ui the combined pleasures of a cigar, a nobblec,and achat. As they were so employed, a young barrister joined them excitedly, and singling cut the Civil Servant, whom we will call C , he addressed him angrily. "Sir," he exclaimed, 41 yon have insulted me. I demand an apology." O , rather nonplussed at first, bnt cool, after a few momenta consideration, calmly replied, 14 1 do sot understand you, my dear fellow." " You know that yon danced with Miss last waltz, and you also know that for that dance she was engaged to me." 44 1 know nothing of tbe kind," retorted Mr. C , warmly. 44 Then, sir, you are a liar and a cad,' shouted the barrister hotly, 44 and your lady friend is a fit companion for yon," saying which he turned to leave the room. Bat O was infuriated. He sprang after his retreating rival, and catching him fay the coat collar be swung him round so that he faced the as tonished and somewhat amused onlookers. 41 Hold, sir," exol&imed; he, 44 for what you said of me I care nothing, but yon have insnlted a lady. Now I want no apology." " Apology be d 1" returned the now red- faced lawyer, in Deerhurst fashion. " Then there Is an insult," said C.a furiously ; and, -pulling out bis glove, he struck his rival across the face, releasing his hold on his gage and letting it fall to the ground when the force ot the blow was spent. Then, pointing to it, be said, with cutting emphasis, 44 Return your answer with that !', With which, and C.'s immediate withdrawal from it, the excitement of the scene cooled down. The resnlt was that a friend of the barrister's — a captain of militia — «wa.« tiivw; » ki>wc, wua waivu was oil- dosed tbe glove to C— — . asking him to name a friend. The reply to this referred the cap tain to a lieutenant 0f artillery. All the neces sary preliminaries for a duel with pistols were arranged. A spot half-a-mile behind the Caul- field racecourse vu the scene fixed upon for the affair, and 5 o'clock on Sunday morning, the5th inst, was the time. The eventful day dawned. After a dewy night the morning broke fresh and balmy, and the fields behind Oanlfield heath glistened in the light of the red and rising sun. One spot, marked by a lightning blasted gum-tree, looked particularly picturesque. lake the ghost of an age gone by, the huge grey giant of the forest stood solemn in dead and gloomy nakedness, whilst clustered aronnd it there swayed gently to and fro in the balmy breeze fresh, young, and green saplings, which, iu their contrast to the gloomy gum, appeared like youth learning tbe lesson and viewing the experience of age. Soon the quietness and solitude of the scene were disturbed ; but so softly as to almost do nothing bnt to emphasise them. Two horse men had ridden silently np across the velvety grass, and the remark of one of them, " This is tbe place, O ," waa answered with a sign of assent. They had hardly dismounted and tied their hones to a tree than a dog-cart, drawn by a pur in " tandem " style, and containing three occupants joined them. Greetings of a frigid politeness were exchanged' between the members of both parties, and then the seconds — captain and lieutenant — withdrew, leaving the principals — the banister and O — - — standing separated with a score of feet between them, and additionally divided by the doctor- surgeon, who was stooping down over a case of instruments. The conference of tbe seconds, which included tbe examination and loading of a particularly fine pair of duelling pistols, was brief, and then each joined his principal Both principals underwent a similar preliminary pre paration, each stripping himself to his trousers and flannel shirt. If the scene was pretty be fore these living actors appeared upon it, it was particularly picturesque now. The barrister, who was then perhaps on the threshold of the end of a brief career, was pale, and he stood nervously fingering the handle of his weapon in the vicinity of its accurately adjusted hair-trig ger. C- — was calm, and a slight smile played about his face. Both are handsome men, and they looked splendid specimens of their race, as they stood there then, each with his second at hie elbow. The surgeon sat on a stump a safe distance off, and the horses, oblivious of the varying passions which were swaying within the breasts of their masters, grazed quietly and happily by. An artist would have made bis fortune had he faithfully reproduced the picture on canvas. As though by mutual consent, the seconds led | their principals towards one another, and when they met they placed them back to back. ThuB they were standing when the surgeon spoke " One," said he. Not a move. " Two !" said he. A stillness of death. " Three 1" aaid he. The rigidity of rigor mortis. " March !" said he. And, simultaneously, the men, pistols in hand, paced off each with the left foot. It had been agreed that each principal wss to walk twelve paces, at second intervals, and then torn and fire— one shot. As they walk those paces, which to either might be the last .on earth, the excitement which agitated the quartette of men was in tense, and even tbe (tomes seemed to feel it, for they looked np from their grazing, and gazed with wondering eyes on on the deathly silent scene. Ten 1 Eleven ! " Twelve 1" Both men turned exactly at once. C calmly, and only half ; the hamster sharply, and fully exposing hia whole front. \- " Crack !" went the lawyer's shot into the empty air. " Crack !" followed C '« like an echo ; and down, with his right hand clasped to his side,fell the barrister. His second and the surgeon 'were soon at bis side, and it was with sighs of relief that they discovered the wound to he only through the biceps of the left arm, in a horizontal line with the heart. "By Jove ! a close shave," said tbe augeon. "Yes, by gad !" replied tbe second. The bullet was easily and almost painlessly extracted, end when the barrister recovered from hia shock, he waa able to satisfy his rive, by a faint smile, that he was not seriously wounded. Wine and flasks were produced from the dog -cart, and with graceful gravity and polished dignity the five gentlemen " buried the bone," and ere the bell of a distant convent called its holy inmates to matins, the solemn domain of the peaceful gam and sapling was undisturbed and undefiled by the banefol presence of bellicose man. Sneh ia a n nnexaggecated nooonnfc -of the affaire d'honneur as it hs« been described to u. From inqmriee whrchTwe have made from 'day to day we learn that the gentleman who was wounded is now almost completely recovered. We are certain thai onrdisdlosnrein thisparticn- lar instance will cause th'e question of tile desir ability -of tbe resurrection of duelling to he widely distyased- Suoh a discussion must only lead to a -confirmation of 4he 'wisdom' of the action of the late Prince Consort in suppressing duelling in the army/which step was the (bin end of the wedge which finally completely abolished the practice from the realms of the British Empire. ' A confirmation of this kind will be usefnl, for in this we have begun to recognise that sentiment must be subordinated to sense, and with the latter term — with pence — "the Jaw "mnst ever be synonymona. In conclusion, we feel bound to tell onr readers that althongh they may surmise upon some of the points of our narrative, we do not feel that we will be able to satisfy their sur mises. This in particular refers to the names; of the actyra in the drama ; , they are of well- known people, and they have beem for 'obvious reasons, withheld.—: Bentid. ' 