Miscellaneous. Tho following items are taken from our English papers to hand : — The Queen is said to be enjoying the spring-like weather of the Isle of Wight. She spends much of her time out of doors, and during one of her recent drives passed through! West Cowes and Newport. xne yueen nas sent a gold and diamond locket, con taining her portrait, to the infant daughter of the parish minister at C rat hie, near Balmoral. The child has been named Alexandrina Victoria. The Queen is to have some permanent memorial of the Women's Jubilee Offering in addition to the Prince Consort Statue and the Nursery Institution. The ladies if the committee contemplate presenting her Majesty with a. pearl necklace— one of gTeat size and beautr having- been prepared by a Court jeweller. The ex-Empress Eugenie will visit the Queen during her stay at Florence. The ex -Empress is said to have been greatly affected by the removal of the bodies of her hus band and son, smd her health ie causing anxiety to her tnends. The daughters of the Prince of Wales being of mar riageable age, Parliament, it is said, Is to be asked to eettie upon them their portion. balHii Brus^hy°r °f London was entertamed at a Court c,ntfand for £100,000. Owing to the dangers attending the lfe of such a monarch no one office wns willinir to run the risk. Sevr-ral companies have, however, decided to assume the responsibility jointly. Her Majesty, having been so often applied to of late by the mothers of triplets, ordered her secretary to inform a Leigh applicant that ' there is no such thing as a Queen's Bounty. It is merely a charitable donation granted to those who are in poor and indigent circumstances, to assist them to meet the unforeseen demands caused by the unex pected addition to the family.' Sir Henry James has been preseuted with the freedom of the Coopers' Company. Mr. Balfour has been the guest of the Queen at Osborae. Mr. W. S. Caine has reached London on the completion of his journey round the world. Mr. Kuskin has entered upoa his 70th year. The rich costumes worn by the Queen of the Sandwich Islands during her Jubilee visit to England have been de stroyed by the native ladies, .who are indignant that their Sovereign should have given herself up to the follies of fusIi iomt We London. Lord and Lady Granville are becoming anxious about their son, Lord Levison, who swallowed a half-a-crown while conjuring at Christmas. Doctors think they may have to perform a dangerous operation. A gold cross pendant, inlaid with pearls and rubies, stated to have been worn by Mary Queen of .Scots, was sold al an auction in Edinburgh for JE55. An enormous whale was seen in the English Channel off the South Foreland. A performing elephant died from the effects of the severe weather at Plymouth. A bittern has been shot in Yorkshire. A 6kate seven feet in length was landed at Kirkwall. A terrified stag, which was being hunted by the Royal buckhounds, made for Windsor Castle, and actually jumped through a glass window into an apartment used by the Queen. Here the animal, which slightly cut itself, was captured. A thunderbolt, which fell at Brixton, having been analysed, was found to consist of 40 per cent, of iron, 40 per cent, of sulphur, and a little lime, nickel, and silica. The Great Northern Railway Company are now running carriages lighted by electricity. A dyna'mo, with accumu lators, is placed in the guard's van, and is driven from the axle of the train wheels. At the Lieutenant's drawing-room, in Dublin, one of the carriages was lit by electricity. Four lamps were used, two inside and two out, and supplied by a storage battery. A 'ghost' which had nightly terrified people in a village on the outskirts of Shrewsbury, has been effectually laid. On Sunday 50 villagers set out with sticks and mis siles, and succeeded in effecting a capture. The ghost was none other than a farmer. His captois chastised him severely, and he was only released on his handing over £5 for the local infirmary by way of compensation for his folly. A hamper was handed in to the guard of a train at Don caster, ucidressed to the stationmaster at Midgley. Upon being opened it was found to contain u living infant wrapped in flannel. The baby was sent to the work house. The Crystal Palace's prospects have brightened during the past \aar, though the profits have been less. The gross receipts amounted to £115,313, and the expenditure £102,037. The season tickets sold numbered 12,896, nnd nearly a million of people were admitted by payment during 1887. The 25th annual exhibition of cage birds has been opened at Sydenham. The entries numbered 2113, the highest on record. The native birds included a Cornish chough, a grasshopper-lark, and a number of nightingales. An American mockingbird attracted much attention. The forthcoming Glasgow International Exhibition is to be the largest in the United Kingdom Bince 1862. The electric light in the grounds will be equal to 1,100,000 candles. The Queen Mary Exhibition, proposed to be held in Edinburgh, will be transferred to Glasgow. The King of Italy has decided to interest himself in the taiian Exhibition to be held next year in London. Volunteer field-days will be held this Easter at Ports jQOuth, Dover, and Eastbourne. Small-pox is spreading in Lancashire. So intense is the cold in Canada that the spray from iS iagara was frozen, forming a complete ice bridge ia front of the Fulls over which persons have passed. Shocks of earthquake were felt about Birmingham and Coventry and in the Scottish Highlands. About Inverness beds are said to have been rocked, furniture moved, crockery rattled, clocks stopped, and many who were awakened ex perienced a sensation resembling sea-sickness. The shock, which lasted over a minute in some parts, was accompanied by a loud, rumbling noise. Leap year dances, in which ladies usurp the privileges and responsibilities which naturally devolve upon men, are beginning to be held in London. The Mies'take the gen fieinen down to supper. A large vessel laden with coal caught fire in Liverpool docks through spontaneous combustion, and had to be sunk to save the cargo. Some fires occurred at a hospital for crippled children in New York, resulting in the suffocation of several servants. A. little girl, aged 11 years, one of the inmates, on being wrested, confessed that she had deliberately caused the ires. Lord Courtney was twice bankrupt, and for debts amount ing to £120,000 he paid Is. in the pound. He again owes £6000, and this time has no assets whatever. Mr. Fiiz George, son of the Duke of Cambridge, was sued or £3, the value of a caBe of champagne which was left at his house by mistake. A gentleman while fishing near Derby was gored by a bull. He sued the owner of the bull for damages, but the County Court judge decided against him, because he had not proved the vicious character ot the animal. In the Ap peal Court a judge has upheld this decision. A man wrote a letter to his wife which reflected on a third party. The latter brought an action in the Queen's Bench for libel, but the judge held that there was no pub licity given, ' the husband and wife being one in law.' A New York belle, daughter of a millionaire, married her father's coachman. Becoming tired of her boorish husband she fled, and he is now moving the lawcourte to compel her to live with him. An Australian tailor, driving with his wife in a buggy, crossed one of the Melbourne lines, 4he gate of which was open. A train daBhed up, and, while it did not actually strike the buggy, the occupants were much alarmed, ami for the shock to their nerves a local court awarded the husband £342 and the wife £400 for damages. The judg ment was confirmed on Appeal in Australia. Tne matter was then carried to England, and the Judicial Committee have not only reversed the judgment, but ordered tie tailor to pay all tha costs, so that he may be quite ruined as a penalty for having been nearly killed. In Westminster.Counry Court adaughterobteined damages to the amount of £250 from her father, for having slan dered her. Two horses were overwhelmed in a quicksand at South port, and in a short time entirely disappeared. The late Recorder of Folkestone, and a County Court Judge, drew up his will with his own hand, but omitted the most important word. The will accordingly went into Chancery- He left his house ' to my said,' and was ap parently under the impression that he had added the word ?' wife.' This could not be proved, so the house fails to pass into the wife's hands. A lady lion tamer in Dublin had gone successfully through her entertainment and the audience had retired. t She was being photographed with her head in the mouth s one of the lionesses, when, startled by the sudden h S the macnesium light, the animal closed its iawe «!i of was with difficulty that the lady could be draS I bWi- '? from her dreadful position. Her injuries were not ho*P nt; serious. ' *eii Lovers had a quarrel, and the young man sued ♦!,„ i j in the Clorkenwell County Court for the cost of the f ? Y and other presents which she had not returned Tim - *!?** decided in favour of the girl. ' ue ^udSc The Scottish crofters charged with raiding have V sentenced to an average of 12 months' imprisonment p v,U Two women received nine months. Much disapurcbaJ; ' was expressed at the sentences by those who throuired ii court in Edinburgh. b u lUc During the hearing of a police case in London ii « stated thatmen import Italian children into England i them round with musical instruments, and live bv' th earnings. ' The sham heiress has received a year's imprisonment. A heibalist in Salford, who was suffering from an absr - on the brain, poisoned his wife and six children, and th committed suicide. When found all were lying dead A man murdered his wife in Whitechapol through if lousy, and while being toi lowed by a crowd killed hiinJ'ii in the street. ' At Liverpool a man attempted to set fire to his family A man in good circumstances, aged 79, is ohameJ m Swinford, with killing his wife with a flat iron H?s .!,;', was 77 years old, and they had been married nca'rlv f» years. ? w The two dynamiters have been sentenced each to 15 VPir-- penal servitude. - The proprietor of an hotel in San Francisco, the lar^i in the world, married a wife in his dotage! After hi. death a fortune was spent to settle whether she was lesmllv the deceased's wife. The coutts have decided in her favour, and she thus becomes entitled to some millions During the trial and arjpeals she and her lawyer Krewsn interested in each other that they became man and wife before the case ended. A diabolical sect is causing some trouble in China. The members murder children, and abstract their brains to us.' as medicine. A society for the protection of children in America com plained that the child pianist, Josef Hofiuan, was'bein' cruelly overworked. He was accordingly examined at tho Mayor's office in New York, and while it was declared that his health had not suffered, his performances are to be less numerous. The Jute Baron Stern, who recently died in London leaves £3,641,366. * ' Herr Krupp, the gunmaker, left over a quarter of a mil lion sterling. The late Mr. Jessop, the steel manufacturer of Sheffield who gave a hospital to the town, died worth £656,419. ' Miss Caroline Heathorne, known as the 'Maid of Kent,' has just died at Maidstone in her lOuth vear. She remembered going on board the Victory before that vessel sailed for Trafalgar. Mrs. Mary Hunttr, of Hovden.has also died m her 105th year, and her age is well authenti cated. Mrs. Birch, of Wamngton, who had beeu a widow for over half a century, hus died in her 101st year. At Buda Pesth a man attempted to commit suicide al the age of 84, because he was no' lonsrer able to keep his. father and mother, of the respective ages of 115 and 110 years. The Pope's special blessing has been asked for an Indinn Catholic priest, of California, eaid to be 140 years old. The week's obituary includes :— Mary Howitt, ibe poetess, aeed 88; Mr. West, aged 94, who uidUc his dibit.1 as an actor 86 years ago; Sir Henry Maine, Professor of International Law at Cambridge; Admiral Eden, aged 191; Mr. Webster, who was contructorfor the Thames Embank ment; Dr. Dyer, of Bath, author and historian, Hi; Mr. Tenant Caird, a famous Greenock shipbuilder, who began life as a poor lad ; Mrs. Oliver Wendell Holmes, wife of the American writer ; Sir William Johnston, flip geogra pher, ex-Lord Provost of Edinburgh, who was knighted during the Queen's visit in 1851, aged 83; Lord George Quain, aged 9G; Sir John Soame, the oldest baronet, Si. 