ARIUS THE LIBYAN. AN IDYL OF THE PRIMITIVE CHURCH. ;v; BOOK I. Ghasteb VIH— Who is Hapi?— lContinoei.\ 'Thereis another,' eaid the ancient, 'which iB conclusive to my mind that the doctrine of thy scriptures is as I have stated it. In Genesis it is written that God said, 'Let us make man in our own image;' and also it is written, ' Male and female created He them.1 It seemeth to me that this 'image' and 'like ness' hath a deeper signification than the mere similitude of man's character to that of God can convey. God is a Bpirit, according to Utesa scriptures, and no resemblance can be imagined between human beings and Him in regard to physical constitution. So far as the characters constituted the ' image and lilrnnaaa,' the books show that it would include only the 'first man UU UUD AUD BUU UUU UUO A1 WHMSL UU llUS UU1BC ( But the words are generic; ?'?as' and ' our1 the triad on one aide, and * man' (that ia 'male and female/ the human race) on the other, and X ~BuppoBe~tbB ' image and likeness* spoken of ia one found in tha essential nature of nun, in his constitution and relations, 'Fat as in heaven, so in earth ; in both the trilogy m« elude* Father, Mother, Son, Trinity is family; and the essentUl point of the image - and likeness between the human and the divine BubeiatB in the f act that human nature neces-i Banly fixists as » triad— father, mother, son g just as the divine nature must do. Thia seemeth to me to be the only ground from : which it is .possible to predicate divinity of , Jesus Christ without involving the wsole. Christian' system .in the mazes of poly theism; for if he be divine otherwise than - in this fact of generation, there moat ba more than one God. In strict accordance with - this view I have observed that in those nataona : which we ignorant of this famiwiwn aspaot sE '?? the deal god, wives are degraded—are mere chattels, mere slaves; in others tibatQjkeEigyptY :. recognise the divine feminine nature, buthoja ^' that she is inferior to the masculine element of ' this dualism, wives are tolerated, are not shut j tip in seclusion, are not more . slaves and! { chattela;whileamongtheChriBtiansalonewhat hold the absolute equality of Father antiSpitit, : womanhood iB glorified and made honorable £ , . and Jesus himself elevated marriage almbst,'i£ '?- not altogether, into AreligfotwetonaaaBV' v ?* The news you preseot leem'very like fua / truth,' «ftffi flie boy mtuingly,' ^? and they ns certainly stand -enough to be^jtruB. Bat they ' are entirely new tome, andl ?£?*! not fail ta give them snob, .study and meditation ae mj - Bense of the magnitude of the subject Involved - may demand. I have never heara any discus-; eion upon ihenatnre of the relation^ the tiaed nenonfl^otir-Qbiiatuaifeilogy.' : ? - '.'J think,' gyfl the «Mppt, ' thon wilt find thaJitis^meremiHtake to suppose'that there . are three; 'for the sacred books teach me that there-areonlytwo, the Father-Ghost, or doubla God, bnt ow only ; and the Son- of this one God. THie .perfecteet flowera in nature ara fiArrwaphiyi^jtpp.' ' . ' ?^BriVwpt thoo inform me whether any per' feet, seli -producing creature, possessed of animal life, hath ever been discovered T' 'Never^ awirered-ttie anoieat. 'Tha partial iwlwatinn of jmch aoocditioa, the rare approximations thereto, which, have been curiously noted by jSgyptian priests for can' turiesandmyriadsofye&ria;, iiajro&eeB; uni versallB regarded bb a defomityjunlnot as a perfection. Yet the priesthood *fiy tbst the fact was per fectly realised, acoardiag-tD Moses, in the casa of the first man^fpjjthe :nrst woman was not created aa the msAwas^hut proceeded out of him ? and the account given by Aloses aftec^ ward Tnpn.TiB just 'that.' Z could Bay many things upon this matter indeed, but for tha fact that the oath of secrecy, taken at every stepof hie progress in the naaerdotal life by every Egyptian prieet, was vast and solamn; intended! to cover bis whole future life, and secure hia silence under every possible mutation of hia own fortune. The sphinxes, with wide-open eyes and seated lips, and faces that areinaeni* table and calm, revealing nothing tiiatmnTht show a trace of any paaaion, emotion, thought, or purpose, and yet fail of i«i^«Hig«n«« -mrf power, are the perfect symbol of the Egyptian priesthood ; and I know not just how far the&3 obligations are binding upon me.' 'I will not question «hea'aatd Arias, 'but will endeavor to. profit by whatever thoa mayet be at liberty to declare.' ' Thou mayat some day find nse for the fact that waa well known to the priesthood, wha were the repository of all knowledge in tha land of Eem, that in the embryonic or f aatal life, both in animals and in man, there iaabsoj lutely no distinction of sex. Up to a short §eriod piior to its birth it is impossible to etermine whether the offspring will be male or female, from which fact it seems to follow that sex ia not a primary or essential function of animal existence, but dependent upon oon ditionB during gestation which centuries of investigation have failed to disclose. Dostthou remember how bitterly the sacred books of the Israelites, from Moses down, denounce Baal and Ashtaroth and the star-god Remp&an;, and all the secret rites of the national religions ot all other people except their own, the JSgyptdans included ? Hast thou observed that many of the ceremonies which other nations practised as put of religion are denounced by Moses as crimes puniehablewithdeath? Hast thouobeerved that throughout the Jewish scriptures, and! especially throughout the Pentateuch, there are bitter and vindictive laws and customs de vised for the express psrpoBe of segregating tha Israelites from all other peoples, for building tip, » it were, a wall of partition between them and all other nations— and this, notwith standing the fact that it would have beep natural and right for Moees and his people, if they believed themselves to be in possession of the truth, to seek to impart that troth to others, and so procure the universal accep tance thereoH Hast thou marked the fact that the missionary spirit, which was the gforjF of every other religion, ao as to create con tinual wars undertaken for the sole purpose of forcing other peoples to adopt the religion of the conqueror, was constantly repressed by the Jewish laws and branded as a crime 2 Ana haet thou ever reflected npon the real signifi cation of these facts 1' 'Yea,' answered Arias, 'and I have been taught that God, by Moses, so commanded the Jews in order to preserve the peculiar people from being seduced into following after strange gods, and adopting the idolatries whieh were everywhere believed in. For the idolatries thou haet named, and every false religion which bad for its symbol a moon, a eow, a cock, or any symbol intended to indicate the fecundity of Nature, was only the worship of that very mystery of sex of which thou hast spoken such strange things, the deification of laeciviousness, the apotheosis of eensoalisoi,' ' They finally became eo, indeed,' said Am* nem-hat, sadly, ' when the original truth be came thoroughly corrupted ; but it waa not bq in the beginning. For if thou wilt keep in mind the fact that the original faith of every primitive nation held the true Gpdto be a dualism that was to become a triad by the generation of a Son ; if thou wilt remember, that this Son was also held to be Hani, ' tha hidden,' 'the concealed,' 'the unrevealed.'evea ' as auto this day the high- priest of every temple in Egypt will declare unto thse ; aad, con sideling these thing?, thou wilt not surely sag that the grand roll of Egyptian priests, stretching back for more than thirty centuries of recorded history from this age of oars, were all mere sensualists. On the contrary, thott wilt eee in these singular rites and ceremonies, even in their present degraded form, the signs and symbols of a deathless longing io the hearts of that Brand, pure, holy race of Bacred pneats» and of a search prosecuted over land and sea, through heaven, and earth, and hell, during all the fruitleeB and slow-gliding centuries, by every art, science, aad resource known to men —a longing and a search after Hapi, 'the Bidden one,' 'the concealed son,' ' the unra vealed Saviour,' for whom the whole creation groanetn-a sublime spectaole, sad and grand enough to move a god to pity ! For while the crowd see only a splendid pageant in that annual festival in which, with torches and with magnificent display, the priests and the whole population at Memphis wander over the city, the river, and the lake, seeking in earth, and fire, aud water, for the dismembered body of the dual god, thou wilt find among them aged, pure, sad, learned men, who see in the same grand spectacle the perpetual memorial of their world-old search for Hapi, 'the con cealed ;' and, if thou couldet gaze into their shut, silent, sorrowful hearts, thou wouldst see all the faculties of soul and spirit exhaling in a yearning prayer that he might come ! and Bt the gate of every temple thou wouldst find the priestly symbol, the Sphinx, the sleepleas jvateber, cut out of imperishable stone, 'gazing right on with calm, eternal eyes, till Hapi come !— for such iB the true signification of Hesiii-Hes, whom the Greeks call Osiris-Isrs ! And even in the later and more degraded worship of the bull god Apis, while the common crowd see only the apotheosis of sensualism, as thou has called it, in the fact that when a new Apis is discovered, devout woman at Memphis, during forty days, expose themselves stripped naked to the gaze of the sacred brute, the sad faced priests realise that the endless and un availing search to discover Hapi, 'the concealed,1 had sometimes been prose cuted by unlawful means, against which Moees, in the Jewish scriptures, denounced the penalty of death. And the period of forty days was purposely chosen in order to cover by a few days, in both directions, a lunation of the moon ; for the worship of the moon-god univer sally connected the lunations of that planet with the sexhood of women. But thoa wouldst greatly err if thou shouldsfc believe that in its original, undegraded form, this worship was sensualism ; for it began with some new effort to wring out of the mystery of sex the secret of Hapi, ' the concealed' ; and was glorified by the fact that it was part and parcel of the weary, world-old search after him! Oh, will lie ever come?' Then the boy sprang to hie feet, to the very , lips of his toes, his right haai vibrating, his Jiead erected and bent forward, his dark eyes gleaming with mesmeric light, hia whole form and face glowing with passionate and quivering emotion, and he cried aloud, *' Thou art picus and aged and learned. Thou teachs&t; me much. But I will also teach thee some thing. As surely as thou lirest, HapL the iuddtoE, ?whom thou callest the deaire of all nations, hath already come in the flesh, and his Same is Jetus Christ,' 'Perhaps so, perhaps so,' said the ancient mournfully. ' But tne priests of Kern, daring the pest three thousand years, often imagined that they had fonnd him, and as often met with fciiter disappointment, The Sphinx still watches with unwinking gaze for the solution of the mighty problem, and the old are difficult to convince.' Sot at that moment Theckla burst in upan them flushed and viry with her romping with the goats, cry kg out, 'O sacred Hapi, I am so hungry and so tirr-i.'1 Tasa the old man spread out a linen cIj^q o(wc **r table, and, at his desftre, Anns and Th-ck a, placed thereon the table-ware and the dainties taken from the basket -which the boy bad brought, while he took from a little spring nigh his lennitagB a jar of cod, refreshing goat's milk ; and they three did feast right joyously. Chapter IX,— The DEMOCBAcr of Faith. It was indeed a singular thing to hear, the usual conversation of those young people about religious questions upon which the greatest minds of subsequent ages have spent their force without exhausting them ; but it should be remembered Chat everything like exact science was then in its infancy ; all that waa actually known of medicine, Chemistry, geology, geometry, geography, botany, aud even of mathematics, could be very quickly learned ; and around this narrow limit of ascertained truth spread a boundless wilderness of vagrant speculation, in which the seeker after learning might wander a whole lifetime without ever being Sable to add one angle valuable fact to the stock of knowledge; so that religion, whether 'Christianity or paganism, was uni versally regarded as the one thing that might most profitably be learned and known; and education even from ; infancy consisted in acquiring the knowledge of it, and this educa tion waa among the heathen chiefly objective, handling the visible, tangible symbols ol a superstition which possessed only the most meagre elements of subjective truth and power, except; perhaps for the higher priests who had been initiated into mysteries unknown to the common people, while among the Christians the process was almost reversed. Christianity had no objective life, except in the person of - SeeuB Christ ; and the subjective power which it possessed upon both intellect and conscious ness had no assignable limits, inasmuch as it seemed to make tne martyrs almost insensible to physical pain, and yet could produce a moral sensitiveness so acute, that to be conscious of wilfnl deception might work the death of the t-ody, ae in the case of Ananias and Sappirira when they Sad to Peter about the consecration of their property to holy uses. This educa tion among the Egyptians, especially among females of the higher (Basses, waB chiefly oral, but among the Christians the young were taught both orally and by the written text. One of the strangest and yet most logical xeeclts of the Christian teachings and practice {and one which has been, for very sufficient reasons, ignored by the theologians) was to de velop a T*ft^a^p-1 artfi T^Trraifflprairt jftTTTg flpjrjfc flf ^ff mocracy throughout the Christian communities or churches. TheeadyChristi^is uniformly held that they, as Christians, belonged to a king dom iwhich was in, but not of, the world— a Singdom for which no earthly potentate had zight or power to legislate ; and this living faith loosened the bond of allegiance and dissolved the Eense of obligation as to all human authority, and was the negation of the law fulness of temporal government over the subjects of the kingdom for which they lecognised no king but Christ. While, for the £&ke; of peace, they were wiljing to .render unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's, by paying taxes to that government under which they lived, and by even yielding ready obedience to all laws and customs which did not come in conflict with the higher law of the kingdom, the rights of conscience, they universally regarded these laws as extraneous to their own organisation, foreign statutes, im xxraed upon them from without; and, being solicitous to render unto God the things which are God's, they steadily abstained from any participation in the affairs of government, and ?quietly assumed the right to judge for them selves whether any law, regulation, or custom, prescribed by the sovereign power or other tinman authority, was or was not such as they 3night conscientiously obey. And while they Would no more have thought of holding office under pagan rulers or of participating in their legislation and government than they would iiave thought of accepting the priesthood of a neathen temple and participating in its idola trous worship, they obeyed all laws alike, except such as conflicted with conscience, and these they refused to obey in the very face of persecutions, torture, and death. But this fearless assertion of the rights of conscience necessarily involved, the right to sit in judgment upon all human laws and the powers that ordained them, and to determine for them selves whether the law was lawful. That help less spirit of blind obedience to the decrees of despotic governments which characterised the pagan peoples was, therefore, impossible to the Christians. In the very teeth of universally ?established law and custom they steadily re fused to bear arms, to own slaves, to seek any legal redress in civil courtB, to follow tbe law of their domicile in regard to the ownership of property or' the succession to es tates of the deceased, just as they refused to sacrifice to the gods, or to call any man master. Under tbe same lofty conception of the rights of conscience, in lands where women were bought and sold like cattle, they refused to practice polygamy ; and in lands where female chastity was unknown and plural wives and concubines were esteemed to be the insignia of lionor and influence, they clave fast to that monogamic marriage which Jesus bad elevated into a holy sacrament; and while throughout the world women were regarded as slaves, as domestic chattels, or at the very best as an inferior race and a necessary evil, so that the birth of a female child was looked upon as a household calamity, the- Christian faith that the Holy. Ghost conceived Christ before he was born of a virgin and manifested in the flesh, glorified and exalted the dignity of woman hood and maternity, and created the idea of personal responsibility, rights, and duties for both sexes alike. The logi cal tendency of Christianity was therefore to originate tbe idea of personal liberty for all men. unknown to the world before ; to re pudiate the heathen doctrine of the divine character and right of . kings ; to sit in Judgment upon their laws, and to intelligently obey, or refuse to obey them ; in a word, to cultivate and exercise, as a matter of religious faith, that spirit of personal independence, both of action and of thought, which we in later times denominate democracy, the con crete form of which wa-? the election of deacons, presbyter*, and bishops by the people onto whom they ministered. But thiB habit of independent thought did not tend, *s in later times, in the direction of ecclesiastical schisms, because if any one embraced a doctrinal error either it was main tained by him aB an individual opinion, or, if a mistaken zeal led him to proclaim it publicly, and eeek thereby to bind the consciences of other Christians, the matter soon came to the knowledge of the churches, and when the church assembled to eootider the alleged error, the Holy Paraclete directed the counsels of the assembled bishops and presbyters, so that their deliverances were infallibly correct, and were universally accepted as final. So that during the first three centuries no bere»y. could survive the condemnation of a Christian council, and no learning, zeal, and genius could give to' heresy such vitality and power as to seriously threaten the peace of tbe Church. Even Peter could not force the ob servance of the tite of circumcision upin the free Christian communities ; and the bere.sies of Menander, Oerinthus, Nicolauo, W.en tiniup, llaicion. Tatianus. Blaatus. M'intaiiu*, Artimon, and others, perisbed almost aa noon. as they bad been condemned, (To be continued. ) 