DUDAUMAN (continued.) The following notes of part of the district along the proposed railway extension bv an 'old familiar hand,' should be of interest: — I next visited the property of Mr. E. J. Curry; than whom a more upright or worthy fellow does not exist. Brought up to a life of industry, and inheriting a noble dis crimination of meam and tuum, in which self is the least important factor, I was not far astray on a former occasion when I said that "his word was his bond.' No shuffling; no subterfuge; but all fair, square and above board. These are rare qualities ; and it is, therefore no wonder that their possessor, in this instance, is held in the highest respect by all who know him, and that means a lot. Host Mr. Curry has been settled here some 12 or 13 years, and came originally from the coast. He is a native of the north of Ireland. He is a man of much practical intelligence and breadth bf thought, broadly liberal in his views, with a stern sense of justice and truth, in a word with most of the virtues and none of the vices of his unfortunate country. To sub due the land he had made his home, and render it entirely subservient to the plough was, with a limited exchequer, a taste requiring indomitable pluck, perse verance, and determination. This he has accomplished; and, at the present moment, between 200 and 300 acres are under crop. A new homestead is about to be erected here of stone. The site chosen is a really fine one,, commanding a grand view. The plan of the house is an admirable one, and it will be a commodious and convient building with the special advantage of possessing two frontages.. Music is cultivated here also, a new and sweetly toned piano adding pleasure and refinement to the other attrac tions of this comfortable and happy home. I was present the other day, and was much edified by the clever manipulation of Miss Adeline Curry, who reflects considerable credit of Miss Plowes' tuition. A clever boy, George; about ten years old, also treated us to a piece of self-taught playing which was quite a treat, as was also his sing ing in company with his sisters. Another member of this family, Lily, is perhaps for her age (seven years old) as smart a child as could be found in the district. My notes would be altogether incomplete if 1 omitted to say that Mrs. Curry, who has recently been very unwell is the very embodiment of a good mother, and no higher tribute can be paid to any woman than this. I was at Mount Hope also a day or two recently This is the nursery of indus try, and indolence finds no foothold here. Ploughing and sowing were in full operation, and I found Mr. and Mrs.. P. Harrold as genial and as warm in their welcome as any of their compatriots could be in that beautiful isle where the song tells us "the grass grows green '? Tlsle, Mw Harrold possesses a fund of natural i'.- wit, su#nnedby a large, varied, and unique coloniaPexperier.ee ; and he has a clear and , an accurate remembrance, of the. starring . f' events of 40 or 45 years ago, 'the same as if V1 the occurrences only took place yesterday. To write his life and experience during this' period would be to produce a word- picture of the men and times, the convicts, the blacks, the bushrangers, &c;, that might , .make a fortune for the author. But I have '? i neither time nor space to go into details here further than' to state that Mrs. Harrold at one time, in the 'long ago,' had £1,500 * '? hidden in the fowl-house under a hen's, nest for six months. Couldn't send it to the bank _- _ — — 'for fear of bushrangers. This will give some '-'?idea of the tales that could be told. Mr. ' 'Harrold is credited with an unlimited amount of self-sufficiency, blunt candour, and un swerving independence of character, but Underlying this brushness the true and v warm-hearted Irishman is to be found, whose love for his country is as sacred as it is for ''' the Being who made him, his family and his home. There are between two and threej hundred acres of land under cultivation^ ?h ?' ' The already commodious homestead is beyig (?-. enlarged by the addition of another wing, V which will greatly add to the capacityjand * ''comfort of the home. Jp : Miss McNamara is still at Ironbung, . - 'teaching the young idea how to shoot,' ' *? or, more properly speaking, preparing the \- '- ybungsterB of that quarter for ?? the battle of '- hfe.' In this she has been eminently successful, and is a general favourite with old and young. If this were not leap year, I could have supplied a short word after the * -word 'young' that would have materially altered the complection of the previous sentence ; and, perhaps, have caused a sigh .to ascend heavenward from the environs of Lagoon creek. ' ,1 have not yet had an opportunity of , ^visiting Mr. George Curry, but from all I : ; ' ~ hear he is doing well and rapidly gaining in . ,! weight. Since I was here laBt, Mr. Walter Curry's /,, Lagoon creek property has vastly improved_ -in the matter of clearing; and presents the ij appearance of a vast wheat field, a large area '.being now under crop. As one of the i- , pioneers of this quarter, Mr. Curry has had to 'struggle hard against adverse seasons, 'bush fires, and all the other drawbacks; but .thrift, industry, and perseverance have at ' ' length crowned his efforts with well deserved ?f 8ucces8. , I believe it is Mr. Curry's inten v tion shbrlly to build a new homestead some ' r ; where ne'ar)the, late residence: of Mr. George \- jOurry and inclose proximity to Mr. E. J. ^.Gurry's farm. ; j.w Kyogle is still to the front as a rich '„? . agricultural area. Mrs. and Mr. 'William * . rMcOlintock are still as universal favourites [ '?' .as ever, abd everything goes along as happily . as a marriage, bell. Olareville (Mr. M. Hallinan's) will largely ' ; ' BWQll -the; granary of the district this harvest, all thingsbeing equal. There are between , 300 and 400 acres under crop. It is needless .- to say that I felt myself at home here when the genial host (every inch a true Irishman) exolaimed 'Welcome to an Irishman s home !' It was a friendly greeting, and I am sure it was genuine. The neat garden ? which surrounds the home betrayed con- , siderable attention; but, notwithstanding this, I missed one fair flower, which was recently transplanted to another garden near Gootamuudra. I hope the soil may prove eminently congenial, and that many young shoots may testify the fact, and bring health, prosperity, joy, and gladness to the parent flower. There are, however, some choice flowers here still— some fairly well developed, whilst others are just budding into beautiful existence. A choice exotic, recently brought from Goulburn, now adorns the_ place, which lends such a sunshine and brightness to the home as if to make amends for the loss of the other flower, which was known far and wide as the ' Pride of Clareville.' 1 have not seen Mr. John Davis's farm yet, but hope to do so soon. However, I know that a lot of clearing has been done, and as sterling industry is the main charac teristic of the place, I am sure a very large area must be under crop. By the way, lam ?told that a costly and magnificent Eonisch piano, recently found its way thither ; and » if this fact does not speak for itself, I id hot know what could. It is a move in the right direction and worthy of imitation by several farmers whom I could mention. It speaks of taste and refinement, and should be a source of delight to every home. Twelve months ago pianos were as scarce in this neighbourhood as 'angel's visits;' but since Miss Plowes gave practical evidence that the joy and the gladness of music might be enjoyed by every one, music has become the rage, and nearly every home now possesses an instrument. I think some of our young ladies will yet be heard of in the musical world: I sincerely hope so, and trust that little ',' Goldie' will develop 'into a star of the first water. Last, but not least, in the series comes Mount Pleasant. This is the home of friend ship. Belonging to the true old style, it would be hard to find a more genial couple than Mr. and Mrs. Eearns ; and those who have once been present at any of the; socials which regularly take place here will bear me out that no more enjoyable affairs are to be found. The last, some months ago, is said to have excelled all the others in point of numbers and loveliness. I was at a distance when I read what purported to be a descrip tion of the ball, and was literally amazed at his selection of ' belle.' Had I been here, there would have been a different tale to tell. Balowrie hotel is still in the same geuial hands, and Mr. P. Hallinan still . keeps 'whisky in the jar, and more behind the bar.' I was very, very sorry for his poor little son, who was so dreadfully burned a short time back. During the momentary absence of his guardian, he fell into the fire, and it was a miracle he was not burned to death. The brave little fellow managed to drag himself out, but not until he had received frightful injuries to both hands. The fingers of one ; hand . were literally roasted off, while 'the other was greatly injured. It must have been a cruel blow to the family, especially to the mother, who was confined to her bed at the time. The. pastoral and agricultural show is fast approacmng, ana I am glad to note that Miss M.Kearns is already pieparing for the 'blue ribbon.' I wish her every success, and mounted on that superb black steed, 'Killarney,' she should be very near the front. There is one thing quite certain — Miss Kearns is a bold and fearless rider, and her confidence and bravery are only excelled by the ravishing loveliness of her personal attractions. : Another ball is on the tapis, and as a word to the wise I may be pardoned for reminding bachelors that ladies' dresses are not got for nothing, and that it is a disgraceful thing to attend these places without gloves. If this hint is not obediently observed, I may be compelled to refer to it again in a more pointed manner ; but I hope sincerely that this may not be necessary. I have already exceeded the limit of this paper, so I must leave other matters to auother time, such as ' The man under a lady's bed,' 'The stolen slipper,' 'The lap dog Nickodemus,' 'Leap year love letters,' 'The ghost at the supper table,' 'The wedding cake dream,' 'The card party and the female cheats,' together with several other kindred subjects. 