DICK DOWNER'S DISENCHANT. MENT - Dick Downer was inclined to make a fool of himself about his pretty cousin, Mrs May. blossom. Notwithstanding that she had heartlessly jilted him, his devotion to her seemed rather to increase than diminish. He could. not, of course, ignore the fact that she had treated him most scandalously; 'but his mild resentment faded away to a vanishing point when it became apparent that his cousin's marriage was likely to prove an un. happy one. Captain Mayblossom seemed a good fellow enough in his way; but however a good fel low a man may be, if he is absolutely devoid \- of income and expectations, he is not'a desir able helpmate. No doubt when she eloped with him, Ada Mayblossoni had counted upon being;able to win back the indulgent affectionkof her adopted parent, Dick's father; but,-great as her influence had been over the old man, she soon found that he was vindictively implao able. Not only was this so, but old Job-Downer wa`s furious with his son for what he con sidered his want of spirit, proper pride in de fending his cousin after her treatment of him. Old Downer was never tired of denouncing his niece in terms in whick poor Dick could not; sit by and listen to without indignant remonstrance, whereby he not only irritated his father, but innocently helped to dissi pate the remotest chance of effecting a recon. ciliation between the two. In spite of his father's protestation, Dick was a frequent visitor at the trim little villa in which his fair cousin and her pauper husband resided. Being a simple-minded individual, he might have gone there fifty times without ever suspecting that Black Care was perched astride the gable. The house was daintily, even expensively, furnished; the living was excellent, for the Captain was particular about his food, and had the reputation of being one of the best iudges of claret in London; while the domes tic affairs generally were well ordered, and showed no signs of parsimony. Dick, however, was soon initiated by his cousin into the secret of impending trouble, and sympathetically shared with her the dis mal apprehensions which it involved. To most people--who, by the way, had a pretty shrewd suspicion of the extent of the Captain's income-little Mrs Mayblossom seemed entirely impervious to the worry of pecuniary embarrassments. She was always well-dressed, cheerful, ani mated and fascinating. But to Dick, in their confidential tfetd-t~tes, she confessed that her affected indifference was but a mask to conceal from the world the anguish which tortured her. She contrived to make Dick acutely sensible of the misery of a life of debt and false appearances, supplemented by worse than uncertainty regarding the future. Pretty Mrs Mayblossom had enemies, of eourse, and these did not hesitate to insinuate that she deliberately worked upon' her onusin's feelings for the sake of getting money out of him. It would have been nearer the trut-p Iaps, had they suggested that Mrs May blossom's motive was to touch indirectly, through Dick, the adamantine heart of her. uncle. At the same time it must be owned that she did get money out of Dick, and took it with a very faint show of scruple. Dick would willingly have parted with-the last farthing he possessed in the world to spare her a moment's uneasiness; but, unfor. tunately, the assistance he could render was of a merely temporary nature. Though nominally a partner in his father's business, his income was but that of a poorly paid clerk, and the old man, knowing, his son's simple habits, and no doubt suspecting the destination of his pocket-money, turned a deaf ear to all suggestions of a ' rise.' For his own part, old Downer refused emphatically to contribute a single farthing to the support of his erring niece and her husband, and manifested so unforgiving a a spirit that aft3r a time Dick abandoned, as absolutely hopeless, the ungrateful task of appealing to him. Meanwhile, naturally, things went' from had to worse in the Mayblossom menage ; creditors became clamorous, friends grew lukewarm and chary ; and the procuring of the commonest necessaries of life involved ingenious but humiliating subterfuges and manaeavres. To complicate matters, there appeared on the lowering, horizon of the future an ominous thundercloud which, when it hurst, would, as Dick feared, completely submerge his poor cousin in her sea of troubles. Dick had noticed of late that Captaini Mayblossom was very. seldom at, home; he gathered incidentally that the Captain dissappeared from time to time, rather mysteriously; and that his manner was changed towards his devoted wife. She, poor woman, made no complaint, on the subject; but the down-cast look, the half-suppressed sigh, the ill-concealed uneasiness when she referred to her husband's absences told the old sad story of neglect and faithlessness plainer than words could speak, Dick was less startled, therefore, 'than he otherwise might have been at receiving from his cousin, one day, a few blotted, incoherent lines, urging him to come to her at once as a terrible grief had befallen her, Without a moment's delay he hastened to' her side, and learnt that what he had foreseen had happened, and that his cousin's husband had deserted her. As he gaged sorrowfully upon her, seeking jn vain for 'words in which to convey, however feebly, his heartfelt sympaithy and devotion. Dick could not help being forcibly, struck by the peculiar villainy 'of the man who had thus wronged her. Poor Mrs Mayblossomn was attired'in a' bewitching teagown of some soft, creamy white material, decked with lace and bright coloured riblbon, and fitting admirably to her graceful form. Her abundant tresses, of aulburn hair fell in wild disorder about her fair neck and shoulders, her blue eyes, mois a with tears, loomed large and bright,' like l'nrs throuoh an evening mist, and her whole attitude Ietokened th:, most, pathetic, grief jud desp--. Dick w'a seized with an access of furious I icim .tiQou at this moving example of Captain Mayblossom's infamy,,and he rose abruptly 1 from his seat with a fierce exclamation.. ] ' What is the matter, Dick ?' exclaimed; his cousin, looking up quickly. ' ' The matter ! That--that -scou6idrel ' gasped Dick, almost beside himself.: ' Hush, Dick! after all he is-he is my husband,' sighed Mrs Mayblossom, gently. 'Yes, but---=. Well; I will- see him, at all events,' said- Dick, endeavouring to con- 1 trol himself. '-He cannot realise the wrong he has done. Besides, he cannot rean,-.-' ' No, Dick,' interposed his cousin, speaking. 1 in a low tone, but with clearness and decision. ' Do not go to him. I forbid it. After this,'she added, holding up the cruel letter her husband had written to her, 'he is? dead to me. But there, Dick, let us, not speak of him ! Only. promise, upon your word of hionour,'in case you should ever meet him, not to lay a fingerr upon him--for my sake!' 'He desernes to be shot,' growled' Dick, between his clenched teeth. : ' The greatest kindhess you can do to me, and my child is to avoid anything that may . lead to scandal. Will you promise, Dick, not to seek my husband !' said Mrs Mayblossom, appealingly. 'Of course, if you insist,' said:Dick, unable as usual, to resist her pleading glance. ' But -hut, what is to be .done ? 'For me and my darling little one, you mean l' Oh! If it were only I alone-if 'it were only I alone !' exclaimed Mrs Mayblos som, with a gesture of despair. 'There is the child, as yog say,' said Dick, gravely, rendered uneasy by, his cousin's ominous exclamation. For her sake, not to mention your own, we must think about.the future. In the first place, do yon intend to apply for a divorce ? ' For my child's sake, no r said Mrs May blossom, quietly, but emphatically. I have fully decided that, Dick.' Somehow this decision grated upon Dick's nerves; but he was too honestly affected about his cousin at the moment to spare a thought about himself. ' How do you propose to live T he next asked. ' What will dear uncle say, when he hears I' demanded little Mrs Mayblossom! abruptly, She looked at Dick so eagerly as she asked the question, that it went to his heart to crush the dawning hope which her glance expressed. But, knowing his father as-well as he did. Dick felt constrained to answer bluntly that even her present distress would" not purchase the old man's forgiveness. 'Poor little me 1.I feared it would-be so,' murmured the unlucky girl, applying her handkerchief to her. eyes. Ho'wever,' she added,'ihriskly, ' I- must not give way, -but remember my child I have made up my mind what to do, Dick.. Five. years ago, when poor dear papa died, 1 left some friends. behind me in Australia, when.I came over to live with uncle Job. Some- of these will, perhaps, put me in the way of earning my own living, if I return among them' ' What ! leave Englanid, Ada !' cried Dick, with a thrill of dismay. ' Yes, Dick.; it will. be.better for. many. reasons,' said Mrs Mayblossom, glancing for a mom'ent at Dick's pained expression, and thenfifxing her - gaze abstractedly, 'upon: the point of her little red morocco.,shoe, which peeped from heneath" her-dires£ ' Besides,' she added, after rather an awkward pause, ' I have no particular reason to feel attached to the old country.', , . 'You will leave- one behind . you, Ada, who ---,' began Dibk,,witli flaming cheeks. 'You are aliways good, mnd kind, and noble, and generous,' interposed Mrs May blossom; hastily,; and I never, no, never ! Dick, shall forget all ..yor goodness. . But my mind is made up, Dickf-?quite madejip; and the only question is, how I am to get the money to carry outmy plans.' ' Money,' murmured Dick, -somewhat, so bered by the introduction of this prqgaio topic_ . . ? - 'Of course. I cannot go without money. SThere will be the passage topay anon tfit for me and pet; and, of course, I. should be un happy if I went without paying myj personal debts, and I should require to have some thing.in-my purse when I land over there, I shouldh't I; Dick Vsaid the practical little lady,'with great aimation, " ' I suppose so,' said Dick, rather faintly. I have.no. doubt I. could, raise ,what you \- wooJd'require.' - ' My dear, .noble Dick,' exclaimed? MIrs Mayblossom, feelinglyj. 'But yonucouldn't youi eouldn't indeed ! You ha~e.inoa'idea what-a sum wiuld be needed?:'r .i And, immediately, little. Mrs Mayhlossom began to checkoff, upon erdslender fingers, a numlber of items which soon reached a very us bstantial- total. Dick? was. considerably staggered- at the amount, and ruefully confessed that it* was far beyond his modest means. The conve;rsation thiereupon took ant, ex tremely prosaic and: practical turn, ..which renders unnecessary a detailed report of it. Dick,;who- could never, withstand hiskfair cousin's humours, was.eusilyJed.to.,abaudon the sentimental aspect of the situation, and to discuss with her, soberly enough, the ima.. portance of ways and means. , :, 2 The result of the interviewi~ was!that, :lav ing pledged, himself to obtain the requisite. funds- to equip his cousin and hercchil. for, the eontemplated voyage, Disk found!himselfi forced to the unpleasant neocity; ofdeliand Sing a cheque from his father. The old man was furious when he, learn't Sthe object of -his son's requeat; andi.there Sensued a scene whicb, but for Di.k's filial for bearance might have ended in complete estrangement. But, on the followingn.morning to hisson's surprise, tld Downer sh6wed siis~f ielent ing, and at length-he said, rather sulkily : '-You aiid I musn't.quarrel:anymore about that -woinan, Dick. She isn't worth it. I've written to Greggs, my lawyer, and told- him Sto ship,her, off to Australia at mny expense.' ',Myidear. father!' cried: Dick,: .immensely, i relieved and gratified. ' -'. You ought to feel grateful,,Diik,for~I'rm Sdoing it entirely upon your account, and not out of sympathy for hIer,' grow?~,the old ' man. - - -" . '" ' i 'She deserves her fate :for her heartless c'nductto you and -me.~ Deserted.byhe~ri Shusbanid, she would· banore'.dqg?erous than4 everover here, and I would mpch sooner she were on the other side of the globe.' - Dick hastened off to inform hiis cQusin: of the success of his mission; and,.though little v -Mrs-Mayblossom evidently did not relish the 4. interference of a lawyer in the business, she,; nevertheless, thanked Dick very warmly and cordially for the service he.had. rendered. . Dick would fain have taken an active part in assisting his cousin to make thenecessary arrangements for her departure,; but, to his great chagrin; 'Mfrs Mayblossom said with r firmness : S'No, Dick, it must not be. In the miser able position of a .deserted wifeI caii0t[lb too circumspect in my conduct. Besides, as my dear, good uncle isr-going to pay all this money for.me.I.mjst not offend.him by occu-, pying hisbnsomatime'. ??. -",, . I ' But, Ada! Will yob not think of me a little ! cried Dick quite plaintively. 'I am thinking. of:yon.e good: Dick.' said Mrs Mayblossom, more seriously than she was about to spriak "'-Yiid"hiMut try and forget me, Dick. 'Forget you,. Ada I never, cn, ever ! MIv heart ,will go witht you over: thei sea; Dried poor Dick. ' No.,:Dick, it will noti',said the:little:lady. fixing her blue eyes upon him for an instant with a strange look of determination. Then she added, lightly, ' You shall-: come and see me off, Dick. 1. want .you to come. But until theni it-must- be a .revoir, ..: She made him -.a, little -curtsey, and then, with a suddeni impulse, 'seized" his hand and kissed it-; Before- poor: Dick could realise ,what he was about, he had fallen on his knees at her feet, 'gi?iig passionate utterance to his frantic= adoration..' . His cousin looked considerably startled for a moment, ,and. then, releasing' herself 4 gently 'but" 'with 'firmness- from' his grasp, quietly insisted upon his'promising not to see her again untl the day of'departure. 'Disk, I feelingconisiderably abashed' by Mrs May" blossom's dignified demeanour, 'gave the re quirediundertaking, .gniltily= conscious that the episode precluded him from questioning a the degree of banishment.,. Dick klept his word,: as in honour bound, but the faot of having, avowed to his cousin the passionlwhicheconsumed. him caused him a to formulate hopes which, up-to that time, he had not" seriously conceived.: Now that Ada Mayblossom's husbandlhad deserted her, might hie 0ot"'legitimately aspire to : possess her . On thei other side of the globe, in a new country, might she not be disposed 'to ie quite his life-long devotioni He would fol low her toýAustralia, to the uttermost ends of the earth, on receiving, a word, a look," th'e slightest sign of '-encourageient ! These wild thoughts and. ideas naturally caused' Dick to anticipate with feverish impatience and anxiety't-reir-next meeting,'with-'which he doggedly declined to associate in his mind the sad word ' Farewell - When the momentous day'i'arrived Dick 'found his cousin awaiting him-at the headi of the gangway on board -the' good ship 'Balla rat.' =She was as pale as himself, but infi nitely less, agitated, and,- after i.-afew words of greeting, she conducted; liim, to her cabin, wher e they could converse-undisturbed:.-'; . S'1 tie a confession to make to yo uDick,' she said, facing him withd: composure. 'I have already moade: nline, bAda,'legan 'Listen to what I- have to say first, Dick,' said his, ?usin, ' before chCould proceed 'You l?lieve -thabt I;am about: to proceedk to Australia-alone.;'-'' ... - -. - Ailslie;spok'e,;MrscMayblossomi, half' -in volunntaly, ,rhailps laid her' hand'lightly upon a, ple of t lggage~iwhich encumbered the bunk beside which she was standing, and Dick rtcog:Rnised, ith istart, a man's hat-box and agun-case.. A ·; .i e 'Is thisyo.ur cabin he- inquired;' tunng pale ' Yes?? it is: mine,.she ~nswered.J ' And ;ithosething "'he interrogatedpquite sternl'y, w8tli aglahne Et" th'el'ompronishing items. : FIi •'I toldoJ0un was-not-golng alone, Dick,' said his~C'ousiny blshmg- sohi ewhiat -'.X hese things belong~- hi?s?Nuiisliand?"2Z 'ToMayblossom,' cried'Dick., ' Ihe going with yo?ni T" ' 'Yes. He is in thel.saloen oiutside. Do you nwish,to~d him' inquired his conusiin, a little sharply' : ': '": 'Are you, then, recohciled., Have..you forgi~en V . said poor Dick.1. - ' ~rihe i nothing to. fo'giv,-- returneii his cousin, lifting.herhandspme head, and look ing athimalittlersoernfully.,, 'j.,.as ever the truest and best of: husbands.':i Youhneer liked him,: and were :evbr ready to believe the worsti. 'Brt the, letterwhich you showeid me,' he criedi reddening. :- :. . ,: ..:. .* ' He-wrote it by my dictation. It· waslmy own "composition saig IMrs Ma lossoni in a hard, voice. ', ' Theo: your.-your: grief, your distress, youd'agitation--' mirniredi Dicki, :: ' Were all assumed,' said Mrs Mayblosi;om nmeltilessly.. 'Myhusbaid heard every word through the folding doors.'. ',. .:.I., '"It' was a trick; then?a plot:" exclaimed poo°r'Dick; bitterly wounded : • " 'Y'es. Dick, ,ittwas.' 1 wasdesperate, and' the only means ~I cculd devise of raising the necessary:money-to enable'us to emigrate to Australia. was by pretendingto be:itja:iosi-' tio?'i;which ,xcited yourl keenest. syj n.at:hy. Thanks to you-for, I am:?stillgrateful;, .Dick -the' mney is forthcoi~ign.' said his consin unflini jiigly ".. i d , ' " . '. scoriyour .gRtitude,Ada,', c?ied?poor Dick withsudden fury ;:.. Ia this: your return for all my devotion '? he added iii ttlem bling vojce., 4,'?iWouldlir a died,for you, Ada, and niowyou :are ot ashamedIt~ confess that,you have nqwniade me a contemptible 'I wantedc tonconvmce youDick, that I amJeartless and:cruel-when ?t?l.Q-o love,' saidihis cousin, speaking inmeasurediadcents, busea. pale as a ghost. 'In' jiistine tii my husknnd and 'to myself, and, foi ihbe of your own future happiness, I hav iiiide this: confession to you.' ':, " .I: ' Yoimighbthave spared- me,:Ada, was all Dick cbuld say, as he b?iened'the'cabin door with a trembling hand. '.'hould have liked to, 1ickr, for ih has be" an unpieasnatitask.' But 1' ad ?liEhers .to considei' hesides,myself, apq, a4tr all, II have Ieeri paid for what 1 don, e 'I PaSid for it ?? gasped Dick.- . . l i ?=zYes; :and- welll paid: See, here. -= ,id, with a little hysterical laugh, Mrs Mayblos som-drew a slip of paper. from the bosom:iof! her dress, and held it tbefore Dick's eyes. ?'.. was a cheque, signqd,byhi aown father, for £b00. The same evening, DickDlowner sought an interview withbhis father inhiss study, and said, almlost fiercely. , 'Father, are you aware .that Mayblossom never deserted his wife at all, and that the whole affair was a miserable conspiracy to get money.. - :.. . . ' You don't say so,'cried the old man, open ing his-eyes in genuine astonishment.. 'That appears to be the case,' replied Dick, rather taken aback. by his father's evident bonafides, ' but What about that cheque for £500 which bore your oignature 7 'She haggled a good deal Dick, with my lawyer aboirt the money she required,' said the old man, looking at his son curiously ; 'and, failing to get as much as she wanted, she came to me and offered, for £500, to-to convince you of the folly of your infatua tion.' 'She has done so, father,'very effectually,' said Dick. 'Then I'don't grudge the money,' returned the old man, as his shrewd eyes.twinkled. STruth. 