T h e North Qarret. BT "BJU9ŒWHB." I am an old bacfaelor. If than is s bnman being whose narres an made- of steeL lam tbat mdividsal. I bava never once bet my presence oKadad. X don't bstieve in ghosts, of oonne. I'm not a awnwational geaws, I bare never been in lavs. Qnee, when I «as flro-and-twenty—no matter bow many year ago—-I thooghttbat I 134a. Apaôr ot orowfreyes,and a bead of golden hair, long, dark fasbw, pat tbe notion into my bead. I lost my nsaal good sense for a •while, and proposed to Milly Bsabwood, and »«mt tbroogh tfae usnaf experiences that idOow an jiMejptanoe. Sot I grew tired of my pretty toyin » few months, «nd bqgan to *ee tbat"ayo!ing tnan married wonld be • yonng man marred." The girls had lost all their interest in me, and the married ladies took tosnubbing ma. I bai not bsdf tbe nice invitations I need to have, and, beside, old iir, Bsebwood laitod, and WOf» fi»f taon- «and vani&ed; into lbs air. She would have nothing on marriag^ instead of being an feeiress; and so, one day, Itold her we bad both -made a mistake, ana da' said I was tbe best judge, and gave ms baok ring. Bhadii ids» d&iii;«iifoitl«naihiâ it set for a shirt-stud at once. And of eotmelssnt bar back har letters, sud du returned mine, and after that we wnt met again. I got ont el tin affair more easily than most fi&ows; do, and I've never got into soch a one again. Perhaps when I'm old and begin to break down s little, I ehsll marry some nice young girl and settle down comfortably. It's a pretty good thing to do]then, but.not before one is past fifty. Well, as I aid, I saw no more oE Lily, and I forgot all about ber in a few years, I stand before yon a practical man, nntramelled by any sort of superstition, with* good income, good health, and a habit of enjoying my life —an example to all sentimental, emotional people, if I my it myself; and just in ibis condition I walked in at the door of Mrs. Began's confounded old bouse, on the twentysixth of July, 1672. We had started for the Mountain House, I and Barnard, and bis trap had broken down, and here we were on a rough road, with our journey not bait over : Catskill as far behind ns as the Mountain House was before as ; both of us as hungry as hunters ; both dead tired. "We can't goon," said Barnard. " We can't go back." said I. Then over the stone fence popped a eonbonnet, and some one cried— " Your wheel bas coma off, hain't it 1" On my answering that it had, and should like to know what we were going to do that night, the Bunbonnet replied,— s " Why, do tell ! To be sure I Well* now— and ererybody ia chock full of summer boarders, and to be I. Bat I guess I cm figger it if I do a little head work, I'll put them Jackson boys to sleep with Sam, and I'll make the help go on to tbe settee, and one of yoa shall have the kitehen chamber and one the north garret if yea want. And my old man, he's a wheelwright by trade, and he'll jigger your wheel for yoa in three shakes of a sheep's tail." We looked at each other. I did not know how long it took a sheep to shake his tail, nor whether " jigger" was technical or local. £ don't [yet. But I smelt coffee and ham end eggs, somewhere, and doubtless so did Barnaid. We ehsll be only too glad to accept your hospitality," said he. " Hall a-hovcrlgn a day," eaid she. " That is cheap enough." " Sa it is," e&id; Birnard. " Come, Hunter." I came. What won'd I have done to a waiter who presented ieo with f.uch a supper at the club ! Dut starvation does not dîscrimiete ; I ate heartily. And afterward, being aeked to choose between the kilchen &ad; the north gairet, I said tbe garret by all means. I had a vague idea tbat it woold be farthest removed from th.e rest of the establishment. . It was a queer Ioskjng place, with a chimney in the csnlre, the roof running from a peak in the middle to the floor on either side ; one square window and one sloping one; and boxes, bsge, bams, ropei of onions, and suspended dreescs, adorned it in every direction. Tha bed was apparently stuffed with corn cobs. The pillows waa of bay, and the sheets smelled of camphor, and I bad a kerosene lamp by way of illumination, * Bemembering my spring mattress, and silk quilts lined with down, at home, my velvet carpet, the pink and white shads for my gaa, I wondered how I could endure it all so calmly. Bat what ebonld I have gained by making a fuss? Nothing, sorely* Never trouble yourself about the inevitable ; simply shut your eyes to it. I shot mine, having puffed the kerosene lamp ont, after a bias explosion of eome kind which made me wonder if I were to be subject of a paragraph " Awful Accident" in ths next morning's papers. I adjusted myself as well as possible between the softest corn cobs. il When one sleeps one forgets one's bed." eaid I. "Let me sleep." And totally refusing to sotiee the droning of a hideous insect with a brown back, who eonld walk, fly,climb, leap, wiggle, crawl—in short, who possessed every means of locomotion knoira to animated nature—I went to sleep. The moon arose tbat "night about one o'olock; therefore it mast have been about one o'clock that I awoke, for the moon was rising. Yoa may egpect me to be romantio about her; but I shall not oblige you. Sha was as roufld and yellow as possible, and came np ovir tbe mountains with her usual independence. Her light fell through the one straight window of my room, .made a white square on the brown-painted floor,and lit np a queer little green rocking-chair with a rush bottom. For one moment I saw the chair standing empty; ths next a figure occupied it—the figureof a young girl. Her hair, which seemed to be .golden, fell over her shoulders. Her back was toward me. but I saw that her figure was slight and pretty, Two little white bands were clasped together, and ehe was rocking to and fro, and moaning in a strange, desolate sort o! a way. "Thisis odd,"said L "Some one has eome into the room by mistake, doubtless, not knowing I was here." I coufched. The yonng person did not hear me. I spoke. " Madame," said I, I presume you are not aware that—in fact, that lam here." Then the figure arose. It turned toward me, but again I could not see its face. It's back was to the moon. The outline—strangely familiar—was all I could discern. Tbe white robe that looked like a shroud, trailed after it. 4 Tbe long hair floated over it. I sud to myself very calmly, "Wœ I a superstitions person, I should consider this a ghost." And still it came nearer, nearer, nearer. It va» very embarnasicg. . <l Madame," I nid again, more loudly, " 1 presume thatygu are not aware tbat I am here!" And a voice answered mc—a voice I seemed to have heard before,— ' " Yes, l am aware of it. I came because I knew it. X came because I knew it. Theshe begftn to moan again. D She stood beside the bed now, only- a lew inches from me. She etretched out her cold bands. It was time to do something. Whoever she was, I saw ibatshe was dangerous—a maniac. perhaps. I pnt my hand under my pillow, { where my putol lay. I seized it. y j " Whoever yon are," eaid I, " I presum'e ran area thief, nlavios at chost. Leave tlv t h»dk,siaH»ftKl«nW nateap4ooc. ïct sbs .'ins : sapet9t!t£(K*iSatlrriKal& have «aid that Ihsdaasnaspitii. As it «as, being a practical man, I ai ooee«rgoed with myastf, • fngp fried bam, and something oHfad Injtm paddin', whatever It may havs seen, baa given me » nightmare—a irigfrtmaje j, . in white, insteadof Othello era s There an exceptions to tray role. Loam, bada^diiteirigitmatecigteadofablaekone, thatisalL Agaûr lpnt ont my kerossoe lamp ; «gun X fittedmyself between tbe corn nobs; agabi I slept; again Iwoke,to find a figure—the same figure—bendingover me. It « » moaning still, but this time it was doing more; two hands, as cold as ice, wore about my throat, pressing bard npon it. I wss choked to death. , "What are yon about?" cried L catching at my pistol again. The oold bands dropped away. Tbe girl «treated, nnidted, as before. I madea new search. I argued with myself again. " Nightmares always choke one," said I. "My white nightmare only did as others do." Bat this time though I fitted myself in amongst ths corn cobs again, I foand It harder to sleep, and though X slept at last, I awakened veiy soon—again iri& a band at <ny throat, and a vcioe moaning soîfly,— " Latum zest in my garni I do not «ant to killbim. Let me rest P j My pitd once nana away. But a nightman wasamorp thing than I had imagined. Had I ever been fool enough todrink too moeh I shonU have fancied myself tbe victim of delrinm tremens. But a ghost 1 Bah I I gave tio admittance to that thought for a momot. II Hie voice, the falling hair, the tooeh of the ltttle hands, cold as they were, reminded ma ot some one I had known long age—tbat was part ot my J disordered condition. " Never again," said I, " will I partake of that swfal dish, Inian pad din'; with m'laeees. Never !" I sat op after Oat, and saw the eon rise for the first time in my existence. It is a chilly operation, as uncomfortable as most things are that are considered meritorious ; cold baths and a German diet, for instance. I've naver done it since. • An awful horn tooted as down to breakfast, which was principally fat pork. When I came down, the good woman of tbe house, already invisible at tthe end of a sonbonnst, was talking to Barnard, who is—did I tall yoa 1—an author, a writer of frighttnl long stories in newspapers. She bad fonnd bim out. '' To think it shonld. be yeu I" she nidi Yon don't look a bit like I thought. I ^netssed you had big black eyes and elegant figger, but, lor 1 you can't help that — and how I did look out for the next number, while ' Elgin, or Fortune's Victim,' was being published I I read it every word, and when she died of love, I cried. I didn't use to believe folks died of love onoe—bat—lemme see—I guess it was fifteen years ago, I knew a case in actual life. Yes, sir. Yon eonld have made a story of it, no doabt. She died in this bouse, in the north garret—as pretty a creators as yoa ever saw. Her eyes were, ob, how brown, and each lovely golden, hair ! Her father brought her oat here one summer." «"Mrs. Began,' says he, « I'm afraid my girl is in a decline, but we hope something from conn try air.' " 1 We'll do what we oan, and mountain air is best of any, sir,' said I. " Bat pretty soon I saw that there was more than sickness to deal with. The night she died she told ma. Yes, sir, it was a love affsir. He had jilted ber because her father had lost bis money. He'd failed, the old gentleman bad. " ' I loved him so much !' said she. « I thought him so brave and true, and so fond of me. And it wts all a mockery—every look a lie, every kiss an insult, since it did not come from his heart.' "'Bat yoa ebould forget such a ra?cal. You should not goon loviQg a fellow like that,' said I. " Then she sat op in bed. I never shall forget it, " 4 Oh, Mrs. Began,' she said, ' it is just tbat 1 It is that I have grown to hate him so that I lis all night wishing tbat I could kill him—hating him as I never hated anything before ! Sometimes I think I shall come back from the other world to do it. Ghosts are permitted to kill their murderers, they say, and he has mcrdered me. Yes, he has killed me,'not only my body, but all the good, sweet, beautiful feelings 1 once had. They all died long ago. Hate, hate, hate—that is killing me. Hate of the man I once loved I' " ' Oh, let me send for a minister, my dear!' I said. "Bat she made no answer. She never spoke again. She died that night. Poor child, ebe was very yonng. t**Milly Bashwood. Aged eighteen.' That is on her gravestone in the borying-ground, if you'd like to look at It." I.dont know whether ehe said anything more. Barnard says I fainted. I don't admit it, bntif I did I vow it was that abominable supper. A ghost—bah / But I wouldn't s'eep in that north garrtt again for any fortune—practical man as I am. 