PARLIAMENTARY NOTES. BY A. CARP[?] A great sigh of relief must have passed across Victoria, from the Murray to the sea, as the curtain was rung down upon the de bate on the address. Having its beginning and continuance in broad comedy, it ended in sometniog like a-tragedy, and though everyone deeply regrets the accident to Mr Bent, yet everybody feels thankful that the colony has been spared. the humiliation of another puerile amendment. ’ihe week has been so utterly barren of incidents, or of anything of the least importance, that it requires some slight powers of imagination to j fill in the customary space, but when we j reach the millenial day of politicians, and we have a daily Hansard to bless ourselves with, no doubt early adjournments will not be so plentiful. Speaking of that Hansard, there is one section of the community at any rate that will heartily welcome the publication, pro vided that a little consideration is given to their interests. Perhaps honorable members may not know that certain small boys keep themselves in pocket money by collecting old newspapers and selling them to the butchers. Now, if they will only make the paper a re spectable size no doubt the 200,000 it is proposed to issue daily will be a source of \---isiderable profit to the rising generation. After an who have to cater for the public know best wiiniu required. A news paper proprietor who has served ...» appren ticeship of a lifetime, and whose mce,™ depends entirely upon his judgement in these matters knows more fully than Parliament can possibly know, what the reading public will buy. It would be an interesting experi ment if the Government were to reprint the speeches od the address from Hansard, and issue them in pamphlet form at a price to cover the cost, without reaping one penny of profit. If the pamphlet sold there would be a clear field for the daily reports. I wonder would it really “ boom”? Talk about the ten righteous that could not be found in the cities of the plain; I’m afraid there would not be found ten maniacs in Victoria willing to invest a sixpence in it. With the excep tion of the well-aimed attack of Mr Harper, and the replies of Mr Walker and Mr Wrixou, there has not, in the whole of the four weeks, been another speech of actual value. Who shall be found astute enough to gauge all the depths and shoals of the many powers at work on a fateful Wednesday even ing, commonly called “private members’ night”? What a legiment of hopes and fears, conspiracies, and intrigues are gath ered together in tiiose few hours. Except when a Public Service bill is before the House, that is about the only night when the Public Service realises that the House is sitting. It holds the grave of many a poor down-trodden sutferer’s aspirations; aud, be it whispered gentiy, the downfall of many reputations. Dickens, in his story of “ Nicholas Nickleby,” tells in his own inimitable way a story of an indiguaut deputation to a member of Parlia ment, of whom they demanded his resignation, on the grounds that he had promised to make some Minister shake in his shoes, aud had failed to do so. Much on the same grounds many of the Wednes day evening ghosts feel inclined to demand of many members the making of the Minister to jump, as one member generally expresses himself, or else well that’s libel I sup pose—so I won’t say it; but it would really clear up matters if hou. members were to do something like what the Government printer does to what is turned out of his office; that is, put the estimate cost in the corner. If on each of these questions the magic label of £ s. and. appeared, we would be able to judge of the importance of the questions more readily. Nevertheless may private members night long flourish. Of far more interest than the “ dry- as dust” speeches in the Houses is the courage ous way in which the Attorney- General has picked up the gauntlet on the Chinese ques tion. It has been rather the fashion amongst the lawyers, both small and great, to sneer at the abilities of Mr Wrixou as far as law was concerned; but you never know when these idealists will effect a surprise. That he is the coming man in the House no one doubts, aud beyond all doubt he has cer tainly overshadowed the Premier during the last four weeks. The practical politics of the last two years have rubbed off some of the edges of his character, and has evidently caused him to look upon politics less as a fine art than hitherto. Punch used to give us one of his funniest conundrums, and Punch can be drearily funny sometimes, “how Mr Wrixon is going to vote.” The Attorney-General did effect some surprises in those days, notably when he upset the Reform Bill of Mr Service; but since then he has had an opportunity to realise that, after all, human ity clings to its original clay, and idealism in politics is a little out of place. Throughout the whole controversy on the Chinese difficulty he has acted the part of a con summate statesman, fully' conscious of his own power to justify his actions. The whole House was pleased when Sir Bryan O’Loghlen very generously gave his countenance to Mr Wrixon’s law, aud concurred entirely with him. Should the Full Court uphold him, there will be no stronger man in the House, while the lawyers in practice who have always affected so much superiority will have to take a back seat. Old politicians have been long waiting for such a develop ment. Those who remember Mr Iligin botham in his prime, aud who know what a Gamaliel he has been to this Paul, have looked forward to the time when Paul would prove himself true to his teaching. That the business of the House would collapse on Thursday was only to be ex pected. Mauy members could no more be expected to be in their places on “ the glorious Twelfth ” than an Irishman could be expected to keep sober on St. Patrick’s Day. It was bad enough to have to sit until the refreshment hour, but, with Mr Patter son in finest fury only a few blocks down, members could not be expected to shut them selves up in the Assembly, more especially as next year brings the general election, aud there would not be another opportunity to gain the affections of the brethren by show ing their loyalty to Old World troubles and disputes, so they had to take advantage of Thursday night. More than that the collapse of the debate on the address was unex pected, aud boil, members nowadays are not expected to speak anything but set speeches, unless indeed strangers are excluded, aud then “fautastie tricks are played before high heaven” with both tongue and limbs without any preparation. There are two things that can be reckoned the easiest things to do under heaven. The first is to make a member of Parliament jealous, aud the next is to wound the proper pride of a metropolitan paper; and when these two Greeks meet then we see some fun. Mr Gaunson, Mr Muuro, and several others have a standing feud with certain papers because they are uot reported more fully, and the House is wearied with complaints about' the wicked press coalition, wdiereas it is notorious that the press is not by any means a happy family'. The Argus longs for someone more actively assertive than the Premier; the Age thinks Mr Deakiu too blank conscientious, and the Telegraph yearns for Mr Harper’s rule; but, as the Telegraph says, “ Chacun a son gotit ,” which iu plain English meaus, everyoue to his taste; but tlieu no one expects Mr Fit chett to write a leader without a classical quotation or au allusion to Charles Limb’s roast pig. No one dislikes the present Government more than the metropolitan papers, but all of them want to be on the winning side, as each one claims the Ministry' as its own, meanwhile giving it a sly kick whenever the opportunity offers. Some members feel their isolation in the press, through the reluctance of the papers to let go a winning hand, very keenly; while, as Mr Russell truly says, some 20 members who are never mentioned, don’t care much whether they are or not; and strangely enough these men have the strongest hold upon the constituencies. This eternal crying against the newspapers really arises from thwarted desire to use them for their own ends. Men like Mr Russell, quiet in the House, but terribly active in the De partments, prefer to write letters in their own room, and wiu the warm gratitude of gratified electors; while others less wise, “ waste their sweetness on a desert air,” by speaking to reporters who will not report. 