ToowoomTba Political G-ossip. [FEOlt ANOTHEB COnEESrOSDEST.l I xo not suppose thero is another plaoo/ like Toowoombu so faras regards electioneering rumours. The break up of tho M'llwraith pinty after tho redoubtable ohiof's visit— and he left in the confident hope that he had secured both of the Toowoomba seats— sot ovorvono laughing, and just now tho sayings and doings of the Parliamentary aspirant* in the Oppo sition interest and their Pi-cbb organ aro ex citing intense amusement. Thorneloe Smith, proud as a peacock in his long flowing coat, is preparing his great speech to tho electors, and Iihb privutely informed his more intimate political friends Umt it is to ho 'a crusher' for Griffith and his paity. Ho has, for some reason or other, a 6trong antipathy to the Ipswich workf-hops and to working men in general, and ho declares that tho time has arrived whtn Ipswich must bo crushed, and tho workshops removed — ono half to be t(-ken to Woolloongabbii and tho other to Toowoomba. Ho recently mado a survey of the Toowoomba railway station, und fixed tho tito on which tho workshops aro to be erected when ho becomes — ahem .'—Minister for VVorks in a new M'llwruith Administration. He daily visits the Middle Ridge, cats grapes and drinks bumpers of wine, and then— says tho tattling tongues of gosiips— ho says or sings to the Gum an ladies who servo him, ' What a' sharao it in I cannot come on Sundays anel drink your wino ' But the worst of it is Thorneloo doea not niako headway, not even with tho Indies. His bqtom friends are Uolst (of the Darling Downs Ztitunii) and Zillman (of the D. D. Gazette), and the latter, it is whispered, is holp iug him in tho preparation of the great speech which is to astonish even the Russians vrhen they read it at St. Petersburg. At tho Hibernian spoitB the trio wero ' the observed among all observers,' and drank merrily to tho health of St. Patrick. They created much amusomont you muy bo sure, as arm-in-arm they strutted through the sports ground. ' Hoist is in trouble with tlio Germans, 'and they havo not been slow to tell him what they think of him. This gentleman ia a new ar rival from Melbourne, and is the friend and champion of tho Rev. H. W. Axthelm. To obtain his friend's registration by tho Regis trar-General, ho will do anything. Thorneloo Smith has given Iub word — so Hoist says — to do what Hoist reejuii- cs, and now ho swears by him, und has promised him the nolii German vole. A few days after the death of tlio German Emperor, tho German Gleo Club decided ? to havo a memorial ser vice ; Hoist thought he saw a brilliant electioneering chance. Ho accord ingly said ho would boss tho whole concern. He proposed thathoftiidThorucloo Smith should bo the orators to do immortal honour to the memory of the dead Emperor. But somehow the club itonld not seo it. Thoy murmured, and wire i-hocked ut the transparent trick of making o'ection capital out of the death of their beloved Emperor. They told Hoist they would not have him or his protege, and thereupon he fumed and spoke a few very naughty words, and threatened that there should be no pro cession. But tho Glee Club ib composed of men as true as the t teel in Herr Erupp's guux. They finikd at Hoist, laughed at his threat, und hud one of tho best managed aud most largely at tended memorial services ever held iu Too woomba — and -will you believe it ? Holat was not there and Smith wus not there. Hsavent* ! and yet the procession took place aud was a success ! Of course, as may well be imagined, Fogarty nnd Stirling aro not well pleased with tho way Hoist, Smith, and Zillmunn are playing the cords. Fogarty recently went to Brisbuno to consult Sir Thomas about it, and the story gpeB that he got moro than ho bargained for. Sir Thomas gave him a bit of his mind, and partly told him he was not the man for Gal way, though ho might be for Toowoomba for aught he knew ox cared. . But after promising him (Sir Thomas) to stand, and then trying to get out of it und hoist Bail as un independent, he thought he (Fogarty) had butter go tho independents* for support. For all thiB bluff, however, Fogarty is working hard, and mixing freely with all sorts of people, and is bland and polite to a degree to his opponents. But sinus he repudiated his connection w ith Sir Thomas his chances of election, oven if he cvor had any, are very remote. The M'llwraith party dirowu him, uud it is difficult to discover who elso will sup port him. Stirling is keeping very quiet, but is working hard. Tlio promises of support, however, aro said not to bo flattering, und it is e'oneidered doubtful if ho will go to tho poll. After all, if M'llwraith only know it, Stirling js fie best of tbe Opposition candidates ; but ho is to bo thrown over for Thorneloo Smith, who, with all tho influence that will be brought in his favour, will not have a great deal to spuro when he him saved his stake. ?lames Campbell in beginuiug to find that bin chango ot sides will not bo uuivorsally Approved iu Aubiguy. Muny of tho electors aro speaking very plainly about it, and the meeting to form a com mittee iu Iim behalf last Saturday was not a mcceSK. On his coinmitteo uro Messrs. G-. Hay, Do Qruchf, and Duncan Mimro, tho foimer being chairman. It is ominous that tlif-pe three were- most bilterlv opposed to him at the Just flection. But times change, and iiicn change with them. Cum^bell wi'l have to fiyht hard to regain his scut. Garget has not tho ghost of a chaiine. His candidature will inevitably reduce the number of votes to b*i polled for the other candidates, but will not affect tho solid vote to the other side. Garget's nomination will ? expose, moro thiiu would otherwise be the case, the real weakness of the Opposition party. ' Kiiifio the manifestoes of tho two leaders ap peared theio is a decided rc-actiuu infuvouuoE Sir 8. W. Griffith, whoso polioy is cortiiiuly' appioved by the bulk of the electors, in thia district, whatever it'mny bo elsewhere. ?'*' The repeirt of tho salo of tho German paper in Brisbane to Sir Thomas M'llwraith id 'generally current here. Certainly tho leader in the last issue of tho paper, whidhlhavo carefully road, was decidedly written in tho interests of 'tha' Opposition; 