DOROTHY'S SECRET. By tho Author of 'Patience Brooke,''' A Doubtful Fortune,' ko. CONTINUED. ' , . 1 1 pardon your words, madam/ ho said, ' in consideration of tkeshockThavo unconsciously given you nnd (be pain you must feel ; by nnd-by you will regret them, when you dis cover how you have now wronged mo. Mr. Ashfcon' — turning to me— 'yon can easily dis cover whether Mr. Tressilian has been kid napped orjnurdered, by finding out whether ho has drawn* cheques on his bankers lately.1 He bowed ceremoniously as he ceased speaking, loft the room and the house, Imogen burst into a passion of tears as he departed. ' Oh, Douglas, Douglas,' she cried, passion ately, ' it is false— false ! Bat Frank — where can he be ? What can have become of him V I waa greatly distressed and perplexed. ' Imogen,' I said, ' do you think you are well enough to undertake a journey to Lon don ?' ' Yes — yes — anywhere,' she cried, eagerly — ' anywhere to try to find him !' ' Then wo will start for town to-morrow morning, doar. Do not be uneasy. It will nil come right in the end, you may be sure.' But my own heart'did not confirm the hope my lips expressed. A doubt, a terrible sus picion arose in my mind. Had Frank been weak and wicked ? Had ho wooed Imogen when Dorothy was not to bo won, and re turned to his first love when he found her willing to accept him 1 It would bo an in famy — yet it was not impossible. We liked Frank, but we knew really very little of him ; and undoubtedly for a long time — ever since our first acquaintance indeed — he had been carrying on a course of deception. The journey to London was a very sad one, Imogen, still extremely weak, was greatly exhausted by it, and was only fit to be carried to bed on our arrival at the hotel in Dover Street. Nancy, who of conrso ac companied us, was greatly alarmed at the state of her favourite. As soon as my sister was in bed I sont for a physician of eminence. He saw Imogen, prescribed for her, and told me that the greatest possible care was required in her case ; her health was terribly, seriously shaken by the fever she had had.' ' Indeed,' he added, ' I don't think Miss Ashton can ever be restored to the vigorous health you say she formerly enjoyed. Keep her very quiet ; Let her livo well : and. as soon as she can travel, take her abroad for change of air and scene.' Directly ofter breakfast the next morning I called on Frank's bankers. Luckily he had once paid me with a cheque for some cattle off Plas Madoc estate, and thus I knew where he banked. I saw one of these gentle men, informed him of my sister's engagement to Mr. Tressilian, of his' disappearance, and of Imogen's dangerous ? condition, and im plored him to tell me if he knew Mr. Tres silian's address, and whether he had lately drawn any cheques. The junior partner— a pleasant, kindly man — expressed great sympathy with my sister, and at once left the room to make in quires as to the address. He returned in a short time, looking very grave. ' Mr. Tressilian, he said, ' has not left his address abroad here; but he has drawn cheques rather often of late. Two are of quite recent date.' ' Hut wore tho checques genuino ? Yoa do not think they may havo been forged?' I asked. The banker looked uneasy, and then said — ' The last was not, at any rate ; it was presented by his bailiff, and was evidently sent for the keeping up of his place. The man, I find, said that his master was absent, but had sent him the cheque by post.' ' And tho other cheque V ' Oil, that was drawn through a foreign banking-house! It was all right — it is all right, believe mo. I am very sorry for you, Mr. Ashton,' he added, kindly, ' tor I fear Mr. Tresssilian is behaving badly. Those dis appearances are almost always voluntary, and caused by somo evil doing or evil intentions. It is quito clear that this gentloman is alive, abroad and living at somo expense.' ' It is porfectly unaccountable,' I observed ; ' he seemed to ador omy sister, and I really caunot understand so singular a change.' Mr. Southan appeared to be sorry for me. ' Your sister is rich, I beliove, Mr. Asbton ?' ho said. ' Yes I shall givo her a handsome dowary.' ' But she is not exactly an heiress ?.' ' No ; but sho will probably inherit all I have to leave.' ' I wonder if I ought to toll you one cir comstnnco which may give a clue to this fickleness,' ho said, thoughtfully. ' If you can, it will be a kind and humane action,' I returned j ' anj certainty would bo hotter than my poor sister's present stato of nnxiety,' ' Then I will tell you that somo littlo time back Mr. Tressilian deposited here the sum of forty thousand pounds in the namo of a lady— Miss Dorothy Wynn. Ho loft it till ho had decided on an investment for her. It has since boon removod by his lawyer and brokor. He was trustee and guardian to this lady, who is under ago. Is it possible that ho could have beon tempted by this ward of his to bo falso to Miss Ashton ?' I could not speak— 1 could scarce think. Novor shall I forgot tho horror of that hour. It was all clear enough now now. Frank, whilo Dorothy was a poor girl, bound to live in one spot by her needs had rofuscd to change his faith for her sake, but had wooed ono who would certainly increnao his fortunes ; now however, that Dorothy was rich as woll as boautiful, he had sacrificed honour and re ligion for her ! We should never hear from him again. I thankod Mr. Southan for his kindness in revealing thus much to mo, and then would havo left his office but my feet refused to support mo. Tho blow had beon actually a physical shock. Ho was most kind ; ho gave mo wine, soothed mo, let mo romain a while in his room, and finally assisted me himself into the carriage How was I to tell Imogen this hateful tale?' I knew not, But it had loft un mistakoablo traces on my conntonanoo, which sufficed to proparo her, for she sprang from tbo couch as I onterod tho room and ox claimod — ? Douglas ho is dead I1 i». ' Doad to you — doad to honour— doad to ?-8 all good, my darling,1 1 murnnirod, an I took hor in my arms. ' Frank Trossilian is a villain !' She released herself from my embrace at once. 'No, Douglas,' she said, emphatically, ' that is not possible.' . ' My darling, my sweet Imogen I speak an established, a proved truth,' I replied, em phatically. ?'?'.' She sank, very pale, but with a firm set look on her face, on to the couch again. ' Tell me all/ she said, in a pained voice. Let me know what you have heard., And 1 related my painful story to hor. ' And yon believe this ?' she interrogated. 'My dear, how can I doubt it? Mr. Southan had no motive to deceive me. Con sider, also, this strange news of Dorothy's fortune. Why did Frank hide it from us ? Why has he been shroud in mystery all along? He is free — he draws cheques — he is abroad — and Dorothy lea/es her convent with him. One sees, too, why the priest wished to separato them— of how great value Dorothy was to the Church. No, Imogen never let us name this man again.' She bowed her head on her hands and wept silently. After a time, during which I paced tho room restlessly, she rose, came to me, and laid her hand upon my shoulder. ' My dear brother/ sho said calmly, ' tho trial is as groat for you as for me. Do not grieve to much. Try to have faithi n or dear ones.' ' Faith in them !' I exclaimed with bitter scorn. ' Yes ; faith as I have. I am certain that pll can be explained — that Frank will return in the end, if he lives. Oh, let us trust them yet a little while, Dear Douglas !' ' Such trust would bo folly/ I returned, sternly. ' Tressillian is a villain. Dorothy was subtle, sly, and deceptive.' There was a painful pause ; and then Imogen began to plead that, I would not dis continuo my search for Frank aDd Dorothy, that more detectives might bo employed, that we ourselves might go in search of the lost ones. But I would not listen to her. I persisted in my anger, I declared that I would take no more trouble for these false friends, and spoke harshly for the first in my life to Imogen. She bore it very meekly and patiently, but looked so unhappy all that day and tfie next that I yielded so far as to suffer tho de tectives employed to continue their hitherto fruitless search on the Continent. And then she. urged that we should go back to Plas Madoc, and that the demolition of the haunted portion of the house should be begun, But to this [ conld not listen. It had been Frank Tressilian's advice — probably a grim jest by which he strove to throw mo off my guard while bo-was arranging his plans to go to Dorothy. He should not make me the dupe off such a jest. I wrote down, and stayed tho proceedings — not, my agent told me an hour too soon, for tho peasantry round and the miners were uttering unpleasant threaten ings against tho ' stranger' who had decided to pull down the old Plas. I wished Imogen to go abroad with me for a change, as the physician had suggested but, she firmly refused to go. ' I cannot/ she exclaimed — ' 1 will not. Oh, Douglas, let me go home to dio !' And then, for the first time she yielded to such a burst of passionate grief that I could not refuse to obey her will — I had not cour age ; yet of all places that hateful Welsh house was surely the worst place in the world or both of us. However we returned at her wish, nnd wore soon once more installed at Plas Madoc, through the corridors and rooms of which Imogen moved like a pale ghost of her former self. As the days lengthened and the first faint breath of spring stole over the hills, I urged on her to lot me invite our old friends the Chartloys to stay with her again. I thought their society would cheer her. Sho declined having both young ladies ; she said she had not spirit for Anastatia, but that sho would be glad for my sake if Dora and Mr. Mor daunt would coma. Our Welsh neighbours, whoso New Year's visit had been so sadly put off, visited us several times after our return, and were very kind, and very sorry for Imogen's delicate health. But wo did not got go out ; Genie always now went to bed early, and used to be obliged to lie down often -in her room during the day. Sho once manifested to mo that she was still uneasy and anxious about tho secret room. I had been over to Chester by rail, and did not intend to return tlio samo day ; but, when my business there was done, I re flected a little uneasily on my timid, delicate sister's having lo pass tlio night at Plas, and I resolved to return at once. Luckily I caught a train which brought me to Wrex ham about five o'clock, and hiring a good horse from tho landlady of the hotel, I rode rapidly homewards. When I reached the Plas, I paused in amazemont. From every corner floated a white flag. On nearer approach I saw they were towels ! David who oponed tho great gate to mo, had a grin on his face. The inside windows of the house looking upon the quadrangle were also ornamented with floating towels, or, at least, white cloths. 1 What is the meaning of this, Evans ?' I asked the butler, as I entered the hall. ' Miss Ashton, sir, is trying to find tho Lloyds' secret chamber/ tho man replied, solemnly. 1 Where is she V I inquired not able to rostrain a smile. ' In tho eastern. turret, Bir, with Winifred Jones.'. I hastoncd thither, and mot Imogen tlos conding tho stairs. ' Dear Genie/ I said, ' what aro you do ing ?' ' I am trying to find the secret room.1 ' By hanging towels out of tho window V sceptically. ' Yes ; and now como with me and walk round the houso. Wo have hung ono from ovory window wo can find. If any window out side has no towel that is tho window of tho secret room.' ' Very ingenious/ I Baid. ? Let us go and Boe if wo can mako the discovery, littlo, Fatima.' And, drawing hor hand through mine, wo walked round Plas Madoc. Alas, ovory window had a white flag— -not ono was vnonnt ! \- Thon tho room/ sbo said, ' must bo dark )' and sho shuddored. ' Thero may bo a skylight, dear.' 'Ah, true I' sho said, ' Come with mo on to the loads, and ht us soo.' 'I will go to.iuorrow.' I ropliod, gravely j its no pluoo for you/ ' You aro not angry that I tried to find tho room V she asked, timidly. ' No, dear, not at all. But I doubt if you will ever find it. I wish, dearest little sister that you would put it from your mind.' ' I cannot/ she sighed ; never 'while I livo -shall I rest till I have looked into it and learnt the mystery of Plas Madoc.' And, on questioning Nancy I found that all day whenever she was not with aie, my sister was prowling like a ghost about the house, searching in every possible corner for the secret room. ' And indeed, sir/ said our faithful old servant, ' Miss Imogen will be very ill if it goes on.' Her mind will bo troubled, as the servants are saying it is now.' ?Well, Nancy/ I returnnd, greatly dis tressed, Miss Chartloy and Mr. Mordaunt will arrive to-morrow ; I will speak to Miss Dora and see what sho can do for our child. Perhaps they may persuade her to return with them for a little while.' ' If they don't divert her mind Master Douglas/ said Nancy, ' she will have another fever. And that girl Winnie Jones should not encourage my lady in all thesa fancies it is very wrong of her j and it is very strange of Mis Genie to bo so taken up with a Welch creature.' Henry Mordant and his nioco arrived the next day. I had'been slightly estranged from my old friend by what Imogen had told me of his former interference with regard to Dorothy, but recent events had removed the feeling, and I welcomed him warmly, Especially pleasant to me was the frank, honest , open face of Dora Ohartley. It was like breathing fresh mountain air after leaving a stifling theatre, to meet these open English friends, to gaze upon her pure, calm, candid face. I had an opportunity, after breakfast the next day, of speaking confidentially to my friends — for Imogen never rose till elovon now. It was a great relief to be able to tell them the tale of entanglement and deception, and to ask counsel and sympathy. Mordaunt was hotly indignant. He said that he had always felt that Frank Tressilian was not to bo trusted, nor Dorothy either. And he thought that the banker's narrative threw full light upon the question. We had been shamefully deceived. ' And the priest,' he asked—' is he still in tho neighbourhood V ' He has neyor left it.' ?' Jt is quite a plain case. He told you the truth, dopend upon it, regarding Dorothy's marriago to Frank — doubtless a great disap pointment to him.' ' I am not sure that he has not deceived Mr. Ashton even now, though/ put in Dora. ' The old story !' said Mordaunt, laughing. ' Dora believes that that Jesuits could blind the wisest man in Christendom. My dear niece, you are dreadfully prejudiced. I have the greatest objection myself to Mr. Jerning ham's order and opinions; but,in this instance, believe he tells the truth. In fact, it is quite plain he does. Dora made no answer. She turned to me, and asked if it was this sad affair, that had so cruelly changed Imogen. I said it was, no doubt f and then I related to these sympathetic friends the strange mania for finding the secret room which still possosed Imogen. 1 Why don't you pull down that side of the house V asked Dora, abrnptly. ' It would set her mind at ease* ' My dear Miss Chartley, would you have me act on the jeering advice of that rascal Frank Tressilian V ' iN.o 5 not.on his advice, but on Imogen's account' — she spoke very gravely. ' Well/ I said, after a pause, ' if you and your uncle, on reflection, think it wise for mo to do so, I will comply. But we shall have some difficulty in achieving it, for tho coun try people object to tho old place boing pulled down.' Dora made no further remark, and soon after went up-stairs to see how Imogen was. My sister brightened in tho society of her friends. Dora was very judicious, lively, and affectionate, and her influence was beneficially exerted over Imogen. In fact, wo were both benefited by being tints brought face to face again with ordinary evory day life. Tho days passed pleasantly enough, though neither Imogen nor I was happy. Wo tried to boar our grief patiently, without outward expression, as is tho modern usago. .Re pression of privato feelings is scarcely heroism now-a-days — it is merely a habit of good Bociety ; but the light was gone out of both ou'1 lives. Oiio morning Evans came in and told - mo that Mr. Trossillian's housekeeper wished to syeak with me after breakfast. I nodded as sent, not without a littlo wonder as to what the worthy lady could want with me. I found her looking very troubled, with a yellow envelope in her hand. ? Well, Mrs. Blake/ I said, 'what can I do for you V ' If you please sir/ sho answered, ' a tele gram has como for Mr. Tressilian. We don't know his address, so I brought it to you to know it you can toll us whero ho is.' ' I am entirely ignorant of your master's place of abode/ 1 ropliod gravely. ' Wo have nover heard from Mr. Tressilian since he left. Mr. Jorningham tolls us he is married.' ' Married ! Mr. Frank married ? Good Hoavon, sir, to whom — when V sho gaspod. ' To Miss Wynn— where or when I do not know.' Tho woman clasped tho tologram between hor hands. ? Oh, sir, Mr. Ashton/ sho said, ' you can't surely boliovo it ? Mr. Tredsilian worshipped the ground your sister trod on. Ho never oared for Miss Wynn more than a sister. Sir, if ho had, you would never have had Plas. Why' — seeing my look of surpriso — ' to my certain kuowledgo, Mrs. Lloyd offered it to him if ho would wed Miss Dorothy ; and in her angor, when ho refused, sho loft tho Plas to you.' ' Can this bo true V I said, partly to my self. ' Yes, indeed,' declared tho Welshwoman ; ' Mrs. Lloyd told mo so with hor own lips one day just boforo her d'oath, and asked mo if I wasn't sorry to miss boing housekeeper at tho Plas.' 'This is most extraordinary I' I exclaimed. U'lvv could I reconcile Frank's desertion of Imogen for Dorothy, whon ho had previously rojoctod a noblo fortuno with his cousin 't [to be continued.] At tbo colonial wool salos in London 210,000 hales woro eataloguod, of which liiU.OOO woro sold. Tho English wheat markot is lifeless, tho Conti nental markets aro changing a littlo tor tho bcitor, but tlio Auioricflu markot is depwescd. 