f It had been the height of summer when first " i} Stephen Hatfield saw that terrible viaionof the • dead;man's face. ... As r summer passed .into ;autumn,.'andautumn-'into winter, its reour-. ;ren'oe beoame more frequent, and had' a .very 'disquieting effeot upon Hatfield's nerves.. It became plain to him that if he saw that .face vmuoh oxtener he would'have to give up .his j.worfcv; Eyesr hand, brain, all* seemed para lysed at times by fear and agony. ; Grace, not • knowing what was wrong, estreated him to aee the parish dootor. But Hatfield shook his head; ^ No dootor can do me any good," he .' answered, gloomily. One'day-in" December he came homo and found her in tears.. 'On asking what was the ^'matter,"he elicited from her a tale of how " PoUyhad ran ia from the street, crying out 'that her'father had looked at her over the fence. • , 44 The child would not remember him," said Hatfield. -44 She's five years old, and she was very fond : of her poor father," said Grace., Then, wip ing her* eyes, she added indistinctly: I ; thought—I thought- I saw him myself last 'tight." Bat this was more than Hatfield oould hear. " He Went out again without wabing for the conclusion of her l'ttlo story. 41 Are we all to \- "be haunted by George Edna's ghost?" he asked • hlma-ilf, almost angrily. 44 For me it's natural "enoagh;■ bat what have they done? i r ' Grace Deno felt a little hurt by his abrupt departure; She sat down and oried, cire?sed " Polly;, and gave herself up lor a few minut'8 to the luxury of indulgence in hor own quiet sorrow; but then she rememberod that she had a good many things to do. and so betook ..-herself, somewhat less tranquilly than u«ual, to her household tasks. It was Christmas Eve. and she had determined that her own sorrow, her own aad.memories. should not bring sor:ow * to other people. For Stephen's sake she meant \- toibe cheerful, and to make him thiok that she '<was oontenfc. Sho wondered that he did not comebaokto tea. She put little Polly to bed, and sat by the fire with some needlework. The night was fine but windy, and on the wind there came from time to time the sound o! the Christmas bells. Her hands bad fallen on her lap; her eyes were fixed in mournful reverie upon the glow iog embers of the grato, when a . sound at the door arrested her attention. Stephen stood in the doorway—the kitchen door opened upon a little brioked yard—and his hand was upon the ' * Utoh A guit of cold air blew in, extinguish ing tbo candle ;at Grace's side. She sprang up, and >then stood still. She- could just see Stephen's fsoa; thero was a ghastly smile upon it that made her heart best strangely fast, c vh •< What is it, Stephen ?" ehe said, nervously. \- - He lifted up cue finger, ab if warning her •to be silent. 41 Do you know who stands out side ?" he asked her, with tho same weird smile upon1 his face. 411 saw him as I came in; I \- should see him still if I lojkod again. Your 1 - husband, Graoe—George Done." " My husband!" she oried, flinging up her 1? ^ e8,h' Ora0B i not in the flesh. Yon would not nei him if yon looked, bnt I eee him, I see him wherever X go. He was here at your window not long ago." fteph.'iy>n f'ightea me!" eaid Grace, I . v.—»~juuiuvawame!" eaialirace ^hSer CdT.ber °hail aDdOOTeringherfaoe The sight of her tears calmed him. He dosed i™ ill' B°« 7 ?? advanced towards her, look ing earnestly at her bowed head. ,.°B,' want to frighten yon, Grace," he sain. it was those acoursed bells that sent me home to you. They rang and rang till I could bear it no longer. «Go back, go baok.' they said. • Tell her the truth Go back.' And so I thought that if I oame to you and told you the wholo truth, X might perhaps be delivered from the terror that follows me night tUL v7' La?? dtt7' oiooping or wakiDg, I see him, Hatfield went on with a Btartled glance over his left shoulder, "and I know that he oomes to punish me for what I did. Perhaps if I tell all the truth and give myself up l may yet know peace. Tho bells have driven me to you." " "But—why? What do you moan, Stephen?' said Graoe, beginning to tromblo with an in oxpresBible fear. He took no notice of her question. 'Look at me," he said. "Have I not suffered? Am I the man I was a year ago? Ido not know how I livo, how I eat or sleep. The misery that haB fallen on me is mere than . °™ °°or- For I never moant to be a murderer, Grace; I never meant to hurt him, though X thrust him away from me and struok him in my wrath. Grace, Grace, believe me, I never meant to harm a hair of his head!" He fell down on his knees before her as he spoke, stretching out his hands to her in a blind groping way. She drew baok an inch or two, looking at him with a strange expression, half of repnlaion, half of pity, in her eyes. In after days his faoe oame back to her as she had seen it then, and she remembered how wasted it was, how worn with grief andoare. But jnet then she thonght only of his words. "Tell.me what yon mean," she gasped oat below her breath. " Is George deal ? What'do you mean ?" • " I mean, Grace, that I—X—killed your hus band, George Dene." A low ory escaped her lips. " Not by my hand," he said, looking down at the thin fingures that shook as with ague while he held them out. "Hot by my own hand. He oame tome on Christmas Kve a year ago this day—and the bells were ringing overhead as they ring now. . He told me of his happiness with yon, and I oonld not bear it. Don't yon know, Graoe, how I loved you all these years. He stole yon from me, or I Bhould have won you—I swear I should have won yon if he had left me time. Bnt he took everything from me—home, wife, ohildren; he had all that, and I had none. I was alone io the world; a miserable wretch, cast off by God and man. I had no hope of happiness Then he oame to me and he spoke of yon. I struok him—I thrust him out of my way. He fell over the line. I did not stay to help him up- I forgot that the express was nearly due. He must have been stunned—inscD Bible—when the train oame up." ; His voice failed him. He bowed himself to the ground, and liy at herfeet. There was a ' silence for a time. "God forgive yon, Stephen," said the woman at last, in a broken voioe. She sat very still, white as death, with the tears dropping over her pale eheeks. The gentleness, as well as th infinite sadness of her tones, unloosed hii tongue once more. He did not rise, bn faltered ont disconnected words and sentenoei that she could scarcely hear. " Yon say 1 God forgive me.' I bless yoi for tlose words." He dragged himself neare: to her and kissed her foot. "Ido not aek yoi to forgive me ; it wonld be no nse, I know Hy life is not worth living ; the sooner it end the better. I shall give myself np to the polici this very night: I wish they wonld. hang mi and be done with it. When I am in my grave Graoe, perhaps you'll forgive me then. M] love, my love, you'll koow how muoh I'vi loved yon. And yon wonld have loved me i I'd had the iime-^—" Wrat noise was that whioh a listening eai would have noted ? The oreak oi a latob, the sound ot a footfall on I he theshold ? They die not hear " God pity yon—God forsriye yon," "sail Graoe, with iooreasing agitation. "Ho Stephen Hatfield, don't delude yourself with i false belief I should never have loved yon, i wo had lived si le by side for a thomand years I never loved bnt one man in mv life, nor cvt shall again ; and that, as you vreil know, wai GeO'geDene. And you that killed him," shi oried, bnrsting into tears ; " ask God to parlor yon, and I'll pray to Him that He may. Highl and morning I'll pray to Him for yonr poor un happy soul, Stephen Hatfi Id ; bnt I will gc away from your honse now, whioh J □ever would have entered if t had known the truth ; and never, never will I look upon yonr face again." She rose from her scat. Hatfield straggled into a kneeling p setuce, oaught at her dress and pressed it to bis lips. " God will forgive me if you ask Him," hi said. " You give me hops by that one word. Graoe. Ho. I shall never see yon ay ail. I don't think it will be long before I go where George has gone. Perhaps I may meet him somewhere—perhaps I may ask him to forgive He had risen to his feet and turned awa Graoe gave a little cry. Who was it spsakio Who was it standing in the open door ? "Ho reed to go far for that, Stephen Ha field," said a voire whioh had a strange familiar sound. " I am here, and yon mafa me what yon like." The room swam before Hatfiold's trouhl eyes. When they eleared again he saw Gra olinjing to a tali, gaunt, feeble-lookirg ma whose arms was olaeped tenderly around h whose lips were pressed to her fair faoo. was no dream! This was no vision of t' night. George Dene was alive, and had ooc bark to claim his wife. What was he saying It setmad to Hatfield that (a oould ewelj be for fbe tumultuous beating of bis heart, tbe surging trouble of bis braio, " I've been.ia hospital un'il a fortnight ago," George said. " I lost mj memory for a time. It was some other poor chap who was killed by the express, not me. I got up after you had pushed me away, Stephen, and walked out oi town. I hadn't been well all day, and I felt dizzy and strange. They told me after wards that I must have had a f over coming on, and that the fall—well, perhaps it made me a trifle worse, there was some sort of ccnengaion, they called it. Anyway, I was found by the j roade'de end taken to a hospital Ave miles from Bedford, and there I stayed. My mind seemed gone, even when my body waa strongor. I oamefnlly to myself only a month ago. Then I went to Wood ley and found Graoe gone. I hun tedjf or her everywhere. Then I came here." He stopped to embrace his wife onoe more, and to glance at Hatfield, who was sitting he Bide the table with hiB face hidden npon bia folded arms. " I inquired about Hatfield, and little by little I pieced together the whole story. I knew that he, at least, thought me dead. I saw Polly to-day. and I had a glimpse of yon, too, Grace, hnt I did not know whether yeu had a i lace for me in your heart or not. I thought —shall I tell you what I thought ?" " No," she answered, laying her hand npon his lips. " I can gneBS, George. Bnt I should never have loved any man bnt yon." " Ah, so I heard yon say, my darliag ; and I know—I know-how true and faithful you have always been. I had ranoonr in my heart against my old friend here—yes, I will call him my friend, for I know now howl sad and bitter his life has been—bnt if I had' had anything against him, I forgave him as I stood at his aoor and heatd the Christmas hells ringing overhead. 1 Peaoe and goodwill,' they seemed to say. And I thought to myself, 1 Let bygoi es he bygones between Stephen Hatfi 'ld and me 1' Let us thank God that 1 have come hack to yon, Grace, and that one old friend Stephen oan be our old friend still" They heard Stephen give a gasping, strug gling sigh, almost like a sob. They waited silently for a moment, bnt he did not lift his head. " Stephen thoughthe saw yon—manytimes." said Graoe, shuddering a little as the memory of his words oame back to her. " He most have fancied it. I came to Bed ford yesterday—the first time for a year past. Come, Stephen, my old friend, lift np your head,-give me yoor hand at last." He put hie hand on Hatfield's shoulder; and Grace bent over him with tender words; '• You'll be our hroth r now, Stephen, and love nB both as we love yon Hark to tbe Christmas bells ! ' Peaoe and goodwill'—it's '2 o'clock- striking. A Christmas Day 1 Stephen, a happy Christmas! A happy Christmas to ns aU !" Bnt Stephen's happy-Christmas was not of this world. -' - " 