WHERE YE FOOTBALLE KNYGHTES WILL DISPORTE ON SATURDAYE. Worth Melbourne v. Melbourne—Oil the Melbourne Griclcet Ground. Central, J. Kennedy ; goal umpires, Jas. Bickards and T. H'Inerney. St. Kilda v. (Jeefong—Oil the St. Kilda Cricket Ground. Central, J. Shaw ; goal umpires, J. T. Harry ami J. Munro. South Melbourne v. Ballarat Imperial—kt Ballfir.it. Central, P. H. Roy ; goal umpires appointed 011 the ground. Esse.tulon v. Port Melbourne—On the East Melbourne Cricket Ground. Oputral, J. W. Welsford : goal umpires. W. Guest and H. O'JBcrn. Williamstown v. Fitzroy—On the Fitzroy Cricket Ground. Central, H. Wilson ; goal umpires, H. Hems and G. Bvaggc. Richmond v. Footscray — On the Rirhroowl Cricket Ground. Central, J. Morris ; goal u i;pir-s, H. Drew aud P. Haliett. Carlton v. University — On the University Cricket Ground. Central, Will. Johnston ; goal umpires, A. H. Neeiey and J. The^lis. IT is simply surprising the number of sporting men there are totally oblivious of the fact that such an excellent monthly brochure as the Victorian Racing Calendar (printed for the Victoria Racing Club by Sands and M'Dougall, 46 Collins-street west, aud published at the office of the Club, 102 Bourke-street west, Melbourne) is in existence. No one who takes any interest in the Turf should miss having it posted to him, the subscription being but six shillings per annum over all. In addition to the official programme of coming events, there is a, mass of other sporting information—Turf Notices, Results of the past month's Racing, Register of Disqualification, Persons Registered (Trainers, Jockeys, and Bookmakers), etc. etc. — simply invaluable to all followers of the sport of kings. The May number of the Calendar contains, in addition to the rest of the subject matter I have mentioned the whole of the Rules of Racing (some 183 in number, exclusive of sub-sections), and is therefore of special value. Even as a specimen of the typographical art alone it is worth the humble "sprat." MR. W. C. COLLEN'S Hurliugham venture has proved such au unqualified success that it is no cause for wouderment that he is desirous of possessing rooru enough to hit out according to his strength. His pony gathering has outgrown the circumscribed space at his disposal at N, Brighton, and it is his intention to seek fresh woods and pastures new—report sayeth in the vicinity of Cheltenham. There oan be no two opinions respecting the monetary value to a district such well-conducted racecourses as those at Elsternwick Park aud North Brighton have proved by causing people to become acquainted with beauty spots for settlement which otherwise might have remained for years a terra incognita; aud doubtless Mr. Cullen's new departure will cause some virgin soil to ere long blossom like the rose. Hurrah for the Land Synagogms I IT is a very rare circumstance indeed for the Victoria Amateur Turf Club to have to chronicle ought else but a pronounced success. That last Saturday's reunion was not quite up to the usual standard—that's solely in the matter of attendance, the racing and H. Skinner, the caterer, being quite as per usual—is solely to be attributed to the nasty bleak day it turned out, the wonderment amongst horsey folk being that there wasn't a postponement. But there, such an event as that has never been known to take place at Caulfield, aud doubtless the stewards are somewhat loath to initiate such an undesirable innovation. PYTCHLEY LODGE was in specially good form, Dividend scampering away with the opening event—the Trial Handicap, of six furlongs—by four lengths from Aulele, Whitefoot and 16 others, in lrnin. 18sec.; and following.this up by coming home a head to the good of Wb&kawai; (who was four lengths in advance of Ambition) and a field of seven others in the Glen Huntly Handicap, one mile aud a-qnarter and 100 yai'ds ; the time being 2min. 2G|sec. The half-brofclier to Wellington (he is by Itolton Green, whilst Wellington was by Panic out of 1-rou Frou) has been a bit of a disappointment to his owneronce or twice, aud the Maroou and Silver colours have been too often adjacent to NumerotJno without >eing " thar " to be pleasant; so that the slice of good iuck that has fallen to the stable could not have come at il much better time. It is a pity that genuine sporting nien of the S. G. Cook stamp do not experience more of ^ ortuue's smiles than they do, for they are the salt of the racing earth, without which the royal sport of the Turf would soon resolve itself into a mass of seethiug corruption. Not that my friend Samuel Garth is to be looked upon as a Paragon of Perfection. Far from it. But his sins are the sins of a Man (a Betting Man to boot) and not the actions of a Reptile. THE following are the month's engagements of the East Melbourne Bicycle Club (Mr. John A. Taylor, 14 ft icbolson-street, Fitzroy, Secretary):—12th May, Monster Meet, which promises to be a big success ; 19th, Walking tour to Fern Tree Gully; 26th, Brighton; 2nd June Preston. AND SO Billy Beach was quite right after all.' \v te L Kcmp WaB entitled to the Championship of the n orid. All honour to the New New South Wales native w«o so sturdily upheld his right to the title last Saturue,y afternoon! It is something for Australian natives o be proud of, for, you see, Peter Kemp was born at bV U i on the Hawkesbury River, on the 15th Novemr f 1, y® fc one cannot but have a feeling of t^ret that such an undeniably good sculler as Edward Hanlan has prGved himself to be should fall from his high estate as rapidly as he has donB. Certainly, after holding undisputed possession of the coveted title from OUC j.vuu a UUB, sS/y vwjjen no defeated Elliott on the Tyne) to the lGth'of August,1884 (when Beach first caused him to lower his colours on the Parramatta River), he must have expected to meet the Inevitable; but he scarcely reckoned on meeting two such phenomenal oarsmen as Beach and Kemp, or he most decidedly would never have spread out his white wings aud sailed o'er the sea to Australia. He will be long remembered as" the Founder of the Art of Modern Rowing, and when Time—the great eolacer of all troubles-has brought with it calmer thought and feeling it may dawn upon him that perhaps the author of the following lines wasn't so very far out in his reasoning after all: - " Whether you do, or whether you don't, Whether you will, or whether you won't, Try as you may, you'll have to own't— What does it matter ? " Whether you lose, or whether you wiu, Whether you grumble, or whether you grin, Whether you're broke, or have plenty of tin, What does it matter ? " Life i6 a fantasy, think as you may, A tale of an hour, a dream of a day, We're gone to-morrow if we're here to-day. So what does it matter ?" TALKING about that wonderful collection of paintings—let's see, worth £200,000, ain't they?—that's coming out to the Centennial Exhibition, a young lady friend of mine—(Now, now; cheese your barrackin'; I'm a married man myself)—who once supplied a Ladies' Column to a nmga.zine, and who has beeu spending her time lately in artistic society, reports her experience on "Painting from Life," and as two of the gentlemen named in her effusion are well-known in Art and Snorting circles in Melbourne I give her remarks verbatim et literatim :— PAINTING FROM LIFE. (BY LUCY GLlTTEliS.) " As a girl who loves truth, sir, I'm bound to confoss That I can't stand you parties what write for the Press. It's no place for an innocent girl where you tries To give away weight to the Father of Lies. So I turned up at the office, and straightway set sail To jovial Fred. Woodhouse's ranche, Ascot Vale. For a heart free from falsehood, a tongue without guile, Oh, hang on to the Painter in water or ile, " With good Mr. Woodhouse these last seven days Have sojourned a couple of budding R.A.'s; Mike Augelo Maulstick aud M. Harold Greene Are the pair of distinguished young gents, that I mean; And each as his brushes he ! U easel- ly tty Takes care that his palette shall never be dry. You may break, you may shatter, their mugs if you wiil, But the scent of Scotch Whiskey will stick to them still. " Yet I love them together, I love them apart, Aud I doat on them most when they prattle of Art. Last night Mr. Woodhouse, so pure and so pale, All modestly told them the following tale: ' You may talk about texture aud tricks of the trade, Of chiaroscuro, of light and of shade ; But give me the painter of genius bright Whose work realistic can puzzle the sight. " ' 'Twas only last Cup time, in * Olympus' * hall, I painted an overcoat hung on the wall, In outline and colour so true that next morn He tried to remove it and take it to pawn.' ' That's not bad,' says Mike Maulstick,' but Woodhouse, look here, Did you ever hear tell of the barrel of beer That I painted last autumn in old Geelong town To wipe off a score of three quid and a crown ? " "Twas a picture, my friend, that they hung in the bar, And if anyone passing it gave it a jar The liquor within it went sloshing about, And the wonderment was if it held beer or stout. So one morning they lifted it down from the nail, And tapped it, and drew out six gallons of ale! And the local exciseman a bobbery made, As my licence for brewing had never been paid!' " Then young Mr. Greene says—' That's all very well, But in painting from life is where I excel. I painted a setter at last National Show So well that bis owner was puzzled to know His dog from the picture that stood by the wall— For both of those beasts, sirs, would bark at his call, Till my setter one morning walked out on its legs, And they're settiug him now on a dozen of eggs S' "' I can go you,' says Woodhouse, ' one better than that, And to back up my statement I'll bet a new hat; The truth that I'm telling I'm ready to swear, And dear little Lucy shall evidence bear, 'Twas only last week that with Landseer-like force I painted a life-like and elegant horse, With a coat of jet black, and bushy tail sweet, Now owned by " Our Mutual" in Big Collins-street. "' He took him and shod him that same afternoon, And galloped him home by the light of the moon ; And call me a liar, all loathsome and vile, If he's trotted since then less than fifty-five mile. I'll take you and show you at teu in the morn How he stands at the manger aud nibbles his corn.' 'Have you framed him ?'says Maulstick. 'Well, no— not as yet- But I'll lay you a fiver he's there, if you'll bet.' " ' Done with you,' says Mike Angelo. ' Book me the same,' Cries the bold Mr. Greene,' though I don't see your game; But sure such a thundering braggartly knave Would cause Ananias to turn in hie grave!' Then smiled the bland Woodhouse, ' Como, Lucy, my lass, And e-lucy-date how these strange things came to pass.' So I vises and curtseys, and says,' If you please That hoss it was painted with singular ease. '"It's a beast that belongs to your old friend, Gus Sleight, The big undertaker, who bought him at Bright ; His skin it was rusty, and daily got worse, And not at all fit for to run in a hearse; So he got Mr. Woodhouse his coat to attack, And to paint it a harmless and elegant black, As you'll own when you see him. The story is true; The job was clean done, sirs—and so now are you !' " I WILL lay you 0 to 4 you can't name the author of the followiug little uannygoat. What's tl\at you say ? '' Done; the ' Echoist' of the Manchester Sporting Chronicle?" Right you are, sonny boy. Go up top:— "Thelcourse of true love never did run smooth. This sentiment, sir, did not exactly originate with me, but it's jnst as true as if it had. And thereof, I will proceed to give you proof. On or about the first day of the present year, a clerk in a London banking-house bade his fond wife good morning, kissed her affectionately, and telling her that she was the best and prettiest little wife in all England, and that be intended to bring her a new silk dress that evening, sallied forth. Evening came, but the silk dress didn't. Neither did John. Nor on the next day; nor on the next. Some wives would then have become uneasy about that silk dress, and would have worried about it. Mrs. Clerk, however, wasn't a wife of the maudlin sort, and she didn't despair about the dress. She went down to the husband's business-place and learned that John had : gone to America, via Antwerp, as a passenger on the steamship Switzerland, of the Red Star Line. Now, as I have already observed, the lady was by no means a fainthearted woman, and she knew a thing or two about human nature and the ocean steamers. Gathering up her worldly poesessiofis she purchased a ticket for New York on the steamship Adriatic, of the White Star Line, and three days after her husband had loftier she, wish her two wee children, was tracking him across the trackless ocean. On her arrival in New York she immediately inquired whether the Switzerland had arrived. She was told that it had not. ' God be praised,' she exclaimed, ; and fainted. A detective, who stood by, picked her up, : and inquired the cause of her excitement. She poured the story of her husband's abandonment into the detective's willing ear, and that officer acted promptly. He took the lady to some lodgings, and then went to the Red Star dock. The Switzerland with her load of happy passengers was just coming in. Smiling with all the innocence oi a man wbo Has successfully deserted his wife and two babes, the London bank clerk was found walking np and down the deck of the steamer. The detective charged him with deserting his wife. ' Yes, I aid, ye know,' replied the astonished husband,' but bow did ye know it, yer know ?' he drawled. ' Your wife's here,' responded the detective. ' The devil she is,' gasped the loving husband, and in another moment he stood face to face with his wife, who pleasantly introduced herself by slapping John's face with her dimpled hand, at the same time exclaiming, 'You're a nice man, but I've got you. 1 John didn't say much. He merely remarked, in a careless, off-hand style that ill-befitted the romantic nature of the happy meeting, ' Well, you can go to There are several morals to this charming little romance, the * first and foremost being that the man wlio judges woman's business capabilities by the artless, bewildered way in which she spends more than her husband can afford is going to make a mistake about that lady's commercial gifts. A wife will spend her husband's hardearned income with reckless extravagance, and when remonstrated with she will giggle pleasantly, put her arms lovingly round his neck, and sweetly mutter, ' Well, you know what a silly little goosey your poor little duckey is.' But lot the gentleman try toslope from the silly goosey, and he will see that poor little duckey's feathers flutter in a most business-like and expeditious style, and it will require all the commercial capacity he keeps in stock to get the best of the race. A second moral is that matrimony is a fiue institution when the weather keeps fine aud the missus is away from home. But at other times it varies, being better in some instances than others, but not much. Aud, lastly, the third moral is that husbands running away from their wives should keep a careful eye on the Stars, which they will be apt to find, as our hero did, thtt Red Stars are less propitious than the White." IT is specially gratifying to find a bond of sympathy between employers and employed. And even from a business point of view it is to the mutual advantage of both sides. Where a firm is prosperous aud treats its employes liberally they in turn work with double energy to advauce the firm's interests. That's how it struck me last Wednesday week, when I leant over the fence of the Oval in Prince's Park witnessing a contest at football between two teams of plasterers selected from the respective firms of Messrs. Pott and Chidzey. The football displayed was hardly up to Geelong or South Melbourne form, albeit I bad not been aware till that moment what a number of plasterers have donned the knickerbockers for Carlton in their day. However, I suppose -that was all right, aud as Tommy. Leydin was central umpire everything went off like clockwork. Charley Newton and Alick GeilatJey had some sort of billets or other—timekeepers, or something of that sort; but if I must tell the truth and shame the devil—a particular friend ofimine, by-the-way—my attention was principally devoted to a stauuch body of Pettites, who were endeavouring to snatch a victory by promises of copious libations of Colonial tanglefoot. As a matter of fact, they liquored them all up without reference to what side they were on ; but still their clamour was for the Pett of the fancy, i Were I to be asked the odds of the game I should fancy that they ought to have been fully teu to one on Peitt's team ; but although they bad their opponents completely tied up in a knot the last half of the game they couldn't snavel a goal nohow. As time drew near the clamour became louder, and the exertions of Pat Deeley and Co. more and more strenuous; but to no purpose—the result was a draw—no goals each, and about thirty behinds to three. And then I discovered what it all meant, and why there was -so much anxiety displayed to win on one side and to make a draw ou the other. They were playing for a dinner, at which the victors were to be the guests of the latter. As things were a bit mixed, and as the bracing atmosphere of the afternoon had put me in fairly good knife and fork form, and as, moreover, I knew from experience that anything Mrs. Rolfe provided at the Bay View would be the right sort, and "lashings and lavins " at that, I chipped in on the Press racket, aud after the tables had been cleared enjoyed a pleasant evening's amusement, the hearty demonstrations of applause when the healths of Messrs, Pett and Chidzey were proposed being only equalled by the storm of approbation which followed young Willy Chidzey's rendition of " The Old Rustic Bridge." THERE was a rare muster of Old Carlton Muscular Christians on the St. Kilda Cricket Ground on Saturday to witness t'ould club try its initial venture for the premiership this season against the brand-new St. Kilda Club—a powerful amalgamation of the Prahran and St Kilda Clubs of yore. There the real old War horses had assembled—Jack Donovan, Harry Guy, Andy M'Harg, Theop. Marshall, A. Gillespie, Jock Henry, the Brothers Deeley, the Fat Man, and—mirabile diciu!—Thomas P. Power. And there was some fun, you bet your boots. Not that it was excruciatingly funny-when the " Saints" had three goals to one, and were swarming round the Carlton citadel like bees round a hive. Not a bit of it, rather t'other way. Some of their chops dropped "wisibly" before my very eyes; and not even, the blandishments of the Portly One (who was evidently bent on drowning his sorrows in the flowing bowl) could tempt "Gill" away from.his coign of'vantage till Alby Coulson and Green had squared the yards. Then there was a stampede to interview Usher, in which the clatter of feet was only disturbed by Theop's voice ringing out clear and resonant in the frosty air: " This is mine!" And no one said him nay. After which victory sat upon the helms of last year's premiers in right-down earnest, the final result being'.—Carlton, 7 goals (A, Coulson 2, Smith, Green, Leydin, White and Woods) 18 behinds; St, Kilda, 4 goals (O'Connor 3, and Newlands) 10 behinds. The game was scarcely a fair test one, inasmuch as the wind, which proved a great assistance to Carlton at some portions of the game, lulled considerably when the " Saints" changed ends. Still, it was a game that took a terrible deal of winning, and the style in which the dark-blues came at the right end of the game was a source of much gratulation amongst their admirers. One word of praise for the vanquished. They acquitted themselves Bplendidly under difficulties; and I am positive that as the Beason advances they will play old gooseberry with more than one club's prospects for the Premiership. PORT MELBOURNE, 6 goals (Harper 2, M'Kuight, Hyne, Parry aud Taylor) 9 behinds; Melbourne, 3 goals (M'Crindle 2 and H. King) i behinds. FITZBOY, 3 goals 6 behinds; Richmond, 1 goal 2 behinds. NORTH MELBOURNE and South Ballarat a draw ; 3 goals 3 behinds. ESSENDON, 3 goals 9 behinds; University, 2 goals 4 behinds. WILLI AM STOWN, 2 goals 3 behinds ; Footscray, 1 goal 4 behinds. JASPER JONES has severed his connection with the Carlton Club, and last Saturday officiated as captain of hi6 old club, Williamstown. Whilst bewailing the loss of their stalwart and doughty comrade, the Carlton boys are aware that business arrangements forbade his continuing with them, aud wish him long life and prosperity in his new departure. 'Tie well that Carlton have got such excellent recruits as Bailey, White and Goer this season, or, i' faith, the loss of such Trojans as Baker, Bloomfield ahd Jasper Jones would sorely cripple tbem. THE English footballers have won their second match (against Canterbury) by 14 points to 6, wTiich reminds me that through inadvertence I have missed noting the fact that some hundred Rugby enthusiasts have banded themselves together to play the national game of Old England in its integrity. As I have always maintained, there's any quantity of room for the three different styles of play—Rugby Union, English Association and Australian — to travel side by side, and it is to be hoped that footballers enerally will give the new venture every assistance in their power. For my own part—being native here, and to the manner born—though I have rio great liking for he game as played under Rugby. Union rules, i should most decidedly like to see a team- got together inVictoria to do battle with Dr. Smith and his merrie men at their own special game, and I am satisfied that if the public fancy they have the ghost of a show against the Britishers, they will flock in thouaands to patronise the ontest. Therefore the match on. the Carlton cricket round last Saturday, when the Colonials met the World, is worthy of something more than a passing notice, because the form displayed by some of the players—notably O Rourke', Wakeham, Farquh&r;, Scarborough, the brothers Murray, Roberts, Stohr and (though last by no means least) that Ormond " Boy " (with a capital B-, Mr Printer, if you please) Chapman, was of a very high order of merit. As a matter of fact the World won by a couple of points, albeit the result might have been different bad Lindsay and Francis (of interprovincial play in New Zealand) put in an appearance. WE produce some wonders in the colonies, do we not? You can't pack us much in the athletic lino-"football, cricket, rowing, runningor skiting—I beg pardon, I meant sktting. Well, there's another:thing we can produce in the colonies that people outside .Australia may have read about, but that's all. Who is the party ? Why, the mau that never made an enemy nor lost a friend ; and I reckon that just about fits ArthurDiauiond,of South Australia, who has been in town for a week or so, looking as gay as a peach. To be a sporting man and riot to know Arthur Diamond is to argue oneself unknown. SATURDAY'S town edition of the Amlralauan conveys the intelligence that Mr. John Smith, manager of Boyle and Scott's, il Bourke-street east, has been appointed assistant secretary to the Victorian Football Association. The hahitnes and visitors to Boyle aud Scott's emporium will 1 o delighted to hear that " Jack ' has received such an appointment. FOLLOWING out ray last i'ear's plan, I furnish my readers with a table showing the relative positions of the senior clubs up to date:— Ci-un. cj <0 T3 o o ™ § rs if ts f-! a ^ =3 ft P "3 3 o II Ct o < o Won, Lost. OnrHoii 1 1 7 4 4 A Port Melbourne 1 1 6 3 4 4 I'itKroy 1 1 3 3 4 4 Bssendon 1 1 S 2 4 4 Williiiinstown 1 1 2 1 4 4 Ballarat 1 1 S 2 4 1 North Melbourne ... 1 1 3 3 4 2 South lialliirut. 1 1 3 3 4 2 Melbourne J i 3 C 4 — St. Kilda 1 l 4 7 4 — Richmond 1 l I 3 4 — Footscr.iy 3 .. l 1 2 4 — Umvwvity 1 l 2 3 4 — Ballarat Imperial ... 1 i 2 6 « South Melbourne and Geelong played against junior teams. BRAVO ! Bravo ! Bravisimo ! Turner and Ferris five wickets each in the first inuiuRsof Thornton's team. "Whiut a splendid advertisement for them 1" remarked "Mid-On," of the Leader, when ho heard the news. Right you are, Harry, old pard; it isn't a one-bowler jeam after all, is it ? THERE will be any amount of Toeball to be witnessed on the Queen's Birthday (24th May). Melbourne and Carlton meet on the Melbourne Cricket Ground at 11 in the morning; Norwood (South Australia) and Port Melbourne on the East Melbourne ground at 1 o'clock ; and North Melbourne aud Geelong ou the Melbourne Cricket ground at 3 o'clock in the afternoon. Here's sport, indeed I i THE premiership at football this season will be decided by a system of poiuts (4 for a win and 2 for a draw), as published in Melbourne PUNCH on the 13th October last year, giving the result of that season's play as follows:— POSITION' OF CLU13. 13 01 <5 6 a •a *'T <& £ A & tn OS CD Vi at w CDP CI TF o ® +J Q PH ja a a o < s M d < AH rt Won. Lost. 1\. Carlton 19 10 1 2 70 G8 3(531 2\. Geelong 2L 10 2 3 84 70 3-339 3\. South Melbourne ... 20 12 4 4 80 56 2800 4\. Port Melbourne ... 21 IA 6 2 5« 2-0'fifi 5\. Fitzroy 21 13 5 5 84 54 2-571 II. South Ballarat 11 4 2 fi 44 20 23(>< 7\. Bailarat Imperial ... 14 0 5 3 50 30 2142 8\. Williamstown 20 9 8 3 80 42 2100 Q /Richmond 30 S 8 4 80 40 2-000 1 Ballarat 14 0 0 2 50 28 2-000 11\. Hothaul 19 6 9 4 70 32 1-084 12\. Esseudon 10 5 9 2 04 24 1-500 13\. Melbourne 19 G 11 2 70 28 1-473 14\. Prahrau 18 5 11 2 72 24 1-333 15\. St. Kilda 18 4 13 1 72 18 1-000 ) University 18 4 14 0 72 16 0-688 10 ! S. Williamstown 18 3 13 2 72 10 0-888 18\. Footscray 14 2 10 2 50 12 0'857 ^Carried out to the third decimal degree. Will the secretaries of the Ballarat senior clubs kindly forward the results of their matches, with the names of the successful goal-kickers, and oblige OLYMPUS. 