Chapter oil Roderick did not appear among his family until the next day, for it was four in die morn ing before the last guest departed and die household sank into quietness. Then, Bella Jardme, knocking at his door, had been greeted with a fraternal growl ; and die traytul of food ' which, according to the family faith that the way to die heart is through the stomach, she brought up to him, was left un tasted on the door-mat. ' Let me alone ; I will see yon all at break fast,' were the only words that could be gat of him. Angry, sorrowful, and utterly worn out in body as well as mind, he threw himself on the bed, in the cold fireles-: room — evidently be had not been expected so soon — rolled himself up in a bear-skin rug, which he had bought at Neuchatel, in planning that nevertobefor gctten day at Lausanne, and slept for many hours. Slept so heavily that whet be awoke, long after midnight, he was surprised to find his fire lit, and a dainty little breakfast stand ing by it ; also his feet, stretching outside the rug, were carefully wrapped up in one of his: mother's shawls. She had been in his room, then ! making him 'comfortable,' as was her habit to do, as much as she could — perhaps giving him, unfell, die kiss that he n-ight not have cared for, tbe tear which would only have vexed him. Poor mother ! As he was he own, her only son. Roderick was touched. When he came down-stairs the first, thing he did was to look for her all over the house, and when they met he kissed her affectionately. ' Forgive my being so rude as to go to bed at once ; but I was very tired. And you ? You have been up in spite of your fatigues, and looking after me as usual ? I did so enjoy my nice breakfast ! Thank yon. mother.' He kissed her again, and then sat down, not knowing what else to say. Would she speak first, or must he, on die subject which never his mind for a moment ? . ' Yes, you were quite wearied out with your long journey, my dear boy,' said Mrs. Jardine. « You must have travelled night and day, to have got back so soon.'.' 'Could I do otherwise, thinking you were ill, mother ? and naturally I was somewhat as tonished ? ' '? To hnd ns in the middle of a lall?' broke in Bella, who sat surrounded by a heap of wedding finery. ' It must have been a little perplexing. But we thought that fright ening telegram was die best way to bring you home.' Roderick drew back, flushing angrily. ' Hold your tongue, Bella !' said the mother. ' But, my dear Rody, I never said I was ill ; I only said I was not well, which was quite true. How could it be otherwise, after your letter ?' 'You did get my Setter, then — my two letters?' ' Yes, both.' And there ensued an awk ward silence. Proud, shy, reserved as his future was, to feel that he bad been cheated in this way, treated like a silly school-boy, whenjris heart was bursting with the strongest passion of man hood, was to Roderick a very severe trial of temper and patience. He stood facing his mother and sister, expecting them to explain, to apologize. But they did neither ; they said nothing, only went on with their occupation, talking together,- just as : there: was nobody in die room beside themselves. Possibly diis was half pretence, to bide their secret fright, poor women ! at what they bad done, or were going to do. Perhaps something in the look of die young man warned them that he was a young man,- would never be a boy |gain,not even to his mother. To all ^'?T'ts and all children there does come such a moment, when the Rnbicon, once crossed, can be re crosed no mere. Bella tried to tide over the difficult moment, the Mcfeiu tyrtm*us,*h goTcros finally » many a life, by taking it lightly, aud calling her brother's attention to her millinery, her wreath and veil, to be worn in Jell splendour diree days hence 'Such things are quite out of my line, thank you,' said Roderick coldly. ' Mother, I should like to have a little talk with you ; but if you are too much occupied, I — I can wait.' 'Ob yes, wait. There is plenty of time, plenty of time, my dear boy,' said Mrs. Jar dine hurriedly, though with '.aa air Jot exceed ing relief, as she turned back to Bella and her 'Uraws.' Thecriticalrnomentpassed, seized, unhappily, by nehherside, for Roderick, excessively!? -lUted walked instantly out of die room, and out of the bouse. For an hour or more he paced die streets — die miserable, muddy Richerden streets, which seemed more miserable than ever now, after the bright ' backs of colleges' at Cambri≥, and the dear little town of Neuchatel, where it seemed as if there was always sunshine. He was boiling over with indignation and pain. A storm was coming ; he felt it looming in tbe family atmosphere. His mother evidently had not taken kindly to die idea uf his marriage ; there would be a battle to fight. Even if no actual opposition — which h*^ was loath to fear-— there was a total lack ef sympathy with him ; else how could bis mother — ai y Luther — being acquainted with all the facts of die case, knowing that her son loved a. girl as hi very life, yet had left her, with her own mother lying d«ti» to rush frantically borne, how could she greet ititti wiiHUdt a word of inquiry, nor show the slightest interest in* bis affairs, except the. chilling remark. *' there was rio burr'}/.' ' But there is, there shall be. She must hear the.;, she cannot help it. If she has a 1 heart in her bosom, she will feel for me,' he thought passionately. Yet when, a iew minutes alter, be caught sight of her and Bella driving past in ineir splendid carriage ana pair, laughing together #i raadi that they did not even see him a' first, Roderick tdutt of bis hat J to them, his own mother and and sister* as I distantly as if they had been complete strangers, I and turned around 3 bye-street in indignant I disdain. I For, indeed, at die moment they felt like strangers, as far removed as the poles from him sstf, and from that forlorn girl, die image of whom he carried perpetually in his fancy. He ] saw ber flittering along tbe streets of Neuchatel ; in her gray dreas and waterproof cloak, ber plan black hat With the pretty fair hair curling beneath it ; be clasped tbe vision to bis sick, empty heart, feeling that she Was nearer to him than any of his own belongings— nearer and dearer than anything in die wide world. it was so | it could not but be, for it was tbe natural law of things. 'A man shall leave his mother and father and cleave unto his wife,' thought Roderick, bracing himself up against tti± worst* for his imaginative tempera I mpm was alwavs Drone in IeSD at once to the eery worst, though its innate Courage tsfsgnt mm i also to face it. 1 And now he felt glad that he had come back, I nominally as free as he went, that no word of J mutual confession had passed between him and I die object of his love ; he did not even know I whether she would consent to marry him. No- 1 thing, therefore, ctidld possibly Jaid against her ; upon him only would fall tbe vials uf maternal wrath — if wrath it were, which he could hard!)' tiring himself to believe, it seemed so im i possible, so supremely ridiculous, that a young man who could well afford to marry, whom bis relations were always urging to marry, should not be left to choose for himself, especially when choosing such a wife as Silence Jardine. He murmured over and over again to him self ber dear name, not in its French form, as he was accustomed to bear it, though that sounded very sweet, but sweeter still was die j English word which she would henceforward be known by — a familiar name, too, in the old faiuilv home. ' Ob, tather, father ! you, at least, would I not have blamed me ; you would have been j glad that I should bring to Blackhall another I Silence Jardine.' I The thought calmed and comforted him : I he felt less angry with his mother ; he deter- I mined that he would have an explanation with her — a quiet, pacific, filial explanation — that very night. | But it is astonishing how long clever people | — and she was a decidedly clever woman in her way, was Mrs. 'Jardine — can shirk a difH culty, or avoid an unpleasant thing. He hardly knew how it came about, but Roderick had actually been two whole days at home, taking his place at die foot of his mother's sumptuous table, and entertaining, with gentle courtesy and well-disguised weariness, her endless guests, falling back into old ways so completely that he sometimes asked himself if the last two months were not merely a morn ing dream ; yet not a syllable had been breathed ol his intended marriage or of Mademoiselle Jardine. Did they think be bad forgotten her ? Did his mother believe that? or Bella, with ber lover paying devoted court to her, in the few short days that would elapse before he dropped into die commonplace husband? A regular Richerden husband, Roderick was sure he would tujTi out. to be, and Bella -a properRic henlen wife, dressing andN dining, paying calls and interchanging gossip, vieing in domestic splendour with her two sisters, and getting as much as she could out uf her wealthy mother, even though she had married a rich man — bad made, as Mrs. Jardine continually declared, die best marriage of all the family. * ' And mine will be worst of course,' thought Roderick, with a smile that would have been a sneer had he not remembered her— the inno cent girlish gir', scarcely yet a woman, before whose pure, true eyes all shams crumbled down into their natural dnst, all contemptible world liness fled away like ugly* ghosts'* before die dawning light ; all about her was so intensely real, so simply and directly in earnest, that in her piesence nothing false could possibly live —at* least for long. ' She win never-co here,' thought Roderick when, after Jorry-aght hours of Richerden life, die contrast between that all he had left behind forced itself -upon him widr an almost 'exag- gerated strength. ** I '?must contrive/some how, to .migrate to Blackhall.' And doubtful as it all was still, though he was but letting tlis mother the absolute truth in sayings Be did not know whether or dot Mademoiselle jardine would accept him, still, with die strong will of su£h6nest man, be hug ged to his bean ihe -delicious dipught, ' I will have ber. I love her, and I will make her love me. 'And if she loves me, net earthly power ^hall ever pot ns asunder.' The abso lute necessity wbicb almost every good man feels, not merely of a pretty girl to flirt with, a poetic mistress to adore, but of a wife — bone of bis bone, and flesh of his flesh, while at the same rime she is soul of his soul, his help, bis comfortylHs delight— bad begun to cry out in this young man's heart with a sense of gnawing want which he felt nothing external would ever.n-jw appease. ' I mu#bave her,' be repeated to himself. ' I want her.' I want herf He glanced round \- die glittering room. His mother had a dinner that night, and a small *?.carpet-dance' after wards, at which 'werecollected half the pretty girls of Richerden, with whom he had to dance by turns. But Roderick felt thai he did not care two 'straws for any of diem, compared with dflrt po°f 'Wole girl sitting alone, in her black gown,~with her pale cheeks and dim eyes, in the tiny salon thatwerlooked die silent lake of Neuchatel. L It wirs^'not tantil the third day after bis return, which, being die day before die wed ding, was of necessity kept free .from visitors, that Roderick succeeded in finding bis .mother alone. ' (TO BS COXmHUID.) 