IMovsUst* A Oase of Mesmeric Influence. It Y n V T II MAC K E N Z I E, A few years ago, while sojourning iiwhilo in Florence, 1 became greatly intureistral in a lady u-lioso countenance struck ine as peculiarly sad. She was .beautiful'and wealthy, with a dovoted husband/and two lovely children, and, iipparently, had everything to mako hor iinppy ; uud yet at tiiuos her eyes would iissiimo a strangely troubled look, as though somo secret sorrow wero weighing !i'-v down. 1 "" 1 grew to know her ultimately, and ono day ventured to ask tho meaning of this. Slid said it was causod by the events of hor early life, which, if 1 would care to froiid thorn, sho would writo for mc. 1 gladly accepted her otl'or, and when I was leaving, blic handed mo this manuscript, alio lias sinco died, and it can do no harm to present it to tho public. .'?:' My father was rich man, and I liif only child. My "mother, dying when .IvVwds quite ? young, loft ine the solo Juiupanioii ot my father, whom I adored. Ho was of a niolaucholy, thoughtful temperament, and had spent much of his lifo in studying occult science. This tendency of his mind had led him to. mako many strange acquaintances, and it was with tho greatest iutorest I watched tho result of their investigations, We had travelled much in tho interests of flits ritudy, but finally took a house in .Loudon, where we expected to remain I'-.ir ;;imio timo. It was with much 'pleastuo that f. anticipated a season there, and my father determined for my sake to entertain largely. Our dinners and balb became famous. Iv my young ?and inexperienced eyes tho world soomed butahugo playground, and .I could not conooivo of euclia Lhing as trouble having entraiicu there. In tho meantime wo continued our studies, and 1 became greatly intoreated iv tho ability of a cortain woman to eauso 'what'Blio called "spirit photographs" to appear upon tho wall. My curiosity was groatly excited to discover how this was doso. I know there was somo trick about.them, and had littlo faith in tho 'nrttho "spirits" took in their produo ion. So my father and I began expori ncntiug, und in a short timo we had tho s.it.isfaetion of doing, by purely mortal moans, everything that tho fair impostor 'did-by. tho aid of'so-callod spirits. I ittle dreamed thou of tho uso to which I aould be called upon to put this know- One evening wt> gavo a grand l>al musette, nnd our drawing-room was filled with kings and queous, peasants and milkmaids, ahephords and shophordesscs ,-uid every character imaginable. I stood aside, 'watching tho merry crowd, whon I iv.w approaching mo a sombre figure clad 'in ft black domino. Something, about him otriiok ine aa peculiar aud decidedly lUiple'ii?iuit, and it. was with a feeling of relnetauco that f accepted his invitation to dance Whon I touched his hand, it waa cold and clammy, and a shuddor went through mc whenever he came near. My enjoyment for the evening was ? p'uilod by thia-mysterious creature. Ho lollowod mo everywhere. Go whore I would, I could sco his wicked littlo eyes glbaraing at mo, and it was with n, sigh of roliof that I hailed tho hour when it was time to unmask. It was then thnt I saw m}' fnthor approaching, loading this man by tho arm. Ho proceeded to introduce him to mo U3 Sir. Anthony Black. From tho courtesy with which my father treatod Mr. Black I saw that he evidently liked him very much. This perplexed mc, as I thought I had nevor, in all my lifo, met any ono so Btratigely vopulsivo, and it was with much dis pleasure that I heard my father urging him to como often to see us. Ho was not slow in availing himself ot this invitation, nnd succeeding days saw liim frequently at our Kouso. My father s intorost in tho man lay in tho fact that he, too, was a student in hidden loro, and together thoy pursued this strango sci ence. Black had not visited us ninny times before I fanoiod I saw . a change in my father. ITo grow silent and moody, and roomed to ho -wandering in tho clouds most or tho time. As for 1110, the more 1-sftw of "bur visitor the inoro J giw to dioluc and distrust him, and a feeling of impending ovil camo over mo. Ono ovening my father invited him to dine with us. Ah, that hour! I can never forgot it. Tho 111:111 wore a cou tinuat smile, which seemed to hido somo thing tcmblb boliind it, and his littlo black eyes glittored. I tried to avoid looking at him, but was 5,0011 conscious of a strange fascination .'which keptmy: eyes fastened on him. Ifcltns if [.must obey, him, and my father scorned'equally fascinated ; for ho hung oil every word tho strange man uttered;'' That awful, awful dinner I It. makes mo shudder now when 1 think of it. At times t would mako an almost super human effort to removo my oyos from Black's faco, aud' thou some lmrriblo power 'slowly drew' thorn back. But at last the meal was ended, aud I escaped to my room. Nauriy, my old nurse, was waiting for mo thero, aud as I entered, sho ox clnimed: " Law, Miss Acidic, what do matter wid you, chile ? You look as dough you done soon a ghost." ./'Oh, Nanny,"l said, " lam surcsomo thing dreadful is going to happen 11 feel it—l sco it!" "Breaa do chile!" said Nanny. "Nuffen drefful can't happen to yo' while 010 Nanny's around to tako caro ob you! Don' bodder yo' head 'bout dat no' mo', honoy." " Nanny,'- said I, " tho nest time that Mr. Black comes horo, I want you to try and'seo him, and then tell mo what you think of him." Nanny's opportunity camo soon, for in a couplo of days the man was thoro again, and she happened to let him in. She came running upstairs, and burst in upon mo. "I soc him I I see him! Lor, Miss Addio, dedebbil's'in dat man! What for 010 marso want to bring such a ting as.dat hoahi Sho's I stau' hoah, Miss Addio, I tink when I sco him dat de ole boy come to call." Nanny's opinion convinced mo that there really was somothing fearful about Mr. Black. A nameless terror took possession of mc, and though I tried to shako off tho feeling, gloom porvaded everything. ? He continued to como frequently to the house, and I was often, at my father's request, compelled to sco him j but I never did so without feeling conscioua that I was entirely subject to his will. One day my father sent for mo to come to the library. Tho summons I used to obey so gladly filled mo with droad, nnd I entered with fear and trembling. I noticed that he seemed troubled, and it struck mo forcibly how changed ho was. Ho looked pule and haggard, and had lost his old easy, good-natured address. Ho tried to avoid looking at mc, and it was iv a sharp, nervous manner that he com municated his Vuowa." His "dear friend," Mr. Black, had made mo an offer of marringo, which ho hoped 1 would cousidor favorably. I looked at him, horrified. Could it bo possible that ho would sacriCco mo, his pet, his idol, to that odious crea ture ? " O father, father !" I cried. " What can you bo thinking of ? Are yon crazy ? What is tho matter with you * What is tho matter with us all? Never 1 Never !" I screamed. " I will dio first!" I rushed from the room to my faithful old Nanny, and burying my head in her lap, cried as if my heart would break. I felt as if Nanny was tho only friend I had in the world now. "Bioss my baby!" said she. "What dey been a doin' now to bring da gief to my pore chile?" "Oh, Nanny," said I, " he wants to marry mo to him." " Marry you to who, honey ?" "To Mr. Black. O Nanny, Nanny! I wish I was dead !" "What. marry you to dat 010 cioss oyed debbilV Well,' dey bettor not'/ Olo.Nanny pizen him, sho'3 yo' bo' 11! Yo' jus' tell,olo marso yo' won't do it, an' ho won't Bay nuli'eii. Ugh!'he must a clean gono los hia senses. Nobor niin' doro honey now, don' cry no 1110." I fully determined that if my father insisted on my marrying Black, I would run away ; hut lio never mentioned tho subjoct to ine again. He must, however, have told the man of my refusal, for Iho next time 1 saw him ho appeared to ine moro evil, if possible, than ever. His ugly eyes gleamed wickedly, nnd behind tho Satanic grin whioh ho always wore he seomed to say, *' I'll conquer you." His terrible power over mc remained tho samo, and 1 soon became awnro that I had lost entire control of my own actions. In his presence I was impelled to do tlio strangest things. I ran around tho room, chasing imaginary buttortlios ; then I sang and danced, and jumped rope, and went on doing most ridiculous things. Tho strange pavt of it was that my mind remained perfectly clear, and 1 know everything I did, although I had no powor to control mysolf. Ono. day, after an exhibition of this kind, I saw with terror my father's stnrtlod face; Black's fiendish counten ance. Oh, how terriblo it all was 1 They consulted togethor, and presently my fathor called a servant, and beforo long a physictin arrived. I had te v Bitting quiot for somo timo, hut tho minute tho doctor camo I again began screaming and jumping. Tho doctor shook his' head, and told them 1 was hopelessly insane. Tho anguish of my mind was intense. Why could 1 not speak ? What was it that hold mo dumb? Perhaps I could write. I started for pencil and paper, but sank back iv my chair, uiiablo to move. , It seemed but a few moments boforo I Was- put into a coach with all threo moit and driven off. I saw old Nanny sit rocking herself back find forth, and moan ning out, — "My brc3scd darling! My bressod darling 1 Oh, let mo go wid my chile !" I tried to call her, but my tongue was paralyzed, and I oould not utter a sound. Presently wo stopped beforo a largo building, whioh wo all entered, Mr. Black and my father loading mo in. Wo wero met by a kind-looking old gentle man who glanced pityingly at mo. They hold a short whispered conversation, and thon I heard him say,— ?' Too bad, too bad 1 And 30 young !" ? I saw my father preparing to leave without mo 1 How I tried to beg him not to go and leavo mo ; But I could not. Uo wont slowly out of tho room,'leaving only Mr. Black, who then approached autf hissed in my car,- ..--.. "Ifa, ha, my lady 1 Is this.preferable to marrying mc J l ' I watched him' depart' in silence, but .the instaut ho was out of the room I was myself again. ' I started for tho door, screaming,' " Father, father 1 Conic hack 1" l>ut I wns seized by a ciiuplo of atten dants aud led forcibly away. 1 heard eluiok after shriek ring through tho building, and nwoko to tho horrible reality that I was in a.madhouse, and was thought to be mad myself.' .- 'No- ono can. know the agony of that moment, for I folt how fulilo would bo all my efforts to convince any ono that I was snne. L was shorn of all my beautiful hair, of whioh I was so proud, and left to follow my own -.inclination. I made two or throo unsuccessful altompts to convinco tho phy sicians of my sanity, then givo up the idea as useless. I spent my timo in painting, for which I had somo talent, and beforo long had completed a portrait of my father. JIo called onco or twico to see rue, but always in company with Black, who put mc im medintdly under tho spell that lasted till thoy wero gone. Thus it was decided that their visits aggravated my case and 1 was debarred from seeing them any niore. My only hope now was to escape. How closely I Watched, every opportunity! But weeks and months passed away before I could carry out my purpose. Then, ono night, 1 heard a cry of firo. I sprang from my bed and hastily dressed, but not beforo I wa? nearly choked with smoke. Tho guards were rushing through tho halls, wild with oxcitemont, opening the doors and begging the poor mad crea tures to como forth ; but many wero so paralj'ood with fright that they stubbornly refused,. and numbers perished in tho flames. I "needed no urging, hut, seezing my father's portrait, ran through tho open_door, unmolested. Every place waa open. Even the heavy gatos in the yard formed no barrier now, as tho firomon hud torn them away, and I passed through unj noticed. I ran till I was out of breath. It then flashed across mc that my appearance (for I was without hat or cloak) in the streets of London at midnight would at. tho very least oxcito suspicion. I stood still and gazed about mo, t puzzled what to do or whero to go, I knew that I must act quickly, as, if soon, I was in great danger of being arrested. My brain was in a whirl. I imagined I saw pursuers on every hand. Somo dis tance ahead of mc I spied a church. Ah, thero was a refuge! I would find a hiding place thoro till morning. I started oil again, running till I reached tho church door. I wm conscious of seeing lights inside, somo form 3 moving about, and after that 1 know no more, fori had fallen senseless. Somo strangers found mc there, and had mc conveyed to a hospitr-l, and it was about a month after this that 1 awoko to find myself in a largo room, with tho sick around mo on every side. Where was I now ? Would wonders never cease? I soon learned that I had boen very ill with .brain fovor. 'Tho excitement and strain on my nervous system, caused by the events of tho past few months, had boon tooiiiiichfurme, and I had succumbed at last; but tho crisis was now past, and I was recovering. As I lay thoro looking around, it certainly seemed a novel situation for mo, Addio iStanloy, tho child of tho mil lionaire, to bo a charity patient iv a city hospital. 1 continued to improvo rapidly, and was soon ablo to thiidc about leaving, I had withheld my namo from tho hospital nutliuritie*, but promised to reward them largely for. their kind caro of mo doling my illness. Thoy kindly furnished mo with outside apparel aud somo money, aud then I started out once more. I imuiddiately called a cab, aud giving tho driver my lathers address, was soon on my homeward way. Then I begun to wonder what he would Bay whon ho saw mo, and tho horrible thought crossed my mind that ho might send 111 c back to the asylum. 1 wondered if Black visited the house still, aud if old Nanny would, bo there to receive mc, and hear her call mc hor "brcssedcliilo" onco moro ! I was so lost in thoughts liko those that I started in ouipriso when I found wo had stopped. " Hi guess this 'eros the houso, mum," said tho driver, jumping down. I boundod out of tlio cab and up the stops and rang tho bell. No nnswor. I rang again and again, but failed to bring any response. Then I noticed that tho houso was closed, and a general air of ne glect hung about tho phico. " What shall Ido '/ What shall I do?" I cried, wringing my bauds. 1 lookoil up and down tho street, in tho hope of seeing some ono 1 know, but all wero strangers, and I stood thoro alono in tho world. Suddenly n, bright thought camo to mo. I would go to my father's lawyer. Ho could toll 1110 tho moaniii'' of all this. When I reached his oflico, Mr. Colton was at his desk. Ho started up when ho saw mo, and his faco grow deadly pale. I kiioiv from his maimer that I must pro paro myself for bad news. We were both of us so agitated that for a while neither spoke a word. Thou I tremblingly begged him to tell mo of my futher. "My poor girl," ho said at hist, "ho died very suddenly about a month ago ; h ; s death Avas caused by tho shock of hearing that you had boen burned to doathiu the asylum firo—so it was said at tho timo. His money and everything of value wns left to Mr. Black. There has evidently been boiuo awful .mistake for which I cannot account. \Vo had the asylum grounds thoroughly Boarched, but you could not bo found, so wu conoludod you had perished.'' [ told him of my escape and my ill ness aftorward, also tbat I had nover beon insane, but had boon led to appear so through Iho awful influcnco of Bhick. And now I was left ponniless, and that dreadful man had my money 1 . The moro I'thought of it, tho moro strango it socmed that my father should have left his wealth to an entire stranger, and away from his own brothers and sisters. This,' togethor. with his sudden death, aroused niy suspicions of some thing wrong. Suppose that Black' had used Ids hideous power on him also, and had forced him to make his will, and thon murdered him ? It was a fearful thought, but it might bo true, and if so, the crime must be proved. ? ' - . '. I mentioned my suspicion to Mr. Colton, and. ho soon became as deeply impressed with the idea of foul play as I was myself...'Wo went immediately to work to decide upon a way by which wo might entrap tho murderer and recover the fortune that rightfully belonged to ?m 0.., Wliilo wo wore considering the matter, Mr. Colton kindly entertained mo at his hoUoO. Al length I hit upon a plan. I remem bered how superstitious Black was, and determined to frighten him into a con fession. It was now that my ability'to cast "spirit" photographs upon tho wall would bo of uso. I .would procure tho services of a famous ventritoquist, and, with tho lawyer, wo would proceed to Blaok'3 lioubo, and by theso manifesta tions, force him to confess his guilt. I disclosed my plan to Mr. Colton, who agreed willingly, to it. Wo went quickly to work, and soon had our arrangements completed entirely to our satisfaction. I wa3 thankful that I had saved tho por trait I painted of my father, for I needed it to carry out my plans. Tho day finally arrived whon wo were to perform this torriblo duty. My heart sank nt the thought of seeing Black again as we approached tho house, I was obliged to' bring all my will power to bear in order to prevent turning back at the last moment. Mr. Colton observed my nervousness, and whispering a few encouraging words, he rang the bell. A withered old woman camo to the door; she oyed us. .suspiciously when we inquired for Mr. Black; Sho showed ua' into a side room which was vory dark, a fact which pleased mc, as it was much better suited to my purpose than a light ono. Gradually, as my eyes became accus tomed to tho darkness, and I could discern different objects in the room, I saw several articles of furniture that had belonged to: my father. This aroused my anger, and helped to mako my task moro easy. ' Fortune favored us, for Black was so long in making hia appearance that 1 had plenty of time to prepare everything very satisfactorily. I then hid myself behind a largo screon, so that when ho entered tho room he did not see mc. He bowed graciously, and with his usual sangfroid, to Mr. Colton, who proceeded imme diately to business. "Mr. Black," said ho, "I havo been retnuied as counsel by a rolntivo of Mr. Stanley's to investigate the canse of his death. Thero is a strong suspicion of foul play, and as you havo been tho only ono benefitted by his decease, tho sus picion of murder naturally falls on you. I ask you now, in the name of tho law, to refuto this charge, and to prove that the accusation is untrue." Black fairly tromblcd with rage. He sprang to his foot, showering curses upon tho lawyer and his retainers. "Youlie! I say you lie!" ho yelled out liko a demon. " Provo your vile assertion ! Prove it, I say, or by tho gods, you shall 3ufl'or for this 1 I mur dered him, did I ? Prove it!" Ho continued with a torrent of abuse, frequently intermingled with oaths. Mr. Colton then gavo mc thu signal, and suddenly upon the wall appoared my father's features. They grow and plainer, till finally his wholo figure soemod to stand out in bold relief. Black's eyes dilated in torror. Great beads of perspiration stood out upon his foreho:id. Ho dug his nails in his flesh till the blood.spurted forth. Thou, in a Bolomn, sepulchral voice tho "spirit" suid, — " Confess I" " Mercy !" panted Black. " Mercy 1 I will toll all!" -?. " Confess !" again uttorcd tho voico. Not a sound was heard save tho pant ing and moaning of tho torrilicd man as ho crouohed upon tha floor. " Confess !" Black rollod over on his face, as if to shut out tho vision. "Ah, yes!" ho groaned, "I killed him ! I hoped, to gain control of his money by ir.arryiug his daughter, but sho 'refused mc. Yes, sho refused iino, but 1 had myrovongo. I'mado her net like a lunatic. It was my power she could not withstand.' It was through mo sho was locked up in a madhouse. That was sweet revenge, but it was not all, for in the dead of night I sot fire to the madhouse and burned her up." Horo ho broke into n, paroxysm of wild laughter. Evidently torror waa turning his brnin. "Thon," ho began again, "I mes merised old Stanley, and forced him to mako his \vill_ in my favor. When that was dono I poisoned him—and now bo's thoro to toll you of it I" ho criod, spring ing up and shaking his fist at tho vision. _ Just, hero I stepped out from my hid ing place Ho turned and saw mo. "You, too?" he shrieked in anguish. "You, too, como back to accuse nio? Mercy!?? Ha !ha! No mercy for mo!" Suddenly his faco turned purple; he covered it with his hands, gasped for breath, and fell back, dead ! Tho guilty wretch had actually died with fright. Thus ended tho eventful portion of my life's history. Through tho kindly efforts of Mr. Colton, the will by which Black hud obtained possession of my father's fortune was declared illegal, and I was proved his heiress. Great publicity was givon to the ease through the daily papers, and ono day who Bhould como hobbling into Mr. Colton's office but old Nanny, and I heard her saying, "Whar dat bressed chile?" Soon after wo went lo Italy, to join somo of my mother's rolatives. ' I never want to ace London again. 