WT have already pointed out that the time at the disposal of parliament between the opening of the present session and the and of the year may be regarded as limited to fourteen working days and cannot exceed seventeen; and thereforo, while approving the policy of the govermnent in endeavouring to confino the session to financial matters, we must venture to hope that they will not, as they appear to intend, complicate the situation and help to defeat their own object by introducing other measures without attempting to pass them into law this session. We know that it will be said that measures would thus be placed before the country; but we agree with one of our Sydney contemporarioes who says- The practice of bringing in bills one neeelon which are not intended to be gone on with until the next may be justifiable on rare occaioens, but no a rule It works badly; it causes loss of time, and hinders rather than promotes the object in view. It is contemplated, ancording to a paragraph in bho epooch quoted above, to introduce this cession an electoral bill and a local government bill, besides other Important meonutrone, not otin of which dons the government proloa0 to grapple with thin cession. This is a practice of which it is imipovsible to approve. It is advantageous, so the argnCient rulnn, to bring in bills in this way, becaueo the opinion of the country upon them in thus obtained ; but if an advantago is gained ii this manneor, it is moro than countorbalancod by obvious dinsdvautlgies. The remarks made on this point by Mr. O'Connor in the upper house were excellout. In his opiniopl the difficulty in transacting parliamentary business in this colony, though caused to a cortain extout by obstruction, is also occasiotned by the way in which different measrsee are proposed, discussed, and post poned, and other nieaslrSn brought folward, dis cussed, and poestponod. Tihe practice is wotoeful of time, and loads parliament into unbusinoeo-liko habits. It is to be hoped therefore that the govern ment will not souk to carry out this portion of its programme. It may be added that at least one of those measures, the local government bill, has already beeoon before the country some months, and therefore no object whatever can be served by re- introducing it. It has not hitherto beeoon much discussed or thought about, nor will it be until a serious attempt shall be made to pass it; and tie same may be said of any other measure that may be introdnood only to stand over. And though some people may be disposed to regret this, it is only natural. If we of the press for instance had fully considered and elaborately disouseod thlio local government bill whou it first reached its some months ago, our arguments would lie forgotten long before it comes on for the consideration of parliament some months honoo; time and space would to a great extent be wasted; and we should have offored to our readers articles which either they would not road, or, having road, would forgot; so that when the time for effective discussion ar rived, we should have to go over the same ground again. We do not see the advan. tage of this; and whatever may be the caseno with the daily metropolitan papers, the pro vincial press could not afford space for the elaborate discussion twice over of a single measure. In addition, it may be regarded as a pity that any administration should publish its measures until they are fully matured. During the next few months further consideration may be given to bills proposed to be introduced, with the result that they may be greatly changed ; so that to discuss them now would bo to discuss provisions that may never be actually sub mittod to the legislaturo. We hope then that no ill-judged attenmpt will be made to introduce bills which cannot pass this session. With but fourtoun work ing days at their disposal it would be folly to waste oven an hour. : Private members and the opposition cor tainly exorcised a considerable degree of self-restraint on Tuesday, when the address in reply to the opening speech was agreed to with only the one night's debate. As a Jrule this is all that is nooossary or ex podiont; but during the last few years the debates on the address have been much protracted, and the Assemblies both bore and in Victoria have exhibited the indecent spectacle of carrying on ordinary business while the vice-regal speech was still unto knowledgod. The Assembly may thoerofore be congratulated on taking a more seemly, loyal, and dignified course on the present ,occasion. But we must not from this sup pose that there is a reasonable prospect that the administration will find it easy to make the session a short one. If we wero very sanguinely to supposo that the forbearance shown on Tuesday be toltenod an intention to refrain from obstructive tactics, nevertheless the fact remains that private mombers have their :hobbies which they can be prevented from riding only by the fullest exorcise of the restraining power the administration and their followers possess and which the state of the public business imperatively demands shall be enforced more rigorously than has hitherto at any time boon attompted. To show how dangerous is this hobby. riding, we may mention that on the open ing day no loss than twenty-six motions were tabled by private members. Two of those had relation to the appointme?ut of chairman of committeeoos, and wore theoroe fore necessary for the business of the session. But not so with the other twenty-four. Two or three are distinctly obstructivo; whilo others involve the considoration of largo questions, and others of questions which though not largo yet involvo con siderablo diversities of opinion; so that there need be no hesitation in saying that, apart altogether from government business and apart altogether from any further notices which may be given later on, enough work is already proposed to keep the Assembly fully occupied for an entire session of average length. Lot our readers look at the list and judge for themselves. A reso lution censuring the Speaker; an inquiry into the leasing of the tramways ; a divorce bill ; a bill to amend the Trades Marks Act; another to amend the Employers' Liability Act; a factories and workshops bill; a totalisator bill; a state-house repeal bill; returns relating to the public works com mittee; bill for working coal-mines during strikes ; debatable resolutions in re public roads, and the endowment of municipalitieso ; appointment of committee in re boards of conciliation; water conservation and irri gation at Lake George; motion about teaching horticulturo in public schools; important resolutions in ro land policy returns of unoccupied houses; Californian mail contract ; several further resolutions in re land policy ; local option extension bill; railway to Cassil;s; further resolution about municipal endowments; and a select com mittee about a forfeited selection. We repeat that here is work enough, should its completion be seriously attempted, to pre vent the session being a short one. It appears to us that there is only one safe course open to the ministry, and that it should be taken at once, firmly and unhesi tatingly, and should not hereafter be deoviated from either for friend or foe. That course is to oppose with all their force the introduction by private members of debat able matter of any kind whatever, even if they agree with the plrinciples involved. They should set down their foot firmly, and say " No I We intend this for a short session, and it shall be a short session. We intend to transact the financial business within the year, and we will transact it within the year. If when the 81st December comes, we find we have failed, then we shall consider we have not the confidence of parliament and we will make way for other administrators." And to strengthen them in this course we suggest that the premier propose a resolution forbidding the intro. duction of any business whatever until that relating to the finances has boon first disposed of. It may be that there are difficulties in the way of framing and passing such a resolution ; but surely those could be overcome. And certainly if a restraining power be not at once exercised, and that in It most effeootive way, there can be no hope that the intentions of the government, the wishes of the people, can be carried out. The dream of " good government" will be a dream still, and one which sensible men will no longer care to be lulled into. tVeslNy?eIn Clrllerhlh.-To-morrow evoning, at the Weoloynn olurobh, the Rev. A. J. Webb will preach on Horno-racing, nod at an after-meeting short anddressso on the subject will be given by laymen, All are invited to attond. Wo gather that this in intended as a church proteoot against horse-rnoing no at proesent conducnted. ;t. Staviotur'n Cmntlledranl. - Order of nervice to- morrow:--Morning prayers, 11 n.m.; preacher, lnov. Dr. Ellia ; subject, tile Pruning of the Vineo. Evening prayers, 7 p.m.; Magnificat nd Nono Dimnittie (Parry) ; anthem, Boehold how good and joyful (Whitfield); precher Rov. Dr. Ellin; nsubject, Holy Baptiern. 'Ptrimnitive I~(etBlodist SnHedrny School. -Tlhe arnnivereary srrnous of thi b school will be preached in tile Primitive Mothodist church, Lngeoon. street, to-Lmorrow morninr g and evening by the Rov. 1'. H. Young of Parramatta. A ohildrern' earvice, coniAeting of hymns Ir and recitations by tih children and an adtdr'res by Mr. Young, will be hold in the church at three o'cloolk n the afteruoon. Tire aunnal tea and publio mooting will take place on T?osday evening, and the annual pionio on Wcdnuen day in Mr. Ornnaeull'a paddock. Inlportranlt P?r'operty Sale,--Attention in directed to the important sonl of oity nud suburban proportion by Mernrs. Finlay and Co. on Tuoeday morning next. Amourgt tlie proportion to be offered are lravoonworth, Heraldeno, Hazelbrook, Maborley, the Excelior Mill, Little Gundary, Konmore farm, Kent Grove orohard, and others. Full particulars are given in our advertieoment columns. SrinatingF..-Attention in directed to the ndver tieomnnt in another eoulunr relating to next week's attraetions at the Elite Skating Rinkl. On Monday the champion lady stator Mios Mabel Sylvester will re.appear, and on Tuesday the sooond grand carnival will tako placeno; and there will bo an amateur handicap during tile weak. 'Il'ae Hlone. J.ohnmn Lackey l?lL.C. was on Weadnesday entertained at dinner at Mons Vale, and prenntlod with a il!ver table service by the members of the IBrrima District Agricultural Society, in rcolnition of his offorts to promote agricultural intoroets. About fifty geontlemon no uembled to do honor to the gueost, and a very pleanant evening ao oponrt. A illigin-clnss Concert in aid of the iomanu atholic orphanageo wa given in the ncademy of manin lnst evening to a crowded house. MIrs. Mo Donald (n60 Mies Kate Slattery), Herr Hugo Alpeon, and other metropolitan celobritieo, together with necomplished loonl amateurs, took, part, and tihe conocrt was in overy respect ongeeoasLul. Further partioulars will appaor in a future ianue. -oulbumlel'r .Slllbtlee Ellimhstlt'ls. - This company appearod at the temporaneo.lhll, Bungen. dtore, on Wednesday evening, nod woro enthusineti cally greeted by a full houeo. An excellent pro grarlnmo of a varied character was produced for the deleluation of the Bnrgendoro people, who teotified their aplpreoiation of the performrer' talents by fro quent applause. Moessr. W. Harrinon and W. Mooro were the corner men; Mr. A. D'Egvillo, in. terlocutor; whilo Mr. H. White presided at the piauo. A really good performanceuo was couoluded by the hulmorous farco, A Ghost in n Pawanhop. The minstrols have been requested to pay another visit to Bungendoro, which requent they will probably comply with at an early dato. Neck or Nothtlnlg.-Thei members of Our Boys Dramatic Club gave an entertainment in the academy of musio on Thursday evening last, when they commemorated the thirty.fourth anniversary of the battle of Balalnava by producing the sensational military drama Nook or Nothing. There was only a moderato attendance, but what was Inoling in num beor was compensated for to a certain extent by the ruthusinam of those present. The drama is of a very stirring character, with a good plot and exciting incidento. The pie0e was Rtaged in a manner that reflected much credit onl the members of the club. The features of the drama were vividly illustrated by stage effeots, and trhe various tableaux woro well mununged. The members of the club individually and collectively naquitted thoemanlvea very creditably, and thlie ntertainment merited a much better house. In the secoond not Mr. A. D'Egvillo sang well the fine soncg Balaclava, for which Ihe was warmly ap plauded. Mr. A. . Judd rooeited the Chargo of the Light Brigado. During the oevenig the l'atrieian BrothIer' fifo nud drum and thie Premier bande played nome firot.olass military aolectlous and the ex-andeti assisted In some of the soonro. Meoaro. O'Keofo (violin) and HIollia (piano) also contributed selections, and tile ovening was passed ploeanatly. Conditionalli PI'lrcllienaef rald Leases. -Applications wore made on Thursday aInt no nuder:-At Goulburn: Willian HIenry Carpenter, 100 anorou o.p. nod 110 acren ol., Wayo; James Iuymor, 40 noares o.p., Jerrara.-At Yeas: John Holmes Wilson, 40 acreon ad 60 nares o.p. and 8l00 norea o.l,, Murnoonan; Robort Percy Johnson, 40 noare o.p. and 480 aores o.l. Murrumbatemann; ditto, 40 nacre a.p. and 120 aores o,. Tounal; James Connell, 06g nares o.p,, Jolr; James Horton, 461 acros o.p., Mundoonau. 