DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. (From our own Correspondent,) The hearty welcome which was accorded their beloved bishop by both priests and people on his Lordship's return to them again after his long voyage to Europe, whither he had gone in order to be present at the Jubilee of Our Holy Father, was equalled, if not surpassed, by the cead millefailthe that was given to the venerated pbelate by the religioujs communities in Ballarat and the children under their charge last week. The various convent schools vied with each other in their endeavours to show their love, affection, and respect for their revered pastor. This was evinced by the beautiful—nay, splendid —entertainments that were specially got up for the auspicious occasion by these establishments, which, while testifying to the love and veneration in which his Lordship is held by them, showed also the resources at their command. As to the very great ability displayed in the various performances, and the excellent taste exhibited, there was only one opinion amongst the distinguished visitors, both clerical and lay, who had the happiness of being present, several of whom had only just left Ireland, and had abundant opportunities of forming a correct judgment. In every school his Lordship visited, he received an address of welcome couched in the most beautiful and affectionate terms. The first establishment that welcomed his Lordship was LORETTO' CONVENT, MARY'S MOUNT, WENDOUREE. The entertainment here was held in the large schoolroom, on Tuesday evening. There was a large attendance of clergymen and lay visitors, including Monsignor Hoyne, V.G., Monsignor O'Dowd, V.G. ; Very Rev. Fr. Vaughan, superior of the Redemptorist Fathers; Fr. O'Farrell, C.S.S.R.; Very Rev. Fr. Hagarty (St. Kilda), Very Rev. Fr. Reffe, president of the College of the Holy Ghost; Frs. Halson and O'Neill, C.S.S.R., Revs. R. Scanlon (St. Arnaud), J.O'Brien (Clunes), G. Doyle, J. F. Rogers, J. J. Cleary, Dr. Delany, J. Kissane, Fr. Brennan, Fr. Carey, Fr. Griffin, Fr. Le Maire. Fr. M'Elligott, and Fr. Cleary; Messrs. D, Brophy, J.P., — Young (Melbourne), J Coghlan, J.P., J. J. Fitzgerald.J.P., Dr. Mullaly, Mr. James Rowan, and other representative gentlemen. The proceedings commenced by the Bishop being presented by the lady boarders with an address in Latin, French, Italian, German, English, and Volapük, all of which are taught at the convent. Afterwards a "Marche et Cavaline de la Lucia," by Lizst, was played by the pupils—three pianos and organ. This was followed by a cantata, entitled " Echoes from a Spirit Land," composed by the nuns of the community, which was most enjoyable, the music incidental to which was rendered in a very effective manner. The argument is as follows:—"The bells of Ballarat ring out a merry peal. As the Genius of the City listens he asks himself if this joy is shared by the Queen of the Mines and her subjects. Then Elves enter, and promise to bear him to their home. The Genius is in the presence of their Queen: she bids the Elves summon her subjects from every quarter of her realm. The Spirits of the Mines come and unite with their Queen in offering heartfelt greetings." The acting of the young ladies was excellent, and the effect was heightened by the aid of coloured lime lights. An " Andante in C" (harps, violins, 'cellos, and piano), by Alvarre, and a "Thanksgiving Chorus," by Loretto, followed, after which an amusing extravaganza, entitled " Pleasant Visitors," was performed, which elicited much laughter. The entertainment concluded by a beautiful scene, " The Queen of Loretto." At the conclusion, the Bishop rose and said he could not find words to express how deeply he felt to the young ladies for their beautiful and kind addresses, and for the warm and loving reception they had given him. Since he had been amongst them last he had travelled through many lands. One of the first objects he had in visiting any country was to see its Catholic educational establishments, and he could truly say that in none of them was there an education given superior to that of Mary's Mount. It was therefore a great pleasure for him to return and witness it still maintaining its high character. Allusion had been made in their addresses to Ireland. It was most painful to him to witness when in Ireland the distressing and sad events that were taking place in that country under an iron rule. He had seen innocent children taken up for merely selling a newspaper. They also referred to the Jubilee of our Holy Father. He (the Bishop) heard with pleasure that his Holiness had sent the pupils of Loretto, through his Secretary of State, a telegram acknowledging the receipt of the journal published by the young ladies of the convent, which they had sent to his Holiness on that auspicious occasion. The Bishop concluded by informing them that the Pope had sent them his special blessing. On Wednesday evening a welcome home was given to his Lordship by the children of LOBETTO COLLEGE, DAWSON-STBEET. Besides the clergymen above mentioned, there were a number of the principal Catholic gentlemen of the city, together with the friends and parents of the pupils also present. The schoolroom was tastefully decorated with evergreens. The proceedings commenced by an address (poetical) being read (with much taste and expression) to the Bishop by one of the young ladies. Then followed a fairy kindergarten cantata entitled " Five O'clock Tea." This piece was performed mostly by very young children, who by their graceful acting and singing, elicited the warmest applause from every person present. It served to show how " in the kindergarten system instruction is conveyed in a very agreeable form. The Fairy Queen gives an afternoon tea, at which her willing slaves tell brightly the history of each article on the table." The various choruses and songs incidental to the cantata were taken from " The Bohemian Girl." The entertainment concluded by " Scenes from the Life of St. Patrick." The manner in which the children of this school got up this, and the gorgeous dresses that were used, called forth the highest commendation from every person present. The young lady who personated St. Patrick deserves the greatest praise for the admirable manner'in which ghe acted. It formed an historical picture, and made such a vivid impression upon everyone present that it will not be goon forgotten. The first scene represented St. Patrick announcing his mission at Tara; song, " The Harp that once through Tara's Halls." Second scene, Meeting of St. Patrick and the' Princesses Fedelin and Ethna—their conversion ;, song, Love's Young Dream." Third scene, St, Patrick in praye* on. Mount typachpn} he is visited and confloled, by" the angel Vibtor. Tableau: The angel Victor , making known to St. ,Patrick that God had granted hi* P* a y# r> Song," Has SorrowThyYoung pfjrs Shade^P" The singing pf these beautiful Irish melodies, whs* harmonised, was excellent. fiL*" 8 entire performance reflected iWv aa credit upon the good who have taken a great amount o lonvTf produce it so effective^ elusion of the piece, the B i s W ^ thanked the children for tLKl addresses, and in a few toucWwS expressed the deep solicitude he feR the young lambs of his flock iSi ot sitting down, his Lordship said'tktT entertainment they had ius ^fn 1 reflected the greatest S f j establishment an opinion which J endorsed by Fr. Reff«S, who said thaU was worthy of royalty itaelf, both J the execution and getting up, and tW it was worth coming 12,000 miles,! visited 8 g ^ day his ST. ALOYSIUS' PHIMABY SCHOOL, BEDAN where the children of that school and bt. Josephs had assembled to greet his Lordship on his return. The school was decorated with evergreens, and beautiful plush banners of St. Joseph and St Aloysms, adorned with gold l ace spangles, were displayed, one at either side of the statue of Our Lady. After an address of welcome to the Bishop had been read by one of the pupils, a welcome song was sung, in which the children joined. Afterwards a number of questions on the history of the colony, and also in domestic economy, were put to the children, the ready answers which they gave showing the care which had been bestowed on this part of their education by the nuns, This was followed by "skippingdrill" and "ring drill," the latter being performed by very young children. A number of songs and recitations were afterwards given. At the conclusion his Lordship replied to the address in feeling terms. On Thursday the Bishop visited the PBIMABY SCHOOL OF THE SISXEES OP MEBCY, BALLARAT EAST, where his Lordship received an address of welcome from the pupils. In the evening the Bishop received a most cordial welcome from the pupils of the SELECT SCHOOL OF THE COHVEKT 0? MEBCY, BALLABAT EAST. The schoolroom was beautifully decorated with garlands and evergreens for the occasion, a throne being erected for the Bishop. His Lordship was accompanied by Monsignor Hoyne, V.Cr., and a large number of priests, whose names are mentioned above. After an overture (Tancredi) had been played, an address of welcome to the Bishop (poetical) was read by one of the young ladies. A chorus, " Australia," was then given, a duet on the piano, " Invitation a In Valse," following. This was succeeded by a beautiful tableau representing " The Annunciation," the figures in which were represented by pupils of the school. The graceful and statuesque manner in which each took her parti combined with the beauty of the grouping, elicited the wannest ap- E lause. The effect was very much eightened by the various coloured lime lights which were used. A vocal duet, "Dreamland," followed. This was succeeded by a violin trio, " Weber s Last Waltz." A beautiful scene, entitled " The Angel of Mercy," followed This was a most touching scene, and drew forth the applause of all present. A piano duet, "Caprice" (Chopin),was the next number. This was succeeded by a "minuet," in which a number of the pupils took part, and the graceful way in which it was done by the youne ladies deserves all praise. The coloured lights used added greatly to the effect. A piano duet, "Les Carriers," followed after which a vocal duet, " Come o er the Moonlit Sea," was gven. This was followed by a quartette on the piano, in® Wedding March." The performance concluded by a grand tableau j representing the Worship of Our Lord by tne Magi, the grouping and statuesque character being similar to the one above described. Both tableaux elicited tne warmest enconiums from every P ers ® present. All the other numbers were well rendered, and showed the care™ manner in which the pupils f tms school were educated by the good At the conclusion the Bishop, in thawing the children for their nice adfcess, said it afforded him great pleasure to be present, and he was sure that eve? person there heartily enjoyed the enter tainment. He was much ple*»° d witness the great improvement tbatna been made in every department aiw»s the year that he had been absent. had in their address made r?fcr®° to the old land where n.^ d which she was now pMamg thwjlJ and that the parents of the PPP" 8 send the people of t|»t pountiyau w in their power to alleviate [o J." TTnvne, V.G., said he had n Snrfy Veksed with the whole been eiceedmgiJF d " f S S and reflected the highest r* fheir worthy teachers. Everyi«««nt was charmed. He concluded his congratulations to the I L W l^ponthe wonderful success C w achieved, and on their being ! Hmtaently successful. His Lordship ^nSh pupils a holiday on the ocalion. OaFridayevening the ''welcome home' — • - was given in THE 10BETTO TRAINING COLLEGE, Vjii of which was nicely decorated 2 th garlands and festoons of evergreens, «mber of beautiful bannerettes, bear- I Z appropriate sentences, being hung mnnd the room, two of which were of 1 JZn and bore sentences of welcome m | & h language. Besides the clergy, 1 number of visitors were present. The woceedings commenced by an address I L the Bishop from the students of the Training College. At the concluding | wnj 8) « Welcome! a hundred thousand j welcomes!" the curtain rose, when a beautiful scene was disclosed. The 1 ijclteround represented a grotto, lighted [ b T fairy lamps. In the centre was an arch ! composed of a number of coloured shields, i 0n each of which was inscribed a letter of the word " Welcome." Arranged on the dais were the Btudents of the college, who took up the word welcome in a beautifully harmonised air. The next I item was a cantata, entitled the " New Year." The first part of the programme concluded with a pianoforte duet, " Poet ud Peasant." The second part opened with an address of welcome to his Lord- I ship in French, showing the proficiency of the students in this branch. This was Ifollowed by a petite comedy, "The I Legacy." At the conclusion, the Bishop I thanked the students for their kind and I beautiful address, and expressed the I pleasure he felt at being present at the I admirable entertainment which he had It was a proof—if such were ssaiy—of the excellent trainthe students received in the Training College, and that there m a good deal of latent talent amongst tlem. Although the college had been in I existence a very few years, it had been I very successful. Several of the students I trained in the college were at present I holding positions in the Catholic schools I in this colony, and also in New South Wales and New Zealand, and were giving great satisfaction. He had always taken a deep interest in the progress of the I college. The Bishop concluded by ex- I pressing a hope that the institution would continue to flourish, and that the present students would, like those he had referred to, be a credit to it. I may mention that • the nuns, in every case, with their usual 1 Spitality, provided light refreshments I f the visitors. On Monday, the 12th I int., his Lordship paid a visit to the new | school of ST. ALIPIUs', BALLABAT EAST, I low under the charge of the Chris- Itian Brothers, where he received a I hearty welcome from the brothers land pupils, who raised three hearty cheers as the Bishop entered. After wme singing by the boys, his Lord- 'tip expressed the pleasure he felt at seeing the new school and the progress it was making. There was a large attendance of boys. In the afternoon visited the cheistian beothees' SCH001, SKIPTON-STEEET, j^ere he was enthusiastically received f?D k° y8 under the charge of Bro. V Hagan, the principal of the Christian Mothers in Ballarat. The Bishop was ^ pleased at the large attendance and we flourishing state of the school. At the meeting of the men's branch of to Confraternity of the Holy Family, wich was held in the Cathedral last Monday evening, the Very Rev. Pr. "Farrell, C.S.S.R., presided. There ! 118 a large attendance. After the usual aerotions, P r . O'Farrell addressed a few words to the members, showing the great Progress the Confraternities of the Holy *, 1 ? ? established in Australasia had ade during the past seven years. The members at present belonging to the anoaj confraternities numbered 10,000. inis was most gratifying. The Ballarat ity was tte iTfT largest. In speak- Z a others, the rev. gentleman S mention of the Geelong Confratorf ^ d attained to great one ha 01,1 as Son j regards its organisaf^ ^. congregational singing. ConaSW-W-d- been established Sydney,Newcastle, Maitfit ^burn, New South Wales; East K, 8 - Melbourne; St Mary's, S Gteln - t - George's, Carlton; -^R Md Ballarat, in Victoria; Neir'? 0^Australia; andDunedin, ^»v!~ n £,A Eter - tbe devotions,a «*Mag Washeldin thelibiwy/fttwhich. a large number of the Catholics of Ballarat attended, chiefly those belonging to the Confraternity, for the purpose of taking steps to encourage and support the Redemptorist Fathers in the building of the new monastery which they contemplate erecting at Windermere, Ballarat. At present the fathers have no place of residence, and therefore they require to erect at once some Suitable buildings. In a few minutes close on £200 was subscribed in the hall, and a committee was formed to assist the fathers to raise the necessary funds. I understand that when Fr. O'Farrell was coming to Ballarat from New South Wales the members of the Holy Family at Newcastle—which was the first branch established in Australia—made a handsome present to the fathers towards the building of their house in Victoria. Afterwards Fr. O'Farrell thanked them for their generous and hearty approval, and the practical support which the gentlemen present had shown. I feel assured, seeing the great good which must follow the residence of Redemptorist Fathers amongst us, and the love in which they are held by the Catholics of Ballarat, that the initiative so well begun will be strenuously followed up by them. The Redemptorist Fathers are at present holding mission at Koroit. The Rev. Frs. Plunkett, O'Neill, and Halson are conducting it. It was opened laBt Sunday. Mr. Martin Lougjhlin, J.P., with his usual generosity, has donated to the Little Sisters of Nazareth, through Mr. J. J. Fitzgerald, J.P., the munificent sum of £100. 