WESLEY AN SUNDAY-S0UOOL. Timn: sermons in connection with the annivoreary of the above sehool were preahobd on Sunday morning and evening last by the Rov. W. Clariko, a largo congrogation being present on each occasion. The clurch was decorated, with fermns, and hymuo spooially selected for the ooeneion wore sung. In the afternoon a servico was held in the church and was well attended by children and adults. Mr. Clarko delivered a suitablo addross. Lest evening the anniversary tea and public meeting were held. The tea was laid in the sohool-room, and was so largely attended that thoro worn two crowded sittinge, Mrs. Pain, senior, was the caterer. Tables were supplied by Mrs. A. J. Webb, Mrs. J. W. Womboy, Mira. C. Rogers, and Mrn. Pain, eon., and contributions wore riven by Meodames vW. R. Riley, J. Bond, O. Furnor, W. Williams, Jones, Bray, Daltop, J. Oliver, R. Gale, Pedley, oonior, R. Pedloy, H. 0. Cox, W. Sibson, 0. Lane, W. Lansdown, 0. Gardinor, Boran, Nnesh, T. Nosworthy, 0. Avery, and ,uxttable. After the tea a public meeting was hold in the leoture- hall, which was well filled. The audi once included a good proportion of children. Proceedings wore opened with the singing of a hymn, after which 5Mr. C. Colburt engaged in prayer. 3ho chair was oceupicu by tihe I?ev. A. J. Wobb, who said heo hod boon asked to fill theo position by the committee of tho teacliher, and ,was proud to occupy such an honourablo placo. Mr. Wobb sketched the programnmo for the ovoningo, and then called upon the choir to reonder a hymn;' which' ws sung with spirit, the children joining in most heartily. The loorotary of the school (MIr. E. Howard) read the following report: Tile omcors and tclchors of tho Gouolbirn o loyono Sunday SOchool ave pleosure ioll ree0l0tiet theoir an uunal report cor tie ycear enllding 30ti Tu'nte0, 1088. Tithe number of schiolar admittod tlorittt tCie Sear is 134; the numaer lo[, tll; an l the totat nul bar on tlio roll on tlle SOtli Juno was 0o5. SThore aro 14 clhsteo of hboy and 15 of girls. Tlhe nvertgo attoendance during tile year itts beon us fol lows r-Toaelltor.-- iSle : ltoroineg, Oi; aitornoon, 10\. yomalo.-Storniin, 8; afternoon, 14. Scholors. loyo.--Morning, 112; aftornoon, 175. Girls.-nMorn tltg, S0 ;.afternoon, 101. Tite beot altctndnnce of saholars wa, us ual,- ton llite two or three Sandays proiccding the school piclic. It hlnas nlwys bean a nmatter for regret that tle at tendantce in tlte teornittg hltt not been necarly that thle teochters aed oicoro wothl like to see it, ttlllourtlter, that mntty o the cholars aroe net pttncttl at eithr noritltt or aiternoonsoool. Tite telChers arete dlttg tltlir ttnles to rotetdy boll, theseoo otros of cotl rlallt, but witltout the intorestod and collstnit as sistnllce o thie parents tolir ellorti; con only bo por tinlly otccoesul. Ottr ifant schlool is oltdo tr Cie caO ou?lise Oliver nnd Mist Ida Oliver, nand is well atteidtd. Wo oro sure it wohlt gine tarentls a cotoidertbloatonoto, of itleosureoif thiey were to see tile bright and hIappy laces of tCle little ones on Sttnday aitornoon snitglng heartily their selectedl Ihytttts atid retpeating itt lehorhs tnCeir lesseons. We wootltd it ?lid to see the parentt vieitlng Ocer schoolterore eqiuenttly, and lee tnake titin opporttunity of nsscring tliolu tltat tliero is noi chonre inodo for dmissniounn lto collection. Th1e Juvenile te fisiionary Society etill ettoCeiStIIlly carries on its ood c oi tor dett trh anperintt lldotlce of its secretory, Slr. Jattes Oliver, aRld tleo ano0tlllt col. letted durittg thie yoer is £50 5Io t. WI are r icae to annlttonco talt otoef oatr ollolhro--faolty \Villiantls \--las wott dittinction for IhetrOsl nod tile soihool I"y ltaving collected a larger oam dIttritg tig lalnt Sissionary Society year thatauany otlhor eoll aoe in tioe wltolo colotty. Tble cheeliberyclTenttineensto be n imperbcntaind ecneubie inetitutien in emnceetiec withl theu echeol. It te~reicheel giond nd neete~lr cedieg, which~ cp1penee to be grectly apprecitced by tliose t, holm it Se in tended. .085 bnoek Ihce lIcn issumned derieg tho yaor, gleicgc' n cvrneiy o 3 pec iiedny. i Our nuuinl picnin-thl (1tOeieito lieititelion in coil. neeutien\nithlthn~seehoet ii~r ccncpt tile jelde/meectot tle le ijority. c( thie eloleinrae-cene tlhic ye'ar beabi' et Ceeriehe!dhen n goret eteelber ef eblildeecl, tedeberorr, elnd Iriendle eljoeyd theelneero ebcendiec~ly, theo vceetbeor, thea iprecielee, ne~d the 6omeou beileg cit thnt cold bo deosircd. Felerltbeu brighteeneni e ca repeete neoIlw Iclee te ture to tho gloom. *1'he bennd oidcllth teildem Icnlca cc ier cyeor, nleeddoring tbr ptnd ycer itbac Il-i obe itolidef eenetere of itil ordeitnaeh wnt-durt Imroin, torcrly h ine Lsnend ene o eheo Ieltll been writh]?. Mr.ll Jamea llfirc.Ror 1d ICl (trB aror realld10 thebaIaoo-1 teem hrlinie yoetbed clc red i lttc e el de or £ Incc 8eecd i nTh eone tetho beltoeinnrialn yofn to yolc neeb teem eec reehe, cS- eihereal doatI,-eiG to 3d. beteod~dor indeed tnh teenbea~l nd nd Iriendel- iceeary cnebl Inceented. In ennelinion weo ech the cclucblecanld nimect in. die ceernhie eneuianbcee ci the Ircedeu Ce clid cct inl thle eigiltditieehcrgentftile vayilprnt~o oIl~ in bendB-thtls cft~tii tee inop thea ebtideen id thle wey theyJ ebeebid teo ecet ci hleipine them to icelidr ep1 tee thei.cl eeiceneteeceeiece celcieb cciii hecrentier be creanlecielt te tblec, leeieee in thleir neneulte, Iroot treceeore toeneil nebenil. Un~reiccl,cbnncivoal, iielee i~itceicell ~.be.icgII ni thle nehebecem cnder nor ehergo, metd ceo tony, eelr nnh the Icncayrn ni the Icerclte, fleu we may bebicnsed and ceide lcececesul intnereol~rlte. Mcr. Jemee Oliver (treneerer) rend the belinee ehent, which nhewrcd a eredit helenceeof £6 llo Id. Thle hatenoc at the beoginning ni thea yoea n'en Ilit 7n3d. Mr. T. H. M.artyn (the ex-superintondent of the school) said he rose with pleasure to move the adoption of the report and balanco-shoot. He said there was a great deal of difference bp twoen the attendance at Sunday-sehools now and those of the days of good old Robert Rnikes, the founder of the ienstitutions. They could pioture that good old man walking down the strout- stopping to pat on the back somo ragged boy, some little city Arab, and by means of a pen'ortlh of ougar-candy bribing him to oume to his Sunday-school. How gret wad the con Irust between the school got together by such zmeans, and made up of such rough elemente, and the school of t0-day, with the bright faces and well-dressed forms of the children. It was a common phraseo that this was an age of pro groee, and it nothing was this more true than in thq matter of Sunday-school work. This was no stiokrin-the-mitd qgo. There was as much crowded into five years now as there was in a whole life-time a century ago. 'Things had changed a great deal in the form of education since Robert Ratoin gathered his first Sunday slchool together. Raiotes had to teach his obildren their a b e, and hlo had also to touoh themorn the alphabet of morals; but in these days it' was not thought neceaeary to consider the fundamental principles of morality, but rather the refined principles of ethics. It was the part of.the teachers to create in the children' a high idoul and win them to imitate the grandest. of all models and the greatest of all bonofactorW -OChrist. In performing this work the teachers felt that they were doing their duty. to their generation. The phrase--" the mansses are being eduncated "-ran glibly on our tongues nowadays; but he did not thiole that one .in a thousand' for .n moment conteomplated all that was embodied in that phrase. With.tho'oduce-. tion of the masses was coming the power of the masses, and in the power of the masses rightly nedd was tho great hope of the future and at the same time the great danger of the future.. He was of the people and with the people in sooking to obtain all that is the right and the due of tlo people in the soeial life. At the same time as the people got the power there was a very great danger that that power might be used not to their.advantage' but to their disadvantage, unless with the increased secular and everyday educa tion of the masses there was also an increased education of the moral life which would regulate that education. He was very nmuch pleased and somewhat surprised on reading the other day a cable message to the effect that the Briti?h Wesleyan Conforence had resolved to ask the members of the Wesleyan Church to take a more native part in the political and social life of the country. This wea one matter whero there was a little progress. It lhad been tin idea amongst the Wesleyan people that they should shrink frontlhoso things where there was danger in the form'of temptation; but good and honest and pure government was wanted, and to obtain that the rgiua of government must be given into the hands of good and honest and pure men. In their schools there were men to be found who would impart a just and moral trainilg; atid it came therefore to the Sunday schoolo to supply the want, so that the work of the Sunday-school was not only as itmportaent.but ia.great deal more important thlia it had over bube before. It had boon hit pleasure to work in this school for a period of live years, and he had never boon so convinced of the importanne of the work.no.at this moment, especially when he tookinto consideration the great opportunitieo now possessed by teachers compareod to what they enjoyedd100 years ago, and specially wheo heo thought that in 100 years time soiety .would be very different to what it was now, and'thait unless the.'power of the masses was rightly intluonced and turned in a right direotion by those who. have strong moral principles tlhe future'was dark rather than bright. ',Another hymn having been sung, ,The Rev. William ClOrko was called upon to second the rOirolution. Ho expressed his pleasure at meeting friends that he know years ago and his approval of the changee'that had. been made in .the church, which he must say was. one of the fuinct in the colony. Ho, however, did not think the position of the organ woa-good, as it precluded the members of the' choir from reaping the atdvantit goe they might otherwise from the services oin aecount of their being behind the minister. HeI entirely agreed with Mr. Martyn that the now force which had been ore?ted by the growth of intelligence amnog the masses reqnired to he properly directed, because any force unless properly dircoted worked more evil them good. This growth was visible in many other parts of the world, and amongst the Britishors whether at iome or in the colonies it was tstrongly marhkd. Years ago the people thought that the masnes should exist for the few. In the oldcivilization the idea was the few were td rule omid thIlt the nasocse existed for them. But, it had dawned upon the community that the few eoxited for the euoon:a quite as much an the massce for the few. Duoth tat the bottom wals death right through from the bottom to the top, and where there was life at the bottom there was life at the top. The old civilization overlooked this fact, and did not care if there was lifo in the tueat.es 0o long as there was life at the top. Jesus Christ taught that lifo at the bottom meant lifo at the top. The masses woro indebled to the doctrines of Jesus Christ for bringing bhis principlo before the communities, and the massenos were indbted to the influenoe of thb gospel for tho privileges they enjoyed in theen days that they did not enjoy yeara ago, nod it would be found that nas the gonltol progressed the wholo of the community would be blessed nocordingly. According to the power and nobility of the creed no would be the power and nobility of the community that accopted of that creed. There were persons who wore continually talking about the good old past. Ho maintained that the present days were the beot doys the world had over Aeon. Porsons who were continually prating of tho good old days were weak nman-so weak that tlhey never would be inspired through their memory. Power never was inspired from memory, but moved in the direction of hope. Ho would tell them how to gungo whether the world was better than over it was. Ocmpare the families of to-day with the days of Shakespearo or those of fifty years ago. The family institution was the root and trunk of thb nation. Thero might bho inuitutions in onnecotion with a nation; but institutions were likeho the leaves of a tree thoy mivht fall and would never be inirasd. Even on wrore not missed. Tho best man might pass away and hlinpllce would be filled by another or two or three others. But it could not be said that the family in a nation would not be misned. A nation roeo and was blessed and was strong according to the purity of the families of that nation. Ho maintained that the families of to-day were purer and nobler than those of even fifty years ago-that there was more family life, more family comfort, more family joy. That which was regardcd as refined and noblo fifty years ago was regarded to-day as coarao and vulgar. Why ? eonause family -life had been purified, and the family institution was thought more of to-day than it was' then. Woman had been raised by the power of the gospol to the position that the Creator intended sabe should possess as the lady of creation as man was the lord of creation.. This had beeoon acoom plished partly through the instrumentality of the Sunday-school. Woman had a noble sphere in teaching the young idea bow to shoot. Ho was pleased that we lived in a colony where theor was so much education, and where the child of every nman might expoet to be as well educated as the child of the rich or affluent. The public school was a noble system, and he hoped that high schools would be multiplied that the children of the poor would have a chance of higher education. But while it was the duty of the State to teoch at least the three r'u, it was the duty of the church to instruct the children in the other three r's-ruin by sin', redemption by Jeasu Christ, and reogonration by the Holy Ghost. The Sabbath- aohool was a very noble institution in connection with the ohuroh in teaching those groat principloa of Christianity. It was nocessary that those should be taught in order that the rising generation might have high and noble characters. Mr. ilartyn had referred to the nooessity for pure politicians. We had mon who were able to reason well and speak wioll, but we found a good many of them had virtue in their hoadr and vice in their hearts. Ho would tell the boys and girls bofore him that if they wore going to nscooed they must .take care of their ohbaraotor. How woro the children to attain to a character that would stand the toot of timbP Ho esaid they must be taught to think. It was of great importanco that ohildren should thinlk correotly and oloearly upon the groeat and noble truths of our common Christianity. It was of more importance that they should be taught to think properly on the doctrines of Christianity than to recite the horiptureo when perhaps they did not understand them. Teach themn the Catechism; do not be afraid of the word dogma. The no-called free thought of the ago was free from thought. The man who wished to spread his way wanted the people to think of what he said, and ought not teachers when they had such glorious truths to spread teach the children how to think l A groat fight was going on ; bh;t if the people grasped the truths presented unto them they need not bu afraid of the seculariem of thie day, of tie infidelity of tho day, or of the ouporstititiou of the day. What had the eooularism of the day dono for the community P IlHe poko with great respect of every man who differed from him as regards his views, but he raid the standard of Jesus Christ was true. The tree of eeoularirm was barren of fruit. When the cotton famino raged in uanchestor the secularists struck their tents and wont away, and Christian ministers and Christian men were the persons who otayed by the masses in tho groat calamity. True principles should be instilled into the minds of the children and they should he given good books to read, so that true knowledge and good principles might occupy the ground and thero could be no room for the had seed. Whero the word of God was read and discusseod supertition was not able to make much headway, if any.at all. Moro must he done for the children than tonaoiog them to think and creating in them a taste for reading good books--the teobahers must get them to Christ. The Sabbath-school wan thoehall, the vestibulo, of the church; but if the children were always kept in the hall they would go into the street unless they were brought into the drawing-room and united with the people of God. Some persons would say-What did the Eoholars know about Christianity P-- how could they comprehend doctrinoe Introduce the, children to Christ. lven as a child know igt mother by its needs so would the scoholare know Christ by their needs. Who was to introduce the scholars? The teachers, and to do so they must know Christ themselves. Rescuo the children. The church needed them, the world needed them, 'and the stat, needed them; but they needed children who had been purified by Jesup Christ. The people wore wanted to give to the work, because it was the Lord Jesus Christ's. A collection was taken up and a hymn sung,. after which tlhe resolution was put, and carried. Aldermau Womrboy (suporitendoent of the school) w?a next celled upon for an address. In introdecing him the rev. ohairman said he hoped he would long continuoeto be- superlntondent of tihe echool. ; Mr, Wgmboy said he tvsdgrateful to God that he had been spored to witness ariotheor 'nniver tary of the school in., which he took- es "much delight. He had been .connected witlij the seohool'for 14 ro".yneh ?, 'aind he was proud of the position he ocoupled'aao teacher. It was a work eany one should bo proud to engago' in. 8omo of the greatest men of the world, includ ing three Lord Chancellors, had been teaohore. What after all were the honors of worldly posi. lions compared to that of having charge of irnortal eoules As they know, he had been placed in the honorable position of ouporin tondeht. He had not sought it, but he would do his best for the children. He was pleased at the success of the anniversary, and.was glad that the people had responded to the appeal for help with their contributions and by their patronago. The school hadbeen a boenefirscht to the towsl, and had been a progressive school. Its succes had been mainly duo, with the blcesing of God, to the poreoverance and good judgment of one gentleman, Mr. Davies. For his part he know eto should never be able to imasitato either Mr. Davies or his ouccessors. They ail regretted thi loss of Mr. Sugden and of Mr. Martyn. The opeakelr then described- tile opening?of a Snoday school hby Robert Raikes, the man through whoso efforts Sunday-schools woreo first ostab' lislhed on a broad baolo. They spreid, 'until in 1783 a society was formed in London. which wais the parent of tbs Sunday-sohool union.- They could see from this what could he donse by -trying, oand how great things sprang from little. Tihe teuhoer required the prayers and the assistanlco of tile parents. They wanted the people to try and do something for the hundreds of young men and women who could be coen in Auburn treet during servico timoe going nowhero. Theo Y.MI.O.A. was attempting something for'thom,: but it needed assistance. If they gave the toeachers their prayers and ,their help the school would progresn ii dimtiio things. 1'T6. C. W: Fturner moved a veto of thankl to the ladies who supplied the tea. Mr. R. Craig seconded the vote, which was carried by ·iolha mation. A similar compliment was accorded the Roy. 'Mr. Clarke for his kindness in accepting the in vitation .to Goulbutrn for the anniversary, his two excellent cornions sri Sunday, and his super-. excellent addrets in the afternoon, Mr. J. Oliver moving the motion, and Mr. '. F'urner sbontd ing. . InMr. Claroe having responded, a vote of thanlh, moved by Aid. Wombsy and seconded" by" Mr. Bray, was accorded to the choir, special mention being, riddo of Mr. Melrose, who trained the childres' Mr. -Melros mado a tuitable reply, after which the doxology was stmg, the boene diction pronouucced, sand at 10.28 the meeting dispetrsed. Tho hymns rendered during the ovening were. accompanied by Mr. Cox on the organ and Mr. TI. Howard on the piano. 