Lover and Lord. CHAPTER. X. All that day Mid night Captain Braco in the some helpless, hopoloBa state. Lifelingoreil still in tho inert frame; eomawhero behind the darkened eyes thought and sensation, memory,' and power to Buffer pain were to. bo found ; but for the present they were in abey ance; whether they would ever wake again the doctor would not undertako fjocay. 'It may be that he will reoover—this ia the first attaok—or it may bo that ho will pass away in this stupor,' the doctor said, with a compassionate glance at tho girl upon whose fair delicate face some sudden blight aeemed to have fallen, who evidently folt the situation deeply, and yet wbb able to receive bis in?trnc ? tiona with a sort of helpfnl self-control, while her mother, in another part of the lioubo, passed from one fit of screaming hysterics to another. . Orifltine, standing pale and silent at the foot of the great bed, looking at the array face bo pathetically changed, With its drooping lid and dull half-opened eyes, thought with a audden viyid ieme_branee|of the cruel news to which he must awaken, thought that, if Heaven were pitiful, it would be beat that he should so pass away. .-', Involuntarily her thoughts translated themselves into words. 'Death would be mercy here, she said, in a low frightened whisper that ?truck on the listener's ear with strangely tragic force. ' ' ~ ~„, He turned and eyed the girl a little sternly. Hitherto she had seemed any thing but heartles?, hitherto in his thoughts he had bestowed upon her the highest commendation; but those words filled him with a quiok repulsive disgust. He was a stranger to the family, but a neighbour; and, in common with all other neighbours, he had heard of the grand match that Captain Braces daughter had made. The fashionable had overflowed with descriptions of the bride's trousseau, presents, grace, beauty, and general happiness. Naturally, then, he expeoted her father to be one of the most proudly contented otmen, and naturally also attributed thia sudden attaok to the over-excite ment of the occasion. . . , In these circumstances Criatines remark seemed as uncalled for as it was heartless and worthy of rebuke. 'Life ifi always best while Heaven wills that we should keep it,' he said severely. ' Yonr father's state is most critical at present; but if he iB kept free from all excitement——-' 'If,' Oristine interrupted, with a ?onvnlaive shudder—' if his life depends \- nponhi? being kept free from excitoment, ha will die in his fir?t cen?cions moment.' ? You have bod news for him then ?' Oristine, still storing at her stop father's face, bent her head by way of answer. 'It must be kept back at all costs, the man said peremptorily; "or perhaps be knows it already V ?He does,'Cri?tine said quietly*, but, though the dootor lingered curiously, ?he vouchsafed no further information. 'So much for preconceived idoss,' ho thought, as he passed out into the brilliant summer morning. 'I took it for granted that triumph, and not trouble, knocked the poor old fellow down. I wonder what tho bad news is. That young lady seems rather reticent, bat, sooner or later, no doubt I shall know.' And before the day was many hours older not only he, but all London knew how terrible was the blow that had smitten Dnnoan Bruce to the earth. The evening newspapers, the ?ery news papers that contained the stereotyped reporters' 'gueh' over the aristocratic wedding of the previous day, set forth m staring oharaotere their sensational accounts of the ' Horrible Tragedy in the West. Murder of a Bridegroom. Strange Disappearance of the Bride.' Before night fell, all England wbb talk ing of Lord de Gretton'e murdor, and the telegraph- wires were flashing the aew? ell over the face of the globe. Before night foil, the case had been tried by thousands of self-constituted > tribunals, and an almost universal verdiot found the absent Nora guilty of her hneband'e death. It so chanced that Ella Joyce, who, bb Nora's bridesmaid, had made the un lucky ' Looy Ashton' comparison, was I at a garden-party, listening to the musio ' ? of the Hungarian Band, and daintily testing an ice, when the horrible nowe [was whiepered from one to another J through all the tents end across the velvet green lawn until it reaohed her She grew white ne the ivory eilk drees ehe wore, ana dropped the chine shell with a sharp incredulous cry. ?Ob, imposeible 1' ehe said passion ately 'It is too horrible! Why, I ?Yen prophesied it/ Sir George .. Oroneete finished, with something like a ?hndder. 'You did indeed, Mies Joyce ; it is most extraordinary to mo 1' And he walked away quickly, evi dently resolved to trust himself in such a' , dangerous vicinity no more. 'Ho ? admired Mise Joyce as muoh as it wbb in hie limp nature to admire any created being but Sir George Oroueste, her 1 brightness, vivacity, and ready wit boing, be thought, the proper complement oi bifl more solid merits; but from that \ moment be dismissed deoisivcly all notion of making her his own. ?The girl has the evil oyo, don't you know V ho would eolemnly and with evident sincerity assure hie friends when twitted with bis sudden defection. ' It'e an fiwfol thing; but she has it. She nut it on poor Be Gretton yeetorday, compared the bride to Luoie, and all (hat sort of thing; ani this is the ond ?iff it' And meantime, while her mother raved helplessly in ono room and hsr etep-fsther ley in, t*. horrible mockery of ?death in another, while the sewante, ?aith a ghastly relish, dieoueeed the iferrible tidiegs, Crietina mm bold ? iromblin" fingers, nnfolJftd ?tbo newspaper and learned in detail_h?w far her vengeance had outstripped her wishes, how utter was the rnin she had j wroaght, j 1 Tbis morning the quiet Devonshire viliogo of Stoke Vemon was electrified by a strangely horrible- oconrronco. Lord de Grotton, who was married only yesterday to Mies Nora Brace, a yonog and beautiful lady to whom he wnn romantically attached, and who had brought hia bride to Cliff Cottage, the lovely marine villa of our respected oounty member, Mr Dalmayno, was found stabbed to tho heart and quite dead in the smaller library, as it is called, a room opening into the private apart ments of the noble pair. ? Tho sod diecovery was made by a servant, who, entering tbe room about seven o'clook to open tho ehuttere, found them and tbe French windows widely open, the white mute and dolicnte-hooil carpets covered with blood, and Lord do Gretton dead upon tbe ground. ? In his surprise and hojror, tbe mau uttered a loud cry, which quickly brought all the honeo to hia assistance. A doctor, who naa on the spot in a very few minutes, pronounced that life had been extinct eomo houre, and that death was the reenlt of a stab from behind, a wonnd that could by no possibility havo been self-inflicted, even were, there any suggestioQ of suicide in the case. ?And now almost the etrangest pert of the story most be told. When tbe first thrilling excitement of bewildered horror had a little subsided, theservante began to think it strange that one per son alone .should sleep on undisturbed through all the din and bustle, and that the one whom the sad event principally concerned., ? Lady de Grotton's maid was deputed to break the news as gently ac might be to the widowed bride. But the young ?woman soon returned, filled with horror and consternation, to annonnce that Lady de Gretton was nowhere to be found. Active inquiries wore instituted and every effort made to trace the mis sing ladj, but up to this moment without SUCC6BB. ?The tragic event baa ooet a gloom over the whole village and the neigh bouring town, which, in this the annual Kegatta week, is unusually full. . So ran the reporter's telegraphed communication, a mero meagre outline of tho tale that would be fully told to morrow. But Cristine'e guihy con science could help her to fill in every detail and make the-drama horribly complete. Sitting in the falling twilight, with the helpless dying man for her sole companion, she saw tbe whole cruel ecene enaoted before her dry and burniDg eyes i Not for ono second did she doubt that, drivon to notnsl madness, Nora bad Btruok that desperate and fatal blow— not lor one second did she doabt that, though she wae amenable to no human law, and had in no way endangered her own life and liberty, in very truth the brand of Cain burned redly on her own brow, and that ehe, Cristine Singleton, was a mnrderess in the sight of Heaven. She pushed back the soft hair that: oluetored on her smooth white brow, as thoogh she really expected to find the fiery brand there; Whatever of heart and conscience the girl possessed was stung into lifo at least—thought had beoomo torture, her own sooiety an un durable anguieh. ; but there viae no one to whom sho could apeak, no one to give hos one grain of hope or comfort. She bad thirsted'for vengeanco on the girl who had innocontly wronged her—- plotted, planned, and prayed for it; it hod come now, and, in the fall fruition of her wicked wish, she felt that her own punishment had begun. Why had she olway? bated Brnca ? Sho naked herself the question now as she had often naked it before; but never until now had she given it a truthful answer. Because sho had always wronged her. As a young girl, she had taken the child's plaoa in the father's house, as a young woman kept her jealously in the I background, until the beauty she had decried and ridiculed and secretly enviod had outshone her own pale charms and won her lover from her. Then the latent fire of hatred had leaped into living flame, and she had sworn that in Borne fnehion or other she would crush her sister-rival. Now that vow. was kept; Nora was crnehed indeed—a fugitive—a murderess. With a low shuddering cry, Cristine covered her eyes, and knew at last how bitter ie the rotten heart of that tompt ing Dead-Soa-frnit that men call human vengeance. She had bitton it through to the very , core, and ita burning gall must Btiog and blister on her lips for ever. ,; . A light tap at the door roused nor from her miserable dreamioge.. She turned and $nw a woman-seivant with a look of tuyEterion? importance beckoning hei out. . . ; ' A gontloman. to see yon, miss, the woman said, in tho husky whinper that the wholo household had adopted as proper to the occasion, through tho loudest shout would not have pierced the dulled oars of the strickon man. ?To see mo I I can boo no one, Susan { your master mn?t not be left.' < Ob, but the narso is ready to tako her place now, and the gentleman says his busines? is moat urgent I 110 iook b it too, more like a ghost than a living mnnl' ... Oristino hooitated as tho woman with voluble persistence urged bor point. It would be an unutterable rcliol to oooapo into any company from the merciless phantoms that pursued her. Even this speech with the servant sepmed to have lifted come portion of tho dull heavy weight from her biain. But, on tho other hand, what had this man to tell her—some now talo of horror, oomo yot ghastlier incident of tho story that filled all her thoughts ? ( ' Who is tho gontloman, Susan ? ?JL do 0,0(1 know him, miss, and could not gjute,catch hie name-—Mr Beau— jjoan—something liko that, 3 Oriatino'e liMit seotned to stand etijl. The worst that conlcl. .eome; to her bad come; Arthur Bsaupr6, the one being on earth who had over stirred bar cold selfish nature to anything like genuine tenderness, wan here to denounce and cnrno bar. She nmet face the worst. Yes, in an instant nho decided that anything wae hotter than suspense. ? Tell Mr Ueauprc I will come,' ebo said quietly, though her tootb cheitcred os with cold, and her pale face took a bluieh-grny tinge that frightened tbo woman. , Orietine Singleton was no favourite with eervants as a rule, sho was too arrogrant and exacting for tbnt; but, looking at her now, ? this one was touched witb sudden pity, ' Let mo get you some eal-volatile, miss, or o glas? of wiao, or a little brandy,' nho said porsnaeively. ' Yon have tsstod nothing to-day, and yon look as thongh yon wore fainting.' ' I novor fain.. Be kind enough to take my message—and eond the nureo here.' Sho npoke coldly, Bβ though the suggestion displeased her; and tho woman went off shrugging her shoulders and regretting that she had made it. ' Mies Nora would have thanked mc like a lady, whether ohe took the things or not; bnt she was always worth c dozen ol the other—though they do say she is a murderess now—ugh I , With a nervous look up and down the darken ing corridors, the woman hurried more swiftly on her way. 'It's enough to cnrdlo yonr blood to live in a house where such things are even talked about. I do hope I shall get into a respeotable family next time. . Five minutes later Crietine Singleton pushed open the library door.ard stood, a solf-convioted culprit, in Arthur Beaupre's preeence. Hβ did not see her at first, standing as ho was with his back to the door and his face buried in one shading hand. She stood watohing him for a minute or so, hie elbow planted on the chimney-piece, his eyes hidden, bat one half of tho handsomo haggard lace reflected in the glass. ...Would'he never look round, never speak ? She dared not addrees him, dared not move another step in his direction—dared only stand jnst within the door, waiting with olasped hands and downbent head, as a criminal awaits sentence. The strained silence grew horrible; a little sigh fluttered to her lips, a mere broken breath, but it reached hie ear, and be turned. Was this Arthur Beaupri ? Even in hor wild terror tne cruel oontrast be tween the bright-faced boyish Arthur of tho old days and this man, whose face seemed set in a rigid awful pallor, whoee eyes seemed to have snnk and darkened and loet all their vivid blue, Btrnok her eharply. Was this too her work ? The thought flashed through her brain, and was gone in a second ; the next moment she was cowering under the fierce anger ofeyoa that seemed to burn into her brain. . , ...., ?Oh, Arthur, , she cried, wildly thrueting in her weak plea for pardon before he had time to accuse her, ' for give mc; I could not dream that it would come to this I I would die to night to undo what I have done 1' 'Die! , ho echoed, in a harsh grating voice. 'To die is easy ; we have to live through this. Crietine Singleton, where is Nora ? Where ie the girl whose life yon have destroyed ? [To he Continued.) 