Editorial Notes and News. I -r— ' "},'RESERVE me from my friends," poor I^n^el Henry Deniehy might exclaim if he Could hear jail the scandal that the exhuming his bor.es and skull has called forth! But in the silent grave the wicked cease from troubling, and the weary are at rest, even, when fellow sinners with phariasical santlmony have condemned the lifeless body to an ignominious grave. Tlie gifted Daniel Henry Deniehv did •what/is to-d^y hurrying countless multi- tudes to an Juntimel}', and albeit a dishonored deatty. Twenty-three years ago thejvice af djunkeqness was more prevalent than it w to-day, but the ban of public opinion was ep deeply §et against The drinking customs of nearl}' half a ago were far more general, and ' in general was not so shocked s it is at present. Yet while rsons, and people often over-in- •e freely at the time when the •ator, Deniehy, flourished, he Christian burial, and cast in ground where only the vile were condemned to lie. sha-t is aifixed to living crimithen}jLtjj|ir last sad home, ;tes.th<^Bpin in death, from 'table <JJPens of God's all salt waff a monstrous thing to remaiifs of a man who had by of no "rime, to a place with :est crirmlials, and shame on the of tbeMeglected genius, who permitted such ^Vcandal to be committed. ff< Deniehy'Iliad been affluent and famous a- <the time .Of his death, these insults ever have been hurled 1 upon him. Ghostly fathers would not have refused unction or full burial rites and ceremonies, if instead of dying in poverty and misery, the erring man had given up the ghost in tlie mansion of the rich, surrounded with the pomp and circumstance of wealth. Thanks to the march of light and charity, such degradation could never be offered in this year of our Lord. The drunkard may and must fill a drunkard's grave; but who amongst us dare class the person who has only sinned against himself, with the infamous and criminals of the deepest dye. However, the friends and admirers of the late hardly-judged Deniehy, in the hope of making the 'amende honerable,' have re-inWred what was left of him with due form and ceremony, on Saturday, in the beautiful Waverley cemetery. But few followed the unusual funeral, and there was nothing very imposing in the cortege. The grand monument that is promised to be raised over the ill-used genuis' mortal relics is to make up for other short-comings in reference to his death and burial. The unsatiable destroyer Death has lately been busy among those who once filled conspicuous places in the colony, and were among the characters who greatly promoted the public interests and welfare in its earlier days. Notably of this company was the Honorable Thos. Holt, who passed away the week before last at his residence in England, aged 77 yeara. For a long period, indeed, all his large family were born out here. M r. Holt was intimately associated with all the progressive work of the land of his adoption. He was once Colonial Treasurer and filled that office with unblemished zeal and satisfaction. But it is not so much as an enlightened politician, although that is no small matter, that liis memory is most endeared to all who knew him publicly and privately, but as a liberal promoter of religious enterprise and philanthropic undertakings, and princely entertainer af all sorts and conditions of men he will never be forgotten. He recognised merit under a humble guise, and called to his lordly feasts multitudes who could not call again, and so helped and raised them in their arduous efforts to gain a fair field for using their talents. When budding excellence has fully blossomed the world surrounds and applauds, but rarely discovers the latent gifts ulitil they are bright as the midday sun. Mr. Holt rich and influential, and great in mental culture and business faculties was one of the few in such circumstances who penetrate beneath to the hidden potentialities which developed might eclipse h:s own. As Mr. Holt grew older he grew yet more benevolent, and the poor of London benefitted and blessed this increase of Christian charity. The funerals of the wealthy never lack mourners, but scarcely ever are they followed to the last sad home by weeping indigents whose hard lot has been personally softened and cheered by their aid while living. Yet such was the touching testimony borne to the worth and kindliness of the late Mr. Holt by many of the poor recipients of his bounty. Applications for permission to substitute improvements either wholly orpartly in lieu of fencing should be carefnlly and accurately prepared, as they are liable to be objected to by holders of adjoining lands, on the ground that the boundaries is good fencing land, trespass, etc., and the Local Board is at liberty to grant or refuse the application. £. O. Lagerlow is willing to prepare these applications for 5s., and take them before the Board for 10s. 6d. extra. Everybody says—and what everybody says must be true—that PEMELL'S SNOW-WHITE PATENT ROLLER FLOUR is the best in the market.—[ADVT.] At the Wingham police court, on Tuesday last, the man Ritter was committed for trial, for attempting suicide. Maize is very plentiful in Sydney, large shipments daily arriving from the northren rivers. The price, however, remains steady at 3s. A mass meeting is called for the 2§th instant, to discuss the best means of securing direct steam communication between Wingham and the metropolis. It is hoped that the meeting will be a very large one, and that the decision at rived at will be the result of a calm and discretionary consideration of the whole matter. Whatever position is taken up by the shippers they must be prepared to hold that fort, or their last state will be worse than the first. As far as we can learn nothing can be done in regard to the Rosedale till the return of Mr. John See, who is not yet returned home. No doubt, however, seems to exists, about the intention of that gentleman to send the boat to our wharf as soon as the channel is buoyed We un/leritand, also, that an official chart of the channel has been sent to the office of Mr. ,T, See ,-whidi shows a depth at the shallowest place t'wlow water of six feet. Even^body should use the latest, newest, best Stf ow WHITE PATENT ROLLER FLOUR. It is the ^greatest success of the age. James PemeU. and Co.—[ADVT.] IjAUj^kME.—A working man says:— " DiebtjHI^^ty and suffering haunted me for years, caused sby a sick family and large bills for doctoring, which did no good. I was completely discquraged, until one year ago, by the advice of\my pastor, I procured Dr. Spule's America^ Hop Bitters and commenced their use, and in one month we were nil well, and none of us have been sick a day since; and I want to say to all poor men, you can keep your families well a year with Dr. Soule's American Hop Bitters for less than one doctor's visit will cost, "Christian Advocate." DEAF.—A Person cured of Deafness and noises in the head of 23 years' standing by a Simple Remedy, Will send a description of it free to any Person who applies to Nichol son, Lincoln's Inn Chambers, 65 Filliam Street, Melbourne.—[ADVT.] When next you bake try PEMEJX'S SNOW WHITE PATENT ROLLER FLOUR, and your bread will be as white as snow,- 