WANDLlllNGS IN ASIA. By The How. Jamks Campbell* THE MADURA TEMPLE If there aryone amongst or who ft on* time has made aa excursion or journey which, when looked back upon, seemed to be completely a dreetn ’ There are certain events in onr lives which appear to ns now eo shadowy and ODreal that we can hardly pennade ourselves they are other than mere viHccs, rcrn-tiroet pleasant aDd lomo times oigbtmarer, lbe laet few days 1 spent In India now lock to me rather ai a dream than aa a reality. 1 bad made my arrangements to leave Eota camond, apend a day at Tricbinopoly and Madnra, proceed le'surely to Toticoris, giving ample time to aee all the aigbta on tbe road. Bot I received a telegram from tbe agenta in Toticorin that tbe ateamer would leave earlier than ber appointed date. I 1 therefore bad to hnrry on, leaving Trichi nopoly unvliited. What I aaw of that town and lort in tbe dialance made me regret exceedingly that I bad net time to atay, bot I consoled myaeli with tbe reflection that one c*nnot aee everything In thia world. We mnst be contem to leave many tbinga ocrern we fain wonld aee, and many things undone we fain wonld do. Life is foil ol incompleteness, whether it be tbe splendid career of world reforming which we fully intended to carry oot when we were twenty one, ot tbe day’a work in which something is emitted or left undone, l«ever shall I forget my visit to tbe farncua Madera temple. It ia the ghost ot a memory rather than a memory itself— a vision, a pbantaemagotia, or any I other term you like to expreee—a I strange trembled dream—hardly troubled, bnt wild, unreal, grotesque. 1 arrived at Madnra a little before 10 o’clock at Digbt, ard aa 1 most leave a little before 5 o'clock tbe next morning, tbe inexorable } necessities of catching the steamer com pelling me, it followed that I must see the ti tuple at tight cr net at til. My reiolnliot was soon made. Biring a gbarry, 1 drove Aral of all to tbe pcatmasler to inquire about an urgent telegram. lodging from tbe noiee required to bring him to the front, be had evidently been aleepiDg the sleep of tbe righteous. I felt sibamed at disturbing him at tbis ontrageonsly onrfEcial boor, but be received me with tbe utmost courtesy, and wbat was better, banded me my lcoked-for leiegTam. Be waa evidently greatly tickled st my expressed Intention ol vieitirg tbe Madnra Temple at night, and I waa not sure bnt be waa getting off a sly saicastio joke at my expense wben be informed me that at this boor it wonld be a very remarkable sight indeed, if 1 could see it. Tbia double meaning phrase, “ if I could see it,” roused spprehtnriire in my mind, bnt in five minntea afterwards all these apprehensions bad disappeared. We drove through a T»rgf» nf streets, when lo '. in the efafigbt rf tbe right there Irrmed up helore my eyes the walla and gcpnraa, or trwere, if the roost famoos teropls in Southern India. I crnld ODly dimly see tbe etrsrge elaborated carvinga ol tbe lower part, ard 1 lerr.erted greatly that tbe npper pan wet bidden in tbe darkneea ; nevertheless, attentively regarding tbe lower portions, and following tbe clearly cot outlines, 1 saw bow wonderful tbe work waa as a whole, even hoogh the de'a la were Indistinguish able. It, however, tbe ootside patt ol tbe temple waa a difeppotntrnei t,the inaide w>> not. lean honestly say that if 1 bad to seethe interior again, and had to choose between eeeirg it in tbe daytime and teeing it in the night, I ehrnld certainly select the niibt. Among ail tbe worderfm things that 1 had sern in India, nothing wia more wonderful iban tbit right, 1 conld not tell which way we went, for I waa being guided by a most affable Hindoo. I conld not give any elaborate description of details, for they succeeded one another in such bewildering rapidity, but the broad impression left upon my mind was that never In my life bad I seen anything so strange or so wonderful. We walked throngh long avenues of pillars of almost every shape and form ; we pasted by tbe groteeqnest gods of any I bad seen in India, not even excepting those ot tbe Caves of Ellora. We entered at lbe great main entrance, passing through a con^n-eo crowd of vendors of various wares, worship pen, priests, and others. As we advanced there were lew pertooe to be seen, bnt long tuws of lights, dimly Illumining tbe corri dors end arches. These were gradually extin guished ss we prooetded onwards. The ugb a became dimmer and dimmer, tbe shadows deeper sod deeper, until tho only light we had was that given by tbe wretched little oil lampe we carried in onr hards They lit op the huge pillars close at hand, whilst behind ns, beside ns, and before was black darkness. Onr own volcet sounded Strang*ly aa they re-echoed among tbe pillars about ns and from the roofs above ns, which were lost in the blackness over head. Tbe sonnda of voices afar eff had something uncanny about them, until at lset I beg-n to feel a curious tension of nerves, which I take it is closely allied to tbe soperatitions fears of men walking through churchyards, or visitiog the crypts and vaults of an old cathedral about the hour of midnight. It waa with a positiv, ■tars that I suddenly became conscious ol twogreatsaend elephants, stabled. If Imayao aee the word, in one of tbe corridors along side tbe large hall in which we were walking. These great biutea, with tbeir small, bright, peering eyes, their restless trunks s ringing slowly like pendulous, seemed to me like a couple of moottrons demons in this ball of Hades, and though they were doubtless iu terestiog objects, I confess frankly to frelir g a eenea of genuine relief when we got out of thsir reaoh. Wo wandered on and on until to my imeginaiton it appeared as if we must nave traversed miles of these balls and oorridors. We inspected gods and goddesses, “gorgons and onimeras alive,” pillars with all sorts of strange devices, weird figures, curious arches, until the whole thing teemed to me a whirl, partly hideout, partly fantastic, portly pleas ing, so ' that when at last, like Dsnte, sooting out from the Inferno he had so thoroughly investigated, and so accurately described, “Thence issuing, we again beheld tbe stars.” I rejoiced to behold >he stare, and rejoloed still more to get wittio the friendly shelter of my gharry, for I fait that all tbe demons whloh had been haunting my excited imagination or eome time back had no power orsr me when I- was safely within a vehiole duly Ucsaied by Her Majesty's Government. Of oil the places in India whiob I would most sirilUogly revisit-next to the Himalayas, lbe glorious Lrj at Agra and the won derful Tempts at Madura are tbe two things whloh I. would desire to tee shove ell others. Bui if I cowld see lbe latter again, and had time to study all its astonishing details in daylight, I wou d saeuNdly on no sooount omit to visit it onoe more in the night time. It was one of the strangest, we truest experiences of my life, ur BOUTS roB loticobis. After a few hours' sleep I found myielf on the following morning en route for Lot'corin. At one of the railway stations I was startled by hearing s familiar Salvation Army tune played upon soma instrument whloh I think w-s a cornet, but to mipgled was Its melody that my ear was unable lo lell anyth-ng beyond the faot. that it was an instrument of eome sort I could find no risible oauis though I looked all aloog the t-ainto aeo if Ioould discover either Instru ment or p*syer We arrived in Lutioorio about midday, and I discovered it to be another of the bad ports of Southern India ft is cot as bad at Madras, having i harboar, though shallow. Its shallowness ran be judged from the faot that steamers rf only 2,000 tens have to lie off over four miles from tba'pier, in ordtr to load and < snlead, A boss 4 o’oiook in lha afternoon I made my sray dew* to the pier, and whilst deeding thtre waiting for the ltunoh whloh 1 was to takeme to the eteamtr, I taw tome 1 itraage flgarea in tho dlatanoe, followed by : i considerable crowd of natives. They oame ; Awards wbeial was standing.and whenoloee , it band the mystery of tbe by mn-tuae whloh i 1 had heard in the morning wee explained, < rbere were three Sa vallcn Army tffioers i vlth their wives. The men were olsd ia i native style, excipt that they woie bright! toarltl jumpers, with corioni looking Z*mii j •ttcrioa Id yellow threads in Ibe froct. rh«y wore the ordlnaiy turbans on their i beads, sod walked with bare feet. The 1 aomin wars dreated in European fashion. i bat one was barefooted, like the men. 1 got into conversation with them, discover'd that one, the leader ot tbs party, was an Englishman, the eecond was an American, and the third a Canadian. The Englishman had been in India for abont five years, the others abont six months. Id answer to my questions, they told me they Deed in na'ivt boose* and on the tame food as the natives. *• Onr theory ia, ’ aaid tbe leader, •• that if we are to reach thia people we most conform to their manners and customs. If we wlsr to reach tbeir sympathies we most be of tbe peop e snd not apart fiom them.” I atkeu him if the natives so} ported them liberally. He told me in reply that at first they bad con siderable difficulty, BDd ofteD even now were Dot without arrxieties, hot that on ike whole they found >be't wants supplied, »Dd that s mere generous spirit was msnifeeting itself mirODg i he people. La I or on I fomd tbe same ideas and the same experience among tbe missior sries of the vaxious De nominations in China. To me it ba* always been a matter of profound surprise ibat mrn otherwise generous 00 old be found to asperse and be little tbe missionaries snd their work, bm I never felt it more strongly than aa I lot ked at tbeee ptor SalvBtion Army men, wearing a costnme so utterly strange to them ; tbeir Diked feel treading tbe burning soli ; tbeir living dependent on ibe gene rosity of poverty-stricken strangers ; tbeir fooo such as no working msn iD tbeir own land would even look at ; tbeir houses the squalid huts that odc sees everywhere, and themselves out off from associa tion o! relatives, friends, and fellow, corutrymsn. Qhese men are the true keigbra of tbe nineteenth century, and it should cheer every lover of bis race to see the apostolical succession cf Doblemen ard women never die* out. Tbe objects of devotion vary, bnt the devotion ia still the same. Sir Galabsd rode cut in shining armour to do great deeds in bis knightly way. To-day tbe time lofty spirit that aniroa'ed him—s<lf-»acri6c«, purity, love frr ht« iellow.m an—animates some bumble toiler wit bent birib or name, aDd the modem Sir Galabsd la foond under tbe scarlet jumper of tbe Salvation Army officer, tbe blatkcoatof tbe ordinary Protestant mis sionary or tbe priestly garb of the Roman Catholic father. I JarEwxll to tkttiaJ Quarter of an hour later I found myself on board tbe steam launch bonnd for tbe s.s. Patiala. An hour mere tbe screw of Ibe big etramer began to revolve, ard I stood od the prop of tbs ship bid ding farewell to India. Oh ! the joy of It. I remember rescirg iu one of Ibe Indian paper* the rntbmet of an Indian planter, who was bidding adieu to the laud where I suppose he bad rot been very successful, and eo relieved bie teelings Farewell to this fu-rsce ft eartb, 01 bsmnei, bwemse, ai.d Its food wttboo* hueicer, tti laugh wttbr ul mlrtb, Sed Its poorros snd fourp.nrj} dibs. A dibl ought to explBinlo Iheuneducated readers of “ The Telegraph " is a rupee. I cannot eay that I felt quite so Intensely as this worthy planter, but 1 can say that I turned my back upon India with a sense of profound tbsnkfnluesa. I repeat that tbe men who govern India earn tbeir salaries, and it would take a very large salary to induce roe to speDd many years of my life in that land. Yet it is a wonderful land to visit and to leave. In some respects it is even of more interest than Europe itself, and no amount of travel in other parts of tbe world would make good a travel ler’s lose if he left India unvisited ; a land of strange races, strange religions, strange sights. In no part of the world is there to be aeen such colour and movement as in India, nowhere else such wonderful variety of manners and customs. The great buildings of India are not to be compared to tbe great buildings of Europe In magnitude, bnt they have their own characteristics and tbeir own beauties, such as enable them to stand on rqu»l loot'Dg wish tbe most won derful buildings In any part of the world. Tbe indescribable Himalayas a-e beyond human words, Dor can they even be pictured by the painter ; tbey must be seen, and when seen, the sight is such as do other part of tbe world esn rival To all the other wonders of the land most he added the surpaseiog wonder that our 250 000 000 of people are ruled by a haocful nt foreigner! The past history of Irdis i full of thrilling interest, and I tbirk it n*:.j be safely rtrpbesied that the present quit** and colourless prosperit> will in due time give way to scenes of jost as thrilling inter—t and aa great romance as any that have fci en wi’nesaed in tbe past. There are great stretches of the earth, of whioh Australia and Canada ate the most Doted, where history ia a blank, where there is little to be seen except that which ia to be described to the geographer or scientist. How dif ferent ie India. A literature stretching hsck Into remote ages, religion varying from tbe lowest form of fetishism and devil wor ship, through Hicdooiam, Buddhi-m. Mohammedanism up to Christianity ; his torlo cities, towns, and vilagea through out the length snd breadth of the land ; art which, if crude, is yet distinotly of the toil, and indudt-b an architecture unique, original, in a word, Indian ; the face of Ibe land wonderfully varied, great deserts, great plains, great rivrra, vast mountains ; the character of the people at varied aa the land, from meek and cowardly races, the prey of every in vader, to warlike people who are only held now in subjection by the strength of the pars mount power. Every branch of hnman thought and activity finds its repre sentative In Iodla. The men of art, science or [Iterator*, atateemen, soldiers, merchants, ingineera, oan -II flud a widening of their knowledge in the past and present of Iudia 1 was glad to leave the land, because it Is neither my land nor people ; but I rejoiced, and do rejoice, at having aeen il, and aa I look back, the details of almost esoh day’s experiences are sharp snd elearly outlined In my mind ; bnt the great whol» seems saw to me rather aa a curious dream I seem to be looking into some straDge kaleidoscope which turns of itself, and Isee there wonderful oomblnation-, of whioh the little hits ot poloured glass are brigh’ly-alad Hindoos j ;reat cities, picturesque Himalayan villages, 1 iqaalld towns, magnificent buildings, river boats, elephants, camels, coolies, ubiquitous ihobles, Brahmin prieala, and a whole mu', litude cf figurea, forms, faces, aud places floating aerosa my mental 'vision t have' fonnd in travelling through ' rations parts of the world that wa quickly forget the annoyanors and dangera of travel, ard remember only Its pleasures Even ao la it with India, I would tot revisit th-t land again except to see one ir two favoured spots, but the memory oi wbat I have teen beoomes increasingly a lelight. I bads farewell to India, and I ihink il is a long and final farowell, but lay by day the pleasures of memory make ihe strange and noisy land teem pleasanter :o my eyes. 