THE MYSTEIUES IOF A PACK OFCARDa A pfir»te .oldjsr, by tbe come of Riohud Iae, TO taken Mote 's pnmnbial mayor UDOently, For playing "carde, during divio. eemee. It spnomit tint ' cement com- manded tbe aoldiere at toe ctrarto. when tbe parsou had read' tire prawn ha took too text. TImh who had afitotaik It 00 but s ton coldtar had peithn Buffe nor commoa pcayer-bocflr, but palling <mfc a pack of can he spread toem before hini. He joat looked at one card mrf toeu at another. The eergeant of toe rm- panv eaw him, and arid, "Richard, poc up tba cords t this is no place tor them. " Never mind that," said Richard. When toe Bervice was over, the constabl took Richard before the Mayor. " Well, "rays theMayor, " what have you Ixuugbt the soldier here for?" " For iflaying cards in church," Well soldier,' what have you to ray fur jwflwlff Mutm, rir, I hope. "Very good. If not, I will puoisli you severely. " I have bctn," raid the soldier, about six weeks on the march. I have- neither Bible nor prayer-hook. I have notlung but a pock of cards, and 111 satisfy your Worship of the purity of my intentions." And, spreading ihe cardB before the Mayor, be began with tbc acet <Wben I see the ace it reminds me there 13 bu: one God. When I roe the deuce it reminds me of Father and Son. When I see the tray, it reminds me of toe Father, Son and Holy Ghost. Wheal eee tire four spot it reminds me of toe four evangelists tost preached— Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, When I meet toe five, it reminds ine tbe five wise virgins that trimmed their lamps- there were ten, but five were wise and five were foolish ana w ere shut out. Whvt:I see tho six, it reminds ine that in six days the Lord made heaven and earth. When I soq the k«cu, ureuimuouiu uuitvu mtt beveiiiii aay He rested from ' the great work He had created, and hallowed it When I eee tire eight, it reminds ine of the eight richteoua persons that were saved when God destroyed the world, vis., Noah and liis wife, with three sons and their wives. When I sec the nine, it reminds me of the ten lepers that were cleansed by our Saviour, there were nine out of ten who never returned thanks. When I see the ten it reminds ine of the ten com mandments which God handed down to Moses on tables of stone. Wheu I see the King, it reminds iuc of tho King of Heaven, which is God Almighty. When I s»c the Queen, ita reminds tne of the Quren of Sheba, who visited Solomon, for she was on wise a woman as lie was a roan. She brought yrith her fifty boys and fifty girls, all dressed in boys' apparel, for King Solomon to tell which were boys and which were girls. King Solomon sent for water for them to wash ; the girls wtshed to the elbows, and thv boys to the wrist, ao King Solomon told by that" 4 Well," said toe Mayor, ' you have given a good description of the coeds but one." " What is that?" "Tho knave," said tho Mayor. "I will give your Honor a description of that, too, if you trill not be angry." 44 1 will not,"srid the Mayor, 44 if you donot term me to be tbc knavr." 44 Weli,1' said the soldier. 41 the greatest knave that I know of Is the constable that brought me here." "1 do not know," said the Mayor, " if he is the greatest knave, bat I know he is tho greatest fool." " When I connt how many spots in a pack of cards, I fiud three hundred and a ninny unfa as were are in a year. When I count the number of cards in a pack, I find there are fifty-two, the number of weeks iu a year, and I find four suits, the number of week in a moDth. I find there are twelve picture cards in a pack, representing the num ber of months in a year, and on counting tire tricks I find thirteen, the number of weeks iu a quarter. So you see, sir, a pack of cards serves for a Biblf, almanac, and common prayer-book." 