OUR PARIS LETTER. (From oar own Correspondent. Parts, Mat 5. ' Universality of antagonism,1' at present exists in France as lovely as Sir William Grove could desire, and since war in nature, conflict in politics, and competition in trade, form the vital spark of healthy existence for each, French republicanism ought to bo very vigorous. Turk and Giaour sever hated one another so fiercely as do tbe Anti-Boulangists or Ferry iats, and the Boulangiats. The rise in the price of sticking plaster for cracked heads is sot a bad measure for the brisk* ness of the faction fights. Hard words break no bones, as the journals daily illus trate, but it is not the same when, as now, sticks are used. The French be longing to the Celtic race, may be excused taking to the ebillelagb, only with them that is a cudgel on an infant bludgeon, with a death or glory knob at the end. It is not like poor Paddy's short, slender, and polished piece of black thorn, whose every sharp and elastic tbod on tbe skull, knocks one of the capital sins out of the victim. Then the French display no humor in opening heads, there is a touch of tne abattoir about their blows. There is no cure in reserve with their Ithuriel spears. As a relaxation between newspaper virulence and street violence, the Bou lan^ists and Ferryists banquet and speechify. Happily French do not, like Spartan republicans, take their meals in common ; did they, they would set tbe table in a roar. General Boulanger ia bis after dinner speech to France, re peated his cry to the nation. Dissolution of tt-e Parliament, perhaps if not ' for the Glory of God1' at least for the good of thtt country, and tbe Revision of the Constitution. He added that he was a republican, would vote for tbe suppression of a President of the Republic, as advo cated but not illustrated bv M. Grew. and that he wished the Republic to be no longer a close borotigb, monopolized by a sect or under tbe dictatorship, of cliques, but open to all as Gambetta advocated, to converted Bonapartists as well aa to Orleanists, hereditary democrats as well aa to right-divine royalists, if any desired to join his natural and rational party. The Ferryists, turough M. Rouvier — tbe mouth- piece of the unpopular Jules Ferry, repudiate both revision fend dissolution. So there is no connection with the house over tbe way. There is no sign that Boulanger is losing ground. His programme bites, the peasaatry are for 'aim, he is a new Par liamentary hand, the ladies are bis par tizians, so are the poets, so are the Horti culturists, as they are coining by the sale of Boulauxer pink. In the button bole of a -coat, and at a distance, the flower creates a more favorable eye-impression than a rosette of the Legion of Honor with « Wilson trade-mark. Th* invectives, calumnies, and '?* unveracities' hurled or exchanged, the blows given and received, the dust, the din and the war-glamor, do not tonch the quiet anizan, the humble tiadesman, and the shrewd, 4iard working peasant. These coaches will decide the battle between the Ferryist and the Bou langist programmes, by -thrir votes at a few more Memento Mori by elections for the benefit of Deputies and Senators, the legislators will drink the fatal chalice, and decree the dissolution. Then worn politi cians will ehriek, for them political lire's fitful fever will be over. Tbe Ferryists could never go to the country handicapped with the leviathan unpopularity of their of their chief, plus, having to bear the responsibility of all tbe sins of commission, but above all of omission, committed in the name of the Republic since 1875- The Boulangists have no anch impedimenta, they are new brooms, tb.4 mouth-pieces of all the discontented, the disgusted and the revolted with and against the legis lative and administrative break down. Till general elections be decreed, tu-) agitation for such will be kept up. As to what shape the revision of the constitution will take, that will depend on the new deputies to be returned. It is generally believed tbe Sauate will go. Prom earliest times, tbe Gauls had a speciality for knocking over conscript Fathers — only the latter nowadays do not give up the ghost in their cunile chains. They all bolt like a king or a pope. Intelligent foreigners would do well not to take too seriously tbe bubbling maledictions of either Ferryists or Boulangists. Each believes like Hogea Biglow, that when there is a hole in their tin can, the bottom has been knocked out of the universe. The Prince Napoleon and Ihe Cooite de Paris, like General Boulanger, join in the De ProfandU for Parliamentarism in France. The three recognise that Oai veraal suffrage alone ib master, that here ditary ruleship has ceased to exhist. The Bjnapartist and Odoanist when appealing to that suffrage are called ' pretenders,' while Boulanger is dubb d as an ' adven turer.' Why this violation of lo^ic ? Why should Boulanger not take a Wash ington for bis ideal, rather than the loiing game of a Cs9 *ar for a model? Switzer land and the Un ted States are republics, yet neither have the Parliainentry system nor dictatorship. The Swiss Federal Council, which is the Ministry, is elected for three years, the President of the United States is not the Congress, nor is he a dictator, yet in both cases there is assumed stability, for three and four years respectively of Goverment and wholly devoid of personalism. Parlia mentarism in France has rendered it im possible for ministers to live, and has re duced deputies and senators ioto legisla tive molecules incapable of aggregating into working majorities. The Parliamen tary system is not synonymous with the Republic, the laUer claims to have a single assembly elected by the direct vote of the people charged to legally, pacifi cally and democratically revise an un democratic constitution. That's not a plebestic enterprise, nor an adventure. And yet it is all the Boulanger crusade demands, explains why its Jericho blasts, naturally conternate fossilized republi cans, who when times are troubled reply to appeals for reform. ?* Exact nothing from the present, as it would make matters worsa.' When there is no trouble, tbe reply is, ' Why seek any changes when events are emiling. ' This resembles the barber's famous sign-board, ^-To-morrow, customers will be shaved gratis.*' ? 