LIKE AND UNLIKE. By M. E. BRADDON, Author of 'Lady Andley's Secret,' 'Wyi- lard's Weird,' &c.;, &c; (Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chatteb, XLL — ' It vtas the Brand of Cain. ' — (Continued. ) Colonel Deverill came into the room while Adrian was Btill standing by the table with Cameron's book in hia hand. He put it down as he went forward to greet the colonel. 'Tour friend Melnotte sesm3 fond of reading other people's adventures,' he said carelessly. The colonel glanced from his visitor to the books on the table, and at once accepted the situation. ' Yes, he is never so happy as when he has Ms nose in a volume of travels,' he answered. 'You are not looking over well, Adrian. What's the matter 2' *'Oh, I am well enough.' 'But a little anxious about your brother,' pursued the colonel watching Sir Adrian's face as he spoke. 'I met Mrs. Freemantle in my stroll this morn ing, and she told me you were all of you uneasy about Mr. Belfield, and that you wanted him to travel.' 'Yes ; he is out of health and out of spirits.' *' Everybody has noticed the change in him. There has been a deeper gloom than husbands usually fall Into under such cir cumstances. Most men take their troubles pretty lightly nowadays.' Adrian was silent. 'Have you succeeded in persuading your brother to try change of scene ?' ' I hope bo. There is nothing decided, and Valentine is not given to allowing other people to manage his life. He went ? np to town to look about him.' 'Oh, he has gone to London, has hs ? 'Where does he put up ?' 'I really don't know. At the Great Western, most likely, if he took the train for Paddington. If he travelled by the other line he may have gone to the Grand.' ' You have not heard from Mm since he left?' 'No ; he is not fond of letter- writing. He will telegraph if he has anything to say to me.' The conversation drifted to indifferent matters, but was far from lively. Colonel Deverill had a preoccupied air, and looked out of the window oftener than was natural to a well- mannered Irishman. Adrian was full of uneasy suspicions about Mr. Melnotte and his business in the neighborhood. He was rising to leave when die butler flung open the door and announced 'Lord St. Austell.' 'By Jove, this is an unexpected pleasure !' said the colonel ; and before ne could recover from his surprise Sir Adrian passed St. Austell with the coldest possible salutation, nodded good-bye to his host, and departed. ' What brings you into this part of the world ?' asked Colonel Deverill when the door had shut upon Adrian. ' I want to know the re'sult of Mel notte's investigations, and I was sick of waiting for letters. He has been very Blow.' ' Yes ; he has been uncommonly slow. I can get nothing out of him. And now Belfield has given us the slip. If there has been foul play he may be on his way to America by this time — safe out of reach before we can move a step. He went up to London yesterday.' ' I know he did,' answered St. Aus tell. 'I met him in the station at Exeter.' ?' You did? Strange.' ' Yes, it was a strange meeting, fui it vuuDmtfcta my QaiTlfe3E~BTI8pT8l0~nB. We met face to face, Deverill — met and passed each other ; and if ever I saw the face of a murderer I saw it then.' ' Bosh ? Men don't wear the record of crime on their faces.' ** This one wore It yesterday. It was tie brand of Cain. He quailed at the Eight of me, at me — his wife's lover ; the man who blighted his married life. Why if he had not been the greater sinner he would have blazed up at sight of me — flown at me like a tiger, tried to strangle me. 'Was it natural to turn livid and then pass on, with his eyes fixed on vacancy, pretending not to see me 1 Was that the conduct of the man whom I had wronged— who had the right to call me to account % No, Deverill, it was the manner of a wretch who knew himself a hundred times more guilty than 1. Ib was the face of an assassin. And you and Mel notte have trifled with your chances, have let this consummate scoundrel get clear off before you have discovered his crime.' 'I do not think Melnotte has been idle, bntl can get very little out of Mm. He is uncommonly close.' ' Yes, that is a trick of the trade. I believe this one is really a clever fellow. He began life as a gentleman, and started in his present profession with the advan tage of a university education. They think highly of Mm at Scotland- yard, and he has been invaluable to me In two or three rather awkward affairs. But I don't like his letting things hang fire. He has been here long enough to arouse Belfield'a suspicions. When do yon expect him ?' Any time between now and 8 o'clock. He always dines with us, and if you can stay to dinner ? ' ' Of course I can . stay. I came to Devonshire to find out what progress you were making. I cannot rest till I know the worst ; and if there Is a wrong to be avenged I shall never rest till vengeance has been done. I'll take a stroll and a smoke by the river, and tben go back to the inn and dress. I shall be with you soon after 7 on the chance of getting come talk with Melnotte before dinner.' He left the colonel free to go back to Tii« easy chair by the dining-room fire, I tis newspapers, cigar, and afternoon sleep. Colonel Deverill was in the lowest spirits, full of vague dread, as one upon the threshold of a ghastly revelation ; but there are phases of physical comfort which coexist with mental depression, and the colonel went back to his fireside and his soft warm chair, his brandy and soda and afternoon slumbers, as naturally as the dog goeB to the hearthrug and coils him self round by the fender, even after being kicked. St. Austell lighted his cigar and sauntered along by the river, Bhadowed now by woods that were leafless and hills that were bleak and bare. A heron came swooping over the treetopa and down to the water's edge, and stood on one leg in a meditative attitude, waiting to spear the first unwary fish that passed that way. The sky was grey and dull, but the air was mild. It was an atmosphere sug gestive of idleness and languid emotions. St. Austell followed the course of the Chad as far as the mouth of that tributary stream which flowed through the grounds of Belfield Abbey, but at this point he turned, and went along the narrow wood-, land path which led to those shrubberied walks where he bad last seen Helen Bel field. It was summer then, and the foliage was dense and heavy, shutting out the v, orld beyond that verdant solitude. Now all was bleak and bare, save where the conifers showed darkly green against the dull gray sky. He remembered every turn of the path by which they two had walked, he pleading, she listening with drooping head and eyelids heavy with teats. 'I know the loved me,' he to'd him self. ' If she had lived she would have been mine. Or if she had made up her raind to throw me over, and live 'her life without me, she would not have left me in uncertainty about her fate, she would not have trifled with my love and tor tared me for no purpose. She is dead, and that man has murdered her.' He was close to the spot where they had sat together under the willow upon ; that last afternoon. Yes, there was the ; cypress walk, and there below it upon the edge of the stream the great gray trunk j of the willow slanting across the bank, and there the rustic bench upon which they had sat. Some one was sitting there to-day — a woman in a fur coat, with just the same | graceful, curving line of throat and j Bhoulderc, and small head with heavy coils of hair. His heart stool still at sight of that figure. It was she. She had been living at the abbey all this time in hiding. She was there, almost within reach of his arms. In that one delirious moment he felt that he loved her, as he bad never loved woman yet, with an un dying love. She rose at the sound of his footsteps and came slowly forward to meet him, a black poodle by htr side, shaking the silver bell on his collar as he ran. St. Austell'e heaTt sank as she drew nearer with the bitTerest disappointment he had ever felt in his life, *' Mrs. Baddeley,' you have given me a crushing blow,' he said slowly. ' I took you for your sfster.' ' Poor Helen. You of all people ought least to expect to find her sitting here.' ?' You 'still believe that 1 was con cerned in her disappearance?'' 'I have not yet reconciled myself to any other idea.' ' Would to God you were right, and that I knew where to find her. I am tor tured by the belief that she was made away with by her husband.' And then he told Mrs Baddeley of that chance encounter at Exeter, and of the conclusions he had drawn from Mr. Bel field's countenance. ' Is not that rather too strong an inter pretation to pat upon a disagreeable face?' said L«o dubiously. 'Short of clairvoyance, I cannot understand your ground for Buch an idea.' ' Call it clairvoyance if you like— the clairvoyance of love. I know that as I looked the man in the face a dreadful certainty flashed into my mind. That man is the murderer of my love. I ahall never rest till I have solved the mystery of her fate. If she is alive I will find her ; if ehe is dead I will find out how she died, and if there was foul play her murderer shall not go unpunished. ' Leonora Baddeley looked at him in silence for some moments, half in cynical disbelief, half in admiration. Had he but loved her with such a love as that she would have counted the world well lost for his sake. He had sued her and had been rejected, because she had loved tha world's good word better than she loved him, and perhaps still more because she doubted the reality of his love. And then afterwards, when she saw his affections transferred to her sister — saw him ever so much more earnest in the pursuit of that newer fancy — Bhe had discovered her own weakness, and that he was the one man whom she really loved. Tortured by jealousy, she found out how dear he had been to her, he whom she had treated so lightly, holding him at bay with careless speeches and silvery laughter, and all the polished arts of a coquette, as she had done with a cloud of meaner admirers. Only of late had she known what it was' to love and have her love unreturned. ' You talk very big,' she said, '* but you have done nothing to solve the mystery.' ' Directly, nothing ; but through your father I hope to accomplish everything.' ' My poor father. He is very unhappy about Helen.' 'He will have to be still more un happy, if her fate was as dreadful a3 I think,' 'Poor father. It would be too hard upon him in his old age. But I cannot believe in this morbid fancy of yours. The mystery of my sister's disappearance has eet ns all imagining dreadful things. She is safe enough, I daresay—hiding iieictiU Mime where, ami iiof caring Itow' much we may all Buffer about her.' ** If I could only think as much — if I could only hope as much,' St. Austell answered sadly. They walked back towards the cottage together, talking very little, both of them serious and depressed. Mrs. Baddeley was far from beins easv in her mind about her sister, although she affected to make light of St. Austell's fears. Chapter XLII'. — The Secret of the River. It was 10 o'clock, and Mrs. Baddeley was sitting by the drawing-room fire with Tory and a novel for her only companions, while Lord St. Austell, Colonel Deverill, and Mr. Melnotte remained in the snug little dining-room. St. Austell and the colonel sat on each side of the fire, with their faces in shadow. Mr. Melnotte was at the table, In the bright light of the large moderator lamp, with a notebook in his hand, to wMch he referred now and again in the course of his narrative or statement. 'You think I have been slow, Lord St. Auetell,' he said, ' and that by my dila tory way of going to work I have lost my man. All I can say is that I don't think I have lost my man, and that this was a case in which precipitate action would have been fatal. I had to be sure of my facts before I took any step in the open, ' The first thing to be done was to find out how, and when, and with whom, Mrs. Belfield left the abbey on the night on which she was supposed to have runaway, or whether she ever left the abbey at all. A long and careful investigation, involving the cs-OEs-examination of every official at the station and every fly-driver in Chad ford, convinced me that ehe did not leave the abbey on that night, or on the follow* ing morning, or on any subsequent occa sion. From the hour In which she wrote that letter of which. Colonel |Deverill in formed me she was never seen by mortal eye ; unless it were by Sir Adrian, or his mother j or Mr. Belfield. 'I have a knack of getting friendly with people upon a very Blight pretence, and 1 contrived to get on friendly terms with Lady Belfield's housekeeper, Mrs. Marrable, an admirable old woman, and as easy to manage as a child ; a devoted servant, and loyal to the backbone ; but an incorrigible prattler. All ehe wanted was a pretext for prattling, and I found one for her. I called one afternoon when the family were out, and asked, as if on the spur of the moment, to see the old oak parmellirg, and the carved bannister rails in the gallery over the hall. If Mrs. Marrable would be kind enough to show me the upper floor, I ehould esteem it a favor, I said ; and as I had given the gray haired footman half a crown when I dined at the abbey, he at once produced Mra. Marrable. 'From Mrs. Marrable I ascertained that Mr. Belfield was not at the abbey at the time of his wife's disappearance, and had not been there for months ; that he did not come there until quite a week after that event, -when he arrived late in the even ing, and told his mother that he had lost money at York races, and had gone over to Paris for a week to revive his spirits. Mrs. Marrable was certain that he said he had been in Paris. It was a way with Mm before he -was married to go off to Paris at an hour's warning, and she wondered what attraction there could be in such a.place for a young English gentleman. 'Having ascertained from this good eoul that Mr. Belfield had not been at the abbey on the night of August the 19 th, i my next business was to ascertain from other people that he had been there on that particular night. I had made myself pretty sure of that fact from the porter who took his ticket at Chadforth station before I saw my good Marrable ; I made myself surer afterwards when I called at the Station. Hotel and heard how Mr. Bel field had arrived by the midnight train, and had ordered a fly to take him to the j abbey, how pleasantly he had chatted in I the bar while die fly was being got ready, i and how he bad dismissed the carriage half way doWn the avenue, preferring to walk tile reBt of the way. '-'This was point number two in my case. It was clear that Mr. Belfield had made a secret visit to the abbey after mid night, at a time when he was supposed to be at York or in Paris. 'The next thing was to disciver how he contrived to disappear from the neighborhood without having been observed at Chad ford station. I had found a fairly intelligent porter and a ?worthy stationmaster at that station, and ! from these two I had satisfied myself that ' neither Mr. Belfield nor his wife had left Chad ford by train up or down the line after the night of August 19. '? To discover Mr. Belfield's manner of getting away from the neighborhood cost I me sc me time ; but eventually I traced him to Bideford, where he must have gone on foot-, a thirty-mile walk, and where at 3 o'clock on the afternoon of August 20th he chartered a sailing boat, in which he went round the coast to Bude, where he dismissed the boat. I took the trouble to go to Bude, and heard of him there, where he was out fishing all day the iniikeeper told me. and seemed strange in his maLner He stayed only two days, and then left In the coach for Launceaton. Be was not known there by name, and he had no luggage, except a nightshirt, brush and comb, which he had evidently bought on his arrival. The day on which he left Bude was the date which Mra. Marrable had mentioned for his return from the supposed visit to Paris. The Bideford boatman described him as dead beat when he chartered the boat. He laid himself down at the bottom of the stern on an old rag, and slept till sunset, but it was a very disturbed sleep, and the boatman thought he had something on his mind. They were coasting for nearly three days, the wind being against them part of the time, 'and the gentleman batdly ate anything, but finished a bottle of brandy wMch had been got for him at Bideford. ' What did this look like except the conduct of a criminal ? Then comes his arrival at the abbey, and the lie about a viait to Paris. 'Having got as far as this, I hai not the slightest doubt that there had been a crime committed at the Abbay that night, or in plain words, that Mr. Bel field murdered his wife. He got wind of her falsehood somehow, came home and taxed her with it — there was a row, andhe killed her. But how he killed her, and how he disposed of the body, are two ques tions that I have not yet solved.' Colonel Deverill groaned aloud, as he sat leaning forward in hia chair, but he did not utter a word. 'He may have hidden her somewhere in that great barrack of a house,' said St. Austell, ' or he may have buried her in the garden.' 'It would not be easy to hide a corpse in the largest house ; nor easy to dig a grave between midnight and morniog in Buvrimer-tirne^ such a grave as should not be obvious to eyery eye. The one safe hiding place would be the river ; bub that is more than a quarter of a mile from the house, at the nearest point.' ' Why not drag the river ?' asked St. Austell. ' I mean to get it done ; but your lord ship must remember that it is only within the last few days I succeeded in finding the Bideford boatman, and that ib was his description of his passenger's appearance and conduce which confirmed my sus picion of foul play. There is such a thing as instinct ; but one must have some better justification than instinct before taking active steps in a business of this kind.' ' It is the fault of your tribe,' said St. Austell. 'You are all over cautious. This man bears the brand of Cain on his forehead.' '\ou are right there. He has the criminal manner distinctly marked. I saw that when I spent an evening in hia mother's house, and i was__3jmosj! .as car _?_, faTrrtnenas I am now that he made asray with hia wife.' ' When can we get the river dragged ¥' acked the colonel. 'To-morrow at daybreak,' answered Melnotte. 'I have engaged a couple of men to do it. . 1 hey know what they are to eearch f-n\ but they will keep their counsel, ar-d tell any curious enquirers that I dropped a valuable watch into the stream yesterday afternoon when I was rowing:. - I hired a boat at the bridge yes terday, and rowed up the Chad and along the Abbey river, and in this place, where everything is known that concerns other people's business, that fact is sure to be known. The men will begin to drag at a point that I shall indicate to them nearest to the Abbey, and work down stream for a quarter of a mile — then go back to the same point and work up stream. If the body was thrown into the river it will be found in those limits.' ' What if that final evidence is found ? The murderer will have had time to get out of reach of justice before a coroner's inquest can bring Ms crime to light,' said St. Austell. 'He will not leave the country very easily. All the principal ports are being watched.' ' But what of the smaller ports ? He will get away, if he wants to escape.' .'I don't believe he intends flight, said the colonel. 'Sir Adrian's manner was natural enough this afternoon when he talked of Ms brother having gone up to town, and the possibility of his travelling sooner or later. He has held his ground eo long that I see no reason why he should take fright now.' ' Unless he smells a rat, and suspects Melnotte,' said St. Austell. The late winter dawn found St. Austell awake in his old-fashioned four-post bed at the hotel by Chadford Bridge. He had been toBsing about all night, sleep lees, save for brief snatches of halfrmcon sciotranesB, which were rather waking dreams than sleep. Not for one instant of that weary night had Helen's image been absent from his thoughts. Again, and again, and again, he had lived over their last meeting — recalling her looks and tones— her reluctant yielding to his prayers — and then her final promise, solemnly given, that she would be his. He remembered how he had stood by her side with her hand clasped ia his, and had said to her, ' This promise makes you mine for ever, love. There must be no going back from your words to-day. To me it is a pledge as solemn as was ever made before the altar. May the worst evil happen to me if I ever fall away from my fidelity to you.' He had spoken in good faith ; and now in Ms despair he told himself that this was the real love of his life, and that if she had lived he would have been true to her to the end. 'She was beautiful enough to enslave a man for a lifetime,' he said to himself. 'She had spirit enough to make her a difficult conquest; she was just clever enough to be a delightful companion for a clever man. She was the one perfect woman whom I have known.' He zobb at daybreak,, worn out by sleep leesneEB, and tried to refresh himself with an ice-cold bath. The house was astir early iin the hunting season, and there was s( great cry for baths and boots, and hurrying to and fro of chambermaids in the corridor, by the time Lord St. Austell was dressed. His breakfast was ready in the pretty sitting- room looking on to the roadftud the river at 8 o'clock, but he was as little able to eat as he had been to | sleep. - He sat staring at the fire and sip : ping it cup of tea, while he pictured to i himself what the men were doing in the : abbey river. He had intended to be down there at daybreak and to watch them at their work ? from i, the beginning. He had thought ' ' about it all night, bub when the morning ' light came his courage failed Mm. It was all too ghastly. How would death have ' ! used her, his beloved ; she whose Bmile 1 was to have been his Aurora, who was to i have looked upon him in the happy dawn, j 1 in the glad beginning of each new day. : How would she have fared in that cold couch where they were seeking her ? For the first time since Ms boyhood he prayed with all the strength and fervor of a be liever — forgetting his scepticism, his so ciology, his pessimism, everything except the mental agony which wrung that prayer from him. He prayed that the men with the drags might not find her. That she might still be living, lost to him, perhaps, but living and lovely as she had been when last he looked upon her face. The men must have been at work for more than an hour by this time, and ib would take him nearly an hour to walk to the abbey river ; yet still he sat with his breakfast cup in his hand, staring at the fire, hesitating, reluctant to face the result of that loathsome work. At lsst, with an effort, he rose from his arm* chair, put on his coat, and went out. There were three young men starting fcr a distant meet as he left the hotel. They went clattering over the bridge, lighting their cigars, and talking and laughing, full of inane jocosity, as ib seemed to St Austell. He almost hoped that one of them would be killed before they came back in the evening. He execrated them for their mirthful ineptitude, as they went jogging up the stony hill, slapping their horses' haunches and swaggering in their saddles. He was glad to get away from the old English town and its fringe of modern villas, to the lonely high road, and then to the footpath across the park, to that tributary of the Chad which was called the abbey river — a stream in which many a fatand placid lay- brother had fished with net or line, and placed Ma eel baskets in the good old monkish days. St. Auatell went down into the deep glen through which the river ran, parallel with the rail road. He went by the same narrow path which he had trodden last August, under the heavy summer foliage. Now the boughs were bare, and the winter sky looked coldly blue behind the dark tracery of leafless twigs. He saw the scene as in a dream, the wind-swept hillocks and hollows, the great brown trunks of the oaks, and in the distance the bright gleam ing river glancing here and there across an opening hi the woodland. He went down to the park, where he met Mrs. Baddeley yesterday afternoon. There was no one in sight, nor could he hear the Eound of the irons scraping along the pebble bed. If the men were still at work they were out of ear shot. He walked slowly along, hoping that all was over, and that nothing had been found ; but a little further on he met Melnotte, and the first glance at his face told St. Austell that there had been a ghastly dis covery. ''What are you doing .here, Lord St. Anstell 1' said Melnotte hurriedly. ' Pray go back. The worst has happened, and you ought not to be seen here. It may do you harm by -and- bye Take my advice and get away from this neighborhood as eoon as you can.' ''What have they found — where?' asked St. Austell, ignoring his advice. 'They have found a body in a deep pool further down the stream — it is her's, there are ample means of recognition. The long brown hair, a wedding ring and keeper, a Persian rug wound round with a silk handkerchief. If her murderer had taken pains to secure her identifica tion, and to show that she did not throw herself into the river, but was thrown in by somebody else, he could not have done more. Yes, it is very sad. my lord,' as if in an&wer; to the agony in St. Austell'a countenance, ' but there is no help. It is all over and done with. It is only what I expected. What you have to do is to get away from Chadford before the in quest, and to keep your name out of the business if you can. You are known to have been with her on the last day of her life, to have planned an elopement with her. You may be suspected of her murder — who knows.' ' 'I don't care whether I am or not. Where is she ? Let me see her,' said St. \- AnttcU, trying- to pace Mr. Malnotto, who contrived to block the path. ' For God's sake don't go that way. The men are carrying their burden to the deadhouse. Let no one who loved her look upon hei? — let no one but the surgeon see all that death and the river have left of poor humanity. Come back to Chadford with me, Lord St. Austell, I am going to the coroner.' 'What of her murderer? Is he to eEcape you ?' ' Not if I can help it, I shall telegraph to Scotland Yard before I see the coroner, and when I have seen him I shall get a magistrate's warrant for Mr. Belfield's arrest, and I shall take the first train for London to put the warrant in force.' ' Sir Adrian will have communicated with his brother in the meantime, per hape. Does he know what has happened f ' Not yet, I think. There was no one down by the river while the men were at work, except the gamekeeper, and I told him my story of having dropped my watch into the stream, which he seemed to swallow easily enough. I don't think Sir Adrian can have heard anything yet ; but there will be plenty of talk, I suppose, when the remains have been taken to the deadhouse.' Lord St. Austell lcoked back along the river path. He saw the men in the dis atance carryisg their burden on a light hand bier, which they must have taken with them from the deadhouse in expec tation of this ghastly result. The burden was covered with a black cloth, and they were walking slowly in the same direction as St. Austell and Melnotte, only a good way behind. He made no further attempt to see what lay beneath yonder gruesome covering, indeed he felt that Melnotte was right, and that he would not for worlds have looked upon those poor relics of all that he had loved. Let not that horrible image come between Mm and Ms memory of her fresh young beauty ; let him not be reminded through her of what he him self must be — of poor humanity's common doom. He walked back to the town almost in silence, and left the detective to do Ms work alone. Melnotte suggested that he should go to the cottage and break the news to Colonel Deverill, but this Sb. Austell refused. 'I can help no man to bear his burden,' he said, ' my own is too heavy for me.' It was part of his burden to know that Ms unholy love had been the cause of Helen Belfield's death. If her husband was the murderer, it was her lover who had brought about the crime. Chai-tek XLIII. — '.Let Me be Yotjb, Servant.' Valentine Belfield did not go to the Great Western Hotel after he left the house In Lisson Grove. He was too deeply agitated to go quietly back to his hotel and eat a good supper and drink a bottle, of wine and go to bed and rest. He knew that sleep was impossible, unless he could bring it about by sheer fatigue, as he had done when he walked from the - abbey to Bideport and had slept the sleep of exhaustion in the bottom of the little sailing boat. His only chance to-night was to walk down the devil of restlessness that was in him ; so he turned his face northward and walked to Hampstead, and then struck off towards Finchley and Hendon, and roamed about among fields and lanes all night, and at 7 o'clock breakfasted at a little public -house by the side of a canal, somewhere between Finch ley- road and Child's Hill. It waa,a house chiefly affected by bargemen, and nobody tcok any particular notice of him, the barmaid merely remarking that in all probability he was a swell who, nad been on the drink hist night, and had been walking about to sober himself. He was Eober enough this morning evi dently, and was proof against all the bar maid's blandishments, though she had taken the trouble to take her hair out of papers before she carried Mm Ms break fast of eggs and bacon and strong tea. He had eaten nothing yesterday except the dainty little plate of bread-and-butter supplied by Madge, and he was faint and sick from the unaccustomed fast. He fell asleep by the fire in the public house parlor, slept through the entrances and exits of several relays of bargemen, Blept amidst the odor of beer and the jingle of pewter potB, dozed on till the afternoon, and then paid Ms score and went away. He made his way across the fields to the Edgware-road and thence to Lisson Grove, where he went into a slop seller's shop and bought a complete suit of such clothes as are worn by the lower order of working men — an Oxford shirt, corduroy trousers, fustian jacket, and hob- nailed boots. He changed his clothes on the premises, and reappeared in Liason Grove in corduroy and fustian, leaving his own tMngs to be kept till called for. The shopman wondered not a little at this transformation. ' It's a lark, eir, I suppose 2' he said. ' Yes, it's a lark,' answered Mr. Bel field, as he walked out of the shop. ' Well, I must say that I never laid eyes on a less larky- lookiog gent to be up to Buch a move as that,' said the young Israelite to his fellow shopman, as he put Mr. Belfield's clothes away. ' There's a lady at the bottom of it, I make no doubt, Benjamin,' replied the other, dismissing the subject, which re mark was more accurate than speculative observations are wont to be. It was dusk when Mr. Belfield rang the bell at the Forlorn Hope. Madge opened the door and did not recognise him as he stood facing her silently, with his back to the light. ' What do yon want, my good man ?' ' I want to be your servant, as I told you last night.' ' Mr. Belfield, why are you still hang ing about here ?' cried Madge, in an ago nised tone. ' This is sheer madness.' ' I believe it is next door to madness,' answered Valentine, following her into the parlor, ' but it Is madness that only you can cure. There's no use in my going abroad, Madge, without you. I should only carry my guilty conscience and my misery with me go where I might — Africa, Asia, the North Pole — it would be all the same to me. There is no place so strange, no life so wild and full of danger, excitement, occupation, that would make me forget, so long as I were alone. You have the power to comfort me. You have the power to lay the ghost that haunts me. You alone can tell me that 1 have re pented and have expiated my sin. Yon have the faith that moves mountains, and by your faith I may be saved. Leave me to myself and I shall perish inevitably. There is no help, no cure, but through you.' ' You are mad,' she said. ' Yes, it ia all madness. I have a good work to do here and I cannot leave it.' ' Let me stay here then, and work for yon. That is what I have come for ; ta be your drudge, your slave ; to be what Caliban was to Prospero. I am .dressed for the part, you see. You will find how handy 1 can make myself, cleaning win dows and scrubbing flag- stones, doing work that you and the sisters cannot do, with all your willingness to toil. And in bad cases, when a patient wants watching at night, I can do my part as a watch- dog. You don't know what I can be under your transforming power. Madge, I have no friend in the world but you.' ' You have your mother, a nearer and dearer friend.' ' No. To my mother my life has been a lie. She only is my friend who knows my ∈ and my repentance. Let me stay here, Madge, and when I leave the country go with me as my guardian angel and my wife. Test the truth of my re pentance, if you will, before you trust me. See how changed a creature I have become. How all that is vilest in my nature has been purged out of it by the horror of my secret Bin. Test me to the uttermost as your servant before you accept me as your husband.' Madge began to waver. __He- who. was. pleading to her knew not how urgently her own heart was pleading for him, how fondly she loved him even in his degrada tion, stained with the shedding of blood. ' i believe it would be for your own safety to leave England instantly,' she said. ' There is no knowing when danger may arise, but if you are bent upon stay ing in this house and helping us in our work, I will talk to the sisters and see what can be done. Our fort nightly committee meeting will be held to-morrow afternoon, and most of the sisters will be here. If they consent to your being employed here — as a servant — I have no objection. There is a little room on this floor at the end of the passage wMch you might have as a bedroom. It is Email and rather datk, but it is dry and well ventilated.' 'Give me any den, any cell,' said Valentine.. ' Do you think I care how I am lodged ? I want to be near you, Madge ; I want to feel the support of your pre sence. That is all I ask.' ' Yon must not call me Madge here. I am Sister Margaret.' *? You shall be Sister Margaret until you are wife Margaret. And now order me about ; let me begin my slavery. Give me any work there is to be done.' ' I don't think there is anything you can do to-night, but you shall clean all the windows to morrow if you like. Our win dows have always been an affliction to me. We have done our best, but women -are not good as window-cleaners. To-night you can take a holiday, but on future evenings we can give you some penman eMp to do for us, letters to charitable people who help us. What must we call you, by- the- bye? You have a second Christian name, I think V 1 ' Yes. I was christened John Valen tine, but I was always called by the second name, because my mother preferred it.' (C Then here we will call you John.' She began to prepare the tea as she had done- on the previous evening, and two of the sisters came in to fetch the trays for their patients. One was an elderly woman, the other a girl of twoand twenty, a pale gentie-looking creature, with a wistful expression in her large blue eyes. Madge introduced Valentine to them as Mr. John, a person who in the outside world had been a gentleman, but who offered himself to them as a servant. ' If all the slaters approve, I think we may keep him here and find him very use ful,' she said. ' In the meantime he will stay here for to-night, and he can help you both in carrying round the coal- scuttles after tea.' Sister Agnes, the fair girl, eat down to tea with Madge and Valentine. She had a slightly nervous manner, and spoke rarely, bnt Valentine was interested in her appearance, and enquired her history by-and- bye, when she had gone back to her duties on the upper floor. ' Her's is a sad story. She belongs to very rich people, and three years ago her life was a round of gaiety. She fell in love with an army doctor, and her family were all opposed to the match, and made her break off her engagement. Ha went to Egypt and was killed in the Soudan. She heard of his death unex pectedly from her partner at a dance, and for six months afterwards she was out of her mind. When Bhe recovered nothing would induce her to resume her old life of fine clothes and parties, nothing would induce her to hear of another lover. She devotes her life to charitable work, and all the money her father gives her is given to the poor. He is very liberal to her, although he disapproves of her way of life. She spends only one day of every week in this house, but she works for us out of doors, going about the streets at night and talking to wretched women whorfl few girls of her age would have the courage to approach. That fragile looking woman has penetrated the darkest alleys about Clare Market, the most dangerous streets in JJatcliff Highway, where even the police go at the risk of their lives. She has never suffered any harm, has hardly ever been insulted by a coarse word. She has done more good than any other mem ber of onr sisterhood, although all hard =M worked well.' -~ . 'She can take your place when you have gone to the other side of the world. i Madge.' .- J Madge shook her head with a sweet, serious look, full of tenderness. 'I shall never leave my work, Mr. Belfield. 1 have given myself to it as much as if I had taken a vow. I am very sorry .j for you; I would do much to befriend you or to be of use to you, but I have pub my hand to th6 plough, and I shall never ^ take it away.' Valentine got up and began to pace tha room fuming. ' It is madness,' he exclaimed ; ' a ; woman's craze. Only a woman would ever ? think of such a thing. Are there not hospitals for sick women ?' 'There are hospitals for disease, but there are no hospitals for the weak and ailing ; there are very few refuges foe fainting sinners. There are plenty of ' orphanages for the epotlesB children, but there are few havens for the girls lost in the dawn of girlhood. Christ loved the innocent children 'and called- them to hia knees, but he had inexhaustible pity for the fallen women.' ' So be it. You have set the ball roll- ] ing. You have begun the work. Others \ can carry it on.' - ?*? ' I will not leave it to others.' ? ' You can continue your good work In the antipodes. You will find sin in tha \^ new world as well as In the old. 'There is no colony bo recently founded that Satan has not helped to people it. Come, Madge, be reasonable. Three years ago you __„ spurned me because I dared to approach you as a seducer. You did well, and I deserved your contempt. Now I come to yon in all honor ; I offer you all I have to give — my name, my life, my fortune— euch as it is. I am to inherit all my mother's property, and I shall not be a ^ poor man. I come to you with a blemished life, stained with one hour of darkest sin; But I am not altogether vile. I have re- : pented that fatal hour in the long agony s of months. I shall repent it all my life. 4 Only yon can make that life tolerable* only you can heal my wounds. Be my . wife, Madge ; take me with all my sins.' ^ta^- She held out her hand to htrn as ha ' stopped in his pacing to and fro, and they , remained for some moments silent, with clasped hands, he looking down at her, bis eyes kindling as he looked ; she very pale and her lips slightly tremulous. - ' You love me, Madge,' he said breath- ' leesly ; ' you can forget all for my sake V* ? ? . ' I am very sorry for you,' she ^ ° answered softly, 'but I have done with *???'-?; individual love. I have given my heart; jq and life to my sorrowing Bisters.' ' It is a craze, Madge ; I say again ib is a craze.' . ^ 'You have not seen the good done— yon have not seen thealtered faces. There are women now in happy honest homes whom we have picked up out of the gutter. -: If you were to see one young wife I know of, with her husband and her baby, you would not believe there had ever been, : a Btain on her life. He took her, knowing what her past had been, and he has cherished her as a paarl of price. These are rare cases; but they ^ are bright spots wMch cheer us and help '* us onward through many a dark night.' 'Well, you are resolute, I suppose. You will go on helping strangers, and you j will abandon me to my fate.' 1 ' I do not abandon you. I will do any- . ^^^v-^-c^s: thing in my power to help you, short of ^W^^ sacrificing duty for your sake. I think you are very unwise to loiter here whenyott ought to be getting far away from Eng land, losing your identity in a strange »? world. Your wife's relations will not be ' -i satisfied for ever without certain know- A _ ^ ledge of her fate. An investigation may . ~ ^ be set on foot at any moment, and the t truth may be brought tj light. You J should be out of the way before that can ,. I happen.-'' ? '. -j| '1 tell yonldo not value my life unless : you will share it. I would rather stay here and clean windows than riot in luxury ^ -, at the antipodes.' ? Madge answered nothing. She felt the hopelessness of the situation. He had chosen to come there, and she had not denied him shelter. She had taken upon herself in some wise the responsibility of Mb existencejiince she had spoken of hint to the Bisters'; and now she felt that hia v presence there would be a constant source of anxiety and mental disturbance. Sha would have to be perpetually on herguard, for ever denying a love which was tha strongest passion of her life. It had been in her despair at resigning him that sha had gone upon her mission to her mother. All that she had done for others had been the off-shoot of her despairing love foe - Mm. And now he offered himself to hen in honor, and she refused him. 'MI give way to his fancy he will forget all the past, and his repentance will . become a mockery,' she said to herself. ' I cannot stand in the place of his dead wife. I cannot profit by his crime. HLoir could I ever be at peace, remembering that ib was murder that set Mm free to ba »' my husband 1' (To he continued, ) 