WYTHRED'S WHARF : A THAMES-SIDE TALE. CHAPTER III. The Tftrf.ateni>'<: Face. Percy Overbeck's visit to Greenwich liad effected a noticeable improvement in the wharf owner's state of mind. The haunted look , left liiin ; his expression was altogethei less care worn, and it would almost seem as if'.' those strange forebodings, which had'lately perturbed his brain, troubled him no longer. "His interest in the business of the wharf returned, and Bucket found hint one evening working in-grim earnest at liis desk. . "Well, Ducket," said Mr. Lintock as the foreman came in, lantern in hand, to light his lamp, "who is oa duty to-n;ght ?"' " I'm on duty, sir, until twelve o'clock." " .. "Not alone?' j . " Why, yes. The fact is, sir,' I'd - a special, object in relieving the night- watchman." ' V i; The wharf-owner's glance expressed surprise. " What object could yon possibly have ?" Ducket, still occupied with Mr. -Lintock s lamp, auo.rcied Svitiiout raising his eye's;: " I'm expecting Mr. Overbeck." "At what hour?" Ducket handed the wharf-owner a "slip of paper. A single l'ue, which.he recognised as Porcy Overbeck's w.-iting, rau as follows : Ten p.m.- ' Wait at wharf.—P.O." . 1 Mr. Lintock's face while reading this under-i went a change; but recovering himself quickly, he said : " Do you know why Mr. Overbcckis coming here to- nightV . The lamp was now lighted; and Ducket, while placing it upon the wharf-owner's desk and adjusting the shade, replied : " It's about Clogstoun. So I naturally suppose ; for : there ain't anything else that 1 can think of; would bring, him' here at that time o' night. The j note, just as you see it, was given to me this afternoon." ,. j " Who brought it?" • ! " One of Mr. Overbeck's clerks." The wharf-owner looked> thoughtful. "Ij have plenty to keep me busy till, ten o'clock," said he, throwing a glauco: over the papers before him. "Mr. Overbeck is coming, depeud upon it, about Clogstoun. I shall wait and see hiir." Then taking up his pen, he added f1 " You'll be within hearing, Ducket, in case I want you?" :• " You've only to touch your bell, sir; I shall be sure to hear." It was the first time for many weeks that the wliavf-owner had worked alone in the counting house after dark; and it was not surprising that the dead silence and solitude, when he occasionally skipped, and looked up from his ■■ desk, should remind him of the threatening face of Clogstoun. He had dismissed the clerks, for he had no need of assistance; every detail referring to the wharf was entered in the books upon the shelves around him. Still this dead silence.and solitude seemed each moment more oppressive. Mr. Lintock looked at liis watch. It was past nine. What could Ducket, he wondered, .be doing so noiselessly downstairs? It was strange that he had neither heard the sound of his footstep nor of'his voice. The wliarf-owner thought: " If Ducket would only sing or move about the warehouse, the sense of loneliness and dread which is creeping over me wouldbe removed. Shall I touch the bell ?" He tried manfully to dismiss this feeling and to find absorption in the work before him; but there now arose in his inind, more vividly, than it had ever done, this haunting face. He imagined the figure of Clogstoun) as Ducket had described it, leaning over the parapet oii London Bridge. Was the man there to-night! The wharf-owner could cot resist the temptation to stretch out 'lis hand and draw back the curtain from his win dow and look out upon the dark river. The lights flickered on London Bridge; but they were dim—too dim to have enabled Mr. Lintock to distinguish one figure from another. Yet he fancied that, dark us it was, lie could discern a shadowy form standing near the centre of the bridge, and that form resembled that of the man with whose face he was so painfully haunted. He dropped the cm-tain with an angry gesture. ' What if Clogstoun is there?' he exclaimed aloud. - But the wharf-owner's hand trembled now; he could not write. The black horrors which he had resolutely overcome began again to crowd his brain like imps of darkness; the more he tried to chase them from him, the more they swarmed. His imagination awakened into terror at last. A firm conviction took hold upon hi 111: it was like a nightmare which no strength of will , could drive.from his brain: Clogstoun was staring at him through the glass partition in the clerk's office like a cat watching its prey! : ' Mr. Lin'ock sprang to his feet; at this moment the,great gate bell in the courtyard of the ware house began to ring, ; CONCLUSION. ' ■With.the Tide. After lighting, Mr. Lintock's lamp, Bucket hail descended to the basement, on a level with the w-harf. It /was a huge stoi-etoom; ita: area represented the dimensions of the entire ware house; aud although there were piles-of mer-: ehandise heaped up on all sides, of the iron' pillars which supported the Uoor'above, its great size was still apparent, for there were avenues in every direction between these goodly piles wide enough for the trucks to riin: to and fro." Near the river entrance; to this storeroom stood; a wooden shed, it had a door facing'- the main, avenue, and a small window ou each side. On* the door was written, ' Superintendent's Office.' "Ducket raised the latch uud stepped in. There' was a desk under one of the windows, and tinder the other .stood a stove with a funnel disappear ing tli rough a hole in the woodwork. The fore man draw up a cliair in front of this stove, and having taken a look at the fire and fed it with charcoal, he began to appease his appetite out of a basin and a blackened tin can with a cork iu it which stood ou the hob. He ate his sup-" per with apparent relish; but the mixture in the can did not seem to his taste, he rejected it with a, grimace after the first draught. ' I'd rather drink a pint of senna,' declared Ducket, driving the cork home emphatically with the palm of his hand, ' than another drop of that stuff.' He lit in his chair, and stared perplexedly at the tin can. Had anyone, he wondered, been playing him a trick? He was beginning to got sleepy, ! —so sleepy, that when he looked round him at the walls of the shed, they appeared to expand and his head to grow proportionately larger. It was a maddening sensation. By an effort lie roused himself, stood upright, and tried his ut most to throw off this drowsiness. He was con scious of his responsible position; he was the sole watchman in the warehouse. If any catastrophe were to occur, no matter how it was brought about, he felt that the blame would fall upon his shoulders. Ducket- knocked the ashes out of his pipe, took up his lantern, and went out- side of the shed. He began to pa.ee resolutely up ami down the centre avenue between pyramids of sacks 1 lvi'- '="ui5olu ; out ll lasted only a short time. No matter which way the foreman turned, whether to the right or to the left, lie was becoming more and more im pressed with the fact that uncertainty lay beyond. This soon ended by the lantern drop ping from Ducket's hand and going out; and then he sank upon the ground with his head resting upon a hard bale. Was he dreaming? It seemed to Ducket, as in a dream, that someone glided past him like a ghost and that a light was flashed before his eyes ; and then a long interval of darkness and confused fancies followed, until he gradually awoke—awoke with a start—strongly convinced that he had been roused by the clang of the warehouse bell. Could it be Jir. Overbeck at the gate already? It was surely not yet ten o'clock! The foreman scrambled to his feet, and groped along the dark avenue of goods towards the superintendent's office, for he could find his way about the warehouse without a gleam of iurht. As he went along with outstretched hands he experienced a dull singing in the cars. Was it the gate-bell still vibrating in his bewildered brain. Ducket fomul the stovo-fire still burning, though low. He took down a lantern from the wall, and lighting it, he glanced anxiously at the clock, " Half-past ten," exclaimed the fore man: " wby——" It was the warehouse bell. It was no dream 'now; itsouiidedlikean alarm, it was so incessant, Still half-dazed with the oppressing effect of liia iimiatural sleep, Ducket hurried across the yard, arid unlocking the side-door leading into Thames Street, found himself face to face with Percy Overbeds. " Why are you so dilatory," said - Overbeck, with an air of suppressed impatience,' " in answering the bell." - ... "1 only heard it, sir, a niinute ago. - .VM How's thntr I've '-been ringing at short intervals for nearly half an.hour. Is anything wroug?" 1 {' - Ducket, looking puzzled-at Ovevbeck's excited face, answeied: " L very much suspect that—" "What?" ." That I've been drugged. ' That's why I couldn't com2. I fell asleep; the noise of the bell awoke me." The excited expression in Overbeck's excited face increased. " .And you here alone?" , " I'm the only one on duty; but Irm not aloi:e in the warehouse," said the foreman ; "j\lr. :Lintock is here. " ".Overbeck hurriedly demanded: Where? " . ".In his ofliee up-stairs. I left^ him there busv writing at his desk." ; " When?" . " Some hours ago—before I becamo drowsy." : ■' /fours'ligo ?— Show the way as quick as yon can ; to 5Ir; Lintock's room. Ducket, still more perplexed at.Oyerbeck's manner, hastened up-stairs without a word. He wassei/ed with a dreadful sense of apprehension; and on opening Mr. Lintock's door, he uttered a suppressed cry. The wharf-owner's room was empty ; but the lamp upon his desk witsburning, and the light thrown upon his papers showed them in disorder. An inkstand had been upset upon the table, and the ink /was trickling down into a pool upon .the floor. Overbeck, stepping forward, took a quick glance round him. Then he looked keenly at Ducket. 'Clogstoun has been here. He and Mr. Lintock have met' The foreman's face expressed a look of horror. '.Now, Ducket,' said Percy Overbeck, placing liisi hand upon the foreman's shoulder, ' nerve yourself. Let us search the warehouse." > The warehouse was explored from roof to base ment. The foreman, who had > known every turning among the dark lanes of merchandise since boyhood, took > the lead, flashing his lantern into every nook and comer. On each floor they > called on Mr. Lintock loudly byname ; but only an echo of tlieir voices > reached them. They 'Stood once more within the wharf-owner's room. ' Ducket,' said Overbeck, 'cast your eyes carefully round. Is anything missing The light from the. foreman's lantern moved over the floor and then slowly round the walls. Suddenly it stopped behind Mr. Lintock's chair. '.Doyou see that peg, air V 'Yes.' " • The key should be there. It's gone.' /.'What key?' :,' The key, sir, to that private door,' and . Ducket pointed to a door opposite the window. ' But,'said Overbeck, ' that leads out upon the wharf. And,' he added, turning the handle, ' it's locke^. What can it mean? '.It means,' said the foreman with sulden in spiration, ' that, dead or alive, master has gone out by that door.' Without loss of time, by means of the superin tendent's. key, they made their way out upon the landing-stage. They looked eagerly across the. dark river. The tide was lapping monotonously. a;gainst the sides of the wharf ; chains were rattling, boats and barges moored alongside creaked and strained at their ropes. Presently Ducket who went [lashing about with his indispensable lantern, cried out: ' There's a boat gone !; - . . . ' AJi ! Is the tide ebbing ?' 'Ay, sir, ebbing fast.' Overbeck reflected a moment ; then he said : ' give me the lantern.' Ducket obeyed. ' Now,' added Overbeck, ' unfasten a- boat, and let us rbw'down.stream.. We are on the track, I hope, .at last.' . The foreman quickly set to . work. There was a boat suited to their purpose lying ontside a barge;; it was soon loosened and ready for thein to' start. • ■ , . .... ' ' I'll take the sculls,', said Overbeck as lie stepped into his place. ' You shall steer. You know this part of the river better than I do.— Are you ready 't ' Right ! With the tide, Mr. Overbeck?' :' Yes, by all means ; with the tide.' Aud so, with Ducket grasping the rudder and Overbeck the sculls, the boat moved out into inid-stream. On they went with the ebbing tide underthe black shadows of huge ships and tower ing warehouses until Ducket's lantern was a mere speck of gliding light in the darkness. Bertha Lintoek, although made aware in a message from her father that he would not return until late, began to grow anxious towards midnight. She paced up and down her room, and constantly listened for the sound of wheels in the carriage-drive ; the unpleasant affair, of which; Percy Overbeck had spoken to her re assuringly, recurred to her mind. Though trusting in Percy, she could not conquer her strong presentiment of danger ; for, when a child, strangely enough, Wythred's : wharf had made a deep impression upon Bertha. While walking at her father's side through the great sombre storcrooni.3, they . had • reached some passage—walled with bales of merchandise—oO dark and narrow that she shrunk back with sudden fright, and would go no further. That was her first visit, and she had never entered the.warehouse since. Presently, Bertha heard a hurried step outside the house. She ran to widow and threw it open. Overbeck stood below.: "Percy ! — has anything happened?" she asked. " Where is father?" - "He is here, Bertha—at the gate. You have no need to be' alarmed." Bertha hastened into the hall. Percy Overbeck met her at the door, and they went'into the dining-room together. "Your faoher ; has been again seized with that odd fancy," Percy hastened to tell her. "He be lieves that while seated in his office this evening, Clogstonn threatened him. Panic stricken, he escaped from this phantom or reality, down his private staircase leading to the wharf. Here, groping his way to the barges, he dropped into a boat, and setting it adrift, went out with the tide. Ducket and . I—to cut a long story short —overtook:the boat,.and"— At this moment, Mr.;Lintoek slowly entered the room, leaning on Ducket's arm. His clothes were wet and bespattered with mud. Seeing his daughter he stepped towards her, but losing strength, lie sank into a chair. : Bertha. ran to his,' side and . bent over him. " Are you hurt, father?'- ■< .: - ■ " No, my near, only exhausted; Percy and our old friend Ducket," said lie, ...looking up gratefully into their, faces, ".have saved my life." ; ■: The wharf-owner's nerves were badly shaken. But a- few days rest', under his daughter's thoughtful supervision, restored him to health. , Clogstonn's face never haunted Mr. Lintoek again; .for on the day after this occurrence, the man . was found at the warehouse among some bags of, sea damaged liemp seed, breathing his last; and as a small phial was : discovered at his side containing traces of a narcotic, it was conjectured that he had poured a portion of this drug into Ducket's tin can and had himself swallowed the rest with a strong resolve to bring his wretched existence to an end. . For sometime Mr Lintoek avoided the subject of his flight from the office and from the face. It appeared, however, that at the moment when Clogstonn forced his way into the room, the wharf owner retreated through the private door. This door lie locked behind him, in order to cut off pursuit; and thus separated from the Thames Street exit by Clogstoun's presence, Mr Lintoek had made his escape by water. In after-days, when Bertha had become Over beck's wife, they often dwelt on that midnight ailair at Wytiired's whari and it transpired now Percy, frequently on the watch for Clogstonn, having learnt something of his haunts and habits, had reason to suppose that he had found a means " of getting into the warehouse. For this reason, he had appointed that meeting with Ducket, though scarcely imagining that evoiits would take such a strange turn as they had done. At Sea.—"Tlie great steamship is tossing like a cork upon the water," writes a correspondwnt. "The man who sleeps in the berth underneath mine lias put his head out to speak to me, and has received an avalanche of books, bags, brushes, and combs from a shelf above him. After the manner uf a bear with a sore head, he makes sweeping- al lusions and disappears. ' Jodson,' I remark, 'just look at those things on the floor—are tliey yours V' We are holdiny n>v tn-3' y'" uuf neacis ( js^ucu otcr tlie sides of nur ti.c floor of the cabin is occupied by three port manteaus, a hand-bag, boots, books, brushes, and a silk hat. These are all pursuing; each other from side to side, backward and forward, with an amusing frequency. "It doesn't matter," said Jodson wearily. Just then one of the port manteau hurries the hat into a corner, and crushes it. to pieces. I laugh immoderately. Jodson curls himself up and smiles. ' It's your hat,' is all he says." Mr. Stutt, the h st of the Excelsior, and President of the Licensed Victuallers', is {says the Melbourne correspondent of the Pleasant Creek JVcips) one of the mildest mannered men who ever drew a cork, or smiled as he handed a guest a foaming tankard of genuine half-and-half. Poor fellow ! he nearly fell into the clutches of a design ing widow who was unable to obtain reparation for her wounded feelings for the prosaic reason that she _ had not got the moms. "What an admission before getting into the witness-box to recover damages against a fiend 111 human"form, who had blighted her young (aboi.t 50) affections bj refusing to marry her. Tlie lady ■<18 stone), hailed from Buirnsdale, came down during the dry days to town, put up at the sign of the. Banner with a strange, device, nice place, agreeable landlord, pleasant chat with him on the sofa, gloam of evening. Talk about kindred spirits. Two whiskies brought up, touched glasses; that was enough. It could mean nothing less than a. pro posal, said the Bairnsdalo campaigner. "Get out" said Sir. Boniface. She got. Next day, lawyer's letter. Stutt wa3 unscjueezable, what ever the elephantine widow might have been. Hence those teura, 