VICTORIAN BAPTIST ASSOCIA TION'S JUBILEE MEETINGS. 'iho opening devotional meeting for con ference and prayer of the series of conference meetings to be held this week under the auspices of the Baptist Association of Victoria was held this morning in the Lecture Hall adjoining tho Collins street Baptist Church, tho Rov. S. Chapman presiding. Thero was also a very fair attendance ot delegates and friends. The meeting was one purely for devotional purposes prepara tory to tho regular business ot tlio Conference. Tho programme for the Confcrcnco tucludcs tho following items t — This evening at haif-past seven o'clock there will be an oddrws by tho retiring Chairman, W. M'Leau ; tho Chairman's adrircs by thu Rev. S. Chapmau ; reception of intercolonial visitors and Cr Alexander M'Laren, of Man- chrster, England. To-morrow morning at half-past ten o'clock there will be a meeting for prayer and pratac in tlio Lecturo Hall, wheu tho Rev E. Harris, ot Fitzroy, will pre side, and addrc?ses bo given by tbo Rev It. Williamson, of South Ynrra. In tho evening at half-past seven, at tho Town Hall, there will be the demonstration on tlio completion of the Victorian Baptist Fund. The chair will be taken by the Rev. 3\. Chapman, The Secretary and Trcasur-r's report will then be presented, and addresses given by Wm. M'Lt-an, Esq., G. S. Fowler, Esq., of South Australia, and Dr Alexander MacLaren. Tins mnrmngmc proceedings were uegan by the Chairman (tho Rov. S. Ohapman, who, having given out a preliminary hymn| said if he understood the object of thu meeting it was one called for thu purposo of asking , God's blessing upon the forthcoming meetings. It was a wise idea that tli-y should com mence tlieir serius of meetings by one devoted especially -to asking n bles sing upon their Con.'Arcnci with, a fervent hope and confidence that they would get that blessing, and that it would bo actually given. What they needed was an assurance of their own rightiv.-.- ami accept ance with God in Jomh Christ, nnd to know tha: tbey would got what was worth having, and a confidonc looking to phrist for strength. As in the early days iu tlm worship in the Temple ths first tiling tho priest did was to wa?h and be made cl-an, so they should approach God and becomo cleansed in spirit to renew their strength. -» Alter the conclusion of Uih dcvotioiml exercise?) the choirmau said he did not know whether ho had apprehended what tho word conference meant, but ho understood it to mean a conference os to spiritual inaiteis, arid not a business conference in any sense. He understood the conference to be one us a moot ing to express their joy in tho Lord. Ho then went on to state that this was just what was wanted, and without it they were and cmild do nothing. He had met a man recently who told him that he know he was converted, hu: that was all. He, (he chairman might tell them that such n condition was a po\verN?s one, and they wanted to get more than this, or all their work was vain. Somo of tliem went through tho year toiling for other?, but they At times felt that they wanted a provi sion for themselves. He himself often felt a putfect hunger for someone to preach to him, nod he would throw out a sug gestion that they ehoutd make omo such pro- vision wheto they could havo -one of their brethren to minister to thom cm stated occa sions when they could not meet together. It might be n little hard on thn individual selected but his turn would not come very often and he must expect it. The Rev. E. Harris, of Fitzroy, Baptist Church, said that m his case ho had felt con- uidcrably an expression it» one «»f th«» prayer for encouragement in their work. Su fur ns he- was concerned, be often met with aud felt discouraged. Ho often after preaching fult it would have been better had ho not preached at all, aud ho at times felt as if he did not caro if lie never preached at all again. Ho could not account for this except there was so much iu their work that tended that way. He then proceeded and stated that Bou.e tune ago ho and certain of iiiu friends hnd agreed to iiuet on Saturday even ings for fellowship meetings and for prayer and praise. Theso meeting hnd boon con tinued nnd proved of great help to him, and he felt that thn last rear had been thn best to him sinco he gavo his K-vrt to God. lie then proceeded to state thn) ho thought that thu future looked hopeful, and that tbey bad ever)' augury of success, A gentleman iu the audience urged that ministers should try to exercise moru personal influence upon every member of their con gregation, and if they did so bo thought they would receive tlio thanks of so many of them that the discouragements would ho forgotten, and they would fuel they were doing good. Tho llcv Mr Gillingssi>oku o( thediscourage- inont of ministers, saying that he thonght that what minhters f-liou'u do was to bo faithful. They did not understand what hucccss was— Gucccfcs was fidelity, Mr Delling, speaking of thn suggested Saturday night meeting? and conference, raid hu had had thn pleasure of attending a number of such meeting in London, at which an ordinary meeting con sisted of 1000 perrons. They wero Penti- costal meetings. Jlo thought success laid in conscientious discbarge of tho duties laid upon them, nnd not in oratorical display or in crowded bouse?. He hud had experience as a citv missionary in tlio cast end of London for four years, and ho thought that if uny man had need for graco ifc was a city missionary. Thero was so much to drag them level of those whom they visited. A number Of bis confreics had adopted tho idea of monthly conference) where tho) gave short addresses and strengthened each other. Mr A. J. Clark (Sydney) said hi had not come to talk to the meeting, but he would tell them that in Sydney thfy heartily rejoiced with their friends for their big financial and other success. They felt tney bad been beaten In Ntw South Wales, but ho hoped they would grow. Ho thought that what tnoy needed was more of -tlio lJeiitieoHtal life anil get God the Holy Ghost in their liotnc?, daily life ond Ministry. Tney wanted a baptism of tlie Holy Ghost, a great big deep renewal. Thoy and not had it tn Australia yet. They had had it in England and Ireland and in America, and they wanted it in Australia, where the young men wero growing up mid be- B'nning to take power into their own hands. 0 thought such a rouewal should begi n with the xr.inistera thoui-lvre. Ho remembered some such a scheme amongst his brother some titno ago. Thoy . had felt a hunger and a desiro for grace. Tlpy met one niglit and held a prayer meeting all night, tho result of which was that every brother went buck to his church, and had a great in gathering of soul. They needed such a bap tism for cash Sunday's service. With tho visiting and arranging, and work of mcotinga, and one thing or another, tho business of even tlieir life did seem to take np so much of their timo that they did often begin to think they wore feeding on old manna. Ha trusted aud believed that in the present conference they would get a renewal ot spiritual streuuth. „ At the conclusion of Mr'Clark's remarks, no other gentleman rising, prayer followed, which, with singing, concluded the mooting, 