TO THE EDITOR. I am, &c.;, JANUS. Sir—The baneful effects upon society of the measure—simplifying divorce—at present be- <*> fore our Parliament can sca[?]y be doubted. But surely morality is sufficiently lax under existing social laws without legalising further infringmeint by loosening the restraining bonds ot propriety and decency, and legislating in favor ot popular clamor for social novelties and fads. The conspicuous departures of modern events!rom thewell beaten and long established paths of rectitude (tried and proven), and the reckless and greedy manner in which we are oow rushing after fancies sew, and ghosts of i pampered self indulgence, would unquestion ably suggest a downward course, a retrogres sion, a falling away from the straight paths of right, and a most decided hankering after the crooked by lanes of the pleasures of life to the exclusion of duty. Marriage is entirely a voluntary act on the part of the two parties ooncerned. There is no compulsion in the ; matter. The bargain is distinctly made by and between the two participant?, each taking the otner "for better or for worse," and any ultimate differences between them must lie at the door of their own free actions in the matter —no one el*o is to blame. It is a bargain, and of course must be respected and established aa such. Our law very rightly only admits of one caute for divorce — adultery; but modern sentimentality would eventually abolish mar riage entirely, and substitute a vile state of depravity. In fact, if we look with a calm un biassed mind upon the stream of passing event?; we must, in accordance with common sense snd reason, see our descent from ? higher level to a lower. This (stream of innovations is ever hurrying as on from bad to worse, and its strength and deatruc tivenes? we are ever developing by our own faddish sentimental twaddle. We are rapidly drifting back into the ages of bar rmlrimn from which the adoption of the good old Scripture truths of Christianity bad rescued us, but by the abandoning of which we are again relapsing into our former barbarism wallowing in the mire of oar own folly. This down grade of discontent and rebellion against existing lawful restraint is producing eerious disasters in class disruptions, of strikes amongst employe* against their employers, of rixt? and such like. The Socialistic element is rapidly dragging us all down the ruinous vortex of anarchy—where law ceases to exer- . cise its action for good. The Pope evidently sees this upheaval of the rapidly-rising level ling power of Socialism, whose aim it is to over throw all restraining authority, law and order, ' and hence his reason for making the stand he at present has takes against it in Ireland. Anarchy is developing all through Europe into a mighty power for evil, and must be met by all law-abiding and order-loving Powers; for once allow it to assert its sway and Koman Catholicism, Protestantism, and ail princi palities and powers will cease to exist. It may be asked.what has all this to do with simplifying divorce': Simply this—that the spirit of aver sion to the restraint of existing matrimonial laws is a ripple of the (same wave of anarchy that is threatening to overwhelm Christendom, and is an indication of the wide-spread feeling of rebellion against lawful restraint—a pre cursor of the rise and sway of the "lawless one"—a power that prophecy declares will at sett bis diabolical tyranny in the latter days and cause world-wide terrorism and ruin.—l An extraordinary experiment was made at Bone recently, after the execution of a nativa who bad mordend his brother and the Utter'* wife and father in law. A. the bead fell from the gullotute a dootor took it up and spoke a few words. It u said that vwmu movemeate of the man's eyes and mouth seemed to show that the words bad been heard and under stood. 