j ySttorn to no Matter, of no Sect am I," Be just and fear not," i; jWWflW0tt . 8ATUBDAY, JANlJABY 21BT, 1888. 1788-1888 All other matters —even tbe shadow ? of the sword that now overhangs Europe —mast lose their interest for as till: tho Boleprin hours and dnjs that call up tho -events of tho past—the ghosts of the ; ) founders of tbe Australian nation— have gone by. Wo are under the spell, ,:;!? and to ns there is bnt one thing that i has command of onr attontion and im ' agination. From tho position that we ,'; : Have now a'tained, our eyes are irre '" eistibly drawn to the eventful arrival ?cf Xhe Sirius and her associate vessels r in Botany Bay justone hundred years ago, "" Noarly eighteen years had then elapsed ..since Cook, returning from Otaheite ?~ (Tahiti), had, in tbeautumn—the season of flowers—cruised along the east coast i"'of tho Groat Southern Continent; and ';,|,;.Bince, in noble curiosity and masterful ~. rjsolution, tbe ecientifio explorer bad v.brought his ship to anchor in a pro.-i ? ' raising inlet on which he bestowed ; ', the name of " Botany Bay." To the civilization of Christendom those ? :-years had been most eventful. The ? . vpry expedition that, in the Southern '' ' summer of 1787-8, slowly crept up v the coast of N. S. Wales in tho -I'ii.traok'Of the navigator who had, with fiuiabod acouraoy, oharted tho whole ' coast for 80 dogrees of latitude, was tho direct outcomo of tho political trouble : .that had arisen since- Cook's first voyago """"jtb. the Southern Sens. But the mys ' tefious wilderness to which, in virtue of Cook's report, the representative of tho British penal eystom directed bis way ? was unchanged. Cook had found the ';,;'.Southern land asleop, and be loft it !,..,,asleep. Ho was not tho ono destined j,!., to bring about tbe awakening. Tho ?-history of those eighteen years in so far <'; as Australia is coaccrnod is a blank. 1 ,'.. De?pite their convulsions, which in tbo ,',. civilized wurlJ, bad brought about tbo i.. closo of the long day of dpspotism "and nsherod in tho day of freedom; ~ those years had passod like a dream l.'.over tho shores of Botany Bay. The -ulatid was at rost—a land where it was in one sense ?' always afternoon," but in '?''' another senso early dawn. From the first, to Old World idoas Australia has — bq?in peculiarly tho land of paradox j and this characteristic had its first illustra tion in the fact that tho qniot awakening ~; of this continent was in the troublous .again which America tore herself froo '.'Of Britain, ond in which tho terrific explosion of the Fronch revolution ''??? shook Europo to its deopo?t founda tions. The beginning of the new settlement wont on from paradox to paradox. Tho much admired 'bay of tho moat trustworthy of navi gators was speedily oondomned by bia " Biccos?or, and within throo days it became most advisable to Book another '<loaatton. From tho masthead of the Endeavour, it would have boon oasy for " Cook and Banks to havo seen, within two or threo hours' journey, the finest -harbour of the world; and had they _ done so, many a day and many a week in all probability would (ho amazed , discoverers havo spent, slowly moving vthroughout tho hundrod coves and the half-dozen or moro arms of this first i of inlets. It is not too much, to say that this discovery would havo given ]'joB a' hi?tery of Cook's voyages radically . iiifterent from what we possess, and would no doubt have ante dated the settlement of tho colony—would possibly hare gono to r?oplo it from tho first ' nith tree settlers, and would thus have made a history of Australia having little in common with that chich we now havo. On so small a binge do the groat gates of tho world's life turn 1 it was orduinod that tbe keoa and olose observor should never took northward from Botany Bay, and cjtch a gliaipso of glinting waters 'mining iclonl for over twenty miles, cdornod with islands, girt iv by woodod shore: l , u?eqao!led for purposoo of com merce, and id boiuty coiiiplotely trau- Fccadiogtbo boy on whiob he in an hour of n-ientific euJ patriotic enthusiasm raised ib? Brninu standard. Ibe beats of PutLLir'n fleot 6looJ i>ufc to sea in ' q'lis' of ??dv. , nlnr , '8, n!!d,?lmoHtiinuiodi hi lj, tbe despised " bc.*.-iiarbour>' which Cook had dabbed Port Jackson burst upon tbe viow of the men who a weak before had been:content to un qnostionioglyl accept his dicta and Bhep? i?eir notions by his reports.- In the woird light of history, tho fleet of La Pkrouse passes liko a shadow in and ont of tho bay 88 tha British trans ports weigh anchor to abandon it, From the great jdeop of mystery to the grout doop of mystery tho great successor of Cook goes, nover more to bo heard _of by bis generation or by the men of bis century. A few hours after tho cur tain falls' for ever on' the' ill-fated La Peroube, Authur Phillip stands in V the day : ofdream"; on tho shore? of that harbour whiob, unexcelled as a haven for. shipping, had for thousands of yoara lain in tho one continent that knew, naught of shippiog. Then, in the dark daysof cpnvictism,ia born the freest nation of the world. Though at first the land, yet to be tho most bounteous and prolific, of all lands,'is all but abandoned through tbe semi-starvation of its settlors, the intropedity of their race leads tho new comers on, till the mountains are passed, the great plains of the interior aro dis covered, the rivers—with their:, strange courses froni - instead of to the known coast—are traced, and the whole land is before the people. The continent is rapidly wen from nature and the wonder ful progress of Australia astonishes the world. When the people of Ahstralio have talked of " annexing " tbe adjaoent islands, there have been wise ones who have pointed to tho intoiior of our con tinent and admonished ns to "annox that." Annex that 1 Our maps of Australia as regards the interior are autiqaated before they have time to take their placos on our walls—such is our progress I It ill becomes any representa tives of that 'f Old World" -whiob ha?. taken tbousanaVof years to ascertain tbe naturo of the interior of Africa, and is not, even now, quite' certain as to the geography and * topography of certain JJarts-. of central . Asia, r . to twit us with' failing to bring to the light of day and subdue to..man'su service any part of our heritage. Beside our progress in geographical research and the conquest of the wilderness, even that of Amerioo is slow?~ Our history from 1-788 1888-is ;one of the most wonderfnl advancement in many ways. We have yet much to do ; yet muoh to learn. We have indeed hardly started fin our careor. .But the very fact that ~we recognise-tnjs.is tbe best augury of a future bucoobb corresponding to the past. . Our patnral motto is well chosen.' Our fathers did muoh, to advan.ee Aus-; tralia. It is for us to' show ourselves worthy of the old stock—the old stock of Britain perhaps, but still more of the stock, of Australia, that in, one century baa turned n conviot' settlement on the Wild shores of an unknown continent into a congeries of free states of wbioh almost every corner is known to soience and trade; and where the latest civiliza tion goes along with the ever-rapid development of the country. 