I - 1*APER BOTTLES. i The people in' Chicago have for sonic time past agreeably varied their staple industry of killing pigs by linking paper bottles, and j/'eat siicqess has attended this novel- manufacture, inasmuch .that achievements by similar enter prise are gradually extending throughout the United S-'ates; and attempts are now being made to introd«?c the paper bottler into -Great Britain.' Foremost aa.j;:£st the advantages ac cruing from this new adaptation of paper is the fact that the bottles arc unbreakable ; whilst the cost at which they can be supplied is con siderably: jo wer -than that of articles of the same _size In glass, stoneware, or tin, A great great saving of weight is, moreover, effected ; ■ Arid iiVis is of no small moment when coat of carriage of large numbers has to be taken into account, Whilst the cost of packing is also re duced to a minimum. Breakage in transit, which is ill constant cause of loss with glass '.bottles, is also obviously impossible. Spe cial -/machinery is employed in the minufactiXfet of these bottles. A long :strip 'of; cardboard, of requisite thick ness, having been formed into a tube by bending round a circular "mandrel," is covered ex i tirnally with an outer glazed sheet, bearing any printed labels' to be e liployed. The tube 13 then cut futa short lengths to the end3 of which are added tops, bottoms and necks of the game material—or of wood, if special strength , is desired—and the insides nro then lined with a composition which on settling will effectually resist .the action of acids, spirits, inks, dyes, efco.-, etc, ■ -It was deteraiuifc'd at the meeting of the Corio : shire council cm Tuesday (says the Oeelontj Advtrtmr) to take special action in way of an attempt to abate the sparrow nuisance.' Attention was drawn to the fact that tbe thick hedges growing around the boundary lines of ratepayers properties afforded great cover for. the birds, and tended to .ictas breeding grounds for theni. The council resolved to send notices to persons interested in' the matter to at once destroy or. clip the hedges in such a mariner | that .the sparrows would not b6, able to obtain covert, and thus dislodgo the annoying birds from their farorite , places of resort. Many orchard owners about the. Aloorabool Valley W(iiild gladly welcorrfo airy, gun party desirous of a day's* sport ,,to visit fhcjr orchards and make a special effort to kill as many .of the birds as possible. ;'J'1 " ; ■ ; ''"Tkticu FArrit nr Western/ AfricaJ-^Mox Muller says:—" We may fancy ourselvesi secure' against the fetich worship of the poor negro, but there are few. if any among us who have , not their fetich or idol,-either in their,'church or their heart. The negro's religion is not belief in the power.ofthe fetich, but .belief in the power of the spirit through which the fetich is of effect." One' imDoVtant.ibought in particular is not pecu liar to fetich fiihll, but is mixed with the reli gions of moat people} but ths negro suffers1 jrnofe thai! 6£h'£r iffan frolri the fear of ghosts, "in thefoaming treter',- in the dazzling lightning in t!ie mni'hniring 'wffid, fee'sets the working of self- existing spiritual beiiig'A And why should we dej.r've an annous human Iic'ari of the com-, fortingfaith that a piece of hide or a dried snake head carefully wrapped up and worn about the body ,can protect him?' —H. Nipperdey, in ■Pfonuiar Science Mpnthly. TiiS. C/AseOf .Jin. M'Neill.—The journal des Ddbafe, Jn jmblishing the letter, addressed to -the Paris Press .by Sows English ' journalists, announcing that application bas been made to the French Government for permission to offer a reward of five thousand fames for tho detec tion of the murderer of Mr. M'Neill, makes the . following remarks on the subject—" It seems to us hardly possible that the authorisation solicited by: our London brethren can be granted fholri. We know that it is somewhat frequently, the ctiatfrri in England to offer public rewards for the discovery of crimes, but it is not custo mary with the French police. It has never teen dose, however great the crime or the mystery encircling it, and our London brethren will understand that it would scarcely be possible to inaugurate <1 system hitherto nn known in France for this Special case of the death of Mr. M'Neill. The Agents of the Prefecture of Police and the Detective Depart ment, charged to investigate the facts attending thd mysterious death of Mr. M'Neill, will, in any case, 6'xert all their faculties, in order to arrive at the discy?«ry of the truth, and the en ticement of a pecuniary reward could add noth ing to their zeal and goodwill. Besides, r this reward already exists, for the agents, according to their rank, receive official rewards in. pro portion ;to their services. As soon as the de tecMre fijrce had been apprised of the death of Mr; M' jieril the necessary orders were trans mitted in all du'eciions in order that researches might be made. Since then, at the instance of the British Ambassador, these orders have been . renewed, and if no result has been obtained, no one can be blamed for it." ; Imperial Federation.—London Truth, in 'its glorious omniscience, delivers itself thus on the subject of Imperial Federation :—Beyond the haziest of hazy notions that a closer union between Great Britain and her colonies is.desir able, its advocates have not the slightest practi cal idesa of how it it is to be effected. The Colonies arc not in the least likely to assent to bi taxed in order that we may spend the money irl meddling and fussing in European quarrels, with which we have nothing to do, and they, if possible, still less. Our connection with our colonies is, on their part, more of a sentimental thai, iv real one, flnd if we endeavor to make it closor, it 13 probable thst the-attempt will end in disintegration. In our colonies there are a vast number of Irishmen, and the disintegrators are those who insult the colonists by endeavour^ ing tq rule Ireland by bullets, bayonets, anrt bludgeous. Home Rule for Ireland means the maintenance of the tic between lis and, our colonies for many a year. A P/VritETio ArrEAL.—The following qnaint epistle from a Baboo employe to his masters will amuse sonic of oar readers. A " duftry is a- sort of office-porter, employed' fo copy letter^ menrf pens, ^fske charge of stationery, and so on [t-opy] " Messrs. 7-: Gentle men,—I have tlie Koiio'r to' beby special appoint ment your Official Ddftry" ftfld have held that e'ilri»d 'post,for the last six years, no doubt i to sour muttiSl Satisfaction: I now beg t« say that it'is Considered ilieb time by the gentle se* .in the.Mp.yluk that I should return, aud rejoice their sight by my long expected appearance, lit is howeyei; with iniich: gVief th^t .1 must add that of the pack of hungry relatives I left be hind me,'some are noiv dead and: others dying. 1 therefore humbly appeal to your manly bosom anit to' youf bowels of» compassion to pity the sorrows of a poor man and to grant me a month's feate with fill! pay as a balm to my dejected feeliilgs rtricl in order to enable me to marry aud,bring up for your special service a brood of little dnftries. —I have the honor to be gentlfe'irie'ri .y'otfr obedient servant, (Signet! iri Hindustani.) He Supf'orted I'liirtfiOM's.- A" barrister has just "been summoned befufd tho Benchers of his Inn charged with the serioits professional offe'tlce of accepting a fee of half a gained when Jiis_.briefltiarked, with., a guinea. The Offender was 'severely rcprirrtrfntisd, and in for ed that: he-had' deputed from "the beat traditionsof the Bar", He respectfully urged that he.had',imginod'that he was following l,tl'.e 'best traditions of the Bar," inasmuch as he 1 al tnkoi all he- coM (jit. So struck wore the l.BencKo£Sr'either-with tbe force of this observa tion, or "th&. forensic ability displayed by the; culprit in liis own defence, that they let hini ' off without further remark. 