NOTANDA. Fnoor Mlelbourn weo heaer of the beginning of the end of the mining boom. Brokers have mode defauolt already to tle tune of £30,000, which may bo regarded as a twginning ouly. The boom wans poecoliinrly a b;rol:ers' and jobbers' boom, for beyond two or three .uccssful indsta there was nothing to juetify it. Some promotcrc-" first robbera,"as they are called in Sydney-may lnave made lots of money; but at tlbe expense of others, for-with one or two exceptiono--there bare been no profits from the minoe, antd in tie cer.o of many thoro has been no attnempt to derelop them. Miting, properly so. called, is not only a legitimatenn but a most commend. able undcrtaling: rhare.jobbing cant only be classed with olther kinds of gambling. lorpecting thie cooseultr.tiou swoeps now in vegas; in New South Wales, notwLitetasdJing that they are illegal and are raid to have boeen suppressed in Victoria, tie MeIlbouroe Argos eays they "were coimparatively honest, for thie whole of theb money was returned to tile ubsbcriberu, lese ten per cent. deducted by the promoter." The Argus lhowever pro. cords to say :--"It is folly to pay too much for anything, and the purclhaer of a lottery-ticket always psay too nlmuch for his chance. Thre iS not, ioas Adanos mlii, a ms orain een ppoition t tolnheanise tlteu nho sl She more Siltsl yeo nleatPur0 upos the more lihely you se' to to a loser. Adventuro upon all tht ithceti Sn th, lottery rod you loin tier rerstln, aud the geeals lhb sintmher i yolur ilciets lba necrer you approach to thIs cerltainly. "So," continues tlie Argue, "it is sven with the totalicator, which ie the most popular form of lottery. Thle Ieeper diducts a percentage, say ton per coat. If two snu enter a racing paddock with £100 betweenoc tlhem and iuront in the totalisator, then at tihe end of the first race tihe men hare £90 heotwcoa them and tho totalieator poaoseaos £10. After thie secind eventt the sna have £81 and thb totalicator haws £10, and ro the wsagoring would procoed until the original position was roverseod, and ithe totalisator had the £100 and the men had notlhing." A funssy lthing in inagntlerinl decisions comes from Melbourtno. At tile city police court there a Mrs. IRappiport wan charged with lstenling a gold watch and cheini. According to hler own account they wori birought to lor by hler little neophew who "found " thesr hangieg ot a nail in the bathing rooms, anud though shle afterwards lhoardl tley were Mrsl,. Fraor's, yet so Mrs. F. was rich hlo "considered sto might no well keepl them." The defence set up waos that lslo wen not aoon whnor the theft was cottmitted, and medical witnonecs weore called to etrengthon that vios. T'iu waes evidently a question for a jury; but tbohe magistrateos decided it thomoolves. Thleir de. cision altogether is a gamn in its way. The polico magistrate said:-" It is almost tho gtonoral opinion of the boueh thalnt thie acosed is not responsible for hier nactions. Sian is thlreeoro diosharged." The word "'lmost" I bcloveo incans somnathiog liltko "not quite." If so it follorvas that lhe acenseod, esaoaped becauseoo " tSle general opinion of the beonoh" was "not quito" in hIer favour. [Wo hear that the authorities will commenuc a fresh proscoution.--En.] I don't wonder that fussia ehould sook to take advuantge of our present Ohinoso imbroglio by trying to sot Olhina against Eugland. Lot us hope selo will fail. Chlina needt fear nothing from England ; for thoughl, with tIle remembrance of the opiunn war, sito may not think no, Englaud is not likely unjustly to go to war again nor to seek to anner Chinese territory. Iussia bowever is ready to enoaroalch on the alightost pretext or on no pretext at all. I ewonder howr many times eo are to b3 told by nblo about Meoloeolool's fingor i Whou tho great Spofforth was its Englaud he alnso hod a bad flnger I Aud this coat the Sydney dailioes many pouuds for cablegrame. Mle Donnoll's is in a fair way of doing tihe sam. I supposo Tennysonu or Itnusekin might eaob have ten bad lingers and no many toes without the cable being troubled on their account. Deer lister Mo Ellhoun --I like yar atolndeo in parleymout btolter than the other members, they is co taim, and I opoeyou wont get earagged till I am old oueff to go intor thie ouooc to olp yor. Our man jim sanys it would lear bon only oroolty to ansnormals if youd a done for the nargent, but Father sany yor mite a boon hung. Father gatls ten bob a wook for writiu for the Notandor, and I picklt up tbo follerin off the flors last night whitohl will she ow you may opp off the oargasont without killing him: A balla ies iepioyos to etero a reinlt on a man of impotuoal charaler, lHe tinled ito do ea; anu ti tolloilng extrot infrom Isle endirit Moiesa hote nsed wiy :--" Ott lhS. deposlent rotitlne tio detenresdatnt otn deieonnlt nappereod at tlo door o5 tos tolesa litth, S b lllerbnl il lannde, ared seorn tea idoponoute did not Intaollly abe ilimeself on leo woult sold his sooul to ohell: and thil deponent eorlly huliroest Itle cnad hvco doulne o i delponent lasd nosl ltkest tilteimset ate oaodiulsey." - This cill give you a rinltil; you ans do it all, apilIhlly tile Naariss. I romanI, Yto froind and asldmirocr, Johnulty arter, tarelre yoro iold. I se thit tie minenst stoolck anutionoluers otf Sydney, letsrs. Pitt, o,, antd BRladgory, are forming their besinces into a limited ompanty. lThin snoes theo regular thing noe. Firest, a single individueal, thou a firm, tieon a limited eompany. There in much nonosveionc in thin way o canrrying on business. Sbome foreigners wo r in Goalbunarn Ito ostor day, mithl a comptny of threse largo performing bears. Tie auhinarls or plnoed for ls henight in thlo yard of su inn altors their lcosporo stopped; ted I hoar that a stroiagcr going intl tlie yard at night for somo purpone waso slddeony cosefronted by oues of tile bar ir ll at erect and deflout attitude, acenstuated by Itoidl'y orainoets greowls. Tite intruder bost a hasty retreat, crying out to the polios that a ghost wans after him. If he hiad mistakeu Brain for Iise Satanic majosty, it would have baon exocusablo but ollly a vivid imnnagination could traunsfeorm a boar, five foot eix inches or no in bheight and of most ponderous proportions, into a nshade rolu thle banks of Styz. Somo incovoelionco in freleintly caused to suitors by bailiffo of distuat coursi dotaisinig oummoneos longer than is nooasnary. It hao frequently hap peoned in thse small debts court that summonaseo sent to outside ditlriota aro not returned in time for the sittings. O course, if a nsmmaons is not sarved it is unuoeoesary for the plaintitff or witnesso?s to attend; but if the bniliff ondl no intination theb plaintiff nud his witanesses aore subjeot to the annoyanou, ex pense, and loss of timen in attondiog, and halo to go to the expense of other plainto as there is no provisioan to allow magintratis to contlnuo eanse. At tilhe nmall debts court on Tuesday a plaint • hich had to le sent to Sydney for servie was detained by the bailiff for thrso wookes, and was only retlrnsd to tihe olerk of potty nossioltn a day or so before the court ineorved. fMr. Howard, who ap. ponared for plaintiff, very piroporly commented on the hardohlip to hIis oliont, who mioreover by the bailiff'e rneglect hld boon prevented from makling furthor ooaroh for dofondant. The Polico Magistrato pro. minsed to bring the matter under the notien of the bencih of magistratel s to whorn tihe bailiff reforreod to ia thie oerant. I referencae to MIr, Mo Elltono's grand apology and the wordo hio teOd in nlabiinug it, I pointed out in last isnue a singular difUfereno of opinion betwoeon Mr. Toohey nnd the HIoanard reports on the one hand, and 8ir Heanry Parks, Mr. Inglin, ooveral' hion. mlnlbare, and the roportars of thu daily journahls on tile othller; andl I ventured to ask on0 or two poeltnlcut qoteeions as to the reliablility of the lusard statff, who msdn their report agrenwith Mr. 'l'oohey's vrerions. The qulestiotn a to lwho was right hna beeion solved by Mr. ilo Elhono oonfoosing that he did not use the words Mr. Toohoy and Hansard nasolrt, biut tlhat hbe did uno the throat of killing the norgonlcat-at.rms, no lleged on the other side. IIowvert, the questions I anked about tie HIanard staff remain tnnalswrecd, no I repent them. 1st. Aro we to snpposo thlat the IInntard reporters, if somtotimoea roler, are Ralso olnetlmou drunk le? nd. Aru we to supponoe that Mr. Toohloy correets their reports? Iwill add nsother :-Is it not shlow that tbo dally papeors report morn faithfulely than Han nerd ? A certliu oriioal irrouohman is oredited with :aying that Etglish is a Innguage in whialh the word " oploendlid" is made to do duty for all other odjootivoe; and the oxtent to mwhich some barren in tellooto overwork this unfortunato word almost justifies the hyperboleo. iBut other adjeoaties have nalso a right to comlallnt of ll tusoago, An onthusl. satio advocato of ddolsloination informed me the othlor day that a certain tubetanos which it is not I. necensanry to speaoify, after being truated with a patent proparaltion and covered up for a iow wooko, turned into a "lovely" moteld I In young lady lanug, this is " qtito too lovely for anything." .R[We ae JaDPPyrenJ t lr 1 tile solunaru Kgrhs p aa t by. ontrtbauora-ot oosreb lttbot toedlttrlat covlot , n? t b... 