TALES AND SKETCHES. THE LADJES' GALLERY. By JUSTIN M'CARTIIY, M.P. AND MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED. Altuous of "The Right Honorable." Chatter XII. It was the last evening. There had been a alight delay. As the day waned there -had crept tm tho Channel a grey thick fog, through which the et earner glided slowly, her fog horn giving forth at intervals discordant, ccrio shriek;. It reminded Berenice of the night when they had sat on deck, and Ransom hail told tho storv of Binbian Jo ; only that to-night tho mist was denser. Every now and then ft great signnl flambeau waved at the steamer's side, and shed its moments of red flame on tho sea, and of luminous smoke upon the deck aud tho groups scattered here and there upon it. Tho band was playing below. Scarcely any but the English bound passengers were above. It was expected that they would arrive at Southampton somewhere about midnight. Tony Strange was restlessly pacing the deck. Ho was excited at the thought of what was be- fore him. 14 If I had only Ransom's money!" he was thinking. If only I had disco vered the Great Binbian Mine ! I shouldn't feel any doubt about our welcome then," He said something of tho sort to Ransom, whose arm he had hooked within his. Tho two 7eIQSn vcry confidential terms by this time ; but Ransom had said nothing to Tony about his lovo for Bcrcnico aud his disappointed " kn'fc for my: self that I care," Tony went on. I m bound to como out pretty right in the long run; but it is for Berenice. I don't liko her being in the position of having to go begging tor food and shelter. I hate the idea ot tho Mage ; and then that's an uphill game. It'll be all it? course, if Sir Anthony ipakes mo an allowance, or put3 mo into som4 employment. ®ut suppose that lio doesn't liko uf. and cuts up rough about Berenice. I'd sacrtfico a good uncle 8 fikould bo independent of my >;"iLochero. Tony," began Ransom, impul- I t CAU easily if you will tako ?«l?wncsl. 1 ,ufc rom me» aud go in for a specula- oi?i yu cau turn over sovcral thou- S m a v»ry ®hort time, at absolutely no risk . K r?r .JWfUl.fcto <io you a good turn. I ote the idea of our aving been such pals ' 4«tigfu,t?SmeI,TaBB<mCUt3 W"h t'' this journey, ar.il rhea portray, I could put you in for a sike cf iutk- by just .pci cs my nioutk." Tony_ stopped ami gared at Ransom xrith wondering incredulity. "I den t think the slender balance of the Unknotche cheque sviil go far in the way of speculative inrestmcnt, old fellow. Bet what ia your tip r "This. OScouree' Binbian and I hold the cluet interest in the great Binbian mine, but I dare say yon know that there trere a few shares in _ the market which have been bought up and there by other fellows ?" "Yes," replied Tony ; "mil many a time I've wished that I was one ot those lucky beggars. I had the chance before I left, if only I'd had the money." " You have the chance again." Ransom drew young Strange aside to a comer of the deck wheie there was no one within hear ing. ' ' One of these fellows wants to sell out at once. He's in England — hard up. They've telegraphed, offering me his shares. I wired Irom New York that I'd buy at the price named. lVell, I want you to go halves with me in the investment It "s only a little one." "It's too big for ma," said Tony. "I don't see he added, puzzled. "I'll -explain. Some wellknown capitalists are going in for the mine. It's to be formed into a company — this is in confidence, under stand. The shares will rise enormously in value. Thai is a positive certainty. Anyhow, risk and responsibility are mine. " All you've got to do is to let me plank down the capital for you. You can pay me back." "I suppose you know," said Tony, slowly, " that you are proposing to make a magnificent present— in shott, that you are proposing to act the part of a Binbian Jo to Berenice and mc? "Well," said Ransom, quietly, "if Binbian Jo did it for me on a large scale, there's every reason why I should do it for you on a small scale. In fact, it is a sort of moral obligation. But though you put the thing in that way, as a matter of fact the cases are not the same iu any way." "The obligation would be exactly the same," said Tony. " Ob, thai is rot !" exclaimed Ransom, quickly; " and I did think, Tony, that between two Australians that notion needn't be started It's not as if I wes asking you to take a present, from me. I am just giving yon a tip that any stockbroker might give a friend." " Why don't you keep these shares for your self ?" asked Tony. "For the simple reason that we have got enough of money. I don't want any more, nor does Binbian Jo. I don't care for the specula tion. A few thousands extra are nothing to us. It seems a big way of talking, but the fact is that I can't believe in what I know I've got already. I'd rather yon got the benefit of a good thing that's going than some chap I don't know anything alrout. It's just a little slice of my luck, Tony. I wish you would take it — for yoiu: sister's sake." " I believe that it's only what I said about Rereniec has set you thinking of this," said Tony. "I have been thinking of it all along," answered Ransom, "and I meant to get you with me in somcihing when I had looked about me in England. But we may be drifting apart, and — and it might give you a freer hand, as far as your uncle is concerned, if we settle it be tween us now. But vou are right, Tony," he added, after a moment a pause, aud looking the young man straight in the face ; " it ia for your sisters cake. There's no need to make a mystery about it with you. I don't suppose she told you that I askod Iter to marry me, and that I didn't know, till last night, that she was alreadv— — " His speech came to a dead stand; he could not say the cruel word that had killed hia-hope. "I'd have given anything in the world for this not to novo happened," cried Tony, in genuine dismay. "No; Berenice hasn't told me. Sho knows very well what I should feel ahout it. Yfo spoke of the possibility at the beginning, and Bhe gave tnc to understand that she had warned you or this infernal thing. If it had been any other fellow, Ransom, I shouldn't have much minded ; but <jou / hook here ; if I had had the least idea it was going so far, I would have made things clear to you my self, whether Berenice liked it or not. You mustn't blame us too much. The truth is, her position is a horrible one. I suppose she didn't tell you anything much about it! "No," replied Ransom, "I asked no ques tions. She begged mo not. But you mustn't think that I blame you— orhcr. |I couldn't blame her. She was quite open and above board with me from the first. She put it as clearly as she could. How it was that I didn't sec the truth is beyond mo now. I was blind, and I loved Iter so that I wouldn't take her at her word. It's my fault ; it's I who was to blame, forcing her to say what was very painful to her. "Won't you make her understand that I feel this,Tony ? I couldn't tell her last night. It was nil such a shock. The truth had r.ever dawned upon my mind. I had such a firmly rooted idea that she was a widow. It came from something I over heard her say to you that timo at Niagara, when you knocked my hat oflP- do you remember t— before I had even seen either of you." Tony was much moved. "You arc a splendid fellow, Ransom ; you nro a generous fellow. Another man would have cut up rough. Rut here you are, taking tho blame on yourself and doing all you can to shower benefits upon us. But it's no use trying to tell you what I think about you." "You see," said Ransom, diffidently, "your sister mustn't know anything about this scheme of ours. Sho might fancy— it would hurt her, perhaps; and if she refused this little tiling that Kould be hard for mo to bear. I lovo her, Tony. I'd give every farthing I have to save her a day's pain. She doesn't caro for me— she has told mo so more than once— it was my own fault that I kept on worrying her. But I am not sorry. I would rather lovo her hopelessly than be loved by any other woman." "Oil, that's all nonsense," exclaimed Tony. Ho was almost angry with Berenice for not loving Ransom. "Other women would feel very differently. Berenice has had all that knocked out of her— and it's no wonder, poor girl 1 When you get to England, Ransom, you will see plenty of women who will appreciate you, and moke you sco plainly enough what n splendid fellow you arc. You will soon forget Berenice." ,, Ransom shook his head. "I could never lovo any woman as I lovo your sister, Tony, l'ho thought of marrying is over for mo — now, at any rate. I shall wait in tho hope that she may be free some day, aud I shall try again. I am very glad that she doesn't caro for inc. That would liavoraado things damnably hard. It is not surprising that sho docsnt, though I think I could have made her lovo me if I had had a Ion" enough olinnce. Sho is the sort of woman who would bo taken by an Englishman— a man who had been at college aud was in society, And alt that sor of thing. " I hope to God sho will ncvor linvo to pass through that kind of fire," said Tony, with solemnity. , . . . Ransom gavo a slight shudder, and ho bent forward and laid his hand heavily 011 young Strango'a arm. " Tonv," ho said earnestly, his voice deepening with tho feeling ho could not hold under, " that's what oho must bo saved from. We must save her from it— you and I. You must ktep her from "c-eirg a singer. If Pit Anthony should shew her that she is cot welcome, at ail co-s;s sho- must be kopr from that. Dcn't you see ""hat her position exposes her to 1 And before she knew, she might be drawn in. She might get to care for some fellow, and think of what 1; would be for her. Ail this might happen ' over again, only with that difference — she might lie in love wash the other fellow, damn him ! It isn't fair other. Don't let her go on hiding the fact that her husband is living. Let it be understood op- enlv that she is net a widow. I suppose there are" reasons," he went on impetuously. " I suppose he was a bad lor. I don't want to know anything about him. She didn't wish it. But all that ought not to count." The two men stool for a minute or more gat ing silently oat into the fog. It seemed to have grown greyer and thicker, and the fog-horn scarcely stopped its stilled shriek. Suddeulv Tony flung up his hand and brought his open pahn down heavily npon the bulwarks. " The law is a cursed cruel thiug," he cries!. It is monstrous that a woinaa should have to go on being tied to a husband who is no more of a hus band than— that /'and he tossed awnvthe cigar lie had been smoking— "a husband who is— sTfelon serving hjs term in prison." " In prison!" Ransom repeated faintlv. He could say no more. There was soiuerhing horrible in the thought. Berenice's husband in prison ! "Yes," Tony answered, with withering emphasis ; " he is in prison. I suppose vou wouldn't advise us to make that fact public V' "What — why 1" Ransom stammered, and added- hastily, " Ob, I beg your pardon. She would rather I did not know.'1 " I think you ought to know," answered Tonv. " Anyhow, you've trusted me, and I will trust you with a sight of our family skeleton. I: was a case of embezzling Government monev— not such an uncommon case out with us, as you may have observed. It's a fact Ransom, that drink is the devil's own curse in these out-of-the-way town ships. He was a police magistrate. It seemed a good match for Berenice when she took him. He was doing the swell on leaving Sydney. Afterwards he ran amuck, gambling, drinking and toeing. His books were overhauled. lie was found out, of course : and there was an end of it Berenice ! Girl! Yes, I tr/ff have hint know !" Tony had started violently at the touch of a cold hand upon his wrist, and turned speaking in firm resentful accents. Shrouded by the fog. Berenice had approached almost noiselessly, and had stood close to the two men for several seconds. She had overheard her brother's last words. Though her face could be only dimly seen in the mist, Ransom knew by her flashing eyes, by the trembling of her form" that she was stirred to intense anger. The passion with which her voice vibrated gave him a shock of alarm aud bewilderment. He knew that she was cap- able of strong emotion; he was not prepared for this concentrated rage. But it did no: repel him ; in a strange way it touched him, as one is touched by the tempestuous frnv of a child. "How dare you 5"' she said. Her voice was very low, but it seemed to sear like iron at white heat. "How dare you tell him the secrets of my unhappy life, without my knowledge or my consent? How dare you— you, my brother !— shame me like this 5" " Gome, Berenice," said Tony, more gently. " You are hi one of your furies, and there's iio sense in that." " No sense in being angry because I am defied and degraded, and my wishes outraged she went on, with the same low-breathed passion. "Oh, how dare you! Howdareyou! Ib there no one I can trust? AYhat right had you to pry and ask questions ? AVas it not for you to respect me?" Her voice broke as, with a gesture of fierce' reproach; sho turned her excited gaze on Ransom, who never answered her a word. "Oh, this is too much !" cried Tony, flaming out in defence of his friend. "He ia the best old fellow that over lived. Ho . hasn't a word of blame for you, who deserve it. He asked me nothing. He didn't want to hear. That's right. Turn him against you— as you've turned others by your temper— and lose the best and truest friend you ever had." "Sirs. Florence knows well," Ranson put in hastily, "that no angry word she could ever say to me would make mo less her friend." Berenice clasped her hands tightly before her, and drew herself up with a long deep breath— a sort of convulsive sob, as if she were struggling against the spirit within her. Suddenly her passion seemed to go out of her. A look of dcauncss came over her face. In the dimness' it seemed no longer alive; but her frame wns-still quivering. Tony noticed the change in her. " You had better come away with me," he said. "'I'm going down below to sec that our things arc all right." "No," alio answered in a subdued, way. "I am going tostay hero. I want to speak to Mr. Ransom." " Well, fight it out — only miiuT what I say. He never asked me a word. He is too good for you. If you had been straightforward and honorable liko him, you'd havo taken my advice ami told him the truth at first." Tony moved away. Berenice waited somo time quite silent, and Richard waited too. They were quite alone. Tho soft whiteness seemed to wrap them round and isolate them from tho rest of tho world. Sho was looking away out into the night, which was so grey and ghostlike and strange. It came upon him with a sharp stab of pain, that this was tho Inst time thoy might be alone to gether. That outburst of passion in her seemed to havo altered tiieir position towards each other — to havo broken down barriers. His heart was full of pity for her. He had a longing to go up olose to hor, to gather her to his arms aud try to comfort her. He could not bear to see hor so suddenly meek. He could not bear that sho should tremble so. Ho did put out his hand aud put it very gently upon hers, which lay upon tho bulwarks. There was some thing infinitely tender in the touch. _ Her fingers closed round Ilia for an instant with a little agitated grip, and then were hastily withdrawn. "Don't," she said, in a choked voice. "I can't bear it." Ho leaned towards her. "TYliy should you mind so much my knowing your sorrow ?" ho asked, his tone melting into pathos. " "Wouldn't it be somo comfort to know that one who loved vou bettor than himself felt all your pain ? My friend — I may call you my friend, since I may never call you 'my lovo'?"— and there cnino that wonderful tenderness into his voice— " don't you know that you are sacred to me, and that all which has to do with you is sacred 5" "Don't," sho said again, with a sob that cleared as sho went on. "I don't want you to pity me. I don't deservo it. Hasn't to-night made you see how hateful I can bo sometimes ? Tony said what ia true. I havo turned people against mo always. I shall turn you against me. " That you never can !" ho exclaimed warmly — " not if you were— what you can't be. As for to-night— it was quite right that you should bs angry ; yon couldn't help it." " You don't know," she said hesitatingly. " I wont to show myself to you as I tun. 11 it males you Ci.hik worse cf me, care las for me — well so much the better." " Tell a:e what you mean," he said. " But I warn yoa that- netting you can say will shake my _ belief ia you. You must always be my ideal woman. An ideal can neverchange." " Ah. ran it not? she said drearily. "But one may fancy it is f ottad and . be. mistaken all the time. j. con the barennesa cf life if one has clung to it closely ! That's what you should he spared. I should like to save you from disap pointment, even if it hurt me. "You are so full 0\. hope and vigor and generous belief. Yon ought to make a good thing out of life." " I mean to makea good thing out of life," he answered. She waited again for a moment or two. " I am going to teayon wcv I wanted to keep the truth about my marriage from vou. It was not j altogether because cf the disgrace. It was enieffy because I couldn't lei you think I was quite blameless. I have always been very bad- tempered. That's my trouble. It is onlv of late wears that I have really tried to control myself, aud you see how successfully 1 I am horrible to live with. I have never "liked the people I had to live with, except Tonv, and peihaps I got on with him because he was not much at home. There are seme people whose fate it seems to be in revolt against those to whom they are bound." "I know,"' said Ransom. "I have felt that." " You ! Yes — out a man is different. He ean carve his own path— as yott have done. He doesn't have that awful slave-like sense of revolt. There's some excuse for hating my stepmother; but there's none for hating the children. Poor things! they must have felt like singing a psalm ot thau&giving; when sister Berenice went away." Sihe gave a bitter little laugh! IVhy did you marry!" Ransom asked abruptly, "I did it _ out of temper— as I did most t.ungs. I will tell you. "We were living in Sydney then. We were dreadfully-poor. How ashamed I was of our way of living! People didn't take any notice of my stepmother — she had been the daughter of a publican — but I was asked out in a kind of way. It was because of my singing. I used to be furious with mv step mother for forcing lire to mind the children and setv for them. I wanted to spend all my time in practising and making up finerv for liivself. so that men might pay me attention. Oh, I wasn't a nice girl, Mr. Ransom, I was detestably vain aud selfish." "Go oil," he said. "I know that you are trying to make the worst of yourself." "One day, there was a great storm in the household. I had got exasperated, and — what will yon think of mo?— I struck ono of the children. And then there was a scene — you can imagine. Not one — not even Tony— had a good word for me. I went off to party, defying them. That very night this man— my husfiatul — nskctl me to many him. I had flirted with him. He was not a gentleman ; but he was handsome in a rough way, and he could make him self agreeable anilseemed rich. He wns what they call out there 'flash.' I didn't know anything about him. I didn't love him ; but I said yes." " Ah !" Ransom's ejaculation was a groan. She went on. beginning in tho same hurried way — "Well almost immediately — I married " him " Then she stoppeil suddenly. She was leaning over the bul warks, and her eyes pierced the veil-like mist as if she were looking away into her past. How blind I was !" she said. " How ignorant ! Ho\v like a passionate child in my folly! All my life, my one idea of being happy was to get away— away from people and things that I hated. I did not see that instead of getting away I was shutting myself up in a prison, with something far more hateful than auything which I had known before — the door locked, anil no hope of escape. "When I found out what I had done — " "Sho stopped again. A shudder went all through her. Ho was going to speak the com passion which thrilled him ; but sho prevented him with a gesture. "No; let nic tell it all. Ho was rough and coarse. I disliked everything about him. I couldn't help showing my dislike. His habits and his ways of thinking were uiiliko mine. And then he drank — not so much at first ; but he got worse. And then his friends— they wore horrible !" She shuddered again. " I mustn't be unjust to him. He had a rude sort of good nature. I think if I hud been different he might have been different. It was I who mad dened him. He wasn't naturally brutal. I didn't try to hide my contempt and repulsion. I said things which make me hot anil ashamed to think of now. I didn't care what he felt or what happened, so long as I vented my anger and misery somehow. Then ho wasn't really rich. I reproached him with having deceived mo, and with having brought mo to worse poverty than what lie had taken me from. . . . . Oh, I can't bear to think of that ! It haunts me — those words of mine. If I hadn't said them perhaps he mightn't have Perhaps it was I who drove him to gambling, and made him take that money ' He touched her hand. He could feci how cold it was, and the quiver that went through her. Ho held tho hand in hie. But ho said nothing. AYhat could he say, though his own heart was bleeding? Sho wont on brokenly, catching up licr memories in fragments — "There's ouo thing I often tlunk of. It was tho Inst timo wo ever saw each other — tho last timo I heard him speak. I havo dreamed it over anil over, and wakened up with terror that ho might como back — the feeling I had at tho time. And then the remorse of now ! Oh, you can't understand ! Ho was ordered suddenly off to inspect a pearl fishery on tho northern coast. It turned out that the Minister suspected something, anil wanted to got him away anil tako him oy surprise. Ho camo to tell me, and to say good-bye. He was excited. I thought ho linil oeeu drinking. I don't think now ho had— just then. Ho told mo that he had got somo secret information about tho pearl fishery, and that ho was going to make his fortune and to set everything straight. I remember he Baiil that two or three times. He was going to put everything straight. Ho showed mo a great pearl, and said it was for mc, and lie meant to send it at onco to Sydney aud have it set in a ring. I hated liim so, I couldn't licar to take a present from him. I told liim ho had better sell it and pay his debts. I said bitter things- things that are always coming back to nic. Ho loft mo with a curse. Sometimes I wonder whether that curse is going to follow mo all my life. Tony told you what happened. He was arrested. "I never saw him again. I went back at once to my father. Long afterwards the f earl was sent to mo by a jeweller in Sydney, t was set in a ring. Ho — my husband— had given it to some one to tako down — some one on boanl tho steamer that was taking him north ; it must havo been just after he left mc. That friend of iiis had found ma out, thougli my father got moved from Sydney to an out-of-the- way place, so that I might bo cut off from tho associations. Getting that pearl hurt mo— more than anything. It made me sorry." Ransom glanced instinctively at her hands, one of them in his own, and tho other resting on tho rail. Ho had often noticed them, and that they were bare of ornament save for the vrodiling-ring. "I havo never worn it," the said simply. "I r.ept because — sho seemed re speak- with cif- y "I thought that 'perhaps — when i:c ce-mes oat he will have no nioccv. lie has rerve a long term. It will bo a "long time yet. Bsa whca ho is free — I cannot see his face again. Nothing — nooue — shall force me buck to him. But tho pearl belongs to him. 1: miuht save hiin from want.' " There was a long pause. Ransom -till held her hand. IIU touch was more eloquent than any words. By-aial-bye ho said abmntly — " You havo heard nothing of him?"f '"N'o. He is in a different colony, yea know, and we were moved. I didn't want to give any clue. I have had a tenor always— though 1 hardly know- of what. Not that he wouldlook for me. I had one letter from kin:— since. It was after his trial and sentence. He said that Ire didn't mean to trouble me in ail his life again — if ho ever got out." There w-as another long silence. She took her hand away ; aud it seemed to bini as though his wore desolate again, anil all the barriers raised once more which kept them asunder. Ho remembered with an oppressive, overwhelming consciousness that she did not love hita; th3S his passion of pity and tenderness was no more to her than the sympathy of a friend who hail placed her by his persistence under a sort of moral obligation that was painful to her. Aud now she had told her story— had shewn herself in, sho fancied, she most unwelcome lilit ; and her duty was discharged, ami he might so. There was keenest agony ia the glancing thought of how it would have been if she had loved him : it ihey had been heart to henrt, soul to soul looking together at the fate that divided theai, and considering together how they might best submit to it, if — oh, delirious suggestion not even to be named !— to be flung off" like somo darting reptile. The great steamer glided on, scarcely throb bing beneath them. There was a faint hftir.g and lightening of the fog. They could hear tilt hoarse- voices of the captain and the firsi officer, as commands and answers were shouted hi German. It seemed clearer where they stood, though they could not see beyond the "nearest mast, the rigging of which melted indistinguish able into the grevness. The luuffieii figures on the deck looked like dim uushapca ghosts ; and flickering lights flashed dully hero and there fot an instant, and disappeared again. "Oh, Mrs. Florence, is that you!" some one said, passing. It was the dark American girl, with her arm ill that of the painter, feeling her way cautiously. "The deck is so slippieiy. Don't you feel skecred? And what has made them stop off the fog honi? I declare I don't think iris safe, here in the channel, to give ovct for a minute. One reads such horrible things about collisions, anil I don't liko these German boats. Somehow I always feel safer in a Cun- aider." " Oh, they are excellent seamen, the men on thij line," said the painter. "The captain is giving orders. It's something about the pilot. A\"o shall have the foghorn screeching again ill a minute or so." The two pressed on, and 'pre sently vanished ;aml Ransom aud Berenice were alone again— alone again with the moony mist wrappiing them close ; alono again in this dream world, filled with phan toms of the "might havo been." In their mood of strained expectancy, nothing that could have hapipoued would have seemed strange to either. If the sea had risen to swallow them upi, they would have waited for it to do its work, scarcely wondering. They did not wonder now, when the foghorn gave out a prolonged shrill shriek, above which rose tho ooufused sound of voices exclaiming iu German and English, and the noise of, hurrying feet as people rushed to the other side of the vessel. It was only prart of the dream to sco a great black mass looming athwart the bows ami a line of spectral lights. ' Suddenly the steamer gavo a tremendous lurch anil swing" round, which niadetliein clasp each other, and which hurled tlicm across against the deck house. Then there was a mighty' tremor, a giant quiver that ran through- every beam ami bolt. His arms were close round her. Ho held her to his breast. Their hearts beat each to each.' Tho great tremor grew fainter and ceased. The big black mass glided oil. The piale lights died, and the grey peril droppied onco' more. But they two could never bo tlio same again. AVhile he still held her she' bent back her head anil turned her fnco up to hik— her faoe new-born of pwssian, every curve and feature melting with womanly tenderness, lipis that: were sweet as roses, and eyes that shone like stars. "I love you !" slio said. " Oh, do help me J God help us both ! I love you! 1 love you' I I love you !" . Esd op A'ot.. I. 