TALE. By Lady Primrose. There was a sound of elistant bugling; in the nir—a melancholy, discordant land of bugling. Now and then the soil seemed to quako beneath tho tread of. some military detachment marching along with jnonsured (ramp, fhc vo;co tif tho Drill Sergeant could bo hoard in tiio land, together with tho lattlo of arms from soim regiment on parade, and now und then a burst of military music'• whilo penetrating tbeso mingled sounds might bo board tho trorbliug of nl.-ylnrlcs from on high, or tho thrilling note of a ouckoo in soroo for- dittant plantation. All these sounds heard Sophio Gerard as a ho oponed tho window to lot in tho crisp mornmg nir and tho cheerful voice of spring. Breakfast was all ready, and Sophie was waiting with the eager appetite of youth, for her father, Colonel Gerard, has not yet oomo homo from his morning ride. In a genoral way the Colonel was a model of military punctuality, and Sophie, gotting impatient", went out into tho porch to see if ho were coming. Tho hut to whioh tho porch bolonged was ono of tho most elaborate in tho camp; a suooession of tenants hud added to it here and there, till it formed quito an oneampinenc lu itself; and with creepers growing about it, and a quite rospectablo lawn and garden in front, tho place bad really a oozy, cheerful appearance. As Sophio scimr.od tho long lino of white road, bordored by copies of birch whioh were now m their freshest green, without i-eeing uny figure that sho could recognize as hor father's, tho garden gate opened, and a young soldier entered, a Sergeant by his stripes, and, with a formal salute, passed on toward tho Colonel's office, which was on tho further side of tho hut. Soigeant Arthur." said tho girl in a hesitating voice. , Tho young man stopped with a pleasant smile, again raising his hand to the salute, and awaited tho young bidy'a commands. ' My father has not returned yot—I feel quite uneasy.' Is Maleo with tho Colonol ?' askod the Sergeant, quickly. 'Mitleo lioro,' said the individual in question, putting out his brown faoo at the door of u, -woodou outbuilding which represented the butler's pantry. ' Maleo here,' he repeated, coming forth bodily as if with sinister designs upon the Sorgeant. Then, seeing for tho first timo his young mistress at tho door, ho made " profound obeisance, so that ho almost touched tho ground with his snowy turban. Just then the Colonel arrivad at the door; he bad galloped across tho linos in a different direction from that expected. Tho soldiergroom came forward, to receive the horse; Maleo held his master's stirrup in an attitude of proud humility; the Sergeant saluted once more, and Sophio ran forward to tako from her father's hand a basket covered with green vino- loaves, which ho holdout to hor. 'I'm awfully sorry to havo kept you waiting,' said tho Colonel to his daughter, as they sat down to breakfast, with Malec waiting behind his master's chair, ' but those grapes must bo my excuse. The fact is I met Crump as I was cantering along, and ho insisted on my going to see his vineries. He's an curly bird liko myself. Oh! and Mrs. Crump is coming over to call on you this very day.' 'What! Lady Primrose?' said Sophie, with a shrug of tho shoulders, and looking rather dissatisfied. ' Yes, Lady Primrose, as tho peoplo call hor, rejoined the Colonel, 'and if vou can make a friend of her, Sophio, I shall be very glad. Her father was a very dear old friend of mine, and poor Guy—well, ho was very fond of her,'poor boy.' Here the Colonel's voice beeamo husky and broken. Threo years had elapsed sinco the death of his son Guy, a promising and en' thusiastic young officer of Engineers, who, having^ undertaken a dangerous surveying expedition among tho higher passes oi Afghanistan, had been cut off by a native tribe and destroyed with all his party—all except ono man. Colonel Gerard adopted this faithful Pathan, whose naino had been shortened tc Malec, as his own personal attendant, and brought him home with him when the Colonel returned from India to take up a stafl appointment iu Eog*land. The Colonel had another retainer, whose services were to ba measured rather in. the scale of good-will than in any more rigid fashion. This was Mrs. Bridget, or Aunt Biddie—as sho wa3 generally known in camp or cantonment—the widow of a Sergeant in the corps, who had acted as nurse to little Master Guy and Miss Sophio, and -who, since tho death of tho Colonel's wife, exercieod a mild control ovor hor master's simple household. As for Songoant John Arthur, ■who was tho Colonel's principal assistant in his office work, ho was a now acquaintance, altogether and did not belong to tho corps— tho Engineering Corps, that is—hut had been tal;on up on an emergency from somo lino regiment anil bad proved so desirablo in every way tint tho Colonel insisted on he ping liim. Tho young man was accomplished as a draughtsman, as a linguist; in fact was thoroughly well educated, and off d , had the man rs and bearing of a gentleman. Sophi u mired hiui immensely all .J.10 more from tho spice of mystery there was about bim. Tho Colonel had a real affection for tho Sergeant, who reminded him in somo respects of his non Guy. Often ho had tried to draw him out on tho cubjeet of his past history, but 011 this point tho Sergeant was impenetrable. Soon after lunohoon on tho day when this narrative begins, Mrs. Crump's oarriago drew up by tho porch of tho Colanel'ft hut, and Mrs. Crump herself was introduced by Maleo into Sophie's presence. Sophio was naturally nervous, for she had only been for a few weeks at tho huudof her fathor's houso, and this was the first visitor sho lmd received from tho outaido world. Of courso sho had formed tho acquaintance of tho wives and daughters of tho oamp; but thoso bolongod, as it were, to tho family, and had nover seemed formidable. But noither was Mrs. Crump at all formidable. Thoso who had oalled her Lady Primrose had somehow hit oil' an appropriate soubriquet. Sho was fair, rather pale, with beautiful golden hair, and had a soraowhat pensivo expression iu general, relived at timos by a j frank aud fascinating smilo Lady Priiuroso mot Sopbio's embarrassed greeting by a hearty ombrnco. ' So you aro Guy's sister!' sho said, holding tho girl at arm's length. ' You aro ton thousand times bettor looking than over Guy was; but you havo his smilo, my door, that heart-breaking smile, aud his beautiful oyos.' ' Then you were fond of Guy ?' said Sophio tremulously. ' Pond isn't tho word, child,' replied Lady Primrose. ' I loved him and yet I sent him away to his death.' ' I beg your pardon, ladies,,' said a voice at this moment. ' I aid not know any ono was ! horo. Tho Colonel wanted a book !' Here Lady Primroso turned upon tho intruder, who fled precipitately without wait- i for tho required volume. • Who is that f' asked Lady Primrose, who had caught a glanuo of the retreating fiiruro, : and who looked rathor scared. ' Oh, that is ono of my fathor's assistants,' said Sophie. ' Ho is not particularly shy, hut you ficem to havo frightoned him.' ' My dear, ho frightonod mo, just tho turn of his figure rominded me so strongly ' 'Not of Guy?' askod Sophie, wonderingly. 'Not of him—of another.' But tho interruption had checked tho flow of Lady Primrose's confidence, and now hor talk flowed on in moro conventional channels. And Sophio must oomo and stay at Crumpotts; that was imperative, if her father consented. Tho only question was, how soon could sho bo roady —in two hours ? ' No, not possibly iu two hours,' Sophio protested. But horo tho Colonol oamo iu and out short hot objections. A soldier's daughter should be ready to march anywhere at any hour's notice. So tho Colonol called Mrs. Bridget, and bado her pack his daughter's trunks, and got everything ready for her departure. Lady Priiuroso drove away, having other calls to mako, promising to return and carry ufi Sophio at tho appointed time. 'Butyou will bo so lonely, papa,' said Soi>hio, feeling that sho too would bo lonely iu 11 big houeo whore all wero strangers to hor. 'My dear,Iain usad to beinglonoly,' said the Colonol with a sigh;' that is, if I cau bo considered lonely with Bridget to look after mo, and all tho kind friends X havo about mo.' "When Sophio was all roady and only waiting for Lady Primroso's carriage, sho wont into the Engineer's oilico [to bid hor father a final good-by. Hor fathor's place was vacant; but at a sido table sat Sorgeant Arthur. Ho had a sketching block before him and was rapidly tinting iu a water-color skotch—nothing in tho way of ravelins, oountersoraps or othor professional subjects, but only two charming fomalo heads. Tho young man was so intent upon his work that ho did not hear tho slight noiso Sophio mado iu coming in. Ono of tho heads was decidedly Lady Primroso's, and a bunch of primroses at the throat was her appropriate badge. Tho other head, Sophio was inclined to think, was her own; aud sho felt a certain satisfaction iu rooognising that tho artist had expended far more loving pains over this last, which ho had adorned with a bunch of violets. The Sergeant placed his sketch hastily in a drawer and sprang to his feet as he recognized Sophie's presence. ' Your father is out, Miss Gerard; ho has gone to headquarters.' Sophie felt a slight embarrassment under the young man's ardent but respectful scrutiny. ' I am going away,' she faltered, ' and I will say good-by now. You will take care of papa.' The last request sprang unpremeditated from her lips. Surely it was rather an absurd one. ' I will look after the Colonel,' said the ' Sergoant gravely, 'as long as I am here. ' But before you return I shall probably have rejoined my regiment.' 1 ' Oh, I hope not,' said Sophie in dismay. ' I don't know what my father would do without you.' ' ' I shall he very sorry to leave the Colonel,' 1 said the Sergeant, still gravely 'but in the ' way.of duty, Miss Gerard, things often come 1 uncommonly hard.' i Sophie sighed involuntarily, and said that 'no doubt they did some times'; and then 1 she shook hands with the young man and departed. ! The life atCrumpells, Sophie found pleasant enough. The house was rambling, old| fashioned and handsome. The hot-houses and conservatories where show places for the ! country-side, and the gardens were already gay with the flowers of every possible kind , of bud. Mr. Crump was exceedingly kind, , if somewhat solemn and elderly in manner, and his wife was all kindness and sweetness. Not very much was seen of Mr. Crump, lor , his parliamentary duties kept him in townl all the week; but he always came home for , Saturday and Sunday. At fifty years of age Mr. Crump had all the reputation of a misogynist. He was not 1 really such, but only extremely shy and sensive; still he would probably have gon down to his grave with that reputation but for an occurrence which brought him perforce 11 to contact with feminine ;$ influence. Mr. Crump's nephew and heir prcsumplivc, Arthur Crump, had been brought up in the expectation of succeeding to the family estates. Al ter his unclc, indeed, he was the only representative of that family—the most ancient in the country. Arthur had been educated at "Winchester and Oxford at his unclc's charges, who provided him with a liberal allowance. The young man had an ardent desire to enter the army, and to this, also, liis uncle consented, and Arthur had begun to ' cram' for the examination with a Colonel Hughes, who had a reputation in that line, when he fell helplessly in love with the Colonel's lovely daughter, Lettice. Now this was more than Mr. Crump liad bargained for, and on his part the Colonel was equally unsympathetic. After all, the young man had nothing in the world but what he had from bis uncle, and it was the height of folly for Lettice to encourage him. Lettice, indeed, protested that she never did encourage him ; that she liked his friend and Sophie's brother, Guy, a great deal better; but that she was carried away by the young man's ardour and perseverance, and plighted her troth to liim just for the sake of peace and quietness. When Mr. Crump came up to town to discuss his nephew's entanglement with Colonel Hughes, nothing could have been prottier or more dutiful than her behaviour. Kather than incur her father's displeasure and ruin the prospects of her dear Arthur, she would release her lover and cancel their engagement with a general exchange of letters and tokens. Mr. Crump was delighted with the young lady's behavior; he was fascinatcd -with her sweet face and charming manner. 'And when I found that he wanted me for himself,' asked Lady Primrose, pitcously, ' what was I to do ?' Unhappily for himself, young Arthur did not take the same common-sense view of things. His uncle had every intention of dealing liberally with him; but his own violent conduct, and especially the repronches he showered upon his uncle's intended bride, put an end to any kind of arrangement. His undo cast him off completely, and forbids his name to be mentioned. The young man had his pride and his anger to begin the world upon, with a few debts, perhaps, and not a penny more from his uncle. And so he had departed into outer darkness. No one knew what had becomc of him, but Mmo. Lettice was still n little afraid of him. The fate of Arthur Crump, however, would have been of small importance had Lady Primrose boon blessed with children. But she had been married now five years, and thorc were no children. And Mr. Crump was terribly puzzled as to how to dispose of the ancestral estate. A handsome portion, in lands and money, had been settled on Lady Primrose absolutely. But the main part of the estate, which was free from entail or settlement—that estate of Crumpctts of which it should be noted that the local and correct pronunciation is Cranshcts—had been held by a Crump since the days of the Heptarchy. Could a Crump be disinherited; and his fields, could tliey be held by a stranger ? This was the burning question at Crumpetts just then, but it did not appear on the surface. Outwardly, Lady Primrose was engrossed in politics; she was at the head of the Primrose League in her district, and she was doing her best to make her husband's return a certainty at the next contest. At the Inst election his majority had been a narrow one, and lioncc, when Mr. Crump had been offered a minor but dignified office in the Administration, he had been advised not to risk an election, and the possible loss of a seat. This was a great disappointment for Lady Primrose, who was nothing if not ambitious. But if she should make the seat secure, perhaps they, the official people, would make her husband a Peer—lie would not accept a baronetcy—and then she would be Lady Primrose in good faith. Yet, with all these scliemes working in her head, Lady Primrose had such an elasticity of temperament thai she made a very agreeable hostess. She gathered about her all the young men of the neighborhood; there were dances, dinner parties, with occasional flying | visits to London with evenings at the theatre, and, on the memorable occasion when Mr. Crump was expected to address the House, a visit to tho ladies' gallery of the House of Commons. And the country drives were also delightful —among the heaths and commons, and through the quaint old country villages, and by-woods, and copses, and sunken lanes overarched with trees. One little glen had been cleared entirely of its underwood during the preceding autumn, and thus, on both sides, it was now o glowing mass of primroses picked out with knots of blue hyacinths and graceful wild-flowers. And her ladyship had begged a holiday for the girls at the village school, and had turned them all into the glen to gather primroses with which to decorate her rooms for a grand ball, which she was giving to all the neighborhood. A cart-load of buns and great cans of milk were brought there for the children, and great was the enjoyment of all concerned. Colonel Gerard had ridden over from the camp and joined the party in the glen. He delighted in children, and soon made friends amoiii* the pretty, blue-eyed country lasses. But when they all returned to the house for luncheon, the Colonel proved to be dull and out of spirits. This was the anniversary of his son's death, tand though he made no allusion to the circumstance, Sophie remembered it, and divined the cause of her father's melancholy. Lady Primrose was quite distressed when Sophie confided the matter to her. < And I have chosen this day, above all others, ,ov my ball; how heartless I must seem ?' Sophie thought that, on the contrary, dear Lady Primrose had too much heart. There was poor Guy, whom she had loved, although she had rejected him; and there was young Crump for whom she really must have cared at one time; aud then she must certainly have some affeotion for the husband, who was so devoted to her. For the poor youth who had lost love and everything else that makes life desirable at one fell stroke, Sophie felt a wonderful compassion and tenderness. The Colonel woitld not stay for the primrose ball; but he was coming next day to carry his daughter off. Not back to the camp j he I had done with that altogether after to-morrow. His term of service on the staff would soon expire, and he had obtained leave to the end of his term. Ha was about to lose his righthand man, Sergeant Arthur, and that was the lost straw, and now he would retire. He had indeeed, taken a little place eight or ten miles beyond Crumpctts, and, if Sophie thought it would do, lie would buy it and hope to end his days there. Some disappointment was visible in Sophie's face as she heard this news. The lifo in camp had been a novelty, and lind pleased her; and why should her father place himself upon the shelf when he might easily obtain a renewal of his appointment ? And surely Sergeant Arthur's services might be retained by using a little influence in the right quarter. But here was the strangest part of the a flair. The Colonel had ascertained that Arthur had been recalled to his regiment at his own request, sacrificing extra pay and other advantages. ' We got on so well together, too,' said the Colonel. 'Can you possibly, Sophie, have offended him by any of your girlish tricks ?' Now Sophie felt sure that whatever might be the Sergeant's feelings toward her, they were in no way unfriendly. And then a glimpse of the truth was revealed to her, Arthur might have found himself growing too fond of the Colonel's daughter, and honorably had determined to remove himself from temptation. For all the regrets she might have felt Sophie enjoyed herself wonderfully well at the primrose ball. It was a general gathering, to which anybody, who was not directly hostile to the primrose badge, was invited. and Sophie's instructions were to be agreeable to everybody, especially to the young men, whose suffrages were easier to win and retain than those of their ciders. And Sophie found herself in great request, and yet distributed her dances fairly among the different social strata, and was in no wise behind Lady Primrose in general estimation. It was nearly daylight when the last of the guests drove away and Sophie did not make her appearance down-stairs till nearly luncheon time. Lady Primroso had been about for houie, and looked as fresh as—it will not d to say a primrose, for that fades quickly enough, and all tho decorations of the ballroom were now faded and withered—bift as fresh as the primrose's humble companion, the daisy. Mr. Crump, to3, was at home; but sitting up late did not seem to agree with him, although he ought 10 have been accustomed to it from his Parliamentary experience; buti anyhow, he looked haggard and worn. Sophie had a busy afternoon in getting al her things packed, with the help of Ladyi Primrose's maid. At 5 o'clock, Colonel Gerard would call for his daughter in his dogcart and drive her to the new house, where dinner would be ready for them, Malec and Mrs. Bridget having gone to the houso in advance. At the camp, Sergeant Arthur had also I packed together his small belongings and was taking a last look at the place which had ' been made bright to him by so much kindness, 1 and, latterly, by tlie light of a growing 1 passion for the Colonel's daughter. He had just shaken hands with the old Colonel, and ; the last words had been spoken huskily ' enough on both sides. Arthur felt it as if he had been parting with a father. The light in the office had grown somewhat dim, for the weather had changed rather suddenly, and a thick sea-fog was driving rapi dly across the country and making everything dark and gloomy. Arthur stirred up the office fire with a shiver, and drew his seat up to the shabby ordnance fender, feeling unaccountably gloomy and depressed. The Colonel and his daughter would have a wretched diive all ' through that lonely, half-wild country. The Sergeant must have fallen into a doze over the fire, for he roused himself presently with a start, feeling that there was a cold I blast blowing in upon him. IIo sprang to his feet; a tall, gaunt figure confronted him, [ with gleaming eyes peering from a face frightfully pale. ' You are Guy Gerard!' shouted the Sergeant, mechanically putting himself in a posture of defencc—'or his ghost!' 'I am Guy, sure enough, and no ghost,' said the other, in a hollow voice, ' although not much better. But who are you ? Arthur Crump, as I live !' ' Guy, old man ! and you really are alive!' cried Arthur, eagerly holding out his hand. But the other drew back. 'Can you offer me that hand fairly and honestly, Arthur? Did you act the part of a true friend to me ?' 'Always, Guy,' said Arthur firmly. 'If you mean about your old sweetheart, and mine—she need never come between us. You know, I suppose, that she married my Uncle John.' ' Is that so ?' cried the revenant. ' I thought that she had married you. Give me your hand, old boy.' It was a skinny, wasted hand that the speaker offered to his friend. ' But what is this, old man ?' lie continued, passing his hand over the other's left arm, and feeling the Sergeanl.'s stripes thereon. • What! did you come to grief?' ' Even so, Captain,' said Arthur, saluting gravely. 'But just for an hour in the Jjjvilight let us be old friends again, and mt down and tell me your adventures.' It appeared that Mr. Gerard had not been killed, although left fc it dead. He liad been picked up by some friundly Tajks, who were travelling through tine passes with a trading caravan, and taken lio Balkh, where he lived for some years as one among the people who had rescued him. Here was a wonderful opportunity for atud'/ing the country and the manners and langicaj ;e of its inhabitants, and it was with reluctant e that, when an opportunity offered, he lef t his friends and joined a trading party bourn d for the shores of the Caspian. Thence & e made his way to Constantinople, and so' Thome, without any further adventures. 'And I haven,*it -come home as a pauper, either,' said Guy. * I made money out there trading in notions. And, indeed, I don't think I should ever have come home at all, if it had not beve® for th e thought of my old dad grieving for meJ ' But yon sent no teS legram or letter to your father,' said Arthur, re proachfully. •I had a reason for *1 hat, too,' replied Guy. ' The truth was, I dot ibted if I should ever reach home alive, I felt so bad; and I thought it would be cruel to gilre him the pang of losing me again. As it is, I doubt if I shall ever be good for mu sh again. You have no idea whaf. a gash the> scoundrel gave me with his villainous krish. I st;em to feel it now.' 'One of those liendisli Ghitzais, I suppose.' 1 No Ghilzai at al 1,' cried Guy indignantly; •butmj- own pet Patlian, the truest of the true, as; I thought 1 lim. He had taken some fancied insult fror l me months before, and brooded over it eve r alter, and ,wlien we were among the hills, be brought some of his prccious countrymen down upo us and wiped us out. But ho reserved me for his own hand, and as I lay there dying, as he thought, lie cursed me and all my lineage, and swore, upon the knife that was red with my blood, that he would offer us all up as a sacrifice to his prccious god, or, as wc should call him, devil. So much for the pious Malcc.' Arthur stared at his friend in blank horror and amazement. 'Why, that is tho wretch who is your father's faithful and trusty attendant.' ' Wlicre'ishc ?' cricd Guy wrathfully, feeling for his revolver. 'Show me him and I will kill him!' ' Be quiet, Guy,' said Arthsr. ' You mustn't kill him. You arc in a civilized country and would be hanged for murder. Let ua keep cool, Guy, and try to think the matter out. Your father has gone—about two hours ago—to take possession of his new house. He calls on his way for your sister, who is staying at Cmmpetts. Mnlcc is there to receive them, with only old Bridget in the house. But can there be any danger—after so many years of faithful service ?' 'Years have nothing to do with it,' cried Guy. ' One of those fellows will nurse his revenge for half a life-time. Perhaps he has had no chanco before to take both their lives. We must follow them, Arthur; a minute's delay may mean death to them both. Thoro was no need to urge the Sergoant to haste. Tho thought that poor Sophie was in dangor, and tho good old Colonol, norved him to instant notion. But ho had to sit and think for a fow minutes boforo ho could boo his way. Horsos thero woro plenty in tho camp, but not at tlio disposal oi any ohanoo non-com. who ohoso to ask for them. As for Guy, his namo was no longer on tho army list, and prowibly in his strango dross and with his gaunt, wild appearanoo, he would be sot down as a lunatio by any of bis brothor oflloors. But thero was a friend of tho Colonol's, an artillery oftioer, who kopt a couplo of stout hunters at stables in tho town. The oilioor himself was on leave, but his man would lot him have tho horsos if he had the Colonel's word for them. Ah for himsolf, if he went out of camp in uniform, lio would probably be stopped and asked for his pass, and to gat a pass would bo an affair of hours. Woll, thoro was an overooat of tho Oolonol's hanging up in tho office, and a pot-hat that was almost past sorvico, and putting thoso on, Arthur took Guy by tho arm and pushed rapidly for tho town. Tho sentry they passed carried arms to them, thinking thoy wore officers in plain olothes, and thoy rcachcd town without exciting any observation. Happily thoro was no difficulty at tho stables. 'Suro, tho Major's ordors wore that tlio Cornol might have tho horses whon ho wanted,' said the Irish groom, * and I'll bo glad to have a bit of tho freshness taken oil them, for it's myeolf'b afraid to put a log over them.' Tho horsos woro froah enough, ready to jump out of thoir girths; but thero was a long stretch of opon heath beforo them, and whon they had passed that, tho animals were more in hand. As tho horsemen npproaohod Crumpett's, thoy saw tho houso, whioh stands on slightly rising ground, with many of its windows lighted up, and easting tremulous rays of light through tho hazo. ' And that is hor houso !' cried Guy, waving a hand in that direotion. Hvidontly tlioro was no other sho for him, notwithstanding all ho had gone through. At tho lodgo-gato thoy stopped for a momonfc to make suro that tho Colonol had gono on. The woman at tho Lodge—an old servant—recognized Arthur at onoo. ' Why, 'tis tho young Squire !' she cried. ' Bo you a-eoming book to us, sic ? Oh, I bo just glad!' Out short in hor domonsvrations, sho waB found to bo thoroughly well-informed as to tho Colonol and his movements. Ho had driven up to tho houso; ho had staid thero for a good whilo, and then ho had driven through tho gate with the young miss, and what was more, the Squiro himself, on horseback alongside of them, had gono to bco them safe home. 'Thank God!' said Arthur. 'If tho Squiro is with them there is no great danger; still, let us push on.' They rode on at a protty hard gallop over the turf. Arthur knew every inch of tho way and whore the best going was to bo found. Taking as short out aoross tho common, thoy just missed seeing a man who was trudging along with a led horse. Thoy had ridden about a milo further when they heard the sound of whools and hoofs in front of them. ' All safe so far,' cried Guy, nodding oheerfnlly to his companion. A turn in the road brought them in sight of tho vehiolo and its oocupants. who were driving along at a brisk trot. They had come to a cutting where the road passed botweon high sandy banks, eaoh covered with a plantation of dark firs. But tho moon had now risen and was shining directly into this dark gully and making everything within it visible in a manner strange and woird. Tho horse in the shafts was trotting bravely along, although the road was somewhot heavy and tho sound of its hoofs was muffled in tho soft sand. Suddenly something dark darted out in front of the vehiole; a man it seemed, who held out his arms with a strange ory. Tho horso reared and beat tho air with its forefeet, and then the figure sprang forward like a panther, and a ripplo of light darted for a moment out of the gloom. That was all they saw; but next moment tho horse dashed on as if without guidanco. Galloping up, the horseman found first a dark, human form, stretohed across tho road, writhing and contorted, but not uttering word or moan. This was Maloc, the Pathan, his naked, blood-stained knife still clenohed in his hand. Guy leaped from his horse, and placed his foot upon the man, drawing his revolver at the same time. 'Bide on, Arthur, and see what has happened. I dare not ' But fifty yards further on lay another human figure, prone upon his face, with arms outstretched, and gray hair dabbled with blood. Ah, dead! sure enough, a gash like that was enough, and here was another streamlet of blood oozing away through the sand. ' Is it my father ?' cried Guy, in a deep, horso voice, ' and is he dead ?' ' I think it is ho,' faltered Arthur, and then he heard a click from Guy's pistol, ' but not dead, I think.' He said this, feeling that his friend would execute justice on his father's murderer with his own hand. 'Guy, empty your revolver in tho air io bring help, and I will ride aftor your sister.' Gay fired several Bhots, but reserved two, Arthur noticed as lio rodo on. Tho dog-cart was not far to nook. A countryman in a ' Hmock frook had stopped the horso Mid was standing at his bond, gnzing nt tho vohiolo in a dazed and torrificd manner. And Sophie—sliolay tlievo without motion, ono arm hanging over tho sido of tho vohiolo, hut tlioro was]no crucl gash in that beautiful white throat. Arthur took her in his nrms and kissed her in tlio oxoitomont and gratitudo of the moment, and sho stirred faintly, and sighed as ho laid lior tenderly on n soft bed of braokon. 'Guy, thoro is soinothing loft to livo for; thoro is your sister,' cried Arthur. 'And now, my good friend,' to tho countryman, ' help mo to ruiso tho poor old Colonel.' ' Colonel ?' said tho countryman as ho raised tho bond of tho prostrato figuro. ' This ain't no Colonol. This bo Squiro Crump as is murdered. And you bo nnsworablo for ho, young gontloman; I know you. You bo tho odo to gain hy his doatli. Oh, how could you hurt tho dear old Squiro ?' ' I hurt him ?' cried Arthur, sobbing, on his kneos beside tho well-known form; 11 would liavo died to eavo him.' And thon another voico sounded from out of tho gloom. It was tho Colonel's. ' Crump! Sophio ! what has happened'{ Aro you all safe F And Malco hoio! What aro you doing, sir, to my servant ?' 'Oh, father, don't you know mci" said another voico. ' I am Guy.' It was in tho midst of tribulation and distress that father and son mot onco moro. But old Squiro Crum|>! Everybody mourned for liini now, and rocounted his good qualities. His wifo was in despair. Novor boforo had so oruol a fato como to so good a man. Ho had mot his death, indeed, a fato intended for anothor, through his good naturo. Ho must needs liavo his horso saddled and rido olf with Colonol Gorard, to show him tho way over tho heath, whoro roads, or traoks, rather, aro intricate, and sign-posts fow. Half way to tho now house tho Colonel's maro pickcd up a nail or a fragment of flint—anyhow, pullod up doad lame. It was cruelty to drivo tho horso a step further. What was to bo dono ? Mr. Crump was in his element in a difficulty of this kind. Tako tho maro out, put tho liarnos on his cob, qniefc to rido and drivo, thoro tho diflioulty was sottled. But tho maro—thoy could not leave hor by tho roadside ? No, ono of tliom muBt load tho maro to tho roadBide inn, a milo or bo further on, and that ono must bo tho Colonol. Thoro was no help for it, and so with much laughter and pleasant talk tho Squiro and Miss Gerard had driven on; and to such a droadful ending for ono of them. There was no doubt but that Malco intondod to kill thom both; but tho Squiro was strong enough to hurl tho man down undor tho liorso's hoofs, though not boforo tho deadly wounds had boon inflioted, and thus Sophio's lifo was saved, and tho gallows was robbed of its lawful prey. For Malcc diod in prison, tho fovor that supervened after his wounds from tho horso's hoofs; diotl, too, almost in despair; for ho recognisod now that all liia dedicated victims had osoapod, and ho dreaded tho anger of his gods. When Mr. Crump's ■will -was road it was found that ho had dealt fairly by his nephew. Everything thnt did not strictly bolong to tho old ostato "wont to tho widow; and thoso bequests mado hor sufficiently rich. But Crumpotto was to go to his nephew if ho could bo found, with provisions otherwise, with which wo ncod not concern ourselves— for thoro was no difficulty in finding him. Tho Colonel know wiioro to find him, and Sophio, too; for though 'who got into a littlo troublo for being absont from his rogimont without loavo, yot, when the faots wore understood, his numo was taken from tho Mack-list, und ho would havo boon recommondod for a commission had ho ohosen to remain in tho sorvieo. 13 ut ho preforrod to rotiro with tho rank of ' Sorgoant,' and to take up his duties as Stjuiro of Crunipotts. Ho married, too, and his bride was ono Sophio Gerard. Guy, too, had his name restored to the Army List, but his health was hardly strong onough for aotivo servico. Ho lived with his futhor, and it was pleasant to seo how joyons tho Colonel was with his son's companionship. When Guy, howover, was oil'ered a colonial appointmont his father urged him to accopt it, and tako his place in tho world of action. But Guy went for further advico to a bettor quarter. Ho rode ovor to a line Elizabethan mansion that looked a deal oldor than Crumpetts. It was tho house that my Lady Primrose had built for horself, after hor husband's death. Tho house had takeu two years to build, so you may judge that hor ladyship had undergono a duo poriod of widowhood when sho told Guy that ho had better stay at homo, and tako caro of hor and of his gallant old father—yep, and writ® tho bier hook of travols that tho world expeoted from him. -Frederick Talbot, in All Iho Year Hound. 