The Village Rivals. DHAPTEE XXI— A FAtsE Priend. ' I bqg[ your pardon, Mis» Clavering,' gaid Gerald Torndyke, with a bow. f I did not quite understand your question.' 4 1 asked who that young girj was,' said Inez, ' whom I saw talking to yon, and turn hurriedly away just as I came up. I ass because she resembles one I once knew so ' Her name is Miss Vane,' answered Gerald—' Flurabel Vane ' ' Florabel !' gasped Inez Clavering, murmuring incoherently. ' It cannot be gbe, yet the name Florabel is not a common one- Perhaps that of Vane was hers before Jlax married her, or maybe an assumed one. I will find out,' she told berBelf. ' She resembles an old school friend of raine so closely I am tempted to see for my-elf if it is not she,9 said Inez, bidding him a hurried good- bye. Inez hurried down the path with bated breath, soon gaining on the little figure dressed in quiet gray walking hurriedly on fthead Every step that brought her nearer con rinced her that this was Max's young wife. Another moment and ehe was beside her In a hoarse voice she called her name, laying her hand heavily on the girl's arm. Florabel raised her eyes with a gasp, then drew back in startled terror ' Miss Clavering !' she murmured. For an instant they gazed transfixed into each other's face, a terrible silence ensuing Through Inez's mind a thousand thoughts bad passed with the rapidity of lightning. Surely the pure, angelic face, before her could never have belogned to a guilty crea ture. A daring plan came to Inez's wily, cunning brain in a single instant. She w.uld pretend a friendship for Florabel, which was exactly opposite to the bitter hatred that was raging in her heart ; for Florabel was, if possible, more beautiful than ever. One could do so muoh more under the guise of friendship. ' Florabel !' she repeated softly. ' Do jny eves deceive me, or is this really you ?' Tears b prang to the lovely hazel eyes that were raised so childishly to hers ; the red lips quivered ' Why did you go away in that manner, Florabel ?' Baid Miss Clavering, in a low voice ' Tell me all, dear ; make me your confidante ; tell me all. You have always taken me for yonr enemy, Florabel, but, in truth, I am your friend. Oh ! how I grieved over you !' Fiorabel was younsr and simple. She knew so little of the world no wonder she was deceived — that no thought of treachery occurred to her. ' You have grieved for me P' Florabel repeated, in tfie greatest wonder. * Why, I thought you hated me, Miss Clavering — I did, indeed — and I thought you and — and — Maxs' mother would be so pleased to be rid of me.' ' But v/hy did yon go ?' persisted Inez, drawing her to a seat and seating herself beside her. ' Tell me all about it, Florabel,' she urged When Inez Clavering chose, she could make herself quite as irresistible to women £s to men. ' Perhaps I was a little cross to yon in those other days, Florabel,' she said, Bweetly ; ' and, oh, how I have repented of it. T wonld give the world to be the means of brintring you back to happiness, dear little florabel.' ' Oh, Inez, how I have misjudged you, sobbed Florabel, flinging her white arms about her false friend with all the abandon of & grieving oblid. ' I thought you would rejoice because Max and — 1 — had — sepa- rated — for good, and because — Oh, how can I ever tell you what else I thought !' ' Too must tell me, Florabel/ said Inez, smoothly. '1 was foolish enough to think you cared for Max, and that if I was out of the way, yon would marry him.' Inez laughed with forced gaiety. ' You must tell me all,' repeated Inez ; and then I can judge which is to blame in this bitter quarrel : you or Max.* ' 1 will see you to-morrow and tell you,' responded Florabel, telling her of *Miss Carlisle's death, of her acquaintance with le heiress, and how ife was brought about. ' I shall be needed at the house now,' she continued ; ' but to-morrow the house will be closed, and 1 shall have to go away ; and I — 1 have not thought yet where I will go.* ' We will talk that over to-morrow,' said Inez ; * and aUo how a reconciliation could be effected between Max and yourself, loa would like that ?' ' Above everything else in the world,' sighed Florabel. ' I have a special and earnest reason now,' she confessed, timidly, the great tear drops starting to her eyes as she clasped her little hands and looked piteously up into Inez Clavering's face. ' If any one can effect that reconciliation I can,' declared Inez * Trust everything implicitly to me, Florabel.' __ ' Thank God, in my coming time of need 1 will have a friend,' sobbed Florabel, gratefully. l Heaven will reward you, Inez, for all you do for me, I am sure.' With these words they parted, Florabel to hurry onward in the direction of the heiress's darkened home, and Inez to wend her way blowly in the direction of the For rester mansion. ' The little tool !' she muttered under her breath. ' Does she think I could endure to tee her and Mar reconciled to each other ? 1 would do anything; in my power to keep them asunder. In time he shall learn to forge; her, and then my great love must win him. In the golden future I will be Mrs. Max Forrester— not yon, my pretty, baby* faced Florabel. V ' A.h ! if she were only out of New York city. They are liable to meet any day here, &nd; then, as once before, my rosy dreams ^ould lay shattered in ruins about me fro, no, my unsuspecting little Florabel, I 'nil nake it the business of my life to keep Joa and Max apart 1 Let him search the world over to find yen — it will be useless — worse than useless. I will spirit yon out of his reach. ' The strait my family is in means utter rain in a few short months. I must make the most of my lengthy visit to the For restere ? for when the crash comes in papa's business the doors of fashionable society will be closed against me. ' Now is tay only chance, and I care for JiTax.' All night long Inez Clavering paced the floor of her room in the greatest agitation, planning as diabolical a plot as ever entered I a woman's brain. I She was at the trjsfcinjf-place early to meet Florabel. Her victim came at last, and Inez greeted her with a kiss. Although eagerly pressed to confide to Inez the exact nature of her quarrel with Max, Florabel steadily refused. It was quite a revelation to Inez to hear that Max had left her in bitter anger, vowing he was going away, and avowing that he should never look upon her faec again, and that Bhe had gone quietly away, believing she would be 'more than un welcome in Mrs. Forrester's home after Max had left her. Inez ne/er told her that Max returned, and finding her gone, and her letter there, was under the impression she had eloped. It would surely have broken poor, hap less Flora bel's heart if she had known that. ' You say Max's mother expected him to day ?' said -Florabel, with pitiful eagerness. ? JJid my — my — did he come, Miss Claver ing ?' ' Prepare yourself for a littla disappoint* ment, Florabel,' said Inez. ' He did not come ; but we received a letter from him, and he said he might not return for three months ; but his bnsiness often takes him on flying trips to Boston. Do not sob bj dejectedly, pretty Florabel. You shall go to Boston, and there you will see him before many days. ' Now my plan is for you to get there and board in some quiet place for a few weeks. If you have not the money, I will loan it to you. I will write a letter to him, telling him you are there, and h' will come on at once, I truly believe.' * Oh, dearest Inez, how good of you to think and plan for me !' sobbed Flcrabel. *I could kneel at your feat and worship you. How could I ever have doubted your friendship !' ? A strange smile played about Inez's crimson lips. It was a great relief to Inez Clavering when the train moved out of the depot, bearing poor Florabel with it, her pretty, tear-stained fxce pressed close againBt the pane aB she waved Inez farewell. ' She is out of his way,' muttered Inez. Now 1 shall aot be in deadly fear each day lest they meet.' That same afternoon Max Forrester reached New York city, aB Inez knew he would. Max — handsome Max — looked haggard and worn. He wa3 a shadow of his former self. ' My son is grieving himself to death over the loss of Florabel,' sighed Mrs. Forrester. ' I would gladly take her back, if but to see my poor son smile once again.' Inez looked at her aghast. ' He has not the pride I gave him credit tor if he could forgive her — this woman who eloped with another !' cried Inez Clavering. OHAPTER XXII.— A Staetliko Dis covert. The next afternoon, as Max Forrester sat in his arm-chair by the lace-draped window, his fair head bent dejectedly on his hands, the door opened softly &nd; his mother entered. ' Max,1 she said, huskily, ' yon are wear ing your life out, Will you never be able to rorgot r An expression of deep pain crossed his handsome face ' No,' he answered, desperately. * Try as I will, never for a moment am I able to for get ; waking or sleeping, alone or in the midst of crowds, the face of Florabel is ever before me. Despite all, 1 cannot believe my darling has gone — to him. I will not believe it.' ?* You must not brood over this matter, my son,' said Mrs Forrester, laying her jewelled hand on the fair, clustering curls ' Constant brooding has dethroned many a man's reason. You are my only son, Max. If anj thing should happen to you, I — I — should die. You must give up the hope of searching out Arthur Hurlhurst and holding him accountable,' she faltered. ' I will trace him and find ont what he is to llorabel if it costs ma my Me,' he an swered, bitterly. * He is in New York, mother/ he went on, huskily. ' I have traced him here; sooner or later we shall meet.' ' I pray Heaven you may not,' answered Mrs. Forrester, fervently. The following day, as Max stepped from a Broadway car, the first person whom he met was Gerald Thorndyke, his old college friend. ' Why, Forrester,' said Gerald, aghast, ' how changed you are 1 I would not have recognised you if you had not spoken. Come into this cafe. I have not dined yet, and we will have a talk over old times. What do you say r' ' Certainly.' said Max, leading; the way. ' What is this you wrote me,' said Max, turning abruptly to his friend after they had given their order, ' about going to marry one woman while your heart was another's ? Take my advice ; don't do it.' Gerald Thorndyke flushed red, then turned deaoly pale. ' jbate has taken all choice in the matter out of my hands,' he replied, with much embarrassment. ' The heiress broke off the engagement with me, and the girl for whom I would have renounced a fortune re fused me point blank, with scorn and derision, then suddenly disappeared. I have been trying to diflcover her where abjuts ever since ' Gerald Thorndyke knew his friend's strict notions of honor two well to tell him exactly how fhe attair had happened ; indeed, it was a source or deep annoyance to recall toe matter at all, all save that part relating to Florabel. * No doubt you censure me, Forrester, for admiring one when I was. engaged to another, but if you bad seen Miss Vane you would not hare marvelled at that. Why, she was as beautiful as a dream, with a beauty at once peculiar and striking. Her faee was as fair as a lily; her dimpled cheeks like two pink roses ; and her eyes — it would take a painter or a poet to describe them — they were of a rich hazel, wonder fully pathetic; and the little head was crowned with a mass of £urlin-?, golden hair; Why, heavens 1 Forrester, what is the matter ? You look as pale as a ghost/ * A ghost of the past has just risen up to confront me- Do you know, Thorndyke, you have described accurately — niy wife ! I did not believe the round world held one like her. You shall see her picture, and you shall judge for yourself. No doubt but you have heard my story ; the newspapers have aired it pretty thoroughly.' ' Yes, I have heard of it/ replied Thorn dyke, extending his band and grasping that of Max in earnest sympathy; * but I hope all will come out right in the end.' * Never V declared Mar, firmly. As be spoke, he took the portrait front his breast pocket and handed it across the table tc his friend. One glance, then Gerald Thorndyke sprang to his feet with a startled cry, ' My God ! am I mad, or do I dream ?' he cried, excitedly. ' No, no, my senses are not playing me false ; this is the portrait of Miss Yane ! Even her name, in her own delicate chirography, is beneath it — Flora- bel. T-o you mean to tell me this — this — is' your wife, Forrester ?' be said, bis voice husky with agitation * Yes/ replied Max, wonderingly * Then, by all that is wonderful, I declare solemnly this is the same young girl I knew as Miss Vane1 — Florabel Vane,' said Gerald, white to the lips, but not more white than Max. ' This is the girl with whose lovely face I fell madly in love at first sight.' Max had sprung to bis feet in intense amazement. '1 do not comprehend what you say,' cried Max, hoarsely. ' Make tnis thing clear to me, Thorndyke.' * 1 will,' replied Gerald. * Calm yourself. Sit down and listen I will tell you all ;' and he toid him briefly and truthfully the story of Miss Carlisle's accident, which had brought her and the beautiful young stranger together, and all that bad trans pired since ' It is but two days since that you saw lioi* in f.lie nnVlr trnn auirf* traant*r\ ^Tax. ' It is so/ replied Gerald. ' And you have been searching for her ever since, but can find no trace of ner V questioned Max, breathlessly. ' If the green earth had suddenly opened and swallowed her, she could not be more completely lost to the world/ said Gerald For weeks she had been the companion of Miss Carlisle. That was proof positive, then, that she was not wi.h Hurihurst. He could have cried aloud to Heaven with very joy for that How cruelly the world had' judged her, bis poor, innocent darling. A flash of something very like the truth dawned upon him. Believing that he would keep his word — that he meant to leave her — she' had gone quietly away— to face the great, cold world — alone. Then, in the face of all this, he remem bered ner letter, one nad written on tnat tear -blotted page that she was 'going to Arthur ;' and at the thought his face grew dark and. stormy. He would have given his life to have believed in her innocence , but, ah, Heaven ! how could he ? how could he ? He bowed bis handsome, troubled face in his hands, bis tall form shaking like an aspen leaf. It had been a severe breaking up of a pretty love dream to Gerald Thorndyke. It was his creed to fall in love with lovely woman ; but he never made the fatal mis take of admiring or giving one thought to a beautiful woman on whom another had claims which should always be held sacred. ' I will pledge you my word to do all in my power to aid you in finding her, Max,1 he said, as they parted an hour later. ' Rest assured, if sbe is in New York city we shall soon know it; and this fellow Hurihurst — we will give him a little atten tion, too»' Gerald Thorndyke walked slowly back to his hotel. ' I'm the most unlucky dog under the sun/ he ruminated. ' Miss Carlisle and her fortune gone ; and the girl I have loved so madly, Max Forrester's bride. Was there ever such a contretemps — such a strange revolution of the wheel of fate !' He walked into the reading-room of the hotel, and threw himself down, into an arm chair near the window A young man sat opposite him, glancing down the columns of a newspaper His face seemed to attract Gerald Thorn dyke strangely at the first glance. Feeling intuitively the deep security of the pro longed gaze bent upon him, the young man dropped the paper nervously and turned hastily away 'Why should he do that?' thought Thorndyke, picking up a paper and pretend ing to be absorbed in its columns. * There is something wrong there, I feel sure. That fellow vtili bear watching-' Twice the young man rose from bis seat and paced up and down the floor of the read ing-room, eagerly watching the great bronze clock on the wall Several strangers entered the room, and Gerald Thorndyke saw him glance keenly, and with repressed uneasiness and agitation, very carefully at each and every one ; and as they looked at him indifferently and pas3ed by, be turned away in apparent re lief. An tTin nnrfpr nnnaed bv fhft door be beck oned to him. ' Has my baggage been taken down from my room yet ?' be asked, hesitatingly. ' Not yet, sir/ returned the man. ' Ton are to take the 8.45 train. It is only 8.15 now. You have plenty of time ' The young man resumed bis seat and bis paper. ' I shall never feel safe pntil I bare put considerable distance between New Yoric and me,' be muttered. At that instant one of the heU-hoju stepped into the room, holding a telegram in bis band. 'Is Mr. Arthur Hurihurst here P*. he asked, glancing quickly among the different groups of gentlemen. ' A telegram for him.' The young man sprang to bis feet and held ont hiB band for it, saying, in a con strained voice : ' This way, my lad. I am Arthur Hurl* hurst' ? TO SI OUH'llMUBU. 