. ... À THRILLING STOBT. Asr EXCITING PAGE FROM THE LTFE ' OP AN A MEEICAK PKOSPECTOR. ^irojtt thu MivimïH RaptMiéa'n.) " ' "* A'/flian gehi some qneér ideas iiiro Iiis ! li'eají"when, he's out áij alone in the,moim7 . tains,'*'Writes john Snndersoh, ari oh|,prii ; speeler, who has his head, quarters at El : :î*aso,'WtVwho makes, aérerai, inculpions ] pn'to . thc unuing districts every year;. lt HalfjOf them.belicre'in[ ghosts, nine ont .of ten in signs,.and about: all ©É them in luck. My own experience Has1 ichang-d' .'my views in a góod many paw îcnlars, and,! Íbr idiiè tbiag; itlias made m s a -'firm'5'«©:'' icS^Wn' social nrovidfiiçèi. ' ' îft1»ajjnened;u^ iutb¥!»!hnbr^sMoiin felttsíopr years agp thia guSîiiher- ""The ^-^fmhreslie in ííew JlíekjiPíj. do^. bpîbw %\& WfitW í^:^;thay;mi^,|^'^(, without seeing bright specks among the roots. 1 hada pet theory thon that if yon followed the creeks up high enough and looked close enough you would find a tremendous deposit of gold iu decomposed quartz. I thought, you see, thats a little of it had washed off the surface in the course of time and formed those placers. What. I wanted to find was the mother mine. 41 talked the thing np to Charley Burke, another prospector and frieud of mine, uutil he agread to put up half the outfit and join me in the search. We got a couple of burros, the necessary tools, aud started early in the spring. Tile 'country about the Mimbres is about as wild aud desolate as any du earth, and it was a trip that nothing but. faith aud enthusiasm would prompt a man.-to attempt. . The creek we followed was almost dry, and we stopped frequently, looking for placers. At last we came to a spot when* the sand was barren for soreral days* joaruey, and thou we began to prospect the country all around. To make a fong story short, we struck a ledge one morn. ¡ncr willi nntornnninErs that crumbled auder my pick, and showed quartz all streaked with yellowihreads. '*t harlie," I yelled ont, all afire at once, " we have struck it Î" ' But before we sunk a shaft we found something else that sent our hearts to our mouths. It was an old shaft, back a little way and in a claim, properly staked out, that covered that very ledge. There was a notification according to law on one of the posts, that Peter Sumner and Joseph Klautzy had taken possesion of the ' Big Six ' and done the legal assessment work! I sat right down collapsed, but Charley went over to the shaft sud came back to tell me that it didn't cover half the amount necessary, nuder the law, to hold .the property for a year. We measured it, and, sure enough,- it was only down about half the required distance, so we took possession of tho property, changed its name to ' The Treasury,' and went to work ! ;We built ourselves a rough Shanty, rigged up a windlass, aud began to sink. In a few days we were into a formation rjch enough to make a man's head 'swim, and '-getting better :as we wont down. We Were both Bo excited that we be- grudged the time to sleep aud eat, and we neither of us meditated for an instant giving, the claim hp to anybody, assess ment work or no assessment work. Whàt bad become of the two tuen was a mystery.1 ' ' ï suppôts we had been there for «a couple of weeks wheo provisions began to run «hort. We didn't: want to both leave thB claim at once, and so it was fiuaUy arranged that Charley-should go down the creek to a camp about fifty - miles ¿way and bring a snpply. He took both burros »nd . started off. I calculated ft Would take him a week to make the trip, and time hung heavy oh my hands. I fried to work a little on the shaft. The formation was hard, and we had rigged up a crossbar : ladder. I would go down this, fill the bucket, «limb to the surface, and pull it np. ,' At about noon ot the second day aftet he left 1 was startled at what 1 thonght was a mau crossing.the little gulch hill a mile away. I only had a view of it between two rocks, and whatever it wat passed so quickly that I was not sure However, I waited for, a,couple of hours and thon, seeing nothing further, con eluded I was mistaken', and I went dowi , into the shaft, I filled the bucket wit! very heavy oro, «limbed up, and had ii »traut- Jialt raised wlieu a man came walk- ing up the creek bed towards me, * He was ab tigly-lookh/íéc^ttstomer, big «nd brawny, with a flat, Scandinavian face, and carried a Winchester on his arm. I bad a little stick that I slipped into the windlass handle near thc axle to keep it f rom turning backwards, and leaving the bucket just where it was, suspended half- way np, X started towards the cabin to : get my arms. He covered roe with bis rifle, and ordered me to halt. ! ? .. ? What are you doing on my claim P1 he said. ' '. I reckon you can see,' I replied, put- ting as good a face on it as I possibly could. ' - 4 You mean you've jumped it, you curs ed thief?» * No, I don't. There wasn't enough work on it to hold it, aud it was as much mine as anybody's.' 'Yon li«!' He looked at ma over the sights wi|b ids wicked greenish eyes Xor full a min- ute; f JThen he said :?? /'' ' " ' Did you *ver pray f : ' Yes,' Í faltered. ' 'Then pray now. I'll give you two minutes:* : ' By that time my mind was clear enough to C-uco lb tbe wholeIsjlnajtion, afi^ I bad nVd«ubf lïut lie' intended^' jo . .murder 'mi th>n and there. "Jtyitb jilè put oï the way jfypre .would be Ja« one t¿ ifstify to th's , |us~ujffîçient: work, and X would, simply bc regarded, if f l(e «tory q£.;u>y death we* ..eyer tolrt. aB a^laiin jjumpev who had beat ïiustiydenU with, I foti iuy knees 4>egó; io;ii!erablo, and tried another-rock. < .. 'If voultiil mö* I»«ah!,>»my pavtnei will he backatíij see Watara bang for tf. ' I'll fix your partuer the same way, you claim-jumping cur.' True euough. Nothing would be easier than to assassinate Bourke on his return, and we had so jealously regarded the secret of our trip tiiat no one would know where to search for ns. Wc would simply disappear, as hundreds of prospectors do, never to be seen by men again, and speedily tt> be forgotten. I had uo hopa of mercy front the instant I looked into that man's cruel face. I felt with a sickeniug qualm and a wild drumming in my oars that luy ttme had come. * Oh, for leaven's sake dou't murder me ! I cried ' I will go.* The man made no reply. For a mo- ment my head swam, and then, with a sudden return of vision that was' excru- ciating iu its clearness, I saw him stoop slightly, rest the gun barrel over thc windlass handle, and marked even that slight contraction of the eyelid that al- ways just procedes a shot. The next instant there was a crash-au explosion and a cry all mingled into one. 1 saw the mnn turning head over heels down the embauktnent, the Winchester flyiog through a cloud of smoko up into the air, and all the while heard a loud, mono- tonous whirring noise that was like some gigantic clock running down. I did not realise it at the time, but this is what happened. When ho rested his ;gun across the windlass he dropped the barrel right against the little stick that I had th-nsfc tu to prevent it turning, and knocked it ont. I suppose the brcket of ore weighed one hundred and fifty pounds, and the creal iron handle, swinging clear abound, gained such terrific moinentrnm that when it «truck him square in the face, which it did, it Hf ted him off his feet like a cannon bail. Tiie gun was discharged by the shock, but the bullet went nowhere near mc Before I regained my Renses, I heard the bucket strike the bottom with, a smash. When I picked up tho man he was un conscious, hut moaning s little, and the blood triekliug ont of his ears. Hià gun was broken. He lay at the cabin for a week or two, aud after Charley got "back we managed to get him to Silver City. There tho doctors put his face in a sort of plaster of Paris cast, but although the wound healed, he was not in his right hoad, and eventually died. The hight bef'«rehe passed away he motioned for: the little slate he used to write on, for he couldn't speak.. He was very weak, and it took him a long time, but at last he scrawled : ,* Who hit me V Before thsy could tell him he fainted away. The mine ? Oh, the mine pinched ont after awhile, and disappointed us: I sold my interest to Burke, and I think after working it for a year be gave up in disgust, and moved away. 