AOTA PGPXJLI. By thb Flaneur. Disastrous Dibbs, after a series o£ long aad care iully planned attempts, has at fosfc succeeded in committing political suicide, and all that is Mb to do now ia for BTinay Melville to decorate Ms comfortable hearsQ with blacking- bottle plumes, hitch up his four coal-coloured chargers, and trot George Richard c-tf to the site chalked out for Parkes's Head-house. Tho Parkes party has been fortunate enough of late to have a so-called Opposition whose sole object seems to have been to keep their opponents in power, and foremost ''VU8°' luusu uereacers ge cneir owe. designs wfts the Murrumbidgee muddler. Like tho 'Pinafore*' crew, he ' meant well, but he diair t know,' and he never will ' know' 'unMl he is made over again and made rory differently to the present pattern It ib to his credit, however, that those who know him best are never tired of proclaiming that his public intentions have always been strictly honourable even though they were blighted by his own bungling, and when it came to a question of the sincerity of private friendship he is, when compared to the Premier, as a Jonathan to a Judas. Accustomed as we were to startling surprises from Mr. Dibbs, it is still doubtful if any of us I were prepared to find him seriously persisting in I going on with his recent Vote of Censure on the Government for their blundering over the Chines? trouble. By their votes the members o? the Houso had previously eondoned the fault ; con [ sequenfcly all were equally guilty, and yet, with sublime but extremely misplaced confidence in the honour of the House, he coolly bobbed up and asked that it would publicly convict itself, and condemn its own doings. Pour hon. members certainly stood by him in his hour of need, but as the only Buchanan was one of the four, it is very doubtful whether fch.is friendly aid was genuine* or merely given, out of pure cussedne&s;, just to liven «v- the House with a little bit of farcical fun-, The man who seriously expected that such a motion would be carried must be green enough to tempt the cows to troop round and eat him ; and, as a matter of fact, had not the Government charitably whipped up a quorum, Mr. Dibbs's unfortunate motion of cen sure would have actually been counted out. Rumour says that Mr. Dibbs ia about to retire from the leadership of the Opposition $ but the real truth is that that position retired from him some time ago, and it would appear that, just as the famous Yankee regiment consisted of colonels solely, so also our present Opposition consists solely of leaders. I It is complained that the man from the Mur rumbidgee took his gruel badly, and the daily press does not forget to give all publicity to the fact that he so far forgot his customary good manners as to call the Premier 'a miserable reptile,' which he subsequently toned upwards by substituting the words ' a mean dastardly crea ture/' Everyone knows, however, that like many other good men, Mr. Dibb3 is blessed with a most irascible temper, and when temper gets the upper hand of a man he is not responsible for his acts. I re member hearing of a Premier in another land who, after having had a vote of censure passed upon his party, walked out of the room to the top of the stairs, and finding one of his most servile followers stooped with his back towards him, tying his shoe, he caught him a rousing kick which sent him flying down the r.teps like a rocket, and at the same time angrily exclaimed, ' D — n you, you're always tying your shoe somewhere or another.' Of course the unlucky fellow was not always hitching up his daisy-oru3hers, but the ex plosion acted as an escape-valve for the defeated Premier, and no doubt he felt all the better after it, even if his poor toady felt all the worse. We must, therefore, make due allowance for Mr. Dibbs's little burst ; more especially a3 Piggy Parkes is one of our very worst offenders in the slangwhanging line himself. 'Sweets to the sweet' — and abuse to the abusers. When it comes to a matter of drawing up a thoroughly sound, legal Act, it would appear that the very worst shop to leave the order with is our lawyev- burdened House of Parliament. The dictum about wisdom being found amongst a multitude of counsellers is therefore, in this in stance, either entirely wrong, or else our counsel lers, with a view to future business, keep it to themselves, and endeavour, as it were, to ' rig a corner ' in the wisdom market. We all reruember the praise Mr. ex-Attorney-General Wise re ceived for the supposed faultless manner in which he drafted his Bankruptcy Bill, and probably some of our Australian youths are still inflated with the pride they then felt at finding one of their number so able to cope with such a delicate subject ; but— alas ! for legal infallibility— ono of our official aasignocs has just shown that owing to a most lamentable flaw in the said Bill, a carolosa or a cunning creditor can intercept the payment of dividends to creditors who had proved at the proper time, by obtaining a special meeting for proof o£ their particular debts. BeSoro turning ia — ? ? ?? solvent a person can now 'square' an obliging tnend to become a creditor for some trifling but tangled-up amount; and when 'the day of settlement rolls round this friend can cause no Sna o£ trouble and delay to the business by keep ing the rest of the creditors waiting w«.ek after week for a settlement of thbir just claims. Mr Stephen prepared a clause to squelch this in justice while Mr. Wise's semi-inspired Act was before the Legislative Council, and submitted it to the member in charge of the Bill, but that gentleman simply elevated his chin with the air of a woman who had just dipped her nose into a milk-jug and found the contents sour- and with a wiping-out wave of his hand declftre'd 'there was 'no necessity for Mr. Stephen's clause as a certa?n section of the new Act made ample pro vision for the mattah.' It now appears that the new Act does nothing at all of the kind, and we must thereforo remove the laurel crown from Mr. Wise's legal brow, and substitute a legal dunce's cap instead. Evidently, the crying want of our bleeding country to-day is either for more lawyers or more lawyers' funerals. Premier Parkes's Chinese Ecstriction Bill is another matter through which a bullock dray can be driven, and turned round and round in. A careful perusal of this Bill reminds me of the Irishman who built a boat, and on a friend point ing out that there were three holes in the stem through which the water could come in, the brilliant builder replied) ff Oh, divil th' odds that makes, for there3s six holes in the starn through which it can all run out agin.' One clause in Parkes's Act provided that a vessel can only land one Chinaman for every 300 tons of her tonnage, but, providing they pay the poll-tax, there is nothing to prevent all the Chows in the world from coming in on us overland. Another clause says that after the passing of the Act all Chinese arriving here must reside in one of the five fortu nate places appointed, and be allowed to follow up their mercantile (not mining) pursuits with out restraint - but it also stipulates that they must not trade with any place or part of the colony except those in which they may be lo cated. This is Protection for those places with a vengeance, for it shuts all other places out from Chinese patronage entirely, and about the only mercantile pursuit the Chinkie3 can follow with profit will be pak-a-pu, or highway rob bery. A third clause renders a Chinaman liable to a £o fine if he fails to pay the annual 10s license ; but as no power of imprisonment is given to our magistrates in case the fine is not paid, John can simply laugh in his heathen sleeve at our Jaws so wise, and advise the Bench to hide our law-makers down a sewer lest the fool-killer somes round and belts out their little ha'porth of of brains with his bludgeon. A supreme contempt for anything like inter colonial amenities also seems to have filled the framer of this jackass measure while drafting it, for it places restriction on even our moat respect able, long-settled, and justly -honoured Chinese residents, which would be considered disgraceful even by the serf-crushing autocratic Govern ment of Eussia. For instance, suppose Kong Meng, the famous Melbourne banker, and, I believe, one of the most charitable men in Victoria, wished to visit Albury, he would, according to our ridiculous Restriction Bill, be compelled to plank down ,£100 the moment his foot touched the N. S. W. bank of the Murray. In like manner, if our own mosfc deserving and highly appreciated little citizen, Quong Tart, took a fly across to the Melbourne Exhibition, to entrance tho Cabbage Gardeners' souls with the seductive strains of his ' Annie Laurie,' or rouse their martial minds with his spirited rendering of ' Scots Wha Hae,' he would have to part with his hundred ' canaries' too, or else he would ne'er see his adopted childhood's home again. It is nothing short of mendacious nonsense to say that we are so immeasurably superior in the aggregate to men like theae that we must treat them as the unfortunate Jews are treated in Russia. They lower no wages, al though they are large employers of labour ; they conform to all our laws ; they rear their families in a manner that puts to the blush more so called Christian families than I care to number ; and if they have a fault at all it is that they do consider that honesty, in some degree, does con sist in paying 20s m tho £. Persons in want of a novel and most agreeable hour's amusement could not do better than pay a visit to the bazaar now being held in the Exhibi tion building by our right worthy friends from the Fatherland. The show is good ; and the cause is better. The stalls are crowded with all that can delight the soul ox woman or empty the pockets of man ; and one moat agreeable feature in the fair ia that you can look at, and handle, and do everything but eat tho articles on show with out boing pestered to death, or dismembered by fair tormentors to take a throw in this, or go into that, or pay 50s for a rag doll that would be dear at 5d. I remained three days and three nights in the fair without once being asked if I had a copper on me. Possibly, the ladies saw I wore the poor dejected air of a man not wholly unconnected with the Press, and considered it quite uunecea-' sary to ask a question the answer td which wad paihflllly apparent: The sensation o£ being allowed to ramble through a bazaar without being tormented and dragged round like a captured rat with a string tied to his tail was so novel and pleasing, however, that I did spend a shilling in lager beer, which I wrapped myself around, and took home to the bosom of my family, in a cab. All the fair stall-holders at this fair are clad in the national costumes of the German peasants. So far as I can recollect this dostume consists o£ a short red skirt, shirt-sleeves, dainty shoes and stockings costing about .£3 a pair (which is good for peasants), and a conical-shaped hat high enough to act as the main chimney of a boiling down establishment. I endeavoured to hold con verse with some of the mothers and maids in their native lingo, but although they seemed to know what I said, they didn't exactly catch what I meant, and the result was not encouraging. ' Spricken sic Deutsch ?' (Do you apeak German ?) Baid I to a lovely lithe-limbed Fraulein, whose hat was scraping the cobwebs off the ceiling. 'Yah,' said she with a Marguerite in-the-garden smile that would tempt even a sol dier from his beer. 'Schloven sie wohl,' said I, delighted with my success, ' und achusla raa chree mit der Kummell-wasser and Limberger Kiise, don't it, hey ?' Marguerite left, with the Innlr *~ir a. iiioirJ trrl-i/-v 'U«/3 ?t.-.-.i. t ? t -» ?* ? .„,. .*, u,,,!^ rr nKj uau jusu ueen asKGCi oy a ghost for the loan of her umbrella; and I came to the conclusion that young Germania forgets its mother tongue and degenerates when it lives for a time in Australia. After this I met a plump, uierry-faoed little Fran, and again inquired, 'Spricken sie Deutsch?' 'Yah!' shouted the lively littlo lady with a vim that jerked me back half way into the Punch and Judy show. ' Hopsasa! Hurroo ! Alt Schwed,' said I, return ing to the attack ; ' koom ! brausen round mit der Bratwurst and lager beer; Faugh-a-ballagh ! Der Wacht am Rhine, und nein Irish needb apply.' 'Oh you vhas madt !' replied the disgusted little woman as she bustled off ; and then I carae to the conclusion that tho Australian climate has a degenerating effect upon the matrons of Germania as well ns upon its maids. But the Fair was a pronounced success, and there is something so truly homely and so sincerely earnest about the German race that they must succeed in all they do ; no matter whether it be mowing down the Vaterland's foes under their Kaisor's lead, or tempting the kreutzers out of a bachelor's pocket at one of their bang-up Fancy Fairs. Personally, I admire the German man, I love the German woman, I adore the German music, but d— n the German cookery. When the latter is on, I desert at once and cross the border to La Belle France. But, for all that, there is a thoroughness and an un flinching determination about the German people that must ever put down anything to which they are opposed. 