A Late Repdatance; or,, THE LITTLE WHITE HAND. i yM 3-rs i ERY C A. DEINISON.. I-----0-- CHAPTER Vii. (Co:rTrI?vnU). Thte room was shut and looked; only poor ialton stood by the door, his face utterly :tiorlesis, his eyes red with weeping. The :ron:cr had been sent for, the house was hushed and cleared, as became a mansion visi:ed in one day twice by the angel of d1ath. Andrew crept upstairs, with his odd sidling notion, anod stationed himself beside DIalton. "I could have told 'em so," ho whispered. "I saw it written in his face. Besides, he van a-itogether too free with his money. Hie oilered me fie do!lare. I could have slapped his faoe for it." "Oh, Audrev I so young, so beautiful, to die! I wish I could din too." "None but a fool could say that," was the answer. "For my part, when I see folks dead, then is the time I hate death the wors. Hlaw do yon suppose he killed her? Tirc villain i' "Doa't talk that way, Andrew. H1e-never Celd have doneit.'" "' But he did do it, and that was what the old dame meant, mind you. Ile'll never came back. Hie never meant to come bsc. ' "Oh, the wretchl" cried Dalton, his face eroeing fierce. " I could tear his heart ' He'li never give youen a chance, my dear b:y. I" t how mad they both were with re--the mietres and the master- but they vill earn to put a iittle faith in lame An ,hew before they die. Why, I saw villain in hil face hbeore he spoke."" There was a noiLe on the stairs, three men cae upo, their faces composed into becom. ing solemni:y. They walked as if the house b o0ied to them. They opened the door with a key, and threw open the shutters which somebody had closed. The maids •nera?llcrletd in a trembling group at the loot of toh stairs, several strange people had fi!olowc the coroner to the door,, but polite. naos helt them from entering. Out of the ro:-d tiis acicer had selected a jury. They iad the room to themclvaes awhile, inspeot i.g matters, tti.ling in low voices, and then thety departed as solemnly as they had come. !z?0e stood in the door of the living room is they reached the lower hall. The coroner, a m:nn of some consequence in the little cnmaconity, took off his hat to her as he pueaed. The others took off their hats. The ;lstrcss looked very pale, and her eyes were red. "Is the poor lady really gone?" 'she weltd. 'Oh, yes, the vital spark has fled; and as to the cause, we shall know that soon. There must be a more thorough examination. Meanwhile every effort should be made to bring that wretch to justice. Oh, by the way, here is something we found under the pillow, or rather a copy. .I transcribed it with a pencil, wishing to keep the original. ht is very sad for you, very; so much trouble in one day. My regards to your excellent husband, and good-morning." Dalton was called upon to .decipher the lerttr, which was very different in -penman shin to the dainty callgraphy of the lady. And this was the way it ran: S Tcrsoni Evw, Sept.-, 18-. "Feeling impreesed that I am on the eve of some great trial, I write this more to re Iieve my own mind than to give any clue to my present name and Ipoeition. I am an Englishwoman by birth. My father is a yeoman, by name Leonard.Wave, of Strat. ford, a borough in Lancashire. I am twenty-two years old. My father was living six years ago at the time I left Eo?land. I was then sixteen. I do not know ifhe is living at present, as I have had no communication with him since. Before I left England I was married. Sly present name I have sworn to keep secret, and I dare not break my oath. Five years ago a little girl waborn to me. Before it was a year old my husband thought it more prudent to put it away. This was the mistake of my life; but I was so young, and so utterly de pondent upon-my husband." " Since then I have not seen my child. I only know that she was placed with respeot able people, and that year after year I have been promised that I shall see and claim her, I anm nearer the fulfilment of that promise ta-night- if all goes serif-than I have ever bon ; but a strange and unaccountable dread has taken possession of me. Lhave not even t.en told in what town or city my child is living. How do I know that she is living? Oh, if I could only go back to Stratford, and be a child once more I i I could only forget the past I My child I my little Dotty I Shall I ever press you in my arms in this world again? Andyou are only thirty miles away \--only thirty miles. Oh, that I had the wings of a dove that I might fly to you, my darling. I don't know why I write this,save that it is to relieve my burdened heart. I ought to feel young, and yet I seem so old eo heart.broken. God pity mel Who will take care of my child if I should be called away 1 That is all I have to say-8ll I dare .?a" - " Well, now, did you over hear the like ?" queried the astonished landlord. " It's as I told you. He was some distinguished gentle man, and she ran away with him. He got tired of her pretty face; and, as we read in books, here's the end on't. Lord bless us I It's well he left money for the funeral. It would have been sad to bury her by the town; such a pretty one I It's safe to sayhe'll never show his face here." "But if it's a case of murder," whispered his wife. ", "He gave it to her in the wine. Great Heaven I and I helped him to the hot water." " That's not to your discredit," said mine host. "We keep a public-of course, we're always in hot water." " Will they hunt for him ?" "Of course they. will." "And we shall be in the papers?" "No doubt on't. We'll get advertising gratis. It will be the best thing could be for the old tavern. Perhaps we might charge for a sight of the rooms." His wife shook her head. "It would seem like making money out of her sorrow, poor lamb I" she said. "I never took to a face as I did to hers. She looked so young, so innocent. What would the mother of her say?" . . The general feeling in the little town was that of horror. Men turned aside from their legitimate business to talk about it. Women ran from house to house, all carious to hear and to see. The story, as usual, gained in the telling. In how many ways the poor lady was murdered it would be impossible to tell. The tavern was besieged. Idlers hung about it all day. It was an event in the quiet town that nearly turned the heads of the in habitants. CHAPTER VIII, LORD OF ALoDERBOUGns AT LAST. On the deck of the COnard steamer, twenty miles out, the rain pouring in torrents, stood Donniston. His cap was thrust back from his forehead, and all the damp, rich locks were hidden. For the first time in twenty four hours he breathed freely. He had been a close prisoner in his state.room. Whether or not Isolise Huntley was on board he had no means of knowing, though he had listened in feverish anxiety for the sound of her voice, fancying it might reach him. He had not been in the cabin yet; The greenish white water churned into foam by the screw of the great steamer had long ago changed its quiet for the deep swell outside. The sky was steely gray, with not a cloud in.sight. The denhs were wet, slippery, and solitary. Here and there two or three old salts made their appearance on the forward deck. The cap tain stood motionless on the bridge; the steersman bent his shoulders to the exigen cies of the hour, and Dunniston, wearying of the monotony, turned to go down, when he noticed a cloaked and hooded figure com ing up. For a moment hit heart beat almost to suffocation. The hat, the veil, the water. proof were all like Isolene's, but then hats, and veils, and waterproofs are so much alike. He stood aside as she gained the upper deck. The voice was familiar. "Oh, Mr. Danniston 1" But it wes not Icoline's. " It was to close down there it nearly made me sick. Oh, I am so glad to see you I All our party are here but Isoline." He put up liis hand to lift his cap that she might not see the change in his face. But she heard him utter: " Good Heaven I" be tween his teeth. "I knew you would be sorry to hear that," she said, with a carious little laugh. "So you see you will be obliged to be contented with the company of theplanct's satellites instead of the planet herself. Too bad, for we can not possibly console you." "Don't be too sure, Miss Laura. But I -I thought it was all arranged. - " So it was. The great luminary has done nothing for six week but study maps of the Continent-bless you she knows all Europe ; no need for her to go there. But all at once she says 'girls, I shan't o0 I" and nothing we could say or do seemed to shake her reso. luntion-neither for a long time would she give the ghost of a reason. Betty found out I didn't-that she had received a foreign letter the day before. Whether that had any. ting to do with it or not, I can't tell." Again n shock that shook the man to the very centra of his being. He had dared all, risked his very soul, and this was the result. So far, Isoleno was lostl "Give me your arm, won't you, Mr.'Dun nieton ? I declare, it is the first time that I ever had to ask that favor of a gentleman," and Miss Laura laughed again. in her own stealthy way. "I beg ten thousand pardons-I-I have been travelling all night." "Ah, that is sullleient apology. I know nothing that will make me so absent-minded as loss of sleep. You are forgiven." Together they paced the deck till the rising wind and the unsteady motion of the vessel made it desirable that the cabin should be gained, and MIiss Laura clung to her con ductor in a way that might have flattered some men, brilliant and pretty as she was. In the cabin the ladies fluttered round him, each one solicitous to secure him. Walter Danniston was esteemed a catch. Was he not next door to a title? But among all the ladies, only one followed his move ments with jealous, heart-breaking glances. That was Laura Veschoff, she who had just come from the upper deck, a Polish girl, un scrupulous, daring, and intellectual. Before he had met Isoline Huntley, he had almost declared his preference for her, and she had given her whole heart to him-in a word was madly in love. By some adroit management she lured him into a corner. "I could tell you, if I chose, something of that letter," she said, with downcast eyes; but mind, it was not told to me by Isoline." She saw the only way in which she could interest him was to talk about Isoline. He turned to her, bent his whole attention to winning her confidence. His smile dazzled her; the touch of his hand, ear. easing hers, thrilled her. " Mlr. Dunni eton," she said, abruptly, "were you ever married?" He had not expeated this question, and it took all the latent power he was master of to keep his countenance unmoved. "And what if I were ?" he queried, coolly, "would that be the unpardonable sin in Hiss Ieolene's eyes ?" "I rather think it would- provided "-she blushed a little, then dashed at the words "your wife were living I" "ABh, that alters the case; pray who has been slandering me ? I truat Miss Huntley does not imagine that I would insult her by forcing my attentions on her !in such a case." "Indeed, Mr. Dunniston, this letter not only spoke of your marriage,but that you had a wife living." "Ten thousand curses on the dastardly in former l" cried Denniston, with a sudden passion. Then after one or two heavy breaths, he saw that the girl by his side had turned deadly pale. "I ask your pardon, tiss Laura, hobut it is hard to be slandered be hind your back, harder still to think that your friends believe it." SThen there is no truth in it whatever 1" she asked, flushing again. "Half truth," he replied, with his usual serenity. "I have been married, but my wife is dead." His voice had grown hoarese and low. He was conscious of an inward trembling, a hate and a loathing of himself, of every ,P 4 . r.? "Oa, that a:counts far it," slid ,Mis I Laura, drawing a long breath. "After all, one must blame Isolene a little. Do you know, were I loved, all the world could not make me think ill of the beloved." This she said looking into his face with dewy, dark eyes, her bright mouth a little unsteady, the long lashes curling against her browse "No; upon my soull 'I don't think you would." he responded, with a glance of on dissembled admiration. This was the crowning aurcola'of her hopes. For months she had been longing for just that glance, and in vain. "I wonder if he's going to flirt with me through the voyage, to consolehimself 7" was her thought. " I wish to Heaven this girl had Isoline's fortune I" was iris thought, and then he looked down and sighed. If he could only have seen Ieoline before his departure, that once might have been his golden opportunity; but now she was still free, and all the world was courting her. "Time to dress for dinner I" said Miss Laura, gayly, conscious that for a proper toilet all the braids and papillottes must come down that were now snugly tucked away under her hat. Fortunately I am not one of the victims of soal -de mater-are you 7" "I am never sea-sick," he said. "Then we must be friends on this voyage, sworn to put up with all the dullness and monotony, never to get angry at cards, and never to miss a meal. Au revoir I" "After all," mused Dunniston,asheturned away," I believe I always liked Miss Laura best; and as it is-" He frowned, and pressed his lips together. Perhaps a a vision came before him of a little white hand. Hurrying to his state.room, he made afew changes in dress, and threw himself moodily on the sofa, under the bull's-eye. A paper that had been thrown upon the floor after serving the use of a wrapper, attracted his attention. He took it up. The date was a fresh one. "Ah maybe this is the paper. I don't think I've looked at the newspapers for a week. Curious I didn't ask Radden the date of hisnews. He's an'addle- brained fellow anyway." He went over the paper patiently. It was of that day's dater Suddenly, just before he turned to his last page, he uttered a loud cry, and sprang to his feet with' an almost frenzied motion. His eyes gleamed, opening to their widest extent; his face changed all over-grew for a moment flushed, then darkened, and he dropped like a log on his seat. In that paper he had read of the unex pected death of the only person who stood between him and a title. The paragraph read thus: "We regret to state that Lord Dunniston died on Sunday, at his residence-Alder boughs--of apoplexy. We chronicled the death of his nephew a week ago, who was thrown by his horse while on a hunting ex pedition. The next heir to the title is a rather wild nephew, Richard Walter Dennis. ton. Dick left his home several years ago, and is at the present time sojourning in America, to him, therefore, will descend the honor of keeping up the state of Alderboughs. We believe the money was left away from the heir expectant of the title, and trust the young man may come on with a fine fortune, acquired in the new country, by marriage or otherwise." " Well,"and Dunniston drew a long breath, "then at last-I am Lord Donniston. Lord Danniston 1" he repeated sonorously; his voice fell again-" but as poor as poverty it self. My bank holds just a hundred and fifty pounds, won on a wager. "A pretty condition that for a man to be in who expects to be the future meeaster' of Alderboughs-a house that eats up more than that sum in a week." He lifted himself from the sofa, and stretched to his greatest height; then stood and mused: "Lord Dunniston I" he mu'tered, gloomily, "and why should it have come to me?" If she had had more faith in me-faith in me I" and he laughed bitterly. " Well, at all events, we are quits now: if I have lost something, so has she. By heaven I she will suffer tor. ture when she learns it. I know her proud nature. Yes, I shall at least make her suffer. As to the little Lady Laura"-he laughed to himself-" the 'lady' suits my little Polish woman very well. She would suit it, too such ravishing taste in dress, and quite as pretty-not so regal, but more lovably pretty than my Incline. Pshaw I what am I dream ing ofa A more absolutely foolish romance could not be cooked up. No, it won't do; but I must see what effect the newswillhave. I'll manage it after dinner." He was very gay during dinner. Miss Laura's heart leapt to her mouth when she noticed that he had contrived to change seats with an old Dutch farmer, who had made money enough to "go across," in order to sit by her side. Alh I it was a dangerousposition for her-loving him as she did to absolute in. fatuation. " Miss Laura," he said, just after dessert, I've somevery odd news to tell you. Contrive to get the rest of them at cards,or something, will you ?" CHAPTER IX. oDRIVEN cnaron nlMSE.r. Behold the two snugly esoonsed in a vao cant corner of the great saloon.-. Here and there are other couples of groups; but long stretches of bright crimson sofa intervene, for most of the ladies have taken to their state-rooms. Many of them will not be visible during the voyage. The lamps swing back and forth suggestively. There is a sub dued murmer of conversation; the sound of slapping cards on the long tables; the rattle of dice; the long, monotonous slough of the sea-wind outside; the steady dash of rain and salt spray against the windows; now and then a harsh or a musical laugh, as the luck is for or against the player. "Heow snug this is for a tete.a.tete," said Donniston, pushing his curls back with both hands and leaning lazily with his elbows on the table. " And how black it is outside ugh I Do you ever dread trouble on the water, Miss Laura ?" "No. Why should I It is too fatigning to bother one's head with dread and misgiv ings. Besides I come of a race of soldiers. We Polesarelnot a timid people,tlhough for the the time conquered, There is ohly one thing to be deplored-in my own case I ought to have been a man." "Oh, no, Miss Laura, don't say that 1" he responded quickly,looking at her with a bright emile. You had better be a woman and con quer men. "Well, I wait for your lorship to go on," she said, laughing. He started at sound of the title. SHave you heard itT" he queiried, lifting his head. Have I heardit? What"' "This -" He took the paper from his pocket, and pointed to the paragraph.. . . " Rlad it," he said; quietly.- - She did read it, and very quietly. Her color deepened, then vanished. She looked up rather coldly, and said: "I congratulate you, Lord Donniston." "Thanks; but pray don't be so very civil, or I shall think I have lost by my title." " I cannot help it," she said, quietly "At this moment I feel leagues from you. You are my lord," she added,.with a stately bow. "Oh, come, now, that's nonsense. To be sure I'm a lrdC, but it's at empty title after iall. Y-u ,ss leha';e read the whole notice. An impecunious lord is worse off than aninm poverished private gentleman." "I am so sorry-yon missed the rich bride," she said, smiliog a little,thoughher blue gray eyes really had tears in them. "What do you mean?" he asked, looking u" But for that unfortunate letter Ieolene would have come; and any one can tell what the sequel would have been. Ah, Isolene can queen it right royally. And then she is so beautiful. "There are others quite as'beautiful," he said, coolly. "But the money-the money I Ah, how we all love it I don't dieguise the fact from myself. You have learned to know how out spoken I am. My poor little fortune of five hundred a year seems at time so contemp. tible. Not but that I have learned to live within it." "Five hundred a year!" he said to him. self. "I never thought she had half that." - Her eyes, so cool, and deep, and bright, her varying color, made her seem very attrao tive. : "I shall have to to livein a obiner of my castle and eat mush.for breakfast, cooked by my soltiirydomestie; who hust' also be mhy valet. The rest of the house must be shut up to dust and cobwebs." "Is it very nice?" asked Miss Laura, her blue gray eyes from their depths [of feeling growing more and more dangerous. "That depends upon what ' nice' means. The house itself is rather a grand one; it is of gray stone. You drive through an old gate-way, one of the finest things, into a court. The house is extensively terraced sits high, and presents an imposing front. You may imagine any number of fine mulli oned windows, long and narrow-also all sorts of ancient statuary that surmounts the roof and arches. There are too, plenty of chimneys of the picturesque order, doors, arches, buttresses and oriel and other win dows. I can tell you it's a fair sight lighted up on a dark night-but I shall never be able to light it-it would cost all I am worth to furnish candles I Think of that l" and he laughed.harshly. "It must be grand indeed-even without the candles," said Miss Laura,drawing a long breath. "And now the inside, please." " Oh, that'eall vyq; fair. I don't think I've seen -anything like itin Americs, though Americans furnish well. But there's a sort of antique spleddor about our great drawing. rooms-though now they will remind me a little of hotel parlors. .But we're proud of our pictures. Lord Dunniston gave almost fabulous prices for pictures; it was his weak ness. By the way, it they 'go with the house, I- might live off them for a few years." "What 'do you mean ?! she asked curi ously. "I can sell one picture at a time, and live on the proceeds till they are all gone." "You willlive jostlikeall themen,extrava gantly; whether youn have much or little; that's what you will do." "Well, how am I to help it l Do you think [ would bring a wife into such diill. oulty ?" " Not unless she could economize. for yon." "True; and if she couldn't, why I could starve her out, you know, in time.' "Horrible l" "We might live very cozily together in some convenient spot, and play, Cpid among the roses, you know; but what of our wretched tastes? How could we exist with out society ?" - - ', Oh, delightfully l" cried Miss Laura. "Isn't all society hollow and empty-hearted? Haven't you foundthat out? Now to livein Arcadian peace and simplicity-to try to atone for all our sins and follies by leaving the miserable exacting world- it wouldn't be so bad," she added, smiling. "To atone I No, by heaven l I never thought of that I" he muttered, with an al. tered countenance. "Miss Laura, could Ido it, do you think? I've been an intensely wicked man." "I wonder who else would dare to say that ?" she queried, good-humoredly. "But I have-and there are some things there are some things," he repeated, absently, as if she were not listening," that cannot be atoned for." " Oh, no; don't utter bitter things against yourself. Whatever you said, I should not believe you-whatever you had done,Ishould forgive you." She had no thought of the wonderful ten dencies her voice expressed, just then. Smitten with a sudden remorse, as he was, and a sudden longing to set himself right, it also occurred to him as suddenly,what injury. he might have done to this girl, so gentle and beautiful in appearance, so apparently un conscious of what eyes and even lips con fessed. Driven beyond himself by some power without or within, thrilled by by the sweet magnetism of eyes and lips, he laid onehand on here, so soft and white, but as suddenly withdrew it with a look of horror. Would he never lose sight of that little rohite hand, outstretched beyond the bed curtains, so shadowy, so like the white flakes of early winter snow ? In a moment, however,here covqred himself. " Miss Laura," he said, impulsively, under the influence of the magic of her eyes. I am a penniless man, and a lonely one. I have been picturing only what is too likely to come to pass, a solitary life in one corner of my ancestral home. Will you go with slo and keep the ghosts off? Lady Laura," he murmured-" it has a pretty sound, baa it not? And-but no; it would be a sin to mew up that sweet, fresh face among old galleries; and the only vehicle I shall be able to keep will be a velocipede. There's one there now, in the stables, if it hasn't got too shabby for use. Ah, now, you are laughing at me." "Indeed I'm not, Lord Dunniston;" it seemed as if she had been practicing on the title ; it fell s0 glibly from her lips ; "but the picture of the veloaipedo was too much.l And now, in sober earnest, willingly woeuld I go with you but for the thought of--Iso lene." "Oh, hang Isolene I" he said, almost with anger, as he rose, and steadied himself by the table. "But if she lhad come?" . "Very well, it she had come I'll not deny but things might have turned out differ ently; but as she has chosen cot to trust me "-his face darkened-" and as I am forced to believe you would have trusted me-" She caught at the hand nearest to her; a look of intense love came into her face, "Oh, indeed, indeed I would l" she ex. claimed, her gray-blue eyes luminous, "Good heavens, Mr. Dnnniston, are they looking this way ?" - They were looking that way. every variety o! exproselon depleted upon the half.dozen faces coolly scrutinizing them. - Miss Laura's face grew scarlet, and .she withdrew her hand quickly. He turned round defiantly. "You have only to tell them that you have accepted Lord Dnnniston," he said, quietly, seeing that withdrawal now had become!sim podsible; "will that do?:' - "Lord: Donniston, are you srare " ehe murmured, falteringly. • Am I sure of whet?" : "That you are in earnest ? That youwill not repent?" "That I am in earnest, yes; that I will not repent-unless you yourself force me to,' - " A long, lingering rlok of love, add Duonii ton felt compensated. !' To atone," he muttered, as she reluet. antly- left him--'" to atone; God knows whether there is a chanceoor me, .but I will try." Then he shivered, and, moodily enough, "for a man- just engaged, left the saloon. CHAPTER X. SDOWN HTO THE SEA. Dunnieton was a little startled the follow. ing day by the exaggeration of ceremony that followed his entrance. Among the curious groups..that gather together in ocean steamers, there are necessarily some who have been born with but a small inheritance of a very necessary appendage to human thought and individoalityi namely, brains. Two or three of this class belonged to Miss Laura's party. One of them had the insuffer able meanness to rise as Donnioton came for ward to take his seat at table. Dunniston was a little nonplused at all thig show, though he was liy no means a re markably modest man, and bore, his new honors somewhat uneasily. He looked care worn and a little.cross,though he had bright ened at-sight of.Miss Laura,. who. (everybody knew that, too) was his afflianced wife. And, oh, how much more petting. and carressing, and consulting she got on that account. However, the novelty of the feeling wore off. Dunniston minutely described his castle home to her, beginning at the basement stone, and going up to the bronze knight with a lance in his hand on the cupola. He talked over the ena?ege-they settled how they two shout live in one corner of the house, and appear out only on extraordinary occasions. To his infinite astonishment, Lady Laura, who was to be, declared she had made her own dresses and bonnets for years, that no Parisian dressmaker could by any possibility have suited her as she suited herself. And cer. tainly one could hardly have fancied her 'dresses came from the hand of anyone but a Parisienne. So the days wore on, and they were within a few miles of Queenstown, when one night the awful sound of a blow on the hull struck consternation to all hearts. There had been a fog for two days, and a strong wind-al most a hurricane-had set in since noon. Twilight was gathering, and so were the clans on board the steamer. At first people smiled in each other's pallid faces, in which was expressed a gloomy hope; but soon the officers and sailors were seen to move with hurried gestures, and men,women, and children began to pray and cry for mercy. The scene grew more awfnlly dishearten ing every hour. Orders were issued that each passenger should put on a life-preserver, but many, having given up all hope, sat dull and passive, apparently giving no heed to the peril of the hour. Others again ran wildly about hoping to find some way of es. cape. A noise of the scraping of chains was heard, and by this they knew that the men were putting the boats out. And now ensued a scene which, for the credit of human nature, had best not be minutely described. The sailors, with no care or thought beyond that of their safety, had manned two of the boats, and in spite of entreaties, threats, and even the use of fire-arms, by which several of their number were wounded, succeeded in getting away. To crown the terror of the spectacle, the sea, as the vessel had worked round, ran at a fearful height, and each time the cruel waves swept over the deck they carried off some shrieking passenger. Danniston, with a fixed white face, stood holding to the mast, listening to the thunder ing surf tones, wet to the skin, and looking right before'him with eyes devoid of specula. tion. Among the crowd a woman was seen el bowing along, and keeping her footing by al most .superhuman exertions. Her dress clung to her figure, all saturated with sea water. A long white woollen scarf crossed her head, came round her neck, and was tied behind-the waist. Her curls, damp and lustreless, hung far beyond her belt, and her eyes, blue-gray eyes, were filled with horror that gave a wonderful dramatic intensity.to the bhautiful face. "At last I" she said; and with a low cry, partly joy, partly fright, fell forward on the arm her two slender hands had grasped. "My Godl you, too, Laura 7" groaned Dunnieton. "I, too ?. Yes, all of us. You never dreamed Ishould be saved, did you? Did you not fancy I would rather be drowned with you? Only close to you, in your arms, my darling I Oh, how cold I am I No; no. ieep your coat around you, anud,forHeaven's sake, don't let me go I Oh, Walter, is there no hope ? and where are we going to 2 I am so miserable I" " There's no hope, I fear. Look out i' They both cowered under the drenching-of the huge wave that swept completely over them; and several who stood near them went, with piercing shrieks, over the ship's side. "Hold on. I'll protect you as long as I can-; till the ship goes down at all events." " Oh, Walter, here's an end to our lovely plans!" she said, looking up with quivering lips. "And Ieoline, God has saved her. Why couldn't He save un? Why did He let us come in this doomed ship 7 Do you think me a coward for crying 1" and she looked up into his face like a penitent child. "No. I only wish I could- cry," he said, hoarsely. "I can't cry. I can't feel. T am like stone. But, never mind, I dare say we shall-come up somewhere." ' " But where, Walter 1 I have scarcely even given such a thing a thought. Where shall we meet after-after-?" and with a long, thrilling shudder she hid face again on his shoulder. Another wave. Only by clinging with all her might could she resist tne impetus to go as it receded. "Hold tight I Here, I'll tie you to my arm with this scarf;" and he unwound it from her face and neck with. dificoulty, and clasped her to him as he bound her arm to his. Then he kissed her, and had just time to secure himself to the iron ring, when a wave more terrible than any rolled over them. Shrieks, imprecations, cries for meroy fol. lowed. The wind blew fiendishly, as if mooking their misery, the ehij was thrown upward and forward, and the sound of the rooks was horrible. "Oh, Walter, it's no harm to tell you now that death is staring us both in the face, how Ilovedyou. I have made you my god. I have worshipped you ever since I knew you. I have envied every woman I saw you look at. I have hatd Isoline. But, ohb, ca-ling, darling, I donot fear death so very much ifl meet it with you I Is there no way we can be saved? Moust we give up all hope of life ? Can you not swim ?" "I cannot swim," was the answer. "Un. futLue olrll, I hey. ,iws ha Dn ,ODeIlu. tos the water and never cared to learn. But even if I could,in such a cea as this-with all the poor crazed creatures about us, and the rooks beneath-I could not help m ?e._aven. No, I think isr time has come." AnFdfo set his teeth. " Oh, Walter, I-I don't want to die ?" she moaned. " No, it's not a pleasant thing to contem. lplate. One feels sometimes that one has G~o to die, but sees it only in the future. It is different when you are fred out of a lifi?e driven against your will, while every pulse beats healthily in a Eound body. To .be driven-to be forced out-to die by accident, storm, or-inurder l-- h,mrstfearful ' And h e shaddeied, - - - "T Ta.ntIiore is nolhops? 'rho ? hic .if steadior pow," murmured Laura. . " Yes, because she is ietlling," he made an swer. S"And we must go down with her I" She clasped her hands convulsively. "We must. I have' been planning ever since we have been here; but every available .thing has been thrown .overboard by others. when Fate decides, what are we? Mere play. things in her hands." "Oh, but-Godl" murmured Laura, shud deringly; and the terrible answer chilled her to the marrow. "I have nothing to do with Him." "Oh, but I have I have I am*afraid to go with all my sins upon my head. And since there is no hope"-her voloe grew fear fully hoarse-- I must tell you something; I cannot help it; I must-trusting to God's mercy for forgiveness-for I am heartily sorry. You will not forgive me. I am pre pared for your hate and scorn. - But what will it matter where we are gofng Oh, Walter, I did it for love of you I I was crazy, mad; call it what you will; but I did it for love of you. Walter, I forged that letter that changed Ieoline'e feelings towards you. Now strike I" She stood cowering with bowed head after this confession. - " You " He strained at the woollen knot for a moment, as though he would rend it asunder. His face had grownlivid; his teeth were set. She put out her hand. The gesture made .him shrink away with bated breath. "Hate me, but don't do that I" she cried, with a voice full of anguish. "IRemember,if you loved her, I have saved her life. Should you be spared, you may go back again, even if I, too, am saved- for oh I it seems as if I would almost give my soul for life, dear life I" "I Ahought you said it was a foreign letter," he muttered." "It looked like one. I altered an envelope she had received from London some little time before. Oh I are we going down very fast ?" " Very. Look you-as this seems the time for confessions, let me parallel your duplicity by informing you that I also have deceived you. I had a wife probably when you wrote that letter. For love and hope of winning Isoline, I- murdered her - and in cold blood." " bHefelt the arm that .waB suua ~ s, um strain for a moment as the girl shrank from him in horror. "Nowr, will you please inform me how you learned that I had a wife ?" "I did not know it. Your former valet was the lover of a friend's dressing- maid. She told me that once when he was in liquor, he hinted that he could'tell something about you -that you bad a wife living." "That- Reddan I" muttered Dunniston, with an ejaculation little beseeming the time and the peril. "But you surely do not mean what you told me I You only wished to punish me." "I have told you the truth in face of death," he answered. She put her hand out, and touched the breast of his coat-he threw [it angrily off, with another oath. "Walter Walter in spite of all I-I -love you," and her head fell upon his shoulder. Ho would have thrown her off, for he felt that she had fainted, but at that moment the mighty mast toppled, shrieked, twisted itself like a tree torn by the roots, and with a great and horrible cry from those who hlia'been clinging to it since the first shook, vant over into the dark surging.cean, .carrying -death' with it, crushing and maiming pitilessly all who were not borne down ineo the boiling, seething deeps. Dnnniston lost his hold, and fortunately was not struok. For a few moments he felt himself sinking, and parted from his affi anced, but coming in contact with a floating object, he siezed it, and managed to keep his head above water. Again and again was he submerged, though clinging with a death grasp. Fortunately his feet had got entangled in some other light and floating body, but the constant pressure of the water, the fre quenoy of the inrolling waves, the cold and the increasing numbness of his fingers, made his offorts less available to Euat-in life., A great horror and blackness came over him. He looked up to try and get one glimpse of the dreadful sky above him. His thoughts grew more and more indistinct. Just over his head the waves seemed to open, and amid their sudden crystalino splendor, their hues of changing green, and gold, and purple, he saw a little white hand held down from abovo as if to lift him up from death. With a great cry he held up his own right hand to grasp it, when lo! it dissolved into mists, and with a great sobbing groan, he saw the last of sea, and cloud, and rugged rock, and went down, down, down, (To belnotinueci.) 