WANPJK4MI,,. ;1 ;ASIA. s B:Tait son. JB t . rase CaesarnL :m. 1HBE MADUBA" TEMPLBiZ .I there inyyooei' engse e wh at teos time bu madesi 'intoeion'? journea. which, when looked back'upon..eemed to be oompletely 'i 'dream!. Thee are certain events in our lives which appear to .e now so shadowy and unreal that we can bhardly persuade ourseelv they are other than mere a visions, sometime pleasant ano rome times nightmares. Ihe last few anys I spent' in India 'ow look to me rather . a dream than as a reality. I had made my rrnergements to leave osta camund, spend a day at Trichiuopoly and Madura, proceed leasurely to Taticorin, giving ample time to see all the sights on the road. BtLI received a telegram from the agents in Toticorin tbht the steamer '= would leave earlier than ber.appotted date. is I therefore bad-to' bhrry on, leaving Trlotlii -opoly unvisited. What I saw. of that r town and fort i .tbe t distance made me regret exceedingly *that I had not 'time to stay, .but I consoled myself with the reflection that one Scnnot see everything in this world. We most be content to leave many thbing Sunseen we fain would see, and many things undone we fain would do. Life i. full of a. irocmpleteness, whether it be the splendid 1 career of world reforming wbich we fully t* intended to carry out when we were twenty e one, or the day's work in which something is omitted or left undone,. b ever shall I forget my -vist to .the t famous Madura temple. It is the ghost of Si memory rather than a memory itself in vision, a pbhatmamagotla, or any ,d other term you like- to- 'express-a ,: strange treoubled dreamhbardly troubled, at hbt---' wild. .. urelt." g?otesequoe; -1' t anived ai- Madura a ui before 10 o'loca t t attght,aidas aT wrist lea,.a Ittle bierfoe 5 o'loeck the next morning, the leiorablle necessities of cstcblng the steamer.ccm. n; pelling me, it followed that I traust see the Is, temple at right or nct at all. My resolutiot was soon made. Hiring a gbarry, I drove i firtof all to Ibe postmaster to inquire about to an urgent telegram. Jodging from the noise .Y requised to bring him to the front, be bad be evidently been sleeping the 'sleep of the I righteous. I felt ashbamed at distubing . him at this outrageously unoaficial hour; ii but he received me with the utmost courtesy, end what was better, banded me Is. my looked-for telegram. He was evidently rn greatly tickled at my expressed intention of re vishting the Madura Temple at night; and I wsa n ot"' sure bit he was getting be off a sly eiarastic joke' at" my expense when be infoimed me that at this hbor It would be a very remarkable sight indeed, if I could see it. This double meanirg phrase, "If I octld see it," routed er apprehensirns in my mind, but in five ie 'minutes afterwards all these apprebentions e bhad disappeared. We drove through a as targle of streets, when lol in the od starlight of' the eight there loomed up D? before my eyes the walls end gopuras, or 'Itowers, of the most famous temple in d. SouthernrIndia. I could only dimly see the k, strange elaborated carvings of the lower part, Sand I lamented greatly that the upper part was bidden in the darkness ; nevertheless, 'attentively regarding- the lower portions, be and following the olearly out outlines, I saw -e bow wonderful' the work was as a whole' at 'even hough the de'a 1n were lidfltinguish? id able. 'If, however, the outside pat of the' no temple was a disappolntmeret,the insade wea d not. I can honestly say thatif I had to see the interior again, and had to choose between of seeing it in the daytime and seeing It in the of night, I should tertainly select the niht. Among all the wobderfut things ,that' I had 1w seen in India, nothing was more wonderful than this sight.' 1 could nottell which way m, we went, for I was being guided by a most as affable Hidoo. I:. could not give any i elaborate 'de cription 'of'details, for they in succeeded one another in such bewildering rapidity, :bt the broad impression left upon ar, my mind was thati ever in mylife hadleaen anything so strange or so wonderful. We a't walked through long avenues. of pillars of tal almost every shape and form; -we passed by to the groteequest gods of any I had seen in ns Idla, not even excepting those of- the be avs. of Ellorm We entered at bthe great " main entrance, pl aing through a's" cofueo of ithre were few persona 'to be'seen, but long' Ig, rows of lighta, dimly illumining the oorrl h, dore and arches. Thtee were gradually extin. im gulthed ea we proceeded onwards. The ligh a became dimmer and dimmer, the shadows deeper. and deeper, until the only _ light we had was that given by the wretched e' little oil lamps we' carried in our hands r 'They lit up the huges ptllh close at hand;, er whilst behind us, beside' us, and before nu ou, was black darkness. 'Our own volcer be sounded strang.ly ssathey re-ecboed among at the pillars about as and from the roofa above ad us, which were lost in the blackness over. head. 'The sounds, of voaice afar off had S:esomething uncanny about them, until 'at Isat I begn 'to 'feel a curidus:tenalon of irenerves, which: I take it is :closely allied to i the sauperatitiol' fears of men walking er tbrodgh huirobyirds,' or 'visiting the cryptr irk and vaultof ian old oathedral about the hour he of mid.-fight. It Was with' a positivl or stars that: I suddenly became,uonsclous of twogreateacred elephants, stabled, if Imay.so ause the word. in one of the corridors along he side the large hall in whioh we were walking.. he These great brutes, with their small, bright; in peering eyes, their iestliet trunks awingýt?g ,, slowly like penlluos,' seemedto me lake a e coaupleof monsttroe demoha In thbi hall of n I.Hades, and thoughi they were doubtlesi in. teresting objects, I aonfei,s, rankly, to lh feelivg a toenie of qenlnerelWef when we Il got out of their reach., We wandered on and' on' until to my tmaginatico it ppeared as if we must nave traversed mils of these o halt asiddorridors.:' Welnspeoted gods and as goddesses. "'gorigoni and chimera alive," pillars'with, all sorts of strange deicesa' r, weird figures, urlous' 'arches, until the to whole thing seemed to me a whirl, pertly , hideas, partly fanItasti, partly ple ing, so tha when at Ist, li..'ke ent omloeg out from .the Inferno bhe hid so thiboughlyinvestigated, .and so' neorately a dearerlbed. "Thso sauing, we tgain beheld the stasre." I rejloed to behold the stare. 'd 'rejoefoed still more to get withlin the it friendly 'shelter of my ghairry, for I Id felt that: all the demons whloh had a. been heanuntiogmy excited iansginatich "or some time, back had no power over me when I wars afely within a vehiole'duly Slioensed by HIer.Mejesty' GO e, amenti Of all the plaes in -India whihob Iwouldmost Swilli revisit next t.the-Hilay?a, t he gorim Laj at Agei . and the won .der ,' emple ast Maditr ri, the tlwo r. thigs which '" wdld' destre to me wabove all othera, ' Bai~t if I' celd ii ' aitteTr aiiuand had time to study .11 more in t.hlemght e it. eas e t strangest, wees erpdenes iof my life. a -ar aou ion. ranooora. Ait-r a few hocrasleep I found myeelf on the followingl morings.a- route for a Lot?c?in. At one of the railway statrione I wa' Startled by hearig e(a fa' dla Salvation Aarmy tune at played .?pon .rome instrument 'whlob I i thbink war ' coret," butso mingled was Its melody that my ear wai.unabie o te.ll d anything beyond"tha fact tat- it ta g a no Slnstrument of some sort.. I oui did. ao : visible eais. though I looked all loogng the. ' t;ln'to see if lould dlaover either uInstr. Smeant or plaer. We arrived in Lltoo~ia r bout 'mddsay' a'd I: diaovered it to be r- an~ther of tb h d orts of Bohthun India It 'I.' ot as bed'as Madraa' hiving a hUarbour, t?bghabllow. 'Its shalownsne F can he judged frot t fact: teht teamere of only .00 ton-have.to. fie qffover four mill f.th-pier, ia +oederto load uand Soroad. : About 4 o'elook i the frae I made my waydown to the pier, ad whil?st isan1 ardtnhe rplleg for the launch wahb was to'at itht' the 'stemerw, I' a ui'moe s"traome r tip the dista e, followied. I at hand the myesry of the hmatsome o hbI I had beard ia the mo rn wa plai?ed. The r were tbre 8.vatoe Army fSiersa with their wine. The me were las ina elt iae stave e op witha thei'e deeti reit gusit'jsumspec l.l w ihdutoel~ohil* fawS lateiij tyhe litoer reade, int 1thy frost. Enl mnse, the aeond wobae m. m heir on, and the t wltrd wish bo ad fn . Thi m bad been tn lindia for soat ve years, tte woeere aeut s ex d:oths. I n aswer to my. boquec p told barefooted, llke nativen. l hosets ai d oshe ime fooith thm discovered that Our theory leader ofid the lerty that an Eogliman the second ustoes. we ricen, and the third a Canadian. The Englishman ad been o n India for abot flipt frothe otters about sIx reontbo. 'In answer. to my cthem.one, they told mem if theedin native bouepe ted onthem iberme food. He the time. whOur theory Is,'nd id the lender, "that If e are to reach this people we must eonferm to their amnoder and customs. Iexp: e rwi to reach ti heirs mpn , To we mit b we of the popa attd ot of prot foundm them." Ithat ad him ot tie genetiroves supportd them liberally. Her told me Io reptl th onarit 'at they bad cworn aiderable diffcullty; and often even now but re not ver fewithout more stron, bglyt that on the loked at theyse foundr lvatont surpply mend thwearingt a more generous spirit ?ae mnlfesting ltself saong bepeople. Later on I found them; heir aked feetreding the uame rin illon; their mlving depe of the var gene d rosm tiof poveryn Ch ken. To s gert theas lad would been matter of profound scqurid tbhatvnat o lne sees generous eld be fo.ivee; frtnde - and bellow little the Thmsonariesn re their work. but I nev or felt it more trongly than a I locked at these poor Salvation Army men, ouring coheer stumeery lo utterly of s trange to them; their raked feel treading the burning she tlltor living dependent on hb e mene? rostly ot poverty-stricken etrangers'; their food ech aneno workiu.g men ?n tbeir own landevd tonuld evaryen lookbut t their bo still the a squalid houe" that one sees everywhere, Sand themS Galave d 'curode out in asole Sticr r to l greativ de' friedin sle fellow igtway. of the n ?eteentho lofntry srid it Sshould chiseer fellowvery lover--of hites soe to mble the aprtoll succebirt or n of noble moen rnd woSrn never die r out. the objec's of Sdpevotion vary, but the devotaton Lrm stile the blsame. ct of the rode teut In shiningt armour to dogreat deeds be ary. the steame lmeh blofty spfori thate anbig imtemerd bl-selfan to rev pveit, love for his on tlloe pr ofma tome bp mble g toiler withut birth or n onee, ofd the modern Sir Galahad ipers found ntbrder the san Indiarlet Sjlatmper of the Sabiddting adirmto the the whblack I suppt of the ordinary Protbeent mive ooon or thand prietlyievedgarb of the omelian Sthousich father, e Quarwell to t oor later I found myself on I beard the steam launch wound for the ,s. t Putits. An hpoo r more the screw of -he C big "steamer began to revolve, and I stood on. the' prop' of the ship hid A ding frewelought to India. Oh the joyneducat of u It. I' remember readiog. in one of the a Indian paof per the Trtbrh" a rpee. Indian Stplanter, who was bidding adieu to the land P where I bapose he Ind iot a beense ofvery r found tankfoln relIed hrepeat that eeling whogover n th their l ad re wllold t akhis tre c very lre indues ms to ,send many years of St Iadith Yeut itr, it laugh wonderfutl mlrth, It and to leave In sod foume re d ec Is A dibI ought to explainto the neducated even dof orThe Telerestph" than a rope . Iel an not amoun tt Ifelt quitavel n o ther se asof the wor planter, make good ar that Ive 'turned my back upnft India witha sited of Slprofound of strange rlees, I trpert tht the Smen who governhts. Indi no earnt of their salaries. Sand it would take a very large salary to thende o beto spend many yeolour of my lifovemen Sin that lnd Yet t is a wonderful landerto Svlt mannd tolers ande. Incu soms. The grs i bl eveng of more Itere not than Europe tself, and no amount of travel In other psrta their ow beautie left Insh di enable unvisithem to; y a land of etrange racefootg wtrang re most o etrauinge sightIn any part of the world . n there o n een aulh color and movement as wen India, nowhere elh a ch wso otherful pe ariety of manther worland caustn riomval. The llrd th tf her wbuildiners of Inda thare not to be oompredto y fothe rea The past history of IndiEurope magntude, Sbt they hrillave their ownet, chanIthinkis nd be theirl rohiee, that thenable them to t and olorles prfoorityg will ite mdue timeo stand o grea l r inmme ap any o the world. The indescribable Himalayra aee beyont g wplonted by the paiti." They mart he seen, l and nheda een, the sight I such anot other Sseenof the' wortd whan rh isval. To bell toribe t other wonders of the'r orland musenti b 'dded e the urpadsg won dlier thature stre50,000,000 book nto re rl igiond by varyi handfl o the lowest fom of fthistory of lddie a i ip,l of thrilling interest, and I thick it n.y Iohbeammedly ropiseupd that the preanity; hquie e orand lorles 'prospertyd vill agen de timr t give way to slenesgt o just thrilliag inrofat g and great romance a any tht have been e witnieeed in the' pat.' There ar great ytret di ats of the earth, of who Aunoralia d and Canada ature the mot noted, wher Shistor ; thea blank, where there It little to Sbe seen except at which is tobe deoborteibr:d o tthe geographer or ienthe land. frHo di g treant i owdly ra. , therat prey of tretchin Sbackder, Into remote ages, religion varyg from Sthe loweat fort of fetishiam and devil woe stip, "'through Blodoolam, Buddhism: Muhammedanism" up to Christianity'; hi.. u tore cities, townbdon byillages rnthrogh paramout ths length Every breadt of th 'land thoart hih, tivity finds its re,' yen distivtly of the sn of ar, includes an arhitecture unque, orlignal,mero In baord, SIndian; the fell of the widei wonderfully varied, great 'deserte, great plain.. great rivn,'lvat mountains ; the chast sad present ofndof Ithe popl as varied ave the land, berom meek lokd cowardy races, the pret of everh day a expaderito are people who ele only houtld now In bjeind on by the g renga t w h ofle he rno munte rapower. Ea Ea ry breamnch om o be look tog nto sodme tiviy e kleidts re \+ etativein Idta. The me n of illart, sciene or literature, tatsmen, oldert, merohs, an Ia gite an'.ll ind' a t ldeing of theirouh knlowldge in the past and prelent ofIndiat neithe my land nor people; hot I roced, anlookhaod htbdetnllc of ald e t 'each day' SexpIrienoe* ae sharp andelely otaia d in m mind h t n ?l faet welle bem i da tob d-y ther aleauri of umory makIem I to he oiag in?o lamend srgum aledo tope I tgrt eis. poturequs Hmlaya vilag. . s I tomaP ecl . " " 