AN ARTIST AND HIS "GHOSTS- " Behind thb Soknrs in M. Van Bbbrb'h STumo. Tho following is the full report of the recent trial at Bruges, in tho course of which such curious revelations wero mado of tlm insido of M. Van Bcers'a studio. Tins clever bnt ecccntrio artist has had a considerable voguo of lain iu London, and nil purelmsors of >uh pictures will doubtless be interested in tho story, whieh ts iiiotructivo also as throwing a light, ou tho conditions of modern pioture- dcnllng, and m affording a parallel to a certain notorious case in London. Iu tho courso of lasc August M. Van Beers, while taking his holiday at Ostond, saw In a shop-window four pictures signod by his namo. Iio complained to the police, alleging that the piolurcs wore forgories. A prosecution was undertaken by tho authorities, and tho pictures wero soized, in accurdanco with a Belgiau law for tho protection of artists, passed in 1880. Tlio pioture-deulor said tlmt ho had held die pictures fur M. Bnudoin Roland, an Antworp denier. Tlio latter, who was thon prucccdod against, declared that; tho pictures wero authentic. Tho first witness when the caso camo on ab Braces, was M. Jan van B<-ers, tho plaintiff, who said: "I declare that threo of tho pictures seized bear a forged signature; as tn the fourth, which represents a Montenegrin girl, I- thiulr, on oxamiutng it, that it is authentic." Finnan ScinonowsKy, a painter from l'aris, said t I havo worked for sovcral years In Van Beer's studio, nnd hnvo nlsu painted ab homo for hltii, Ho oxploitsd my talent, and profited by it. I made copies of his pictures, and sometimes I painted pictures of my own, which Van Beers signed and sold as liis work. Van Boors sometimes touched up my work, but not always. -'I recognise my work in tho fourniotures now'.iu dispute," "Did .Van Beers touch them up?"— "I can't radar it: but I did nob writoVan Boon's signature. When tho pictures wero not' very successful, 'Vnn- Beers gvthts uamo' elgiied.to them by some ono else, sometlnqoa oven by his servant, . Ho did this in order to bo able to .repudiate jliem if necessary 5 thus ' ho said of his failures, 'Wo will mako. thiB iuto a falso VacBeoro.' - Thia wM'nn expression sacred to his studio. . I have done hundreds of pictures for Van- Beers; notably tho> Italian wbman who figures among -the four disputed oauvasos —I have reproduced her from a dozen to twenty tiinos. I made' over all my "pictures, unsigned, to Van. Beers."., V , - , ' By tho Fresidout : "So Van Bsere's studio was a manufactory of pictures 7 It was indus trial art!"- AVItnosst " Absolutely.'. Mi yan Beers, called to explain the last wib- l nosa'a 'evidence, fialtli "I have never sold a plc- 1 turoblgnod 'by mu y/itliout having first worked on id I imvo done aa "dldmany, old masters; 1 , Ifiuiahsd uicturo sketched oui by others, uS ,! 9 acknowledge that Efsman Seir.enowsky btf worked for me. It has happened that I iiave allowed some ono dsn to sign my nnmo to ag utisuccuBsfuI picture, hut this was a studio Joko which ought not to havo boon divulged." laul Dowltt, pamtcr. of Paris, snnl: "I have worked for M. Van Beurs. Fight or nine years ago an association was formed at 1 arts under Vun Buera's direction, of wlilah the solo nun was lo mainitaoLure Vun Beers. When Van Beers had finished an onginnJ picture ho told us off to make copies of It : Uicrn wcro half a-dozun of us kept for the Job. pomotuncs Van Beers toucimd 'up tho copies, but nut always. Sometimes also Re got ua to put hi signature to tho copies. According lo the ngreemcu t, we got half tho price eventually mid for tho pictures; hut at lost wo saw tlug Van Bt ew wa cheating us, and wo refused U work any longer, oxcupt fur n stipulated pried 1 am certain that the pictures in discusiio wore sold in this way, Tho pictures wcrt meant to pass for Van Boers." M. Van Beers, rural Url to givo further ex planations, said: " I did not employ half-a- dozen painters. Thcro were only M.M. busman Seinenowsky, Dewilt, Cogaert, and a fourth. I nckuowlircige thai tho picture manu factory existed ; hut the four pictures in question do not proceed from it," M. Van Goct-oiore, antiquary, of Antwerp, said: "I have also had a dispute with the bench at Mechlin on account of tho snlo of two Van Beers, of which lie liad contested tho authontlcity. Xhu caso was nonsuited." M- Vrankeu, barrister, of Autwcrp, defended the nccuird Baudoin-Rcdand. He argued tliab Van Boers, beginning to feel tlio disastrous re- sjilt of hh proceeding; had tried to get outof thoiu by denouncing the picture d«ilcra. M. Vrankcn Iiero read aloud thu minuteH of the Mechlin case. The facts wero exactly the same. M. Duwelz, the Crown Prosecutor, do- ciarcd that he was ignorant of tho Mechlin caso; and his reason for taking tlio present proceedings was to givo Vnn Beers nn oppor tunity of clearing himueif from tho grave ac cusations brought agAinst him, Tho com t thou acquitted M. Bnudoin- Roland, thu judge adding that "51 atiyoni ought to be prosecuted it should be Van Been himself, who had been convicted of committing forcerics upou hi own works." In nn issyoof tho Soir (Pnria), just to hand, wo find a letter from M. Vun Beer witli ro- forenco to tho nbovu case. Ho complains o! " inaccuracy" in the reports of tho trial, and makes tiio following explanation:—"! one. employed, in preparatory studies for certais pictures (generally women' heads) somo young apprentico, to whom I thereby did u kindness, But I always rc-paintecf tlieso hcodl boforo signing and selling thorn. Tliii w the truth. If I havo formerly permitted thesosketahes to be made, under my direction, and I positively declare that I havo nover sold one m niy name without: hav ing mado myself responsible for it by nn entire retouching-- aud giving to the purchaser a receipt written by my own liaud— is this any reason why I should allow inoio or less recent copies made without my knowledge to bo paraded as original? For no ono can ignore tlmt there exists — in Belgium as in other countries— secret studios where the best picture by popular artists are iinproixirly copied, and that my works in particular arc thus manufactured. Besides, If I u»o appren tices as accessories to a work, is not this what Rubeiis nnd Dumas pero did? to cite familiar and coiobrated examples. Unpretending though I am, hero I am in good company. And, finally, hero in a parallol to tho point. Would you say thnt a barrister carries on a 'manufactory' of pleading because he gots young student to prepare his briefs and ploadi from their notes ?" 