'Wicfcham Terrace Presby ? ? ? terian Church. On Friday night last the Rev. John M'Conncll was inducted us pastor of tho Wiok hum street Prt'sbvtoriun congregution by tho Rev. J. F. M'Swaroo. An impressivo sennou was preached by tbe Rot. Richard Korr, and addresses wero also given by tho Revs. A. C. Smith aud C. Ogg. The new minister was then presented with a gown from the ladies of tho church. Ho replied in feeling terms, and thanked them for their kindness. Immediately iouowing this Air. A. Bmitu presented tho Rev. J. F. 31'Swaino with a purse of 50 sovereigns, and this gift was ulso suitably ac knowledged. Tho church waa well tilled ut tho service, und tho now pastor was very warmly welcomed. The Rev. John M'Connell commenced his ministrations at tho Wickbuin terrace Presby tcriun-Church yesterday, when two appropriate sermons wcredclivercd. There wus a connection between tho two subjects of tho morning and evening services, that of tho morning baing ' Tho Sower,' and that of tho evening being 'The Seed.' They wero chosen chiofly us introductory subjects to his work, it being Christ's introductory parable. Tho rev. gentle man took for his text in tho morning tho third verso ef the 13th chupterof Mutthew, ' Behold a sower went forth to sow.' Ho took these words as a picturo of Christ, tlio Great Sower, tho Teacher sent from God. In the second part ho pointed out that Christ came to teach us well us to dio. Then again tho tower wob a pictnro of tho apostles, evangelists, and of all preachers of tho Gospol. Then the sower wus a picturo of ovory bndy ; we were all eowera of words and deeds. Then again in our influence upon ourselves wo wero sowers ; sowing either to the flesh toreap corruption or to tho spirit to reap life ever lasting. In theovening Mr. M'Connelltook for histe-xt,Lukoviii., 11., 'Now the parable isthis : The Seed iB tho Word of God.' Wo study the porableof the Eower, hoexplained, uudertho very great advantago of having Christ's own inter pretation. Ho becomes his own interpreter, taking ns like little children by the haud, and teaching ub his first symbolic lesson, lest in our ignorance wo should misB our way. Tho Son of God not only gave himself as a sacrifice, but ho is the instructor of the ignorant. All these interpretations of Mb in the few instances in which they aro given aro of great valuo to us, not only us hungry men needing the heavenly manna ourselves, but as soldiers of the King. We have, hesaid, in the 1 3th chap, of Mutthew'B gospel, a cluster of parables of which this of the sower is one. Christ was constantly preach ing with this aa His theme, ' The Kingdom of Heaven,' a phrase very often on His lips dur ing His public ministry. This is employed in vurious ways in tho Word of God. Sometimea it refers to tho kingdom of heaven, the homo of tho Vlest, tho place where saints and angels dwell, and where we are apt to imagine, too, the Lord of the universe holds His sceptre and court. More frequently it takes the meaning of tho kingdom of grace built up in the believing man'B heurt. No sooner docs a sinner find mercy than he takes Christ to be the king of his heart and accepts Him us the monarch of his soul, Mb will, his life. After quoting the passage about the kingdom of heaven not being meat nor drink, but the kingdom of joy and of the Holy Ghost, the rev. gentleman proceeded to remark that it was the kingdom by way of excellence, utterly unlike the kingdoms of the world, going forth conquering and to conquer, reigning und ruling in the lives of men. After pointing out i lie vurious kinds of soed tho sowor would bow, such as the seed of spiritual comfort in tho anxious troublod breast, tho sweet saving gospel of love, he remarked that the seed is given to us, we do not mako it, we can grow tho seed, but it inu6t bo from seed, tlio elements thut enter into tho constitution of the seed are in all around us, but all tho in genuity of tho most noteworthy cannot mako a single grain. Grain grows from seed in the ordinary process of nature ; if it Bhould grow without a seed it would be a miruclo, but it becomes evident that tho first seed did not crow from a seed, else it had not been the first. So the evidence of the first grain of Beed is evidence tha'. a miracle haB been wrought. Now, the Word of God, tho spiritual seed is as exclusively God's gift as the natural. Men could of themselves no more make tho gospel than make a single grain of wheat. The seed is tho Word of God, mudo by God — given by God, to bo Bown and ro-producod among the children of men. But, alas ! it is notalwaysso. HowinheditweroalwaysthoWord of Gcd that was seen. In this 19th century, with all the knowledge which husbeon obtained of God's Word, there is still more light to break forth therefrom. Let us, when it comes, intelligently recognise and manfully receive it, and never attempt the discovery of finality in the subject of divine truth. Speaking of Christ ho said-that He is both tho source, and tho seed, He ib the physician und tho medicine, tlio op pressed and tho victor, tho redeemer and the redemption, tho lawgiver and tho law. Hois Himself the Bower and Himself tho seed. Christ is the living seed, and tho Biblo is tho husk tliat holds it. The seed of the kingdom is Himself tho king. Nor is there anything inconsistent in rc-precenting Christ as tho seed, while Ho was in the first instance also tho sower ; bo certainly he preached the Saviour, and wus u3eo the Saviour whom He preached. Ho was himself tho preacher, and Himself the theme. Tho seed ho (tho preacher) would sow would be tho word us it is in Jesus, bo thut Bowing- the word of God ho would sow tho wcrd of Christ ; Christ in all the glory of His person and the beauty of his character, and tho grandeur of His work, and tho tenderness of His life, and the greatness of HiB power, uud the majesty of His kingdom, Christ tho son of man, the eon of God. Thcro were largo und uppreeiativo congregations at these sorvices. 