THE PRESBYTERIAN GENERAL ASSEMBLY- Tim Nkw ModkuatouYi Aunnnas. Uiu following is tho address delivered by thfc Ilov D. Al'KtmzIo, the now Mudorator. whiok was crowded out of our iouofnf yesterday Fathers and Brethren, -I tlmnlc you forthd honor you have conferral on mo 1.1 callnnr inn to occupy tuu chair. I nocupb it as a proof of your confidence, and u» such I value it moro tlmn I can say, I only wish that 1 could reasonably hopj to disuhnrge tho duties of the position witii any measure uf satisfaction to myself or to you. Thu highly croditablo manner in which thcao dutim woro performed by my excellent predecessor makes i& thn moro difficult for me to folluw lum iu tnis chair, t feel very muoh disponed to way with thn Koyal preacher: " What will the man do that comes after tlio King." I limit, therefore, crave your forbearance and your assLtnuco whilo I endeavor tu justify the coulidcuco you luivo no generously placed iu mo. I need nut hay that ic is causo for thankful ness tlmt tho duliborutioti!! of this assembly will.uot bo occupied with what aro called buru- ing questions. Mutters of very oousiderablQ impurtnueo will no doubt ougngo your atten tion j but happily thoro are no cases to bo dealt with, winch nro begotten of trouble, and contention and division. Tho exciting causes which bulked so hugely in tho discussions of recent years, aro no longer present to take up tho tiuio of the Assembly, and to hinder its deliberations on the practical lifo nud work of the church. Thero is a considcrablo amount of work tu bo done, and with our greater opportunities, it is tu bo expected that our proceedings will bo charac terized by carucstueaa of purpose and directness and enorgy. Tho business which wa nro met to tnmsact is the business of tho king, and concerns tho advancement of his kingdom of righteouBucss. We invoke His benediction 011 our deliberations, while with loyalty and lovo to the church of our faihoro wo ect our selves to tho work Ho has given us to do. Be foro indicating tlio subject on which I purpoeo addressing yon, I would ombraco the oppor tunity to express satisfaction Atthooettlementa which have taken place during tho year iq somo of our largest and most influential con gregations. A cnuto for thankfulness is tho settlement wnicti iins taken placo in thu ScoU' Church congrega tion, Tho exceptional circumstances connected with tho long continued vncancy ia that ohurch, gave occasion for considerable anxiety Wo aro truly thankful that it is a vacancy no longer, and that tho congregation under its new minister has already becomo large and prosperous Wo hail this settlement as nu event, iu which thu whole church feel deeply interested, whilo wo very cordially comrratu- Into tho Congregation on tho union between tho pastor and peoplo, and pray tu God ttiab thoy may havo have a long, a peaceful and a peaceful career. In aUudiucr to thu sottleinont of tho Hcot'n Church pastorate, it is only re filling that grateful reference should bo mado iu tuu oil nu, - iwi.o in xji. v/aincnm ijees and Dr Marshall Lang, who by thejt visit to tho colony and their manifold labors whilo hero havo laid the whole churoh under lasting obligation. Ib la largely owing to tin-so honored brethren that wu aro iu a position tu speak an we do of tho termina tion of tho vacancy, tho induction of (ho minister, and tho consequent prosperity of thd . congregation. And hero need I remind yon, fathers and brethren, of tlio lustorio intercsb which per tains to this general assembly. It is the year of tho jubilee of our church— an occasion suffi ciently important in itself to furnish tho sub ject or the address to bo delivered from this chair. It will bo my endeavor to givo a prac tical direction to tho reflections which this ovent will naturally awaken, and to improvo tlio occasion to Htimnlate and encourage your every in every good work. It is a somewhat singular oircunetauco that cq many memorial celebrations aontro in tho yew! of tins assembly. It would eeom ns though tho year 8S had nn outstanding placo in tlic history of the centuries, lb was, as you well kuow, in 15SS thnt> tho formidable Armada, equipped and sent forth by Philip of Spain for thu purpose of iuvading England and uprooti- ing the JL'rotcatatit faith, won shattered and broken nnd destroyed. It was in thu contury following, nnd in the same year, that 'William of Oiangn landed at Torbay, and was halloa as the deliverer of thu British uation, A hundred years later, in 1788. and the first British settles laitdoa on tho continent of Australia. And now |Q tho year 1SSS wo are privileged on a Church to acknowledge tho goodness of God in. thu first 00 years of our history, Il is a year of ma- morinlsnnd celebrations calling for special thankfulness and thinksiriviag and praise throughout the British Empire, and the tri-' centenary of tlio defeat of elm Armada, and the bicentenary of the Devolution settlcmnnv will bo gratefully aud npproprintdy celebrated. Whilo throughout Australia, thin the oon- tennial year of her history in being observed In a manner worthy of tho importance of tiio oc casion. This lnat— tliu centcnaryof the British otcupation of tho Australian continent— hoi been celebrated by a groat evangelistic effort' tnkon tin bv nil the Ghnrc!i<'i ntul nrnsnmifnd with, considcrablo success, Tho Centennial Mission, as it ir called, has been in mnny parti of tho colony largely assisted by Mr Geo, Olarlc, ovnugeliBt', from England, who has thrown himself heartily iuto tlm important work, and to quoto tlio words of Dr Campbell, convener of tho Federal Comimtico 011 Cen tennial measures, " has beon remarkably helped of God in arousing ptmple, both old and young to nmko sure of their iuterust in Christ without delay, and dovoto themselves to ids Hcrvice," But the occasion ailuoh con cerns us inoo immediately at present is the Jubileoot Fivsbyicriimimn in this colony of Victoria. It is with in to-day a .timo fotf reflection. Our uiinds go back over these past fifty years and recall thu circumntanceq in which thu I'reabvusrian Church A brief sketch of thesn early days may tioq be out of place, though any thing I can say may already bo wollknowu to fathers nua brethem of this Assembly. On the last Saturday of tho, '57, a few Scotch settlers held their first mcctintr for the iniblio worship of God, in a littlo weather board cottage, situated iu Molbourno. nud noti very far away from tlio place iu which wo ard met Tiio preacher on tho occasion was tlio Rev. Mr Clow, who 21 years later was elected Moderator of thu lirdt General Auscmbly, Tho congregation in that littlo woodoq . stucture, wvs of necessity email, though wO can believo that ib wan a fair reprrn sentatiou of the numerical strength or tho Presbyterian community in tlioau early days. Mum-lions Melbourne, of which w$ boast, was ns yet in its infancy, Tiio nito on which tho city utands, covered us ib iu to-day wi'tli palatral buildings ami largo commercial establishments, was ut that tunc, with tho exception of a few scattered huts, bare and unoccupied. The circuiintnncos in which that lirut meeting was held need nob therofors excite surprise. Au our thuughte reverb to that Sabbath imrmng, 50 years ago, wo foel impressed witii thu carneuturuis on iho part of tlieso Presbyterian pioneers to uphold then! religions faith forms of worahlp in tho now land to which thf.y had come. It was " tho Uav of small things"— tho number present ou that Oceanian was small, but wnnll as it was lb formed tho nucleus of a lurgo and influential congregation, which was one day to mako its luflueuca felt throughout tho land. Ib wos moro— it was tho bi-gumiue of a churoh which was to occupy a placo of importauco nnd pro minence. and to number Its adherents by thousands aud tens of thousands, I have reason to know that I am speaking in tho (hearing of noma who wero associatoa with that littlo gathering of worshippers In that lonely meeting house 011 that memorable Sabdny. But tho congregation on whiah nro thoughts nro centred was m yet wnhnub a pastor, and lb wan nob till tho middle of thu year '38 that tho Itov Jos. Forbes accepted a call which was adilresaed to liuu, nnd entered, ori his labours. Ho was thu firut Prc-sbyterlaq minister settled iu a charge, and thu pooplo t<j whom ho miniatured contributed tho Arab Pro by torinn congregation. It was designated tHq Scots Ohurch. the name it still holds and by which it is still known. Thojubileo wo cele brate is thus in a nud special houso, tbp jubilee of thu Scots Church congregation. The itov, Jus. Forbes, its first minister— and for more than twclvo moaths— thu only Presby terian minister deserve to be held in pratelM reineinbcratioo. Possoraor of rare gifts ana graces ho hod all tlio qualifications of a ttu? ioador of men, and w&o; eminently fitted to occupy the important, and. in many respects, very difficult position to which, in God's provi dence, he had been called, Man of consider able culture, of ripo Hcliolarehip, -of gonuuiq piety, and of groat organising power, ho was iiro-emiucntly the right man ra tho right plaoe. \Vo revere tha memory of this faithful man of God, whilo wu arc deoply sensible of tho nobis service ho rendered to tlm cnaso of our Pres byterian Ohurch. HU wrro tlio bands tu plant deep on this now land tlio Preabytcriamam of Knox. Henderson and Chalmers, and to up hold the honor of tho ca'tae, which ia no. dear toua all. Wo have no timo to purnuo at greater length our refloctioim on tho ciroum- stancaa in which thnt bravo pioneer pursued lib bulf-duuyiug labor in imnistoriug to the spiritual wants of our people Suffice it to sny that, with tha arrivals of brethren from tliu ahurcb at home. New congregations wero formed and now settlements wero made, and thu caus? grew iu nmubera and iu influence. Nothing of Hpccial interest transpired till tho cxoitemoat arose ovor the discovery of gold, aud multi tudes flocked to these whores, incited by the desire to participate in thn noho which were KuppGHcd to be no easily acquired. Tho con- sequence was thnt thu population was largely uugmunted. mill ib vnk impossible for a time, to supply tliu flpiritunl wants of our ' peopla. Tlio various uections of tho Ohurch m vha homo country, alivo to tha necessities ol tlio situation, gave of their lnoapf nnd their men . tu prosecute thi Word ol God, with Bpecml roferonoo tu tho necessities (if our Presbyterian com munity. In onu time the uniuu of thu various dnnoininatiunR was projected nnd war even» tuolly accomplished. At a distance of nearly 30 years from tho timo of that ovent, we can attest to tiio happy inutile of whloh it has beon 1 productive. We look bnd; to It us an oooa sion big with iutereat ami as tho tunuguratlOB of an era of progress and prosperity. Wo haft no misgivings in regard to thu wisdom of pA icutitiff «i»fl imruumor theso luigoliatlontj for union. Wo boliovo timt ib was Uio right thiuff loiiu. Ah ,i matter of faofc, llm ciuiao ol Pies- liytnriwiisni was greatly Ktrungtlinncfl by ib. Itgnvonn impetus to tho liberality and ac tivity oi our people in nil parti of tlm colony mid was In ovary way mi occasion of bluBsiiijj many tiling had to be dune, Tlio foundations of tlicuhurcli in its now character hiul to bo laid afresh. The initial dillluultioa of pliiuting and erecting of churches and schools and nuuwB Imd to bo undertaken. and thero was no luck of willingness and libnraUty. Our church to-day, -with its educational institu tion?, its financial reauurcos, and extoiisivo properties, is n witness to tlio great things wllich havo bneii/hmo, things wliioh may well bo accepted as ovidunco of tlio power of tho old Goanel which enters into tho church's faith, what theso pnBt 00 years liavn semi of good done, and what lmvc been tho spiritual nsults of our ministry, ib is nob given uh to know. Spiritual results cannot with any degree of accuracy bo tubu lated. Doubtlcas God has spoken through us to multitudes, and has umtla us instruments of hlt'SHing. Wo recall the past with gratitudo. Wo only regret that it has not been more fruit ful of good, and that wo Imvo not tlmm more, far more, for Him, whoso wo are, and whom wn serve. It is a t ime when our hearts should f;n out in thankfulness. At tho close of theso i0 years we may well exclaim, "The Lord lialh douo great things for us, whereof wo nrn glad." And yet, fathers and brethren, our gladness to- day is somewhnb shaded by momorlos of theso departed years. As we look around us on this assembly, v/o are reminded of familiar faces that arc to be seen no more. The absence of honored brothern who were wont to tako part in cur deliberations is sadly Biiggcstivo of tho loss which timo after time wo novo suHtaiued by tho removal of fathers and brothern from amongst us. " Thank God, thu work goes on." As tlio inscription on tlio monument to tlio Wcsloys in Westminster Abbey appropriately puts ib 11 God buries tho workers, but lie comos ou tho work." Yet do wo miss the men who, . by their wisdom and their worth, thoir pioty and their prayers, their oloqucncn and their earnestness, did no much to strengthen and establish tho influence of our Presbyterian Clmrcli. On looking around us to-day wc feel disposed to oxolaun with. tho llcbrow prophet, "Your fathers whero aro they, mid tho prophets do they hvo Tor over?" Cairns and Hctherington, Mnckio and Mcnzien, Henderson and Kinninmonb,nud many others wlio might bo named, who stood m tho front ranks of our ministers, linvo fallen hi sloop, and havo ontcrcd into tlich- rest and their toward. David Ogilby, John Ogdvy, Geo. Duncan, J. 0. Lloyd, and many mora from tho eldorshin who sorvod tho church faithfully and well. Wo remember tlicm to day. Though (load tlioy yot speak, solemnly re minding us that the plnco which known lis to day will soon know us no more. Verily, " All flesh Isgraae, and nil tho gocdlincss thereof as thoflowcrof tho field. Thu grass withered) and tlio fl.nver fadetli, bub tho Word of tho Lord Jesus Bhnll stand for cvor." So much for the retrospect of thoro CO years. And now alxmt our position to-day? Our brief history has been, as wo havo seen, a history of progress. Every succeeding year has seen us extending our borders and increas ing our activities. . Wo look about us to-dAy with a feeling of pardonable prldo on the growth of our congregations, many of which have grown into their present dimensions with- in tlio iaat fow years. It is witli n feeling of satisfaction that wc noto tho gradual iucrenso of our funds in connection witli the various schemes ' and operations of tho church. Wo point with a degree of pleasure to our educa tional institutions— our Scotch College— tlio Ladies' College — tho Ormond College, and to our Theological Hall. Tlwreismuoh— vorymucli— at tlio end of theso 50 years to evoke our warmest gratitude io God.' Wo may well raiso "ourstoucof remembrance" and write upon ib "Ebenozor," saying, "Hitherto lintli tho Lord helped us." And need I say, fathers and brethren, that it was under tho promptings of this feeling that this General Assembly ilireo years ago resolved on instituting a "Jubilee Thanks giving Puud." There is no need to vindicate the wisdom of the resolution. Ib cominuudn itself to'our nctiso of duty and obligation, and cannot fait to nvoko a ready and liberal re sponse from a loyal people. What lias been actually done in tlits direction will bo told us. I will not, anticipate. tho report which will be laid holoroyou by tho excellent and indefati gable ( oonvmmr of tlm Jubilee lihind Coinniitteo. Wo venture, 'however, to ohunsh tho hopo that this laudable effort will bo crowned' with complete success.. Other denominations less able than ours Imvo laid their Jubilco thanks offerings, consisting of large andprincclycontributiom. before llieLord in acknowledgment of His gooaness. And will' it l)o said that wo liave ignobly failed, and that onv peuplc— many of whom havo been abundantly prospered— will in tills matter bo behind other churches ? Hub we do not anticipate failure. Par from it. Wo confidently cherish tho conviction that dm nmmmt aimed at, LGQ.OOO, will nob only be readied, but oxccedcd, dud that whou the final report Ib. given in, wo will havo abundant causa for gladness and rejoicing. I do not stop to recall tho highly useful pur poses ti which this fund is to bs dovotcdi Suflico it to, Bay that .our position will bo grently strengthened, and our means of extending and increasing our agencies throughout tlio colony will be greatly augmented. Much remains to bo done. With, all tho progress wo lmvumnduiu tlicBQ pastyenrs, our growth lias not been what it might have been hud thoro been Inrgcrrcsourcesntour commnud.. The work of church oxtonsion Imsbecucripplnd by thu want of men and tho ,wuut of means. Our Hume mission operations havo not had that sympathy extended to them winch their importance claims. It i» high timo that wn wcro awake to thu necessities of tho position, and that wn had resolved on adopting a bolder and a more nggrnasivo policy in the prosecution of our mission. Fathers and brethren, leb ub as at this Assembly, on the occasion nfour jubilee, in augurate a liow orn, of progress and activity, witli the result that in -cities and their suburbs, in town uwl country, reports will bo made year by year of now charges formed, festered and established. Lot. us ring out tho watchword in a spirit of tho deepest earnestness, " Peace, Progress and Prosperity," Yet, while wa desiderata a greater activity in the efforts niado to extend tho church through out pur borders, tho position wo occupy to day c.ui bo favorably compared with that of any former peilod of our history. As regards tho training of our students for tho Ministry, tho Theological Hall has been of late years placed on a more favorabio footiug, though tho airnngomonts canuot bo said to bo altogether satisfactory. Our professors need assistance. Tho work laid upon tiiemis too much' for any two men, no matter how dhtiugufched thoir abilities and how great their rcsourccs,- Thore is need for the establishment of a third chair. This, necessity you will bo invited to consider in tho course of the business of tins Assembly, and ic will, no doubt, receive Eour most serious attention. Every thiugshould o dona to have our hall thorougly oquinped. Wo are lookiug to tho young men who tiro rising up around us to bo tho future occupants of our pulpits, audit is of supremo itnnouanco that their theological training should bo most effective and complete. It is, indeed, causo for tliQukfutuusH that so many of tho students of our owu training havo proved themselves so efficient as ministers of tho Gospel. Hot a few of theso young men occupy some of our most important charges, uud havo been must successful. Theso numbers aro every year bo ttoming larger. To-day they constituto nno third of tho entire number of. our ministers. In these circumstances tho training of our Btudonls becmica a subject of tiio greatest im- Ixirtatioe, and is deserving of our most thought- u! and earnest consideration. As for tho doctrinal position winch wa as a Church occupy to-dny, it continues in all tho essentials of rovcnlcd religion tho same. Wo havo not departed from our old faith in tho Divino person of Christ and tho atonement made for tho sins of tho world. There is no oliango in our convictions regard ing .tho way of Salvation and tho regene rating influences of tho Holy Spirit. The Gospel received amongst us to-day is tho Gospel of forgiving grnco— based on tlio great fncts of Christ's Jcath and resurrection and ascension to glory. Wo nro still in all that Is fundamental at ono with evangelical Christendom, while our doctrinal stnndurds are substantially tho samo as the 'standards of the grant Presbyterian family throughout tho world now as tbou— fiO years ago— wo bclteve.hnd maintain thegospel of the bgcs. Jesus Christ the saino Yesterday, to-day, and for ever. Father and brethren, I have already retained you too long. A few words more and I will bring this address to a close. And tho ques tion presses itself on our thoughts, what is the future of this church to bo ? What ? That a great future is in store for it wo do not doubt. Woseo in tho distance a church far larger in numbors and far tidier in re-, sources, far more cxtonsivoin its operations, and far inuru widely represented than ib is to day.. Bub her success will depend on her fidelity to tho truth and ou her spiritual power, Iheso two things are essential to success and prosperity, God's blessing cannot rest on an unfaithful Church, and if over tho day should come— which God. forbid— when a departure from # the great essential doctrines . ot Christianity will bo tolerated in our pulpits, it will bu tho beginning of the end, Yuu may: then write over its portals tho inscription,. Ichabud : the glory is dopnrtcd." But with, faithfulness in doctrine, thoro must bo spiri tuality. It is not enough to contend for sound ness in the faith if we arq to preserve and maintain our influence ou a Church of God, Wo must bo living witnesses to tho power of the gosuel. Hero lies tlio chief sourco of our strength, and for this wo inuBt invoice tho presence, and tho power of tho Holy Spirit, 1' others and brethren,, wo need to bo baptised with tho Holy Ghost, with flro— "Let but this baptism descend." and, as William Arthur puts it in his work on VTho Tongues of Fire," Let bub , this , baptism descend," and thousands of us who up to this day are bub common plnco .. oo weak ministers such as might easily pass from tho memory of wnukind, would . then become mighty. Men, would wonder at us aa if wu had been mndu anew, and wo ahould#woudor not ab our- solves, but at tho grace of God which could thus transform ua." What this Church will bo DO yofirahcnoo wo. cannot tell, but with. faith in God and in tho power of His Spirit wa will antioipata great tilings Wo will look forward to a Church whose numbers will bo largely augmented, whose activities will bo laigely increased and whose spiritual li o will bo conspicuous fpr its vigor and intensity. „ God Almighty— the God of .our fathers- grant that such a future may bo in -store for our beloved Zion. Mny'ib uo that our child . ven and our children's children ..wHl havo a prido in spoalring of tho Church in which they imvo been born and bred, and may our fondest niul our most sanguine nnticipations bo movo than realised. Father-: and brethren, "pray for tlm peaco ol Jerusalem. IVnoo bo witnin thy walla nud prosperity within thy palaces. For my brethren and companions' snkes I will now say pcaco bo within" thee. llo- causo of tho homo of tho Lord onr God I will seek thy good." Wo havo had our times of troublo and tlilll- culty in tlio past, mid thoro may como such times ugain; bub our trust ia In Jlun who has hitherto guided, sustained us, And wo know Hint Ho will not fail us in our need. Tho Lord hath been mindful of ' its and Ho will, bless ub still. Bo this our supplication as wo nrieo from tlio reflections of theso past DO years. Mako us glad according to tho days wherein Thou luisb allliotud us, and tho yenrs wherein we havo seen evil. " Lot Thy work appear unto Thy sorvants and Thy glory unto thoir children, and let tho beauty of tho Lord our God bo upon ub, and establish Thou tho work of our hands upon us ; yea, the work ot our hands establish Thou it." In accordance with a resolution ot tho last General Assembly, wo begin onr proceedings by tho celebration of the ordlnnnco of tho Lord's Supper. The good Lord grant His blessing with tho holy service, and excite in our hearts feelings of lovo nud devo tion to tin name. And may tho gracious influence of this renewed dedi cation of ountuivna to His Rcrvico give a tone and character to nil tlio subsequent proceedings of the General Assembly. And ' now unto Itim that is ablo to do exceed ing abundantly above all we nnfc or think ac cording to the power that worketii in us. Unto llim on glory m tho Oliurch by Christ Jesus throughout nil ages, world withuut cud. Amen." 