iveiigion ;md riiihuitliroDv.! Love to an TTnseen Saviour. Br Bev. Feeocs Feequsox, D.D., Of Montrose street, Evangelical Union Church, Glasgow. Whom having not seen ye love; in whom though now ye see Him not, yet believing, ye re joice with joy unspeakable and full of glory; re ceiving the end of your faith, even the salvation of your souls.—l Pet. i. S, 9. "]*/f AN physically is much the same to-day as jjji he was in the first century of the i Christian era. His blood circulates; his heart j beats; he remembers and reasons as he did | then, and still his eyes look upwards to the ; heavens, unlike the downward gaze of the ir- J rational tribes: and therefore the Greeks gave ' him his characteristic name authropos, the being j with tho upturned countenance. Now, Christian I' man, in like manner, is to- day just what he was > in the Apostle Peter's time. The blood of ' Christ may be said to circulate in his spiritual veins; his heart beats warmly with love to his Saviour, and his face as he prays, glows with holy ardour and is oft- times bedewed with the tears of holy joy. In endeavouring to open up and apply this passage of Scripture I shall notice—1. That the Christian believes in Jesus Christ although he never saw Him; 2. That he loves Jesus Christ, although he never saw Him: and 3. That he rejoices in Jesus Christ, although he never saw Him, " with joy unspeakable and full of glory." 1\. That we believe, though we never saw. When the Lord said to the man who had been bora blind, " Dost thou believe on the Son of God?" the answer was given, after a little ex planation, and as he gazed upon the face of his deliverer, "Lord, I believe." But we 'Europeans are colled upon to believe, like these inhabitants of A«fa Minor, although we have not seen. We should not count this a hardship, since we every day believe in places and peoples whom we have not seen. Thus, you all believe that there is such a city as Borne, although few of you may have seen it. You believe, afso, that a pontiff rules there, the successor of a long line of ambitious priests; and that before them a long line of emperors and consuls held sway in the city of the seven hills. Now, just as there was a spot near the Roman Forum, which was called the centre of the Empire, and towards which all the great pavemented ways converged, and from which distances were reckoned, so we call upon you to believe that there is a metropolis in the universe called heaven, where the glory of Jehovah is specially manifested, and!"towards which the angel-trodden highways converge; that there one infinitely higher than emperor or pontiff reigns—the Lord Jesus Christ, " who died for our gins according to the Scrip tures, was buried and rose again according to the Scriptures, "and "Isno werenat the righthandof God making intercessicm for us.'' But in these days of widespread scepticism men object and refuse to believe, in the first place, because the events as to which we ask their credence happened so long ago. But if you believe that Julius Cmsar fell at Pompey's pillar pierced by traitorous wounds, surely it is not more difficult to believe that about the same period in our world's history the Lord Jesus Christ died on the cross of Calvary for the sins of the world. It is objected, however, in the second place, that we ask faith in something supernatural concerning Jesus Christ, the like of which is not to be fonnd in the history of Julius Caesar —namely, that He was raised from the dead, and that He ascended into the heavens. .Quite true; but we afford, or rather our God affords, evidence correspondingly strong. For here we have 12 men who had coznpanied with the Christ during the years of Hta public ministry, who knew Him intimately well, hut who came forward and declared that they saw Him after His resurrection, bring certified of His identity by many in fallible proofs, and who were willing to go, and actually did go in several instances, to prison and death rather than retract their assevera tion. Assuredly if they died for a lie, the moral miracle had been greater than the physical. The great Dr. Arnold, of Rugby, died suddenly—little above 40 years of age— worn out before his time by many labours and anxieties. He had been giving his senior boarders a walk the night before—a beautiful summer's night—and had been pointing not to them, with enthusiasm, the scene of one of Cromwell's great victories near the town ; but the great spasm of the heart seized him in the middle of the night and before medical aid came he died. Just before he breathed his last, how ever, his wife heard him speaking to himself, and, bending down her ear, she caught the words: "Blessed are they that have not seen and yet have believed." Why was this quota tion so appropriate on these dying lips ? Hie biographer, the late Dean of Westminster, gives us to understand the reason. He had been troubled with doubts, but as a scholar he had weighed the four Gospel* in the very balances in which he had weighed the histories of Herodotus and Thucydides, with which he was so well acquainted; and be bad reached the conviction that these sained narratives were as truly composed in the first century of the Christian era as the Greek histories hnd been composed 500 years before. Thus all his doubts had vanished, and he was enabled to meet death peacefully, pillowing his head on that precious Beatitude, which I have twice quoted, "Blessed are they who have not seen and yet have be lieved." But the faith that pleases God is not a mere conviction that the sacred oracles are true—it should include also a hearty acceptano of Christ as a Saviour for our own sinful souls It is one thing for you to believe that a certain individual is the richest man in the city, and quite an additional thing if he, hearing of your straits, should write you to go to the bank and draw on him to any amount. And suppose you had really never seen the rich man, but had only heard of his goodness, as jou found all your wants supplied at that bank, you would resemble these primitive Christians who were thus addressed: "Though now ye seo'him not, vet believing, ye rejoice with joy unspeakable, receiving the end of your faith, even the salva tion of your souls." May the Holy-Spirit bless this view of Divine truth to those who hear me. II. I come now to tlio second point, namely, that although these Christians had never seen Christ, thev, nevertheless, loved him. Peter had stood face to face with Christ, and when the question was put: " Lovest thou Me ?"he, looking on Him, had answered: "Lord, Thou knowest all things, Tbou knoweBt that I love Theo." But although these primitiveChristians had never seen Christ, this very apostle who had loved beholding, says of them: " Whom having not seen ye love." It is possible, then, to love those whom we have never seen. The experience is felt every day. For example (I), men love unseen benefactors, and it becomes ub to love the unseen Saviour—the greatest Bene factor of all. When the emaniciparion of the West Indian slaves became an accomplished fact, the liberated negroes in their humble dwellings loved the men who had done so much for them, and suffered so much for them. They had never seen them, and yet they loved them. The tidings had been wafted over the blue sea of the persistent and prayerful labours of Clark son, Wilberforce, Brougham, Thompson, and others; how they travelled many weary miles on their behalf, addressed crowded meetings, were hcoted and pelted for them in the public streets, and subjected often to cutting social in dignities. But they bad triumphed over them all, and had eventually persuaded the British Parliament to pay down £20,008,000 to the planters by way of compensation. And when the celebrated first of August came, when the Emancipation Act was to take effect, wherever the clock struck 12 at night, all the plantations rang with the cry, "Wo free; We free!" Sow, if they had such love for their earthly liberators, should not wo yet more ardently love our heavenly Liberator, whom, in like manner, we have not seen ? Is not the slavery of sin more dreadful than that of mere bodily bondage r The iron fetter may bold tie flesh," but the inward fetter, because self imposed and madly loved, is far more dreadful that holds the soul. And on every ride the woe of this bondage filled the world; when Jesus flew to our relief what labours He en dured for us! What contradiction and con tempt and contumely of Binners against Himself, And what a price he paid for our release. Twenty millions looks a email &um;, indeed., when comuared with the giving of Himself as a ransom for all: for " we were not redeemed with corruptible things as silver and gold, but with the precious blood of Christ, as of a lamb without blemish aud without spot." When, then, waking up to the liberty wherewith Christ makes free, we leave the prison- houseof selfish ness aud sin aud inhale the fresh air of this glorious spiritual emancipation, shall we not love our Divine Redeemer, although Him we have never seen? 2. But let us introduce another element into the claims of the ascended Christ, jand consider that He is alsoabrother un seen. l'f wecouldgetaglimpseofheavento-day and contemplate our Savour on the throne, our hearts would glow with increased love towards Him, not only because He had died for us, but because yonder glorious Being, in the midst of adoring cherubim and seraphim, is clothed with our very nature, has a body like M in fact, is a brother born for adversity. It sometimes happens that an unforeeen bene factor is also an unseen brother. I knew a family in this city, the elder brother in which had gone out to an Indian appointment before the younger members of it were horn. Their father died before he conld be called an old man, leaving a widow and large family without great resources. But thus elder brother struck in and did a father's part. He sent home re mittances quite regularly, which maintained, clothed, and educated the younger children, and, as the daughters grew up, and were, one alter another, married, be 6ent them special presents for their marriage outfits. Oh, how thev loved him, although they had never seen him. At length they wTOte him to Bi nd hit photograph that they might become familiar with the lineaments of his countenance. He replied that the climate was rather unfavour able for photographic success; but such as be could get be sent. I was in the house when the expected likeness came. How disappointed his brothers and sisters were that it was so dim. Yet how eagerly did they hang over it, striving to gather from the indistinct outline some idea of the face. And all because they loved him, though they had uot seen him. Does not my parable ouce more suit? Is not this Jesus whom we have never seen occupied in high heavenly administration? And as Joseph's brethren, when their fears had all been qua" and their tears all dried, were proud to th that their brother was Egypt's premier, n we not rejoice that our unseen Jesus, with a brother's love burning in His heart towards is on the throne of the universe. Has not 1 brother made this world a Gosrhen of grace us? TTna He not clothed us with 1 righteousness, educated us by His spirit, roa tained us bv His goodness, and fitted us i for celestial'nuptials? Therefore, though yet unseen, we love Him dearly. And woi we be afraid to see Him ? No; we would ielighted to see Him. -whether He ehould eo Le visit us or take us to visit Him. Supp that the Indian officer, by whose kindnes aave been illustrating this particular pcint ny discourse, had written to his young brother that he longed to see him, suppose a that then he had sent money for his journi md that when Bombay had been reached, f Benjamin of the family had seen a xniliti nan standing on the pier with a retinue wrvants behind him, and had observed t 'trikingr family resemblance, would he ha jeen afraid of him ? No, he would ha "Ufhed towards him, fallen on his neckband e daimed, "Dear brother, whom having i »een X have long loved.'' Why then »boi he Christian be afraid to die ? What is det ^ut his dear brother sending for him. whom vaa long loved, not having seen hint, t whom he will be delighted to 6ee? Further, the believer loves Christ though ias never seen Him, on account of his beau] Benefactor, brother, beautiful; X have c : eignedly chosen alliterative Vords to impress the claims of Christ to affection the more ; readily on your . memories. It sometimes ; happens that men become enamourod of distant beauties whom they have never seen by tho mere description of their charms. But I am not referring hero to physical beauty, although I believe that it culminates in our Saviour in its highest degree. Ho is " the chief among 10,000, and altogether lovely." I am referring to moral or spiritual beauty, which also is to bo found in Him in absolute perfection. Wo sometimes fall in love with tho character of men whom we havo never seen. "When wo read the memoirs of Wesley and Fletcher, Baxter and Howe, Whitfield and Jonathan Edwards, and observe their deep spirituality of mind and thorough consecration to God; although we have never seen them we love diem. When, for example, I lovo th^ resolutions which tho great and good Jonathan Edwards wrote down for the guidance of his life on July 30, 1722, 1 cannot but love him, though I never saw him.' They read like the resolutions passed at a meeting; and so they were—the meeting being held between God ai d his convcuauting soul. 411. Resolved—That I will do whatso ever I think to bo most to the glory of God and my own good in the whole of my duration. ... 5. Resolved—Never to lose one moment of time. 6. Resolved—To live with all my might while I do live. 7. Resolved— Never to do anything which I should be afraid to do if it were the last hour of my life." I say, when 1 read 6uch resolutions, indicating deep holiness of heapt and life, although I never saw the man, I love him. But, alas! all these good men would likely have some faults and defects known to their most intimate friends. Perhaps one or two of them might be a little hasty in temper, and others might seek too eagerly the favour of the great. Jesus, however, is infinitely perfect. There are spots in the sun, but no spots in the eun of righteousness. Does not the picture of the ideally perfect Christ rise up before your minds in times of special insight and wrapt contem plation? Do you not think you see the all glorious Christ, and does not the sight by anticiDation tend tn mnVo wm Wtw" anticipation tend to make you "li£e Him; when you thus "sseHitn as He is." When I was a boy at college I recollect that, on coming out from the senior Greek class room, after reading in the charming history of Thucydides, I would hear the young men, my fellow students, thus questioning one another: " Which of thesecharacteis do you like best?" One woulc reply: "I like Pericles beet;" another preferred Alcibiades; while a third would go i nrThemistodes. Even at this day there are men who fling up their caps for Carlyle oi Ru&kin;, Tennyson, or Browning, preferring the one or the other of these rival moralists or poets. But, if you ask me whom I prefer of all tho philosophers, or orators, or philantrophists that have appeared on the face of the earth, I give my vote to Jesus, and I hope that you give yours too, " whom having not seen, we love," and in whom beholding, as ia a gloss, the glory of the Lord, may we be "changed into the same image, from glory to glory, even as by the Spirit of the Lord.'' IIT. I now come to the third and last point —namely, that though believers never saw Christ, they rejoice in Him with joy unspeak able and full of glory. A doubtsome faith, leaving a man uncertain as to whether he is saved or not, is not countenanced in the Word of God. If the Apostle Peter were in the world to-day, and were writing-an epistle to Chris tians in London and Manchester and Glasgow and Edinburgh and New York, he would expect that the words of my text, from the beginning to the end of it, should apply to them all, as truly as to the Asiatics to whom he addressed this letter. Further, the New Testament docs not discourage ecsUcy and transport in religious experience. It expects "joy unspeakable" in the heart of the Chris tian! And if we sec men and women in tumultuous joy, making processions and waving banners in honour of Bruce and "Wallace, Tell and Garibaldi, whom they never saw, have we not infinitely greater cause to rejoice in 'present salvation and the hopo of future glory through an unBeen Christ. The salvation, which is said in the 9th verse to be received by the believers, is of this twofold character, graco here and glory hereafter—like Germany, a good deal of it on this side of the Rhine, but much the greater part " beyond the river." When the foreman of the jory 6ays "Not guilty," the prisoner leaps up in the dock with joy uuspcakablc. When the physician, feeling the pulse, says to the anxious patient: " Your symptoms are much improved to-day; in fact, you are out of danger, and will henceforth progress to complete recovery," his joy ia unspeakable. Now, what ia holiness but wholeness in health?—the great blessing which we receive at the cross, the salvation of the soul, the pardon of sin and the accompany ing indwelling and renewal of the Holy Ghost. But the beat ia coming yet; the joy is also " full of glory." We are down in the valley; but the hilltops are already radiant with the rising orb of eternal day. Beyond these hills our Redeemer is preparing a place for us. We have not seen him or it yot; but we shall see both soon. As much is implied in the monosyllable "now." Not now, but afterwards. Let us, then, rejoice with joy un speakable and full of glory." 