Chapter XX.—The Vebjmoi» ' The hoar of the inquest had come, and~all Waimsbury and the adjacent neighborhood was .In a state of tlie Trildest excitement.'- ' : .The great criminal lawyer who had come i down from London to watch, the' case on behalf of Beautiful Jim, had given him as his one two words—u absolute silenceand upon that line his client behaved; V,,, There was a stormy scene with .Private Leader, who swore and forswore himself until he was threatened with contempt of court, and was finally bundled unceremoniously out of it as a witness who was nothing better than an idiot; and.his unwilling and confused evidence was the only evidence which/bore in any way against the character of the dead man's friend, James Beresford. . On the other hand, there was the testimony of the officer commanding the regiment that, since the time'Captain'Owen and Lieutenant Beresford had been in the service they had been on terms of unusual intimacy; that, on his oath, he believed they had never either quarrelled, or had any approach to a quarrel, during all the years they had been officers of his regiment, and that so far as he knew, Lieutenant Beresford had never had any qnarrel or unpleasantness with any other of his brother officers. .• Then came the evidence of the other officers whose quarters were on the same landing— namely, the doctor, young Manners,, and Tommy Earle. The doctor stated that he occupied a room overlooking the barrack-yard, and next to that of Mr. Beresford. Ho was, therefore, 'the furthest away from the room in -which the murder had taken place. It was Captain 0 wen' a invariable, or almost invariable custom, to spend' the last half-hour of the evening in Mr. Beresford'a room. He frequently joined them there, but on tbat evening he was very tired. He had had a dangerous case under his care for some days previously, and had not had much sleep the two nights before; " But you were invited' to enter HivBeiea* ford's room?" • .• '* "Certainly." - ' "Andby whomr" •' r " Well—practically by both of them-,M • • " Can you give us the exact terms bf the invitation ?" . "Oh, yes," answered the doctor, quietly J ".I went up the stairs with Captain;Owen. Mr. Beresford was immediately behind us. I said,'1 Well,T'hr off to hed; good night,*all of you.' Whereupon Captain Owen returned, 1 Oht don't go bed yet, come in and smoke a pipe with us.1 ; Mr. Beresford . supplemented the invitation by taking hold of. my arm. < Yes, come in for half an hour, there's a good cb*p,' he said." " " But you did not go r" ... "I; did not. I told them, that I was dead tired; that I had been up the greater part of two nights with a bad case in the hospital,'.and wanted to get to bed while I had the chance," Dr. Foster answered.. " Sp.I hade them good night and went into mv own room." . " And that was the last time you saw Captain Owen r" . " Alive," replied the doctor. "And. you heard ho quarrelling or any dis pute between them ?" ' "Xotaword." « .• : .Could any such quarrd have taken place in Lieutenant Bcresford'a room without your knowledge?". , "Xthinknot." • "But, being verv tired, did ,you not fall asleep immediately? Did you go to bed at once5" I did; but uot to sleep. Iu fact, I heard Captain Owen go to his own room." • " How long after was that ?" '" I should say about half an hour." "And they were apparently on good terms then?" - • \ . "Well, I heard them laughing several times. In fact, it was their laughter which kept me awake. Audthenl heard the door open and Captain r Owen say, ' WeU, I daresay you're right. Good night, old chap.'" ; . " Did Lieutenant Beresford make any reply ?" " Yes; he said, ' Good night, old man.'" "You heard Captain Oweu go to his own room ' ; " I did, and closo the door behind him." "Did you hear Lieutenant Beresford moving about his room after that?" "Yes. Well, Iheardhim, to thebestof my belief, get into bed." " How could yon hear that ?" "Because I heard him moving about the. room precisely ao I had heard hira inove every night for weeks past—once Gr twice across tho floor, then one boot dropped off after the other,, and then I heard his cot creak." " Through the wall ?" The doctor smiled. "The .walls are not particularly thick, and there is, I believe, only a lath and plaster par-, tition between his room and mine, and aa on? cota stand in the same position, 'with only the -partition between, I can hear it creak very dis tinctly." \- " You can hear voices plainly through the 'partition?" " I have often called oat to Ifr. Beresford from my room, and received an answer." • | " And what more did you hear after you be lieved lieutenant Beresford had gotinto bed V* "Nothing." "How was that?" ' . 4*I suppose because I went to sleep; at all events I heard nothing mora until X was called 'in the morning to' Captain Owen's room and found him dead." Then followed some medical evidence and the '.examination of tho doctor was at an end. •V Mr. Earle was called next and sworn. He had-very little to say. He deposed that he •boapied the room on the other side of Mr Beresford to that occupied by Dr. Foster. Yes, it was on the same side of the block, and \- overlooked the barrack yard. He could not say. whether Captain Owen and Mr. Beresford ' were on good terms at the time or not, as he ' had been at Blankbampton, and only reached Walmsbury late in the evening. He had been present in the ante-room about half an hour before ihey all retired for the night. Was rather tired, and had not especially noticed , either officer. At this point Br. Foster was re-called. "Bid you hear any dispute between Captain •Owen and Lieutenant Beresford immediately j ; before dinner?*- i .. "Not a dispute. I heard them talking." I "Were they talking loudly?" I 44 Captain Owen was speaking rather loudly; ; but as i heard Mr. Beresford laugh more than ; OQce, it did not occur to me that they were ; quarrelling." " Thank you, that will do," and the doctor stood down again. Then young Manners was put up, but he had vlesa even to say than any of the. others. Ap ' -parently he had noticed nothing and suspected nothing, and he had got into bed as soon as he went to his room, and he had gone to sleep ; immediately. Yes, he had noticed, while in the ante-room after dinner, that Captain Owen and Mr. Beresford kept pretty close together, .and that they were laughing a good deal at some joke between them. Yes, he saw them go upstairs as Br. Foster had described, and he saw Cap tain Owen go into Mr. Beresford's ruom. He bad never heard of Mr. Beresford's having a quarrel with anyone in the regiment—he was a j i; great favourite. He {the witness) had not been quite a year in the service. There was a moment's pause in the proceed- j ings, and then the name of Lieutenant Berea ford was called, and Jim stood up. - ^ ' "You are a lieutenant in the BlanksHire | Begiment?" v . 44 lam.!' .. ."What length of service have you?" [ . " Eight years." . \- "The deceased was in the regiment when you | j joined it?" _ v. "Yes; he was." " You and he became friendly very soon ?" 44 Yes; he was my best friend." 44 You are.- on" friendly terms with all your | . brother officers?" • 44 Yes; and I have always been so." "Tonhave never had any quarrel or mis-1 understanding with a brother officer?" f'Never." . ; "When the deoeased eame into your quarters I before dinner, did any dispute arise between I ..-yon?" ' "No." 41 He was very angry about something ? 44 He was annoyed," emphasising the last | word. "Witbyou?" | 44 Oh I no. He was never either angry or ! annoyed with me in all his life.' ' \ 44 What was he annoyed about ?' j "I amnot at liberty tosay."^ j "You must answer the question." I • 441 cannot. It was an official annoyance, | about a person not in Walmsbury or very near | Walmsbuiy at the time, and who could not . possibly have been in any way connected with 1 ' Captain Owen's murder." 44 How was that?' "Because that person never knew, and to the best of my belief does not know now, that Captain Owen bad any cause for annoyance." " And you say it was not a personal matter ?'' " Not in the very least." 44 Then why cannot you disclose the particu lars?' 44 Because they were given to me in confi dence, and I decline to break it." " Bid Captain Owen say where he had been during the afternoon?" At this point Beautiful Jim raised his * honest eyes and beheld staring at him, with the fascinated gaze of a bird attracted by a snake, the girl who was barmaid at the Buck's Tail; her small sharp features were strained and anxious, her dark skin was of a greenish pallor, which contrasted horribly with her profuse and unnaturally golden hair. Jim looked at her steadily for a moment, and then turned his attention hack to his questioner. " Yes; he had been into Walmsbnry ?" 41 Bid he tell you where ?" 44 Yes; he went to the Duck's Tail." 44 The Duck'B Tail ? What to do there ?' 41 To get the addrees of a horse-dealer, who had been recommended by Major Whittaker." "Didhegetit?' 441 don't know; he did not say ?' 44 Was the annoyance connected with this horse-dealear ?' 44 Not in the very least." Then there followed a long and close examination on tho after events of that day and evening, to all of which Jim returned answers precisely corroborating the evidence which had gone before. Then at last he was told to stand aside, and the name of Bose MeeHng was called. Somewhat to Jim's surprise, Bose Meeking proved to he the sbarp-visaged young person from the Duck's Tail; and, if fright was any sign of goilt, Miss Meeking must have had the credit of being very guilty indeed. deposed that rather late in the afternoon Captain Owen Bad come into the Bar of tBo Back's Tail. There was no ono elso there. She did sot know the exact time, But the land lord and the family were at tea. She was busy tidying np the Bar for the evening. Sbe always did that thelast thing Before she went toBertea. Captain Owen inquired the address of a certain horse-dealer, a Mr. Johns. She knew Mr. Johns's address and'gave it to him. She also told him that Mr. Johns had Been in the hotel that morning and had gone up to "London for two or three days, upon which Captain Owen remarked that it was no use his writing or going to him for a week or so. Captain Owen stayed a short time, talking to her about otherthings, and then left. She did not know which way he went. There was no one elso in the bar during the time he was there. She was then asked whether Captain Owen had often been in the hotel before, and whether she knew him at all intimately ? And to this she replied that she had never seen him in the hotel but once before, when he had not spoken to her. The day of the murder was the first time she had ever had any conversation with him. She was not the least intimate with him. No, he had not shown the smallest wish to be intimate with her. After this, Miss Rose Meeting was put down, and several minor witnesses were put np, from none of whom could any evidence worth men tioning be extracted. There were various officers' servants, and the men who had been on daty that night, two mess waiters and the gentlemen who had been guests at the mess table. If their united evidence was worth any thing, it was towards clearing Jim Beresford of the suspicion which Leader's unfortunately long tongue had caused to rise np against him; and then they all sat down to await, with what patience they might, the decision at which the jury would eventually arrive "You are safe enough," said the great criminal lawyer to Jim. 1 * There's not a jot of evidence against you." "I have never been afraid ihere would be," said Jim coolly. And presently the jury were ready with their verdict, and amid a breathless hash it was given to the public, when it is safe to say that the only person in that assembly who did not tremble was the one on whom the darkest sus picion had fallen, Beautiful Jim. While the eyes of all were dimmed with fear of what the next moment might bring forth, he stood up in ' To what da I owe the honour of this visit V* Lis place straight and true, and awaited the verdict with the assurance of complete innocence. And the decision of the jury was:— " Wilful murder against some person or persons unknown.'* And oh! what a cheer hurst out then, and how they all—or nearly all—picssed forward to take Jim by the hand and tell him that they had never, never believed him guilty for a moment. And then poor Leader came, shak ing and pale as a ghost, to tell him if they had given a verdict against him he should have gone out and hanged himself like Judas; and then when Jim, with rough kindness, told him not to talk rot hut to get back to barracks, he burst out sobbing like a great baby and cursed him self for a blabbering fool, who bad risked the neck of the best master man had ever served under. But it was all very delightful, nevertheless, to Beautiful Jim. It is easy and well to mako little of a danger when it is over; yet this danger had been very real while it had lasted, and more than once Jim, in spite of his inno cence, had caught himself furtively stroking his throat and wondering what the feel of the rope would he like, if it should come to that ? Oh! without doubt, it was very, very pleasant to ho free once more. On account of the dead man atill lying in the room above the mess-room, who bad been so great a favourite with them all, tbere were no open demonstrations of satisfaction and joy at Beautiful Jim's release that evening. But immediately after dinner tho colonel filled his glass to the brim, and turning to* Jim, who fat in the place of honour beside him, drank.to I him in silence, an example which was followed by every other man at the table in turn. "By-tbe-by, where is young Tommy?" asked Jim suddenly becoming "aware that Tommy was not in the room. " Gone to bed, or in his room. Seedy, I fancy," returned the doctor, who eat on his left. "The young duffer's not up to much; he's just about as weak as a cat. In fact, there's uo stamina at all about him, and all this business has knocked him over com pletely." " H'ra—there's no reason why it should par ticularly," remarked Jim. "No; hut it has, and that's very certain," said the doctor, decidedly. Suddenly it occurred to him that it was just possible that young Tommy might have been down to see his charmer at the Buck's Tail; that that young lady, feeling herself released < from silenco by poor dear old Owen's death, might bare disclosed to him the episode of the afternoon, when Owen had coolly taken pos session of his ring. Further, that Tommy might all this timo be in a mortal fnnk lest his well- known ring should be found among poor Owen's belongings, and some very unpleasant inquiries be set afloat in consequence. 441 should think the sight of that beauty in the witness-box to-day must have cured him completely," Jim thought, with a certain amount of compassion for tbo lad's foolishness. " Well, I must go up as soon as X can get off and talk to him like a father: and then I'll set his mind at rest about his precious ring." Accordingly, as Boon as no could get free of the colonel's ponderous effortB to show his pleasure at his favourite's freedom, Beautiful Jim betook himself upstairs, his eyes turning with a look which was in itself a reverence to the door before which two sentries wero sta tioned, and with a rap upon the panel of Tommy's door, opened it without further ceremony and walked in. The lad was sitting in an easy chair, his pipe in his month, his olbows resting on his knees, staring into the fire. He looked up listlessly enough at Jim's entrance, but when he saw who Mb visitor was, sprang up into an attitude of haughty resentment. 44 To what," he asked,44 do Xowe thebenour of this visit?" 