FRAGMENTS OF FUN. Maud, gushingly : ' Oh, Clara, my dear, do look at my engagement- ring! Won't all the girls be dying of envy! Actually three aolitairea 1' Old bachelor patient : 1 Doctor, I feel miserable m mind and body. What shall l do ?' Doctor (gruffly) : ' Take a wife.' 'My errand here to-night,' aaid a young lawyer to a damsel on whom he had oalled. ' reminds me ol tbe cry of an owl. ' Indeed, Baid the maiden, ' what la your errand here to-night Y ' Courtship. To wit, to woo.' Little Charlie was - visiting hie three old maid anntieB, and one night they had damson preserves for sapper. Ab Oharlie smacked his lipB and passed np his plate for more, he remarked: 'I'm very fond of preserved damsels.' The San Francisco Argonaut adapts the Bard of Avon to the occasion, and eaya : All the world ia a jungle, and all the men are tigers. If this be true there are lota of tiger masquerading in esses' skins. Doctor: Did you say to your husband, Mrs. Hendricks, that if agreeable to him I wonld send bill for eervioe rendered daring bia recent severe illness! Mrs. Hendrioks : Yes, doctor ; and he thought that you had better wait until he gets a little stronger. ' Please, sir, have yon seen a gentleman without a little girl T ' Well, and what if I have, little one? 'MyUnoleJobn haa lost me, and I thought if you'd seen 'a gentleman without a little girl you could tell me where he was. Why is a tallow-chandler necessarily both vicious and unfortunate -Because all hia works are wick-ed, and all hia wiok-ed works are brought to light. Mamie.—' 1 Mamma, can't I go over to Kitty's bouse and play awhile T Mamma (hesitatingly) : ' I don't know, dear. 1— yes ; yon can go for just a little while. Mamie (demurely) : ' Thank you, mamma, I've been.' The Great Man Whose Name the World Honours.— The following, according to tbe London " Standard," iB a boy's composition abont ' Ctambue :— 1 Glumbue was a man who oould make an egg stand on end without breaking! it. The King of Spain said to Oolumbne; 'Can yon discover America!' Yes,' said Clnmbus, 1 if you will give me a ship.' So he got a ship and aailsd over the sea in the direction where he thought America ought to be tonnd. Tbe asilora quarrelled, and Baid they believed there was no each place. But after many .days the pilot came to him and said : 'Glum- buB, I see land.' 'Then that ia Amerioa,' said Olumbus. When tbe Bhip got near, the land was fall of black men GlombnBsaid: 'Is this Amerioa? ' Yes, it ie,' said they. Then the ohief aaid : 1 1 suppose yon are Olnmbna ' ' You are right,' said he. Toen the obief turned to hie men and said:.' There is no help for it; we are discovered at last.' Johnny's Question Ma,' aaid little Johnny Snooper, why do they always pat in a scythe wben they make a pioture of Time? 'To represent the shortness of life, Johnny. Time eats people down, you know.' ' Bat when time shall be no mower he'll drop his Boythe, won't he ? ' It's time lor you to go > to bed, Johnny.' Heiress — I em afraid that it is not for me that yon come eo often, bnt for my money. Ardent Wooer— You are cruel to eay so, How oould I get your money without getting you. As ' Ibspeotre.' — (Sosne : A Suffolk village sohool. Government inspector examining a class on the anbjeot of the Witch of Eador and Samuel's ghost). Government inspector : ' Weil, boys, what did the Witoh of Sudor think she saw!' (Pause.) Fust Boy: ' Plaze, air, that war an appurition.' Government Inspector : ' Quite - right ; bnt what is an apparition ! ' (Longer pause.) Second Boy : Plaze, sur, that be a apaoeor 1 ' Government Inspector: '.Yea, yea, quits tight again, so far ; but what'a a spectre ! (Prolonged pauae.) Bright Boy, in a wild falsetto : ' Plaza, sur, that bq a gentleman as go about examinin' seules I ' The Wrong Wat.— 'I say. Bill,' said one London street urchin to another on seeing a duds pass < y, ' that feller looks as if 'is 'ead bad been fitted to 'ia 'at, not ia 'at to 'is aad The Obthoorapht of It.— Mamma (writing latter in ihejufjomingjibrary): ' How ia "a wept" spelled, Ethel?' Ethel (recently, 'betrothed): ' S-w-e-e-e- (stop it, Henley !) pt-t mamma.' Qeobgie oomea down to breakfast with a swollen visage, whereupon mamma aaya to the four-year-old : ' Georgia, don't you feel well! Tell mamma what the matter ia' George, full of influenza, raphes: 'No, I don't feel well B -fe of my eyes ia leakin', and one of my noeea don't go.' Fathrb: 'Youog Sampson baa been de voted to you for two or tbree yeara hasn't he ? Daughter : ' Yea, papa.' Father : ' lent he very slow about proposing? Daughter : ' Yes, George ia a little slow ; bnt (confidently) I think be is ante.' Teacher : ' Tbe object of Ibis lesson ia to inculcate obedi-uce. ' Do yon know wha' obey "means? Apt Pupil : ' Yea ma'am, I obey my father.' Teacher : Yes ; that's right. Now, tell me why yon obey your father? Apt Pupil : 'Cause he's biggerD me. — Tit Bite.' 'That sermon was the finest effort ( I ever beard,' said a man on hia way home from church. ' I wouldn't have missed it for 20dol. !' ' I'm glad yon enjoyed it, John,' aaid his wife. ' Yes, I enjoyed it ; bat there was one thing that annoyed ma.' ' What was that, John !' ' I had no change in my p>cket 1- as than half a dollar for the contribution- box/ Little Nell (to visitor): 'Oh, I have auch good new. Mamma and papa and I are all going to another city to live.' Viator : 'Iudeed? Yon amaze me. What oity iait? Little Nell : 'It haa auoh a fanny name. It \- called Harry, and it's an aw»ul old city.' Visitor : 1 Oh, yon must have heard the name wrong.' Little Nell: ' Oh, no, I didn't. It was at the breakfa- 1 -table ; papa told mamma to go to Old Harry, and mamma told papa to go there himself, and then I >akvl them to take me, and they didn't say' anything but I know tbey wilL' Not bib Heart.— '1 know that yon love me,' she said sentimentally, aa be held her tc tiia veab I kuo that yon love , me,' she repeated; ' beoiuee when I lay my head against your breast your heart beats so loud I can hear it.' 'That,' gasped the poor fellow, as tbe awful truth dawned upon him, ' tha1- is oot my heart. That's my Waterbury wa'ch." Young wife (at dinner table, sobbing) : ' I bmk you— you— are jaet aa mean aa— aa— yon can be- I have made that — that apple 'lutipling aa a pleasant surprise 'or you, and now — you — wmt me to bring tbe axe to cut is. op-n with.' Young Husband : .'Giod gra cious, Maria 1 Ie that a dumpling? A thon and pardons 1 I took it for a ooooanut.' 