BROADBRIM'S NEWIOBK LETTER. " Do jou believe in luck ?" " Of course not. Kone but superstitious people believe in luck. This i* an enlightened age we lire in. In the olden tune, when the people were ignorant and foolish, it was ail very well to believe in luck j but we've got past that now, and don't you forget it!" This was the reply of a very smart nian to Z&6 last week when I asked hun the question indicated above. I was eta riding 011 the corner of Twenty-third street and Sixth-avenue, in front of Levi D. Bates's dry-good store, while thousands of dollars* worth of costly silks, laces, cloths, &c.;, were going under the auction eer s hammer. On the opposite corner the Masonic -Hall stands a monument to the energy of the " Brethern of the mystic tie." Fifty yards from the north-west corner is Eoster and Bial's beer garden, where hundreds gather lightly to are O'Connor tiavesty Shakespeare. But it is with the first corner named that I have to do now, when I asked if you believe in luck- A hundred Tears ago, when the old S)st-road led out to the village of Blooming ale, right on this piece of land was a famous old mansion occupied by a family by the name of Von der Hyde, The house was surrounded by well laid out grounds, and lack of it wag a pleasant orchard reaching far beyond the limits of the present MadiBoa Square. It was in the year 1762, September 12, that a mighty crowd of excited burghers might be seen surrounding the old manor house, for early that morning Emeritus Von dor Hyde and his wife were murdered their bed, and the house had been robbed of silverware and valuables, with -S^iioh the robbers had escaped. The mur der caused a profound sensation, and although Von der Hyde's property was one of I the most desirable on the Island, it was years j before anyone could be found to occupy it. It waB known far and near as the haunted house. Late travellers riding in the wee hours to and from Blooming Dale, asserted that they heard unseemly noises j lights Sashed out from the windows of tho room where the murder had been committed, and mexe than one was ready to swear that they had seen old emeritus Von der Hyde and his wife looting out of the windows-their garments crimsoned with blood as they were on the night of the murder. Years rolled on and the old mansion was torn down, for bad luck seemed to pursue It, no matter what bu«im-ss was tried there, failure after failure followed it. About seventeen years ago it was purchased by Mr. ifidwin Booth, who invested in it ail the earn togs of his life, and also induced iiis father-in* Jaw, James McViokar of Chicago, to back hiin Mi the venture, and the result was Booth's -theatre, one of the most magnificent temples A A W m* eTep e«cted in New York, 'cu £ 8^'U8 ar,d experience of Booth, Shakespeare was produced here as it had never before been seen in ffew York. The best actors, the best scenery, the most gorgeous costumes-everything that art could lend or genius conceive, considered for success, but all xr J8"1' j i^e Eh034 of Emeritus Von der ilyoe and his wife walked the stage and sat in the flies and flitted among the scenes after the audience had departed j and one day ! Edwin Booth marched out of the theatre a \ ruined man . his fortune gone, his father-in- ? law seriously crippled, and himself a bankrupt loaded with liabilities to the tune of a hundred thousand dollars. Then Dion iioucioault took it, and he went to the wall in a few weeks. Stetson of Boston, one of the most successful managers in the United States, tried it and o-me to grief after sinking a respectable fortune. He withdrew, and no manager had the courage to try it after him. The building was then altrred into stores. The corner was thought to be one of the very best in New York. It was opened by a .ouple of experienced and enterprising men " * dry goods store. All arouud them and on every side were men who had built up colossal fortunes in the dry goods business ; but bad luck followed them from the first, and when on the verge of bankruptcy they found a purchaser in Levi M. Bates, formerlv j £reut -Broadway firm of Beed, Bute's : and Cooley, a firm which ranked with Horace ! B. Olaflin and A. T. Stewart in their palmiest ; days. The firm dissolved a couple of years ago, and Mr. Bates retired on a million. His credit was unimpeachable and his experience unquestioned. Idleness did not agree with him, so he bought out the firm on the fatal corner of Sixth avenue and Twenty third street The same dark cloud tl at haunted all the rest followed him. With the most splen did stock of goods in the city, and the most accomplished salesmen and women, be could not sell enough to pay his expenses. Two weeks ago the sheriff stepped in and closed him up, and this week everything went under the auctioneer's hammer. Do you believe in ghosts ? No, sir. Ai© you superstitious ? Not a bit of it. Would you walk under a ladder ? Not if I could get around it. Believe in spirits? That question savors of Prohibition, sir, end I decline to answer. The great revival is ended, and Brother Harrison has gone to Sing Sing, where we board about two thousand gentlemen at the expense of the State. Brother Harrison, at the closing meeting on Thursday, said that the day before the proprietor of a great daily newspaper had cent for him and asked him to pray for bitn. Since then everybody has been trying to find out who the repentant sinner ?was. At first I thought it was Pulitzer of "The World," but finally came to the con clusion that it could not be him, as he is generally recognised as being outside the pale of saving grace. An earthquake wouldn't touch Diana of " The Sun." Then I thought of Bennett of " The Herald," as he is a filling subject for earnest prayer, and it occurred to to me that he might have sent a dispatch by the Mackey-Bennett cable to the young evangelist for prayer. On reflection I came to the conclusion that nothing but a mir&cle; could s»Te him. It could not. be Brother iSieppard of " The Mail and Express," as he does not need prayers, being already among the elect. Could it be Whitelaw Beid of The Tribune ?' Pslmw, no. The President of the profane Lotus Club would never think of such a thing. Af'er much deliberation I settled down upon Henry Wathrson. Mr. Harrison did not say it was a New York Daily -but a great daily newspaper. Now if any man needs prayer for his salvation among the editorial fraternity, with a good fighting chance of being saved if he will only repent of his sins, that man is Henry WatLerson of " The Louisville Courier-Journal." He would not make a bad evangelist himself; and when he gets over his summer outing, if it was known in Kentucky that Harrison prayed for him, even the star eyed Goddess of Reform would have to take a buck scat. I am sorry to say that although two thousand five hundred is reported as the sum of the spiritual harvest, not one single newspaper reporter has been gathered m. Early last week it was given out that a newspaper reporter had risen and asked for prayer. When l liey told me that he belonged to " The New York World " that settled it. Yet who knows what m<\y happen when Brother Harrison returns at the foil: " While the lamp holds out to burn, The vilest sinner may return." " Man's inhumanity to man makes count less thousands mourn." That's all very fine, but you don't hear anything about, woman's inhumanity to woman. Oh, no. You shove it all on man. Yet in Brooklyn, right across tile river, lives Mrs. Greenslarie, a very wo>thy little Englishwoman, who follows the vocation of a barber. Mrs. G-reenslade made the mis take that lots of us have made-she picked out the wrong fellow for a life partner, and did not find out her mistake till Mie kn.<t was tied so fast that you could not untie it with ? your teeth. Still Mrs. Greculade made the best of her bad bargain, and tried to earn an honest living. She tried keeping a boarding' house, but tbe boarders eat her hash and failed to pay her. She t« r ied dressmaker, but she ruined the stuff and her dresses did not St. At last, in despair, ahe started a bar* ber-siiop, and she practiced on Greenslade till she got her band in, and then she took a.turn at the general public. Her first customer was a gay old boy, who had married a widow with ducats about ten years older than himself. ' Mra. Greenslade was rubbing in the lather under his chin and was holding him tenderly by the nose when Mrs. Curly walked into the shop. To say that Curly got out of the chair in a hurry, faintly describes what fol lowed. Mrs. Curly tipped tbe scales at 247; Mr. G-reenslade turned the steelyard at 104^ ; but science made up the difference in weight, and a razor turned ttie tide of battle. After that the women of the neighborhood turned against Mrs. G-reenslade, and eventually they drove her out. Her life-partner is a crank who imagines himself a profit, and he now devotes his time to proving that Judas was the most worthy of the Apostles. When Belva Lockwood came to Brooklyn to open her fight for the Presidency, G-reenslade got himself up in a base ball suit full of stripes, with a big red heart on his breast, and sat fight in front of the fair speaker, applauding every word. From there he went to the Sal vation Army, and he gave them such a dose that he landed in the police station. Mean while the women have banded against poor little Mrs. Greenshade. Tbe storm of Saturday night struck us very much like a Western cyclone. The dis play of celestial fireworks was something mar vellous. For three hours the sky was a sheet of flame, and its concentrated fury hurst on the works of tbe United States Electrical Company, destroying a portion of its plant and burying the city in darkness from the City Hall to Fourteenth Street. Forty of the workmen were knocked down and fled from the burning building. The storm raged with great fury for several hours, and left the city as clean as a new pin 3 for which, lightning and all. Providence be thanked. 