The Comic Side of Camp life. BY A VOLUNTEEE. Military encampments are not alto gether picnics, though some novices apparently think tbey are. I oace saw a volunteer going to camp with bis bands gloved, to protect them — as he declared — from rifle rust. But then he waB an extra masher, and when he took hie rations, he carefully spread a white handkerchief on a big portmanteau, and did bis best to make the tent look like a dining room. But, alasl he could not keep up the pace, and on the last day in camp be was seen ecouring a billy with sand as zealously as if he had served an apprenticeship in a scullery. When the encampment was held at Balaclava three years ago, a Camp Gazette, was printed and published on the ground, and moBt of the camp jokes found their way into its columns; but there was one incident too intimately connected with the Gazette staff, which was suppressed, but may as well see the light now. A live fowl was discovered in the Pn-ea tent one evening, though how it got there was never satisfactorily explained. The person who seemed to know moat about it declared that a man from the township had been found inside the sentries with the fowl under his arm (though how he managed to get past the sentries, or why he was carrying a fowl under his arm, was not made clear), and that the fowl had been seized as a prisoner of war, and the man " kicked out." However, the fowl was killed and cooked for next day's dinner; but next morning a well-known captain of the R.V.F. (now resigned), who loved both a pratical joke and a roast chicken, entered the Press tent, noticed with the eye of an old campaigner the toothsome cbicken, pushed it quietly towards the edge of the tent, hurried out, and inserted his hand under the canvas to Becure the prize. But the gallant and hungry 1 captain was not the only " old soldier about, and when his hand entered, it encountered — not the chicken, but a stout piece of hoop iron, wi<ich was dropped on hiB fingers with considerable force. He was game, however—whether the chicken was or not,—made no sign, and re-entered the tent with a placid air, as if be bad merely gone out momentarily to inspect the weather. The cook in a military camp is no generally a cordon bleu, and the viands are often served up in a style that would raise the ghost of Soyer or Dr Kitchener. Once I saw a "camp cook" frying an entire shoulder of mutton, though who ate it I can't say—somebody fond of raw meat, I should think. What a man on guard wil not eat, is generally pretty bad, but a certain "soup" that was brought into the guard t«nt at the last encampment achieved the proud distinction of being " passed" by all hands. The me could not make it on that suit, and electcd to try a new deal. The delicacy consisted of an elegant conglomeration of tepid water, wood ashes, and brine Still camp life is conducive to good appetite. At the recent encampment, one volunteer, after providing himself with a supply of meat, &c.;, took up a loaf, cut off a gigantic hunch, and placed the remainder by his side. When requested to hand the loaf round, he replied quite calmly, " Ob, no ; take one of the other loaves ; I can mantuge this one;" and he was as good as bis word. Sentries and cooks generally provide the comedy of camp life. It is usual for officers to go round and test the sentries ; but though they frequently get the better of the men, the practice is sometimes carried too far. At the last encampment a captain of the day announced himself to a sentry as the visiting round (which was quite right) ; and then directed the man to present arms (which was quite wrong) As soon ae the sen try had presented, the captain snatched the rifle out of bis hands. This was simple fooling, for any sentry would know the captain of the day, who ie also the captain of the guard, and would naturally let him approach nearer than a stranger. But such jokers sometimes fall in with the wrong man. At Balaclava one officer bcastod that he could pass a certain sentry without giving the word. He tried it— and got his tunic ripped with the sentry's bayonet. The man had served through the Zulu campaign, knew perfectly well what his duties were, and was not disposed to be fooled with. At the late encampment one of the sentries readily gave up his rifle when requested to do so by an officer. " What do you think I shall do with the rifle now ?" said the officer triumphantly. "You can do what you darn please with it," replied the sentry : " but I think you had better walk up and down my beat with it, for I am dog tired. Look here, you have to march from that fellow to this other chap." Another sentry challenged a wayfarer, who did not take much notice of the challenge. " Halt!" cried the sentry, " When I challenge, you have to advance and say, ' Bay Road' 1"—which was the countersign. The Mounted Infantry no doubt did well in the field, but in camp they were rather raw. Some of them did not seem to see the necessity of going through the tedious process of relieving sentry in military style, and I saw more than once a man run out of the quarter guard tent, and relieve a sentry on his own account, the relieved man running back in tbe same manner when he thought it a fair thing. I regret my inability to detail the humorous side of the Easter night shamfight; for with a number of others I retired to Adelaide that night and took post in bed, which stronghold I did not evacuate till long after tbe reveille next morning. I dote on eham fights, but considered 10 hours in the dark after hard drilling for two or three days just a trifle too practical a joke, and rather more than necessary either for military training or for " testing the endurance of the men." It must have been rough on the feet; I did not get back to camp in time to see the troops cotne in, but from what I heard, sotne of them appeared to walk like that pilgrim to Loretto, who did not boil the peas in his shoes before starting on his penance. A certain hon. legislator, who on occasion wears a militia uniform adorned with a corporal's chevron, was most assiduous and untiring in his attention to duty. He was ordered by somebody to take an empty ! water cart to the standpipe to be filled, and with a comrade discharged that draught horse duty, though speedily made aware l»y the strain on his muscles that the " empty" tank \va6 full. On arriving at the Stand pipe he eolemly looked into the tank, dragged it back to camp, and reported the circumstance, adding that he knew the thing was full at starting, but considered it his duly to obey orders. " If I'd been ordered to take it up Mount Lofty, I'd have done it, or broken something. However, such well disciplined militia men are scarce; tbe red coats generally do not believe, with the Light Brigade, that it is " Not theirs to reason why, Theirs but to do or die." And tbey say that even tho military Minister grumbled severely when ho was put under arms for not attending Ciiun.li parade, and thereby missed a visit from his wife. Tbey say that tho Militia will lose its well disciplined, legal, and legislation Corporal in consequence. 