Churen News. Bishop O'Reilly arrived at Adelaide on July 8, and will be the guest of the archbishop for a few days before proceeding to Port Augusta. ! .The fifteenth anniversary services in connec tion with the • Leichhardt street Primitive Methodist Church were held in that bailding on Tuesday, and passed off very successfully. It ha3 been arranged that a Centennial mis sion of the Church of England shall take place in Melbourne and suburbs during the week .extanding from the loth to the 22nd instant, when special services will be held daily in nearly all the Anglican churches. It is understood from a private letter that has been received, that Bishop Webber has secured fovea clergymen for Brisbane, the first of wbom is expected to arrive here in August. It is not probable that the bishop will return to Queensland before the beginning of next year, as every arrangement has been, made for the carrying ou of the church business durirg his absence. Among the arrivals at Townsvillo by the steamer Maranoa on the 3rd iustnut, were Cap tain Smith and Cadet Jacobs, of the Salvation Army, who proceed to Charters Towers, at which town the Armv are about, commeueing operations. Captain Smith states that suitable temporary premises have been obtained, pend ing the erection of barracks on the goldfield, and that in all probability the Army will extend its work to Townsvillo where there is every prospect of its proving a suc:ess.—Bulletin. It was announced in the Roman Catholic Churches at Ballarat on the Sth instant that Dr. Moore, the bishop of the diocese, was about to establish a Roman Catholic college in Balla rafc, aud with this view would bring to the colony with him in October five clergymen of the order of tho Holy Ghost, who are to act as professors at tho college. Two of tho number are Frenchmen «ud three Irishmen. All have, graduated at the London University. Six secular priests and a community of nuns of the Littlo Sisters of Nazareth have also been en gaged for tho Ballarat diocese. Since the return of Bishop Hutchinson (says tho Cooktoicn Courier, of tho 3rd irstaul) several changes and appointments have beeu made in connection with tho clerical gentlemen under his control. Father Murray is. to remain at Cooktowu with Father Muloney as his assistant. Father Landv, who accompanied tho bishop from Enrope. ifl apyoiutcd to Croydon to as sist Father Maker; Father Fuuchion goes to Cairns to assi-t Father Crane: Father O'Flyrm lms been transferred fron Cairns to Port Douglas: and FatherBradv from Port Douglas to assist Father Nolan at Hvrbertou. A large meeting of the pariahioners'of the Wickham terrace Lutheran Church was held recently for the purpose of filling/the vacancy In the pastorate of the abovenamed chureb, caused by tbedeathof theRev. F. Scbirmeister. A few weeks ago a call bad been sent to the Rev. T. Langebecker, of Toowoomha,'bnt that geutleman had, at the request of his congrega tion, declined the invitation. After some dis cussion the meeting resolved to send a call to the Rev. F. Kriiger, of Iowa, America, and also to ask the Rev. T. Langebeoker to take charge of the congregation meanwhile. After prayer the meeting terminated. After the minutes of the previous meeting o the Women's Christian Temperance Union had been read and confirmed, Mrs. Adeett, hospital visitor, gave a very encouraging report of her work, and also at the Industrial Home, where she delivers tracts and other hooks, which are gladly received. Mrs. Terry read part of a poem on 44 Conversation." An account of the W.C.T.U. public meeting at Ipswich was read by Mrs. Brentnall, also the two first prize essays, one on 44 The Evils of Intemperance," and the other, 44 Why am I a Teetotaler," for which there were 24 competitors. At the nstial monthly meeting of committee held on the 13th.fnstant, interesting reports were read from the workers, Mr. Stewart. Mrs. NeviH, Miss Horriey, and Miss Barwell, showing good work in the slums, the houses of the poor, the hospital, the factories, and the streets. It was resolved to publish" a monthly record, to be called the 44 City Mission Visitor." The workers will be glad to hear of anyone who has useful cast-off clothing to give away, and will arrange with the parcel delivery vans to call for them at any address forwarded. Books and magazines will also be acceptable for distri bution in the workrooms among the yoong people. The Rev. J. Macpherson paid a visit to St. Helena on Thursday week .?nd returned to Brisbane on Taesday. At suitable times the stockade, hospital, and warders' cottages were visited. On Sunday two services were held with the prisoners in the stockade, and a prayer meeting, when some of the prisoners offered prayer in an earnest manner. An ad dress on 44 Religion by Restraint" was lis* tened to with attention. The prisoners' choir led the singing, assisted by the harmonium. A service for the children was held in the school room, and was well attended. One of the children was presented with a book for cor rectly repeating the 53rd chapter of Isaiah. Mr. Hazelwood led the singing, assisted by Miss Home on the organ. Divine service was held in the evening with the warders, when an address on 44 Look unto Me and be ye saved" was listened to wiih much attention. . The second anniversary of the Coorparoo "Wesleyan Church was celebrated on Sunday and Tuesday. Ou Sunday the preachers were — morning, Rev. F. Duesbury; evening, Rev. H. Youngman. The con gregations were large, and the excel lent discourses were most attentively listened to. In the afternoon Mr. Duesbury conducted a service for. young people. The trustees decided to dispense-with the orthodox tea meet ing and substitute a mixed entertainment com prising a service of fruit. The chair was taken on Taesday night at 8 o'clock by the Hon. F. T. Brentnall who, as treasurer of the chnrch fuud, read a satisfactory statement of accounts. The Sunday school comprises 10 teachers and 84 scholars. There is also a successful band of hope in connection with the church. The speakers were the Revs. F. Duesbury and "W. P. Brown. The choir sang several pieces of music with good taste and effect; they had evidently given attention to piactice. ; The movement inaugurated several years ago for bringing into closer union and co-operation the; sections of; th* Presbyterian Church in the colonies of Australia and Tasmania, has (saya the Rockhampton Bulletin) steadily been grow ingin strength .Two years ago the various sections of thechurch were formed into a federa tion, and arrangements were made for the auhual meeting of a Federal Assembly, composed of ministers and elders representing the church in the several colonics. Two meetings of this Assembly have already been held, the first at Sydney, the second at Melbourne, the third is to bo held at Sydu°y in September next. The office of moderator of this Assembly, representing as it does the whole Presbyterian Church in these colonies, is justly regarded as an office of special honour, and the Presbyteriaus of Rockhampton and the district around will be pleased to hear that the committee entrusted with the selection of the moderator have resolved "to nominate for this office the Rev. Dr. Hay. The rev. gentleman is to bo congratulated on this marked proof of the esteem in which he is held by his brethren uot only in Queensland. but in the neighbouring colonies, and tho members of his congregution on the honour thus conferred on iheir minister. Centuries passed after the appearance of the Saviour "upon earth before any attempt was made to represent in a material form His sacred person. The Christians shrank with reverence and godly fear, * savs Archdeacon Farrar iu th e Suuday Magazine, iron the repre sentation of tho eternal Son of God in the abject misery of vivid pain and streaming blood and ghastly nakedness. It was not uutil the dark ages set in that tho conception of Christ was sometimes nobly idealised, but far oftener vulgarised by art Those who would know how art can be used, and has been used, with the direct object of breaking down faith, are referredby Archdeacon Farrar to the illustra tions to tho popular edition of Ronan's "Life of Jesus," and to tho shocking realism of Verestcbagin's 44 Crucifixion." 44 If we must mako to ourselves a mental image of the Christ as He lived on earth," says the Arch deacon, 44 let -it at least bo a worthy and a noble, not a falsn and superstitious one." Un it ippily, there are false and superstitious verbal pictures of Christ as well as painted ones. 