GLEANINGS. The social gossip correspondent of the Melbourne Argus writes that Mr. Labouchere has been very near giving up the ghost owing to an attack of a' poor man's gout,' which nearly touched his heart. The result is one for which all the world has been sorry, irrespective of political or other sympathies. His wit, it is true, is a little out of the fashion. Like Gilbert's, it is too mocking and " denigrating " for the mood of to-day. Still, his stories are told with a piquancy and finish which other racoiiieitrs cannot quite equal. A characteristic story of his, which is redeemed from jarring on modern taste only by the way it is told, relates to his own unique appearance in the field of Christian missions. Being on one occasion somewhere in the Holy Land in a diplomatic capacity, he invited a neighbouring missionary of some London society to dinner, and by way of making conversation asked him " How's business ?" The missionary answered de- jectedly that it was bad. He was paid by results, and literally the recent results had not been enough to give him food to eat a statement which Mr. Labouchere was inclined to believe from the manner in which he was bolting cartloads of food. "I pitied the fellow," says Mr. Labouchere, " and next day I asked my dragoman whether there was no way in which these heathen could be induced to embrace Christianity ?" " Certainly there is a way, sir," answered the dragoman. " What is that ?" " A bottle of brandy among four." " I bought all the brandy in the place, about 100 bottles," continues Mr. Labouchere, " and paraded as many of of the natives as I had brandy for, dividing them into messes of four, and then bade them choose between the faith of their fathers and the brandy. In the afternoon my friend the missionary performed 400 baptisms. I thought no more of the affair for some years, when one day I met my friend the missionary not the dragon in a shovel hat, gaiters, and an apron. He had evidently dined well every day since the day of those baptisms. He told me they had made him a bishop as a reward for his success. I forget which was his diocese." When an ordinary man is blackballed at a club, he says not a word about it, and even affects to outsiders an ignorance of the locality and merits of the institution which has expressed its unwillingness to receive him. Not so Canon Malcolm MacColl, of im- palement fame. He has been blackballed at the Athenaeum more heavily than any candidate ever known, with the exception of Sir William Harcourt; but instead of ignoring the fact, he has inserted plaintive paragraphs in the papers, giving lists of all the titled and talented persons who had promised to support him, and notwithstanding whose support or supposed support, he was rejected. The list includes Lord Salisbury, who has been a friend of his-notwithstanding political hostility ever since they met 11 years ago at the Congress of Constantinople, during the brief period when Lord Salisbury was the hope of the philo Russians. It is altogether a wonderful list, bristling with archbishop.", dukes, earls, and editors ; but there is such a thing as voting for a man, and hinting to your obscured friends to do the opposite. It was unlucky for the canon that on the eve of his election Canon Taylor should have revived the memory of the oldimpalent story against him in the course of their controversy on the relative merits of Christianity and Moalcmism. Canon Maccoll took up the challenge quite confidently, but his old opponent, who originally exposed the story, entered into the field, and re-stated the case against Canon Maccoll's assertion that he and Canon Liddon, had seen an impaled man from the deck of a steamer on the River Save The chief grounds for disbelieving Canon Maccoll story are that no one else saw the impaled man, that all local inquiries failed to substantiate the story, that Canon Liddon, without concert with Canon Maccoll, wrote an account of the same journey to the Guardian, but did not mention the incident of the impaled man, or rather only told the story for the first time on reaching Paris, where he saw a copy of The Times containing Canon Maccsll's apocryphal anecdotes, which he then proceeded to confirm in a half-hearted and uncertain way. The two canons could offer no conclusive explanation of their original failure to confirm one another, and everyone who had anything to do with the Athenaeum Club was perfectly certain for days before the election that that august society would not admit within its walls a man of such dubious veracity as the smaller and younger canon. It is interesting to learn that scraps from Gilbert and Sullivan's opera, " The Mikado," have been sung before the great bronze image of Buddha, at Kamakura, Japan. Colonel George P. Bissell, of Hartford, Connecticut, and a party of friends stood last summer before this famous statue, and, as the natives gathered around and set up a great clatter, the Americans broke out as one man in the well-known chorus, " Here's a how d'ye do." The Japanese were awed by the song, and thought it was offered as an invocation to Buddha. The Trollope family of England have written 275 books, as follows Mrs. Trollope, son., 115; Anthony Trollope, 100; Adolphus Trollope, 50 ; Mrs. Theodore Trollope, 10. The immediate cause of the cold which proved fatal to the Emperor William was an accident which happened to him on the night of Saturday, the 3rd March. His physician, Dr. Von Bauer, had expressly warned him against attempting to leave his bed without assistance; but, in order to spare his personal attendants, who were in an adjoining room, the Emperor ventured to disregard the injunction. He got out of bed safely, but when he was endeavouring to return his strength failed him, and he fell to the floor. He was unable to raise himself, and ere his attendants' entered the room he had contracted a severe chill. They did what they could for the Emperor's comfort ; but he laughed at the mishap, and only besought them, " Don't say a word to Lane. A touching incident, and one which testifies to the kindness of heart of the late Lady Brassey, in connection with the trousseau for the, a.ppveae.h'inff marriage of the Hon. Idabelle Brassey, her eldest daughter. It seems that when, on her death-bed, the lamented lady, with that thoughtful large heartedness which was one of her characteristics, made a special request to the Hon. Mabelle Brassey that her trousseau should be entrusted to the Donegal Industrial, Fund, for the benefit of the Irish; wooers) asked' to show the interest Paez lirajas^éy had always felt In that' qqdert^kiqg. If or-' wishes 44 being fulfilled, o,qd. $!§ t?OT*iea.a, now in course of preparation, will consist wholly of fish band-work. Lord Colin Campbell has failed again in his effort to get a certificate that his bankruptcy was caused by misfortune without any misconduct on his part. He is therefore disqualified forgets S¿t^tng'qc voting- in the House of Leeds., or. any Committee thereof j (h) being ejected to or sitting or voting in the House of Commons, or on any Committee thereof j (e) being appointed or acting as a Justice of the Peace ; (d) being elected or holding the office of Mayor, Alderman, or Councillor ; (e) being elected or holding the office of guardian of the poor, overseer of thief poor, member of p. ¡^Vt'i-arv. authority or member of a school Bears Highway Board, BuriaJ Bó)M$,'!¿c-''Se%!C Quad." feel infested say said ty of the italian notion underlying this lggigloAioH seemed to be that he who had made shipwreck of his own affairs was not fit to be trusted with the guidance of other people's affairs." An excellent guiding erin ople this, but its application ought not to be limited t3 Bankrupts and, raping. alone, It ought, sara $H ¥($ fair Glass, to be up plied" equally as bankrupts in reputation well were are convicted of adultery complicated by treachery and fraud, or of the seduction of a ward or a minor, 8s- gf- the seduction of any wotton, c& felae'pretences, or of the ^^b^e^ueiit'cieaertton of mistress and ribaldry the same disqualifications should be enforced which are presence by subsection 1, section 35, of the Bankruptcy Act. , A. p%Qv;n¡,ry preacher holding forth one very jauliVy day in a small hall, Was much annoyed by those who kept dropping in alter the service ' had, can^moqaeq, invariably closing the save Often then;. He bore, the vexation Vlth, lion-like patience, but at length being fairly exhausted by the extreme oppressive acts. of the best he vqaifera.tec} to an offender, "Errand; do, for goodness sake let the Upper Va open, I believe if I was preaching in a state you would put the cork in." 