A NEW PROFESSION FOR WOMEN. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir,-It seems rather a carious thing that in these days when so much is being said about finding new outlets far the superfluous, enorgios of (unhappily) superfluous females, no one should have beun found to advocate the pulpit as a desirable calling for women. Surely, among all the pro- fessions now supposed to be tho almost exclusive preroga- tive of mankind, there is none in every way so suitable to bo taken up by tho daughters of Eve. Even those men who deny the capabilities of woroon to become bar- risters or doctors are ready to admit that they possess a large share of eloipience and persuasiveness, while visiting among tho poor and tho sick is a special province of women. I venture to assert that nine women out of every ten would preach a better, mure prnctiral, more appealing sermon than tho great majority of now-fledged curates who have just completed their University education, and who have not tho ghost of un original idea in them. Be.-ides, in these days, when it is admitted that tho diuretics, for the most part, ure filled, with women, who can tell what effeot might be mado by a young nnd beautiful ministrcss on the recal- citrant masculine members of tho congregation f Not, of course, that going to church in order to gaze at the pastor, whether ruun or woman, is the desired object to bo attained; but if nien will not go without other attraction than tho service and tho sermon, it might be hoped that in process of time they might sit ut tho feet of a fair cleric with a view to obtaining food for their spiritual necessities. True, tho change might possibly lend to a fulling-off in the attenditnco of tho ladies of tho family ; but one cunnot have everything, nnd the discontented sisters might set np a church bf their own, with u fuvourito curate installed in tho pulpit. Just consider for n moment, ladies, how nice vou would look in a surplice. Just imagine how charming it would bo to have a crowd of adoring youths round yon nt afternoon tea with offerings of woolwork, slippers, and - well, not smoking-cnps, but some fem!', nine equivalent. Picture to yourself the exquisita delight ot beholding your congregation bathed in tears as you deliver your pathetic valedictory address, and try for a tnotiiunt to conceive your feelings when recoiving lrom your sorrowing parishioners your presentation teapot, &c;, with, an appropriate inscription. Then, if you should attain to tho higher dignities of tho Church ! If you can be a. clergyman, there is no reason why you sheuld not be a,.:, Bishop, or even an Archbishop. Mrs. Prowdie may serve.^ to remind you that a bishop's wife may bo more at the head?, of the See than the bishop himself, so she mipht just as/:!1 well take upon herself the name, with tho functions . of that dignitary. Her Ladyship tho Bishop sounds,, very well, and if a woman is at the head of' tho State, why should not a woman be at the head of the Church ? Such a thing as a rev. lady is, however, not wholly unknown. Mrs. Webster for some years satisfac- torily filled the post of Unitarian minister in Melbourne, and in America moro than one woman officiates in the pulpit. In parochial work there can be little doubt that women would do more good than men, and they would be able, under cover of their calling, to exorcise inuoh salutary in- fluence over tho unthrifty, untidy housewives who too often drive their husbands from their comfortless homes to the. public-houBe: District visitors try to accomplish some of this work now, but thev hick the authority which would ba given thom by a clerical title. They would have the advan- tage of being able to give hints on many small household muttors in which' a clergyman, old or. young, would be utterly at sea. " -, In short, while there aro a good many reasons in favour of women adopting the clerical profession, there are few which can be urged against it, exoept by those who contend that there is no longer any necessity for a church or ministers. of any kind; and even some of these might be willing to let women seo what they could do. Anyhow, my advice is, try it, my fair friends, and And how many strayed sheep you can win bock to tho oaths of ortnodoxy. 1 am, &c;,_ ERIC. ; 