Chapiee XV. The human heart, at whatever age, opens only to the heart that opens in return. However, the end of a week brings too the end of Borah's shyness. Several things helped her to conquer this very natural mattvaUe honte that had overtaken her on finding herself brought so euddenlyin contact with such a number of strangers; Hiss Cazalet's subdued but perfectly unmistakable hostility for one thing—expressed by small impertinences and smiling sneers—and for another, Delaney's evident determination to protect her from it. This last touched her pride most nearly. Hiq protection she would not have—she would ac cept no help from him of any kind; there fore it behoved her to rouse herself, and win a way for herself out of her troubles. Very small, very silly troubles no doubt, but oftm very cruel. She had plenty of spirit to bring to her own aid, and a stout little heart, and very soon, too, she' made to herself friends of Lady Glandore, who was amused by her, and of !Nancy Blake, who honestly liked her. These two friendships greatly strengthened her hands —specially in the mutter of Hiss Blake, who was always only too eager to scent battle In the breeze where Katherine Cazalet was con cerned. 44 A word-with you, Duchess,'* says this young ladr, seating herself in the deep window recess of the room where Xorah is scribbling a a letter to her dad. 44 We've sworn a friend ship, you and I—and if I'm nothing else, I am i at least faithful to my bonds. SJow, as to Kilgarriff, have you quite done with him:" 44 "What r" colouring furiously. 44 I—I don't think I understand you." " Then why are you growing so dreadfully red?" asks Hiss Blake, with a practicability that does her honour. 44 However, if yo*u want an oxplanu——" :<th«o, no," interrupts tho Duchess, in horrified haste. 44 Only—how did you know?" 44 Why, he told me himself. Lust summer— a mouth or two ago when I met him abroad. If," laughing, 44 you could only know how I once execrated your name. It used to ring in my wrotched ears morning, noon, and ni^ht. Young men in that stage ought to bo locked up until the paroxysm is over, or else given over to the tormentors. I did my little best in that last role. But—er—if you are sure you haYe quite finished with that little affair—" 44 It was never au affair of that sort—never. I have known him all my life. I'm foud of him as a sister might be, but " 441 know. That sisterly iouch is always fatal—to his hopes, however—not iniue. Well, I'm going to be fond of him, too," she leans back in her chair and laughs softly but heart it v> 44 infant in all hut years though he be. Was there ever so absurd a boy? It is;a defect in my nature, no doubt, but I know this, I couldn't endure a master. They say Women like to be domineered over, kept down—tint they find their real happiness in being governed by a spirit stronger than their own. If it be so, behold in me the glorious exception to that rule." ' Yes. Bat about Othor". dightly puzzled. " What is it you mean to do about him r": " Marry him," promptly. "As you assure me, you, my friend, have no Undress* in. that ; quarter. And now, haste thee, haste thee, good maiden. Have you forgotten it is the day of madam's garden party, and that already | the county arriveth. Come, let me put you j into your gown." It is a day as beautiful as though it were bespoke, to quote the peasants round about here. Queen's weather of a verity, with a . gleaming yellow sunshino that scorns to think of autumn, though already one begins to talk of golden September as though it was indeed here, 60 short a shrift has August now, before it drops into the greedy past. The Duchess, very lovely in a soft white Indian silk, one of madam's gifts, glides into \- the long drawing-room in her pretty girlish way, though with her charming head well up; and becoming at once conscious that some strangers are present, grows faintly pink and hesitates, until madam calls to her in the tone I she has learned to love. I . " Come here, darling, just for one moment. The others are for the most part outside, but I want to introduce you to a very old friend of your father's—of mine." Sitting near her is an old lady whom Norah had not until now seen—a stout old lady with the orthodox corkscrew ringlets and a large, : fat, most benevolent face. She seems, indeed, beaming with good nature, and as the Duchess draws near, rises, and laying both her hands on her shoulders, kisses her warmly. " So this is the little niece," she says, veritable and a very charming breath from the old days. Tou are like your mother, my dear— a little, and she was a lovely woman; but your eyes, your mouth—. Ah ! my dear," turning to madam, " have you noticed it ? She is so Tery like your husband." "Yes, I see it," says madam in a low, con strained tone. Even now, after all these years that have passed, that one unapproachable grief does not bear talking about. "I suppose your father, Niel Delaney—I suppose he never told you about me," says the old ladv, still holding Norah's hand very kindly, ana smiling at her as though pleased by what she sees. " It is years ago, of coarse. One may well be forgotten. He did not speak to you of Mrs. O'Shaughnessy." 'Oh, yes! Yes, indeed!" says the Duchess —" Often. I think "—with an adora able blash and a soft shy movement of her eye lids—" he used to call yon Bessie." "And so he did," says Mrs. O'Shaughnessy, plainly enchanted by this touch. " And so he still remembers me? That's nice now amongst old. friends, and you must tell him from me— when writing, mind," with a soft squeeze of her hand, " that I remember him too, as well as when I was Bessie M'Gillicudcly. God) bless you, my dear; you are a very sweet child. [ And now sit here by me for a minute or two. Fd haTO called on you long ago; but I'm only just back from Italy—yesterday, indeed— and -At this instant somebody from behind layB his hands orer Mrs. O'Shanghnessy's eyes and surprises her into silence. The same some body still further adds to his offence by bestow ing a hearty salute upon her plump cheek. "Now, "Denis! And that's yourself, of course. Not another one would have the audacity. Worse luck!" cried Mrs. O'Shaugh nessy. gaily disengaging herself. " Pity it is, the colonel isn't here to see. Well, and even if I was 20 years younger, I daresay I wouldn't Bay no to that kiss, even thongh I might pre tend to. Come, tell me everything; it seems like years since I saw one of yon. When is the wedding to be, ch? I'm young enongh to dance yet, I can tell you. I'm not betraying secrets, eh r" smiling at Norah. "You know of coarse of this cousin's," laying her hand on Denis's arm, " engagement!" "Yes, I know," says Norah, steadily, who has grown Tery white. Delaney has turned away to the window, and is apparently lost in contemplation of the exquisite view outside. What dreadful things is this kindly old lady going to say next, who would have bitten out her tongue rather than say anything—had she only known. " We're getting quite impatient for a wed ding, I roast tell you," sherattlesjm merrily. " We haven'thad so much as a ghost of one in the parish for the last two years. You should come to the rescue, Denis. Come, now, when is it to be!" " Is it a time for talking of marrying and giving in marriage," replies he, facing round again, and speaking with really a marvellous nonchalance, " with wars and rumours of wars afloat! Why, the very air is thick with the odour of rebellion. Never has Kerry been in such a di-affccted state." " Kerry! Say Ireland, and be done with it," says Mrs. O'Shaughnessy. " Well, whose fault is it!" says the Duchess suddeidy, a little fierily waking into life. " Who cares for Ireland, whether she swims or —sinks? Not England. She is a worry, a nuisance; no more. If, honourably, sbe could be got rid of, there wouldn't be a second's delay about the disposing of her. She is an incubuB—a thing at which to shrug tiie shoul der. But has she ever been sbown fair play ? looking at Dennis, " I have You know, always said that j) or Ireland has been slighted —kept at a distance, as it were—whilst the rest of Great Britain, Scotland, notably, has been petted ad nattsMin, And yet I am sure a little, a very little, love would have made her loyal to the backbone." " There's a rebel for you'" said Delaney, laughing, glad to an absurd degree in that anything has led her to spontaneously address him again. " Faith, there's a deal of sense, though, in what she says," declares Mrs. O'Shaughnessy, ■halting her ringlets, vigorously; " a rare good smattering of reason. • Only- tlio day's too hot to follow it up. Let us comb out and see what our friends in the open air are doing." 