LIKE AND UNLIKE. By M. E. BRADDON, Author of 'Lady Audley's Secret,' 'Wyl- lard'a Weird,' &c;, &c;, Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights teeexvedj Chapter XXXYHL — ' What is it that ?youFsAB?' — (Continued, ) Mrs. Baddeley stayed on with her father, though the London season was beginning. It was not that she loved Devonshire mote, but that she feared South Ken sington, most. The tradespeople were pushing for their accounts, {and lawyers' letters were growing frequent. It was easier to face these things At a distance than on the spot, where every vibration of the electric bell jarred her nerves, and set her heart beating vehemently in appre hension of immediate eviL Here at ieasfa, though she received the letters, she did nob near the bell ; and she was out of reach of any importunate creditor who might be so audacious as to demand an interview. So she put her arms round the colonel's neck one morning at break fast, and told him the would not desert him. She wonld stay till Frank's return. ' God bless you, my love,' faltered her father, ' I thought you wonld stand by me in my loneliness. Indeed, Leo, I am half broken hearted about your sister. Her present existence is a mystery to me, and I can scarcely bear my life under the burden of that mystery. If she was anywhere within the reach of this paper,' striking his fist npon the Times, that; lay open on the table, 'she must have under stood my appeal. Where In Heaven's name is she hiding ? Some one must know.' 'Yes, some one must know,' answered Leonora. ' I will tell you of one thing that you can do, father. You cannot go to Ceylon. The journey is too long, and you are too old. But yon can telegraph a question to St. Austell. Ask him if he knows where Helen is to be found Ask him to answer you on his honor. He can not refuse to answer such an appeal,' ' I'll telegraph to him. You are right, Leo. I must find out where my poor girl is. I must leave no stone unturned. ' He did not like to send his ocean message from Chadford Post-office, where it would inevitably excite curiosity and give occasion for goBsip, so he went to Exeter next day, Intending to send the message from there, but, after he had alighted at the Exeter station it suddenly occurred to him that he was just in time for the London expresB, and on the spur of the moment he decided on going to London. He telegraphed to Mrs Badde ley, promising to return next day, and he took his ticket for Waterloo. ' It was 6 o'clock when he arrived, and dark, so he put dimself in a hansom and drove straight to the Badminton, and went into the coffee-room to order his dinner. When he had given the order for half-past 7 he went to the reading room and seated himself at the table near the fire, to compose his message. There were telegraph forms on the table, but he began a rough draft on a sheet of paper :— ' To Lord St. Austell, Ceylon. 'I entreat you to inform me of my daughter's present whereabouts. Answer frankly, on your honor, to a heart- broken father. — Deverill. ' He read the words three times over, wondering if they were strong enough. He paused after the third reading, wiped his forehead with a weary air, and looking up absently, with his pen in his hand, saw St. Austell standing in front of the lire place looking down at him. ' My God !' he cried, starting to his feet. ' This is the most extraordinary thiDg. I thought you were in Ceylon.' ' I was until a few weeks ago. I came home the week before last — too soon, my doctor tells me, but I was heartily sick of the place. You don't look over well, Deverill.' The colonel was ghastly. He had dropped back into his seat, and was arranging the papers before him with tremulous fingers. He handed St. Austell the rough draft of the message without a word. ' What does it mean ?' St. Austell asked after he had read the blurred words in the colonel's big penmanship. ' The question is plain enough I think. Until very lately I thought my daughter was with you in Ceylon. I hear she was notthere ; but all the same you are likely to know her present address. For pity's sake tell me where she is — at once. I am longing to find her. — to protect and cherish her. I am ready to forgive all — to forgive her and you.' The room was empty, but the colonel spoke in suppressed tones, with the consciousness that he was in a public place. ' My dear colonel, I wish I could help you — but I can't. As for forgiveness, you have nothing to pardon in me except the fact that I was madly in love with your daughter — and tried to win her — and failed. If my sin in so trying was great, my punishment was greater. I never loved any woman as I loved Helen Bel field, and she threw me over at the last moment.' ' But I have your letter of instructions about her journey — everything mast have been planned between you.' 'It was, so far as I could plan ; but I tell you she threw me over. She was to have met me at Exeter, but she didn't. I waited for three trains, and then went on to London in -a -rage — mad, despairing. I had been most completely fooled.' 'But she meant to run away with you ?' ' So I thought on the previous after noon.' ' She made her plans deliberately ; her trunks were all packed.' 'Indeed. That looks business-like. And yet she threw me over, you see, and carried her trunks somewhere else.' ' No. Her luggage was all left in her own rooms at the Abbey. Wherever she went, Bhe must have gone in such a state of mind that she took no trouble to secure her own property. Not evenher comforts for the journey. Her travelling bag — my own wedding gift— wsb left. Itwasinan inner pocket of that bag that I found your letter.' ' And she has not claimed her belong ings since then,' asked St. Austell, with a troubled brow. 'Ho.' ' And you have heard nothing of her since that time— absolutely nothing.' 'Not one word. I thought she was with you. You were heard of in Paris — with a lady.' 'A passing acquaintance — and a Pari sienue.' ' Yon were heard of In Venice — again with a lady.' ' ^ ...'....' _- M An old frlenct — a Florentine Countess, who was good enough to go about with me a little in my solitude — we dined together, and lunched together cd fresco, half a dozen times. That was all. And you have heard nothing about your daughter —In all these months — from August to March— you have had no letter from her —no information directly or indirectly.'1 * **2?ot one word.' ? **Then Colonel Deverlllj I can only say the business looks very alarming,' uald St. Austell turning bis face to the mantel piece, and resting his head upon his arm; The colonel saw that he was deeply moved. There was a silence of some moments, and then the older man asked In a faltering voice — *'? What is it thab you fear ?' ' I don't know. I — I— can't tell you. My fears are vague and shapeless ; but it is a shock to me, to find you are so com pletely in the dark about her. I loved her devotedly, Colonel Deverill. If she had trusted hereelf to me as she promised I would have made her my wife, now that I am a free man. I would have done all that a man can do to recompense her for her sacrifice.' 'I believe she must be in hiding somewhere ; in some Anglican sisterhood, some semi-monastic retreat, where she is not allowed to see the newspapers, or to write letters to anyone in the outer world,' said the colonel after a pause. 'Yes, It may be so,' answered St. Austell, moving away from the mantel piece and seating himself opposite Colonel Deverill at the writing table. ' It may be so. It would be like her to go and bury herself alive in a fit of religious en thusiasm. She was a creature of rapid changes of mood. When I thought I was most secure of her, know ing very well that she loved me, Bhe spread her wings as suddenly as a batter fly, and waB gone. I was hardly sur prised when she cheated me, bat I was very angry. My pride was wounded. I had grovelled before her, and I told myaelf i would grovel no more. So I went off to the Continent hi a sullen state of mind, and I went to Ceylon in the same temper, and my life was loathsome to me all the time I stayed there.' 'Upon my soul I am aorry f or you,' said the colonel, ' though I suppose I ought to be the last man in the world to say so. It is a most unhappy business ? unhappy from first to last. She might have married an excellent young man, who could have given her a fine position. She chose to jilt him for the sake of his worthless brother, who neglected her. Her whole life haa been a mistake.' ' Which she is trying to atone for, per haps, hi the dull round of conventual work, ministering to the Blck, feeding the hungry, praying, fasting, wearing out her young life and her beauty within four walls. It is maddening to contemplate,' eaid St. Austell. And yet it was not so bad as the fear which had shaken him just now, when he had disguised his thought from the colonel, not daring to breathe that apprehension in a father's ear. He had feared that Helen might have made away with herself. That she had felt herself too weak to withstand tempta tion, and had preferred death to dis honor. There might be a woman left, perhaps even in this nineteenth century, capable of such a choice. ' Will yon let me help you to search for her,' he asked, 'not directly, but in directly ?' ' How can you help me ?' St. AusteH cook out his card case, and wrote a name and address on the back of a card. ** That man can help you to solve any mystery,' he eaid. ' He is a gentleman in education and manners. You may 'trust him, and thoroughly. When it comes to the matter of recompense refer him to me ' Colonel Deverill -Iid not go back to Devonshire next day aa he bad promised. He was absent from Myrtle Cottage for nearly a week, and when he returned he was accompanied by a gentleman whom he introduced to Mrs. Baddeley as his old friend Melnotte, the famous African ! traveller. Leonora was not learned upon the sub- ! ject of Africa or the Royal Geographical Society. She had heard such names a3 1 Cameron and Stanley, which she asBosiated ? vaguely with sand, camels, black men, and ? yellow fever. She had no love for the Dark Continent. It gave her neither silk gownd nor high art furniture ; and she was proud to remember that her diamonds were genuine Brazilians. She yawned when her father expatiated upon the in teresting experiences of his guest, and pat him forward as a man whom it was an honor to know. ' He Be ems an inoffensive little person,' said Leo, 'and Tory evidently likes him. But I cannot imagine him getting the belter of a lion, or discovering the source of a river. And then he is so dreadfully lame. How did he ever get about Africa with that lame leg ?' ' He was not always lame. His gun burst one day when he was shooting ante lopes and wounded him in the hip.' ' Well, he is a rather nice little soul, and I hope he will put you in better spirits,' answered Leo lightly. Her father told her nothing about his interview with St. Austell. He was un usually grave and silent after his return from London, but on the arrival of an in vitation to dinner from Lady Belfield he hastened to accept it. 'My friend, Melnotte, the African traveller, is staying with me,' he wrote, 'and I should much like to be allowed to Include him in our party.' The messenger who carried Colonel Deverill's note brought back Lady Bal field's reply. 'I shall be charmed to make Mr. Melnotte's acquaintance, though I confess to a lamentable ignorance about Africa. I am prepared to be interested, but not intelligent.' Leonora Baddeley had described Mr. Melnotte accurately when she spoke of him as an inoffensive little person. He was small, with a small round head, close cropped hair, and rather insignificant features . But his eyes were remarkable — luminous, keen, quick, and yet steadfast. Those rather prominent blue-grey eyes had a kindly look too, keen as they were. Mr. Melnotte was not handsome ; but he was a pleasant- looking little man, and seemed thoroughly at his ease in a dress coat, in spite of Africa. ' I almost expected to see you with a circle of. ostrich feathers standing straight up from your head,' said Leonora, laugh ing, as she stood ready for her fur cloak, gorgeous in black and gold, one of those go vrns. -which defy description and leave only a vagtse impression of Brussels lace, brocaded velvet, and bullion. ' I left my feathers in Bashuto Land,' answered Melnotte, 'but I sometimes regret a continent upon which I was not obliged to dress for dinner.' He seemed to enjoy himself -at the Abbey, whatever his prejudice ^against civilisation. He was graciously received by Lady Belfield, and Sir Adrian talked to him for a great part of the evening, and questioned him closely about his African experiences. 'I have read most of the books upon Africa,' said Adrian, ' but I blush to say I have not read yours.' '1 feave not written any book. I have been content to jog along in a very quiet way. I am pretty well known in a certain part of Africa, but I doubt if any body has ever heard of me or my adven tureB. I am not a Fellow of the Geo graphical.' Sir Adrian knew -this beforehand, a? he had looked up the list of Fellows, and had been surprised at not discovering Mr. Melnotte's name. The traveller's conversation was not the less agreeable because his fame had been somewhat exaggerated by Colonel Deverill. He told a good many interesting anec dotes, some of which were rather familiar to 8is--A5|rIaii*8*8« ; hvn then th-era uiUs.1 needB be~aTTeSemblance between all ad ventures in a primitive world, where the changes bad to be rung upon blacks, buffaloes, lions, alligators, and fever. Mr. Rocketone, Mr. and Mrs. Free mantle and their daughter Lucy, were of the party, and every one at the table, except Valentine, seemed interested in the lion and buffalo stories, the serious aspect of desert life being relieved by re collections of a comic American, who had been Mr. Melnotte's fellow-traveller at one period. Mr. Belfield heard these anecdotes with a gloomy brow, and did not trouble himself to be particularly civil to the narrator. It was the first time that Valentine had seen his father-in-law since the colonel's jtnrney to London, and when they were in the billiard-room after dinner, Colonel Deverill took occasion to mention St. AuBtell's return. Mr. Freemantle and Mr. Melnotte were playing billiards, while Valentine and .the colonel Bat on a raised settee at the end of the .room, in a panelled recess decorated with breech loaders of the latest fashion, and rapiers that had been carried by bucks and bloods in the days of Addison and Chesterfield. Mr. Melnotte played a neat game, but he was a very slowplayer— aggraratingly slow, Mr. Freemantle thought when he had to wait through a longikh break, his oppo nent deliberating before every shot, and looking down his cue meditatively before he took his aim. ' A man who can play as well as he does needn't be so confoundedly slow,' thought Mr. Freemantle. Colonel Deverill smoked half his cigar in silence, while Valentine sat by his side, apparently engrossed by watching the game. ' Have you known your African friend long ?' he asked, presently. ' A longish time.' 'He was never at Moreomb, was he ?' 'No, he was in Bashuto Land when I had Moreomb.' 'Ah, to be sure. He is not very yellow, considering he has been so long under an African sun.' ' Oh, he has been back over a twelve month, knocking about in Ireland ; answered the colonel. ' But never mind him. I've got something more im portant tc talk about. I have seen St. Austell.' Valentine's brow darkened, and his color slowly faded, till even his lips were ashy white. ' When— where? ' was all he asked. The colonel described the meeting at the Badminton. ' There has been a mistake,' he said in conclusion. 'I no longer ask you to divorce your wife — for in all probability Bhe is innocent of any sin against you, except the error of suffering her affection to be won by another man, I ask yon now to find her. It is your duty to do that, and without an hour's loss of time.' ' That 1b all mighty fine,' exclaimed Valentine savagely. 'My wife chooses to run away and bide herself, after pen ning a deliberate avowal of her love for another man — and you tell me it is my duty to find her. 1 tell you that from the hour she wrote that letter she was dead to me. It was our final, irrevocable part ing. Living or dead she was my wife no loDger. You are her father ; she has not outraged you — sh9 has not cast you off with scornful words, aB she did me. It is for you to look after her.' ' You may be sure, Mr. Beifield, that I shall not fail to do a father's duty,' answered the colonel, throwing down the end of his cigar and grinding it under his heel somewhat savagely, to the detriment of the polished parquet. He could bat feel that Valentine had some justification for repudiating all obli gation towards a wife who had written such s letter as that in which Helen had declared her intended Sight. That ier courage bad failed, or that her conscience I had been awakened at the last moment, would hardly make atonement to an angry, insulted husband. Chattek XXXIX. — A Decided Case of Dry Eot. After that brief conversation with Colonel Deveiill in the billiard-room Valentine Belfield withdrew himself still more from the society of his fellonr men. Even Ms appearance in the hunting-field became spasmodic. He was rarely seen at the meet, but would contrive to fall ia with the hounds about the middle of the day, and would ride till the finish like a modern Zamiel, or any other demoniac character, with a reckless disregard of his own bones which was only a little less offensive than his carelessness about other people. ' I believe Belfield must offer a premium for kicking horses, or he could never get such brutes as he rides,' said Mr. Freemantle, who rode a sobar, well mannered weight- carrier in a sober and gentleman-like way, and who contrived to keep pretty near the hounds without exerting himself much. There was a general feeling that Mr. Belfield had gone altogether to the bad since his wife's disappearance. People pitied him, but wanted to see as little, of him as possible. He had never been a favorite in the neighborhood, and of late his sullen manner had been calculated to alienate even friendship. And now it had become known that St. Austell was in London, and people — Especially the feminine portion of the community — began to be exercised in mind as to what could have become of Mrs. Belfield. Had she eloped with St. Austell, and had they quarrelled and parted after, brief union ? Or had she never gone off with him ? That was the question debated with hushed breath over many an afternoon tea-table. ' Has she any old aunt hi Ireland with whom she would be likely to be living ?' asked one of the Miss Treduceys. ' Most girls have an old aunt that they can go to on sn emergency.' ' I don't believe Mrs. Belfield haa any thing bo respectable as an old aunt be longing to her,' replied Dorothy Toff staff, who was soured by three unsuccess ful seasons in London, during which all the attentions she had received had been too obviously inspired by her father's wealth rather than by her own charms. ' My Idea is that ahe went off with Sd. Austell, as everybody thought at the time of her disappearance, and that he has grown sick of an empty-headed beauty, and has left her in India. She would be sure to get picked np by somebody,' added Miss Toffstaff, with the air of consigning Mrs. Belfield to the Oriental gutter. Thus lightly did society at Chadford discues the problem of a fallen sister's fate ; but it was not so lightly that Lady Belfield considered the mystery of her daughter-in-law's disappearance. In a conversation with Colonel Deverill, she drew from him much that had passed be tween him and St. Austell, and the idea that Helen had changed her mind at the last, after writing that terrible letter, filled her with a new hope. What more likely than that the erring girl had turned to some conventual sanc tuary as the possible shelter from tempta tion ; as Louise de la Valliere in the dawn of love fled from her royal lover to the convent. There only could she find a safeguard against her own passionate heart, an aid for her own weak will. Such a course would account for the unclaimed trunks in the bed chamber. For the handmaid of heaven, vowed to holy poverty, fine clothes and feminine luxuries were a dead letter. Impressed with this Idea, Lady Belfield resolved to travel quietly through the West of England, visiting all those insti tutions, Anglican or Romanist, to which Helen might possibly have attached her self. She had taken Mr. Rockstone into her confidence, and with his aid she had obtained all the information neceBsary to guide her search. She told Adrian nothing of ha* pcrpoae -anti* hv* jsiaa was madB and she was on the eve of setting out with her old servant for her companion. The journey would not be a long one. The furthest point was to be tie convent in Lanherne Valley, on the north coast of Cornwall. To her disappointment Adrian strongly opposed her scheme. 'Dear -mother, no good would result from all that fatigue and anxiety on your part,' he said gently. ' I am sure that Helen is not in any such retreat.' ' But how can you be sure T ' Mother, I have reason to know. You must ask me no more. You must have some pity npon me,' said Adrian, deadly pale. ' You know that lost girl's fate, and yet hide the truth from me ?' 'There are -secrets that must be kept — that are sacred. Mother, you know how fondly I love you. In my own life there has never been a secret ; but in this case I cannot tell you all I know without be traying another .person. You would not have me guilty of dishonor.' 'No, no ; you know I would not. But let me understand— give me some kind 6f hope and comfort. You know where she is, then ; you have known all along V Adrian bent his head in assent. ' ' And yet you let me puzzle and torture myself about her.' ' I was tongue-tied.' ' I Bee. She confided in you. It was to her you bound yourself to silence V ' I can answer no questions.' ' But you can tell me that she is safe — happy ?' ' She is safe. She did not elope with Lord St. AusteH Her last sin against her husband was the writing of that fatal letter.' ' Thank God 1 But why may I not know her retreat ? Why may I not see her again 1 You know that I loved her aB a daughter. Even if she can never be re united to her husband she may at least be restored in some measure to me. And there ia her poor father, too. Why should he be tortured by uncertainty, or allowed to think that his daughter is leading a wicked life ? It Is your duty to reveal the tiuth, Adrian.' 'It is my dnty to keep my oath. Mother, if you say one word more, I shall regret having trusted you. I beseech you to keep faith with me. Not one syllable to any one, least of all to Valen tine.' ' Poor Valentine. Can you see him so miserable and yet not tell him ? ' ' Nothing I could tell would help him. Mother, the best thing you can do for your own peace of mind — and for us all — is to forget the past so far as it can be forgotten. There is nothing that can be done- — nothing. I think you know that I am not without conscience — that I have Eome sense of duty. If there were any thing that could be done I would do it ; but there is nothing. As I hope for the life eternal there is no act of yours or mine that can be of any service to her whose loss we both deplore.' His words and looks were so deeply earnest that his mother could not dis believe. Adrian had been her strong rock in the last few years ; her friend and companion, the one being whose pre sence always brought brightness and comfort, upon whose sound tsense and unselfish affection she could rely. She was mystified, but she was submissive, and the journey to Lanherne was given up. She told Mr. Rockstore only that she had changed her mind. ' I think you have done right In aban doning your idea,1' he said. ' Be surejthat if Mrs. Belfield is in any retreat of that kind she will communicate with you be fore long. Her heart will yearn for you as time goes by, and the longing to see you or to hear from you will be too strong to be repressed by any ascetic rule, how ever severe.' After that conversation with hismother, Adrian had an uneasy feeling that he had said too much, that he had gone too near the betrayal of his brother's dreadful secret. Yet to have allowed his mother to follow a phantom, to wear out her heart in false hopes and disappointing researches, was more than his duty as a Bon would allow. His first thought had been of his mother ; it was for her sake that he had kept Valentine's secret ; and it was for her sake that he had lifted a corner of the veil. It was for her sake that ho tried to seem happy and at ease when his heart was gnawed by care, and his life darkened by the shadow of fear. ' Let us forget,' ho hvl «&M; to her ; and often, in the long *!?-«* »'*yn, he had said to himself, 'Oh, «-«!, if J uyuld bat forget.' His daily walk was by tlio river. He seemed drawn there by an irresistible attraction. Scarcely a day pwinod on which he did not stand beside that silent pool beneath whose dark water lay the murdered wife. He went there of teneat in the twilight, when all things had a vague and ghostly aspect, or when the eye created its own spectres out of the commonest forms. He wondered some times that her spirit had never appeared to him, when his thoughts were so full of her. He gazed with, melancholy eyes among the shadows of the willow trunks, half expecting to see a spectral form waving tremulously above the bank, like a ghastly Undine. But there was nothing. The dead made no sign. One evening he saw a red spark shining brightly amidst the gray. It came nearer as he advanced along the path, and pre sently he found himself face to face with Mr. Melnotte, who was strolling quietly along, smoking a big cigar. ' Good evening, Sir Adrian. A mild night, and a picturesque spot.' Very ; but I should think it must seem uncommonly tame to you after the Zam besie Falls.' 'Oh, but I am catholic in my tastes. I can admire an English landscape as heartily as if I had never seen Africa. A favorite walk of yours, Sir Adrian 1' ' Yes, it is one of my favorite walks.' ' I thought so. I have seen you here nearly every evening for the last ton days. I generally take my afternoon stroll in this direction, but on the opposite bank. Lady Belfield was so good as to say I might make free with .the park and meadows.' 'Naturally. Any friend of Colonel Deverill's would be welcome. Is this your first experience of Devonshire ?' 'Of this side of the county, yes. I know the south coast pretty well. A de lightful county. ' You aie not a Devonshire man ?' ' I have not that privilege ' There Was a silence. Mr. Melnotte did not volunteer any information as to his birth or parentage. He was a curious little man in this wise, and, except for his African experiences, seemed to be a man without a history. Sir Adrian won dered how his friendship with Colonel Deverill could have come about. The two men seemed to have so little in common. From a good- natured impulse, rather than for any particular reason, he asked Mr. Melnotte to dinner, an invita tion which was promptly accepted. ' It is always a pleasure to visit such a house asyours, Sir Adrian,' he said ; ' a house with a history. ho doubt the abbey has its history.' ' Yes. It has a good many histories, or traditions.' 'Any ghosts. Any story of a dark crime in the remote past?' 'I have heard of neither ghost nor crime.' ' Well, it is a noble old bouse, even without those embellishments,' said Mel* notte cheerfully, 'and the park and gardens are perfect. This is a tributary of the Chad, 1 suppose, the river hi your grotmds?' 'Yes, it unites with the Chad lower down.' ' A swift, deeplsh river, eh ?' ' It makes a very- pretty feature in yonr grounds. Nothing like water for giving beauty and variety to a landscape. To-morrow evening, at 8, I -think you said, Sir Adrian ? Good night.' Mr. Melnotte crossed a rustic bridge and disappeared in the twilight on the further bank, while Adrian strolled slowly along the cypress walk. He was met by Lucy Freemantle, who unconsciously suggested a reminiscence of Shakespeare's Beatrice. ' I have been sent to ask you to come to tea,' she said, blushing a little, her complexion of lilies and roses looking brighter than ever in the grey winter, atmosphere. ' You were very good to take so much trouble about me,' answered Adrian, as they shook hands. ' Oh, it was no trouble. I 'am always glad of a run. Mother and I came to call upon Lady Belfield, . and Lady Belfield was getting fidgetty about you, so mother told me to run and look for you, and I guessed I should find you this way.' ' How clever of you.' They were on very friendly terms, Lucy having known the abbey and the abbey people all her life. A few years ago when she had been in the nursery she had looked up to Sir Adrian as a, very grand person age, standing as it were apart from all other young men upon the strength of a superior position and superior attainments, but of late she had felt herself more upon a level with him, and more at her ease In his society. He called her Lucy, as a matter of course, having known her in pinafores, but she called him Sir Adrian. ' Is my brother at .home ?' he asked as they walked towards the abbey. ' No, there is no one but Lady Belfield and mother. They are talking parish talk — about the poor old people and their ail ments — such dreadful complications. How hard it seems that the poor should suffer In all ways. People who know nothing about them think they are healthy and hardy because of their scanty fare and open air life ; but when one comes to know them one finds that theory a hollow mockery. The open air may be very good for us, but the poor get too much of it.' She spoke warmly, havUfg just come from a scene of suffering in one of the cottages. She was a frank, warm-hearted, energetic girl, tall and strong, in the full bloom of youth and beauty, a girl for whom life meant action and duty, not dress ^ind pleasure. Yet at a county ball Bhe danced aB gaily as the most feather headed of her sisterss, and never com plained, as they did, of an evening being slow. Lady Belfield and Mrs. Freemantle were sitting by the fire in the inner draw ing room, the cosy tea table and hissing kettle between them. They had been joined by Mr. Hockstone, who sat in one of the most luxurious of the large arm chairs, with his legs stretched out in front of the hearth, basking in the glow of a friendly fireside after a long day among his poorest parishioners. They were talking of Valentine. ' He ought to make an effort, my dear Lady Belfield,' said the vicar. ' The blow that has fallen upon him is a heavy one, but it is almost unmanly to succumb as he has done. His whole being is under going deterioration. He has brooded upon the one great wrong until his soul has become steeped in gall. He is a misan thrope at an age when men generally love their fellow creatures. Something masfc be done to save him from himself.' ' Yes, something must be done,' echoed Mrs. Freemantle. ' It is terrible to see a fine young man like Valentine lapsing into physical and moral decay. My hus band tells me that he shuns all his old friends— does not even show at the meet, and rides in a way that shows he cares no more for other people's lives than he does for his own. He ought to go to Aus tralia.' 'That is the remedy, Mrs. Free mantle, 'said the vicar, 'a new country — Australia or the Bed River district — anew and sot too civilised country — utterly new surroundings. That kind of thing Is your only Lethe ; the only remedy for a mind diseased. I know It would grieve yon to part with him, my dear Lady Belfield, but yon would have him back in two or three years a new man ; whereas if you let him ^ Btay here decay Is inevitable. You re member what Dickens says about the dry rot in a man. I'm afraid poor Valentine 'a is a case of dry rot.' v ' I would do anything for hia welfare — sacrifice anything,' replied Lady Belfield. ' Then you and Adrian must put your beads together and persuade him to travel — California, Texas, Red River, or even Africa, if he fancies shooting antelopes, or dealing in buffaloes. You can take advantage of this Mr. Melnotte, who I am told fs a mighty traveller. The grand thing is to rouse Valentine from his present apathy and set him going in eome way. ' 'I am entirely of your opinion, vicar,' eaid Adrian. ' My brother wants new Hurroundings. A young man without aims or interests, moping away his life in a country place, la a sorry spectacle. I will take him in hand to night.' 'Do, my dear Adrian,' exclaimed Mrs. Freemantle. 'I have known you and yonr brother too long to be able to see either of yon going wrong without speak ing my mind.' They sat round the fire for some time after this talking of many things, enjoying the blaze of the great pine logs and the aroma of Lady Belfield's excellent tea— but two among them were heavy at heart, cheerful aa the general tone of the con versation might be. For Adrian there had been no such thing as happiness, or even peace of mind, since that fatal night. His hie had been one long pretence. It was a hunting day, and on such, days Valentine always stayed out among the latest, rarely appearing until after dinner. He would come into the house on the stroke of 8 perhaps, and would ba changing his clothes while the others were dining. He wonld dine alone between 9 and 10, at a little table in front of the billiard-room fire. He had never been a gourmand, but he ate now with the air of a man who hardly knows what he is eating — taking anything the servants set before him, and drinking more than was good for him. 'He ain't got no appreciation of a nice little dinner,' said Andrew despondently. ' It don't pay to take pains about it, Mia. Marrable, as I tells cook. Give him a bottle of burgundy and the liqueur stand after dinner and he asks no questions.' There were no more of those cheery tea-drinkings with the mother after the day's sport ; no more recitals of the day's adventures. The young man went out alone La the morning, moody and silent $ he came home in the same temper. His - mother had watched him in quiet grief, hoping that aa the months went, by the bruised spirit would recover; bat time seemed only to deepen that abiding gloom, and of late she had grown hopeless. Thus it was that «he was ready to receive; any plausible suggestion. ' He was late on this particular evening, . and it was not until half -past 9 that he was ready for his dinner. 'Til go and talk to him after he has dined,' said Adrian, who had been linger ing over dessert with his mother, trying to cheer her with the promise of brighter days. 'Do, dear. For pity's sake Influence him for good. lam helpless. His mind is a Bealed book to me. He has never confided in me from the time of bis boy hood. He has taken his own way always,' for good or for eviL' .''' (Toie continued.} ~ 