HAMLET, FRINGE OF DENMARK. : The following paper was read by Di\ Quick at the meeting of the Shakespeare Society last night : Oh, weary life! oh, weary death, Oh, spirit and heart made desolate; Oh, damn-d vacillating state. -TENNYSOX. The above lines, extracted from one of Lord leimyson's poems, containing the supposed coil iessions of a sensitive mind not in unity with itself, if not suggested and inspired by some of the reflections of the Hamlet of Shakespeare may be fairly placed as a head-note to a paper on the subject of the famous tragedy which I bears his name. These lines seem to me to supply the key to the riddle of Hamlet's charac- ! ter, which, ever since he sprang from the brain of Shakespeare, has been surrounded with mystery, and he gives rise to inter minable discussion and theories, more or less interesting. ^ The conflicting and exagger ated notions in circulation respecting the mental and moral calibre of this extraordinary pro auction of our tragic poet must have arisen in SP'Tf a superficial study of the work tselt, and a tendency to accept secondary evi dence of the drift of Hamlet's mind, and the siirroundprft " (°''Cf antI illfluei,ce3 which hL doom pm' alKl Whlch eventually sealed otdv iri nm- -" 'Uy ,Part' 1 beli"e that it is. ouly_in our ripened years of life, and after .caieful examination of this tragedy scene bv .scene, line by line, and word by wo d t at it is possible to form anvthi.m m-" ' . mate estimate of the Hamfet of Shakespeare" There are many portraits of Hamlet to be found in literary criticism and theatrical per formances, but they do not correctly represent ^ Prby- t,le _n^ghty ? master. Most of us who have given attention to the subject can remember, like a writer whose name I fen-get, that our 'knowledge or iS JlL- V ' i have passed through several distinct and successive stages of develop-, meiit and expansion. First in the order I ol history .came the Hamlet of our child hood, when we stood in the borders of the great i world of thought and fancy giving an outline to actions, when we heard for the first time of the lunatic Prince of Denmark who saw his father's 1 ghost, and who was charged with the duty of j avenging his father's murder. Next flashes upon our recollection the Hamlet of thosta«c, upon which we saw the melancholy sable-suited I -rrince personated by star actors of the first or second magnitude, but oftener of the third and indifferent rate, who, surrounded by dramatic gavecU3 garbled and preposterous i epi csentations of a ranting, roaring, madcap person, delivering elocutionary addresses to the audience, declaming against the world, the 1 flesh and the devil, insulting his friends, Kosencrantz and Guildenstein treating his lady- love, Ophelia, with cruelty and brutality gloating with fiendish delight i °Tth0 .lmsel-ies of Ms faithless n,I1I»»S away from the revenge of his father upon his uncle Claudius, turning up again m an extraordinary fashion -in a churchyard, jesting over the skull of poor nfn'nll'r" 1u?"'eli"g with Laertes at the grave of, Ophelia, and finally terminating his career in j a so called friendly rapier coutest with Laertes, and stabbing his uncle when he knows that be himself has beenmortally wounded by treachery, -these stage versions of Hamlet were very poor and beggarly indeed; they were mere vague dis tortions of the ideal, and were calculated to create disgust and to repel rather than to render the study of the play instructive and attractive, t , reflfotion. Lastly, we turned to i the study of ffijmlet m the pages of Shakespeare himself, and there we found something real and substantial, which could not be contemplated without wonder at and admiration of the genius which gave it shape and life. There we found, not the mad Hamlet of our youth, not the ranting and grotesque Hamlet of the players,, but the sober,'thoughtful, scholarly Hamlet of our maturer years, Hamlet, the prince, the | soldier, the student, the philosopher, the triend and companion of our quiet walks and solitary .meditative moments, whose waverine irresolute history, sickled over with the pale cast of thought, is full of lessons of'the pro- I foundest human importance. This is the true Hamlet; the others are mere fantasies. Dr Johnson wrote that if the dramas of akespeare wei eto be characterised, eaeli by the particular excellence which distinguishes it from the rest, we must allow the tragedy of Hamlet the praise of a variety of incidents" and scenes | interchangeably diversfied with merriment and solemnity. After careful consideration, I can not resist the conclusion that this is an inac curate description of the predominant elements which distinguish this play from all others. In variety of incident and scenes it does not excel or even approach the tragedy of King Lear, and as regards merriment blended with solemnity, I fail to discover one single passage ' of real merriment in the whole work The nearest approach to it is in the grave-diners' scene, but the ghastly babbling of the ntstic i clowns m the presence of death, is still far, very far removed from the idea of fun. If there be I two words which more than others condense the vein and texture of the whole creation into a small compass, they are thought and death. ' Ihese conjoint ideas run through the piece from beginning to end. Whatever other incidents I are introduced, they are necessary and accessory to the delineations of a thoughtful mind, face to tace with the sovereign power which beetles over the progress of events, like an evil genius. The dreadful apparition of death appears to the | night watchers in the opening scene in the shape of the ghost of Hamlet's father/ The thought! of death is constantly appearing uppermost' in Hamlet s contemplations; in the memory of Lis murdered father; in his musings on the weariness and flatness of life, in his reflections on self-slaugnter, in his forward and backwaid longings, in his oft-repeated but tardily accom plished resolutions to slay his perifidious uncle Vn"i .n'au ls' again is witnessed in the killing of Polonius, in the insanity and suicide of Ophelia, in the funeral proceedings at the church yard, and above all in the hideous l uin which at last overwhelms and destroys all the principal and surviving actors in that strange eventful narrative. The tragic story of Hamlet is that of the struggles and wrestlings of a human soul perplexed with the problem of existence, panting for death and yet afraid to face the life to come, eager to wreak a righteous revenge upon the murderer of his father, yet vacillating and dilatory in the performance of that duty, and putting it off until that morrow I which never came. Here it must be observed | that Hamlet is his own interpreter, and that we gather the best information as to his character from the words of his own lips and the medita tions of his own heart. Hence, he must be judged more by his introspective musings, his self-cross-examinations, his self-promptness to I higher purpose and nobler achievements, and his self-denunciations for his failures, than by his actions and conduct in the presence of and | in relation to others; because, -after his father's death he had a double existence, one in the world, and the other in the privacy of his inner life. To the sacred precincts of that life-within we are introduced by the poet ; we hear him speaking to himself and communing with his Creator; his words translated to us contain his thoughts expressed aloud. Hoiv vain is it, then, tu attempt to place Hamlet on the sta«e to recite his woes and describe his anguish toaa | gaping audience which may not be capable of appreciating anything except sound and fury, signifying nothing? What a mockery on the Hamlet of Shakespeare ? Before analy sing Hamlet's mind and character as de scribed by himself and reflected by others, let us note his antecedents and prospects at the opening of the tragedy. Ilis age, accom plishments,training, tastes and the environments moulding his dispositions and shaping his ends j are narrated by various witnesses as the plot is unfolded, and their testimony to a large extent j tallies with his own. He had arrived at what is described by many writers as " the dangerous period of life." the age of thirty, just leaving his youthful.years behind, and standing on the°bor der of manhood. But in education,experience and reflection he was older than in tliese'yoars of the almanac ; he was still attending the University of Wittenberg, where he had distinguished himself as a philosophical student, as well as in soldierly acquirements, such as the art of fencing and knightly deeds, in which he was an expert. He was also a friend and patron of the tragedians of the city, and a critic and recotr uised authority 011 the proprieties of the stage, and the art of elocution and acting. Hamlet's advicejto the players is a perfect model of per fection, containing all the rules and principles which, to our own day, properly regu late the style and action of the hi'«li toned drama, whoso proper function is to holdlip as it were a mirror to nature. Hamlet was a student not only of archaie lore and refined arts with which the book and volume of his brain was well stored, but a student of human -<atnre in all its form and variations. He saw lit? tendency of the times in which he lived was ? > elevate the moral and political condition of' the "distracted multitude." For three years prior to the stirring events with which the drama begins he had been watching the signs of the times, and he saw that the r.ge had grown so picked and progressive that the toe of the peasant came so near the heel of the courtier 1 I that " ho galled his kibe." Even in addressing a rustic clown, a prince, and a gentleman, must speak by the card or equivocation would undo tliem, and so he became the popular idol of the people. For this we have the reliable testimony of his uncle Claudius. Again, Hamlet was not given to contemplate merely the superficial aspect of the social and temporal iffairs of his time and country. He was a searcher of the heart of mystery and endeavored to plumb the depths of some of the great problem of humanity. His notebook was filled with the result of his meditation. He could gaze upon this goodly frame the earth ; this most excellent canopy the air; this brave overhanging firmament, the majcstical roof of heaven,, fretted with golden fire, and he could contrast such sublime wonders with the sterile promontories and tlie foul and, pestilent congregation of vapours that disfigure and, contaminate the fleeting scenes of human life. And still, amid the chaos and above con flicts of things mortal, he could glance his thoughts higher than man, that quintessence of dust, and say :' There's a divinity that shapes our ends, Rough-hew them how we will. He was fond of music, of . exercise and of solitary studious walks as a counter poise and relief to tha excitement and attractions of the royal and dazzling sphere in which he was born to play a prominent part. Heir-apparent to the crown of Denmark, lie occupied a brilliant position by birth, rendered still more illustrious by his own splendid talents and acquired accomplishments. The noble^ son of a valiant father whose name he inherited, lie well came within Ophelia's description of him. . Oh what a noble mind. . . . The courtier's, soldierfs, scholar'seye; tongue, sword; The expectancy and rose of the fair state, The gloss of fashion and the mould of form, The observed of all observers. . . ;; . Thus had thirty years of Hamlet's earthly career glided away insmoothuess.and tranquility, streaked with thought, and'unclouded by care or disaster. But suddenly a change came o'er the spirit of the dream.. Like a thunderstorm that breaks the calm and destroys the bright ness of a summer's day an event happened that annihilated all his, hope and all liis happiness, that turned the lightness of his young soul into the blackness of midnight despair and darkness; that killed all faith tliat lie ever had in the life that is) and caused him to dread the life to come. ? That event was the sudden death of his royal father, who was one afternoon found dead Reclining on a seat in his garden. The circumstances of that death were very mysterious but it was given out that the sting of a serpent was the cause of death. Hamlet, with heavy heart, went home from the University to attend his father's funeral, which to his amazement was rapidly followed by the elevation of his uncle Claudius to the throne-elected no doubt bya/council of nobles-and within a month or so of the'death of his father Hamlet's uncle Claudius was married to Hamlet mother Gertrude. Well might Hamlet exclaim in this the preliminary dirge of his grief. Frailty thy name is woman ! A little month or, 'ere those shoes were old. With which she followed my poor father's body. Like Niobe. all tears; why she, even she, (O God! a beast that wants discourse of nature Would have mourned longer) married with my uncle, My father's brother but no more like my father Than I to Hercules. Thisi is the -first glimpse that we obtain of soul-prostrating sorrow and the consuming misery of his life. Being of a nervons, high-minded and sensitive disposition, the loss of liis father by Hamlet's m nd after his sustaining his first-born death and the appropriation of the kingship by his uncle was not so great a blow to him as the apparent disloyalty of his mother in rushing into a seeond andincestuous marriage before liis father's bones were scarcely cold in the grave. Hamlet's feelings at this discovery and his bitter experience may perhaps be translated by Lord Lytton's description of Harley L'Estrange{"My Novel" Vol 2 page 337) "When a man of a heart so loving and a nature so irregularly powerful as Harley's, suddenly and abruptly discovers deceit where he most confided, it is not (as with the calmer pupils of that liarsh teacher, experience) the mere withdrawal of esteem and affection from the one offender; it is, that trust in everything . seems gone ; it is, that the injured spirit looks back to the past and condemns all its kindlier virtues as follies that conducted to its own use and looks on the future as a journey beset with smiling traitors whom he must meet _ with equal j dissimulation, or crush with a superior force." This graphic picture of the collapse of a pure confiding upright being and its sudden transformation into a state of despair, overwhelmed with horror, is a pretty fair presentment of Hamlet's mental and moral delusion. His inky cloak, his customary suit of solemn black, his gushing tears, his dejected visage, and other forms, modes and shows ot grief,were but the outward evidences and tlia. action that a man miget display in such a tre mendous catastrophe. Bu t lie had to confess "I have that within which passethshow. These but the trappings and suit of woe." Wide, deep and far reaching were the gloomj broodings of the tempest-tossed soul of Hamlet, on account of liis father's mysterious death, and his mother's extraordinary and unnatural conduct. As against such a state of mind as this, how vain and fruitless were the attempts of his uncle king and mother queen to soothe his melancholy, by reminding him that it was the common lot that "all that live must die, passing through nature ;to iet?rnity," and that of the death of our friends and relatives. " This must be so." His rebellious spirit could not accept such consolation as that, nor could he find any temporary' relief save in .solitude. There we see the psychological struggle with out disguise. Even before he lias discovered that his father was murdered by his uncle, Hamlet actually yearns for death, and contem plates suicide. Says he Oh! that that this too too solid flesh would melt, r Thaw, and resolve itself into a dew. Or that the everlasting had not fixed His cannon against self-slaughter! O God ! O God ! How weary, stale, flat, and unprofitable, Seem tome all the use3 of this world! Fie on't! 0 fie ! 'tis an unweeded garden . That grows to seed, things rank and gross in nature, Possess it merely This is the first sign of intellectual weakness and moral cowardice displayed by the young prince.- ' Whatever the' ills and calamities of life- may be suicide is the mo3t dastardly refuge of all. Dr. George Sewell, in a poem en titled "The Suicide," ,written in 1726,. thus I states the condemnation of that crime When all the blandishments of life are gone The coward sneaks to death; the brave live on It may have been but a momentary shudder of a broken heart, but it soon passes away, and at this stage need only be remembered asau indica tion of the storm raging on the shattered tenant of Hamlets soul. " But, break my heart," he cries, "for I must hold ir.y tongue." Next comes the fearful news communicated to him by his beloved friend and fellow- student, Horatio, that Hamlet's father's ghost liacl been twice seen by Maroellua and Bernardo stalking along the platform before the castle in the dead waste and middle of the night; that on a third occasion the same apparition had been wit nessed by Horatio" himself in company with Marcellus and Bernardo; seen as lie used to be in the ilesh in all the majesty of Denmark, with countenance more in sorrow than in anger; armed from top to toe, from head to foot, with pale visage, fixed eyes and sable silvered beard -a. figure lik the buried king, proceeding along the ramparts with solemn, slow and stately march. This is news, indeed, to Hamlet, and gives a new direction to his thoughts and ap prehensions Mv father's spirit in arms! all is not well; I doubt some foul play-would the night were coma Till then, sit still, my soul. In the interview which Hamlet subsequently has with his father's ghost in the dead of night upon the same platform, Hamlet hears a tale that harrows his soul and freezes his young blood- a talc of murder most foul, strange and unnatural, fratricide, incest and usurpation-of his valiant father murdered by a brother's hand, whilst sleeping in his orchard; cut oft' in the bloom and blossom of life, and sent to liis account with no reckoning made, and all his imperfections on his head, of life and crown and queen at once despatched. " 01) ! horrible, Oh ! horrible, most horrible." Duller indeed would Hamlet have been than the fat weeds that rot on Lethe's shove had he listened to that revelation and not resolved to hasten with wings as swift as meditation and the thoughts of love to " sweep his revenge." He swears a solemn oath and appeals to the hosts of heaven to earth and hell to witness that, whilst memory holds a seat on this distracted globe, he will remember the injunction of his father's spirit; that he will wipe away all trivial and fond records, all of books, all forms and recollections of the past that youth and observation have treasured and garnered in the tablets of his brain and henceforth he will live only to obey one instinct, and' one commandment-revenge. Fierce and fiery, wild and whirling are the words with which he denounces his mother and his murderous and treacherous uncle " 0 most pernicious woman, 0 villain, villain, smiling and damned villain.'' To he Continued. 