SPORTING. BUNBURY AND ITS RACE MEETING. A year ago when I made my first visit to Bunbury, the port of the Wellington District, I could not refrain from singing the praises of the pretty little town. My second visit made during the recent race-meeting has only strengthened the favorable impression that the place and its people give to a visitor. The town lies snugly under bush- clothed hills ; the houses have, many of them, the genuine rustic appearance ; and the estuary and the river shine and shimmer lazily in the sun along the northern boundary. Here are all the attractions-and more which take tourists by the thousand to the towns on the seaside in the old country. Bathing, fishing, shooting, a beach to stroll along, hills to climb, a country to explore all these pleasures of the English holiday maker are to be had at Bunbury. This little town should become the Scarborough of Western Australia, as well as being the port for a thriving district. Many people recruiting their health, or spending a holiday have already found their way to Bau- bury, and I am confident that they were not disappointed. During the past year Bun- bury has made a great stride in the march of civilisation, but having made that stride, there she stopped, with the one foot far in advance and the other far in the rear. Whe- ther she will ever be able to escape from her awkward position depends upon the gallan- try, the sense of fairplay of the men in an- thority. The stride in the path of progress taken by Bunbury was the making of a rail- way, but the motive power necessary to make the step complete is looking. Could any civilised community be in a more invidious position than the people of Bunbury ? They have declared their readiness to march with the times ; but after receiving their equip- ment, the order to march has been counter- manded, and there they stand. It is to be hoped that their railway is not like " Grand- father's clock " in the song, and is never to go again. The line is well made, and so is the shed and so are the engines and rolling stock. All is ready and com- plete for Bunbury to make a move with the times, but the order for march is t not given. The whole thing looks more like a huge joke than a matter seriously debated in Council, and seriously undertaken by the Government. In driving about the streets of Bunbury we are brought up suddenly by the dread warning raised high above our heads, and painted in all the glare of bold letters which might be read afar-" Look out for the train." We check our horses and mechani- cally look to the right and left, but are as- sured that all is right the moment that we see a sickly smile on the faces of our Bun- bury friends. We smile too, and pass on 4 At night I more than once come upon the I warning "Look out for the train," glaring out at the cross rgads like the ghastly spectre of a felon. It hai a strange air about it, and I could not help thinking that if the men who strangled this child of progress in its birth had seen that weird warning in the stillness of the night, it would have been to them the finger of scorn mocking them for their weakness and folly. The people of Bunbury deserve the sympathy of their fellow colonists in the matter of their railway. Their town forms the port of what is certain- ly one of the best districts, if not far and away the best of the colony. Lying back from the coast are thousands of acres of good agricultural land, and of grand timber, and there they lie unused, owing to the difficulties of transport. Let the Blackwood and adja- cent country be tapped by means of the rail- way, and the Wellington will soon be one of the most thriving districts of the colony. At the present time this district is perhaps in a sounder condition than any other, there being less distress amongst the farmers than in other parts of the colony. It should not, however, be allowed to stand where it is, but should be given with the other parts of the colony, an equal chance of development. I have perhaps in making these remarks, strayed from my subject, but no visitor to Bunbury could come away without having made_the reflection that this-one of the best districts in the colony - is get- ing anything but fair play at the hands of the governing bodies. It must, I think, be admitted that in every respect the carnival was highly successful. A large number of people from Perth and Fremantle voyaged to Bunbury by the Rob Roy on the previous Sunday, and, had the steamer arrangements enabled them to return on Wednesday or Thursday, many more would have gone. The hotels were crowded to excess, and many of the visitors took lodgings in private houses. Some hundreds of the settlers came down from far and near, and I do not suppose that ever before was the little town so fall of people. It was truly a festival week. There was racing by day and dancing by night, while each evening an excellent entertain- ment was given in the Temperance Hall by an amateur Christy Minstrel troupe from Fremantle. There was light and life in the town each night until after the " witching hour," and, withal, good order was main- tained. Bunbury had been called "Sleepy Hollow," but she is "Sleepy Hollow" no longer, if one can judge of the people in their business from the people in their pleasure, The lending hotel, the Prince of Wales, of which Mr. Wisbey is the popular proprietor, was not only fully occupied by visitors, but was nightly the centre of at- traction. Hislop's, also, was as throng and busy as a beehive, and the other houses also were well patronised. All these people being in town must have meant a burst of prosperity to the little town, and this is one of the chief benefits which a race meeting confers upon a community. The racing car- nival, therefore, must have come as a boon and a blessing to the Bunbury people, and they will doubtless in future endeavour to make it even more attractive than it is at present. The sport provided was well worth the trouble and expense of the trip to Bunbury, Except in the Flying Stakes and the Wellington Cup, there was hardly an easy win, and the finishes, as a rule, were re- markably close. The Maiden Plate brought out a new horse in Matchbox,by Strike, out of an Arab mare. This colt was the property of Mr. locke and has a very taking appear- ance about him. .Though evidently very much on the big side, having really never been, trained, he ran a good race and won by finishing gamely under the whip. He was afterwards sold to Mr. House for £40, and then sold again for £60 to Mr. Gooch, who takes him to the north. The Ladies Purse brought about a turn up in the success of First king, who came up under the whip for the last half mile and heat Oberon on the post, The running of lowlander in this race and in the bandicap on the following day is difficult to understand. He was never dangerous in the Ladies' Purse, while in the Railway Stakes he ran prominently throughout and won a grand race by a short head. His owner accounts for the difference in his running by the fact that in the first race he bad his shoes on while in the second they were off. Certain it is that in the Ladies Purser Lowlander did, not, show his. true form, hut the public were not thrown off him for the Railway Stakes, for in this event they again made him favcite. In the Ladies Purse," Dr. O'Mechan's First Love, a grand looking mare, showed good form though lack- ing condition. This mare performed credit- ably, I am informed in the North, where she beat the crack Two of Hearts. The pony event and the lacks produced interesting races and the sport on the first day closed with the Bunbury Plate. |n this race Duration car- ried 9st, 11lbs. 6lbs. overweight, and was ridden by Mr. Towton. The crack looked rather big for racing, while his chief oppon- ent, Metal, was in the pink of condition. Harridan, the other runner, was by no means in the condition on which she ran at the W. A.T.C. meeting. Strange though it may seem, Metal was made a hot favourite for this race, though he met Duration at even weights, while in a handicap he would have received a stone or more over the distance Even men who declared that Duration was properly weighted for the Wellington Cup at 11st, with Metal at 9st. 9lbs., were backing Metal to win the weights for age race. It is to me an enigma that any man could honest- ly believe Metal on form to be the better horse at one mile and a half. There were little stories about to tho effect that Duration had not to win, and I suppose these had some effect upon the betting market. Those who listened to the whisperers dropped their money, for Duration ran fairly enough, though Mr. Towton made the thing rather too fine at the finish. Metal was fairly run out, and had he had anything in him in the last struggle,, he might have won, for Duration was never asked a question, and could easily have been caught napping in a sudden spurt. The race proved once again that Duration is a remarkable horse over a mile and a half. The second day's sport opened with the Rail- way Stakes, for which there was a good field. When Lowlander, Oberon, First King, and First Love passed the judge's stand, the pro- verbial blanket would have covered the lot. A prettier race I have never seen, and it would have been even closer had the rider of First Love been possessed of sufficient strength to make the mare finish. Low- lander ran well, and it was by sheer gameness that he won. The Flying Stakes was a disappointing race, as Duration did not start, and Telephone, after no less than nine false starts, was almost left at the post. Metal and Harridan ran together for half the distance, and the former then came away in grand style up the straight, and finishing like a lion, won by a street. Telephone made up the long gap, that had separated him from the leader, so quickly towards the finish that it was evident, if he had got well away, he must have been close up with the leader at the judge's stand. The Wellington Cup was a most disappointing event, as three out of the five candidates wore soratched. Harridan was in no condition for a two miles race, but why Metal and Clarion should have been withdrawn passes my comprehension. Metal, on being pulled up after winning the Flying Stakes, was apparently as sound as a bell, and be was all right on leaving the course. A little later it was reported that he hod gone lame, and had been soratched for the Cup. This was a cruel blow to his many backers, for the horse being locally owned, had been well supported. I went to look at him and am unable to say whether or not he was lame. There was a cer- tain stiffness in his walk, but it did not appear to be a decided lameness, and it may have arisen from the bandages not allowing the muscles of his leg free play. It would have been better in this case if that fact of his lameness had been more clearly demon- strated to the public. In Clarion's case there was no exense for his absence, beyond the fact that he could not win in the company he had to meet if he bad had the ghost of one of the best jockeys that ever bestrode a horse as rider. Mr. Towton was on his way to the Stewards' Stand to scratch Duration when he heard of the withdrawal of Metal, Harridan, and Clarion, and in order to get the full stake, was bound to leave his horse in the race. The starters, therefore, were ï)nra tion and Telephone, the latter being favorite, and they ran together for a mile and a half at a good pace. Telephone then drew away from Duration, who now was palpably run out, and won by several lengths in 4 mins. 4 sees., or one second slower than First Prince's time last year. Considering the weights and the heaviness of the course, the time made was good. The Lasers' Handicap was well won by Aspratnante, who beat Harridan and First Love, and showed much better form than she did at Perth. On Wed- nesday we had a hurdle race, the stake being raised by subscription. Three horses were entered-First King, Lowlander, and Tor- mentor. The hurdles were very low and light, and almost every one came to the ground during the race. The finish between Lowlander and First King was very close, but it had the appearance more of an exer- cise gallop than a race. Donovan, on First King, never made an effort to drive his horse home a winner, though it was palpable that the race was his had he used the whip from the last hurdle. Then, on Thursday, Aspra- monte and First King ran a three miles ma.tch| the imported ware carrying Sat., and the latter Sat. This, of course, was a good thing for Aspramonte, who, instead of receiving weight, should have conceded it. While speaking of First King, I might mention that the match between he and Lowlander, the owner of the latter lay- ing £100 to £30, is off, and that First King goes now into Mr. Towton's stable to be trained fur his engagements, The arrange- ments for the meeting were excellent, and on both days there was a large attendance of spectators. The totalizator was run by Mr. H. D'Elmaine to the complete satisfaction of all concerned, and about £600 was passed tbrqugh the machine. It is with regret that I mention that the return trip to Perth was made by me in the mail van. The road is execrable and only suitable for a traveller with a sluggish liver. Lot such a one undertake the trip, and I will back the road against all the nostrums ever placed before a long suffering British public. Then, again, after leaving Pin- jarrah, one sits behind teams palpably leg weary and worn-horses with sores under their harness and weals from the whip upon their quarters. Some of these animals, I am told, have been on the road for years to- gether without rest, and do their stage of twenty miles of sand and rut four times a week. And yet it is said that we have a branch of the S.P.C.A. in this colony ! Surely the Government should set the ex- ample in the proper treatment of such a noble animal as the horse, and in doing this they will be showing proper consideration for the travellers by their coach. The route be- ween Bunbury and Perth lies almost wholly tbrough virgin country, chiefly forest, with here and there a patch of cleared ground on the side of a brook. And yet we parsed a great quantity of land that only requires the hand of the husbandman to turn it into smiling cornfields, orchards or vineyards. In this article I have dealt with subjects dis- tinct from racing, but they all, I hope, refer to Bunbury and her prospects. During the past year there has been progress made, and I trust that the visitors to next year's meet- ing will find that the pretty little town is fairly on the road to prosperity and progress. 