TALES AND SKETCHES. THE FATAL THREE.. A NOVEL, BY M. E. BRADDON. AuTnon of " Lady Ahdley's Secret," "Vixen," "Jshiiael," "Like and Unlike," Sc., &o.;, &c.; BOOK THE FIRST. — CLORTIO ; OR, THE SPINNING OF THE WEB. Chapter XI. — The Beginning of Doubt. Enderby Church clock struck , six. They heard orery chime, slow and clear in tho sum mer air, as they sat in the broad shadow of the cedar, silent all three. It seemed as if the striking of the clock were the breaking of a spell. " So late V exclaimed Castellani, in a cheery voice ; " and £ promised Mrs. Ilillcrsdou to bo back in time to drive to Homsey for the even ing service. Tho old Abbey Church of Hom sey, sho tells me, is n thiug to dream about Tliera is no eight o'clock dinner at Rivordalo on Sundays. Everyone goes to chnrch some where, and wo sup at half-past nine, and after sapper there is sometimes extempore prayer — and sometimes thero aro charades or dumb crambo. Cat scion. When tho princo was thero they had dumb crambo. Good-bye. I am almost ashamed to ask if I may ever como again, after having burdened you for rucli an uncousciouable time." lie had tho ensiost air possible, and seemed totally unconscious of any ombarrassinent caused by his allusions to tho past ; and yet in both faces, as he looked from ono to the other, ho must have seen tho strongest indica tions of trouble. Mrs, Grcswold murmured something to the effect that sho would be glad to see him at any time, a speech obviously conventional and unmeaning. Mr. Grcswold roso hastily and accompanied him to the hall door, where the cart still waited for him, tho groom fixed as a statuo of despondency. Mr. Castellani was inclined to be loquacious to tho last. Grcswold wca brief almost to incivility. Ho stood watching tho light cart roll away, and then went slowly back to tho garden and to his seat under tho "cedar Ho seated himself thero in silence," looking earnestly at his wife, whose drooping head and fixed attitude told of deepest thought So they sat for some minutes in dead silence", Kas- eoudro licking her master's pendant hand, as he leaned forward with his elbow on bis knee infinitely sorry for him. Mildred was the first to break that sileuco " Gcorgo, why did you not tell mo," she began, iu a low faltering voice, » that I was not your firsf wife ? What reason could thero oe lor concealment between yon and mo ? I bo trusted you, I so loved you. Nothing you could have told would have changed 1110," 1 Dearest, there was ono reason, and a powerful one, answered Goorgo Grcswold hrnily, meeting tho appcaliug look of her eyes riJtn ' Z an.tl 8tcadi\eaw. " My first mar- riago is a sad romembranco for mo, full of trouble, I did not caro to toll yon that miser able story, to call a dreaded ghost out of the gravo of tho past. My first marriago was tho ono great sorrow of my life, but it was only it fd5!?d m 11 lcft mo aa lonely as tnliin, L fhcLro ?ra very few who know anything about it. I am sorrv that youug mau should havo como hero to trouble us with ms unnecessary romiuiscouccs. For my own P. . 1 cannot remember having ovor seen flis face before." ''. "J" sorry you should havo kept such n horn u mc' sol'1 "IWrcd. -It would novo been so much wiser to bavo been candid. do you think I should not havo respected your sad remembrances? You had only to say to tham f.UC i. £?a, y"0' bul lot us not talk of wmHi i ,woul1-) ,liaT0 tceu more manly— it H i 0 CGQ lntlcr to mo." 1 n'm 1 Wfl.8 0 coward> if you like— that conrnvnA 1 a> covyard, whero those momorics aro said Groswold. a a8ony iu his faco melted lior in belit?» 1 v ?llo,throw liorsolf 011 her knees him together.''' BU(1 lh ag faWniug "P®" tsicaMeili for8'vo mo> dearest," she \- cd' 1 Wl11 nover apeak to you of this mort'of aI jalous— of th0 PaEt h.1' a" ; " ho said, " God knows you oJ? ncod\ 1 us say no more, Mil- too past is past, neither you nor I'cnn r Mcm?ry is inexorable. God himself cannot cbango it." "I will contrive that Mr. Castollani shall seo him r# t,gain' Georetf' if yu obiect to " Pray, don't trouble yourself. I would not nave such a worm suppose that ha could bo ob noxious to me." . " A nie what you think of him," she asked in a lighter tone, anxious to bring back the easy mood of every day life. "Ho seems very .clever, and ho is rather handsomo. " " What do I think of tho trumpet ash on tho verandah yonder ? A beautiful parasite, which will hold on anywhere in the suushiue. Mr. Gastellaui is of the same family I take it — studies his own interests first, and chooses his Rivcrda"ot"rWaraS' H W'" d admirab,y for " He plays divinely. "'His touch transformed my piano. - 1 " He looks the kind of man who would play the piano, ' said Greswold, with ineffable con tempt, looking down at his own sunburnt hands, hardened by exposure to alt weathers, broadened by handling gun and punt pole, aild by half a dozen other forms of out-door excr- " However, I have no objection to him, if ho serves to amnse you and Pamela." He spoke with a kind of weary indifference,, as of a man who cared for very little in life ; and thou ho rose slowly, took ud his stick, and strolled off to the shrubbery. . Pamela appeared on tho following afternoon rWith boxes, bags, music books, racquets and .parasols, iu a proportion which gave promiso of a long visit. Sho had asked as a tremendous 1 favor to he allowed to bring Box— otherwise Fitz-Box — her fox terrier, son of Sir Henry Mouutford's Box, great grandson of Brocken- hurst Joe, by that . distinguished animal's daughter, Lyndhurst Jessi", and on tho father's side a lineal descendant oi Mr. Murchison's Cracknel. "1 hope you won't mind very much," she wrote; "but it would bo death to him' if I wore to leavo him behind. To begin with, his brother I'itz-Cox, who has a villnuous temper, would inevitably kilihira, and besides that, ho would., pine to death at not sleeping in iny room at night, which he has dono ever since ho was a puppy. If you will let mo briug him, I will answer for his good manners, and that lie shall not bo a trouble to anyone." The descendant of Brockcnhurst Joo rushed out into the garden and made a lightning cir cuit of lawn and shrnbberies while his young mistress was kissing her Aunt Mildred, as she called her uncle's wife in the fulness of her affection. "It is so very good of you to liavo me, and I am so dolighted to come ! " she said.' Mildred would have much preferred that she were anywhere else, yet could not help feeling kindly to her. Sho was a frank, bright-look ing girl, "with brown eyes, and almost flaxen hair, a piquant contrast, for tho hair was genuine, and carried out ia tho oyebrows which wcro only just a '.shade darker.: ..Her com plexion was fair fo transparency, and she had just ouough soft rosy bloom to light up. tho delicate skin, Her nose was slightly, retrousse', her moutlrwas a little wider than sho herself approved,- but her teeth were perfection. : Sho had a charming figure of tho plump order, but its plumpness was a distress' to her. ' "Don't you think, I get horribly stout ? " she asked- Mildred, when 6ho was sitting at tea in the garden presently. '' : " You may bo a' little stouter than you wore at 16, perhaps; but not at all too'stoat." "Oh, but I am.' I kuow it; I foel it. Don't endeavor to spare my feelings, Aunt. It is useless. - I' know I am fat. Rosalind says I ought to marry ; hut I -tell her it's absurd. How can anybody ever card 'for. mo,' now I am fat ? .They.w.ould only want my money if they asked mo ' to marry "them, " : concluded Famola, clinging to the plural. " My dear Pamela, do you want- mo to tell yon that you aro charming and all that you ought to bo? " asked Mildred, laughing. " Oh, no, no, I don't want you to spare my feelings. Everybody spares ono's feelings. One grows up in ignoranco of tho horrors in ono's nppearaucb bocnuso people will spare one's feelings. And then ono sees oaosolf in a strange glass — or a boy in tho street says something, and one knows the worst. I think 1 know the worst about myself. That is one comfort. How lovely it is here," said Pamela, with a sudden chnngo of mood, glancing, at Mildred with a little pathetic look, as she remembered ' the childish figure that was missing, must bo for over missing, from that homo picture. "1 nin so glad to bo with you," she mur- murod softly, nestling up to Mildrcd'3 side, as they sat togollicr ou a rustic bench ; " lot mo bo useful to you, lot mo be a companion to you, if you can." "You shall bo both, dear." . -- " How good to say that. . And yoti won't mind Box ?" "Not tho least. If ho will bo amiablo to Kassnndra." "He will. He lias been brought up among other dogs. We aro a very doggy family at tho Hall. Would you think ho was worth a' hun dred and fifty guineas?" asked Pamela with ill-conccalcd priio, as the scion of illustrious progenitors como up and put his long lean head iu her baud, aud conversed with her in a series of oxprcssivo suorts, as if it wcro a conversa tional codo. "I hardly know what constitutes perfection iu a fox terrier." " No moro do I ; but I know ho is perfect. He is said to bo tho imago of Cracknel, only belter. I tremble when 1 think that my pos session of him hangs by a (thread. Ho might bo stolon at any moment. " " You must bo careful." " Yes, I cannot be too careful. Hero comes Uuclo George," said Pamela, rising and run ning to meet Sir. Greswold. "Oh, Uncle George, how altered you are 1" Sho was always saying the wrong thing, after tho manner of impulsive girls ; aud she was quick wilted enough to discover her mistake the iaslant after. Happily tho dogs furnished a ready diver sion. Sho introduced Box, aud expatiated upon his grand qualities. Sho admired aud made friends with Kassandra, niid then settled down almost as lightly as a butterfly, iu spito of her plumpness, on a Japanoso stool, to take her teacup from Mildred's hands. . Sho was perfectly at her caso by this time, and told her undo cud acut all about her sister Rosalind, arid Rosalind's husband, Sir Henry Mouutford, whom sho summed up lightly as a nice old thing, and no end of fun. It was easy to divino from her discourse that Rainham Hall was not an especially intellectual atmosphere, not a school of advanced thought, or of any other kind of thought. Pamela's talk was of tennis, yncbling, fishing nud shooting, and of the people who shared iu those sports. She seemed to belong to a world in which nobody ever sat down except to cat, or staved indoors except under stress of weather. "1 hear you havo ail manner of clever people in your neighborhood," she said by and byo having told all she had to tell about Rainham. 11 Have wc ? ' asked Greswold, smiling at her intensity. "Yes, at Rivcrdale. They do say tho author of Nepenthe is staying there — aud that I10 is not a Roman Cardinal— or an English statesman — hut almost a young man— an Italian by birth— and very handsome. I would give worlds to' soc him." "It is not. unlikely you may.be gratified without' giving auytbing," answered lrer uncle. " Mr. Castellani was here yesterday afternoon, and threatened to repeat his visit," '.' Castellani ! Yes, that is the name 1 heard. What a pretty name. And what is lie like? Do tell mo all about.liim, Auut Mildred." j ; Shp.tu'rned Jo tho woman as tho moro likely : tq'.give her a graphic description. Tho average :man is au undcscribing animal. , ; . Mild?ed mule -an effort at self-command ib'eforo. she spoke. ' "Castellani counted for but little in hor recent trouble. His revelation had been an accident, and its effect entirely dis sociated from.hiiri. Yet the very thought of tho matt troubled her, "and tho dread of seeing him again was like a;p"nysicnl pain. " I do hot know what to say about his ap pearance," sho answered presently, slowly fanning herself with a great scarlet Japanese fan, pale and cool looking in licr plain whito gown with its black ribbons. The very picture of domestic peace, one would suppose, judging by externals only. " I suppose there are people who would think liirn handsome." " Don't you, aunt?" "No. I don't like the color of his eyes or of his hair, T'hey aro of that reddish brown which the Venetian painters aro so fond of, but which always gives mo an idea of falsehood and treachery. Mr. Castellani is a very clover man, but he is not a man whom I could ever trust.". , . . " How nice," cried Pamela, her face radiant with enthusiasm ; " a creature with red brown hair, and eyes Willi a depth of falsehood in thorn. .That is just tlio kind of man who might be the author of ' Nepenthe.' Ii you had told mc.lie was stout and rosy cheeked, with pepper and salt whiskers and a fine, benevolent head, I would never have opened his hook again." (' You seem to admire this Nepenthe ' pro digiously," said her uncle, looking at licr with a calmly critical air. "Is it because the book: is tho fashion, or from your own unassisted appreciation of it ? I did not think yon wcro a bookish person." '; .."I'm not," cried' Pamela, " I am a mass of ignoranco. I don't know anything about sciouco. . I don't' know tho name of a tingle butterfly. I don't, know one toadstool from another. But whoa I lore a book it is a passion with me. -My Keats has tumbled to pieces. My Shelley is. disgracefully dirty. I have read ' Nepenthe.' six times, aud I am waiting for tho cheap edition, to keep it umler my pillow. It lias made me, an agnostic." " Do you-', know the dictionary meaning of thatword ?",-. " I don't think I do, but I kuow I am an agnostic. . ' Nepenthe ' lias unsettled all my old beliefs. If'I had read it four years ago I should havo refused to ha confirmed. 1 am dying to know tho author." " You liko unbelievers, tlion ?" " I adore men who dare to doubt, who aro not afraid to stand .'apart from their fellow men." '!' On a bad eminence ?" -".Y'cs,;oii a bad emineace. What a, tweet, expression. ' I can never "ndcrstand- Goethe's ' Gretchen.' " , "Why not?" ' "How could sho havo caved for 'Faust,' when sho had the privilege of knowing Mophis- tophales ?" , . . Pamela Ransohio had -established herself in her pretty bedroom aud dressing room, anil had supervised her maid while sho unpacked aud arranged all her belongings beforo dinner time.. She camo '"down to (he drawiugroom at a quarter, to 3 as thoroughly at licr case as if sho had lived half her life at Enderby Manor. ,Sho was the kiud of visitor who gives no trouble, and who drops into tho. right place instinctively. Mildred Greswold felt cheered by her presence in spite of that bittor aud ever recurrent paug of. mcinory which brought hack that other imago of the sweet girl -child who, should have grown to woihaiiliood under that roof, and who was lying a litllo "way off, uudcr the ripening berries ..of tho mountain ash, aud iu the deep of a century old yew- -Tliey .were very quiet "in the drawiug room after dinner, Greswold reading iu a nook apart, by tho light of his owii particular laiuji ; his wife bending over an embroidery framo in her corner hear the piano, whero she had her own special dwarf book-case, and her work basket,' and tho bonheur tin jour, at which she some times wrote letters, her own littlo table scattered with old-family miuiaturos by Angelica Kaufmann, Cosway aud Ross — and antique watches in enamelled cases, aud boxes of porce lain and gold an-.l silver, ovcryoue of which had its associations end its history. Every woman who lives much at homo has some such corner, where the very atmosphere is full of homo thoughts. She asked her niece to play, nud to go on playing as long as she liked : aud Pamela, pleased with tho touch of tho fiuo couccrt grand, rang tho changes upon Chopin, Schu mann, Raff and Brahin, choosing those com positions which least jarred upontbentinosplierc of studious repose. Mildred's noedio moved slowly, ns sho sat in her low cliair, with her hands iu' the lamp light and her face in shadow, moved very slowly and thou stopped altogether, aud tho wliito hands lay iilio in her lap, and the em broidery frame, with its liulf- linishcd group of nzalas, slid from lior knee to the ground. Sho was thinking — thinking of that one subject which had possessed licr tliou- tits since yesterday nttcrnoou ; which had kept nor awake through the brief darkness of tin su uiy or night, aud in the slow hours betwixt d iwa aud the entrance of tho maid with tho early cin of tea which marked the beginning of the daily routiuo. In all thoso hours her .thought's had revolved round that ono Ihomo with an intolerable re currence. It was of her husband's first marriage she thought, and of his motive for 6ilcnco about that marriage — that ho who iu tho wholo course of their wedded lives had boon tho very spirit of single-miudcd candour should yet have suppressed this all-importaut event, in his past history was a fact ia itself so startling and mysterious that it might well bo tho focus'of a wife's troubled thoughts. He could not so havo acted without some all-sufficieut reason : and what manner of reason could that have boon which had influenced hiin to con duct so entirely at variance with his own character ? '.' I know that he is truthful, high-minded, the soul of honor," sho told herself, "and yet thero is a tacit falsehood iu such a course as ho has taken which seems hardly compatible with honor." What was thero in the history of that marriage which had scaled liis lips, which mado it horrible to him to speak about it, oven 'when fair dealing with tho girl who was to bo his wife should haTe constrained frank- ncss. - Had he been cursed with a wicked wife— some beautiful creature who caught his heart, in lior, toils as . a cat catches a bird, and had won him only to betray and to dishonour ' him ? . Hud she blightod his life, branded him with the sliamo of a forsaken husband ? , . And then a hideous dread floated across licr lhind. What if that first wife were still living — divorced from him. ' Had she, Mildred Fansset, severely trained iii: the strictest prin ciples of the Anglican Church— taught her creed by an ascetic who deemed divorce un christian and an abomination, and 'who had always refused , to marry those who had been j divorced— had she, in whoso lifo aud mind ; religion aiid duty wore as ouo fooling and one principle, had she been trapped into a union with a man whose wife yet lived, and in the sight of God was yot ono with him — a wife who might crawl penitent to his feet some day, and claim him as her own again by tho right of tears and prayers and a soul cleansed from sin ?. Such a .'inner must have some hold, some claim even, to the last upon the man who onco was hor husband, who onco swore to cherish her and cleave to hor— of whom it had once' been said, " And they two shall be one flesh." No, again and again no. She could not believe George Greswold capable of such deep dishonor as to have concealed tho existence of a divorced wife. No, the reason for that mys terious silence, must, he' another reason than this. .. ' - - "J She had sinned against him it might be, and Had died in . her sin; under circumstances too sad to be told ' without infinite pain ; and he, who bad never in her experience shown liimsolf wanting in moral courage, had in this one crisis of his lifo acted as the coward acts. He had kept silence where conscience should hare constrained him to speak. 1 And then the wife's vivid fancy conjured lip this image of that other wife. Jealous love for tho husband depicted that, wife of past years as n being to be loved and remembered until death; beautiful, fosciuatiiig, gifted with ail the. quali ties that charm mankind, the. superior of the second wife. That poor, jealous heart ached with a sick longing to. know tho worst. "He can uevcr care for me as ho once cared, for her," Mildred told herself. " Sho was his first lovo." . ; "His first; tho first revelation of what lovo moans to the passionato. heart of youth. What a world there is ' in that. Mildred remem bered how (i now lifo began for Iter with tho. nvakouing or hor love for George Greswold. What a strange, . sweet enchantment, what an intoxicating' gladness, which changed and glorified the whole faco of naturo. The river, uud tho reedy islets, ami the pollard willows; and tho autumn sunset— things so siinplo and familiar had all taken new colors iu that magical dawn of her first lovo. She— that uuknown woman— had been George Greswold's first love. Mildred envied her that brief life, whose solo distinction was to havo boon loved by'nim. " Why do I imagine a mystery about her," she argued, after long brooding, " Tho only secret was that ha had loved her as tic could uercr lovo mo, nnd ho fcarc.l to tell 1110 as much lest I should refuse tho remnant of a hoart. It was out of kindness to mo that lie kept silent. It would havo pained me too much to knoir liows/ie had boon loved." She know that her husband was a mail of exceeding sensitivenoss ; she knew hiin capable of almost womanlike delicacy, intense fear of wouuiliug other people's, footings. Was it al together unnatural that such n.man should havo held back tho history of his first marriage, with its passionato lovo, itshcarlbrokea cudiiig, from tho enthusiastic girl who had givon him all her hoart, and to whom ho could give so' little in return ? " Ho may liavo seen how l adored hiin, and mayhnyo marriod 1110 half out of pity," she saijj to herself finally, Willi, uhspeahablo bitter ness. Yot if this wore so could they liavo boon so linppy together, so completely united— save in that ono sccrot of tho past, that one dark re- grot which had revealed itself from time to time in an agonising dream. Ho had walked that dark labyrinth of sleep alone with his sor row ; there sho could not follow him. She remembered the awful sound of those brokon sentences — spoken to shadows in a laud of shadow. Sho remembered how acutoly sho had felt his remoteness as he sat up in bed, pale as death, his eyes open and fixed, his lips mutteriug. ne and the dead were face to face in the halls of the past. She had no part in his life, or in his memory. Chapter XII. — " She Cannot be Unworthy." Mr. Castellani did not wait long beforo ho availed himself of Mrs. Greswold's permission to repeat iiis visit. Ho appeared on Friday afternoon, at, tho orthodox hour of half-past threo, when Mildred and 'her noico were sitting in tho drawiugroom, exhausted by n long morning at Salisbury, whero thoy had explored the cathedral, and lunched in the Close with a clever friend of George Gres wold's, who had mado his mark on modern literature. "I adore Salisbury Close," said Pamola, as sho looked through tho o'.d-fasliioued window to tho old-fashioned garden, " it reminds me of Ilouorin." Sho did not deem it necessary to oxptain wlint Houoria sho meant, presuming a uuiversnl acquaintance witli Coventry Pat- morc's gcutlo heroine. ' Tho morning had been sultry, and tho home ward drivo long, and both ladies were resting in comfortable sileuco, each witlra book, when Mr, Castellani was announced. Mildred received him rather stifir. trying her uttermost to seem thoroughly at caso. St-C introduced him to hor niece, Miss Ransoiue. " Tho daughter of the late Mr. Gilbert Ran- somc, and the sister of Lady Mouutford i" Castellaui inquired presently, when Pamela had run out ou the lawn to speak 10 Box. "Yes. You seem to know every! od.'r. belongings." "IVhynot? It is the duty of every man of tho world, more especially of a foreigner, I know Mr. Ransomo's place in the Sussex Weald, a very fino property, and I know that the two ladies aro co-heiressos, but that the Sussex estate is to descend to the eldest son of the elder daughter, or failing male issue there; to the son of the younger. Lady Mouutford has a baby son, I believe." " Your information is altogether correct." "Why should it be otherwise? Mr. Hil- Icrsdon and his wife discussed the family his-; tory to- day at luncheon, apropos to Miss Rau- some's appearance in Romsey Church at the Saint's Day service yesterday." His fraukness apologised for his imperti nence, and ho was a foreigner, which seems always to excuse a great deal. Pamela came ba.ck again, after rescuing Box' from a rough and tumble game with Kissaudrs.. She looked rosy and breathless and very pretty in her pale blue 'gown and girlish sash flying iajj the wind, and flaxen hair fluffed into a'- feathery pile on tho top of her head and honest brown eyes. ; She resumed her seat in the deep- old window behind the end of the piano, aDdi made believe to go on with some work, which- she took; in a tangled heap from, a very untidy" basket. Already Pamela had set the sign oC lior presence, upon the drawing : rooms at Enderby, a trail of various litter which was a-, part of her individuality. Screened, by tho piano, she was able to observe Castollani, as he stood leaniug over the large' central ottoman, - with his kneo on tho cushioned seat,' talking to: Mrs. Greswold. He was the author of Nepenthe. It was in- that character he , interested her. She looked at him with the thought of 'his' book full- in her mind. It was oho of those half mod, wholly artificial compositions which delight: girls and young men, and which are 'just clever enough, and have just enough originality to get talked about and writteu.about by the cultured : few. It was a love story, ending tragically — a story of ruined lives and broken hearts, told in'; Uie autobiographical form.; with a careful dis regard of all conventional ornament, which-' gave an air of reality whero nil : was inherently false. Pamela thought it must' be Castollani's own story. : She fancied sho could seo tho ' traces of those Uoart-breakiug experiences, thoso- crashing disappointments, in his countenance, iii.. his bearing even, aud in the tones of his voice, which gave an impression.! of mental: fatigue, as of a man worn out By a fatal pas sion. - - ' - The story of Nepenthe was as old as the bills — or at least as old as tlio Boulevard des Cnpu- cines and the Palais Royal. It. was tho story ; of a virtuous young, man's love for an unvir- tuous woman — tho story of Demetrius nud Lamia — the story of a man's demoralisation under the influence of incarnate falsehood, oi ' the gradual lapse from good to evil, the gradual extinction of every belief and every : scruple, the final destruction of a soul. V The wicked'syreu was taken, hor victim , was loft ; but left to expiate that miserable iufatua- ! tion by an after life of musing ; left without a 1 joy in the present or a hope in the future. ". He looks like it," thought Pamela,- reinem- - boring that final chapter. . ' ' Mrs. 'Grcswold was pulling" a' few 'sIovtv stitches into the azalea' leaves on! hor cm-" broidery frame, and listening to Mr. -Castellani ' with an air of polite indifference.' - ' "Do you know that Rivcrdale is quite the most delightful house I havo ever stayed iu ?" ' he said ; " and I have stayed in h great "many. Aud do you know that Mrs. Hillcrsdoh is ' heart-broken at your never having called upon - hcr ?" - . " I am sorry so small a matter, should touch- Mrs. HillersdonVheart." . ! , "Sho feels it intensely. She told me so" yesterday. Perfect candor is one of tlio.. charms of her character. She is as emotional : and as transparent as a child. - Why have you not called ou lier ?" ' "You forget that Riverdale is 7 miles from this liouso ?"' : "Does not your charity extend 60 far? Are people who live 7 miles off beyond the palo ? I think you must visit n littlo further afield - than 7 miles. There must he some other reason." : ' "There is "another reason, which I had rather u'ot talk about." " I understand. You consider Mrs. Htllers- don a person not to he visited. Long ago, when you were a child 111 Hie nursery, Sirs. Hiltcrsdou was au undisciplined; luoxperieucod ' girl, and the world used her" hardly.. Is that old history never lobe forgotten? ; Men, who - know it all, havo agreed to;forget itj why shouldjwbmen, wlw onlv know a fragment, so - obstinately remember ?" "I know nothing and remember nothing about Mrs. Hiliersdon. .My friends arc for the-' most part those of my husband's choice, and I . pay no visits without his approval. Ho does ' not wish me to visit atRivcrdate. You have - forced me to give a plain answer, Mr. Castel laui. : ; " Why not? Plain truth is always best. I am sorry;:Mr. Groswold lias interdicted my charmiag.friond; -You can havo no idea how : excellent a woman she is, or-how admirable a: wife. Tom -Hiliersdon might have searched .' the county from border to border nnd not have fonndasgood a" woman — looked at as the woman best calculated to make him happy. And wbatdc-' lightfal people site has brought about him. Ono of the -most interesting men I ever met arrived yesterday, and is to preach tlio hospital sermon at Ramsey next Sunday, lie is an old friend of yours. " , < A clergyman, and an old friend ot mine, at Rivcrdale." "A man of ascetic lifo and extraordinary culture. I never heard any mau talk of Daulo bottfer than lie talked to mo last night in a moonlight stroll ou tho terrace, while tlio other men were in tlio smoking room." . "Surely you do not moan Mr. Cnncollor, Vicar of St. Elizabeth's, Parelnnent- stiCet ? " ; "That is tlio man. Clement Caueollor, Vicar of St. Elizabeth's. lie looks like' it: madiicval monk, just stepped out of -oue of Perrugini's altar pieces." "He is the noblest, most unselfish of men ; I10 has given his lifo tq doing, good ainoug rich and poor. It is so long since I have socit hin>.v Wo have asked him to Enderby vory often, blit he has always been too busy to come. And to, think that ho should bo cornice to thie oo'urh borho>d and I know nothing about it ; and to think that he should go to Bsverdale rather than eome here." . ' Hi had hardly any option. It was Sirs. Hillersdon who asked him to preach on Hospital Sunday. She extorted a promise from Mm three "months ago in London. The Tie r of Bomsey wa3 enchanted ' Yon are the cleverest woman I know, ' he said. ' No one else conld have got me such a great gun.' " "A great gun — Mr. Cancellor a great gun. I can only think of him as 1 knew him when I was 12 years old, a tall, thin young man in a very shabby coat — he was curate at St Eliza beth's thea — very gannt and hollow cheeked, but with such a sweet smile. He used to come twice a week to teach the the history of the Bible and the Church. He made me love both" "He is gaunt and hollow eheeked still, very tall and bony and sallow, and he still wears a shabby coat. You will not find much difference In him, I fancy — only so many more years of hard work and self sacrifice, ascetic living and nightly study. A man to know Dante as he does must have given years of Ms life to that One poet — and I am fold that in literature Cancellor is an all r ound man. His monograph on Pascal is ssid to be the best of a brilliant series of such studies." " I hope he will come to see his old pupil be fore he leaves the neighborhood." " He means to do so. He was talking of it yesterday evening — asking Mrs. Hillersdon if 6he was intimate with yoa — so awkward for poor Mrs. Hillersdon." ' ' I shall be very glad to see him again," said Mildred gently. " May I drive him over to tea to-morrow afternoon?" " He will be welcome here at any time" " Or with anyone ? If Mrs. Hillersdon were to bring him, would yoa still refuse to re ceive her ?" " I have never refused to receive her. We have met aad talked to each other on public oc casions. If Mr. Cancellor likes her she cannot be unworthy. " " May she come with him to-morrow ?" per sisted Castellanl "if she likes," faltered Mildred, wondering that any woman conld so force an entrance to another woman's honse. She di 1 not know that it was by such en trances Mrs. Hillersdon had made her way in society, until half the best honses in London had been opened to her. " It yon are not in a harry to leave ns, I know my niece would much like to hear yon play," she said, feeling that the talk about Riverdale had been dull work for Pamela. bliss Ransome murmured assent. " It yon will play something of Beethoven's." lha entreated. "Do you object to Mozart ?" he asked, for getting his depreciation of the valet-musician's son a few days before. "I feel more in the humor for that prince of dramatists. I will giTe you the supper in Don Giovanni. Yon shall see Leporello trembling. Yon shall hear the tramp of ghostly feet. " & And then, improvising npon a familiar theme, he gave Ms own version of that wonderful scene, and that music so played conjured up a picture as vivid as ever playhouse furnished to an en thralled audience. rT . Pamela listened in silent rapture. What a God-gifted creature this was, who had so deeply moved her by his pen, who moved her even more intensely by that magical touch upon the piano. When he had played those last crashing chords which consigned the profligate to his doom, he waited for a minute or so, and then, softly, as if almost unawares, in mere absent minded idleness, bis bands wandered into the staccato accompaniment of the serenade, and with the finest tenor Mildred had heard since she heard Sims Reaves, he sang those delicate and dainty phrases with which the seducer iroos his last divinity. He rose from the piano at the close of that lovely sir, smiling at his hearers. I had no idea that yon were a singer as well ob a pianist," said Mildred. "Yon forget that music is my native tongue. My father taught me to play before he taught me to read, and I knew harmony before I knew my alphabet. I was brought up iu the house ot a man who lived only for music — to whom all stringed instruments were as his mother tongue. It was by a caprice that he made me play the piano — which he rarely touched Mm- self." "Ha must have been a great genius," said Pamela, with girlish fervor. t Alas! no, he just missed greatness, and he just missed genius. Ho was a highly gifted man— various — capricious — volatile — and he married a woman with just enough money to ruin him. Had he been obliged to earn Mb bread he might have been great. Who can say ? Hunger is the slave driver with his whip of steel, who peoples the Valhalla of nations. If Homer had not been a beggar — as well as blind — we might have had no ' Tale of Troy.' Good-bye, Mrs. Greswold, Good-bye," shaking hands with Pamela. " I mag bring my hos tess to-morrow." "I — I— suppose so," Mildred answered feebly, wondering what her husband would think of such an invasion. Yet if Clement Cancellor, who to Mildred's Blind had seemed ever the ideal Priest of Christ, if he could tolerate uud consort with her, could she, Mildred Greswold, persist in the Phari see's part, and hold herself aloof from this neighbor, to. whose good works and kindly dis position many voices bad testified ? 