The Fitfgfs Land pale IN MELBOURNE. BY TIIE GHOST OF CHARLES DICKENS. EVERYBODY said so. The sharp-featured, little pioneer .'with the *hrill voice, and the sparse hair, and the spare cheeks, and the shrunk garments, and the Bhrewd eyes, said so. So did the surly 9hopherd. who never opened his mouth but to swear, nor lifted< his hand but to strike-excepting to drink. It taintod his breath and bleared his eyes, and reddened his nose, furred his tongue, palsied ills hands, thickened his voiap, and deepened tho traces of a dissolute life which wore dcoply engravon on that seemed and sunburnt face. Even ho said so. A fat storekeeper, with a round, shiny head, and round, shiny cheeks, a round, oily voice, and a round, oily body, that rolloil about upon a pair of round, oily logn, said so, too. They all said so. Now, I am far from intending to assort that this unanimity of opinion is to bo accepted as an avi donee of Its strict and undeniable correctness, for tho collective wisdom of tho early settlers of Port Phillip was likely to bo quite as much at fault as the aollectivo wisdom of a certain Empire, upon which the sun never sets, ond whose " flag has braved " and so forth. I meroly relate it as a fact of essential Import anoo to my narrative-they all said so. An npaot price of :tl2<*> pot* halE-acro allotment was preposterous. Ami a dead sllonuo suaceodod to the auctioneer's earnest solicitation :|'oi* a bid, A sly follow, that nuotlrmoer. Ho lmd studied human nature, ho had. A jovial, boisterous freo-spokon follow, who had boon sworn In at tho Horns at. Hlghgnto; had taken the chair at- Oodgors' Hull, in tho procicnts of St. Jlrldo, and had bolonged to tho family oO tho Sous ol! Harmony, who held their meetings at tho .ttosonmry IIranch, I'ooUham. 80110 sout round thy bottle did that jovial auctkmoor. Hoal old Cognao, cvory drop of it, Tho light, and warmth ol' twenty summers' suns appeared to glow and sparkle lu tlio rich ruby stream thab oamo bubbling and gurgling 1'rom tho nook) with a ohuorl'ul proolpltanoy, as though It wora ongor to looson tho tongues, anil stir tho hearts, and (Iro tho blood ol! thoso roluot-aut bidders, And tho plonoor drank, and tho surly shophord drank, and tho Cut storokoopor drank, and tho auotlonoor drank, and smaokod his lips, and winked hl« wlokod oyos, and rolled Ids waggish head lllco a man who lovod and was bolovod by that blushing spirit, as 1, daro say ho was, Cor ho had boon protty lutlmato with that Hanio blush ing spirit :Cor mora yoarrt than you could count upon your ton llugorH, All tho bystandor«-by whloh you must undoralutul all tlio whlfco onos, though Homo wore ol! Hiioh oqulvooal colour that you oould only denomi nate tholr dirty will to-drank too, Last ol! all, tho aborlglnalis prossod forward for a draught ol' tho lire water,-but woro rupulHod by tho savago gestures and similar menaooiM ol! tho ovll-oyod shepherd, (t Who will ofl'or an ailvanoo on tho upsofc prloo of thlo vnluabla building allotmont?" .roHUmod tho auotlonoor, 11 Uomomljor It's In tho prlnolpal Htreot of tho principal townahlp In Port I'hllllp, Why, guntlo man, Molboumo will bo a llttlo olty noma day, with four or live thousand Inhabitants, and a Mayor, and a Corporation (Joe 111! Mr, Halnian'u giass), and tlio ntoolcH, Hiid m watoh-houiio, and everything to make us oomfortable, Any advauao upon Ji\i>i for thlo eapltal half-aero allotmont, oornor of Oolllmi and Qumm streets) title from the Orown | deposit only 10 pur oont,, ami not many yard from tho river, (,loe open another bottle of brand,'0> Joe did an lie wan bid, ami tlui brandy olroulating freely, nerved to oounteraot the nhltly lidluenoeii of the season, for It wan tlio Hist of June, and a eold wind swept In from tho miuwnnl, Streaks of white foam (looked thu nurfaoe of the purple bay ) the Inter mediate bufth and sorub, nwayml by tho stillborn and prevailing bro no, appeared to bo doing homago to the Invaders of tho noil j Hooks of sheep huddled lu tho nheltorod liollowii | troou that had been blazed, snapped nnd fell crashing to tha eaiii, 3( iup; the track of future streets with a wreck "t unci branch and stem and spray. The nborig drew tlielr oppossum rugs or dingy blunkota olosely around their withered and uttonuatwl fo and the new lords of their patronismy fortified t selves against the bleak wind by further draught brandy. It was beginning to work its wlokcd will subtle spirit. The auotioneer-sly dog-saw It a glanoe. He grew positively eloquent. Ho figurative, poetic and prophetic all in a breath, never was suoh a corner allotment as that which was under offer. Three or four years hence it w be worth ;Q100. ("Hear, hoar," from the plori ft would bo worth JBfiOO, (" Ho, ho," from tlio individual.) The auotioneer fulfc that ho was stm thu string of his long bow too tensely, aud priul relaxed it, Well, then, he would undertake that suoh n. oorner aliotmont as that fetch ten timos tho upset price in throu yuan that date. Would no one olfer him a bid ! A voice hiccoughed from tha crowd "Upset pr Whoreupon a second tipsy voice hiccoughed Tw six pounds." First tipsy voice, slightly irritate tho competition, boldly advancod to '. Thirty." So tipsy voice, irritated also, sprang JSil upon his bid. It was becoming perfectly exciting, forgot the cold wind, forgot everything In short the bidding and the brandy bofctlo, Tlio bottl culated and the bidding wont on, Every mo strengthened the rivalry of the tipsy voious, moment deepened the excitement of the ooiites lay betwecu these two inebriated competitor oluslvely. The oompany divided Itself into two o Baoh of tho tipsy voices found himself at the ho a band of applauding supporter*. Much waa a lis himself. " Forty I" " Fifty I" " Sixty I" Tho excitement "was unparalleled. Tho fncu auctioneer waa beaming with satisfaction j tlid atandora enjoyed tho contest aa though It tvcroi fight) tha aborigines were all porplexlty mul m meat | tho rival bidder* glarod at each ofchor deadly onomloa, and Joo openod a frosh bolt brandy, Tho pause whloh had onsuod upon th bid was only momentary, It enabled nil part] Insplro a long broath. Second tipsy voloo took uf running, " Slxty-flvo I'1 Klrsty tipsy voloo dashed fnrlonsly ahoml, " SovonfcyI" Soooncl tipsy voloo, winded, and mnnifastlng. of dlatrosa-< " Sovonty-llvo 1" It waa tho last atrugglo at tho svlnnlng pout, iu flrat bidder, applying tho whip and spin's to tho of hid Intent, puahod gallantly forward to tho go "Mighty ponnda I" Tlio bystanders ohoorad ) tho auellonoor ho hammer (a t'orl(Horow) suspended In tho air, "Any ndvanoo upon eighty pounds for this noro allotment, For tho first, second, third nw tlmo, any ndvanoo 7" 1 There waa no ndvanoo I Second tlptty voloo wiT tanood. The hammer foil, Tho allotment wiw lti| down to hH rival, who puHod eight aovorolyna fj greasy leather pouoh and paid thom ovor auctioneer, Tho balance could bo llcpililittud] monlli, Hut In tho Interval tho purohaBor wai «oboroil| pontaneu nuporvonod on reekleim rashness, ft'"' fvltwl It In H A l( AI f Moniliiii'dt. Irt got.lJiW Ili^ihiUhViyVM. fj i»r d nw.il ii^ lioiw.ilI! Kiirgmiiwly. iih who mud ' i I .til day IV. u ,trimM,v wmmwr, piny '|Wj' pni'Mior uIWII.vm imliiH' pool' Imlliillij, W'I'-h Wh J Mlarled a himioihI luuieymooii, iltul, W'lm ? 1 . f Ki'uwlng liiloinpiM'iiiioe I In'oiUolid "I'1' ..I' Km ai'l lute, Haw bnun l.V lj,iw 'J IrlnU, titiil mIui tint'H li, noooi'dlliW to Illio u ||(j| Ijoj'« very IDu'nillv, lo HUpliMt'li hi'l' till(ll|W : I pei'l'iii'iniiiicKM, inklnn' iv liillo ovory C'U tho Mtajfc, 