REVIEWS. "TEN YEARS IN MELANESIA." The Rev. A. Penny, who spent ten years In the Melanesian Mission, stationed most of the time on the Florida Islands, has in this book given an admirable account o£ his work, of the islands and of the natives and their customs. He is evidently an intelligent and active- minded observer, and- he deictfbAT what he saw in a very interesting way. It i9 only now and then, and not so much inadvertently as, it would seem, out of a timid sense of duty, that a sentence is penned with the . unmistakable pulpit stamp and unction upon it. In a general way, Mr. Penny speaks as a man to other men, and as on the same level with them, not as one enjoying the adventitious eleva tion of the pulpit. The result is a book possessing great interest for the general reader, while xor the scientific people, the ethnologists and anthropologists and explorers of primitive institutions the observations of Mr. Penny, which command authority from the evident care brought to bear upon them, will possess a great deal of value. He gives an interesting account of Norfolk Island, the head-quarters of the Melanesian Mission, and says of it that, though mnch- praiped scenery is generally disappointing, Norfolk Island is an exception, and that no description ho had read of the island exaggerated Its beauties. His description of the little island community shows that this small State has some experience of the evils developed on a large scale in bigger ones, inasmuch as its population may be divided into those who work una those who don t, and as a result of its community prin ciple the industrious ones have to keep the lazy ones. Of the Florida Islands, bis scene of labor, he says : — " The scenery is very lovely. I wish I could give some idea in language of the queer-shaped hills, with their fantastic peaks, their slopes covered with long yellow- . green grass and crowned with cocoa-palms or nut-trees ; the long streak of sandy beach, dazz- lingly white, meeting the pale blue water, of the tint of an Italiau sky, and, looking land' ward from the sea, valleys and monntaiw, where greens and purples blend in softening distauce/' When he began to travel about the islands on which he was to labor he soon commenced to make acquaintance with the habits of the people. At Ys&bel; Island he found a good deal of dread of the raids of the head-hunters, a prac tice which bus since become mitigated. With regard to it, he says it seems to be an absorbing passion with some of the Solomon Island chiefs. "The strangest feature of the case is that the heads of people with whom they are only not definitely friendly, as well as the heads of their avowed enemies, are valuable to add to the collection. With them a head counts one, be the owner thereof whom be may. Sucha collec tion, therefore, becomes indicative, .-and the . measure of a chief's power. A with 500 heads is a greater man than B with only 800." Among the safeguards taken by the natives of Ysabei are those of building their houses' iu the trees and making forts upon rocky pro montories jutting out into the sea as cities of refuge. Mr. Penny ascended one of these houses in a tree which' mast hare been loOft. high. "Tho lower branches had been lopped off, leaving a bare straight stem below the platform on which the house was built, SOft. from the ground. It was reached by a ladder wado by lashiug rungs across a stout pole spliced in lengths, the ends of the rungs on either side being made fast by a rope of twisted canes." The ladder swayed and creaked a good deal during the ascent, but on reacbiug the platform and entering the house " a surprise awaited me. I had no idea from below of the skill and neatness which the construction of these houses would display. The floor— smooth and flat and perfectly clean— was made of split bamboos closely plaited ; these had been laid, upon a layer of soft bark, which again rested upon the woodwork of the platform. The side walls were made of bamboos .-firmly lashed together, and the roof thatched with the leaves of the sago palm. In the centre of the house was a small circle of stones keeping in its place a layer of sand, on which' the hire was made. .In a corner of : the house was piled a heap of yams for food, and a large bowl of water beside it. The interior of the house measured SOft. by 16ft., and I was told that 40 people had once taken refuge there." An interesting account is given ef the reli gious superstitions of the peoplo which grow out of a belief in the existence asd the powers of the ghosts of their, ancestors. The ghoits are " Tlndalos," and their power is " mana." Of coarse these ghosts have their representa- tivei-among the living, who tarn the belief to profit, With respect to this, Mr. Ferry, himself the priest of a religious faith, makes the naive and unconsciously pathetic remark : " Human nature is much the same every where. I thought of this a3 I looked at the statue in one of the temples at Pompeii and saw the place where the priest used to stand and speak through its marble lips. Aud again when I saw the church at Naples in which is preserved the vial holding the blood of bt. Januarius. The Solomon Islanders are not singular in their belief in TindaloB." The writer explains the native method of cultivating yams, working the different patches ozi a sort of " Bee" principle. He tells us bow they fish, build canoes and houses ; how when the house is built it is "washed" with the blood of a caotive, and how he and his men once narrowly escaped belug utilised for this purpose. He tells us about the shell money and modes of Bale and barter, the way in which the natives recover debts by a system of sys tematic " dunning " not altogether unlike the method of " sitting dharma " in India, where a claimant envelopes himself in a sheet and sits without food or drink on the threshold of the man against whom he has a claim night and day till his grievance is appeased. He ex plains the marriage customs, marriage as usual among the lower races being wholly a matter of bargain. As a preliminary condition to a girl having any chance of becoming well settled in life Bbe has to be artistically tattooed over her face and bosom. A concert is main tained till the giri is almost wearied for want of sleep and it is considered a point of etiquette for her to declare that the operation is painless. The cost of the tattooing is borne by subscription of friends, who expect to get their money back when a 'suitor comes forward and payB the price for the girl. The description given of the physical phenomena of the islands shows whst a field they offer for scientific inrestigtaion. One remarkable feature is that many of the islands are cut right through by a long, narrow, winding river-like fissure, through which the tide flows and which forms a waterway. Another interest ing peculiarity is the river caverns. Mr, Penny explored one of these at Gaeia, where a river Issues from a cavern into an open ravine. He ascended the cave for 200 yards to where it forked. One arm extended only a short dis tance and then came to an abrupt end. The other, out of which the river ran, extended into the heart of the mountain, but Mr. Penny did not explore the source. This was afterwards done by Bishop Selwyn, who took two guides and a bundle of stoat fishing, lines to form a guiding clue while tracing the cavern. "In places the; roof was so low that they had to crouch as they waded ; in others it rose so high that the faint light of their candles failed to pierce its gloom. Sometimes,' as the channel widened, the water was shallow ; and again, as It narrowed, the water came breast high. At list they saw, a, flicker of daylight, and pre sently they came out into a valley.whicb the guides had never seen before on the other aide of the mountain., The river, now a little stream, rose close by.and flowed into the opening from which they had just emerged. The lebgthof the; cavern was 780 yards. The only living creature they met was a huge eel, but he was quite friendly, and did not offer to fight or . ; fly. He might have been blind, as he lived in Ihedark, but he was strangely indifferent to what must have; been a most exceptional inci dent in 'his life—a visit from a bishop." On the doings of the island-trailers oar author has much to say. We gather : that the'severe restrictions to which the trade has been sub jected by the present Queensland Government, and for which it has been so much abused by , the Melbourne sugar capitalists and their OTgans, have been beneficial, and that they were necessary in the interests of humanity An interesting narrative is given of the wreck.. of the Stanley labor ship on a coral reof— one of the most traordinary of shipwrecks. The fall cargo of natives, with a few whites, 100 in all, were cast on a .ffatreef just awash. They built a seawall with the coral to serve as a breakwater, then constructed from the timbers and planks of the ship a large platform, and on this built huts aud tents. They dealt with the water and provisions with stringent care, preserved perfect discipline, and sent a boat to look for assistance. This was at length secured, and the whole party, save a few who died in the first days of exposure, were safely brought to Australia. The influence and action of men-of-war in the islands are intelli gently treated, and Mr. Penny is able to give a highly satisfactory account, which is the more satisfactory from its evident moderation of tone and estimate of the progress made in the Christianising of the natives. This he shows to be almost wholly effected by the agency of the schools, and he exposes the folly of sup posing that any supernatural effect is produced by a strange missionary standing and preach ing to a crowd of adult savages about matters which, apart from the inevitable im perfections of the medium of communication, it is impossible for tbem to comprehend. The book is tbroagbuut marked by intelligence, modesty and moderation. It is full of informa tion and full of interest, and is an excellent contribution to the literature of the South Scai. 