IfloveHst, A Case of Mesmeric Influence. BY HU Til MACKENZIE. ■--O A few years ago, while sojourning awhile in Florence, 1 became greatly interested in a lady whose countenance struck me as peculiarly sad. She was beautiful and wealthy, with a devoted husband and two lovely children, and, apparently, had everythin" to make her happy ; and yet at times her eyes would assume a strangely troubled look, as though some secret sorrow were weighing her down. i 1 grew to know her intimately, and one day ventured to ask the meaning of this. She said it was causciL_hrt^||j|^fc hbt^arl^ifc, which, if I would caro to read them, she would write for me. _ gladly accepted her oiler, and when I was fearing, she handed me this manuscript. She has since died, and it can do no harm to present it to the public. My father was a very rich man, and I his only child. My mother, dying when I was quito young, left me the sole companion of my father, whom I adored. IIo was of a melancholy, thoughtful temperament, and had spent much of his life in studying occult scianco. This tendency of his mind had led him to make niauv strange acquaintances, and it was with the greatest interest I watched the result of their investigations, Wo had travelled much in the interests of fcbts study, but finally took a house in Loudon, where we expected to remain for soulo time. It was with much pleasuio that I anticipated a season there, and my father determined for my sake to entertain largely. Our dinners and balls became famous. In my young and inexperienced eyes the world seemed but a huge playground, and I could not conceive of such a thing as troublo having entrance there. In the mcautimo wo continued our studies, and I became greatly interested in tlio ability of a certain woman to causo what she called “ spirit photographs” to appear upon the wall. My curiosity was "reatly excited to discover how this was done. 1 knew there was some trick about them, and had little faith in the parttho “spirits” took in their produc tion. So my father and I began experi menting, and in a short timo we had the satisfaction of doing, by purely mortal moans, everything that the fair impostor did by the aid of so-called spirits. I little dreamed then of the use to_ which I mould bo called upon to put this know' (fno evening we gavo a grand fiul masqut, and our drawing room was filled with kings and queens, peasants and milkmaids, shepherds and. shepherdesses and every character imaginable. I stood aside, watching tlio merry crowd, when I saw approaching me a sombre figure clad in a black domino. Something about him struck mo as peculiar and decidedly uiipleaGiuit. and it was with a feeling of reluctance that I accepted his invitation to dance. When I touched his hand, it was cold and clammy, and a shudder went through me whenever he came near. My enjoyment for tlio evening was spoiled by litis mysterious creature. He followed me everywhere. Go where 1 would, I could see his wicked little eyes "learning at me. and it was with a sigh of relief tlmt I hailed the hour when it was timo to unmask. It was then that I saw my father approaching, loading this man by the arm. IIo proceeded to introduce him to mo as Mr. Anthony Black. ., . , , . , From the courtesy with which my father treated Mr. Black 1 saw that lie evidently liked him very much. Tins perplexed me, as I thought I had never, in all my life, met any one so strangely repulsive, and it was with much dis pleasure that I heard my father urging him to come often to see us. _ He was not slow in availing huuseit of this invitation, and succeeding days saw him frequently at our house. My father’s interest in the man iay in the tact that lie, too, was a student in hidden lore, and together they pursued this strange sci Black had not visited us many times Loforo I fancied I saw a change in my father. He grew silent and moody, and seemed to ho wandering in. the clouds most of the time. As for me, tlio more I saw of our visitor the more I j;r§w to dislike and distrust him, and a feeling of impending evil camo over mo. Ono evening my father invited him to dine with us. Ah, that hour! 1 cau uever forget it. Tho man wore a con tinual smilo, which seemed to hido some thing terrible behind it, and his little black eyes glittered. I tried to avoid looking at him, but was soon conscious of a strange fascination which kept my eyes fastened on him. 1 felt ns if I must obey him, and my father seemed equally fascinated ; for he hung on every word the strange man uttered. That awful, awful dinner ! It makc3 me shudder now when I think of it. At times t would mako an almost super human effort to remove my eyes from Black's face, and then somo horrible power slowly drew them back. But at last the meal was ended, and 1 escaped to my room. Nanny, my old nurse, was waiting for mo there, and as I entered, sho ox claimed : “ Law, Miss Addie,what de matter wid you, chilo ? You look as dough you done soon a ghost.” “Oh, Nanny,” I said, “ I am surcsomc thing dreadful is going to happen ! I feel it—I see it!” “Dross de chile!" said Nanny. “Nuffon drefful can't happen to yo’ whilo ole Nanny's around to tako eare ob you ! Don’ bodder yo’ head ’bout dat no1 mo', honey.” “ Nanny,” said I, “ the next timo that Mr. Black comes here, I want you to try and see him, nnd then tell me what you think of him.” Nanny’s opportunity came soon, for in a couplo of days tho man was thore again, and sho happened to let him in. Sho camo running upstairs, and burst in upon “I see him! I see him ! Lor, Miss Addie, de debbil's in dat man! What for olo marso want to bring such a ting as dat lieah ? Sho’s I staid hcah, Bliss Addie, I tink when I seo him dat do ole boy come to call.” Nanny’s opinion convinced me that there really was something fearful about Mr. Black. A nameless terror took possession of me, and though I tried to shake off tho feeling, gloom porvaded everything. Ho continued to como frequently to the house, and I was often, at my father's request, compelled to sea him ; but I never did so without feeling conscious that I was ontircly subject to his will. One day my father sent for me to como to tho library. The summons I usod to obey so gladly filled me with dread, and I entered with fear and trembling. I noticed that he seemed troubled, and it struck mo forcibly how changed ho was. He looked pale and haggard, and had lost his old ea3y, good-natured address. He tried to avoid looking at me, and it was in a sharp, nervous manner that he com municated his “news.” His “dear friend,” Mr. Black, had made mo an offer of marriage, which ho hoped 1 would consider favorably_w>.| — A ^^^olteda^um, horrified. Could it be possible that ho would sacrifice me, his pet, his idol, to that odious crea ture V “ 0 father, father !” I cried. “ What call you bo thinking of ? Are you crazy 1 What is tho matter with you ? What i3 tho matter witli us all ? Never! Never !” I screamed. “I will dio first!” I rushed from the room to my faithful old Nanny, and burying my head in her lap, cried as if my heart would break. I felt as if Nanny was .tho only friend I had in the world now. “ Bress my baby!” said she. “What dey been a doin’ now to bring ds gief to my pore chile ?” “Oh, Nanny,” said I, “ho wants to marry me to him.” “ Marry you to who, honey ?" “To Mr. Black. 0 Nanny, Nanny! I wish I was dead !” “What? marry you to dat ole cross eyed debbil? Well, dey better not? Ole Nanny pizen him, slio's yo’ bo’n! Yo’ jus’ tell.ole marso yo’ won’t do it, an’ he won't say nuffen. Ugh ! he must a clean gono los’ his senses. Neber min’ dere honey now, don’ cry no mo’.” I fully determined that if my father insisted on my marrying Black, 1 would run away ; but he never mentioned tho subject to mo again. He must, however, have told the man of my refusal, for tho next time I saw him he appeared to me more evil, if i>ossil>h', than ever. His ugly eyes gleamed wickedly, nnd behind the Satnnic grin which he always wore he seemed to say, “ I'll conquer you.” His terrible power over ine remained the same, and 1 soon became awaro that I had lost entire control of my own actions. In his presence I was impelled to do the strangest things. 1 ran around tile room, chasing imaginary butterflies ; then I sang and danced, and jumped ropo, and went on doing most ridiculous tilings. The strange part of it was that my mind remained perfectly clear, and I know everything I did, although I had no power to control myself. One day, after an exhibition of this kind, 1 saw with terror my father’s startled face; Black’s fiendish counten ance. Oh, how terrible it all was ! They consulted together, and presently my father called a servant, and before long a physicim arrived. I had be n sitting quiet for some time, but the minute tho doctor came I again began screaming and jumping. The doctor shook his head, and told them 1 was hopelessly insane. Tho anguish of my mind was intense. | Why could I not speak ? What was it that held me dumb ? Perhaps I could write. I started for pencil and paper, but sank back in my chair, unable to It seemed but a few moments before I was put into a coach with all three men and driven off. I saw old Nanny sit rocking herself back and forth, and moau ning out,— “My bressed darling! My bressed darling ? Oh, let mo go wid my chile !” I tried to call her, but my tongue was paralyzed, and I could not utter a sound. Presently we stopped before a large building, which wo all entered, Mr. Black and my father leading me in. We were met by a kind-looking old gontlc man who glanced pityingly at tuc. They held a short whispered conversation, and then I heard him say,— “ Too bad, too bad! And so young !” I saw my father preparing to leave without me 1 How I tried to beg him . not to go and leave me ; But I could not. i Ho went slowly out of tho room, leaving only Mr. Black, who tjicii approached II iqid biased in my ear,— " " Iln, lia, my la<ly 1 Ig tliis preferable to marrying me 1 watched him depart in silence, but the instant ho Was out of the room I was myself again. I started for tho door, screaming, “ Father, father ! Como back 1” But I was seized by a eouplo of atten dants nndled forcibly away. I heard shriek after shriek ring through the building, and awoke to the horrible reality that I was in a madhouse, and was thought to be mad mysolf. No one can know tho agony’ of that moment, for I felt how futile would be all my efforts to convince any one that I was sane. 1 was shorn of all my’ beautiful hair, of which I was so proud, and left to follow my own inclination. I made two or three unsuccessful attempts to convince the phy sicians of my sanity, then give up) the idea as useless. j I spent my time iu.naintiug. for which*! I had soinc~TaIeht, “net before long had completed a portrait of my father. He called once or twico to see mo, but always in company with Black, who put mo iin-1 mediatdly under the spell that lasted till they were gono. Tiius it was decided that their visits aggravated my caso and 1 was debarred from seeing them any My only hope now was to escape. How closely I watched overy opportunity! But weeks and months passed away before I could carry out my purpose. Then, one night, 1 heard a cry of firo. I sprang from my bed and hastily dressed, but not before I was nearly choked with smoko. Tho guards were rushing through tho halls, wild with excitement, opening the doors and begging tho poor mad crea tures to coine forth; but many were so paralysed with fright that they stubbornly refused, and numbers perished in tho flames. I needed no urging, hut, scezing my father's portrait, ran through the open door, unmolested. Every place was open. Even tho heavy gates in tho yard formed no barrier now, as tho firemen had tom them away, and I passed through unj noticed. I ran till I was out of breath. It then flashed across me that my appearance (for I was without lmt or cloak) in the streets of London at midnight would at tho very least excite suspicion. I stood still and gazed about me,; puzzled what to do or whero to go. I knew that I must act quickly, as, if seen, I was iu great danger of being arrested. My brain was in a whirl. I imagined I saw pursuers on every hand. Some dis tance ahead of me I spied a church. Ah, there was a refuge! I would find a hiding place thero till morning. I started off again, running till I readied the church door. I was conscious of seeing lights inside, somo forms moving about, and after that I knew no more, fori had fallen senseless. Somo strangers found mo there, and had me conveyed to a hospitsl, and it was about a month after this that I awoke to find myself in a ‘large room, with jnb1 JtUllr —cft'eJUitu' - mo ~ir~~cvelT“sido'' Where was I now ? Would wonders never cease ? 1 soon learned that I had been very ill with brain fever. The excitement and strain on my nervous system, caused by tho events of the past few months, had been too much forme, and I had succumbed at last j but the crisis was now past, and I was recovering. As I lay there looking around, it certainly seemed a novel situation for me, Addio Stanley, tho child of tho mil lionaire, to be a charity patient in a city hospital. 1 continued to improve rapidly, and was soon able to think about leaving. 1 had withheld my name from the hospital authorities, but promised to reward them largely for their kind care of mo during my illness. They kindly furnished mo with outside apparel and some money, and then I started out once I immediately called a cab, and giving the driver ruy fatiicr’s address, was soon on my homeward way. Then I began to wonder what lie would say when he saw mo, and the horrible thought crossed my mind that lie might send me back to tho asylum. I wondered if Black visited tho house still, and if old Nanny would be there to receive me, and hear her call me her “bressed chile" once more I I was so lost in thoughts like these that I started in surprise when I found we had stopped. “ Hi guess this ’ere s tho house, mum,” said the driver, jumping down. I bounded out of tho cab and up the steps and rang tho bell. No answer. I rang again and again, but failed to bring any response. Then I noticed that the house was closed, and a general air of ne glect hung about the place. “ What shall 1 do ( What shall I do!” I cried, wringing my hands. I looked up and down tho street, in tiie hope of seeing some one I knew, but all were strangers, and I stood there alone in tho world. Suddenly a bright thought came to mo. I would go to my father's lawyer. He could toll me tho"—meaning of all this. When I reached his office, Mr. Colton was at his desk. He started up when lie saw me, and his face grew deadly pale. I knew from his manner that I must pre pare myself for had news. Wo were both of us so agitated that for a while neither spoke a word. Then 1 tremblingly begged him to tell me of my fatner. “ My poor girl," lie said at last, “ lie died very suddenly about a month ago ; h's death was caused by tho shock of hearing that you had been burned to death in the asylum liro—so it was said at the time. His money ami everything of value was left to Mr. Black. There has evidently been some awful mistake for which I cannot account. We had the asylum grounds thoroughly searched, but you could not bo found, so we concluded you had perished.” I told him of my escape and my ill ness afterward, also that I ]mj never been insane, but had been led to appear so through the awful influence of Black. And now I was left penniless, and that dreadful man had my money! The more I thought of it, the more strange it seemed that my father should have left his wealth to an entire strauger, and away from liis own brothers and sisters. This, together with liis sudden death, aroused my suspicions of some thing wrong. Suppose that Black had used his hideous power on him also, and had forced him to make his will, ami then murdered him ? It was a fearful thought, but it might bo true, and if so, the crime tuust be proved * I mentioned my suspicion to Mr. Colton, nnd ho soon beeanio ns deeply impressed iritli the idea of foul play as I wns myself. We went immediately to work to decide upon a way by which we might entrap the murderer and recover the fortuno that rightfully belonged to mo. While wo wero considering tho matter. Mr. Colton kindly entertained mo at his house. At length I hit upon a plan. I remem bered how superstitious Black was, aud determined to frighten him into a con fession. It was now that my ability to east “spirit" photographs upon tho wall would bo of use. I would procure the services of a famous ventriloquist, and, with the lawyer, wo would proceed to Black’s house, and by these manifesta tions, force him to confess his guilt. I disclosed inv pinion M (agrepdwltiingiyto it. ■ Wo weiWJuickly to work, and soon had our arrangements completed entirely to our satisfaction. I was thankful that 1 had saved the por trait I painted of my father, for I needed it to carry out my plans. Tlie day finally arrived when we were to perform this terriblo duty. My heart sank at the thought of seeing Black again as wo approached tho house, I was obliged to bring all my will power to bear in order to prevent turning back at tho last moment. Mr. Colton observed my nervousness, and whispering a few encouraging words, he rang the bell. A withered old woman camo to tho door ; she oyod us suspiciously’ when wo inquired for Mr. Black. Sho showed us into a side room which was very dark, a fact which pleased me, as it was much better suited to my purpose than a light Gradually, as my eyes became accus tomed to the darkness, and I could discern different objects in the room, I saw several articles of furniture that had belonged to my father. This aroused my anger, and helped to make my task more Fortune favored us, for Black was so long in making ids appearance that 1 had plenty of time to prepare everything very satisfactorily. 1 then hid myself behind a large screen, so that when he entered tho room lie did not see mo. He bowed graciously, and with his usual mmj fmd, to Mr. Colton, who proceeded imme diately’ to business. “ Mr. Black,” said he, “ I have been retained as counsel by a relative of Mr. Stanley’s to investigate the cause of bis death. There is a strong suspicion of foul play, aud as you have been the only one benefitted by his decease, the sus picion of murder naturally falls on you. I ask you now, in the name of tho law, to refute this charge, and to provo that tho accusation is untrue.’’ Black fairly trembled with rage. Ho sprang to his feet, showering curses upon the lawyer and his retainers. “ You lie 1 I say you lie 1” he yelled out like a demon. “ Prove your vile, assertion I _J.tco.'io sity7_or"1By "fHo "gods, you shall sull'er for this! I mur dered him, did I ? Provo it 1” lie continued with a torrent of abuse, frequently intermingled with oaths. Mr. Colton then cave me the signal, and suddenly upon the wall appoared my father's features. They grew brighter and plainer, till finally’ his whole figure seemed to stand out in bold relief. Black’s eyes dilated in terror. Great beads of perspiration stood out upon his forehead. He dug his nails in liis tiesh till the blood spurted forth. Then, in a solemn, sepulchral voice tho “spirit” “ Confess 1” “Mercy!" panted Black. “Mercy’! I will tell all!’’ “ Confess 1” again uttered the voice. Sot a sound was heard savo the pant ing and moaning of the territied man as lie crouched upon the floor. “ Confess 1” Black rolled over on his face, as if to shut out the vision. “Ah, yes!" he groaned, “I killed him 1 I hoped to gain control of his money by marrying liis daughter, but she ‘refused me. Yes, she refused .mo, but I had my revenge. 1 made her act like a lunatic. It was my power she could not withstand. It was through mo she was locked up in a madhouse. That was sweet revenge, hut it was not all, for in the dead of night I set lire to tho madhouse and burned her up.” Here lio broke into a paroxysm of wild laughter. Evidently terror was turning his brain. “Then," lie began again, “I mes merised old Stanley, and forced him to make his will in my favor. When that was done I poisoned him—and now lie’s there to tell you of it!’’ he cried, spring ing up and shaking his fist at the vision. .1 ust hero I stepped out from my hid ing place. lie turned and saw mo. “You, too J” ho shrieked in anguish. “You, too, come back to accuse me? Mercy! Ilallia! No mercy for me!” Suddenly his face turned purple; he covered it with his hands, gasped for breath aud fell back, dead 1 The guilty] wretch had actually died with fright. Thus ended tho eventful portion of my life’s history. Through tho kindly efforts of Mr. Colton, tho will by which Black had obtained possession of my father’s fortune was declared illegal, and I was proved his heiress. Great publicity was given tc tho case through the daily papers, aud one day who should come hobbling into Mr. Colton’s office but old Nanny, and I heard her saying, “ Whar dat bressed chile?" Soon after wo went to Italy, to join some of my mother’s relatives. I never want to see London again. 