S388IP. Iiondon Gossip. (r&ou; ova o\rs coiuibspondent.) LONDON, JcLt 12. The Fates have lately been down on the folks who* make comfortable ' perks.' It puzzles me to know whv the fever of inquiry should run so high just now. That officialdom, and vestrydom, and jockeydom, were infected witlit'ne itching palm is no news to anybody, What has suddenly caused the fact to be dragged into the light of day? If it is a sign of the times, it is of course a good one ; out there is something bewildering in the suddenness and the extent of the onslaught. Charley 'Wood has not come off with flying colours, and the verdict seems a righteous one ; he is the scapegoat for the sins that seem inseparable from the turf. If we are going to try that ancient institution by the methods and principles that are supposed to be the guide of honourable men, what turfite will 'scape whipping? Then, again, the' doings of the Board of Works officials must have been an open secret ever since that corporation has existed. Why are we down upon: them now rather than at any other period of their existence: Immunity seems certainly to have made, these gentlemen so reckless that their victims turned'; . at last; the screw was turned too tightly. Tihis special inquiry seems to have originated from the most j harmless form of blackmail — that of asking for theatre ! tickets. No wonder the board did not see why this small matter should deprive an official of his plape ; ! it has certainly proved a mere flea-bite amongst the! other items. ' We have heard enough already to justify a wholesale sacking, and yet we are told it is-, nothing to what will be revealed when the contracts are gone into. A good many oiiicial gentlemen must-, be having anything but a good time. Will English/: commercial morality ever be anything but an ' I-buy ? you-or-sell-vou ' affair ? When we read of the -doings of Board of Works* officials, it does seem as i£: ?' morality lay aloof from the grand stream of human , -.affairs.' I see that Wood's costs in the late action. ?are put down at £2500. The Times and the Star are the papers I most de-; Sighted in while Mr. O'Donnell's libel case was proceeding. I read the report of the trial given in ex tenso by the paper which is defendant in the action, j and the Star's lively comments on the case. At first, everybody connected with the trial seemed to be en- ! joying himself thoroughly, aud Mr. O'Donnell to;be| getting a splendid advertisement. I wonder whether: the gallant plaintiff is like Mr. Murray's member fori Ballykillrowdy, and enjoys anything 'in print about' himself. That amusing person could read a report of his own speech a hundred times. ' He never seemed to kno w it well enough to be tired of it. When anybody made a printed comment on him, he; «sould look at it as if it had been his own face in the ' glass. Being in prir.t at all, under any conditions, was such a delight to him, that it overpowered other sensations.1' Mr. O'Donnell's motives for bringing this action.: «can Only be guessed at. On the face of it one would.; think the young Irishman was a bitter enemy of the; League, who wished to give the Times an excellent: opportunity of advertising its pamphlet called ' Par-.; nellism and Crime.' Anyway, whatever his motive* he could not have conducted his case better for' the - Times or worse for the Parnellites. One evening last week found me at a meeting of the : English Goethe Society. It was held at the West-; minster Town Hall. I did not go as a Goethe enthu siast, but to see what Goethe enthusiasts are like.; They were mostly women, and each woman looked like an individual, i.e., a human being with opinions and ways of her own. Some of the ways, especially vn the fashion of wearing the hair, might have been more conventional with advantage ; but on the whole, they looked like people worth knowing, whose society; ?would be interesting. The proceedings were not? par-: ticularly lively to any but Goethe enthusiasts. 'Pro- , ifessor Dowden delivered an address on the change, wrought in Goethe by his journey to Italy. I daresay I should have enjoyed reading it, but the Professor's; voice was sleep -compelling, and all my attention, was; taken up in keeping myself awake and nudging my : companion when he showed a tendency to snore. On; the whole, the entertainment was well calcula ted-to please the couple who like that sort of thing. ! I could not let the present opera season come to an «?.nd without securing a seat for one of the Tepvesefita- . TSfons of ' Faust.' Last year I might have gone often tmisjugh, for rival managers at ranged so badly that Wsesr were glad to give half their seats away. This vear opera has only one home, and is so well managed that there is no 'paper' about at all. I therefore paid for my seat with pleasure, and heard Albani and . Scalchi, and the two dc lleszkes, and lived through , poor Marguerite's trial again during a delightful evening. It is not a common experience to hear ♦Gounod's music so perfectly rendered by all its exponents that not a single discord disturbed the pleasure. Last season I heard it too, and the Faust was a dreadful creature, who only came down on the right note by accident. The large Covent Garden Theatre was crammed in every part ; yet it looked quite sombre, nearly every lady being in mourning for the Emperor Frederick. The tenor, M. Jean de lleszke, has the great merit ! of singing in time and tune, but his voice is^ nothing to rave about, and his salary of £250 a week is due to the scarcity of tenors. His brother, who sang thfe beautiful music allotted to Mephistopheles, is a really great basso and a splendid actor. He had the' only encore of the evening. The opera was not over tul a Juarter before midnight. Some wags in the gallery uring the last wait, began singing, ' We won'tgo home till morning,' — a reminder to the administration that same of us had last trains to catch. ? There is a good article in the July number' of hangman's Magazine on 'Dress aud Economy.' It gives information from many people as to the propor tion of income they spend on dress. The gentlemen, of course, spend less than the ladies, but some of the latter have 'a frugal mind' on the subject. One with' a small income'' of £800 a-year spends. £30 on her dress. Two daughters of a professional man* with £2000 a-year, are allowed £40 for dress. ^ The average of manly expenditure . (including M.P.'s, Civil ser vants, barristers, and country squires) is £23 a-jear. In a speech at the Mansion House the other day Earl Granville summed up the difference between the methods necessary for advocating the higheredu tration of women 20 years ago and those employed now. Formerly an advocate would have had to touch lightly upon tbe fact that, although there is a Certain creed which denies that a woman has a soul, y e_t on The whole it was more likely that she had not prily a. .-oul, but also a mind; that if she had a mind, it was ;probable that it would be the better for being educated.' lie might even have darkly alluded to the possibility ; «nf education doing as much for the^ feminine as^-the culine intelligence ; but, if a judicious man, he \- would have followed the advice of counsel to George ?Stephenson, not to over-state his case, and no more to .-admit that a woman could compete with a man for a 'University degree than that a steam engine could go -smote than 15 miles an hour. Sow, of course, azofii cha/tgt (outcela, and the capability of women no longer needs demonstrating. Mr: Wemyss Reid has not taken long over his ' Liffe of Mr. Forster.' It is not quite two years since he began, and to-day two good-sized volumes are in all the book-shops. Someone has lately said that the three most interesting oiographies in our language are (of course first) Boswell's 'Johnson,' Locfchart's ' Scott,' and Twiss's ' Life of Eldon.' They are interesting, because as far as possible the writers allow their subjects to speak for themselves, ilr. Wemyss lleid has followed this laudable example. I Mr. Forster's parents were both preaching Quakers, I and he used often in after-life to tell an anecdote of jhis childhood when he was travelling with his nurse pn&toacli.; An old gentleman began to talk to him, ;aad said, ' Where is your papa, my dear ?' 'Papa ds preaching in America,' answered William. 'And Where is your mamma?' continued the gentleman. ?VMamma'is preaching in Ireland' — an answer which a tas well calculated to astonish the stranger. . \Ht. Forster's intercourse with the Carlvles was qitjcte intimate, and there sire many reminiscences of th ^ni ih. the *? Life.' He was once responsible for getting husband and wife one Sunday evening to a Derbyshire Methodist Chapel. 'It waH a sad failure : a local preacher full of fluent cant, or, rather, a pair of'tl^eih praying at one another with all sorts of dis gust*ig contortions.' One can fancy the Chelsea sage -and his humourous wife listening, and can hear Mm 'iafter wards denounce the Paradise of such, folks as a heaven of lubber -land, a Paradise of li-jrton ;ale .arid greasy cakes.' There is a lich scene at a Uuxton hotel and a table d'hote oi old maids and parsons, with Carlyle in full swing on Ireland. ' HTow they did stare,' writes Forster ; ' all other speech was hushed ; some looked aghast, others admiring. Of course they, none of tliera, had ever heard or seen any approach- to such a monster.' Of course, Mr. Forster's great work was the passing of the Education Act in 1870. I remember that as if it Was yesterday, thinking, in my youthful enthusiasm thai the beginning of the millennium had arrived. Eighteen years' experience of school boards has con vinced me that the millennium is as far off as ever. Some glimpses of Cabinet life are scattered through these volumes. There is an amusing account of Ministers sitting hours in the Cabinet-room waiting for telegrams from Geneva during the arbitration meeting' on the Alabama claims. They exhausted subjects of talk, and sat looking at one another. ' The Opposition would snigger if they saw us,' said Granville ; and soon after ne said to me, ' I wonder whether West has a chess-board r' disappeared, and brought it to me wrapped up in a handkerchief, and We took three cjhairs on to the terrace outside the Cabinet- room, one for each of us and one for the chess-board. We had three games, and, alas ! he won two of them. Still no telegram, and we went off to dinner. The rulers of a nation's destiny are remark ably like other men, after all. Mr. Browning's reply to the American editor who offered him £250 for a. short poem iias been printed in the Liverpool Post. He says he cannot write for periodicals. ' If I publish a book, and people choose to buy it, that proves they want to read my work. But to have them turn over the pages of a magazine ,and find me — that is to be an uninvited guest. My ?wife liked it. She liked' to be with others ; but I have steadfastly refused that kind of thing from, first to 'last.' Once, however, Browning did publish a poem in Cornhill ; it was ' IIerv6 Kiel,' and the cheque he received for it went to the Paris Relief Fund after the siege. One editoT sent him a blank cheque to fill in to his own satisfaction, but he re turned it. George Eliot says the best literary work is produced for money, and no doubt Browning's brings him in a lot, though it was many years before it' did. He, fortunately, was always independent in money matters. , Mr.' Chan-Toon, of Burmah, is a -wonderful young man. He has come to England to learn law, and seems to have learned more law before being called to the bar than any student ever did before. lie com peted -for the eight principal prizes open to law students, and gained them all. The Masters of the Bench have paid him a compliment that has never before been paid to a student of the Middle Temple. 'At a Parliament of the Bench a resolution was passed congratulating Mr. Chan-Toon on his most distin guished career as a student of the Inn. The Masters, recognising the great hononr Mr. Chan-Toon has, by hfe success, gained for the society, express ' the sincere hope that his career throughout life may fulfil the promise of its commencement.' This resolution was sent with a kind letter to the young Burmese, by Sir Henry James. Ah interviewer has asked Mr. Chan Toon what, according to him, is the best form of government. ' A free system of Government by the people, decentralised, not with the power in the hands of the wealthy classes, the people closely represented by the governing body. ' ' . The Arnold memorial committee will have to devote a large part of any fund they may raise to making pro vision for. the poet's wife and unmarried daughters ; so the talked-of ' Arfcold Prize for English Literature ' will have to be abandoned. One feels tempted to ask : why the censor of the English middle classes did not give his daughters the means of being independent of charity. If he could not provide for their mainten ance, he could at least have had them taught to get their own living. ' The necessity of providing a trade or occupation for daughters is not clearly enough recognised by fathers — yet daughters must cat and be lodged and clothed withal. The cruelty to girls of .rithe usual happy- go-lucky way of bringing them up has received another illustration from the case of the Misses Arnold. If we looked at these things dispas sionately, and without respect of persons, we should see that it is as degrading for ladies to accept an in come from charity as for any other class of the com munity. ' Let us clear our minds of cant.' The building erected by the French Government for the reception of the collection of M. Griraet is to be , called the Museum of Religions, and is a decided novelty amongst museums. It contains the images of all the divinities worshipped by people in every part of the globe. M. Grimet has bought them from the priests of these divinities. He has also collected sacred writings, commentaries, and a modern collection of books bearing on them. This museum would have helped Mr. Casaubon to fill another note-book for his ' Key to all the Mythologies,' and his mind, which he described as 'something like the. ghost of an ancient, wandering about the worldand trying mentally to construct it as it used to be,' would have found a congenialatmosphere there. The Colonial College and Training Farms at Hollesley Bay, Suffolk, *eems in the opinion of experts to have fully justified its existence during the 18 months that existence has lasted. Students who leave this college are said to milk a cow as well as the I cowman, plough a straight furrow ' as well as the college ploughman, or shoe a horse . better than the average village farrier. A large party of agriculturists and colonists visited the farm last week for the lint j ?' speech-day ' of the institution. Prizes were dis tributed by Lord Bristol, and after the ceremony [ visitors spent several hours going over the farm, ana talking to the students, amongst whom they found great proficiency in a knowledge of practical agricul ture. 