NEWS OF THE DAY. Mrs. Chiverell, a very old colonist, died at Perth yesterday. The funeral will take place tomorrow afternoon. There was only one case at the Perth Police Court this morning, that of Mary Pickett, for drunkenness and dis- orderly conduct. She was sent to gaol for one month. At the Supreme Court this morning the case of Dempster Bros. v. O'Dea was heard. It appeared that on 31st August, 1885, an agreement was entered into between the parties, by which in consideration of £15 the defendant was to use the land he was on and get in the crops, and after that he was to give up peaceable possession, to the plaintiffs. The time having expired the defendant refused to give up possession and alleged that the plaintiffs had obtained the title by fraud, the plaintiffs having held the land which was the defendant's by way of security. The case is not con- cluded. The inaugural ceremony in connection with the S. R. Rowing Club took place this afternoon, under the most favourable circumstances on the score of weather. The following is a list of the events :— Single sculls: A. Fyson v. D. G. Gawler. 4-oared (sliding seats) : D. G. Gawler, J. Hossack, W. F. Evans, and E. A. Williams, v. A. Fyson, F. A. Trigg, W. Bateman, S W. Ross. 4-oars, 6 seats : J. Hossack, S. G. Payne, L. Peterson, and S. J. Harwood, v. S. W. Boss, W. Willis, J. Willis, and A. Fenner. Pair-oars: A. Fyson and E. A. Williams v. J. Hossack and J. Willis. Four oars : S. A. Trigg, L. J. Stirling, F. HoIIis, and E. A. Fordham. A new departure in magazine publication has just been made by the proprietors of the world-wide known Scribner's, who, with the praiseworthy enterprise so characteris- tic of that firm have made arrangements with Messrs. Gordon & Gotch (of Mel- bourne) to publish an Australian edition of their highly popular magazine simultan- eously with the American and English issues We have a copy of the first (Mach) number of the Australian edition of Scribner's Magazine, which is fully up to the usual high standard of that first-class per- iodical ; containing as it does no less than 125 pages of interesting letter-press, adorn- ed by a large number of beautiful illustra- tions and facsimile manuscript reproductions executed in the very highest style of artistic beauty, fidelity and attractiveness. Yet the price charged is but a shilling a copy, or 13s. 6d. per annum (posted) to country subscribers. Through the kindness of the Commission- er of Police a number of pensioners and pensioners' widows are permitted to occupy the habitable portion of the Barracks. Until lately a kind of happy-family arrange- ment existed, but this bias been quite upset, we hear, through the eccentric conduct of one of the tenants, who has disturbed his neighbours a little by his recent discovery of a ghost, and who now vows the place to be haunted. This person has also been calling out for elbow-room, with the result that some of the tenants have been deprived of two of the four rooms allowed them while he is permitted the use of half-a-dozen or more rooms — one of which is solely used to provide shelter for a canine pet. Probably the Commisioner of Police is not aware of this fact, and it is with this view that we are requested to draw attention to the mat- ter. Gold ! Gold ! Gold ! — Rason, Webster & Co. are prepared to supply every requisite for prospecting parties, either at Perth or Newcastle store. By handing order in at Perth office goods can be delivered in Perth, Newcastle or Northam, as preferred. Horses for saddle, pack or team, &c;, &c;, always ready at Newcastle. Having fitted out a great number of parties, R, W. & Co. know exactly what is required, and can furnish estimates. Goods supplied can be relied upon. Rason, Webster & Co., Hay-street, Perth, and at Newcastle.— Advt. 