THE DEVILS DIE/ BY GRANT ALLEN, Author op " Fori Maimib's Sake," " Piiilis- tia," " Strange Stories," » Babylon," " In All Shades," Kalee's Sdrise," &c.; Chapter XLV. At home in England, tho red cliffs of Pol- porrau, that summer morning, rose abovo tho clear green pools at their base, as jagged aud rosy and boautiful as ever. Nature obstinately refuses to suit herself to our moods. Sho was joyous aud bright aud clear that day, as if Harry Cliiclielc had uovor died. Scota Mayno, wandering along the cliffs by tho zigzag path, with Olwon at hor side, looked out to sea, and sigliod, and woudcred ; for tho sea was banded green and purple ; aud Olwon — 01 wen was almost herself again. But all tho world was grey nnd dull to Scetn. ' ' Mohammad Ali has beon gone n very long time," Olwen .murmured quietly, as she sat down on a rock upon tho edgo of tho cliff — that cliff where sho had onco sat so happy and blitho with tho Harry that was not and had never been. " I wish ho was hack again. I do like Ali. He's such a nico fellow. Of course, I love you too, dearly, you know, dar ling, but.l can't say how it is, in these last days — over since that, you know — whatever it was — I somehow feel as if I could never havo people enough at my sido, as if I wanted all my friends always about me, and quite, quite close to me, to guard nnd protect me. " " Ever since uihat ?" Scetn veutured to ask, turning her eyes full upon her friend, with.that great hunger still gnawing for ever at her broken heart. "Ever since then," Olwen answered hesita- ing. " 1 don't remember what it all was, of course, Seeta ; but I somehow recolloct in a sort of dim uncertain way that something terri- blo onco happened — when I was first ill, you remember — before wo all camo back to Pol- perran Why did wo ever leave Polperrnn at all, I wonder ? Why did wo nil go and live in that dreadful frightening Lon don ? " Sho lookod up into Seota's face with a strange, anxious, inquiring glance — a glauco that showed at once how all her mind was puzzled nnd clouded with an inexplicable mystery. Sho was tryiug hard in her futilo way to pull together tho threads of that oblit erated passage in her shattered life. But the groat blot and gap in her brain still seemed to interveno and blur itnll. Thorowasnterriblennd persistent Incnnn somewhere. All tho threads of memory appeared to hang together aud cohere porfectly, till sho camo to that great central fact of ail ; and there, her whole previous lifo escaped her utterly, and vanished into a blank of infinito misgivings. Thread after thread led back to it separately ; tho blauk was inter woven with tho wholo knitted fabric of her mind nnd being ; but by n rare, though by no means unique, accident, sho had recovered sense and thought and memory elsewhere, whilo that central fact and kcystono of the wholo of hor nature remained involved for her still in impenetrable mystery. Many brains, exposed to the snmo shock, would lmvo failed throughout, and gono mad with misery ; Olwon's, too, gentle, aud tender, and unselfish for that, failed ooly in tho ono great central failure, but recovered in all that related to all elso who loved her. Even Seeta herself, who could not understand or syrnpathiso with what scorned to hor Olwon's monstrous nnd cruel for- gotfuluoss of her dead husband, was fain to notice how all hor sweet characteristics rcmainod, in spite of it — how thoughtful and loving sho was towards others, how tenderly and beautifully oblivious of self. Olwen looked at bor with tears, again. "Seeta," sho cried pitcously, "explain it all to mo. I know you ltuow. I know you conld tell mo. I'm snrc, if you did, I shonld recall it nil. Scetn, dear Seeta, do, do explain it to me I" Sccta trembled from head to foot. The memory of Harry seemed to her so precious, 60 earnest, so sacred almost, that sho could scarcely bare to talk of him to tho wife who had clean torgotten all about him. Sho only murmured, in a low voice, " It would do you no good, dear. You can't understand. Ob, Olwon, it griovos mo to think about it." Olwen sat down upon a jutting rock, and bogan to cry bitterly like tho child sho was. "Soeta,"sho said again, "do, do try to tell mo. I know I ought nlwnys to bo crying and grioving. I kuow thcro's something I ought to bo sad about. I feel it myself, and I know it's oxpocted of mo. And somwhero in my lioart I have such a torriblo pain, a pain as if my life was all broken and shattered. I rotnetn- ber there was somebody or something some where I used to tliiuk and dream a great deal about ; and yet it's all gono right from mo. What can I do? How can I romoinbcr it ? ' Seota's hand shook liko an aspou loaf, and hor breast h'oaved aud foil convulsively. Sho was sure Mohammad Ali wonld have disapproved, aud yet sho conld not holp suggesting an idea to Olwon. "Darliug," she said, loaning ovor her liko a sister, don't you remember anything. .... about Harry?" At tho word, Olwen grew deadly pale. She didn't cry ; sho didn't faint ; sho didn't spenk. Sho remembered nothing— nothing ovidontly. The name reeallod to her, not hor love, hor loss, her married lifo, her maiden fnucy— bat the great terror of the room in Queen's Anne's- road where she had seen aud heard that appall ing vision. Sho shrank back with a sudden gesture of fear aud alarm. Something within her seemed to shake her soul to its utmost foundations. The blank arose again, in bodily form, blanker aud emptier nnd moro mysteri ous than over. Sho gazed around with a vacant stare, and held out her arms as if to keep herself from falling. Then she rose, nnd tot tered to the edgo of the cliff, Tho solid earth seemed to molt beneath her feet. She stag gered and fell, as if the entire fabric of visible and tangible thiDgs had utterly failed her. Seeta, caught her, trembliug, in her arms, or sho wonld havo fallcu where 6hc stood over the edgo of tho precipice. " lly darling," the older woman cried, repentant of the trial to which she bad put the shrinking girl, "I ought never to have told yon I I-ought never to havo tried you I But for my own lovo's sake. . . . ," and she paused, terrified at her own rash outspokenness, But Olwon eat down again, as in a serious relapse, and folded her linads resignedly before her. She sat there long, and Seeta, terrified, hardly dared to speak or to rouse her from her lethargy. 'At last sho rose of herself to go. Seeta held her hand tight in her own. Tliey walked back in Bilence to tho gnto of tho rectory. Then, with a sudden reminder, Olwon smiled. " Do you think Ivau Royle will conic back soon ? " sho asked in her simple, childish voice, as if nothiog had happened, A fierce revulsion of feeling seized on Seeta. Sho rushed into tho house, and leaving Olwen to her own mind, flung herself down on the drawing room sofa, with eyes aud eyelids all too hard and dry for weeping. It was slow tor ture, this sight of O'.wen's incomprehensible terror and forgctfulncs-t. That Harry should have been blotted out of her brain entirely was in itself quite horrible enough ; hut that sho Ehould speak and think of Ivan Royle instead with such abiding affection waa ten thousand times worse — it was sheer blasphemy. The Times lay open on the tablo by hor side. Her aching eyes, too hot and bursting for tho relief of tears, fell upon it accidentally, with out marking tho words, "Ivan ftsylo and Harry Chichele." It seemed quite natural to sen them there in print, her own mind was so wholly preoccupied with them. And " Mo hammad Ali," — quite nntaral, too; Seota hardly noticed the occurrence of tho names as any tiling unusual. " Mr. Ivan Roylo, tho well- known artist, and Dr. Mohammad Ali, tho Indian Mussulman physician, so famous for tho part which he shared with the late Dr. H. Chichele in tho investigation of the minuto germs of zymotic diseases." Tho letters conveyed no meaning to her mind. Her eyes fell upon them once nnd again mechanically. Sho looked and read and never realised their true import. " The Catastropbo in America. Latest telegrams." It didn't interest her, and sho turned moodily to brood once more upon her own unspeakable, internal agony. Again sho looked mechanically still : nud her eyes chanced to fall upon the leaded heading, "Death of Mr. Ivan Royle, tho "Well-known Artist. — It is now quite certain that Mr. Ivan Royle was among tho victims — " Ivan Royle among the victims I Victims of what ? Thnt stinnge announcement, at last coming home to her, arrested Seota's attention cveu in her present distressed and excited con dition. Ho was her own cousin ; what could it mean ? She took up the paper and read the wholo passage with profound astonishment. It ran somewhat thus, in tho wodorn bald tele graphic brevity of journalistic despatches : — " Tho Earthquakes in America. (From Oar Own Correspondent.) New York, 10th July. — Further accounts from Petroieain Gulch. Nov. , state that the earthquake that recently visited that town 1ms ongulphcd almost the entire area of Eaglo City, with tho greater part of the inhabitants, few of whom havo been able to escapo. It is surmised that among the dead wcro Mr. Ivan Roylo, the woll known artist, aud Dr. Mohammad Ali, tho Indian Mussulman physician, famous for tho part which he shared witli tho late Dr. II. Chichele in tho investigation of tho minuto germs of zymotic diseases. "Later. — Denver, Colorado; lltli July. — It i6 now quite certain that Mr. Ivan Roylo was among tho victims buried in the rnins of Eaglo City, Nevada, overwhelmed by the recent earthquake. Colonel J. J. Ridley, of Petroleum Gulch, a gentleman well kuown iu sportiug circles west of tho Mississippi, and one of tho few survivors from tho Sunset Lode catastrophe, has just arrived in this city from tho devastated scene of tho recent disaster. Ho claims to havo spoken with Mr. Roylo arid a gentleman of Hindoo blood (confidently iden tified with Dr. Mohammad Ali) in tho doomed town on tho morning preceding tho fatal con vulsion. Both gentlemen are now missing, and it is probable that their remaius might bo found on search among tho dibris of tho fallen settle ment. Tho fow survivors, however, havo fled tho spot, and there is no likelihood that any excavations will bo mado at tho scouo of tho disaster. It is believed that ill all parts of tho territory over 400 lives havo been sacrificed in this sad calamity." Seeta, amazed, turned hastily to tho leaders. There was ono relating to tho Sunset Lode earthquake, with a full description of tho lienrt-rending scoaos which must hare occurod at tho sudden destruction of Eaglo City. Tho leader writer, giving free reius to his lively imagination, enlarged upon the fall of churches aud theatres ; tho womon aud children buried under the ruins ; tho homeless families camp ing out among tho pinc-clad slopes of the snowy Siorro. Ho dwelt upon tho hardships neces sarily entailed upon tho young and the sickly ; and ho spoko of tho munificent goncrosity with which American cities gonerally would, doubt- loss, como forwurd at onco to tho assistance of their now fallen nnd helpless sister. Lastly, ho ended his graphic articlo with a touching allusion (in tho best newspaper stylo) to our own unfortunate domestic loss in tho deaths of two distinguished British sabjects whoeo faces wore familiar in many London clubs and Bel- gravian drawiugrooms — Mr. Ivan Roylo, tho gracofnl and pootical artist, who was pro fessionally engaged in tho Far West on a corn- mission for tbo proprietors of our enterprising contemporary, tho JPorte-Vrayon, and Dr. Mohammad Ali, the amiable and accomplished Indian physician, whoso contributions to tho germ theory of zymotic disease have been so well-known and so highly appreciated in Eng lish and Continental medical circles. Seota laid down tho paper in an agony of alarm. At all costs, tho terrible news must he kept from Olwen. Ivau Royle and Moham mad Ali dead at oncol How the very elements of nature seemed to be fighting against them ! Poor Ali 1 Ue was so good, so true, so tender, so devoted ! Now that he was gone, Seeta felt site should miss hint. As for Ivan, sho cared far less for that. The shock camo to her as tho shock alette. Olwen's unnatural liking for the man who seemed by some strango chance to have usurped Harry's place iu her feeblo littlo mind had succeeded in making Seeta almost hate him. At best, now, sho could only grudgiugly forgive Ivan. Chatter XLVI. In tho Far West, it was drier and drearier. From tho base of tho ledge, where the plateau fell to tho prairie level, Mohammad Aii and Ivan toiled slowly onward across tho open plain to tho towu of oil-wells they had descried through the morning hazo from tho summit. At tho foot of the steep wall of rock, a path lod by a straight course toward tho wooden town — a path clearly trodden out by human footsteps, aud with ruts besido it, worn into the soil, that marked the possugo of rndo cart wheels. But Ivan and Aii noticed with dismay as they went that the trail had not been used for many years, or months at least ; coarse weeds and knot- grasses g-rew over it freely, aud dry desert yegetation occupied tho deep ruts by the long disused nnd abandon: d wayside. Nor was the prairie itself so enticing or so gay on nearer view as it had seemed when obscrvod at a distauce from above. Tho grass was arid, coarse and stringy ; tho soil beneath gaped wide with thirsty chinks j nud tho bright flowers, thnt looked from afar so fresh and brilliant, proved at close qunrtera to bo mostly hard and papery everlastings of various dingy nnd dnsty desert colors. It was only too clear that though thoy had passed the absolutely rainless region, they were still within tho district of occasional stray showers alone ; and a great drought must long havo reigned over the whole area of the surrounding country. Tho herbage was green with the deceptive greenness of pine woods cr of desert plants — no sap or juice coursed through us withered veins ; it drooped nnd wilted for want of rain ; or, if it stoud upright at all, it did so only with tho rank and fallacious ver dure of a clump of pampas grass on an English lawn, No sign of water yet gladdened their eyes. All around lay dry and dusty, with a draught and dustiness like the sage brush and the desert they had just left behind them. Half a milo from the base of tho ledge, as they toiled onward painfully in grim silence, too depressed nnd disheartened oven to speak to one another, thoy catno suddenly across a bend of tho littlo railway which thoy had recognised with such joy from tho height above. The line curved out of tho town boldly towards the brink of tho desert boi'oro sweeping away on its course eastward, and their path here crossed it as thoy wouud onward to tho grim mass of oil- sheds and derricks. As they nearcd the track, all hope died down utterly in their minds. It was no railway, no liue at all ; but tho mere skeleton and rolic of a disused system. The rails themselves had all been torn up, aud the very sleepers wcro in great part removed. Tho towu was gone and all that belonged to it. They plodded thencoforth, with sinking hearts, along that grass-grown wreck of their highest hopes, the rest of their way to the phantom city. At last fltoy reached it. It waB a town, indeed, with streets and houses still standing in toug line-s hui as dc.id and as desolttto as the sage brush from which they had just escaped with so much difficulty. No sound of lifo echoed from its highways. Coarso weeds grew rank and tall iu the roads. On cither hand the houses stood silent, bare, and deserted. The roofs were shingled, but the shingles were fal ling in with age aud disrepair. The paint had peeled off the front of tho shops. Most of tho windows had beon taken from thoir frames, and many doors unltuug from their hinges. Tito town had clearly boen abandoned, once aud for all, at a single stroke, by ovcry living soul among its inhabitants. They had gone away en masse, the wayfarers could sco, taking with thotn everything that could be moved or carrio.1, down to tho very rails aud sleepers of their railway. Tito buildings alone remained — tho empty buildings — mora gaunt, bsre frameworks, broken down by time, and tanned and destroyed by the tierce sun and the fiercer occasional torrent rains of that wild and tem pestuous half-desert region. Tho two tnoa, dying with hunger and thirst, and fatiguo, tottered feebly together np the main street of that deserted town, and sat down at lost, too dreary to speak, even if their parched tonguos would have answered to their wills, on the tumblo down wooden steps of a dismantled grocery store. This last disap pointment had finally broken thoir stout hearts. All was lost 1 They bad reached the prairie, to find it, when thoy got there, as dry as tho desert; they had readied civilisation, to find it, on its threshold, moro cruel than the deadly den ot thieves. Ivan Roylo Boated himself liko a child, on tho broken stops, aud let the tears run down his bronzed cheeks unreproved in tho first ghastly and realised misery of that bitter nwakottiug. Thoy were as far off from tho real world as ever. Men had tried to livo in that spot and failed. Thoro was no food, there was no water. , , . No water 1 Mohammad Ali started engcrly to his feet. . . . Thoy must have had water. They must havo laid it on from tauks or reservoirs or mountain torrents some where. There can bo no town without a water supply. ... Ho entered tho 6hop on whoso stops thoy sat, by its dooricss gap. Counter and shelves still remained in their place, but not a cannister or n box upon the bare frames anywhere, Ho went behind into the empty living rooms. There was a kitchen aud a sink at tho roar of tho houso. Abovo tho sink — oh I glorious, a tap. His oyes glistoned. It was dry and rusty, but might still bo of nso. Ho turned tho tap with a sharp wrench. . . . Disappointment onco more , itgavo slowly on its rusted axis ; it was dry, dry; not a drop of water. Mohammad Ali harried iuto tho uoxt houso. Weeds had pushed their way up through cracks in tho flooring, and tho akolotous of two or threo dead rats lay white and mouldering on the concroto of tho aknllery. No food tticro 1 hjvon tho very rats had died of starvation, after their hntnait providors left tho town." Ho wrcuchcd with difficulty another msty tap. Again no water. It was dry and old. Whatever tho supply might once have been, it had failed by this time, at least in tho bouses. Either tho tanks had broken, or the pipes had woru out, or tho stream had dried up, or in some marvellous way of other tho water had vanished. Mohammad Ali returned once more with wenry oyes to his starving friend. lie shojk his head omniously — ho had no heart to speak — and sat down to die in des pair beside him. Thoy might have sat down there and waited till they died, so dispirited and despondent were they at this final collapse of their last hopo, had not something suddenly stirred all at onco in a house opposite them. Tho doors and win dows were gone there, too, and, peeping ronnd the lintel, Mohammad Ali just caught tho stealthy oyes of what in India he wonld havo taken for a jackal, but which in the American prairie bo judged rather to be tho coyote of tho country. Astonished at the sight, ho leaped np hastily, and crossed the jrond. Tho skulk ing beast, bursting away in terror, rushed headlong from tho house by the back way as Ali catered, nud on his road rattled over some thing that Jay beneath the bar — for the house had been a saloon — and that sounded like glass as it jangled and clattered. Mohammad Ali stepped behind tho empty and deserted conn- tor ; then kneeling down, ho saw fonr or fivo bottles lying or the ground, corked nnd wired ; aud, oh ! joy unspeakable; with something in them. He took ono up. His eyes reeled as ho saw what it contained. It was sodawater. Whoever had left that house and carried off all that it contained valuable, had not thought the stuff worth carrying with him. To Mohammad Ali it was more precious than dia monds. Ho pulled off the wire with trembling fingers, and egged out tho cork by dexterous side pressure. The sodawater had parted with most of its gas ; but it was still fresh and quito drinkable. In his eager joy, he swallowed half, tho bottle lull atonelong famished pull, and returned with the other half, brandished aloft in his jubilant hand, to poor thirsty and des pondent Ivan. Their find inspired them like another reprieve. Where there was drink there might also bo food. Thoy returned together to tho houso opposite, and.oponcd a second bottle of that precious drink. It went down their throats with a feeling liko balm. Thoy counted the bottles. Never had auything earthly tasted so delicious. There were still threo left. That was liquid enough to last thein out for 24 hours. If only they had food, all might yet go well with tliem. Food, food was now their chief- require ment. They turned to ransack the deserted grocery store. The shelves and bins were all utterly empty. They mounted the creaking, ramshackle stairs. They found nothing in the bedrooms and cupboards. "Let's try tho cellar," Mo hammad Ali said. They went down once more, and Ivan lighted a match to explore its con tents. Thank heaven, tho cellar was not quite empty. Among the skeletons of rats lay two tins of preserved lobster and one can of Cali fornia peaches. The rats had oaten all else it? tho place : but theso throe tins wore too much for the teeth of starving rats even. Ali took ont a pocket knife and opened them in haste. The contents were old, stale and mouldy, but not uneatable. They swallowed tho whole of the lobster first, and then tho peaches. They wero too hungry for prudent reserve. After that, they sank fatigued on the floor of the shop, and silently ruminated over their strange position. For an hour they lay their in tho shade of the empty building, and then, to their immense and boundless astonishment, they heard human voices resounding distinctly in tho grass-grown street oi that deserted city. At first they could hardly beliovo their ears, but as tliey listened the voices grow clearer and clearer, Mohammad Ali rushed out into the open, closely followed by Ivau, in his rags and tatters. It' was true 1 It was truo I Thoy wero saved I They wero saved 1 Two covered waggons, drawn by four stout horses each, were moving elowly up the disused high street. With a loud cry Ali and Ivan darted forward to meet them. Tho waggons were largo and full of men, laughing and talking, in excellent spirits. They had evidently come a long way, and wcro enjoying themselves with hilarious mirth. But at the sight of those two gannt and tattered scarecrows, wasted and thin already with their four days' agony, tho men drew up nnd looked for a momont paralysed with four, and with superstitious a6tonishmont. It was strango enough to come back the first to that city of tho dead, but stranger still to find as they entered it two living corpses advance like ghosts from tbo skeleton of a houso on its outskirts to greet them. They seemed liko dead inmates of a phantom city. Till that moment, indeed, in the pressing anxioty of their life and death straggle, Aii and Ivan had wholly forgotton tho weirdncss and strangeness of their own wild aud hag gard appearance. But in truth, their aspect might well ltuve astonished any ono who came upon tliem unexpectedly in tho grass-grown streets of thnt uupeoplod town. Their c'othcs were ragged and torn with climbing, and bleached with the warping effect of the alkali ; their faces aud hands were burnt and scarred and covered with blood ; their raw and broken kneos peeped out unabashed from tho tattered rents in their dusty trousors ; their shirts wero grimy, their collars gono, their hair unkempt and matted and dirty ; their oyes wore sunken with wntcliing and sleeplessness ; their cheek bones protruded almost through tho skin ; and Ivan's face was wan and white as a ghost's, whilo All's natural blackness of huo was partly hidden by mingled dust and grime and grease and alkali. Two sorrier or moro tottering spe cimens of humanity never yet camo forth to the light of day to greet their fellows. Tho men looked at them, awe-struck and mystified, for . a single moment; then, as soon as thoy had reassured themselves that these were really living breathing human beings, and not ghosts or phantoms, as they seemed at first sight, they burst suddonly into loud poals of coarso and ... gay, but by means ill-humored, laughter. " Why, boys," tho driver of the foremost waggon cried out, addressing them jauntily, "you look as if you'd been left behind here when tho folks cleared out, and hadn't eaten or drunk or cloaued yourselves up since your fellow-citizens vacated tho rauclte. What have been doing, any way, to get yourselves mado into such a pair of scarecrows ? Eartbsbook, I surmise 1 That's so, ain't it, oh, mister?" Mohammad AH was tho first to speak. " Wo've crossed the desert from Eagle City." he said; "wo've been walking, off aud on, four days, and nights, without food or drink, at least to speak of, and now wo'ro moro than half famished." "The men leaped down from tlie waggons at once, and formod a circle commiseratingly around them. " Run away from Eagle Cily ? ' V the first spenkor asked, witli ovident interest. : " Scar't by tbe earthquake over tbar, I reckon, Wal, you look like it. You've had a pretty ' lively "time of it, X should guess. Come along up here," Sambo, and hare a sup of something to driuk. And you too, mister ; you look more dcad-alive'u oven the nigger." OnU' a fortuight ago, it had stung Moham- f mad Ah to tho very quick to hear himself called . by those contemptuous names, and now, in the joy of human fellowship and a return to the world, lie could have flung his arms around tho rough but woll-meaning men of that rudo and careless prospecting party. IIo raised himself into the waggon with what strength ho had left ; aud the strangers lifted up Ivan carefully after him. " Dead beat !" tlie first speaker mutterod com passionately. " Hero you are, mister. Take a pull at that It. ain't water, nor yet milk. You'll find it do you good, evon if vnn do happen to bo a melancholy teeto taller," Ivan took a long drink at tho flask tho man hold out to him, temptingly ; it was Bourbon whiskey, almost neat,' but it tasted to him blander and sweeter than anything he had ever ' drunk in his life ; and then he sunk exhausted back, wearied out with fatigue, on the floor of the waggon. Ono of tho mon passed tho bottlo on to Ali. The Indian took it and drank a deep draught. Then bo looked anxiously and wearily at Ivan. The men noticed his earnest look at once, and ono of them clapped him hoartilyon the back. "That's so," ho said, with a friendly nod, "If you want a man to "gtick to you in hard times, you tako my advico, ' and go to a nigger. Niggors is scum when ail goes well ; but when vou'ro dead broke, I say, and down on your luck, all their prime quali ties seem to flont uppermost, and they'll stick to you tbon liko grim death to an Ingun." Ivan raised his head and looked them in the face with an appealing glance. " If yon had beenjwith us and seen all," he said earnestly, " you'd know that no man erer showed greater or nobler devotion to another than my Hindoo friend, Dr. Mohammad Ali," Even these rough Westerners, coarse in manner and in grain as thoy were, read instinc tively from his tone and manner the profound meaning ot Ivan Roylo's carefully- worded sen tence. " Wal, you're a white man, and you'd ought to know," the first speaker replied after a short pause, in an altered tone. "Ho looks like the sort of man ono would trust, right down, in a prairie fire. Jest you set yourself right thar, doctor. Boys, move aside a bit and "see you make the doctor square and com fortable." It was blunt courtesy, hut it was courtesy for all that, and Mohammad Ali accepted it gratefully in tlie wdy it was intended. Bowing right end left with his lofty and courtly Orien tal gravity, he seated himself on the floor where the men motioned him. The strangors were impressed. They were more impression able by nature than those of Eagle City, and the evident hardships that Ivan and Ah mnst liavo gone through together made them feol a sudden burst of sympathy aud respect for the strangely dignified and high-spoken black man. Besides, the new-comers wore in high spirits, and the hope of gain puts one in an excellent temper for the most part with the remainder of humanity. They drove on soon with hilarious mcrriraout, extracting gradually as they went from Mohammad Ali tho story of tlmt terrible forced march across the Alkali desert. . Mohammad Ali told them tho whole talo without the faintest pretence of reserve or concealment. He explained to them in full, with his quiet unobtrusive Eastern dig nity, that he was a Mahouimedan physician, a nativo of India by birth, but in practice in Loudon, and that _hehnd come to America to soek his friend, Ivan Hoyle, a woll-known and distinguished English painter. At the last name tho men looked up in quick surprise. ".What are you, Boyle ?" ono of them asked abruptly, turning to Ivan. " Why we've all been reading about you in the papers. Then those blamed sknnks at Eagle City have been setting yon down to tho credit of the shake without due regard for tho'public sentiment of journalistic accuracy. Monto Joe, tho most notorious gambler on tho Pacific Slope, he claims in this morning's Democrat to havo soon you crushed by a falling bonse in tho midst of the cataclysm, Monto Joe was always a hard swearer, lie was, but even ho never perjured himself wuss'n thnt, I reckon. Here you are. Yon enn read it yourself, in the last edition of the |Oi7 City Democrat : — " Appalling Calam ity ou tho flanks of tho Sierras. A town buried beneath its own nsbes. A prominent English nrtistjcngulphcd in the shock. The London (England) Times deplores his loss. Colonel Joseph Jefferson Ridley moralises on the effects of tho awful catastrophe. Monte Joe in a new character, He disapproves of the citizons of Eaglo City, aud compares their destruction to the overthrow of Sodom and Gomorrah. Is Sanl also among the prophets ?' There's something tall for you, I guess, colonel, in the way of leaded head- lines ?" He ran his finger down tho column lightly, and then readout again in an impressive voice; "Among tho oarliest victims, it is bolievcd, of the dire calamity was Ivau Hoyle, a talented artist from London, England, who hud been engaged in paiuling up for a British firm tbe scenes and scenery of Nevada's wild and lonely sierras.« As soun as news of tho disastrous catastrophe was wired oast, telegrams were dis- 1 patched from New York by tho agents of a prominent London journal inquiring after Mr. Rdyle's safety. According to Colonel Joseph J." Ridley, bettor known in sporting circles as Monte Joe, the only survivor yet interviewed, Boyle was in the city on the day of the shock, andwas crushed by tho fall of tho Road to Rum, a low gambling saloon which ho often frcijuonted. Joe told a reporter lie considered Eaglo City tho worst aud most abandoned hole on' tho Pacific Slope, and though ho was occa sionally attracted thcro himself by business, lie does not regret the extinction of such a vile nest of thieves and gamblers. It is conjectured from this that he owed money to several deceased citizens. Tho colonel speaks severely of the sin of gambling now, and proposes to retire from active lifo into tho State Legisla ture. 1 Ho claims that Eaglo Cily provoked its just doom from an indulgcut Providence, and he compares its fall to the fiery destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah. The public do not implicitly accept tho sincerity of Joe's tardy conversion. Thoy say he might with proprioty havo began earlier." Mohammad Ali gasped with surprise. In a few words ho described to thorn tho real sceno that accompanied his own and Ivan's oxpul- sion from that doomed camp. Tho mon laughed, but wore evidontly weighed down within by a superstitious awo. "Depoud upon it, doc tor," tho driver said, impressively, "it was a special Providence. The hymn says, in a mysterious way, His wonders to perform. Yon two was meant to bo saved from that thar earthquake, Thar's where it is. Eaglo City had got to go, but afore it wont it throw the two just men out of it." They drove along at a rattling pace to a lionso on tho outskirts of tho phantom town, where the men descended, with on air of old acquaintance ; a house as ruinous aud desolate aud dreary as aU its neighbors, but which tboir new friend seemed to accept as his own at once by right of discovery. So far, tho fugitives had been too fatigued to dream of questioning their strange rescuers ; they woro satisfied to bo back once more in human company, and to see some chance, in a dim way, of a return to England. It was all liko a dream, and, as in a dream, they took itall in without surprise or wonder. But when ono of tho men lonped down at lost on the steps of tho ramshackled tenement and cried aloud, "Wal, gentlemen, wolcomo back once more to homo and Carthage 1" Mohammad Ali's curiosity was fairly arousod, and he asked as he alighted, "Is this Car thage ? " " That's so, doctor," his new friend answered gravely. " You are sitting, liko Julius Ctesar or Pompey, or whoever the clas sical gent might be, among the ruins of Car thage. My name's Hannibal — Hannibal Mul- kins. I was formerly printer, editor and publisher of that high-class journal, the Car thaginian Patriot. Eight years ago Carlhagc was abandoned owing to a shako. Circum stances (over which wo have no control) have changed since then, and to-day we all go solid for rebuilding the good old Phoenician city. The Punic wars are now over. Another Dido shall establish anew a permanent citadel on the sides of the desert. " "1 see," Ali said, " tho town was aban doned because an earthquake made the wells fail." " Doctor," Mr. Hannibal Mulkins answered with an awkward bow, "yon put it thar. You're a right smart man. You sot your finger down upon it straight, thar. Yes, sir, that's exactly how it all happened. Jest eight years ago, wo was carthshook here on this very spot, till all tho ceilings was on the drawing- room carpets, and roofing shingles was quoted at an alarming discount in tho retail markets, But it wasn't for that wo cleared out, you bet. The Carthaginians arc not a people to bo scar't of earthquakes. I was ono of tho earliest settlers at this delightful location, and my name being Hannibal, 1 called it Carthago, out o' compliment, so to spoak, to my wifo's family. \Ye were sot hero, right on the edge of the desert, and we had to fight tho sand and tho earthquakes. But we wasn't scar't. No, sir, let 'em shake as thoy will. They may shake down dens of iniquity liko Eaglo City ; but a woll-bohaved, Christian, moral community liko tho people of Carthage, conscious of rectitude, can stand up and say, in the words of tho Roman poet, Si fraclus illibatur orbis 1m- pavidum fericnt rum'cc. I guess I've got tho Latin straight enough, for it was our town motto in the old days, and I set it up when I was compositor on the staff of the Carthaginian Patriot eo often that I could print it'blind- fold now for you in small pica if 1 had tho types and a forme handy." " Then it was the failure of tho oil wells that drove you away ?" Mohammad Ali sug gested with a tired smile. " No, doctor, thar you deviate from tho path of truth a bit, I reckon. The Carthaginian people arc a stubborn lot. Thoy wouldn't have minded for oil wells, I tell you, Thoy'd have mado the oil, if it como to that, sooner 'n vamooso tho good old ranche. But it was tho water as drove 'em. The carthquako dried up the river as well as tho oil springs. We don't mind shakos, and we don't mind oil famines, but, as a sober community, we go it blind on water. Yon never see such a scattering of the clans in all your days. Tho ton tribes wasn't in it, comparatively. Every man, woman and child in all Cartilage packed up his valise and went for the prairie. Thirty-six hours after that thar shake there wasn't a living soul, bar rats and cockroachos— and I don't rightly know whether they've got souls or not — left anywheres in Runic territory. Tho entire population marched out enn block, taking with them their flocks and their herds, their asses and their camels, thoir men servants and their maid servants, their doors and their windows, and everything that was thoirs, down to the very rails and sleepers on their rail road. There ain't been anything seen like it anywhere, ever since Exodus. And when yon arrived at Carthage by yourselves this morning, I calculato you found business kind of sus pended." " Wo did," Ali answered with perfect gravity. " Every siore wo went into was under liquidation. But why are youall coming back again now ? Because the oil has begun to run again ?" "Oil? Wal, yes, oil has a finger in it, I don't deny ; but it's not tho oil only— though that's running extremely lively — but the water, too, that brings us back again to tho Lares and Penates. Tears as if this lust big shnko had sort of reversed tho action of tho provious one. Tho oil's pumping up of itself now as hard as it can go without any horse power, and tho river's flowing as if it had to make up in full lor nil arrears botween this and Christmas." "Tho river I" Ali criod. "Is there a river here, then? Not down tho canyon, for wo enmo that way. There isn't a drop of water thcro anywhere." "No, not down tno canyon, his friend assented with a quiet nod, " but from tho wall south. There's springs in tho wall— at least thoro was — that must havo bust out again from tho look of tho country. Auy way, wo got the uows of tho fresh departure at Oil City yostor- duy ; people up tho trail noticed wator coming down the river , like mad again, and coal oil floating and dancing liko a ballet girl on top of it. And as wo'ro large holdors of town lots in Carthage, the boys and 1, we didu't loso a minute, hut came up here right smart to settle in ; for tho wells are run dry at Oil Cily, and to-morrow Carthago 'II bo on tho boom as fresh as over. Last week, town lots hero wasn't worth tho value of tho paper you'd transfer 'em on, and to-day do you see this 'oro ramshackle old lot of mine thar, doctor ? Wal, I'vo got frontago right down to the river, and a bit of tho canyon for a mile up ; aud I wouldn't tako 50,000 dob for tho ground this miuuto — not if you was to offor it ; no,, sir, I wouldn't. We're going to ho in lor a big thing, I toll you that, and Carthago will riso liko the phamix onco more resplendent trom her ashes. Oil'Il welt out from her like an oleaginous Big Bonanza. We've struck it now, and we mean to stick to it. Look alivo thar, boys, and tote thcin blankets in smart, wilt you !" Thnt night at List Ivau Royle and Mo hammad Ali slept, if not in n civilised bed, at least under what had onco been a civilised roe , and with real hcd-clothcs wrappcu lightly round them. Their unexpected rescuers were kindness itself, in a rough way, to the weaned wayfarers ; and, tvhon they had learnt all their story, did their very best to relieve their wants with food and attention. Tiie ghastly ordeal was over at last. They were in touch once more with European civilisation. They slept like children on tho hard floor that happy night, and never woke again till the morning sun had rison high above the ruined roofs of thoir tumble-down refuge. 