' lAslbauras Go33ip. (From our Own Correspondent.) Town has been unusually quiet daring the last week. I think ihe reason is that '' The tethered hope of spring" — as I have seen it poetically described somewhere— is holding us all iu check. Certainly the weather has been most obnoxious ; what a press friend of mine called " Piebald weather. Black with rain and white with dust." Such really are the pleasant alternations we have been having, aud we are beginning to sigh for a fairer prospect, and very naturally too. Spring is generally » very delightful season in Melbourne, but this one has opened in- auspiciously, and the days as yec have either been too hot or too cold. An a natural result of this changeableness, there is a great amount of sickness about and the death rate- is high. Diptheria, the most fiendish of all zymotic diseases, has been rnrnpart, especi ally among children, and I am truly sorry to see its dreadful presence has 'made itself felt in the country districts too. Horreecn referens! lean speech with feeling about it, for within the last month I have seen two young lives near- and dear, strnck down and strangled by it. Talking of the weather reminds me of my friend the Government Astronomer, Mr Ellery, and thinking of him makes me recollect a letter he showed me from Mr Cosmo Newbery, whom all Australia knows as the head of our Technological Museum. Mr Newbery has always been one of the most popular men in Melbourne, and his great scientific attainments and position in the Public Service have made him widely and deservedly known throughout the whole of the colonies. He was one of the injured in the late terrible Windsor railway accident, and indeed was so shattered that tor some time his life was despaired oF. However, he went home to recover, but according to the letter I referred to above, I learn his health continues to be so" unsatisfactory as to compel him him to apply for an extension of leave of absence from tlie Museum. Of course this will be granted, and I can only say that I rorv.ciiny uupc| ouiuii iiiuusuUQiii OL uiiiicf well-wishers, t at Cosmo may soon be fully restored to health and strength. He will be greatly missed at the Exhibition as well as at the Museum ; for had he been in Melbourne he would have discharged the same duties which he fulfilled at the International Exhi bition of '80— that of chairman of Juries. His locum, tenens \e Mr Bosisto, the member, a man who has pushed himself from the ranks, and who is shrewd enough, but who does not possess one- fifth the aplomb, the ability the tact, the savoir faire, or the refinement of Mr Cosmo Newbery. I prophecied in one of my letters a month or two back, that our Governor's term of office would be extended, and now I am glad to be able to say that such is aotually the case. He has had another year tacked on to the five our governors generally enjoy, and has consequently some twenty-one months still of gubernatorial eminence among us. We are all gratified at the fact, because Sir Henry- and Lady Loch are both justly re spected, admired and loved. . Going back, I. find Sir Henry Barkly, Viscount Canterbury, and Sir George Bowen. were the only three previous governors who had their term of office lengthened. They were all popular in the extreme, and, as in the case of Sir Henry, the prolongation of their rule was distinctly due to the general wish that they should remain. I am glad the Lochs have had this mark of honour and respect shown them, for they are really good people, kindly, oourt- eous, useful, charitable, and refined; and they having elevated Government House and Government circles to a status they have never previously attained, but which in future must of necessity be kept up by their successors. Looking at it however from a practical point of view, Australia pays a pretty penny for her gubernatoral whistle. We pay £10,000 per annum ; Lord Carrington draws £7,000; Queensland, South Australia, and New Zealand give £5,000 each ; Western Australia £3,000, and Tasmania £3500. One may reckon, adding allowances and salaries to Government House officials, that Australia pays something like £80,000 a year all told. Now/ America with its fifty millions of population pays its President only £10.000 per annum ; so that the colonies with their scanty four millions of peoole hare rather a millstone ronnd their necks in the way of expense. I merely mention this as an item of interest mind, and not in any disloyal sense whatsoever. We in Victoria pay. our | temporal head right willingly, I am sure ; 1 I and nobody grudges his share. I trust I am ! not like that speaker at a certain dinner ! in the country, to whom was entrusted the I honorable 'duty of proposing the Governor's 1 health. Our friend, good honest man, was I no orator, and moreover when he found him, self on his legs, experienced the utmost diffidence and embarrassment. It wa> a show dinuer, and Mr (let us say 6.u»s) glancing nervous at the array of faces, gre «v red iu the face aiid found hitnAelf quite at a loss for words. " Mr President and gentle men, ' he said nervously, ' I have been asked to propose the health of — of — his Exellc-iey Sir Henry Loch, I am sure you will all respond to— the— the— toast, and so — and so — here's long life to the Governor, aud— and — aud— may toe soon have another." We have lately received -in Melbourne, copies of young Fergus Hume's new " shilling shocker," "Madame Midas." I am griev ously disappointed with the novel, for it is such a farrago of murders, abduciioiis, poisonings, and villanies generally as to be auytbing but elevating reading at all. I should not like to see young ladies I know reading it, for it deals with matters which are generally left alone by young people. I daresay the book will find a great sale out here all the same for it is highly sensaiio.iuii The chief character is a certain arcli-vul.iiu, a New Caledonian recidiviste and escapee named Gaston Vaudeloup, and it is concern ing his uuwiiolesome doings that this u.ivel is chiefly about. He murders, robs, leads a young, girl astray, and acts the villain gen erally in the airiest and most nonchalant manlier, and is filially drowned iu the Yarns. Fergus writes from Loudon that the first edition was sold 111 a week, and further orders for thirty odd thousand received at the same, lime ; and 1 am giad of it for his sake, though I must confess to being disappointed that he should so drag his 11 one in the dirt by writ ing such shocKiug stuff. The -whole circum stance of fhe success of the " Mystery of a Hansom Call," and this second book, how ever, is a proof of wiiat p.isli and energy cau do. A young man named Trischler, formerly an einployb of William Iuglis and Co, a lirin of -Melbourne publishers alio went insolvent, being out of employment took the " Mystery" up, floated a small private comatiy here t» publish it, aud took it to London. To hiin iu reality J3 owing the success of the work and he has rather startled some of (he mouldy old English publishing firms with Australian push and enterprise. Last Saturday saw what is; practically the close of the football season. Now the follow ers of the arduous game go into retirement co accumulate a fair amount of adipose tissue to be worked off iu the season of '89. The game has been wondevfully popular right through out the season, ami at soine of the neat matches it was nothing to see twenty and - thirty thousand spectators watching the game. According tb the record of daring deeds now done, South Melbourne comes in an easy first, followed by Geelong. Wiiliamstown follows, and Carlton— so long the' Premier- only comes in fourth. Cricket 110 w will, shortly usurp the public attention, and al ready creases are being prepared, grass cut, and rollers at work. I mhst confess, quant a moi, I prefer the lusty, robust -football 10 1 tie genteeler cricket, and many a Saturday afier- uoon have I. spent iu watching brawny, 'ybnng Australia following the leather . A propos of cricket, I was told a, few days ago. that some Melbourne ymirig ladies intend following the example set rhein by the Eng lish girls, and are going in for a cricket olutt/. and grounds of their own. It will lie a decided novelty for the colonies, a lady's cricket .club, but I -see no reason whatever whv "our girls" should not go in for the noble game equally as well as " our boys." This sounds very much like competition between the sexes ; but even if it is so, Mel bourne is truly the home of competition. And to what extent the facile minds of laud- boouicrs alone cau know. These gentlemen seem to have exhausted the ordinary moles of advertising, and now take fresh depar tures. One of. the latest dodges takes the shape of boxes of safety matches, with the 1 date, place, and full particulars oi a land sale printed thereon. Then we have novels, distributed grantuitons'y, wherein the hero and heroine, after maiiy adventures, end happily by purchasing an allotment in such- . anil-such an estate, live there gloriously ever after. Then we have land-sale priz :s and cups at races, land- sale prize poems, and oh, bathos ! land-sale songs set to music. I should not be surprised to see a balloon as cent advertised as an attraction to somb sale or other. , For the Nursery Fnivlyard, Garden. &c.;, use IN8ECT1PHOBIA only, it is most reliable. Her Cousin : "I must say, Emma, that you've g-own quite handsome. There, 110 w, can't you give me a compliment in return ?" Hi? Cousin : " Weil, I should say yon are a gentleman of exoelienfe taste." Young Mr Sissy (to his pretty cousin) : "I ay, Maud, how did my song " Home Again from a Foreign Shore,' seein to impress the. oompauy?" Pretty Cousia : " Well some of : them, Charley, looked as if they, were . sorry that we ever came baek." A lady graduate, being out in the country, v went into the stable of a farmhouse. " Dear me, how close the poor cows, are crowded to gether," she remarked. "Yes, mnm, but we have to do that." "Why so?" " So they will give condensed milk." Brown : " I sty, Dumley, Robinson has threat ened that the first time lie meets you he pur poses to knock some home-sense in to you. You want to look out to him." Dumley (contempt- ously) : ' Pooh ! It would take a dozen umii like Robinson to knock any horse-sense iuto 11 me. A searcher after truth wants to know " why it is, with so many negroes dying, nobody ever tees a black ghost ?" He : " My darling, I really believe my rheu matism has wholly disappeared." She: "Then I s'pose we shall never know when the weather is going to change ?" Foote. on his return from a visit to Ireland, was asked if he had seen Cork. " No," he re. pli«d ; " but when I was iu Dublin I saw great / many drawings of it." He : " But ain't you afraid your parents will bs angry if we get married?" Sne : " No, they won't care. Why, they are married, coo. "Sure, I'm heir to an immense estate an ter my father's wdl. Wiien he ordered my eldest brother to divide the house witn me, by St. Patrick he did it !— for he tuk the inside him self and gave mo the outside." "No, Fido," she said to her little dog, that was mutely suppliant, " one of these hot biscuits is as much as is good for you. " Can't I have another biscuit, mamma?" asked her- little girl. " Certainly, dear," said the m inlg-. ent mother, "you can have as many as yon, want." Envious young 'man (speaking of favored rival) : " Yes, George is clever and handsomp but he is so abominably conceited." . Sharp young la.ly : " But, Mr Dumley, if you were handsome aud Qlever, would not you he emieit- ed ?" (A few moment's reflection, follqwed by tot si collapse of >umley.) 