ENGLISH HORTICULTURAL NOTES. Another famous collection of filmy ferns j baa been presented to the Royal- gardens, Kew. ThiajLa the-coliection of the late Mr. Cooper-Forfcter ; the plants" were grown in ! several small booses on the top of his house [ in Qrosvenor-street, London, where he kept j them in qnite marvel loos health. To his son, Mr. Stuart Forater^the Kew collection is in debted; for this valuable. collection ; many of I the specimens are unique for Bize and j Health." - According to the Revue Horticole, M. Millardethas ascertained, after prolonged ex-1 periment, that hybrid vines obtained by the crossbreeding of European with American forms, resist absolutely the attacks of phyl loxera and other vegetable parasites. The | Gardeners' Chronicle is judiciously sceptical as to the validity of the term " absolute," but, continues our contemporary, "we con gratulate our neighbours on their per severance in applying the resources of horti culture to the overthrow of their enemies." | On this extremely important matter we shall j treat farther in, probably, other columns. The Chronicle arranges iu strong contrast the horticultural educational institutions of Germany and France with those of Great Britain:—"Germany has, according to Agri cultural Science, 33 horticultural schools, of which the principal are at Potsdam, estab lished in 1824; Proskau, 18G8; Geiseuheim, in 1872; and the Flora at Cologne, in 1872. Besides these, there are, not mentioned by our contemporary, the pomological institutes and forestschoola. In Belgium there are two well-equipped Schools, that of Ghent and of Vilvorde, the model of which, it will be re membered,"formedso remarkable an exhibit at.the.Health Exhibition. France has a school of horticulture at Versailles, with a preaidentand nine professors and 40 scholars, jwho hkve free destruction for three years. Denmark, as we know, educates her gardeners J highly, as she has done her dairy-farmers, with the rekalt that much too large a propor-1 tion of the butter trade in this country is in | the hands of the little Scandinavian kingdom, while Ireland and our own grazing counties are falling behind ; and, to revert to horti culture proper, we have not even the ghost of a school of horticulture; and Cliiswick— poor Chiswick—is the only public establish ment wbere even the semblance of an experimental garden is maintained. * Oh ! but,' it is said, - * the educated gardeners are not practical—there is no work in j | them.' Perhaps not in particular indi-1 viduals; but is it not true that the Ger mans are practical enough to be able to oust I us in practical and commercial matters simply from their superior brain-power—no, we will not say power, for that would not be J true—but from more careful brain-develop ment, just as in military matters they over came the French in 1870!" Gunnersbury Hero is the name of a very , late blooming varietjoi the Japanese section, of a rich golden yellow colour, and a free flowerer. It is at present grown only in Guernsey, but will, of course, be at once translated to England now that its merits are recognised. Paiadia rotundifolia is the name of a small tree, of which only a single specimen now survives, in the island of St Helena. Seed has been sent to Kew, where it is said to have germinated, bat there appears to be 'some doubt'whether the species will be per *petu&tedl; At any r&te;, Beed should be sent to'a Country pc^sessuhg a climate more nearly resembling that of theUland. .The tree figured by the Cftroniole is, by no means, a handsome epecimenjit is historically interesting, inas much us it is powihgiOear the gates of Long wdod,';,tber^idepep btprison of Napoleon, and it is botanrcally interesting on account | of its belonging to the order Composite A discussion in the colamns of the Garden j relating to .the question what are. the best varieties of peats, has eli<£ted many and wide differences of opinion. T It is amusing to find the editor pinning his faith to .Jargonelle, and that,too, whilst condemning; largevarieties.; It is, of coarse, recognised in this country as 'a pear fit only for cold districts; even in Britain it admittedly does better-in Scotlandtban in England, whilst some of the .beet pears grown in this colony require even in th e south of England a wall having the wannest aspect, and a combi natiouqf favourable conditions. The editor stijphWiJUamV Bon Chretien as "a petit ^f «i^h^a^i Havour," ineligible for jn^qsmn fanqonga.t /the list of standard •varieties^ Heaversthat the Jargonelle is the: ■■ j , Amagnjifice^l tpg&penol; Lapageria rosea is depicted; Ufa » Journal qf Horticulture, \ hnd is relerred to as ■ having been grown in 1 ^b^^dtFiMtny^n'axoed, Coventry.' WM at Sandy: fehp'pr, Augapt , 2fidlh-.ivbere the splendid specimen Lepageris'rosea was awarded of 10 etove and gree^bpa^pUht^l* & to a tub; and the measurement iB 7/t. Sin. hjgli I and 5ft. through, and at the tithe lions j 300 expanded blooms. A good plant of the white variety bids fair to become us large before long. A Stepbanotis growing in a! 14-inch pot is about 4ft. high from the rim | of tbe pot and 5ft. 8in. in diameter, and bad on 580 trusses when shown ; this is grown in the intermediate houBe." 