THEATRE ROYAL. It is generally presumed that when a Shakespearian play is staged for two nights only the performance will be of a somewhat mixed character, bat those who attended the Royal on Friday to witness the representation of Shakespeare's masterpiece, "Hamlet," were agreeably surprised with the completeness of the mise:en-scene and the highly creditable rendition of the play. It must be attributed as much to the popularity of the chief actor as to the favor with which the play of " Hamlet" is received by the public that the Theatre was literally packed from floor to ceiling, and that large numbers of people were unable to gain admission to the building. AH parts of the house were aHke, standing room being at a premium in the dress circle, as well as in the pit, stalls, and gallery. Not only to the student of Shakespeare has the play of " Hamlet" a Btrange fascination, but playgoers' of aU nationalities and creeds have pondered over the metaphysical query, " Wa3 Hamlet mad 2" and have thronged to each new imper sonator of the role to admire or condemn his reading, With so able an actor as Mr. Charles Warner the assurance was given beforehand that his performance would be weU worth witnessing, and we are sure that aU who were present were pleased with the representation, Indeed, at the close of the second act he was called before the footlights and received a perfect ovation, a compliment which was re peated when the green curtain feU upon the finale. Mr. Warner's Hamlet is more princely and: less melancholy than many we have seen. When overwhelmed with sorrow or with the deep desire to revenge his father's death he is the melancholy Dane, but at other periodshepresents Hamlet to us aB a courtier and a noble gentle man. Mr. -Warner's appearance favors this impression, his tall graceful figure being seen to advantage in his suit of Babies,' and with light moustache, • beard, and hair, his face is Raff aelesque, and; brings back to us recollec tions of IV chter, who we believe waB the first to wear a light wig. In some points of the play, too, Mr: Warner reminds us of Irving's prede cessor at the Lyceum, while in general tone and style perhaps his Hamlet most resembles Montgomery's. He speaks the text in a scholarly manner, with clear enunciation and the cadence of voice required to make the situations telling. He perhaps makes fewer " points" than some actors, as, for example, in the utterance of the words "Frailty, thy name is woman," To deliver this Kean was wont to advance to the footlights and raise his hands as though he had made the discovery of a shock ing truth. Mr. Warner delivers the line at the back of the stage with his hands folded. The full- length portraits are discarded from the chamber scene, and the actor relies upon the use of two medallion portraits in the interview with his mother, in which he " speaks daggers to her, but uses none." This plan is the more artistic of the two.. In giving his instructions to the players he is natural and unaffected, and in aU such passages as in the scene with the gravediggers where he dan be to outward seem ing a courtier he for the time being throws aside his cares. This makes the impersonation more acceptable to the audience, because their 'sympathies go out to him as a man, always with the latent hope that he will accomplish biB revenge on his father's murderer, Mr. Warner's Hamlet is not mad; he makes it apparent that Polonius, Rosencrantz, Guilden stern, and the whole court are fooling him to the top of his bent, and that to accomplish his Eurpose in fitting time and manner he must imself dissemble. Perhaps he is on the verge of actual madness when he "faUs a cursing like a very drab," and afterwards when he dis cards Ophelia, and again when he meets Laertes at her grave. Nearly his last words to. Horatio are, "Report me and my cause aright to the unsatisfied. That is the request of one who valued' the world's good opinion after he had wrought out the vengeance whioh his father's Bpirit urged him to." In the play Bcene and the final catastrophe Mr. Warner roBe to the height of tragedy, and his death was very impressive. As the ill-fated Ophelia Miss Morris was graceful and touching, but omitted certain business that we have been accustomed to in the mad scene. Mr. Vincent made himself usefully effective by doubling the parts of the ghost and the first actor, and the other characters in the play were on the whole fairly sustained, but do not call for special comment, owing to the crowded state j of our columns. . The balance of the.cast was as follows:—Claudius, Mr, Dave Clinton; PoloDiue, Mr, W, F, Clitherow; Horatio, Mr. Herbert Flemming; Laertes, - Mr. Frank < Cates; Rosencrantz, Mr. MarBh; Guilden stern, Mr. Hambro; Osric, Mr. Henry; Mar cellus, Mr. Harrison; Bernardo, Captain De Burgh; Francisco, Mr. Bennett; First Grave digger, Mr. Clitherow; Second Gravedigger, Mr. Phillips; Second Actor, Mr. Torr; Ger trude, Miss Jenny Watt-Tanner; Ophelia^ Miss Isabel Morris; Player Queen, Miss Beatrice Lyster. " Hamlet" will again bs pre sented and for the last time this evening. 