VRC JOTTINGS BY "CEA>BEOOK. " Favored with magnificent weather and a splendid programme, yet the New Year Meet ing on Saturday was not so largely attended as usual. Unlike last year, the Normanby Stakes took precedence, and it was half-a- furlong further on this occasion, when hut five started, as against two more when Hortense won, notwithstanding her 141 b, penalty. Lonsdale was not equal to. emulating the performance af Hortene, albeit he ran a rattling good colt. He was the first to antici pate the starter's signal, so there can be no excuse for his defeat in getting badly away. Maid of the Mist's number was kept on the board for the Normanby StAkee, although her jockey d;d not weigh out. Gladstone, who is !>v Gang Forward from Irish Queen, by Irish King from Sylph, was bred at the Morphettville Stua, where Hortense and Maadelina, the two previous | winners, were reared. , Leroy liad virtually a walk over in the Hurdle Rac®, but what joy there was in the j hearts of tboi»e fielders, who had taken the < odds, when tt was observed that the favorite : | propped at the obstacle opposite the stand. Gardiner, on Sinking Fund, wisely refrained 1 from leading the favorite over the next hurdle, but Allen giving Leroy a few rib benders the son of Sussex sailed along all right after that. A description of the Stsndish Handicap is rendered unnecessary as Mozart, the favorite, hat the race won after half a mile hod been traversed. Harvester was a moderate second and Casuist a good third. How many non-triers there were amongst the starters in the Standieh Handicap I should ot like to say, but I fancy there was more than one. Mozart, by Napoleon from Queen Mary, the dam of Sheet Anchor, gave promise of a great hor-e when a three-year old, as he won I the V.AT.C. Windsor Handicap, beating such I flyer as Hurricane, Irralee, Middletnarch, St. John, The Ghost, Ironmaster, Royal Irish man, and others The winner of the Standish Handicap next won the V.R.C. Railway Stakes, but un doubtedly hi beet performance as a three-year - | old was in the Bookmakers' Purse at the Vic ; t >rian Club meeting, in which he carried 8st. 5IU, and won by a neck from Alphabet, Cat. 101b., and twenty-four others. The time for the seven furlougs was limn. 23s«c. For the past two years Mozart has always been euiug to" do something big, but until Boxing Day did uot succeed. On that day he won the V.A.T.C. Summer Cup with Tst. 1011)., aud flst. 7Sb. on .Saturday did not trouble him as all know who witnessed the race. Is it n protest against crofS-country racing in this warm we.ttlnr that but a couple of horses thought fit — or rather their ownirs — to contest th>) Hurdle R;ic\ an 1 the Steeplechase to which 300 srv. were added, only induced four owners- to couqajtc 2 | Despite the steadier of 12$t. Gib., Royal Oak started favorite for the Steeple, and but for | Kulkyiii falling and inter.rering with him he I .might pooibly have repeated the V.R.C. Grand National victory. As it was, Yankee Grab, most artistically handled by Martin ! Bourke, won somewhat easily. Kildare was | never really dangerous, except it was when he punched out a (lauel i.i the last fence, but he kept ou his legs. There were twelve runners for the Bagot Handicap, which snows a. falling rff of nine upon last > ear's figures. Oricieigli remained a firm favorite up to the last minute, and ow ing to Railing' vigorous riding the son of Roo-Ice at Affluence s imewhat easily at the finish. Within the half distance the Caulfield Cup winner appeared to ine to be inclined to cut it. Dunlop finished a capital third, bat was all out. The bild fruit sho wn by Harvester in the Biuret Handicap took many persons by cur- prise, the nunv especially as the son of Emula tion ran a f;iir s.-cond in the Standish Handi cap. Last year I find Harvester also started in both races. When well, Mr. J. Cripps does not spare them, and in sending Double Acrostic for the Criterion Stakes, after running in the Nor- inanbv Stakes he wai only following the exumole set him by Mr W. E, Dakia last year wiiU Escutcheon. Th«re was this difference, however. Ea- cutclie »n won the Criterion Stakes, which ; Double Acrostic did not, although both starts i favorite, The weather is however, bad for fillies as wc know. The party liehind Affluence should have made a grand recovery over the Criterion Stakes, as Pincio started at " any price; " but having gone out at such long odds does not favor the impression that the brother to Mcnotti received their support By winning both the Standish and Bagrot Handicaps, Ramage showed that he was quite entitled to the ovation he received oo return ing to scale after the latter race. With a lees resolute finisher than he on the son of Boodee it is jast possible that Mr Loughlin's horse would not have got home first. 