THE CHURCH. Tliu following sermon was delivered by Rev. Charles Strong in the Australian Church on buudaj 0 1 oning last, tho tost being taken troin Ephesians iv. 4, 5, G v-, 27 I tal:c these ivor(Jafrom this epistle, in some tespecls, perhaps Lho finest oC all the opiBtles— philosophic, spiritual, catholic and tender— »9 a text from which to address you to-night on the subject of "The Church." This subject is &t; all times interesting \ it is mors so to some of us at present, in view of our position as a congregation, nnd of tho criticisms which naturally enough nro passed upon us. 1 The question of "Tlio Church" is a big ono In detail. So far as general principles aro con cerned, it may bo treated in few words. And . it .is to great general principles, my friends, that wo must eudeaTor always to look when any great question oomos before us. The error avhioli wa are all prone to fall into is that of nibbling, so to speak, at little corners of truth, working away at petty matters of detail, instead of trying to take a wide and thorough . 'grasp of the whole situation. We stop to roll Stones out of tho way, or to pick up a flower hero and there, instead of climbing to the ' summit of the hill and looking all around. Details, of course, are of consequence, and ought not to ho neglected or despised; hut whether you are going to fight a battle, or draw ft picture, or write a hook, or compose a poem, or build a house, the general Idea is the lirst thing. Creative thought is lho ono thing neod- ' f ul. If we would be as gods wo must first i become partakers of this. This is the secret ol Wo are slow ot heart to believe this ; and so our polities become provincial, our social economy a bundle of traditions nnd prejudices, our religion sectarian. Thero is nothing which hinders truth more than this — nothing which bo fills our hearts with despair when eeoking tho triumph of truth as this — the littlo short sighted viows of tho many who canuot see , over a mole hill, and have never looked at tho far rolling sea, whero go tho ships dipping beneath the horizon, except through the briery hedge of theirowu littlo cabbage garden. We are constantly speaking of tho Church. The question to which I wish to direct your thoughts is, What is tho Church?, What holds ' -it together ? What does it exist for? Thoso Bcem simple enough questions until you try to answer them. Imagine yourselves not iu a church where people so foolishly and unreason ably expect ono man uot to stir them up to , think, but to do all tho thiuking for them, or yather to servo up to them with a little modern sauce and spice the old bones of what others thought long ago, but in a clasB room whore you have to answer iu writing and in your own words such questions, no cribbing or copying being allowod. Might not some be puzzled ? . There was an old professor some of us used to study under who, wben wo hositated to answer a quostion, used to toll us to look ut a manual "which lay open on the desk, and there wo would find thought and language provided to our hand. This is tho way too often in church. Tho question is asked aud the answer is pro- ' vided in tho manual, which may bo traditional , theology, or, v.hero peoplo have not yot got beyond taking the troubio to open their Bibles in church, the Soriptures. First, then, what is tho Church ? Tho answer which many probably would give to this quos tion would in the main be something like this : —It is a society of believers in certain theolo- gical dogmas supernaturally communicated to a part of the human race, a society super- naturally instituted by a special command from God, presided over, some would say, by Presbyters, whose order is specially ordained of God; others would say by Bishops, &c.;, whose order is specially ordained of God — a society, further, which has certain specially and supernaturally ordained signs, symbols and rites, such as preaching the word and tho sacraments, the latter confined by some to baptism and the Lord's Supper. I think the majority of Roman Catholics, members of the Greek Church, Lutherans and Episcopalians, and pure Calvinistic Presbyterians and Bap tists would answer the question, What is the Church? somewhat after this fashion: — A society such as this is that, it would he said, for which Christ died that he might present it, to be Himself a glorious church without spot or wrinkle. Again, in answer to the question, What holds the Church together? it would be by many replied, Absolute submission on the part of every member to the supernaturally ordained government of this society, so far at least as theological belief and all things eccle- siastical are concerned. Others might say. Absolute submission to the Bible as inter preted by the ordained rulers of the church. Others might say, conformity to the ritual and practice of the church as by law established in the land and ratified by act of Parliament and endowed out of the land revenue of the nation. Roman Catholics would answer, 1 suppose, after the first fashion. Protestants, whether Episcopalian, Presbyterian or other, after the second, and Erastians, those who place the Church under the State — the State meaning the governing body above everything else as the supreme authority — after tho third. The Church of Rome, if I understand it aright, claims to be held together by a super naturally ordained hierarchy or priesthood, which, as tho mouthpiece of the Spirit, gives the law. to which all tho faithful must conform or be excommunicate, and which is the God- appointed repository or ark of tho truth. Some in the Protestant Church hold a similar view. but they cannot be called genuine Pro- testants, though protesting against the Pope of Rome and several of tho tenets of the ancient Church. Tho orthodox (so-called) Protestant view, if I understand it aright, is a somewhat incon sistent and heterogeneous one. It asserts the freedom of the individual conscience, the sacredness of the Christian conscience, the personal responsibility of tbe soul to God, and the spiritual relationship of each spirit to God, , on tho one hand, while on the other it declares the Bible to be tho supreme law of conscience, certain beliefs enunciated in the creeds to be essential to salvation, and certain rites, attend ance at the ordinances of preaching, baptism and the Supper to be of the essentials of ordinary Christianity Some in former times, and some perhaps to-day, in the so-called national churches seem ' to regard tho Christian Church as a political institution, hold together in very much the name way as thu House of Lords is held together. They respect it, aud conform to it, aometimos with a sly laugh up the sleeve at what thoy call part of tho national system and ihe British Constitution. How comes the third question, What does the '' Church exist for ? I suppose Roman Catholics and orthodox Protestants would say, It is the siiperuaturally appointed means provided by .God for saving souls. Preaching, tho sacra ments and certain forms of worship, belief jn certain alleged facts, said to have occurred long, long ago, and in certain theological tenets, are tbo ordinary means of salvation. . Outside of these there jhay he special dispensation, or what our reformers called " uiicovenanted meroies," in which some elect persons inay share who have not had opportunities ot availing themselves of " tho moans of grace ; " but only within the or dained pale can wo have any assurance of sal vation. But what is salvation ? In tho or- \- Binary acceptation of tho word it is deliverance from the wrath and corse of God — from boll — and translation after death to bliss, safoty, jheavon. 1 am well aware that genuinely pious and spiritually mindod peoplo, whether Roman Catholics or Protestants have along perhaps with this matter of laet view of salvation, u deeper and purer conception, but this is tbo popular conception as it exists in the minds of very man)-. " In a goncral way, then, the answers to tho three questions, What is the Church ? How is tho Church held together? What does the Church oxist for? might thua bo Hummed up: Tho Church is a definitely and ftupernaturaily appointed institution, held to gether by an external authority and a clearly defined systom oi beliefs, existing for the sul- vation from hell of the cursed race of mankind, nnd tho preparation of souls, elect souls, for heaven. As I said Before, in all tho churches deeper, more spiritual ideas are to bo found side by sido with this hard and mechanical eoneeption which finds expression iu lho formularies aud official exponents of the Church's beliefs. But it seems to us that something like this is the anawer which by many would bo, and is ' given to our questions. While, therefore, we have muoh religiously in common with many persons whose eccle.-.iasiioal representatives at least return such nu answer, tho question which will force itself upon some Christians is, Can this answer be accepted as satisfactory and final? To which we aro constrained to reply emphatically, "No." Ou the contrary, it is unsatisfactory to us from tho historical, and from the rational and spiritual point of view. First. This answer to our questions is un satisfactory from the htsturieat point / cieiv, To us thero seeuis to be no proof whatever that either Christ or any of his Apostles dreamt of a ohuroh in the later ecclesiastical sense. You can oi course, piece texts together, nnd put' into them what you plcaso. But that ' Christ ever (sanctioned bishops or presbyteries in tho modern aceep- tatiou of theso words will hardly admit of disputo. That tho first believers iu the " , . Master as the Son and Messenger of tho living God wore held together by a Westminster Con- v fessiou of Fuitli, an Atlianasian crood, an Act of ; parliament, or even Sacraments in the common ' f sense Of tho word cau hardly bo assorted. The ' ' v flretf ' balievers baliovod in Josus as tho Messiah i -' SPOken of: in tlie law and prophets. They ' fiirt-M -.Hw Jtfsttrait B «KfcEi£tsrt-.w- '-if; decmor. Gradually their minds and hearts ex panded under the genial influence of Jesus, aud they felt in Him mora than a mere national re deemer, more than a Son of God in tho fleshly or Jewish or pagan sense. They felt Him to be the prince of a new humanity, the first born of many brethren, thu reveller of man's spiritual nsture, tho new and living way to God, no longer King but father, the Word of which the philo sophers had spoken, with God, coining out of the bosom of God, Revolation of God, glory as of an only begotten son. The first believers did not _ Bee tho whole meaning and sweep of Christianity. It waB a bigger, greater thing than the thought of any ono generation. They caught the thought, it inspired them, and made psw men of them. But they caught it in littlo pitchers, in vessels of ancient Jewish or pagan earthenware. They' expected God's kingdom to take an outward form and appear in their own day. The apostle Paul at one time cortaiuly expected eome such supernatural denouement. If there was any formal creed which held the Christians together it was belief in Josus ns Messiah nnd in his coming again shortly. As for baptism, it was certainly at a very early period the sign of a profession of belief iu Jesua as Messiah; and the Lord's Supper was the social meal of those who in loving remembrance of the Messiah, and in expectation of His return, broke bread from house to house. But that either Jesus or His sorvaut Paul thought of baptism or of tho supper as sacramonta in the ordinary Bcnso, to be dispensed by ordained priests, we cannot think. The whole spirit of their teaching is against this idon, even if texts can be produced in support of it. That tlia fiist Christiana foresaw grand cathedrals rising, with incense and altars, and choristers, and mitred clergy, and fout9, aud organs, no one surely can sup pose. Tho Church of the first Christians was the Society of thoeewho loved and believed in Jesus as tho Messiah. Thoy had their theological differences as we have. Peter and Paul took different views of tho Uessiahabip — ono looking at it lroin a national anil Jewish standpoint; the other looking nt it from a more cosmopolitan and universal standpoint. Again, that the first Christians regarded the Church as a clearly- defined and God- equipped institution for dis pensing tbe means of grace by which men were to bo saved from oternal torment, lacks evi- denco. Thia idea seoms to belong to a lator poriod. The Apostlo Paul, for example, does not give any very cortain sound on what tho future of the unbeliev ing iu to be, nor had he probably taken into account the millions peopling tbe earth and yet to be born in lands still undis covered in his day. Christs speaks littlo of tho fato of tho impenitent. He certainly did not dogmatise on hell as His professed followers have done, who pretend to know all about what tho Almighty is going to do with the millions ot His poor children whom He has called into con- scious being on this little island of the vast ocean of space. Jesus oer- tainly strove to found a Society in which tho humblest and most unselfish was to.be chief, whose supreme law was to be the spirit of a loving humanity springing out of nnd begetting the trust as of sons in the heavenly Powers ; and into this Society or Kingdom He called publicans and sinners out of their sensu alism, and respectable preachers and priests out of their legalism, aud the priest- ridden peoplo weary and heavy laden with the yoke of bondage. In this Society or King dom Ho promised" blessedness, peace, all good things. Men would fiud their Father in HeaTen, thoir brethren and their sisters. They would bo the light of the world, aud thoy would be knit togothor in tho bonds of those who loved to do the will of My Fnthor. And in this Society or Kingdom which, He came to see, could be cemontod only in His blood— and in Himself as tho revealer of it, the chosen of God to bear this good tidings with which His soul was brimful— Jesus ielt law and pivphots— the whole Messianic expectation to bo fulfilled. This seems to have been Jesus' idea of the Church — an idea which tho lirst followers were Tery slow to receive, for their hoarce woro hardened and their eyes were closed through old world prejudices and preconceptions of kingdoms and princes and Messiahs after tho fiosh. Jews and pagans finally gathered round this Jesus and professed themselves believers in Him, half unuorstanding, or half misunderstanding Him, and bringing their preconceived notions of religion and worship and morality with them. All sorts of doctrine and ritual grew round about Jesus and His Kingdom of God. There was perpetual con troversy — one sect contending with another, one bishop ex- communieating another, the Rest resisting tho West, the West denounc ing the Hast. Tbe civil power came in. The Christians became nominally tho conquerors of paganism. Councils were convened — strange, wild councils, hardly, one would tnink, of the Holy Ghost — and there was much wrangling and disputing as to whether Jesus should bo said to bo ot the tame sub stance as the Father or to be of l.ke substance with tho Father, and as to whether the Holy Spirit proceeded from tho Father and the Son or from tho Father ; and sometimes decisions were come to in curious ways, and a majority of votes decided what was to bo the Church's belief. Polities wore mixed with theology, and now Arius, now Athauasiua seemed to ho in the ascendant. And so on through tho centuries men have speculated, and argued, and fought, and voted, aud ex- communicated, and callod in force and civil power, and of Jesus they have made a King like Cmsar, and of the Church a Jewish or a pagan temple, or a court founded'on the sumo lines as tho courts ol this world — the cross held up on high, hut the rapier hid undor the folds of the Church's robes. No doubt there was good in all this. Human thought has grown throifgh sued long fierce struggles, has been developed in Ibis way, aud modern thought must not look too superciliously upon the rock out of whioh it has been hewn, and tho often rough but sometimes profound and keen thinkers and disputants oi an earlier ago into whoso labors wo huvo aileutered. Beyii wrestle nnd rouip and wrangle, and do all sorts of things, but mean while llio mind and the body grow. All the same, when wo thus glance back along tbe way we have come, up through tho centuries, till wo stand boaido Jesus Himself and try to picture Him to ourselves, and to understand from tho all too scanty accounts what Jssus aimed at, what He must have meant by tho Church, what held tbo first Christians together, what the first Ohuroh existed or — the ordinary answers to our questions satisfy us less and less. The historical founda tion will not, as it seems to us, boar the weight of the superstructure. The ohurch was in the beginning something different from this modern conception of it. Its doctrines hnve grown or devoloped, and so have its ritual, its priosthood aud clergy. And wo fail to discover in its original conception the idea of a supor naturally defined nnd equipped institution for saving souIb by ritos and beliefs and ordained clergy, from eternal flomcs as the natural heritage of tho Human Race. Not only historically are tbo answers given to our questions, What is the Church ? What holds it together ? What does it exist for ? un satisfactory, but from a rational and tpirituul point of view also they.aro unsatisfactory. It is not, as far as wo can see, the Almighty's way of dealing with Man to givo him anything full blown and perfect. Through seeking, knooking, asking, with head and heart and baud, door after door is opened to him. Not otherwise. All life is attained through struggle. Groat thoughts, great goodness aro not dropped upon us out of heaveu. Of Jesus, even, we road that ho was perfected through suffering. There are times, I suppose, which many of us have experienaed, when we have longed to rest. Au infallible something we have yearned for to calm tho seething thoughts of our minds, to point the way of duty, to make tho path of goodness perfectly plain and simple. And the aqgwera giveu to our ques tions have in great measure sprung out ot this natural longing. God, it is said, caunot have lett us without an infallible hook, and, others add. without an infallible Interpreter of the book. God cannot have been so careless of his truth as to leave us in doubt on this and that. And so sometimes, with deep thought, like Newman, sometimes poovishly, childishly, impatiently, sometimes despondiugly and sceptically, men throw themselves into the arms of what they call a Church, Catholio or Protestant, and givo up the struggle. It is not for us to judge them. Say rather, Brothers, sisters, we understood you. We, too, have known your fears nufi doubts aud agouios. But, unliko you, we cannot lay down our heads on Buch Bof t pijlows. God seems to say to us, My childron, you can only bo mon through struggle alike of the reason aud tho soul ; aud there is for you something bettor than absolute rest of mind and undisturbed belief. Love truth, seek Me, not simply rest. It is not for us to judge them. Say rather, Brothers, sisters, ' wo desire to recognise whatever truth is in you, and we know that God is not confined to temples made with hands or ecclesiastical machinery, but this mechanical structure which you identify with the Church seems to us to be uo ossentialiy Christian institution. It offends or paralyses our God-given rational nature, and seems to ho out of harmony with the freo filial spirit of manhood and woman hood. It cannot mould the highest and most genuinely Catholio character. It docs not express tbe mind of Jesus and his idea of a Divine society of sons and brothers. Much of it, indeed, seems to us to bo in direct opposi tion to the inind of Christ, and to bo only ancient legalism or paganism in a new dress It hindors the free development ol Christianity. It includes many good people ; but it, contrary to tho genius of a Christian church, exoludes how many ! It has good aud earnest pastors and priests, but it does make some hypocrites and kills the mind and the soul of how many 1 You say you are held together by your tbeo- logioat systems und ecclesiastical constitution, just as a nation is held together. We think you bore show lack of faith. No nation is held together by machinery, any moro than is your living body. And your theological and ooole- siastical machinery has rather helped to dis unite and break up tbo Body of Christ, just as politioal machinery may broak up a nation and drive it into revolt and civil war. What keeps spiritually minded persons in all tho churches apart just now but juBt machinery — old, worn out, rusty machinory ? We oannot join your organisation. Yonr olotheB will not fit us ; iu your armor we cannot fight tho battle of to-day. As a olorgy-, man who felt it bis duty to leave the organisa- fttpa called tb Qburpb Eufflacl not leogsgQ remarfcod, V/o leavo your church not that tvo may be Jew, but that we may be wore, Christian than we were. Thus, brethren, the old viewfl of tho church as a definitely and supcrnaturally appointed institu tion, held together by an external authority and a clearly doiinod system of beliefs, existing lor the salvation from hell of the cursed race of mankind and the preparation of souls, elect souls, for heavon, it appears to us, will bear tho test neither of Uistoru nor of Reason and the Spirit . Tiien is there, you will ask, no&uch; thing as the Church ? Moat certainly there is, but there is no one organisation which can claim to be exclusively tho Ohurch. Wherever there is genuine allegiance to one .Spiritual Lord, genuiue faith or trust such as Jesus sought to inspire men with instead of suspicion and des pair, a genuine baptism of tho Holy Spirit and fire of religion, and tho willing service of our (Jod and Father, in all, through ail, abovo all, man's Home and Goal, with whom it is lifo to be one— there is the Church, there is the one Spirit, thore is the body, tbe very flesh and blood of the Son of Man, But such a spirit necessarily clothes itself with forms of expression, nnd these forma will be many. Hand, eye, ear, mouth aro all expres sions of the invisible spirit in you. So art, literature, thought, song, prayer, good works, &cM; are in like manner expressions of the one Spirit in whioh wo aro, as the Scriptures say, veconoilcd unto tho Father. No ono form exhuust9 tho whole expression. That individual form or union of many forms which is called an organisation, is the besft and truest which best aud most truly expre6see what the Scriptures call the mind of the Spirit. That is the best and truest Church whioh cau host and most truly express tho riches of the spiritual Christ. The highest aud holiest manhood and womanhood ; abuciety of man at his best, lighted up like cathedral windows from within with the light that shone in the face of Jesus, with the light of tho world, expressed through many a form and color, would be the Ideal Church. It would be Christ. It would be God incarnate once more. This is all very well you may say, but bow jauntily you leap over difficulties ! You thus set very light by tradition. By no means. We seek to conserve all that is best in tradition, and to put ourselves iu sympathy not with one line of tradition, but with all lines, Catholio aud Protestant alike. But a church cannot be a church without a creed. No, truly. But tho question is, Shall we, as in the first age, bavo the creed fluid and warm, or as now, frozen? Then you reject the supernatural ? That depends on what you mean by the supernatural. To us there is one God and Father iu all and through all, and to feel this and acknowledge it and so transform everything into the supernatural, and in all and through all to behold our God, is our endeavor. Wo seek God iu man and man in God. A perfect Sou of man is a perfect Son of God, and our aim is to h&ro; the Christ formed m Society so that it may become divine, and that men may be one in God. But thecreedB; do you throw them all ovorboard? No ; but wo hang them up as monuments of the past, of tho struggle of human minds and hearts to express logically the truth of God, and wo join with tho fathers in trying to ex press that truth for our day as they did bravely enough for theirs. But there aru diffi culties. Of course there are ; some of them, however, of your own making. There is no perfect organisation, and there is no church on earth that can perfectly answer overy question, and no minister either. The question is, Will you have a Church which when you ask, either silences you, or gives an answer which does not satisfy, or will you have a church which acknowledges the divine necessity for doubt and questioning, and, whilo Blriving to express the one spirit of Iteljgion, and to follow tho guiding star of a spiritual faith, refuses to put itself iu God's place, or to arrogate to itself tbo title of The Church, or the Infallible Church. But stay, one word mora Do you mean to toll me that you are held together iu exactly tho same way as the early Christians were? Do you mean to say that you accept all that the early church accepted ? I do not mean to say that any more than Imean to say that I wear sandals, or am a Jew of the first century. We do not believe in tbo second coming of Jesus in the flosbly sense in whioh many of the first Christians believed in it. Wo do not claim to become Paula or Peters again, or to lay the same stress on wouders, roystcrieB and visions as many did in tbe early church, in an age when these things wore as people's daily bread. But we claim to be in tho unity of the spirit with all the deepest spiritual hopes and aspirations of those good men who waited for tho Kingdom of God, who called Jesus Lord, and saw in him the glory of God and the light of man. And we think that thus we may come nearer to tbo heart of Jesus and nearer to tho Father he spoke of than if we copied the church of any century nnd thrust ourselves into other people's clothes. The conclusion at which we arrivo may thus be briefly summed up : — The Church is Christ, the Spirit of freo and filial religion, brother hood and humanity embodied in whatever form; whether in those who meet for prayer by the river side or in the house of a disciple ; in the Society of Christian writers, poets, musi cians, painters ; in a Nation striving to act Cbristianly toother nations; in Society seeking mercy rather than sacrifice, and the Kingdom of truth and boauly rather than Mammon ; in Congregations organised and united to rcalite in society the idea of a really diviue human mauheod and womanhood, saved themelros, and eeoking to help and nave the world frotu the bondage, misery and death of solfishnessand iguorauco, iuspirod themselves and inspiring society and the nation with higher aims than gold nnd lust of power and empty fashion, breathing iuto men's hearts trust instead of fear, aud oternal hope instead of despair, and in tho name of God bidding the People go forward. In such & spirit, embodied in what ever form, clothed with ritos und symbols or without them, in beautiful services uidod by the handmaids of art and science, or whero two or three are gathered together to feed the hungry and clothe the naked, wc buhold the Church. We of this organisation aro told that wo may be the Australian Church, but that we are not tho Church of Christ. Jesus says, "Judge not," and Paul says, " I judgo not mine own self.11 Lot us follow Je3us and Paul. Strive to bo &n; organisation expressing in the best and truest thought and word and notion the idea of God's sons und man's brothers and sisters, with one Lord, the Spirit, one trust, ono baptism of the otto Spirit of fire, one God and Father of light aud love working in all and through all. Light tho lamps within and let them shine through the windows on the win try night and tho dark sea, on which uma toil and struggle, and leave it to Another who seeth in secret, to say whether you have added ono little flame to the light of tho world, whether you have any title to bo called the salt of the earth, and whether you beloug to that Sooiety whioh Jesus founded with his blood that he might present it to Himself a glorious Church without spot or wrinkle. 