DEAD MAN'S ROCK. THE FINDING OF:THE GREAT RUBY. A. Ro xAo. a D. Q. BOOK.ILI CHAPTER VIII. (CoNTmuEaD.) .TELLS OW,Tflu. CURTAIN BELL UPON ' FRANCESOA : A aTBAoxrT. I do not know who composed the overture. It is haunted by- one exquisite air, repeated, fading into variations, then rising once more only to sink into the tender sorrow of a minor key. I have heard it but twice in my life, but the musio of it is with me to this day. Then, as I heard it, it carried me back to the hour when Tom and- I sat expectant in this eame theatre, no trembling for his play's success, I for the eight of my love. Poor Tom I The sad melody wailed upwards as though it were the voice of the wind playing about his grave, every note breathing pathos or suenpiring in tremuloos anguish. Poor Tom I Yet your love was happier than mine; better to die with Claire's kiss warm upon the lips than to live with but the memory of it. The throbbing musieo had ended, and the play began. As before, the audience were without enthusneiasm at first, but to.night they know they had but to wail, and they did so patiently ; o that when at last, Claire's voice died softly away at the close of her openiog soung, the bushed house was suddenly shaken to its roof with the storm and tumult of applause. There she etood, serene andglowing, as one that had never known pain My very eyes doubted. On her face was no sign of suffer ing, no trace of a tear. Was she, then. utterly without heart? In my memory I retraced the scene of that afternoon; and all my reason acquitted her. Yet.' es she stood there in her glorut ous epiphany, illumined with the blaring lights, and radiant in the joy and freshness of youth, I could have doubted whether, after all, Clarissa Lambert and Olaire Luttrell were one and the same. There was one thing which I did not fail, howener, ts note ae strange. ; She did not once glance in the direction of my box, but kept her eyes steadily averted. And it then suddenly dawned upon me that she must be playinir with a purpose; but what that par pose was I could not guess. Whatever it was, she was acting magnifi cently and had for the present completely surrendered herself to her art. Grand as that art had been on the first night of ' Francesca' the power of that performance was utterly eclipsed tonight. Once between the acts I heard two voices in the passage outside my box 'What do you think of it?' said the first. SWhat can I ?' answered the other. ' And how can I tell you ? It is altogether above words.' He was right, It was not so much admira tion as awe and worship that held the house that night. I have heard a man say since that he wonders how the play could ever have raised adythming beyond a laugh. He eshoald have heard the sobs that every now and then would break uncontrollably forth, even whilst Claire was speaking. He should have felt the hush that followed every scene before the audience could recollect itself and pay ice thunderous tribute. Still she never looked towarde me, though all the while my eyes were following my lost love. Her purpose-and somehow in my heart I grew more and more convinced that some purpose lay beneath this transcendent display-was waiting for its accomphahmeet, and in the ringing triumph of her voice I felt it. coming nearer-nearer-until at last it came. The tragedy was nearly over. Francesca had dismissed her old lover and his new bride from their captivir' and was now left alone upon the stage. The last expectant hush had fallen upon the house. Then she a epped slowly forward in the dead silence, anid as she spoke the opening lines, for the first time our eyes met. dlse then, all roende :-all love. all bhate, all vows, 'li v.ln r,psrosabe. Aye, 'tie better so. 8,r shae he beet forgive and I forets Oho else ha' chatlod him to a ilfe- long curse, Who e so had SU?icht tO-give ese, yeale Vai White hie remaitned that made forrivenesdear. i.r better to releaee him-lov,.r mre - Vow love d a. s Ie love andhe el free. Ton sh a d it by eejoyment arerk his ljoy, illxhtlog biS love for whom iloue a hnu. No. no. A- A nd is j st, t could not be. Yet. ohmy love. b h.peyfo tbe days Smayhota.hre. with trwho.epresentilps ti' ero the fights of my to.., Vmsoti Swaid nos have the bothink saVe now and then s In a, dream that ito not all a drtm- oa her whoseeloveo wassonshlne for an hour. ihon did or e'erlt, beam* coueid hl trayUs... - ine happ and fort whatmght nave beson -,; iorget my dear embracesna her arms .. iy lipe In here, my oblidren In her sone,'. . Whllis -- '_iF] Dear lovy, It to not habd to al: Now ores the path I plaint, see, sagept And esep as glaly to the s esailflce " e aony matd onsao hr blridai more- , . One ,Itile " rokt-ene tiny toehh of pasn •ad I am quit of pate for evermores. It oeecens bravery. Wert thou hereto see, I would n,; hove she woeep, bht look--o stroke, And thu-- - , What was that shriek far back therq toin the honuse ? What was that at sight of which the aldience rose white and aghast fiom their seats? What was it that made Sebastlan as he entered rush sndsenly forward and fall with awful cry before Francesca s body ? What.was that trickling down the folds of her white dress? Blood ? ' Yes, blood I In an instant I put my hand upon theueshion of the box, vaulsed down to the stage and was koeesling beside my dying love. But as the clamorous bell rang down the curtain I heard above its noise a tight and silvery laugh, and looking up saw in the box next to mine the coat-black. devilish eyes of the yellow woman. Then the curtain tell. CHAP ER IX. TELLS mOW TWO VOIoCES ED .M1f5 TO NOAtRD A SCHOONER ; AND WHAT BEFELL THEME. Sne died without speech. Only, as I knelt beside her and strove to staunch that cruel stream of blood, her beautiful eyes sought mine in utter love, and, as the laet a.ooy ahbok her frame, estrove to rend the filmy veil of death and esieak to .me still. Then with one long contented sigh, my love was dead. It was scarcely a minute before all was over. I pressed one last kiss upon he yet warm lips, tenderly drew her white mantle across the pallid face, and staggered from the theatre. I had not raved or protested as I had done that same afternoon. Fate hati no power to make me feel now ; the point of angule was passed, and ln its place socceeded a nomb etupidity more terrible by far, though far more blessed. jir love was dead Then I was dead for any sensibility to sufferlng that I possessed. Iarte'ie and oloaklese, I stopped out In?o the freeig night air, and rosardlees of the courious looks of the passing thrng I eurned and walked rapidly westward up the Sirand. Ther wee a farte arid eager crowd outside thrs Coliseum, Ifor already she neWS was spreadinu ; but something In my face made teem elveroom, and I passed through them as a man in a trance. The white orb of the noona was high In [leaven; the frozen pavement sounded hollow under foot ; the long streit stood out, for all ite yellow gaslIght, white and dietinot agaanst the clear air " bot I marked snithing ,f thl. I want westward hacanse my hisme lay westward, avd ilesom ineinot took my hurrylig feat thither ,1 had no purpose, no sensation. For aught I know, that nitht London might have betn a city o the dead. Snlderly I halted honesah a lamp-poe5, and hesis dionly to thinik, My love wos dead that was the nes fact that filled my thoughts no first and ei I stresoto Siaaes it upoxt my .nrai, iut onald not. Buaan I :toot there feebly sturelling with the thought in.her tasnk its place. Why shoutld live? Of course not : hotter cnd it all at ante and poneeseed with Ihis ides E ttartel once mers. 1"$rdegreai a' iwalked;. d tll ela b bh t iteelf~bdtge'ntb:. I' wbiI 0'ohonie;ge t mny grcnffatir Lk ,,tdogether with the tin box containing m fathetr' jo0irnid; anQ then make. for'the river.' 'That would- be- an easy death, :and Ildoidld"tidri:ifdr ever,before,l perisebed.. allti'fadd f the tildck secret which had ppr sued my life:' I lahd the mystery.wouldent'r foghtber .-so beat. Then; without '"?ion,." almost 'with -ghastly merriment, I thoughe-. ihat'rhis wea the same river which hadmur mured so sweetly to my love. Well, nodoabl its voice would be just as musical 'over my grave. The some river-but netter the:,eas now-nearer the infinite sea. , As I reflected, the idea: took yet stronger possession of me. Yes, it was in all respecte the beat. The coreeohould end now. 'Even as the Heart of the Ruby is Blood and its Eyes a fiaming Fire, no shall It be for thben that would possess it. Fire' shall be their portion and Blood their inheritance for ever.' For ever? No; the river ahodfld wash the blood away and quench the fire. Then arose another toxt and hammered at'the 'door of. my remembrance. ' Mny' waters cannot quench love, neither can thefloOds drown it.' 'Many waters-many waters' The words whispered appealingly, invitingly in my ears. ' Miny waters.' My feetbeat i tune to the words. I' Ireached my lodgings, ran upstairs, took out the key and the tin box, and descended again into the hall. My landlord wask slipping down the latch. He stared at seeing me, mDo not latch the door Iast" yet. I an. going out again,' I eaid simply. : Going out I I thought, sir, it was yeou a juat now come in.' ,Yea ; but I must go out agasin? It:' ii. portant.' He evidently thought me mad' and t o indeed I was. What, air, in that dress ? Y6p've got no hat; no-' I had forgottehi. 'True,' I'said' .getn es hot and coat.' He stared and then ran iupetaira for thli / Returning, he said: ' I have got you these, sir; but AI'i?'t . : fnd them as you nusually wears.' ' Those will do,' I answered. 'I miuehave lef. the others at the theatie.' This reduced him' to utter speechleseneisa. ',:_ Mutely he helped'me to donthe' cloak? "vr my thin evening dress. I slipped the;lt: boxandtho key into the pockets. As I tpp?D .r. - out once more into the night my landlor - found bl speech: . . When will you be back, eir '. The question startled me for a moment; for a second or two I hesitated. - ' I asked bacause you have no latachkey, as I suppose you left it inyour other coat. Be, that--' SItdoes not matter,' I enswered.- 'Doihot sit up. I shall not be back before morning~i and with that I lefthim still standing atthe door, and listeoing to my footsteps as they hurried down the street. ' Before morning l' Before morning I should be in another world, if there were another world, And 'then' ib struck me that Claire and I might meet.; B~b. had taken her own life'and so should I., But. no, no-Heaven would forgive her that; it. could not condemn my saint to the pit where. I should lie. It could not be so kindly cruet ; and then I laughed a loud and bitter laugh. S.tll in my dull stupor I found myqelf nearing the river. I have not inentioned it before, but I must explain now, that during the summer I had purchased a boat, in which my Claire and I were used to row idly between Streatley and Pangbourne, or whithereover love guided our oars. This boat, with the approach of winter, I hasd caused to be brought down the river and hadk housed in a waterman's shea just above. Westminster, until the heturn of spTin9 should bring bsck once more the happydays of its employment. In my heart I blessed the chance that had stored it ready to my hand. Stumbling through dark and tortuousn streets where the moon's frosty brilliance was almost completely hidden, I came atlast to the waterman's door and knocked. He was in bed, and for some time my sum mons was in vain. At last I heard a sound in'the room above, the window was let down and a sulky voice said, ' Who's there ' 'Is that you, Bagnell?' I answered. ' Comedown. It is I, Mr. Trenoweth, and I want you.' There was a low cursing, a long pause broken by a mattered dispute upstairs, and then the street door opened, and Bagnell appeared with a lantern. Baguell, I want my boat.' ' T,.nigbt, sir t And at this hour !' 'Yee, to.night. I want it particularly.' ' But itis put away behind a dozen others., and can't be got.' 'Never mind. I will help if you want assistance, but I must have it.' Bagnell looked at me for a minnute, and could see that he was cursing under hie breath. ' Ie itserious, air? You're not--' I am not drunk, if that is whatyod 'mean but perfectly serions, and I must have my boat' ' ' Won't another do as well ?' ' No, it will not.' I felt In my pookete and fount1 two sovereigns and a few shillings. 'Look here,'I said, 'I will give you two pounds if you get this boat oat tor me.' Thie conquered hti reloc ance He stared for a moment as i mentioned the amodnt, aand then hastily deciding that I was stark mad, hut that it was none of his busineses put on his hat and led the way to hs. boat yard BSambling in the uncertain ,hght over innamerahle timbers, spare, and old oars, we reached the shed at length, and togs her managed, after much delay, to get out the light boat and let her down to the water, I ayve him the two sover'inse as well as the few ihill'ngs that remained in my pocket," and as I descenoed, refleoted grimly that,. after all, they were better in hies poeaS-' slon; the man who shound find my body ,would have eo much the lea. seoil. Wehad scar"ely spoken wbi'st we were getting the. boat out, and what words we used were uttered i . that whisper which night alware - enforees; but as I clambered down, for the. tide was now far out, and Bagnall pasged' down the sculls, he asked : ' When will you be back, sir '" . The same question I I gave it the came answer: 'Not before morning,' I said, and with b few strokes wes out upom the ride and pullino down the ,iver. I saw him etanding there above In the. moonlight, still wondering, until he faded e) the ?im haze bebiad My boat was a light Thames digey, so that, altshough I felt the tide ron' inc up against me. it oeverthelstt5. made faor "pruoress What decided me re poll against the ti le rather than float quietly upwards I do not know to tbse day. -B deadened and vague was all my thought. that ,t prebably never occured to me to oorrect the direction in which the first few strokes had taken me. I we conesiolns of nothing but a row'.f lightse uliding past me. on either hand, of here and thlere a tower or. tall building, that stood up for an instant. against the sky and then .wam slowly outf' sight; of the creaking of my sconlls in the. angressed rwloocke, aid, .bove all, the white bshimmer of the moon following my boat s it. swung downwarde Iremember now that, in a childish way, I tried to escape this persistent brilliance that still eloug to ma boat's aide with every stroke. I took; chat somehow a dull triumph poe. se.ned me when for a moment I elipped benesth the shadow oft bridgeo? crept. behind a blbak and slent hull, All this I oca recall now, and w,,nder .at .t15 trivial nature ef the thoeght. Tbn I "cadght' te..' econe of white roee: and fell to wondering how itcamethere. There hbd been thesast seen- in ,he drawingrenm rhac afternoon, -1 remembered, wire, Claire had said good.bye' for ever. How had it followed me After this, I set myslelf aimle ely to count sts liahts that pa- eed. lore countt, and bhcam again. And all the time.theiowhiteglimmer haog at my side.?, •' ': -':- u: I was 'tallt:esapnod 'nit 4dlt- yy,'tloall,.,, 'tT alohouuh the cape was floroi hack t.ogi'sle m arme free play. flowrng so, I .muse quickly' have oeen warm ; hut I felt it o more chanT had felt the aold as 1 wpist)ed home Irom the thatee ty. bhoat was ereeping along the Middlesex shbort byp teaOld Temple 8stain, and presently tnrotdedtletiWawv'throuih more crowded ch unneluo , a,,l piseri te.,,r the black.ne of Lonlon Bridge. How tor holnw this I waen, I carnut ulaarly call to miod Of distance, as wellas of time I had lost all caloulation, I reaeldice makisni oircfult to avoid tho prea'st bohats wittlng for the early dawn by llitingtraHaoe Market. and have a vtitr nf IteWhite Towe Grcain?; t the heavons But my uir impression ofatry clearnese is that of rowing under the ehado(r of a black threo-mrasted acho;ner that lap close anu r shore, ti ted over on her' por6 side lutho low wdior Ar, mydingey listed - out aetlai from bhenreth the overhaniiflg hull. I lrrked up ano saw tirhe worde, 'Water Witch' phlinted in white uplon her pitob.dairk bowes, ? Br' thIs time I wase among the tiers 69 bshippig. I lookhed back over my shoulder and saw there countless masts looming opbl far a' eyb coald see in 'the dim lis.ht, aid their lamp flickering sand wavelagupon thib water;· I rowed abot semor. o trorkee, anO ?t1ht stopped. w hy got fuzrer T his plae. "ould serve as well as any other. No one tiws likely to bear my splash as I went over. ?:cird, and even if hearo it would not be in "4rpreted. 1 wase till, near enough to the "1lRIdleeez bank to be ons of the broad moron 1igo ??tbat lit up the middle of the river, I "?j,?.gthe tin box out of my cloak and stowed a' ?>?ora moment in theatern. 1 would alno it S it the key before I flung myself in So. clgliog the key out of the other pocket, I .-ouk off the cloak, then my dress-coat and -waistcoat, and folded them care. .flls. and placed them on the stern seat. '[Ehls done, I slipped, the key into one pocket .,, o'ay troteers, my watch and chain into the uthel r. I would do all quietly and in order, I 1eflected. I was silently kicking off my shoes, hwhen a thought struck me. In my last i.m?tPgales it was possible that the desire of ".ife.would Imaster me, and almost uncon ..ecously I might aeke to swimming. In the S:lddase at Lizard Town swimming had been s_ natural to me as walking, and I had no "4ecbt that as ao.n as in the water I should a.in. to strike out. Could I count upon ilermination enoubh to withhold my a me and let myself elo- ly drown ? Bere was a difliculty ; but I resolved to siake everything saure. I took my handkei dlilef out of the coat pocket, and bent down 4 .. tie my feet firmly together. All this I did quite calmly and mechanically. As far :alu~ne can be certain of anything at this dis t?ipce of timer I am certain of this, that no "'thought of hesitation came into my head. It was not that I overcame any doubts ; they lnever occurred to me. .rwas stooping down, and had already Mbound the handkerchief once around my -nLses, when my boat grated softly against womething. I looked up, and saw once more .above me a dark ship's bull, and right above my head the white letters. Water Witch. .This would never do. My boat had drifted mn the river again with the tide, stern fore most, buta little aslant, and had ranagainst eia warp by the sechooner's bows. I must l..pull out again, for otherwise the people on ..?ard would hear me. I pushed gently off is ,Lm the warp and took the scullse, when 'suddenly I heard voices back towards the .faten. .. My first impulse was to get away with all , ,peed, and I had already taken half a stroke, S ~l . en.something cansed my hands to drop and m?heart toagive one wild leap. ,_Vhst was itr Something in the voices? Y s; something that brushed my stupor Sfigm me as though it were a cobweb ; some thiing that made me hush my breath, and .arajn with all my ears to listen. The two voices were those of man and ..woman. They were slightly raised, as if in a ?quarrel; the woman's pleading and entreat i?g,' the man's tbreatening and stern. But tbhawas not the reason that suddenly set my heart uncontrollably beating and all the blood rushing and surging to my temples. .For in those two voices I recognised Mrs. 1uittrell and Simon Colliver I * Have you not done enough ?' the woman's voice was saying. 'Hae your cruelty no end, that you must puresue me so 2 Take t his money, and let me go.' SI must have more,' was the answer, .'Indeed, I have no more just now. Go, .'only go, and I will send you some. I swear ** it.' ' I cannotgo,' said the man, ::i Why 2' SNever mind. I am watched.' Here the voice muttered some words which I could not catch. '* So that unless you wish to see your .hnsban4 swing-and believe me, my conies. Saie?op and last dying speech would not omit to imention the kind aid I had received from you and Clar-' ' Hush ! oh, hush I If I get you this `doney willyou leave us in peace for a time ? :Knowing your nature, I will not ask for iity; only for a short respite. I must tell Claire, poor girl ; she does not know yet--' Quite softly my boat had drifted once more across the schooner's ' bows. I pulled it round until its nose touched the anchor. chain, and made the painter fast. Then slipping my hand up the chain, I stood with my shoeless feet upon the gunwale by the bows. Still grasping the chain, I sprang and swung myself out to thejibboom that, with the cant of the vessel, was not far above the water; then pressed my foot between the stay and the brace, while I hung for a moment to listen. They had not heard, for I could stillcatch the murmur of their voices. The creak of the jibboom, and the ewish of my own boat beneath1 had frightened me at first. It seemed Impossible that it should not disturb them. But after a moment my courage returned, and I pulled myself up on to the bowepirt, and lying almost at full length along it, for fear of being spied, crawled slowlyalong, anddropped noiselessly on to the deck. They were standing together by the mizen. mast, he with his back turned full towards -me, she less entirely averted, so thatI could see.a part of her face in the moonlght, and thesilvery gleam of her grey hair. Yee, it was they, surely enough ; and they had not seen me. My revenge, long waited for, was in my grasp at last. SSuddenly, as I stood there watching them, I remembered my knife--te blade which ta, d slain my father. I had left it below fool that I was .!-in the tin box. Could I : creep back again, and return without attract i "g their attention Should I hazard the attempt for the sake of planting that piece of steel in Simon Colliver's black heart It was a foolish thought, but my whole : soul was set upon murder now, and the chance of slaying him with the very knife left in my father's wound seemed too dear to be lightly given up. Most likely be was armed now, whilst II had no weapon but the . aaked hand. Yet Idid not think of this. It ;mover even occurred to me that he would defend himself. Still, the thought of that Aknife was sweet to me as I crouched there enbeaeth the shadow of the bulwarks. Should o-o, or not I paused for a moment, unde.. 'I ' then rose slowly erect. As I did eo itrs. Luttrell turned for an instant and saw me, , A. I stood there, bareheaded, with the ,amoonlight shining full upon my white shirt. aleeves, I must have seemed a very ghost; ,for a look of abject terror swept across her tae ; her voice broke off, and both her hands were flung up for mercv 'Oh, God l Look 1 look i' L:. a I ashed forward he turned, and then, with thespring of a wild cat, was upon me. ,ve?n as he leaot, my foot slipped upon the greay deck ; I staggered backward one step -two sateps-- and then fell with a crash down theds unguarded forecastles ladder. al CHAPTER X. o.r , r TuE dasT Ktem. O ,As my senses came gradualy back I could ,.tinnngulioh a narrow, diugy cabin, dimly lit by oe bickering oil.lamp which sweng from a . rter s aove. Its faint fay jeust areealed the u rumlture of the room, which consisted ol astman's chest standing In the middle, and 4wo gaunt stools. On one of these I was seared, propped against the cabin wall, or asther partition, and as I attempted to move . learnt that I was bound bnld and loot. On the other stool opposite me and beside the coheat, at Simon Colliver, silently eyeing quoe, The lamplight o as It ared nd wavered cast grotesque and dancing shadows of the man upon the waIll behind, made of his mattedr heir black eaves nuder which his eyes -,gleamed red as fire, and glinted lastly upon esomething bright lying on the chest barefore 'Aiim. SFor a minute or so after my eyes first -opSaed no word was said. Stilldizzy witb ;m??sall. I stared for a moment at the man, ;thonat the chest, and saw that the bright objeata gleaming there were my grand. .father's key and my watch chain, at theend of which hung the Golden Clasp. Bat now othe Clasp was nfitted to its fellow and the -awhole buckle lay unirted upon the board. Thoaugh the bonds around mr aarms, ;'wriset, and ankles caused me intolerable opaln, yea my flra? feeltng was rather of abject humiliation. To be caught thus asaily, to be lying here like any rat in a in r this wam the egontsia n g togt. or was this all. There on the chest lay the Ooldeu Clasp united at last- the work com. ploeted which was beaun with that noholy .maslscre on board the Bollso Fortune. I had rplayed etraicht into Ceolltver' hand. be wes it no hurry, but sat and watched 'me there with those intolerably evil eaes. His left band was thrust carelessly into his gocket, and as he tilted hack upon the ior,, alnd surveyed me, his right was playing wIth the alssp upon the chest. As I pnalnfull 4urned my head, a drop of blood came trickling down Into my eyes from a out in ny forehead; I saow, howeer, that the door was bolted. Anempty hot Li and a plate ol broken victuals lay careloeasly thruast in a eorne . and a villainous asmell from the lamp hlled the whole room and almost @hoked me ; but the only sound in the osrllneos ot the place was the monnton,,ae lork.tlck uf mvywatcb ns it lay upon the chest. ,HoW long I ha' lain there I coaid aot geess, but I noticed that the Ii or 'lhnted much lees than when I first scramlead *so deck, en goessed that cthe tide must have wlsep oonslderably. Then basing ixhaueted ai woander. I looked again aq Colllver5 and began to speculate how he would kilt me, I and how long he would take about it. o I found his wolflah eyes still regarding me, r and for a minute or twowe studied each other in silence. Then, without removing his gaze, he tilted his stool forward, slowly drew a short, heavy knife from his waistband, slipped it out of its. beath-still without taking his left hand from his pocket-laid it on:the table and leant back again. ' I suppose,' he said at last, and very deli' I berately, asef chewing hie words, ' you know t that if you attempt to cry out or summon help you are a dead man that instant. ' Well, well,' he continued, afterwaiting for a moment for my reply, 'as long as you understand that, it does not matter. Icon fees I should have preferred to talk with you and not merely to you. However, before I kill you-and I suppose you guess that I am going to kill you as soon as I've done with yon-I with to have just a word, Master Jasper Trenoweth.' From the tone in which he said the words he might have been congratulating me on some great good fortune. He paused awhile as if to allow the full force of them to sink in, and then took up the. Golden Clasp. Holding the pieces together with the fore finger and thumb of his vigbt hand, he advanced and thrust it right under my sight 'Do you see that ? Can you read it ? As I was still mute he walked back to the chest and laid the Clasp down again. ' Aha !' he exclaimed with a short laugh horrible to hear, ' you won't speak. But there have been times, Mr. Jasper Treno. weth, when you would have given your soul to lay hands upon tbhs piece of gold and tead what is written upon it. It tois a pity your hands are tied-a thousand pities. But I do not wish to be hard onyou, so ldon't mind reading out what is written here. The secret will be safe with you, don't you see ? Qu ite-afe-with-you.' He rolled out these last words, one by one, with infinite relish; and the mockery in the depths of those eyes seared me far morethan my bonds. After watching the effect of hie taunt be resumed his seat upon the stool, putted the Clasp towards him, and said ' People might call me rash for entrusting these confidences to you. But I do not mind admitting that I owe you some repa ration-some anterior reparation. So, as I don't wish roa to die cureing me, I will be generous. Listen !' He held the buckle down upon the table and read out the inscription as follows : START. AT . FULL .MOON . ENn.SOUTH. PoT. 27 . FEET . N N w . 22 , FEET. WY. . OF . RING . NOBTH .BIDE. 4. FEET . .INCHES . DEEP .AT . POINT. OF . MEETING . LOW . WATER . l~. HOURS. He read it through twice, very slowly, and each time as he ceased looked up to see how I took it. SIt does not seem to make much sense. does it !' he asked. 'But wait a minute and let me parcel it out into sentences. I should not like you to miss any of its meaning. Listen again.' He divided the writing up thus; ' Start at full moon. End South Point 27 feet N.N.W. 22 feet W. of Ring. North Side. 4 feet 6 inches deep at point of meeting, Low water I hours.' 'You still seem puzzled, Mr. Trenoweth. Very well, I will even go on to explain farther. The person who engraved this Clasp meant to tell us that something-let us say treasure, for sake of argument-could be found by anyone who drew two lines from some place unknown ; one 27ft. in length in direction N.N. W. from the South Point of that place; the other 22ft. due West of a certain Ring on the North side of that same place. So far I trust I make my meaning clear. That which we have agreed to call the treasure lies buried at a depth of 4ft. Gin. bn the spot where these two lines intersect. But the person (you or I, for the sake of argu ment) who seeks this treasure must start at fall moon. Why? Obviously because the spring tides occur with a full moon, cones. quently the low ebb. oe must expect, then, to find our treasure buried to a spot which is only uncovered at deed low water ; and to this conclusion I am also helped by the looat sentence which says. 'Low water at 11 hours." It is then, I submit, Mr. Treno. weth, in some such place that we must look for our treasure; the only question being, " bhere is the place " ' I was waiting for this, and a great tide of joy swept over me as I reflected that after all he had not solved the mystery. The Clasp told nothing, the key told nothing. The secret was safe as yet. (to 3 CO?nrn?sa. 