CHAPTER Xl. AND LAST. TELLS H10W AT LAST J FOUND 3IY JEVENGE b AND THE GIIEAT ItUREY. 'Speak-speak to me I Oh, look up and I tell meyou are not dead.' Diwn through the misty defiles and dark gates of the Valley of the Shadow of Death I came these words faintly as though spoken s far away. So distant did they seem that my eyes opened with vague expectation of another t world; opened and then wearily closed again. For at first they stared into a heaven of dull grey, with but a shadow between them t and colourless space. Then they opened I once more, and then the shadow caught their attention. What was it? What was I, and how came I to be staring upward so? I let c the problem be, and fell back into the eoaseful e lap of unconsciousnese. Then the voice spoke again : 'He is living yet,' it said. ' Oh, if he would but speak I' I This time I saw more distinctly. Two eyes were looking into mine-a woman's eyes. Where had I seen that face before ? Sorely I had known it once in aome other t world. Then somehow over my weary mind stole the knowledge that this was Mrs. t Luttrell- or was it Claire? No, Claire was t dead. ' Ol-ire dead I' I seemed to repeat to myself; but how dead or where I could not recall. ' Claire dead I' then this must be her meoteor, and I, Jasper Trenoweth, was lying here, with Claire's mother bending over me, How came we so? What had happened, that -and once more the shadow of oblivion swept down and enfolded me. Soo was still there, kneeling beside me, ch.aing my hands, and every now and then speaking words of tender solicitude. low white nor hair was I It used not to he no white asthis. And where was I lying? In a boat I How my head was aching I Then remembrance came back. Strange to tell, it began with Caireo'e death in rte theatre, and thence led downward in broken E and interrupted train until Colliver's face suddenly started up before me, and I knew i all. I raised myself on my elbow. My brain was tbr .bbing intolerably, and every pulsea tion seemed to shoot fire into my temples. Also other bands of fire were clasped about my arms and wrists. So actely did they I burn that t fell back with a low moan and looked helplessly at Mrs. Luttrell. Although it had been snowing, her bonet was thrust back trom her face and hung by its ribbons whi,'h were tied beneath her chin. The breeze was playing with her di' ordered hair-hair now white as the snow ilakes upon it, though grey when last I had seen it-but it brought no colour toher face, As she bent over me to place her shawl beneath my head, I saw that her blue eyes were strangely bright and prominent. Thank God, you are alive ! Does the bandage pain you ? Can you move?' I feebly put my hand up and felt a hand. kerchief bound round my head. SI was afraid- oh, so afraid i-that I had been too late. Yet God only knows how I got down into your boat-in time-and with out his seeing me. I knew what he would do-I was liatening behind the partition all the time; but I was afraid he would kill you first.' Then-yon heard 2' 'I heard all, Oh, if I were only a man but can you stand? Are you better now? For we must lose no time.' I weakly stared at her in answer. * Don't you see? If you can stand and walk, as I pray you can, there is no time to be lost. Morning Is already breaking, and by this evening you must catch him.' ' Catch him ?' ' Y's, yes. He has gone-gone to catch the fBrt trami for Cornwall, and will be at Dead Man's Rock to night. Quick I see if you ceenor rise.' I eat up. The water had dripped from me, forming a great pool at our end of dhe boat In it she was kneeling, and beside her lay a beavy knife and the cords with which Simon Culliver had bound me. 'Yes.' I said, I will follow. When does the firsttrain leave Paddington ?' At a quarter-past 9.' she answered, ' and it is now about bh:,f past 5. You have time to catch it ; but must disguise yourself first. He will travel by it ; there is no train before. Come, let me row you .shore.' With this she untied the painter, got out the sculls, set down upon the thwart oppo site. and began to pull desperately for shore. I wondero 1 at her strength and skill with the oar. ' Ah,' she said, 'I see at what you are wondering Remember that I was a sailor's wife once. and wathout strength how should I have dragged yon on board this boat ?' ' How dii you manage it?' I cannot tell I only know that I heard a aplash as I waited under the bows there. and then began with my hands to fend the boat arouen the ech oner for dear life. I had to he very silent. At first I could see nothing, for it was. dark towards the shore ; bu- I cried to Heave. to spare you for ven seance on that man, and then I soa seome. thins blac:k lying across the a..rp, asnd krie' it was you. I ganv a strong push, then roushed to the bows and caught you by the hair. I got you round by the stern ai gently as I could, and then pulled y u on board somebow-Icnnnot remember exactly how I did it.' • Did he see you .' 'N.s, for he most have gone below directly. L rowed under the shadow of the lighter to which we were tied juNt now, and a' I did so, thought I bhard him calling me by name He must have forgotten me, and then suddenly remembered teat as yet I had not grven him the money. However. presently I beard him getting ntos bhi boat and rowing ashore lie came quite close to us-so close that I could hear him cursing, and :rouched down in the i shadow for fear of my life. But he passed on, and got oat the steps yonder. It was snowing at the time, and that helped me.' She pulleu a sroke or two in silence, ann, then continued ' When you wese int the cabin tojether, I was hlsening At one pinrt I thick I must have fainted; but it cannot have been for loig, for wbhu I iauO to my4eli you were stilt talking about J hau tail on.' I remember the srund whi:h Ihbi heard, I and almost in 'spite of myself aeked, * Y'o. I heard about----' Glaire . Yes I heard.' She noodded simply; but her eyes sought mine, and in them was a gleamn thae made me attrs. Just then the boat ttbchd asa muaulderiog flight of stairs, crusted wi.h green ooze to high water mark, and covered now with snow. O She mads faeet the boat. Ii 'This was the way he went,' she muttered. pi 'Track him, track him to his death I spare w him no elngle pang to make that death p miserable.' Her low voloe positively trembled w with concentrated hate. 'Stay,' she said, ' have you money T' I suddenly remembered that I had given all the money on me to Baguall for getting out 0 my boat,.and told her so, At toe same moment, too, I thought upon the tin box P still lying under th, boat's stern. I stepped tt aft and pulled it out. h ' Here is money,' she said ; ' money the. cl I was to have given him. Fifty pounds it is, at in notes. lake it all ' ' But yonU I hbeitared ' Never mind me. 'ake it-take it all. What do I want with money if youn only kill nmi' II I bent and kissed her haud. ' As Heaven is my witness,' I said, it shall be his life or mine. The soul of one of us ft snall never see to-morrow.' Her hand was cold as ice, and her pale face never changed. I 'Kill aim,' she said, simply. o I turned, and climbed thbe steps. Bly this time day had broken, and the east was streaked with angry fla.hes of crimson. The t wiod swept through my dripping clothes and tl froze my achinbg limes to the marrow Uo ri toe river came laoatteg a heavy pall of log, h out of which the masts showed like grisly a skeletons. The snow storm hau not quite t ceased, and a stray flake or two came brush a log across my face. So aawned my Christmas Eve I As I gained the top, I turned to look down. t She was still standing there, watching me. al bSuing me look, she waved her arms, and I a beard her hoarse whisper, ' Kill him I Kdlt him I Kill him l' it I left her standing so, and turned away ; but in the many ghosts that haunt my o solitary days, not the least vivid is the p phantom of this whi o-haired woman on the blek and silent river, eternally beckoning, 'KJill him 1' I found myself in a yard strewn with a timber, spare and refuse, half hidden beneath the snow. From it a flight of ricketystone C' steps led to a rotting door, and theune into the street. Here I stood for a mcment, n pondering on my next step. Not a soul was a abroad so early ; but I must quickly get a tl chauge Of ltlies somewnere ; at present I stood in my torn dress trousers and lOaked h shirt. I passed up the street, my shoeless of feet making the irst prints in the newly. fllleu snow. Tue lirest No; for when I i' looked more closely I saw other footprints, s already half obliterated, leading up the P street. These muet be Simon Colliver's. I ti followed them for aoout a hundred yards paot the shabactered windows. a Suddenly they turned into a shop door, y and then seemed to leave it again, Thu shop was closed, and above it hung three brace balls, each covered now with aseowv cap. Above, the blinds were drawn down, but on looking again, I saw a chink of light between the shutters. I knocked. After a short pause, the door was opened, . A red-eyed, villainous face peered out, and p seeing me, grew blank with wonder. J ' What do you want ?' inquired atlength t the voice belonging to it. 'To buy a fresh suit of clothes. See, I I have fallen into the river.' Muttering something beneath his breath, thepawnbroker opened his door, and let me into the shop. It was a dingy nest, fitted up with the usual I furniture of such a place. ''hu one dim a candle threw a ghostly light on chairs, docks, compasses, trinkets, sancepane, watches, piles of china, and entis of left-off clothes arrayed like rows of suicides along the wall. A general air of decay hung over the den. Immediately opposite me, as I entered, a stuffed parrot, dropping slowly into duet, glared at me with one malevolent eye of glacess, while a hideous Chinese idol, behind the counter, poked out his tongue in a frenzy t of malignity. But my eye wandered past these, and was fixed in a moment upon some. C thing that glittered upon the counter. That somethiog wae my own watch. Foloaeing my gaze, the man gave me a quick, suspicious ghlnce, hastily caught up tcoe watch, and was bestowing it on one of rlei shelves, when I said Where did you get that?' SQuite innocently, sir, I ewear. I bought it of a gentleman who came in just now, and t would not pawn it. I thought it was his, so that if you belong to the Force, I hope--' i " Gently, my friend," said I; ' I am not in the police, so you need not be in such a fright. Neverthelesse, that watch is mine ; I can tell you the number, if you don't believe it.' He pushed the watch acroes to me and said, still greatly frightened 'I am sire you may see it, sir, with all my heart. I wouldn't for worlds--' * What did you give for it ? He heeirated a ,omeut, and then, as greed overmastered fear, replied- 'Fifteen pounds, air ; and the man would not take a penny less. Fifteen good pounds I I swearit, as I am alive I' Although I saw that the man lied, I drew out three tive pound notes, laid them on the C table, and took my watch. This done, I said 'Now I want you to sell me a suit of clothes, and aid me to disguise myself. O.herwiee--' ' Don't talk, sir, about " otherwise." I'm sure I shall be onyiv too glad to rig you out to catch the thief. You can take your pick of 'he suite here; they are mostly seamen's, to be sure ; but you'll find others as well. While, as for disguises, I flatter myself for e getting up a face-- - Here he stopped suddenly. How long has he been gone !' *About half an hour before you came. But t nodoubt you know where he'd be likely to go ; and I won't be more than twenty omintes setting you completely to rights.' In less th.n half an hour afterw.rds I stepped out into the street so completely disguised that none of m friends- that is if I had possessed a friend so the world-would have recognised me. I had chosen asnilor'e suit, that belug the character I knew myself best able to sustain. My pale face had turned to a bronze.red. while over its smoothly. shaven surface now erew the ronthest of untrimmed beards. Snow was falling still, I so that Colliver's footprints were entirely obliterated. But I wanted them nolonger. Ie would be at Paddington, I knew; and accordingly I turned my feet in that dlrec. tion, and walked rapidly westward. My chase had begun. I had before me plenty of time in which to reach PaddingtEon, and the ex-rcise of walking did me good. relaxizng my sriffenedi limbs until at length I secarcely felt the pain of the weals where Ihe cords had cut me. It was snowing persistently, bhut I hardly noticed it Through the chill and eutlen morning I held doggeadly on my way, past St. irtharine's I Warf, the Tower, through OGacechurch 0street, and out into St Paul's Oharcbhyard. Traffic was already begioninsg here, and thickened as I passed down Ludgaoe Hill and climbed up to lioleorn. Already the white snow was being churned and trodden into hideous slush in which my feet lipped and stumbled. My coat and sailor's cap were covered with powdery Ilskes, and I had to hold my head down for fear lest the driftinog moisture shou:d wash any of the colouring off my face. So my feet carried me o>'ce m-re into Ociord etreet. Row well remembered was every house, every lamp poest, every flag of the Pavemeutalmost I I Swes n my let -epst now. To-rtght I to.noipht whtspered my heart; then came back the words of Claire's motherr-' Kill him I Kil bIm 1' and still I tear.mwd weseward, as westward lay my Sudd-nly a haneom cab shot past. It came ep sllently on rhe lushy street, and i' ' at only when it w'e close behind thlat I Sheard the mulled sonud of its wheels. It Swas early yet for cabs, eu that I turned my head at the sound It passed In a flash, and gave me but aglimpse of the occupant; 'ut in that moment I hbd time to catch eight of a pair of eybs, and kaew now that my journey w'tuld not he In vain. They were the eyes of Simon Collivee. o So then i Oxford street, after all, I bad ' met him. He -as cleverly disguateied-smI e guesesed by the boam hands that had painted y my own face, and looked to the casual eye Sbuht an ordonnrybaiman. But art could not m ohange those marvellous eyes, and I knew Is him In anuinstant My heart leapt wildly dfor a moment-sry hauinda were clenched and my teeth shut tight; lut the nest I was d plodding after htm as before. I could wait now '. (no cC c.t . r s.) 