MELBOURNE , June 21. [FUOM OCR OWN COUEKSPONBESI.] ; The Government sh iull c artiinly advertise f i.r aspsaeh write'rbriet the jolo out to he dont. off as per. dontract." .At one tinit Ministers toolc a sort of fatherly pride iii, .producing; a speech which ' should 'bs. at. least 'passable, which should have.prettily tur led phrases, and go id "catch piintB.- " and'which, slioiild be as outwardly -and inipreBsionably-attractive as a beautiful woman or the transformation feceue in a pantomime. But;of-late years, Governors' speeches.have been. as dismal- and.drear as the " dark score " beforo .tlie Iyhts "are turns l on and the glory-sceno bssins. They hive been .absolutely rion-cothiriittin!; aiid appear to have been composed 011 the" principle tliat it's never wise to speik .your., mind, and that if yo-i don't say anything at all y.ou can't be attacked for 'it. " Of-such.-a kind- was' ; tke OUQ. submittodtous last Tuesday. There was abiolutely nothing in'it, and the pr.-igrainm'-! is like the miiiw of. a Barmecide's feast. And the reading of it was as listless- as apathetic, and as indifferent as' though His Excellency wera Kiiying"Gentleman, Ireally em't afford to put any emotion into this. These sorry words wouldn't jusfcifyit, an-lyouseel'mpaid onthe .ragular, not by .the job. " Only once,in referring t.i tiie death- of the Emperor Frederick did His Excellency permitto his voice theindulgencc of a sympathetic note, and'that he somewhat marred by carrying it on tho liext sentence. whioh did not deserve it. I confess, too, the adherence to old world precedents somewhat grates on my feelings. -Why. for example, should His Excellency in adhetenco to a form :v; etiquette which some 1 of his predecessors considered inad visable and uncalled for be the only male irho in the presence of a large number of ladies remains covered and ungloved ? As an assertion of "the privilege of rank it doesn't count as much , in .a community which is casting" itself loose from' all the old' world traditional observances, which has forgotten Guy Ifawkes Day, lost its hold upon the sanctity of the associations of Christmas, discarded April Fool's and May Day, and only doubtfully and in half-hearted manner observes that of St, "Valentine. It is right, perhaps, that there should be some pageant observed on a day of such national importauco, but surely the boom of exploding powder, the frivolity of the gimd of'honor shivering in the roadway, and the swank and swagger of the plumed members of the staS should be sufficient to gratify the mere sightseers. The real display .on these occasions is constituted by the dresses of the ladiee, and these were last Tuesday .exceptionally brilliant, tasteful,' and 'attractive. The. Council Chamber has never contained a throng of more elegant women, all costumed as though they had but just stopped out ot a. fashion plate in the ilagasin des Modes. ® But the deathless bird of golden plumage as the Speaker, who, for the first time in the history of Viotoria, appeared habited in the golden robes worn only by the first Commoner of r England upon State occasions, not his ordinary work-a-day dress. Mr Davies was from spur to plume, or rather from his collar t<i' his boot-heel a star of tournament, a gold thine incarnate; and when in the bustle of the skurry back to the Assembly Chamber an irreverent one trod on his golden tail, there went up a prolonged. * OI' of sympathetic indignation from the feminine spectators. Practically I suppose that the assumption of these robes nieaus that the Speaker of the House of Assembly in Victoria,, as an Australian Native, claims that be is co-ordinate and co-squal with his big brother of St. Stephens, aud that his kangaroo's tail ought, in the ordinary course of things to be as long and as magnificent as'that of the lion. Service hafi taken his seat in the Council exactly facing Ministers, his good ear being. turned to his friend. Colonel Sargood, who was . tlie ' Chief instrument in bis adoption 1 of the council in place of "tlie;. Assembly.^, The presence of the veteran, has evidently created a desire in Councillors to brush up a bit; and the debates in this House are likely to be far more interesting in the future than has been their average in the past, Thesore-eyes trouble has now affected Mr. Patterson, ..who has been compelled to desist f rorn reading-or. writing at- night,-and nowlfinds much difficulty in'looking acutely into things ever through bis glasses. Any failure of vision is so embarrassing to a politician aud such a disqualification in one who seeks to hold office that it has to be taken into count as a political factor. Mr.. G-aunsou's sense of sight has improved; Mr. Dow IB a trifle less shakey on hi« pins but Mr. Deakin's state of health still causes much anxiety and I fear the work'of "the session will tend still.further to impair it. One of the most unique of the works which, find their way to my writing table is Victoria's long established quarterly, the Imperial Review, published by Messrs A. M. Kinley & Co. Queen street. It is a wonderfully varied publication but tbe peculai-ity of it is thatiit is mainly the fruit of one well read and original intelligence. That the writings produced under such circumstances arc uneven in merit is but natural; the remarkable' thing about' them is that their average should be so high and well sustained. The Review not only brims over with original thought, expressed frequently in most felicitous phrasing but it ranges over the widest fields of philosophy, politics, speculation and social gossip and record. The varied character of its contents and their value as brief chronicles of the time, photographs of the clouds and patches of light' that float in;.our daily sky, may be gathered from the following list of the articles in its July num. ber, -priced at one shilling,, viz., Duk« of Sutherland, Lady Hamilton, Rev. M. PUHBhon, Melbourne de.Luse, Margaret Catchpole, Her Majesty's Servants, Tom Jones, Villa.Ros&mbo;, Walt. Whitman, Vondel, The Two Slacks,; Bacon and" Shakespeare, James Service, Newfoundland, David Kennedy, Barnuin's Show, The Polico Court, De Musset, Tho Silver, King, .Mephistophelos, Piilaii'd jfariweli; Kinjlake, Charles Warner,' Guinucss aiid Bass,' Money" Miller, Abbess Jonane, Medical Congress Institution in Australia, Sespstris, .Kahler't Cup Lawn, Kong Meng. Schopenhauer, Parliament of India, La Souras, Keato and Hawtray, The Bulwers, Mendelsohn, Marie Louise, Mr> Gordon Baillie, M«rely a Sketch, Chioago An; archlsts, Mr Ghaplin, Westminster, The Jews, Thi Compartment; Stonehenge, Local Preaohers. The Ctntennial, Professor Hearn, Rome and Leo, Australian Natives, Mary Lea, The Times. A Hamlet Matinee, Aristophanes, More about Diekens. The production of Monte Christo at the Princess Theatre by the Gaiety Burlesque Cornpony, has taken the city literally by storm, or rather the theatre-eoing portion of it, The house was what is known as a "good-tempered one," the hundreds of young fello ws occupying the cheaper parts of the house on Saturday night having come -to- enjoy themselves in good-humourtd -fashion.-' - And they did it, and though now. and then some person m the sfcalls or dress circle was made the object of chaff'' it was all done in the pleasantest manner possible.; The enthusiasm commenced when Mr Alfred Celher, the conductor entered the orchestra, was simmering when the curtain rose, and reached boihng point , when iMiss Nellie JTarren bounded on.to the Btage. Then the cheers that had greeted tha appearance of ieach fresh face, were doubled and re-doubled, till they .must; have been-heard for many a' block off- 1 And where all the delicious flowers that-were thrown on the stage could have coma from at this, time of the year was a puzzle. About some of the floral offerings, there was. as-can.easily be supposed,, a strong suspicion' af-'fake-'' But none-of this could of course 'attach to the modest hut frag! ant little bunches of violets and the "button- holes, that wor« cast at the feet of' perhaps the - cleverest burlesque actress in the world. ... As she.stood With all her captivating abandon, bowing and smiling her thanks for th« tremendous greeting'extended her -from all parts of the house, it WU8 hard to-believe'she had .been so many years on. the stage, or -thatoh* was 47 years bid. Eace, figute, action, all bote more than favourable comparison with the younger.members of the company. And yet when^the. whole . performance is oriticised,. it ..IB seen thvl -the-; Success-lies in -the s(.ric: attention to detail, Brom tho etartthe stage is never empty, nor: are thapiayersstin.for amoment. All is life, vivacity,gaiety,-the scene presented being a vast kaleidoscope .of varying colors, r Agam, nofc'evenher warmesb adimrer could say-that. Is elite Farren has "a ghost of a voice ' And yefc.Bharendersher.-songs-moreattractivethsm; can many a "Dure soprano And so with the other members of the-coixpany. The one foa-. ture that surpasses anything ;we have yet.; seen rn.' the i^ame liuo is the dancing, .-in art in which every member of the companyiis profi; cient^'aVthosewhobadnevor.'wjtntssedGoni' tinental ballets, it was -a revolation—and one too, 'Unaccompanied-; byrvthe slightest:improi.": priety of dressing or gesture : ; Havingiisaid>BO much ot the-domgs ;pf ,the 'Gaiety.crowd.'-itwill-perhapafurther.inbring- such a company ont and to " rnn" them When liera. - 'I .lcarn'that MiSB Farren recenxs £100 per, week, Mr JPred Leslie £60, and a the other members of tbe company in piopor- :tion;:-'sEurthsr,i'thattheir . salaries b8gan.iroiii' 'the-'momenttttht ".agreement, was Sgnad:; ^so that.this-:wonldsmean»atdeast,-six^week|'.5salarv for domg nothing, Then-,agaui, -the-mattage. ment hid to p y for first class passages, During the scason the nuinerons ot.her expense; briny- the total np to £1200 per weok, ;or '.£200"a;night to be .taken before ihe management "get an thing "orthem elves " ;; There ha bBen rare row up at the Exliibitio.Q . over earns -newe Bupylicd to one of sthe •;mBr.ning-i.i.ournals;.tand:the:.worst;of -it was tth'at.^xpress,CTrders''nad;.i33e.n.^ij'von;that.;athe SNTEUIGENT05SHPULDAE?KEPT;.FYER^I^ECRBT;R.«LT!IS. wsaop^nBsfe^henithefewMfnique^tiou'same; flei)gth^ogJ^at^'^oq^iorMloult>.feKemajned' mcnt denied all knowledge, but foralTthfit, »rie.%ihng^efflemanJia8!.4)eeii^autioned^hati nevei,^-"at"'his peril, must .he do it a^ain In ^d3itioni&mkastohas;%ee^ssueddhat:iorj.the' .future, the rpress ^follows are to hunt up their own information P 4 "What er funn ^pibtles coma into the gianas'Wfifthose^vJioBBsbusines^pntailsfifihBig ICL. u ip <ui 01 1 II i«eicr\ ilaj UMIL jrai, c) eVi j in 10 i>- Mii-d tin; ^SeJs^bBmllJvi. ml < fL ti 1 i_s qui '..0>jginalfftAiu9W<™tl&ripGnvfirn; , Dienti,-deuirt m-. lln tb"' "Lai ds Cfli e 111 quite 1 1-11111U able cnl;cc:ien of <bo J dotumc il,. One e.it,.-i niliCuli.r, sihu* 1 ii ha iSorgS) rlnuie,! vinnnnj thus;—i from tbe piiblished fi^nresit 'would seem: as -though the cVub hid a.precious big cuo'ut' of "last .. Satnr l iy'.s ir-ite—peril a little toohig whehitiis 'reinenbsred wliat a wealthy a^socia*.! in it is'. Stili, w'.ieu it is rjinemhered that the .'footballers are here as a-pureiy financial - spscnlati m, - it is " difficult. to seo "whtfe the Bympathy tliay s.eem to ask fur is to cbme-'- from.'- Wheu • they - made their arrangements, it-is to b; presumed tliey did so ,with their-eyes op in, and if they, got the worst of the b'argiin—well, it is their own lookout, no-one else; Hid they como to teach us anyfchingor to benefit the colouy in any way, it would have been quite a different matter. .-..-' A curiosity in testimonials is observable in the window of a Inotmaker in Exhibitionstreet, the eulogiuni of which is thus worded " I am directed by the Private Secretary and A D.C. to His Excslle Icy Sir U. B. L loh to inform you tint your biots lias given him every satisfaction." This fl ittcrriog tribute to tradesminlike excellence is signed ' by His Excellency's valet, but in a country where educition is compulsory ; it is terrible to contemplate that Hi? E'xcillency's suite may not be " up to the standard." 