. PROFOUN~D MYSTERY, PART SECOND OHAPTER XXIII: THE SECOND ENDING OF THE TiAGEDY. ''My child, what a question ! In every way. You are honest enough to confess that you married him-poor boy, poor boy-for his rank and rent roll. There, at least, you need not be disappointed. The settlements made upon you before your marriage were, as you know, liberal in the extreme. In addition to that, every farthing that is in his power to dispose of he intends settling upon you beside. His grand mother's fortune, which decends to him, is to be yours. You may spend money like water if it pleases you-the title and the wealth for which you wedded are still yours. For himself, he intends to go abroad, to"the East I believe. iHe retains nothing but what will supply his travelling expenses. He cannot meet you. If he did he might never bo able to.le~v~? n.. .O!b. Edith you blame him, you hafte him ; bt if 'youliia'only' seen him-only heard him last night only knew how invitable it is-how he suffered-how bitterer than death the parting is to him-you would pity, you would forgive him.' 'You think so,' the girl said, with wistful, weary sight. 'Ah, well, per haps so, I don't know. Just now I can realise nothing except that I am a lost forsaken wretch, that I do hate him that if I were dying or if he were dying I could not say, ,l forgive you.' As to his liberality, I never doubted that. I have owned that I married him for his wealth aid station-I own it still; but there'are some things not the wealth of aking could compensate for. To desert a bride on her wedding-day is one of them. I repeat, Lady Helena, with your permission I will go to my room -we won't talk of future plans and prospects just now. To morrow you shall know my decisioni.' She turned togo. The elder woman looked after her with yearning, sorrow ful eyes. : 'If I knew what to do-if I knew' what to say i' she murmured, hopelessly. 'Edith, I loved him more daarly than my own son.I think my heart is breaks ing. Oh, child ! don't judge him; be merciful to him who loves you while he leaves you. Be merciful to me, whose life has been full of trouble.' SHer voice broke down in a passion f tears; Edith turned from the door, put her arms around her neck, and issed her. 'Deer friend,' she said, ' dear Lady ielena, I pity you from the bottom of ny heart. I wish-I wish I could only omfort you;'. ' You can,' was the eager answer. StayT with me ; take the place of the on. I: have; lost.' BIt Editlh'a pale, resolute face did cot isoften . ' To-morrow. we' wili settle all this,' was her reply; ' wait until to.morrow.' Then she- was gone-shut up, and ocked in her own room. She did not lescend to either luncheon or dinner. Ine of the housemaids served her in her dressing..room. And Lady Helena, alone and miserable, wandered uneasily about the lower rooms, and wondered ho, she spent that long, rainy day. S~he spent it "busily enough. The plain black box she had. brought from M'ew York, containing all her earthly belongings, she drew out and packed. It was not hard to do, since nothing went into it but what had belonged to her then. All "the 'dresses,; all: the jewels, all the costly gifts that had been given her by the man she had married and his friends as they were. She kept nothing, not even.,her wedding ring.. She placed it among the rest in the jewel-casket, closed it and locked' it.', Then she wrote a letter to Lady Helei'a, arid placed the' key inside. Tlhis' is what she said . '?'DEARn'F ?EiD,-When you open this I shall have left Powyss -Place for ever., It will be quite useless, to fol. low, or endeavour to bring me back-- my mind is made up. - I recognise no authority-nothing will induce me to revokemy decision. I go out into the world to make my own way-with youth, and health, and ordinary intelli. gence it ought not to be possible. The things belonging to me when I first came here I have packed in the black box. In a week you will have the kindness to forward it to the Euston station. The' rest I leave behind, re taining one or two books as souvenirs of you;. I take nothing of'Sir Victor Catheron's-not' even his name. You mustasee that it is utterly impossible, that I 'bust lose the last sared of'pride end self-respect before I could assume his name or take a penny belonging to him. Dear, kind Lady Helena, good bye. If we never meet again in the world remember that there is no thought in my heart of you that is not one of affection and gratitude. SEDITI.' IHIer hand never trembled as she wrote this letter. She placed the key in it, folded, sealed and addressed it. It was dark by this time. As she knelt to cord and lock her trunk, she espied her writing-case within it. She hesitated a moment, then took it out, opened it and drew forth the packet of Charley's Stuart's letters. She took out the photograph. and looked at it with'a half tender, half sad smile. 'I never thought to look at- you again,' she said, softly. ' You are all I have left now.' 8bhe put the picture in her bosom, replaced the rest, locked the trunk, and put she key in her purse, She sat down and counted her money. She was the possessor of twelve sovereigns, left over from Mr Stuart, senior' bounty. It was her whole stock/ -wealth with which to face and 'l the world. Then she sat down reso lutely to think it out, and the question rose grim and bare before her 'What am I to dot ' your daily bread. Face the poverty you have feared so much through fear of which, two days ago, you sold yourself. Go to London, lore yourself, hide from all who ever knew you. Go to London. Work of some kind can surely be had by the willing in that mighty city. Go to London.' That was the answer that came clearly. She shrank for a moment-the thoaght of facing life singlehanded, poor and alone, in that great, terrible, pitiless city, was overwhelming; but she did not flinch from her resolve. Her mind was made up-come woe, come weal she would go to London. An ' A B C Railway Guide' lay on the table. Sheconsnlted it. A train left Chester for London at nine, a.m. Lady Helena nor any of her household were stirring at that hour. She could walk to Chesholm in the early morning, get a fly there, and drive to Chester station in time. By four in the afternoon she f would be in London. No thought of returning home ever occurred to her. Home! ' What home had she "HLer e~ipiolthi?"ias master and mistress in her father's house, and to return, to go la?k to Sandypoint and the life she had left, was as utter an impossibility almost as though she should take a rope and hang herself. She had not the means to go if she had desired; but that made no difference. She could never go back-never see her father, or Charley, or Trixy more. Alone she must live, alone she must die. The floodgates were opened. SheI suffered this last night as women of her strong, self-contained temperament only suffer. ' Save me, 0 God, for the waters are come into my soul I'. That was the wild,, wordless prayer of her heart. Her life was wrecked, her heart was desolate. She must go forth, a beggar and an outcast, and fight the bitter battle of life. alone; and love, and home, and Charley might have been hers!. It might have been I Is there anyanguish in this world of anguish like that we work with our own hands -any sorrow like that which we bring upon ourselves 1 In the darkness she sank down upon her knees, her face covered with her hands, tears that were as dreadful as tears of blood falling from her eyes. Lost, lost-all that made life worth having. To live and die alone, that was her fate. So the black, wild night passed, hid ing her as miserable a woman as the wide earth held. The gray dawn of the dull October morning was creeping over the far-off WVelsh hills as Edith, in shawl and hat, closely veiled, and carrying a hand-bag came softly down the stairs and out of a side door, chiefly used by the servants. She met no one. Noiselessly she drew the bolt, opened the door, and looked out. It was raw and cold, a dreary wind still blowing. but it had ceased to rain. As she stood there, seven struck from the turret clock. 'One long, . last, lingering look behind'--one last upward glance at Lady Helena's windows. ' Good bye,' the pale lips whispered. !'hen she passed resolutely out into the melancholy autumn morning, and was gone. PART THIRD. CHAPTER F. AT. MADAME MIREPBEAU's, OXFORD. STREET. ] Half-past four of a delightful June afternoon, and- two young ladies sit at two large, lace-draped windows over- i looking a fashionable Mayfair street, alternately glancing over the books E they hold and listlessly watching the passers by. The house was one of those l big black West-end houses, whose out ward darkness and dismalness is in direct ratio to their inward brilliance end splendour. This particular room is lofty and long, luxurious with softest carpet, satin upholstery, pictures, flowers, and lace draperies. The two young ladies are, with the exception of their bonnets, in elegant carriage costume. Young ladies I have said, and being unmarried,, they are young ladies, of course. One of them, however, is three and thirty, counting by actual year. The Peerage gives it in cold blood. Is I is the Lady Gwendoline. Her com panion is the Honorable Mary Howard, just. nineteen, and ' just out.' Lady Gwendoline yawns drearily over her book--Algernon Swinburne's latest--and pdulsont her watch ins: patiently every few minutes.. 'What can keep Portia r she ex claims, with irritation. 'We should have been gone the last half.hour i' The Hon Mary lookesup from her. Parisian fashion-book,and glances from the window with a smile. 'Restrain your impatience, Gwen. doline,' she answers; 'here comes Lady Portia now.? A minute later the door is uang wide open by a tall gentleman in plush, and Lady Portia Hampton sweeps in. She is a tall, slender lady, very like her sister-the same dull fair com plexion wears at this moment an abso lute flash, the light, lacklustre eyes an absolute sparkle. There is something in her look as she sails forward that makes them both look up expectantly from their books. 'Well," Lady Gwendoline says. .'Gwen 1' her sister exclaims- actually exclaims-' whom do you suppose I have met 1' 'The Czarina of all the BRulseias, Pio Nino, Her Majesty back from Osborne, or the Man in the Moon, perhaps,' re torte Lady Gwendoline. 'Neither-I laughs Lady Portia; 'somebody a great deal more mysteri ous and interesting than any of them, You never will guess whom.' Being five o'clock of a sultry sum-. mer day, Ldon t intend to try. Tell us at once, Portia, and let us go.' 'Then prepare to be surprised. Sir Victor Oatheron I' *Portia I' ' Ah I I thought the name would in terest you; Sir Victor Catheron, my dear, alive and -in the lesh, though, upon my word, at first eight I almost hook him for his own ghost. Look at ver, Mary,' laughed her sister, derisi tely;' I have managed to interest her after all, have I not? For Lady Gwendoline sat erect, he, turquoise eyes open to their widest ex. tent, a look akin to excitement in her apathetic face. * But Portia-Sir Victor II thought it was an understood thing he did not come to England.' ' He does; it appears. I certainly had the honour and happiness of shaking hands with him not fifteen minutes ago. I was driving up St. Jamps's-street, and caught a glimpse of him on the steps of Fenton's Hotel. At first I could not credit my eyes-I had to look again to see whether it was a wraith or mortal man.. Such a pallid shadow of his former self. You used to thnk him rather handsome, Gwen. You should see him now ! He has growr ten years older in as many months. His hair is absolutely streaked with gray, his eyes are sunken, his cheeks are hollow; he looks miserably, wretchedly out of health. If men ever do break their hearts,' said Lady Portia, going over to a Psyche mirror and surveying herself, ' then that misguided young man broke his on his wedding-day.' 'It serves him right,' said Lady Gwendoline, her pale eyes kindling, 'I Iam almost glad to hear it.' Her faded face wore a strangely sul. len and vindictive look. Lady Portia, with her head on one side, set her bonnet-strings geometrically straight and smiled maliciously. ' Ah, no doubt perfectly natural, all things considered. And yet even you might pity the poor fellow to-day, Gwendoline, if you saw him. Mary, chierie, is all this Greek and Hebrew to you I You were in your Parisian pen sioinat, I remember, when it all hap. pened. You don't know the romantic and mysterious story of Sir Victor Catheron, Bart.' ' I never heard the name before that I recall,' answered Miss Howard. ' Then pine in ignorance no longer. This young hero, Sir Victor Catheron, of Catheron Royals, Cheshire, is our next-door neighbour down at home, and one year ago the handsome, happy, honoured representative of one of the oldest families in the county. His in. come was large; his estates unencume bered, his manners charming, his morals unexceptionable, and half the young ladies in Cheshire,' with another mali-. cious glance at her sister, ' at daggers drawn for him. There was arlight draw back of insanity in the family. His father died insane, and in his infancy his mother was murdered. But these were only trifling spots on the sun-not worth a second thought. Our young sultan had but to throw the handker chief, and his obedient Circassians would have flown on the wings of love and joy to pick it up. I grow quite eloquent, don't I? ' In an evil hour, however, poor young Sir Victor-he was but twenty.. three-went over to America. There in New York he fell in with a family named Stuart; common rich people, of course, as they all are over there. . In the Stuart family there was a young person, a sort of cousin, a Miss Edith Darrell, very poor. kept by them out of charity, and lamentable to relate, with this young person Sir Victor fell in love-fell in love, my dear, in the most approved old fashioned style absurdly and insanely in love, brought the whole family over to Cheshire, pro. posed to little missy, and as a matter matter of course was eagerly accepted. She was an extremely pretty girl, that I will say for her,' with a third side long glance of malice at her passee sister, 'and her manners, considering her station-or rather her entire lack of station - her poverty, and her nationality, were something quite ex traordinary. I declare to you, she positively held her own with the best of us. Except for a certain brusquerie and outspoken way about her, you might have thought her an English girl of her own class. He would marry, her, and the wedding day was fixed, and Gwendoline named as chief of the bridesmaids.' ' It is fifteen minutes past five, Portia,' the cold voice of Gwendoline broke in. ' If we are to drive at all toyday--' 'Patience, Gwenpatience onhe moi ment longer. Mary must hear the whole story now. In the btuart family, I forgot to mention, there was a young man,a ceusin of the bride-elect with whom-it was patent to the dul lest apprehension-this young person was in love. She eccepted Sir Victor, .you understand, whilst this Mr Stuart was her lover-a common case enough, and not worthy of mention except for what came after. His manners were rarely perfect too-he was, I think, without except for what came after. .His manners were rarely perfect too he was, I think, without exception the very handsomest and most fascinating man I ever met. You would never dream that he was an -American. Gwendoline will tell you the same. Thesister was thoroughly transatlantic, talked slang, said 'I guess' spoke with an accen, and looked you through and through with an American girl's stare. The fatheroand mother were common to a degree; but the son-well, Gwen, and I both came very near losing our hearts for him, didn t we, dear f *Speak for yourself!' was Gwen's ungracious answer; ' and, oh, for pity's sake, Portia, cut it short I' '* Pray go on, Lady Portia,' said Mis Howard, looking interested. 'I .am going,' said Lady Portia. 'The nice part is to come. The Stuart family a month: or more before the wedding left Cheshire and came up to London-why we can only surmise -to keep the lovers apart. Immediately after their departure the bride-elect was taken ill, and had to be carried off to Torquay for change of air and all that. The wedding day was postponed until some time in October, but at last it came, She looked very beautiful I must say that morning, and perfectly self. possessed, but poor Sir Victor, he was ghastly.. Whether even then he suspec*. ted something I do not know. He looked a picture of abject misery at the altar and the breakfast. Something was wrong, we all saw that. but no explan ation took place there. The happy pair started on their wedding journey down into Wales, and that was the last we ever saw of them. What followed we know; but until to-day I never set eyes on the bridegroom. The bride, I sup pose, none of us will ever set eyes on more.' ' Why I' the Hon. Mary asked. ' This, my dear. An hour after their arrival in Oarnarvon, Sir Victor OCthe. ron deserted his bride for ever. What poFsed: between them, what sceno en. sued, nobody ksiows-oniy this:-he puhi' tively ioft her for ever. That the hand some cousin had something to do with it there can be no doubt. He took the next train from Wales to London-she remained over night. Next day she had the audacity to return to Powyss Place, and present herself to his aunt, Lady Helena Powyses. She remained there one day and two nights. On the first night, muffled and disguised, Sir Victor came down from town, had, an inter. view with his aunt, no doubt, told her all, and departed again without seeing the girl he had married. ' The bride next day had an inter view with Lady Helena-her last-and next morning before any one was astirr ing stole out of the house, like the guilty creature she was, and never was heard of more. The stcry, though they' tried to hush it up, got into all the papers. ' Romance in High Life,' they called it. Every body talked of it- it was the nine days' wonder of town and country. The actors in it one by one disappeared. Lady Helena shut up Powyss Place and went abroad; Sir Victor vanished from the world's ken; the heroine of the piece no doubt went back to her native land. That, in brief, is the story of the in teresting spectre I met to-day on the steps of Fenton's. Now, young ladies, put on your bonnets and come. I wish to call at Madame Mirebeau's, Oxford. street, before going to the Park, and personally inspect my dress for the duchess's ball to-night.' Ten minutes later, and the elegant barouche of Lady Portia Hampton was bowling along to Oxford-street. 'What did you say to Sir Victor, Portial' her sister deigned to ask. ' What did he say to you I' ' He said very little to me. The an. swers he gave were of the most vague.. I naturally inquired concerning his health first-he really looked so wretch edly broken down; and he said there was nothing the matter, that he had been a little out of sorts lately, that was all. My conviction is,' said Lady Portia, who, like the rest of her sex, and indeed the world, put the worst possible construction upon everything Sthat he has become dissipated. Purple circles and hollow eyes always tell of late hours and hard drinking. I asked him next where he had been all those ages, and he answered briefly and gloomily, in one world, ' Abroad.' I asked him thirdly where and how was Lady Helena. He replied that Lady Helena was tolerably well, and at pre sent in London. In Londo n I' I ex claimed in a shocked tone, ' my dear Sir Victor,and I not know it !' He ex plained that his aunt was living in the closest retirement, at the house of a friend in the neighbourhood of St. John's-wood, and went nowhere. Then he lifted liis hat, smiled horribly, a ghastly smile, turned his back upon me and walked away. Never asked for you, Gwendoline, or Colonel Hampton, or my health, or anything.' Lady Gwendoline did not reply. They had just entered Oxford-street, and amid the moving throng of well dressed people on the pavement, her eye singled out one figure-the figure of a tall, slender, fair.hairad man. 'Portia,' she exclaimed, in a sup. pressed voice, 'look there ! Is that not Sir Victor Catheron now T ' Where Oh, I see. Positively is it, and-yes, he sees us. Tell John to draw up, Gwendoline. Now Mary, you shall see a live here of romance for once in your life. He shall take a seat whether he likes it or not. My dear Sir Victor, whatra happy second rencontre, and Gwendoline dying to see you. Pray let us take you up oh we will have no refusal. We have an unoccupied seat here, you see, and we all insist upon you occupying it. Miss Howard, let ma present our nearest neighbour at home, and par ticular friend everywhere, Sir Victor Catheron. The Honourable Miss Howard-Sir Victor.' They had drawn up close to the kerb stone. The gentleman woeld have doffed his hat and passed on had he not been taken possession of in this summary manner. Lady Gwendoline's primrose kidded hand was extended to him, Lady Gwendoline's smiling face beamed upon him from one of the most exquisite of Parisian bonnets, Miss Howard bowed, scanned him curiously. Lady Portia was not to be refused, he'knew that of old. Of two bores it was the lesser bore to yield than resist. Another instant and the barouche was rolling away to Madame Mlirebeau's, and Sir Victor Oatheron was within it. He sat by Lady Gwendoline's side, and under the shadow of her rose silk and point lace parasol she could see for herself how shockingly he was changed. Her sister had not exaggerated. He was worn to a shadow. His fair hair was streaked with gray,his lips were set in an intense expression of suffering, either physical or mental, perhaps both. His blue eyes looked sunken and lustreless-it wa scarcely to be believed that ten short monthe could have wrought such wreck. He talked little-his responses to their questions were monosyllablic. His eyes constantly wandered away from their faces to the passers by. He had the look of a man ever on the alert, ever on the track-waiting and watching for some one he could not see. Miss Howard had never seen him before, but from the depths of her heart she pitied him. Sor. row such as rarely falls to the lot of man had fallen to this man she knew. He was discouraging and distrait. It came out by chance that the chief part of the past ten months had been spent by him in America. In America I The sisters exchanged glances, She was there, no doubt. Had they met I was the first thought of both. They reache the fashionable modiste's. 'You will come in with us, Sir Victor,' Lady Portia commanded, gayly, 'we all have business here, but we will only detain you a moment.' IHe gave her his arm to the shop' It was large and elegant, and three or four deferential shopmen came forward to vait upon themn and pla.e'sei?ea;.:-> -. The victimised baronet, still-, listless and bored, sat down to wait and escort them back to the carriage before taking his departure. To be exhibited in the Park was the furthest possible from his intention. Lady Portia's dress was displayed-a rose velvet with point-lace trimmings, and found fault with, of course. Lady Owendoline and the Hon. Mary tran. sacted their affairs at a little distance. For her elder ladyship, the train did not suit her, the bodice did not please her. She gave her orders for altering sharply and concisely. The deferential shopgirl listened and wrote the -direc tion on a card. When the patroness had finished'she carried robe and card down the long room, and called- . S'Miss Stuart ? A voice answered-only one word, 'Yes'-softly spoken, but Sir Victor Catheron started as if he had been shot. The long show. room lay in semi-twi% light, the gas not yet lit. In this tRi light another girl advanced, and took the rose velvet robe and written card. The light flashed upon her. figure and hair for one instant, then she disap. peared And Sir Victor ! He sat like a man suddenly aroused from a deep, long sleep. He had not seen the face-he had caught but a glimpse of the figure and head-he had heard the voice speak but one little word, 'Yes.' But was he asleep or awake I Was it only a delusion, as so many other fancied resemblances had been' or was it after all-after all He rose to his feet, that dazed look of a sleep-walker suddenly aroused on his face. Now then, Sir Victor,' the sharp, clear voice'of Lady- Portia said, at his side, " your martyrdom is ended. We are ready to go.' He led. her to the carriage, assisted her and the young ladies in. How he excused himself, what incoherent words he said, he never knew, He was only conscious after a minute that the care riage had rolled away, and that he was still standing, hat in hand, on the side. walk in front of Madame Mirebeau's; that the passers by were staring at him, and that he was alone. 'Mad T Lady Portia said, shrugging her shoulders and touching her fore head; 'mad as a March hare.' 'Mad 1 Miss Howard repeated, softly. ' No, I don't think so. Not mad, only very, very miserable.' He replaced his hat and walked back to the shop-door.: There reason, ie,. mory returned. What was he going in for What should he. say He stood still suddenly, as, though gazing at the wax woman in elegant ball-cos tume, swinging slowly and smirkingly round and round. He had heard a voice-he had seen a shapely head crowned with dark, silken hair, a tall girl's figure, that was all. He had seen and heard such a hundred times since that fatal wedding evening,and when he had hunted them down the illusions had vanished,and his lost love was lost as ever.- His lost Edith, his lost bride, his darling, the wife he had lost and left-for whom all these weary, endless months he had been searching, and searching in vain. Was she living or dead I Was she in London- in England-where I He did not know-no one knew. Since that dark, cold autumn morning when she had fled from Powyss Place she had never been seen or heard of. She bad 'kept her workc-she had taken no thir.g of his-not a farthing. Wherever she was she might be starving to day. He clenched his hands and writhed as he thought of it, 'Oh?' his passionate.desposding heart cried, 'let me find her, lot me save her, and let me die ! He had searched for her everywhere, by night and by day. Money flowed like water. All in vain. He went to, New York; he found the people there he had once known, but none of them could tell him of her or of the Stuarts The Stuarts had failed-were utterly ruined-it was understood that Mr. Stuart was dead; of the others they knew nothing. He had gone to Sandy. point in search of her father. Mr. Dar rell and his family had months ago sold out and gone west. He could find none of them. He gave it up at last, and returned to England. Ten months had passed, many resemblances had beguiled him, but toaday Edith was as far off, as lost as ever. The voice ha had heard, the likeness he had seen, they would prove false too, and leave his heart more bitter than ever. What he would do when he found her he did not con. sider. He only wanted to find her. His whole life and soul were bound up in that. He paced up and down in front' of the shop, the day's work would be done presently, and the workwomen would come forth. Then he would see again this particular workwoman who had set his heart beating with a hope that made him him dizzy and sick. Six o'clock seven o'clock-would they never comet Yes, even as he thought it, half mad with impatience, the door opened, and nearly a dozen girls filed forth. He drew his hat over his eyes; he kept a little in the shadow, and watched them one by one with wildly eager eyes, as they appeared. Four, five, six, seven-she came at last, the eighth. The tall, slender figure, the waving, dark hair he knew them at once. The gaslight fell upon her, as she drew her veil over her face as she walked rapidly away. Not before he had seen it-not before he had recognized it No shadow, no myth, no illusion this time. His wife, Edith! ' He caught the wall for support. For a moment the pavement beneath his" feet heaved-the starry sky spun round, Then he started up, steadied himself by a mighty effort, and started in pursuit. She had gained upon him over thirty yards. She was always a rapid walker, and he was ailing and weak. His heart throbbed now so thick and fast ha. .. avnryJhreath was a pain. He did, noir-., gain i~pon her, he onlyke-pt'her-n sight:r,'.: - He would have known that quick, de cided walk, the poise of the head and shoulders, anywhere. He followed her as fast as his strength and the throng of passers by would let him, yet doing no more than keeping her well in sight. Where Oxford-street turns into the, Tottenham-court.road she suddenly dio verged and crossed over, turning into the latter crowded thoroughfare. Still he followed. The throng was even more dense here than in Oxford-street, to keep her in sight more dificult.. For nearly ten minutes he did it, then, suddenly, all strength left him. For a'. minute or two he felt as though he must fall. There was a spasm" of the. heart that was like a knife-thrusat He caught at a' lamppost, he beckoned a passing hansom by a sort of eroiring effort. The cab whirled up besiL, him. He' got in somehow, and- tell back blinded and dizzy in the, seat. ' Where to, sir I',cabby called twice before' he received an answer. Then "Fenton's.. Hotel, " came faintly to him from'. his ghastly-looking fare, the little aperture at the top was slammed down, and the hansom rattled off. - 'Blessed if Idoi't think the young swell's drunk, or 'aving fit,' thought the cabby as he speeded' his 'horse down' Tottenham- court-road. To look for her further in her present state, Sir Victor felt would be useless., He must go to his lodgings, get some brandy, and half an hour's time to think what to do next. He had found. her-she was, alive-she was well"' thaink heaven ! Thank heaven for that. To-morrow would find her at' Madame Mirebeau's at work :with the . rest. At work-her daily toil I He covered : his ='wasted face. with his waited hands, and tears thatrwere like a :women's fell from him.' He had been weak and worn out for a long time-he gave way ufterly, body and mind, now. ' My darling,' he sobbed, ' for whom I.would die to make happy-whose life I have utterly ruined. To think that while I spend wealth like water your should toil for a crust of bread, alone, poor,friendless in this great city. How shall I answer to man and heaven ,for what I have done l' CHAPTER II, EDITH., The last light of the July day had' faded out, and a hot' murky light settled down over London. The stifl in g in the city; and in the suburbs you still caught a breath, fresh and sweet scented, from the fragrant' fields. At Poplar Lodge, St John's-wood, this murky summer' night, 'all 'the windows stoed open. In the drawing room two women sat together, the elder reading aloud, the younger busy over some feminine handicraft. A cluster of 'waxlights burned above them, shinging full upon two pale faces, the faces of women to whom suffering: and sorrow havelong been household words. Both wore deepest mourning-theelder widow's weeds, the hair of the younger thickly streaked with gray. Now and then both raised their eyes from book and needlework, and glanced ex'. pectantly at the clock on the mantle. piece. Evidently they waited for some one who did not come. They were Lady Helena Powyss and Ines Catheron, of course, ' Eight,' the elder woman said,laying : down her book with a sigh as the':: night he would be tere before ow*.' "-"f: (To be continued.) 