TALE. Two Ways of Asking. .ills* Holly's Lcmmoii in Love. ' Tears, ldlo tears ! Niobo dissolved : My dear oliild, what on earth is tho matter V Tivno; J^ur o{ a summt-r afternoon. Plsoe: A pretty boudoir, famished iu tho fashion of to-day, modelled on tlio stylo of Louis Ouuizn, ■with n dash of ' Liberty UirownTu, and moderu accessories, such as cVyMtiil ilower vases, three-volumo novels, and photL'L'L-iiph stands, juxtaposed with Queen Anno silver and kuick-nacks auoient and modern. Dramatis Porsonm: A graceful figure in wliito, flung with an air of desolation on the floor bosido u Bofa.hcr oharmin« nuquo v'.t-ihlo beneath delicious littlo rows of golden curls, her framo shaken by soln; nn older woman standing ft fow yards distant, dark, boautifully dressed, ' goodlooking enough for anything' without being distinctly handsome, aged somowhero within tho right side of thirty, and wealing au exviivssion '.half compassionate, half amused. There is a mipieion of raillery mjier voice, which is felt and deoply resented by tho fuir sorrower. Anger is often akin to sorrow as j,iiy is to lovo, and tho voice which responds to tho question when reiterated is deoidodly petulant. , , ' I wish you would go away and leave me alone.' , , ' I shall not do anything of tho sort, returns tho otlicr. ' I am going to talk to you, and I do not. earn in tho least whether you uro imgry or not, although I had muoli.rathor you would tako my remarks in gooi. part. 1 Ob,' responds tho voice, btili smotliorocl iu the sofa cushions, .but losing nothing of its resentful quality. ',1 know how clever you arc, and that you think that you can manage every ono's affairs a great deal bettei than themselves.' ' She intends this to bo a ' nasly one, aim, as a matter of fact, it does not fall very pleasantly on tho oars of her interlociitoi; but slio sits down on the sofa and replies,witli tood humor : ' Well, my love, I may coniidontly say that I oonld manage your n intra acreat deal better than you manago them yourself, andDhatif I were you I would have Mr. Clement Lascolles at my feet in a very short time.' _ ., ' Perhaps you have him thero^noiv . says the pii;.«tr<ito one, ceasing to sob and trying to sneer instead. ' \\\\\\!1, ]).illy dear, to>ll,yuu tho truth, I /nil lrjMjIf to rccoguisso in that young man tho charm which T observe ho has for—for sonio people ; inuced, I consider hiin a poseur, with an exuspenitingly good opinion of himself, and, if you ask my o:mdid opinion, I think thathe would be all llie better for being Dorothy ilounees up in a moment. ' I will I rouble you not to insultimy friends, sho erios, with flaming cheoks. ' And it is not very easy to believe your (sincerity when] lie was sitting in your pocket all last night, and you wcro out walking with|hiiu for t wo hours this morning.' 4 Iu nny oiit'o/ IVTrs. Dalton coollyj yovir remarks prove that 1 have had timo and oppoitiiDitv to form an opinion ol his qiiHlilies. 1 don't deny that ho is good-looking, but it is intolerable that lie should be so conscious of it. I admit that ho is not without a oertaiu nmountmof olovernoBS, and has beon fairly educated"; but I violently object to his thinking himself ablo to tit in judgment on people a good deal older mil cleverer than himself.' ' On you, forinstanco ' cried Dolly. • No, I was not thinking of myself, though I admit tho soft impeachment (tho ono regarding my age, at least); and what X dialilio inobt of all is his placing himself on a pedestal to bo looked at and longed for by— by pretty, silly littlo girls, who uutfht to know better.' Dolly stiffens her back, andsays, with an assumption of dignity which sits iudilfercntly well upon her, 'If you will excuso me, I should prefer not discussing Mr. I-nsoelles with you. You are porl'ectly weleomo to your opinion of him, and I claim tho liberty of retaining mine.' Then, her majosty suddenly toppling over, she says vindictively, in quite a different tono of voice, ' Perhaps you think I am such a fool that don't see through your moan abuse of him?' ' Tuat I may win and wear him myself P' suggests Mrs. Dalton, quite good humorcdly. ' No, my Oear and; acute child, believe me, you have not fathomed and unmaskod my baseness this time. I know your dear and eonsitivo littlo heart is set upon this fascinating young man. I don't think thoro is really any hurra iu him, and I am magnanimous enough to bo ready to show you how to obtain his ati'eotions, and to rnako him tho suppliant instead of you.' ' Suppliant!' cried Dolly, with fresh flames from her burning heart ascending to her oheeks. ' Yes, oupplinut. Every one, my love, can tee- ho most of all—how you hang upon his smiles, and despair when lio is indifferent or capricious.' [ Wrath makes Dolly absolutely speechless. If looks, oto., Mrs. Dalton would, oto. 1 Don't bo a gooso, Dolly,' resumes her friend, not having suffered any visiblo injury from the lightning glances to whioh sho has been subjected. 'Keep your temper Bnd roap tho advantages of my superior age and experience.' 'lveep them to yoursolf! retorts Dolly, tartly. 'The first I must, whether or no, but tho latter shall be yours. Come, dear child, you know I am fond of you: believe me when I say I would not havo your enchanter at a gilt, and, also, that I am desirous to seo him subjugated by you. He shall be yours, I promiso, and I will only make ono condition.' Dolly seats herself on tho sofa, and allows Mrs. Dalton to talto hor hand, though sho looks rather sulky. Still, sho does, poor little girl, regard Mr. Clement Liscellc-s as tho first prize in the marriuge lottery, and is willing to tako upon herself his part of the contract; to worship hini with her body, and endow him with all her .worldly goods. For in a small way sho is au heiress, though ho is not destitute of money, and has au excellent position. Truth to tell, the young man is not what is called ' a bid sort'; ho has good looks, good brains and good manners, when he is not egged 011 to take liberties by the silly flatteries of the other sex. Poor Dolly loves him madly, and lias innocently shown her pleasure in his notice and her Bufferings at his neglect. Mrs. Dalton haviug paused to give duo i-il'oct to her words, Dolly, ufter a'moment is constrained to say rather sulkily, ' Well!' 'You must tako tho vow fu'-it.' ' What vow ?' with latent irritation. ' Tho vow never to tell any human being —Mr. L:iscelles least of all—that I, or, for tho matter of that,'any one, advised you how to act toward him.' •Oh, of course, I promise.' ' Promises are liko pie-crust,' replies Mrs. Dalton; then, with anair of great solemnity, she goes to a small bookcase at the end of the room, and comes back with a Bible. • You must kiss tho book,' she says. < Ob, no,' cried dolly, frightened. Tor sho sho knows that she never kept n secret in her life, and is terrified at being put on an oath which sho may break in Bpite of herself, a few hours later. 'Well,' soys Mrs. Dalton, firmly, 'do you want him or do you not ?' ' Yes,' cries Dollv, vith tears m her eyes, 'I do.' ' Then kiss the book.' | • But how do I know thoro is anything in what yon are going to tell me ?' fays doubting Dolly. , 'Because I say;so. Do I not know the world and men ?' Dolly takes the book, trembling. \\\ hat :im I to.'say f' sho falters. 1 Say : ' I swear nut to tell Clcaieut Las cellos, or itny other person, tlmt Marian Dalton advised mo how to win his ntFcctions.' " "With n sudden desporato gesture Dolly kisses (ho lioolt mid repents tlio formula' Now, thon !' sho cries oxoitodly. Mrs. Diilton takes up hur parablo. ' Clement is renlly f ind of you—ho would.bo exceedingly l'ond of you, if you only allowed him.' ' If I nllowcd him'!' cusps'Dolly. ' Yes,' repoals hot advisor. ' By allowing him I don't mean throwing yourself at his head i.nd showing him that you adoro him ; but by milking him doubt your lovn and his .wii capacity for pleasing you. Different men want different troatmcnt. Thoro in nothing so delightful to some ns to hoc and know that a woman cares for thoin—it adds ten-fold to their dovotion for her; but I am bouud to nay theBO mon are in (ho minority. Most of thom aro far moro stimulated by doubts and fears—the woman becomes moro dear as sbo^seoms moro distant, and, as a rulo. when a man is literally crazy about ono of our sex, it is because sho has worried and tormented him and kopt liim on a perpetual balanoo between hopo and fear. Now you, and otheis like you, liavo ho hung upon Clement LascelleB* looks and words, liavo eo positively shown him that lio is a great being, lias a lofty intelleot, a rival to Apollo, that it is not likely lie is coming oiF his pedestal to worship his worshipers. Your only chance, my dear, is ito adiindon your worship; to counterfeit indill'creneo as best you may, and to lot a gradual and startling conviction como ovor him that you were not. really iu earnest, after all.' 'It is very easy to talk,' pouts Doll. ' It is very easy to not, too,' returns Marian, ' if you avo potitivolj' certain (bat your plan of campaign is going to bo successful.' ' How do I know that it will bo'r' 1 Try it for twenty-four hours, and suo ho tv it works.' ' But I don't know what I am to do.' ' You must bo absolutely guided by mo, and not act for ono moment on your own responsibility.' ' I daresay it will turn out all wrong,' says Doll}', ungraci rasly, ' and that I shall loso liim altogothor.' 'AH right,' replica Mrs. Dalton, losing patience and risiug from her sent. ' Do as you like. After all, what 011 earth does it matter to mo whethor you aro happy or miserable? Go your own way.' Dolly springs up and catches hor by the arm. ' No, no, Marian, don't go; don't bo angry. I will do whatevor you tell mo.' 'Then hearken and obey. DickWyndhnm is coining to-ni<;ht. Yon know ho is ratbor fond of you. Talk to him, and to him only, all the evening. Do not glance in Mr. La8cellcs' direction ; I will keep my oyo on liim, and report to you how ho takes it. If I10 approaches you in tlio evening look borod and distrait, and reply to him by nionsyllables.' ' I .shall never bo able to do it,' groans Dolly. , Not with suoli a big stako to win(a littlo saroastionlly.) * Ah ! you don't know what it is to love!' cries Dolly. ' Not as you do, certainly,' retorts Marian, with an inilection of voice of which Dolly is not acuto onougli to catch. Dick Wyndam arrives iu time for dinner. He is rather fond of Dolly—ho is exceedingly hard up, and wants her money even moro than hor sweet self. Ho is bright and amusing, has a considerable fund of small talk, is dovotcd to sport, and bus notMr. Lascellos' nisthotio_ tasto of lofty manner of showing superiority. Ho has a genuine contempt for a man who talks art and plays olassieal music, as Mr. LascelleB haB for ono who thinks of nothing but hunting-, lawn-tennis and polo, though ho rid.s fairly straight and is an average shot himself. Not a littlo disgusted is Lasoellos, therefore, when Dolly,whose sorrowfulness and its cause have greately soothed his complacency for tlw last twenty-four hours, seems to liavo eyes and cars for 110 ono but this half-witted soldier at dinner. She is looking charming in a dress of a delicious apricot tint, which ho has not seen before (lio is a groat connoisseur of dress); if ho could only catoh her eyo, ho would beam on her one of those glances which would liavo intoxicated her maiden soul. But whereas it has been his wont to meet her tonder, pleading glances overy two minutes heretofore, tonight ho might be ' Banquo's gli„st, and sho ono of' ' Maebeth's, quests, for all sho seems to seo him. His momory servos him up various sneering and savage quotations 011 the theme of soureulfcmmc earie. lie is so littlo congenial to his neighbor at dinnor that sho expresses tlio most unfavorable sentiments regarding him in tlio drawing-room later 011, ouusdna: Doll-/ to halt bttweon tlio desire to dofend him hotly, and a aonso of pleasure that somo one besido herself has suffered from his coldness. Mrs. Dalton makes • pretext for calling Dolly aside. ' Excellent, my love !' sho cries, in high good hum ir, pressing tho girl's arm. ' He is enraged beyond measure. He scarcely took bis eyes off you. Go on and prosper!' Thus stimulated, Dolly goes on, aud prospers exceedingly. When Mr. Liboelles and Dick approach simultaneously she devotes her whole attention to the latter, and has soaicely a word for tho former, who presently retires in tragio dudgeon, and leans against tho wall looking liko 4 Hamlet,' Lord Byron, or any other blighted being in the sulks. In reality Dick is the porsou mo3t to be pitied, although his faco is alight with smiles and his heart aglow with anticipations of possessing a lovely woman, and satisfying the debtors who, metaphorically speaking, take him by the throat, crying, • Pay mo what thou owest!' Innocent creaturo that he is, he Mispects 110 treachery, nor dreams that that milk-white bosom palpitates for th? ' infernal young prig' over tho way. Dolly will play billiards aud lawn-tennis with him on tho moirow; in tho afternoon they aro to rido together, and as he sits smoking, after tho ladies have rotired, he reflects 011 tho most approved method of asking a certain question. Up to this moment Cloinent Lascelles has not seen any ncecs-it.y for putting his fa to to tho touch, because lio had been absolutely certain of winning; butnow that for tho first tiino ho has a rival, a rival who is progressing by leaps and bounds in his lady's favor, ho sees that something must bo done. Ho cannot have been befooled. She loves him or —or he, tho adopt at readiog tho secrets of souls, must f< r once havo been deluded. Perish tho thought! With gloomy brow and stately step he retires from the suioking-room and seeks the solitudo of his clnmber, hut not his couch. Tho dawn has long broken ere he courts repose. 'Marian !'cries Dolly, a few hours later, bursting into her friend's room whilst that lady—no early riser at the best of times—still nestles among her pillows, 'read this!' aud sho seats herself on the bed in a state of great excitement, while Mrs. Dalton languidly pcruse3 tho letter thrust into her hands. ' 1 call it u great impertinence,' sho remarks, returning to Dolly. ' Impertinence !' with wide-open eyes. ' Certainly,' aud Mrs, Dalton, taking it back, qnotcs from it: ' ' Though I cannot to otter you tho ono great passion of a life—sad passages beyond the ken of other mortals havo tarnished (hepuro luster which once surrounded my soul as with a halo—yet, if you will take a heart weary with the sorrows of the ages, dimmed by the darkling doubts with whioh an intinrito knowledge of humanity clouds thespiri', take me to your tender breast and let mo find shelter there from life's griefs and disappointments. What recompense a heart blighted as mine has been can bestow I will strive to make to your angelic sympathy and goodness.' ' ' Is it not beautiful P' cries Dolly, in an ecstasy. ' I wonder what he means ? I suppose eomo horrid woman throw him over onco ?' ' I think it is exceedingly impertinent, and I hope you will resent it.' ' Kesent it!' almost shrieks Dolly. ' Why, it is a declaration!' ' Got 1110 my blotting-book oil' tho table,' commands Mrs. B,»lton resolutely. ' Now,' she 8»ys; beginning to writo, 1 vni will nnswer it in this way or I wash nij of you, uud to-morrow ho will have mliicud you to ftbjeot misory nguiu.' Sho writes hurriedly for a fow minutes, an then, with heightened color, rendu tho draft aloud: Dear Mr. Laseelles—1 hnvo ronoived your melancholy letter, nnd nm truly sorry for all you seem to lmvo suffered. But, for iny part, I look upon tho world na a very pleasant plaoe, and lmvo made up my mind to enjoy myself as muuh as possible; ho, us I could not oonsolo yoli, and you, with tho ideas you exprosp, would make me ini*(rablo, I think you had muoli bettor look for somebody whoso temperament is moro liko your own. I suppose you moan 1110 to understand that you havo been much more in love with Homo ono elso thau you Bro with me, whioh, to say the loast, is not very Mattering. No ! I must have an undividod hoart, or nono at nil. Your sincoro friend. 1). S. There is a de«perate fight between Mrs. Dnlton and Dolly before tho litter oan bo persuaded to copy and forwatd whnt. sho considers u heartless and flippant missive. In tho end Marian triumphs. Mr. L»scelles does not. appear at breakfast, audj Dolly, though nor soul quakes within her, laughs and talks to Diok. Liter iii^tho,',morning, when they aro playing lawn tonnis, Clement L>isoolles, fueling much smaller than ho had overdono in his life, seeks counsel from Mrs. Djlton. With an angelic smile sho alternately briokajhim with daggers and makes him gulp down bowls of poison; but bho.jdoes him an excellent turu by taking n, good deal of nonsense out of him. Ho confesses thut he adores Dolly. How, Oil how, is ho to^win her ? Has ho tho ghost of a'olianco'( Mr.'. Dalton, looking "solemn,Jdeilure.-i her inability to roply to this. Sho hints at Dolly's youth and love of amusoincnt. She hiut.J, too, nl Dick's unflagging uoud spirits and tempor. And ti.o upshot of it is that whon Dick returns ercstfallon,'fron^his afternoon ride with Dolly, having spoken and received hi-i answer, Clomeut Lisoelles oarries oil' tho young lady to her boudoir on prctenco of wanting to bo shown somothing, and, replacing tho melancholy of 'Hamlet' by tho conquering nira of young ' Lovelace,' take!! her in his arms, sweari ho has boon a fool, and has nover really loved any one but her sweot self, and that if sho accepts him hot' shall bo ono round of pleasure. Twenty minutes later, Dolly has passed on all his embraces and moro to Marian. 'How olovor you ure," darling!' she siys admiringly. l'o whioh Mrs. Djlton replied, ' l\rotv you know how to manauo him mako cood use of your knowledge.' —Loudon World. 