DEAD MAN'S ROCK. THE FINDINGOF THE GREAT RUBY. A RoxAuM St Q. BOOK IL CHAPTEIX (Co.rscrr ) ILLO S N WAiT xALNB I LrALrT TaIt UCa0r OF rn a GcL.t KTr. Collier must have rsed my thoughts, for blloked steadily at me out of toose darta ee hi, ad then said very elowly and ' i. Trenowethb. it grieves me to taunt pour miserable ease, but o you mind my potilr thlayo are a foolr 1 simply statred in answer. 'Youo: ather wase a fool-a pitiful fool; and y aIre a foolk Which would lead me, di I not know better, to believe that yuri pandsther, Amos Trenoweth, was a fool lre. I should wrong him it I called him tit. l e was a vilain, h blht-hearted, u.rderouso mt blooded, damnable villai ; bat he was only a fool for once in his life, ad that was when he trusted in the sense of his descndantt.' Hu voice, as he spoke of my grandfather, preweuddenlt shrill and discordant, while i i eyes blased up in furious wrath. In a second or two, however. he calmeo himself asain and went on quietly as before. * You wonder, perhape, why I call you aI fool It is because you have lived for four- I seen years with your haed upon riches that would make a king jealo, and have nrver hal the sense to grasup them; it is because you have huat your eyes, whan you might hbae seen, have been a begtar when you iL;tt have ridden in a carri.,e. Upon my ward, Mr. Jasper Tenowerth, when I think of ypr folly I have halt a mind to be dog-eack with you myself.' What could the man mean? What was thi couewhich I had never found! ' And all the time it was written uponthis key here, as Large as life; not only that, but, to leave you no excuse, Amos Trenoweth s.:ually told you that it 'wa written here.' What do you mean? stamnmered I, forced into speech at last. 'Ah, o you have found your voice, have you! What do I mean ! Do you mean to say you do not gusts even now ! Upon my word 1 am loth to kill so fair a fool' He regarded me for a moment with pitying contempt, then stretched out his hand and took up my grandfathers key. 'I read here,' he .said, ' writlten very catty and distinctly, certain wardL You mnst know those wors; but I will repeat them to you to refresh your memory "Th house i set upon the eand ; and thy hopee by dead man."' ' Well! I sked, for-fool tha: I was- even yet I did not understand. 'Mr. Jasper Trenoweth, did you never hear -t o esuch a places as Dead Mane Ro:k! The truth, the whole horrible certainty of it, struck me as one treat wave, and rushed over my bent head as with the whirl and roar of many waters. ' Dead 3n u'l Rock-Dead Mans' Rock r' It sang in my ears as it swept me off my feet for a moment and passed, I leaving me to.in and Oat.l in the gult .t bottomless despair. And then, as it I really drownel, my past lire, with all ts tlihee, mistake., wrecked hopes, and baseless dreams. shotswiltly pret in one long train Again I saw my mothr's p atient, aszious umile, my father's drowned face, with the salt drops trickling from hie golden hair, the Itrrggle on the rock. the inquest, the awful face at the window, ttn Corpsea of my Dartets strtched aide by st.l-h upon the bed, the t?an of the gamhlia.hbell with all its whita and desperarte face, t.i:e, my lost love, the trer the theatrv, Totm' death, and that lut dreadful scene, Franceeca with the dark blood ssating her white dere and trickling down opon the boards. I tried to out my suds before my eyes, but the cords heldund cut my arms like burning steeL Then in a ush I seemed to be strioing madly up and down Oxford street, while tillt mn ftronto me danced and flew the Iellow woman, her every diamonl dathing in the gaslight, her mid. Black eyes, as they turned and mocked me, blaoing maurb-lithte of doom. Then came the n ing ofat many bells in my an, minofed with silvery lahnhter, as lhoh the fiends were ringog jubilant peals wtthinthe pir. Presently the tights grew dim and died away, but the chiming laughter still coo tiuned. Ilooked no. It was CoUliver langring, and his faen wa that of an arch -deiL 'It does me good so see yoa,' he exclaimed; 'toh ye,t ist honey to my roul F .l,asnd a thousand imes fool I that ever I should have lived to trimh thus over yon and you so ctted house.a Onas more his veits grew shrill and his eys ashed; once morte he c·r.ectd aim self 'You shall hear it oat, 'hsead. ' Look hre,' and he pulled arreasy bokfrommbh, pocketr 'Here is a errtedl almanac Woat dy i it? Dcem+ar 23, or rather omwe time n the morning or t:hb D cmber., Christmas Eve. On the evenong of 24:h December it is toll moon, and dead low water at Falmouth about U 10 p.m. Fate-do you believe in fae, Mr. Trenoweth !-could not have cho-eo the t?e better. In nometniag under twenty bours one of as wril have his basn ' paon the treasure. W nach wdit t t?, eh which will it be' Well I knoew which it would be, and the k?owlede was bitter as call. 'A merry Chris mn. tfr. Jasper Treo?o esth. ece on earth and goodwill--.-- You wlltear no malice by twat rime S, a naer Contmau, and a merry ChristmaSboeL Likewise the c ,mplhsentso of tee season, and a happy New Year to you Wnere are you ping to spend Christmas, Yr Trenowetbh,e I IathirkoigI pasuinlet b the sea Yonwill pehaps try the es, too, only you will be tt it. Tames runs ewtfcylwhen is has sceorpe ortargo. Oho I, L hie r rd lips the m rrv I? it f 'Ipl er . k t tear ast ew'ethsne seare, my ted SalasitIeathet+.k.dsot tI 'lm afr.id no bell will toll for yoe. Me. Tenoweth ; not yet awhile, at an ree. Nt uill your sweetheart is weary of waiting £As t.* d'vil has ~s hbl des, my lads as ha, ias be wals for yt e 'Both waiting for yo. Mr. Trnaoweth Yorsw?mrthut and the devil Which shal h yout Ladies ii"', you wula ar. Ahs, h am not so surs I By the way, milh' I tilt a u?ess as yoer sreethearte name u.hlt b.g.n with a CI Mtbht she be a fmoteiu rus ! Clire. tue te. shn clls heabe£ I Clhare's pretty eyel will g nd with latchlnog befre e seen them ooyo \--n. Fie on you to keep to swee amld4en eitine. And whene wIt you be all the time, Mr. Juper Trenoweth r He 'opred at faslt, mastered br bie fen ity od oelt lpanting. Bil I, foe the soed CLi .re'sname had maddened me. broke out 'gsd devill I I .hal be ying withall *sther vrictas o Iyour cCrtrsed ie. al mIlather whom oan foully murdere Sithin slgrs of hil home; ". en tho** ,ter poor creturee lon llev spronthe Ble tmen; dtd ~my mothe, whoew Pur mind fld at sdght o your tafrail, face. very ife flid at s?lis-of your handl. " d4d e Joslet Reo .s, wio, pee Mthfdetoe~pon-u.yO , ravinrtgs love to &a; th;.a . d I er by the hoar, didh - haol & od lCfoU Cahot have yOet, Meo.utd, Ic knife; It snd he ently m' hi hrealt resember, I mlc at be eat Da Mao's Rack by hdInPt lto-nitL ,i h 'Fiendr Contie IO a dt like, but I will c '' you Can kill me*, ThlootbrcoT ht utll Your csrimeaa t farind L TT Lo n'm life o lto my 0 knifed in tra li o Te. La I ift es dark, mis 'kio him for 1o . t cok Clair d s, if evr e Claire bioro dead 1' 1o Otuage bed back astep. ard almoat It the rsame moumenet I 'bhou agh t eodon he oheruig o the Yartition at myhr Obt hI otere of Plfayed=Ls ^ omeLiadiog that mY oars hal utesdai d S bmid C. a entah n geaion oe o S ille herself t.iaghtt the t stabs herself. CI, God I t at You thi o flt oA yOutar knife Q~w' Do wadsolen 0g Io kll lmr - drown myself. lt e ghe ery meantt when I heard p our arvie and -came a ul t ard I came lto kc yon. itker thi e mt of it--hoW me noo mercy, for a the rs e 8 God in Hea , I Yo n none.* Wharo s tan tht eound &aid; on the other aide of the prtiionl I hu. Ae t war, Col lioer hal not heard l for hbe ws ming *'ore, I rill ho ton no mr n orhe Si thr» nhd thi, Wa g ib« gigt t answered quietly, ro I hae sler i tm eaho no mercy to lPeprat, rIohnore we tgo trhe t , ynd AmoTr andwlth arep oth IoLet. lOo l hat s s oe h e o e to e ast of Yo iea you may her l yn heomn b fore illoaecy mod fart , what this wesllt e , and what kind of brood oa trisoweath ist a Dog 1 The treas re that lies by Dead Kan is Rock is tiit toras'e wei ttia ead men del mes 'sbe, and so hobi *aea ou d bo aind with deoil mo 's oo n Ti T blackt peracy m n the high t d owl m for. her-frlse i lsead th plankt and t fo ed htend mi the deep wter. tita is re acked from manyl a alluon labi, tippe fth t me eany a troutinl corpse by ttat black botud, your tr ad faber, Auos Treowerth., Youtraaebthat! Let me tedO you more. Y a th 'There is many a soal crying in heaven and hell ter f orgoane 0i your raced bt h Your der Veat.tl On b Yo fapthce "n but oor dTreh to night, Jas er Treuowelh, rhall be t he ecuitiarfo ofcsae. YOu uedeeo hat Your ganodi ther had crime 0pon thie oul ; uet You kid not heps the hielckett crime on his arccoont-he murder of his d naroesi friend Listead IwiL cabs rief you.ihot I cannot sale my-If ote jori of "trteag yoo knmw this moon oeforyon die. now thlbo that when yon y n edefatncr werl a rich men by rule friend's aid-aftar ita hi frnd'e help, b had laid hando thed Iecretf theireat Roay for waica for many t eair he ehd hoiised, ial tOhe mo Se of hi tr myb, he torned and sleow has friend in rder to keep the lob tow himelf. 'That fool, pour ofthre, kept a Journll which, no donut, you have read oRcr and Ire agen Did ha toll .ate bo I caogat him on alom's Peak, sittig with this tOiap in hi hbards behore a hiMdeou graven te nei Thit atone wagroel in (thea l mockery of that fried' facae st. sones thitn beas I face to fe. dihi ifather, asme r esiuo to, atrike down my father, Ralph Celliver Aa, light is beginiing to dwen on ylor silly brin at last Ye, pretalendil tei pro ao the old Priac, who had the Raoty he stabbed my father with the very knife folnd in bor famber's baera , stanoed him bthfore his wife's elsl on that little lawn upon the monai"n sider; and, when my helplese moler called va erouce upon him, handed the still reekicb knife to her and bade bet do her worst. Ab, but she kept that knife. Did yen mark what was eneraved upon the blOe! That knife had ar good memory, lhir. Jasoer Trenoweth. bLet me go on. As it that, deed were no ool enough, he caused the old priest to caire-beinl tskilful with the chisel-thoat vile dlft, tin of bi dead friend'; lad e outof a hlue boulder wlag by, and then mcrdered him too for the iab's imake, and tumbled their bodies into the troogh toieoteor. Such wae Anmo TrerowetlhB. e you proud of your descentl nevrer saw my father. I was not born no it three months after thi, and not until I was tea pea oQl did my mother tell meal I 'Your grYadflaher was a fol, Jasper Tire. nowreth, to deepia hel; foe she was Youngl then and the ciold wlait Sue was be~ntifol then, and Amue Trnlaweth hilnelI had loved her. What is abt now! Spoe k, for You. h Oe seen her.' As he spoke I seemed tors nnain that yellow faze, those awful, eoullres eet, end bhar her laugh ae rle gaoeddnow from the born upon myt dying love. 'Ab, beauty roes. It went fcr ever on tbha day when Amos Trerowetib patin her l.ce rtd taunted herat she clang to the bo h of her basuad. BDeauty tes, but corovtge an wait l; to-night it lhas comet to nig a ib usnid deal men's ghosis shalt be glad, and point at your holy as it toei tossing utL to tea To niih--bot o me tellthe eet in a word or two, for timebreesei. How I wa briought ap. bow my maio d mother-foe te ict mad on snry point bol oneraill-e o meoto ite eM how ileft it at lenrah uand became an a 6orney'e loet, all tlhis I eed no. dwell upon. But all this timed the thought of rev.ine nerer 1-fr ma for an hour; aod if it oad. my muther Would rave reonlkdit. SWll, we setitled in Plymouth, Onl I was b-tiol a clerk to your gralldfaher's attorney, sIell wi-h thed same parpoe. There I »aurot f Amos Trefo-eih's afsie, but onlt tea certainr ixen t; for of ha wenaltoi wrIch h n(d so bloodily eou I cuild discover ouotng, aod Yet I anew tbht he possesed rob«es wrhich make the heart fain- Aoe to teink opon. Yet foe all I cool' diarover, his PA *e&iont; were li» ry tttoie of a Istroulig farmer. hao busenes abeolnell nothiot-e was almot deeperate, when one day a t-lt Iaont and iagd man steppea intom the iho". asked for mty emylolr, and gave the name of Amos Teenowath, Oh, hoa I londei-lo k L him as he stood thee I And how ittl did be rguess that the cleark of woom ha tookt no more notice than of .tone. would one day strika his doco ndant off the face of the snech and inherit the wealth for which he had eold his soul-the great Ruot of oy I oi a trembled with hbM as I adn inoa iihim and showed him into the incer room, Then I closed the door and lie ened. Et wog onatyt aiout hisi will-the foot- and did not know had all his posseesione Would Ossriio bcm hi oll n's. It my itert I i.aot~ed at ohi itgnma.e ho;bt I learnt ,notih-enon to wait patiently fbrahrs, and liy to tr EL el Trrenoweh to his it was shoot this time that I felle love In this a in kescything tbronCh life I have beesnuoed rith nhe loniest lack; butor t ris a in evarthinlsa? h I paeors has as anob fool-you re alt tools-hut sh e ma .e«hoadim 'adhadadlcnaot I onder if sooCn glueS who abla r sugIblr waps!' Its bL aks of and l"oked atm. with fotudith 'Yolu bontmd Ictrid, she was Janet ·irbi;Thw ~ hame poe In upr -~~P4 it poer, Ir. Jae. en U Jet It'fnelalbtth re. times om ." yosng, weasand Uan was.stoplped by those cs,] fihermsen. Idiots thate they .reretthey thoa?gt the sight ol me had ynebl e on end made you faint. Faint I \- wond'have been dead in anbther half minute. How I laughed in my sleeve while y tt uncle of yoan was trying to make me a understad-e-what was y name the Ol, ay, Georgio Rbodojaui. However you ia rcaped that tme and once moae won hardly oo in at th o e aindo n nigh t ier e inquest, Why, h in m mind I e as toseint p wehehor or not I should murder you in your white-faced mother. I should have I ,oe sn. bue thonght you might hold some knowrtede of the secret after ao0u meeting t with erlto, C that it seemed better to bide , my time. \- tl it oe 'ty satisfaction to yon,' I inter. e pted, 'to know that had you Lilled me lte yo rwould never have laid hands 00 that C'? yondser, yo are welhoome to it.' 'It is' he answered. ' I am glad Ididnot i iUyo'both ; it leto your moter time toee her ooad hnubanl an d hag given me tie pleatore of killing you now ; the treat in. rreser wih keeping. Walli, let me go on. After thc Is wm forced to leave the country for some rims-- 'For no her piece of villainy, whicb your ifet doecovered.' 'How do yeo know that Oh, from Ca irhe aiappoe ; however, it does not matter. Woen I cams hback I founa you, found you, and struet agaen. BalS again my cursed auck stood in my way, and th..t -?- friend of yome knooked me cenelme. Look at thoi mark on my cheek.' 'Look at the ClaUp and you will H ee where your blow wau slude.' An, that war it, was it? he said, ex. ami? w the Clasp alowly. ' I soppeE you l thoug itIn lucky at the time. So It was-fotr me. For, thogh I made another mistake in toe fug that oght, I got quits with your fried at any rat. I have chated otiuta enough at there faiures, bnt it has all come rigoer i the end. I ocght to have killed your father upon Adam's Peak ; but he was a big man, while I hd no pistol and could not afford to risk a mistake. Everytnolng 'hey say, cimes to the man who cea wait. You father did not escape, neither will you, and when I think of the joy it w to me to knoe the; you and tlare, of all people-' Bot would sear nomore. Madas I wa cwit shame and hoanor for my grandfather'sa v'elty, I knew tuba man, notwitranding hbs talk of revenae, to be a vile and treacher. one scoundrel So when bhe spoke of Claire I buret feeah ' Dog, ri. is enough ! I have listened to your tale. But wen you talk of Caire- t Clalre woos you killed tonight-then, dog, I spit upon you ; ki me, and I hope the treasure may crose you as it has cursed me ; kill me; use your knife, for I wt. hbout-' With a dreadful snarl he was on me nd smote me acmoes the face. Then as I con. tinued to call and shout, struck me one learful bhow beniud the ear. I remember that the dim lamp shot out a streak of blood-. red Ilame, the cabin was lit foe one briad instant with a Raah of rte, a thoeucad lightst earted out, and then-then cam utter black. nes?-a vague wenetii,n of being cangbt nu and carried, of plnging down-dowr.. CIAPTER XL AND LAST. TtLtS noW AT LiAT I tOUvND 1T EVL'GE b AND ToC GoF-AT REvr. 'Speak.-epeak to mes On, look p and b tell me on are not dead.' Down through the misty defilea and dark gIter of the Valley of the Shadow of Death ame these words faintly as though spoken a far away. So distant did they seem that my eyes opened with vague epectatlon of another I wo-id opened and then we?rily closed For at first they stared into a heaven of dat grey, with but a shadow between them and colourleso space. Then they opened once more, and then the shadow caught their attention. What was it! What was I, and ho* came I to be staring npwad sol I let c the problem be, and fell back into the easeful lap of nnconsciounee. e. then the voice spoka again : SHe is living yet,' it said. 'Oh, if heA woaid but speak I' I This time I anaw more dietinctly. Two eea were Iotngl into mine--a wroman's ties. Where had I peen that face before? Surely I hd known it once in some oher t world. Then aomehon over my wearymind etole the knowledge that this was hire. Lutrell--or woe it Claire No, Claire was t dead ' Uire dead !'I eemed to repet to myeelf ; but how Oead or were 1 ould not Secall ' Claire dead ' then ohislmstbae her mother, and I,Jaeper Trenoweth, was lyig bhre, with Claire' mother beading over me. How came we so What had hppened. that \--and once more the slhadow of oblivion eweot doen and enfolded me, I Se wase atill there, kneeling beside me, ch.ting my hands, and every now and t than speaking words of tender eolicitnde. fow white hter hair was I It used not to i he so white ae this. And where was I lying! Inn boa? Heow my head wastching ! I 'hen remembrance came back. Steagetob tell, it began with Ceaire'e death in the theatre, and thence led downward in broken and mterrupted train until Cotliver's face suddenly started up beire me, andI knew all. I raised myself on my elbow. My brain was tbhr bbmhn intolerably, and every pulsa. tion seemed to shoot fire into my temples. Also other band of fire were clasped about my arms and wrists. So acutely did they burn that I fell back with a low moan and looked helplessly atvMrs. Latael e Althoogh it had been .nowing, her bonset was throat back Irom her lace and hong by its ribbons whibh were tied beneath her chin. The breeze was plying with her di-. ordersed hair-halr now white u the anoe w. flakes upon it, though grey when last I had seen it-bat it brought" no color tob her face. As she bent over me to place her o hawl beneath my bead. I eaw that her blue ey.e were strangely bright and pominentt, ' Thank God, you see alive I Does the bandge pain you o! an eon move r I feebly put my hand up ran felt a hand. kerchief bound round my hred. I was atraid-oh, so atfrid !-that I hod been too late. Yet God only know. how I got down into your boar-in time-and with. out his seeing me. I knew what eor nuld do-I was listening behind the partition all the tie ; b ut I wa afraid he wouanld kill a you firbt.' 'Theu--on heard ' 'I bheard all Oh, if I wereonly man- but eo yon atand! Are yon better no0w For we mast Iose no ttme.' I weakly etsred at her in answer. * Doa't yon ee?' If you can stand and at, u I pray you cao, there lera?o time to e lost boarnin is already breraking, and by this eaning ytonmnst catch him.' 'Catch him!' 'Y'e,yes. ffehagone--goneero cashthe frsI tra'n for Cornwall, and will beat Deed an'e Rook to nlhth Quiick! we if you I sat op.- The water bad dripped from me, forming a areat pool at oee endeot ha boat In It she wa kneelig, and beelde her lay a heavy knife and the cordl with which Simon C llivsr had bhomd me, * Ye.,.' I oaid, 'I will eo:low. When doe. the firattsainteavePaddington 2' 'At a qourter-put 9.' she anewe?d, ' and it inow about halt pet 5. Yos have time, to catch it hut mtst diegise yonrself first. He wilL travel by t; there i no train befot ,e. Come, let me row yeo .shore.' With this abe untied the painter, gut out tbhe sells, stt down upon the thwart oppo ai.e, and begn to pull deepsately for shoe. f wondered at her strengih and skiu rith the ao. 'Ah,' ahe said, 'I we at what you are wondering Reme huthaol wa; a tilor's wife once. and wtteot a treagth hoe should I have dragged tyo on hoard thei at .' ' How did you mangse try 'I cnaotnetl. I onlyknwthatIheald a splash a I wit'd nader the b,e thes, and then beean with my bends to fend the boat around the sch'onsr fir dearlfe I bhd to be verr elent. A+ trot I roond se nothisg. for it was dark towarde the sheoe; hut I cried to feaeen tospaoet for Yen. seace onu that man, and then t saw some thion black lying acose the w*rp, sod knee it was you, I goed a strong push, then rushed to the boea and euoght you hy the hair. I gao you round byt stee an , gentel as I could, and then palled y a o hoeard eomehow-Itctuot rememher suacilg'how I did It.' ,Dildhseeyenu" ' No, forbhe mast have gone bdow directly. I roed under lbs shadtw of tie flghl tO whik we woer tied jfet now, and a' I did.';. toannh I hard b'imattaln me ty'bmtn He menmbelrd at u ytt I had not gloen him the money. Howee·r, presently [ besrd him gettieg into bn hsbet and rowing inhov. -He Ie-a him o.crning , an? .'e.i_ dowm ianthe shadow ,for fear of my life., let keppuos r and pot ousta the s yodr ft w Se` pulled aI kt k .t two -l silence, atd then eotinued.. - t 11 i ..: IWhe' t oerte in the whbin together. I ave fa.te . At aost point!I thiaklmt I av fo?ited ; bat i ut w t hove been for itoo , forewhen I came to myself you wera I stil talklng about Johs Ralltoe.' fI rem.eember the bmond which Ihad heard, Sand aleost Do spite of myself aed, ' You Sheard, jbabt--.' Cl aire Yu, I heard.' She nodded I imply hout hn r ae e aolkt mime, d in Sthem wasn iatm thea made me start. Just l the the boat tuoched at mouoldeinIg li ght of stairs ctlstd? with green ooze to high waer mk, and co ed now with snow. She mede hast the b at. ' This was the way he we?t' ehae mttred. STrack him, tanck him to hea death e pare rhim no tingle ang to make that death Smiserable.' Her low voice positiltyttmbled with concentrated bate. 'S*,' she said. have you mouoy r I auddely retmembaed that I had eall lthe money on meto legunll for getting outt my boat,ind told her so. At the same momenst, too, I thoht upon the tin box I Istill lying usd the boat'stern. I stepped L afe and ptlled it out. SHe is money,' she said; ' money that I wae to have given his Fifty pound it is, c in nows. Take it al ' ' Bt you !' Ihelitated. ' Never mind me. Take it-take it all I What do I want with money if you only kill himr' R I bent and kissed her hand. 'As Heaves is my witness,' said, it shall be his life or mine. The soul atone of us shell never see to-morrow.' Her hand wae cold s ice, and her pale face never ohbaned. ' Kill him,' she said, simply, I tamed, and climbed the steps.t By this time day had broken, and the east we etreakled with angry flshes of crimson. The t wid wept throgh my dripping clothes and t froIe my bechinr limbs to the mrrow. -,Up r tte river came floating a heavy pall of fog, out of which the msts showed like rlely a skaletou. The sow- stortm hea not quite t ceased, and a etcay flake or two cams brush lag acrosse my face So dawned my Christmas As I gained the top. I turned to lookdown. She was still standins there, wathing me. Seeaig me look, she waved her arms, and In hbard her hoarse whisper, 'Kill him I Kill im I Kill him I' ii I left her standing so, and turned away ; but in the ma ghosts th haunt my a solitary daste not the least vivid is the p phantom of this whl e-hailed woman on the ol.ck and silent river, eternally beckoning, 'Kill him !' I found myself in a yard strewn with timber, spart and refsne, halt hidde beneath the snow. From it a fl'ghtofrickety tone 0 steps led to a rotting door, and thence into the street. Here I stood for a moment, a p.uderiog on my next stop. Not a soel was abroad so esly ; but I moat quickly get a tl change of Clothee somewhere ; at present I stood in my torn dres troudeer and soaked shirt. I pased up the street, my ahoeln e feet making the first prints in the newly. aloden snow. The firs!t? No; for when I t boked more closely I saw other footprints, n already half obliterated, leadiog up the street. The must be Simon Colliver'e. I t followed them fur about a hundred yards past she shuttered windowe. n Soddenly they trned into a shop derr, y and then seemed to leave it again. The shop was c:osed, and above it hung three b brn's halls, each covered now with a soaev cap. Above, the blinde were drawn down, but on looking again, I saw a chink of light h between the aubttors. I knocked. Alter a abort puse, the door w opened. a A red-eyed, villainous face peered out, and p aeeinu me, grew blank with wonder. ' What do you want Y inquired at length the voice belonging to it. ' To buy a fresh suit of clothes. See, I ii I hare fallen into the river.' Muttering somaethig beneath his breath, t the pawnbroker opened his door, and let me into the shop. n It was a dingy neat, Sfitted up with the usual I furniture of each a place. The one dim candls threw a ghoetlylight on chaire. clocks compauses, trinkets, anucepane, watchs, pile of chins, and suits of ltl-off clothes arrayed like rows of suicidese long the wall. 0 A general air of decay hung over the den. Immediately opposite me, a I entered, a o stuffed parrot, dropping slowly into dusL, glared at ms with one malevolent eye of glues, while a hideous Chinese idol, behind the coonter, poked out his tongue in a freny t f maligrniry. But my eye wandered pat o these, sd was fixed in a moment upon some thing therat glittered upon the counter. That auomething was my own watch. Fol os mg my gaze. the man gave me a quick, soslpicionus glnce, hastily caught up toe watch, and wao bestowing it on one of hir shelves, when I said- a Where did you get that!' h Quite innocently, air, I swear. I bought it of a gentleman who came in just now, and t would not pawn it. I thought it was hie, so d tha. if you belong to the Force, I hope-' "Gently, my friend," said I; 'I am not in the police, so you need not be in such a fr,ghL Nevetb.l.es, that watch is met; I can tell you the number, ii you don't believe it.' He pushed the watch acrors to me and a acid, still greatly frighteOed- h ' am ee you may see it stir, with all m It beart. I wouldn't for worlds-.' ' What did yon give for it. " He hesitated a moment, and then, as greed overmastered fear, replied- 'F eren pounds, sir : and the man would n not takes peony lees. Fifteen good pounds I swearit, as I am alive!' Aithn-gh I saw that the man lied, I drew out three five-lpo? d notes, laid them onths table, and took my watch. This done, I said 'Now I want you to tell me a suit of V clothes, and aid me to disguise myself. i Oherwile----' 'Don't talk, sir, about " otherwiee." I'm sure I .hall be only too glad to rig you out to catch the hief. You cean takyour pick oal 'he suits here; they are mstly seamans, to te sure; but ou'll find others as well. While, as for disguise fatter myseal for e getting up a fae----' Here he stopped suddenly. 'H wlog ha he been goneo!' ' bout half an hour before you came. But noudoubt you know wherehed be likely to go; and I won't be mre than twenty minutes setting you completely to right.' In Iese than half anm hoar afterwurdeI e steoped out into the atreet o compleely t dieguid that uoe of my feiede-thatis te I had pomsessed a friend in the world-would I have recognised me. I had Casens asailoe's soit, that being the character I knew myld a bteablestoauatain. My pelefachadturned to a brorue-e-d, while over lts smoothly. shaven surfoe now grew the muzhet of ucrlmmrd beards. Snow aul fealing still, so that Collirer'e footprints were entirely P obliterated. But I wanoed them no longer. He would be at Paddmongi, I knew; and accotdinly I[turned mc foot in that dlec ties, and walked rapidly wetward. b ity chae had bgoun. I had before me p plenty of tume In which to rech Paddington, and the s- trie of walnlg did me oou,. re'arin my ariffensdi limbs until at length I carceily felt the pain of the wole aswe e the cords had rut me. It was oniw peritsnltly, hut I hardly notied at Through the chilt and sullen mocitl? I held d-ggedly on my way, pat St. lKatharte'e Wharf, the Tower, throush G acechuch h street, amd out into S l'aul'e Ciu'chyari. Trafic ws lready begIlonuin hers. and th'ckened as I paroed dow Ludgatse Hill and climbed up to Holben. Already' the white snow wa esidg chsrned aed tedde into hideout tuleh i• which my fa :tlipped and stumbled. goU sat and sailce's cap werenover?d with powdery tLakee. andI hod to hold my head down fog fear lat the drilting moisture should wuh asp of the I colourin, off my face, So my lest carried me sooa mrcs into Otsord teeet. How well rmembred was every house, ever t amp pat, every loeg of the wavement almost! 'I wa 01 my len qet nOw. T'To-nileh I tonilht I' whhlpered mc heat; then came bhak the words of Claire'e mothse-' Kill him Klllhim ' ad still I ttrs'e~it weestward, as weetward lay my Bvddenly a hansom cab shot pstt It 5 came np silently on the slnshy ecreet, and ir I wu enly whet it was cloe behind that I herd the mefled tonad of Its whegl. It was lsa' yeot rcb. so iat I twsned my headat heeoand It p d sit nfish,aamd as me bIet a glins e Sha ose nt, 'tue in that msquent I had tim to catch eihto a el of o re , sad knew mow that myjoney I w,,nld sot te in ain. Theywerethe esem tfSimon Collivee. met hit. : Hewne c arlytdtsleua--asI Imssned by thteame hmd that had gmiated my own tfaee/ad locket to.tek eaul ne bet I oerdlanabrshe : BIsteleged l elm .m n tane My bhenrlept widly fee a moutnt-my brnda. wm eldeekt aed ploddnlogafterhlim as.beuee. Lhc, a ll \- 'la~.~ mrs~ mesmejl --il 