WiUtm'% Column. THE STORY OP AN OLD BRIDGE. (FromSt. Nickola*.) PAKT UL (Concluded.) litt tu now put on in our account to tbi reign of Henry VIII. If we were to lingei long over thia reign we should be dazzled witt pageant*. There seems no end to them. There is, first, King Henry going over tn gorgeous pomp to make war in France. Th« records filrly take our breath away with theil accounts of it. Again, a few years after, Henry crossed to meet Francis I. on " The Field of the Cloth of Gold," the very name ol which faints at the display of splendours on the way. In 1527 Cardinal Wolsey went over upon an embassy to France, in so glorious a style at to ontshiue the king himself ; for he added the magnificence of a cardinal-prince of Rome to the grandeur of being Lord Chan- cellor in the Court of England. Then we bear of an imposing embassy from Franca, coming to invest Henry witta the Order of St. Michael In due time. Anne Boleyn appears on the bridge, riding betide Henry, to vitit France. It wat jutt arter their return that they were secretly married. In 1544, Henry goes over again ; but now to right Francis, of " tbe Cloth cf Gold," bis former friend, and be croase» the Channel in a thip the sills of which wera made of cloth of gold. You can see his effigy to-day in the Tower Armory, .'armed at all points, upon a pied ooureer," jutt as he appeared when he eat out. And here let us leave bim. He waa a great showman, but we can turn from him without regret. But were I to tell of all whom he made to pus under London Hridge, you would think nina a bloody-minded villain. I do not care to emphasize lt ; but you may know that the Thames was the "silent highway" between the great judgment-hall at WestminsUr and the Tower; and that the Tower bad a gate opening on the water, called the Traitors' Gate. Need I tell you more 1 Think cf the oondemned men, who came down In boats with the beadsman's axe turned toward them, stooping their heads as tbe axe itself wae lowered wbile they shot under the low arch ol the bridge into the gloomy archway of their prison. The sight was notting new, and it did not end for many years ; but the reign of Henry saw so much of it aa to give me oc- casion for mentioning it DOW. But my space it dimlnising so fast that I mutt hasten on. Suppose we stop a moment, and look at another insurrection with which the bridge again had something to do. It was in 1554. There wat a rising of the " Men of Kent," under Sir Thomas Wyat, against Queen Mary. They were opposed to her coming to the throne-as they had good reason to be. Wyat, with two thousand .men, came toward London Bridge. The guns of the Tower blazed away at them over the river, but nobody was hit. When be reached the bridge, ita gates were closed, «nd itt draw had been cut away. There were signs of greet confusion in the city. The ehope were shut, the women were shrieking, and the men were i unning about seeking tor weapons. Now appeared a pro- clamation offering a thousand pounds for Wyat's head. To defy them tbe more, he ttuck his name in large, bold letters on bis cap-THOM AH WVAT. Three days psssed. The bridge wonld not let bim over. Then be went up river and crossed in boats, coming down that way to the city, but all its gate» were closed against him. He had a fight at Temple Bar, and theu had to yield himself a prisoner. Queen Mary had triumphed, but Wyat's act brought Lady Jane Grey to the block, and flame near causing the death of Elizabeth ; and London, to please the queen, now made great preparation! to receive King Philip of cpain, the proposed husband of olary, as be came over the bridge. This was tbe very man against whose coming Sir Thomas Wyat had straggled. Never was London Bridge so foll of gibbete, never tbe bridge to covered with head», a» after this rebellion. BlooJy Mary began to win ber name. It perhaps surprises you that Sir Thomas Wyat could have been so easily stopped by the bridge at that tame. If it had been an open roadway, it could not have stopped bim : but it wss covered with tall house«, acme of them three and four stories in height. They were dwelling-bouses and shops, ranged along on both aides, and overhanging the parapeta. The street between them wat a narrow arch- way, only twelve feet wide, with wider spaces at Interval» for foot passengers to get ont of the way of the vehicles. London bad not only gone over tbe bridge, but bad settled down upon it This had occurred several times before, bet the houses were but shanties and had been removed. Now bow ever, they were of quite a stately obaracter. Von may imagine ita odd appearance, and wonder how a decent city oould allow auch an encumbran ce along it» greatest thoroughfare, but it wat the way ia those days. Every- thing waa crowded together. The etty itself waa a jam of housse, with bat narrow, crooked .tree ta. In the reign of Charlea II. there came a lodden relief to thia state of things upon the bridee-and a relief which made aa summary achango ia the metrópoli».' A terrific fire broke ont, which burned down almost the whole of London. It began Dear the bridge, and then spread away In all directions. After a while it swept roo od and came back, plunging down the hill in a billow of flame, laying hold of the houses on the bridge, and leaving it nearly as bare aa when it wat built. Thia wee one of the bridge's wildest ex- perience». It bad alwayt been on the look-out against the water, and was prepared to let everything go over it, exoept rebels and tuon people. But the fire was a friendly enemy, and the bridge yielded a passage to lt very gladly, we doubt not, when the tire offered to relieve its old back from the burden of all those houses. It had nothing to fear for itself, though perhaps itt aged atony spine might have been a little scorched. The etd bridge stood one hundred and seventy years after this, and looked on a Loudon built much mora substantially than ever before. It still bore up the Increasing tides of tte life, flowing back and forth, and was more and more famous every year, as its history gr»w more ancient and tba people remembered what wondrous sights it bad seen. No longer now did its quaint old form ap- pear in grave history only, bnt also m chronicles end atones, in romances and novels, end even in nursery tales ; for it was interwoven with the joys and Borrows, the lights «nd shadows, of city life. Artists even found that they oould never draw a true picture of London without putting in Old London Bridge. It bas been piotured in many ways, by daylight, and by moonlight, In the darkness of midnight and amid the mists of deep fogs. The feme of it has gone everywhere, and can never pass auay. Its traditions still linger close beside the magnificent granite structure whioh now spans the river in its stead. Dome day you may stand on the parapet of the new bridge, and look at the place where the old bridge used to be, two hundred feet nearer the Tower ; a place that j will know it no more, except aa it may be I the haunt of an invisible ghost of the bridge, over which I have jutt tried to t.ke you io a dream-walk, covering tix hundred long years. But do you know that ils memory-the memory of its fame in the days gone by-has already been among you, io a way that you have probably never suspected ! What would you say it I could prove that the bridge went overthe Atlantic Ocean to America generations go ; What would you say if 1 could show it to youie one of the very games which you have played-perhaps are playing now to amuse the little ones ! When in your very young days you tang «Ultim tin tv»« »» Mimas the sky, . And Ut Klee 0«xge ked hi» irfwp» by. as two of the biggest among you locked hands and formed an arch, which the others tried to " (hoot " and were caught ; and then when atttl other arch« were formed behind theta, , and the great pull set in, all shooting together what the first arch had begun "loudon Brians li tailing down-tainas down"- ! what was it but an echo of the past, the aocient voices of the children in ola London town revived, chanting their belief in the grey old bridge, that never, like their own little bands, could nnlock its arches from their hold, break apart, or fall 1 