GENERALITIES. Was Noah's celebrated vessellightedby an arolamp? When "the aoene beggars description" it should be run in as a Tag. It has no business begging in public. . When a washerwoman ohanges her place of residence one may ask her " where she hangs out now" without using slang. Minister (to widow)—" I hope the dear de parted was prepared to die." Widow—"On, yes: be was insured in three good com panies." Sharks won't bite a swimmer who keeps his legs in motion. If you can keep kioking longer than a shark can keep waiting you'll be all right. Only one rifle ball in a thousand kills a man in battle. If that thouBandth bullet oould be left out of the calculation, what brare soldiers we would be. "Johnny," add the Sunday-school teacher, " what is our duty to our neighboora ?" " To ask them to tea as soon as they get settled," said Johnny. Blobson, who never goes ont or comes in without falling over an antique jar or piece of bronze, persists in calling his wife's collection break-your-back." Young BiifkinB went out shooting the other day, and shot six times at an owl be fore he dieooversd that it was a pieoe of mud on his eje-glasses. BoBton mamma—"Yon mustn't speak of your lege, FloBBy, when we have company; it isn't polite." Flossy—1" What should I say, manna—drnmBtioks ?" Nature knew what she was about when she made women beardless. She knew that not one in a thousand could keep her chin atill long enough to get shaved. Some one remarked to Mrs. Siddons that applause was necessary to actors, and gave tnem confidence, " More," replied the actress, " it giveB ns breath." Reasonable foe Onoe,—Lady—" There! for the first time your bill ie reasonable." Florist (excitably)—" Quick 1—let me see! I must have made a mistake." A countryman who saw the play of ine " Othello" the other evening for the first time said "The feller acted good 'nongh, considerin' that he was a nigger. " I don't like that new names for dudes." "What is it J" "YamB." "What's the matter with it ?" " Why, yams are big pota toes, and dudes are mighty small ones?' No, Henry, when ladieB appear in demi toilet it does not mean that they are only half dressed. It means that they have more clotheB on than when they are in full dress. " Is Life worth Living?"—Very Naughty Tommy (who has severely been corrected by his mamma) — " I'm pre'sh's-s sorry— (sobbing) — y'you ever m-married Pa'11"— Punch, Miss Ethel—" And so yon are really en gaged to Mr. Sampson. Clara?" Mies Clara (blushing)—" YeB; it all happened laBt even ing, Ethel," Mise Ethel—" What a blessing leap-year iB, dear!" Hostess—" Let me help yon to some more salad, Mrs. Newoomb." Mrs. Newcomb— "Justa little plesBe." (Thoughtfully.) "I wish yon would lee me copy some of your re cipes ; all mine are so rich." The litle one, being a guest of her grandma, had been liberally feasted when a seoond dish of pudding came on. Looking at the steam ing dish sue exclaimed with a sigh, " Say, gran'ma, I wish I was twins." Everybody in the chnroh except the new pastor himself seemed to epjoy it when he lost the place in his manuscript and while hunting tor it spoke of " Esau who sold his message for a birth of potright." " I am afraid," said a lady to her husband. " that I am going to have a stiff neck. "Not at all improbable, my dear," replied her spouse ; " I nave seen strong symptoms of it ever since we were married." Mother—" Well, my boy, how did the Sun day-school go to-day?" Son—'"Oh, pretty well. Next Sunday teacher wants the boys to bring boxing-gloves. She says all the ministers recommend sparring as a means of grace." According to historians, in former times the town grew up around a monastery. According to a recent writer in an English paper Australian towns grow up around a bush shanty. Both olasses are due to spiri tual influences. Caution v. Caution. —" So careful, so economical my dear wife is. She always locks up the decanters when we've bad all we want—on acoonnt of the servants, you know! He! he ! She doesn't know I've got a key too l"~Punch. A Retort Courteous.—New parlour-maid —"Here's a letter, ma'am, if you please." New mistress—"Pray, Mary, are you not accnstomed to see letters banded on a tray ?" New parlour-maid—" Yes, ma'am, but I did not know yon was." The Wrong Member.—On the Bteamer :— " Yon don't mean to say you're really going to be Bicb f " It's a melancholy fact. " You'll have to get your sea-legs on ?" " Thank yon 1 I'd rather provide myself with a sea stomach." Things one would Bather have Left Unsaid.—Lady of the house (archly)—" My husband's not at home, Mr. Goodenongh. He's gone to call on some pretty women of his acquaintance." Caller—" Ah, I've given that up long ago J"—Punch. "No, thank you, stranger," said the gentle man from Dakota as the oar porter offered him the dressing-room comb. "I never oonld play on one of them things. I ain't what J'ou'd call musical,- an' my moustaobe ever astingly tears the paper." Bine-Ribbon Curate—" Tut-t-t, dear me, James, this is the third time I've seen you coming out of that public-house t" Thirsty Artisan—"Thash alL sir. You don't think 'ahpect'ble Bri'sh workman can shpen' all'sh time in grog-shop 1"— Punch. One day Ernest had been seriously leotored by bis mother, and finally sent to the yard to find' a switch with whioh he was to be punished. He returned soon, and said, "I couldn't find any switch, mamma: but here's a stone you can throw at mo."—Harper. " Worth makes the mas, and want of it the fellow," • So sang one Pope,a bard of former days. Worth makes the women now, and makes the fellow Want gold In heaps If he her dress bill pays. No generous man wonld go to a spiritual " Unole John," said little Emily, " do yon know that a baby that waB fed on elephant's milk gained twenty pounds In one week?'! " Nonsense 1 impossible!" exclaimed Unole John, and then asked, '* whose baby was it ?" "It was the elephant's baby," replied little Emily. seance given by a lady medinm, and as the ghost is walking about, while the medinm is tied in the cabinet, exclaim,_" There's a rat right by the ghost 1" It spoils the effeot to have the ghost cry oat and gather np its skirts -and ran. The rector bad been preaching on "The Brand of Cain," and at the close pointed his finger impressively at a drowsy sailor in the gallery and howled," What are yonr brands, my friend?" "Nigger-heel f chewin'and cnt-plng for smokin, was the willing and polite reply. Unole ™e. to Ket er ooclfiib here ah' have tfe chaged to hEn," Qrooer (dabiously)-"DId he only^ive^you ajyerb&l; orderfor it, Unole Hiatus 7 Unole Rastus (making a feint of feeling through bis pockets)—'" Tea, he gov me er verbal order, Bah, bnt l's done gone lo«t it.". " So yon enjoyed your visit to & menagerie, did youf" enquired a young man of his adored one's little slater. "Ob, yes. And, do yon know, we saw a oamel there thai eorewed its month and eyes around awfully, and eieter said it looked exaotly as yon do - when yon are reoiting poetry at evening parties." "John," said a wife to her hrn&ind;, "Mr. Smith's dog came very near biting mother. As it waa he frightened her seriously. £. think yon ought to do something about it." " I will," responded John promptly; " I'll eee Smith first thing in the morning, and if be does not want too much for for the > dog I'll buy him." Bobinson (very late at night)—"Hello,' Brown, aren't you out late ?" Brown —'" Sf ea,, I've been working over my books at the office, and I'm afraid to meet my wife." Hobineon—" Don't Mrs. Brown like to have yen work at the office so late?" Brown— "hhe doesn't mind that, but she won't, believe I've been there." " Is your horse perfeotly gentle, Mr. Dabster ?" " Perfectly gentle, sir. The only fault he has got, if that be a fault, is a painful habit of extending hiB hinder hoofs now and then." " By extending hie hinder hoofs yoa don't mean kicking, 1 hope ?" " Some people call it kioking, Mr. Green, bnt it's only a Blight reaction of the muscles." A tipsy farmer was observed recently at the foot of the stair leading to the Tay Bridge Station holding on to the iron raiting for support. "What's the matter?" aBked traveller, as he passed by. " Weel," replied the farmer, " Im in a qui queer predicament. If I stand here (hie) I'll loss my train, and If (hie) I latgo, I'm dootin' I'll fa'." He was Silenced.—" Are you still tug ging away at those gloves of yours ?" " Yes, dear." " You know it disgusts me to see you walking throngh the street making your toilet." "Does it, dear?" "Why, do yon know that 1 would just as soon see you pull ing on your stockings in the street as your gloves ? " MoBt men would" was all she said, and he had nothing else to Bay. &£,«§ Flattering, at Any Kate —" Well, does your husband etill drink?" "YeB, mother, and it is worrying the life out of me." " Did you try the plan of breaking him of the habit that 1 suggested to yon J "Yes. Did yon but whisk y in his coffee J" " Yob." " What did he say ?" " He said I was the only woman he bad seen since his mother died who knew how to make eoffee as it Bhou!d'-t>e made." " That makes the third time you've trod on my foot," said a man in a crowded hall, speaking to a fellow who stood just in front of him. " Are yon certain it is three times 3" replied the fellow, looking ronnd. " Yes, I am." " Well," said the aggressor, " yon Beern to be better in arithmetic than I am,. and you'd better keep on with the count." An American paper insists that advertising pays. In a late issne the following adver tisement was printed" Boy wanted ; good reference required; steady employment. Apply to G. D. R. Hubbard, Printers' Ware house, 879, State- street." The very next night the same paper reoeived the follow ing notice" Born, in this oity, Deoember 4, a son to Mr. and Mrs. G. D. R. Hubbard." Boy John.—New Arrival—" Are the rooms ready I wired for last night!" English Hotel Clerk—" What's the name!" Arrival—" Sul livan." Clerk —"Oh, ya'as, your honor. Boots, show Mr. Sullivan to the first suite of drawing-rooms, Y ou'll find everything ready, Mr. Sullivan." Arrival—" 8ir Arthur, sir I— not Mister. I'm Sir Arthur Sullivan, the composer." Clerk — " Tenth floor, back, Boots! (To himself) " I thought 'e was a little stubby for John Hel!" Robbie, aged four, was a great chatterbox, keeping up a oonstant stream of conversation witn everybody near him, or with himself if alone. One day, when his mother had com pany at dinner, he was permitted t<> come to the table for a share of the dessert. As usual, he talked incessantly, telling wonderful Btories, and asking more wonderful questions, without apparently expecting an answer to any of tbem. His mother warned bim several times to keep silence. This being of no avail, she finally threatened, in an angry tone, " If you do not keep silence immediately, I shall whip you." Little Robbie looked at her a few seconds, as if astonished, and then said, . gravely, J* There won't be any more Bilence -Harper. 