RAISING A 'GHOST.' For some time past there has been a ghost scare at Park Head, Ecclesall, England. The residents thereabouts, or at least some of them, are under the delusion that a ghostly visitant may be seen taking his walks abroad, and that his favourite place for thus exercising his fleshless bones is the high road from the Wheat Sheaf to the residence of Mr. Oharlea Belle. The whole thing is amusing as illustrating that even in these last years of the nineteenth century there are some people who believe in ghosts ; but an incident which occurred early on Wednesday morning, January 3, was , by no means amusing to Mr. Henry Chapman. Mr. Chapman, who lives at No. 23 Durham- road, has a farm in Derbyshire, and it is his custom to frequently walk there from Sheffield. This he did on Wednesday morning. He left his residence at six o'clock, and an hour afterwards he was drawing near to the Wheat Sheaf public- house. Tho morning was dull and foggy, and the light was only just sufficient to distinguish objects at a short distance off. As he neared the public-house Mr. Chapman came somewhat suddenly upon a young man named Jacob Bradwell. The sudden ness of the meeting somewhat startled Mr. Chap man, and he not unnaturally looked at the young fellow with some alarm. But his discomposure was nothing ' compared to Bradwell's. To him Mr. Chapman was the dreaded ghost. He had seen it at last sure enough. His face turned deadly pale. His eyes started in affright, and for a moment or two he was motionless. Then sud denly raising his right hand, in which ho carried his breakfast can, he threw it and its contents at Mr. Chapman. Then, taking to his heels, he fled, shouting as ho went, ' Tho ghost ! the ghost \' In a short time he reached the house of his uncle, Mi*. Richard Broomhead, with whom he lives ; and there, in a half-fainting condition, he told the story of his having seen the ghost, that it was wearing a mask, and that its form was dreadful to behold, Mr. Bradwell immediately ran out into the road, followed shortly afterwards by Mr. Joseph Ellis, who lives at the Post Office at Park Head. In the dim and misty light Bradwell came up to Mr. Chapman, whom he collared under the belief that he had at last caught the ghost. Ellis also caruo up, and for a, little time {/here was. a strong disposition on the part of the two to subject Mr. Chapman to Bummary punishment. Not without some difficulty he was at length able to satisfy them that he was neither a ghost nor had represented himself as one, and that all that had happened was due to the too vivid imagination of Jacob Bradwell. He was then allowed to resume his journey. Mr. Chapman was considerably shaken by the encounter. During the winter months he will perhaps delay his walks to his farm till a later hour in the morning ; and as for Bradwell the younger, he will probably not cry ' The ghost ! the ghost !' again until he is quite certain that he has not mistaken the farm of an elderly gentleman for that of a phantom. — 'Shef- field Independent. 