HIS secret of Laurie's -weighed heavily on my W^r mind. I was so accus PA tomed to tell everything, both to my mother and Ida, that it was very difficult for me not to say a word to either of them ; but I had made a promise, and of course there was nothing to do but keep it. 1 doubted very much, however, Laurie's capacity for holding his tongue, and almost hoped he would break his promise, so that I might be released from mine ; besides, the complication in regard to Felix Rosen feld was continually in- creasing. Whenever I went to the Edelsteins, he was Bure to be there, and Ida told me that he was often there at other times as well. Felix, no doubt, was seriously in love with Ida, and I am not prepared to say that if Laurie had not appeared on the scene, he would have had no chance. He was taller and better looking than any other Jewish young man we knew, well educated, good tempered and generous, while in Mr. Edelstein'B eyes his orthodoxy and business capacities made him a particu- larly desirable son-in-law. Not being in love with either of these young men, I could feel a little pity for Felix, who had no idea how small his chance really was. Matters, however, were brought to a crisis unexpectedly, and without any direct intervention on my part. We had often talked of having a moonlight excursion down the harbour, but it had been put off for various reasons till I despaired of its ever taking place. At last, at the end of April, there came a night when everything was favourable. The weather was perfect, neither hot nor cold ; there would be a beautiful moon, and what was of particular importance, everyone we wanted was able to come. Our party was not a large one ; it consisted only of my father and mother, Ida, Sam, Laurie, two young officers off a man-of-war then in Port Jackson, and myself. We were to start from Woolloomooloo Bay about five, taking with us all the neces- sary appliances for a regular bush tea. Sam and Ida called at our house, and Laurie, Lieut. Seringer and Mr. Adams were waiting for us on the wharf. Laurie and Mr. Seringer hired a boat, and took first turn at the oars, my father steering. He offered, indeed, to take an oar himself, but Laurie exclaimed, " No, no, Mr. Mendola, we couldn't think of it. Mr. Seringer and I will pull first, ar;d then Sam and Mr. Adams." "And then Ida and I. I am very strong," said I. " You may be, but Miss Edelstein isn't," said Laurie, quite sharply, and in his excitement pulling in such an extraordinary manner that Mr. Seringer called out to him, " Look out, Monteith, or we shall never get to Mossman's Bay !' which was our destination. Laurie looked rather ashamed of himself, and spoke very little more till we had crossed the harbour, when he made himself very useful in collecting dry sticks for our fire, and putting on the billy to boil. .'I've tasted lots of queer things," observed Mr. Seringer, reflectively, as he sat on a rock lazily looking on at the preparations, " but this is the first time I ever assisted at the brewing of billy tea." "What a lazy beggar you are, Seringer !" exclaimed Mr. Adams. " You don't assist at much except the consumption of good things." "Now that's too bad of him, isn't it Miss Mendola? Look here, Adams, I'll pay you out for that, as sure as my name's Cecil Seringer. " "My dear fellow, I'm not afraid. You can go ahead, and pay me out at once if you like. At least, perhaps you had better wait until I've made the fire burn up." Mr. Adams was a tall, powerful man, while Mr. Seringer was short and slight, BO the advantage was altogether on the Bide of the former. Neither of them, however, waa in the slightest degree serious, so the fire was soon burning brightly, and the billy put on to boil. Ida and I took the provisions out of the hamper, and spread the cloth on the grass, and very soon everything was ready. 'JLhe tea was pronounced a complete success, especially by Mr. Seringer, who said he had never tasted such tea in his life ; and all the gentlemen seemed highly to appreciate the more sub- stantial fare. When we had made the cold pie and tht chickens look very foolish, and had also done justice to thc cake, Laurie proposed we should go and look for ferns. " What do you say, you fellows ?" he asked. " I suppose Seringer is too lazy. Adams ? Sam ?" "Oh, you don't want us to come, then?" exclaimed Ida and I together, while Mr. Seringer jumped up, saying " Oh, no ; Seringer is not too lazy by any means, that is. if Miss Mendola and Miss Edelstein will accompany us." "Don't go far, girls," said my mother. "Fay, take your cloud with you, dear ; it may turn chilly." "I'm lazy thiss time," said Mr. Adams. "I think Edelstein and I will just smoke a pipe on the rocks." " I don't smoke," said Sam. " Bat I would just as soon remain here and have a yarn." So we four started on our fern-hunting expedition, but we did not long remain in each other's company, for Laurie and Ida soon left Mr. Seringer and me, and I strongly suspected that Laurie had suggested the ramble in order to give him the chance of a tête-à-tête with Ida. Mr. Seringer and I wandered about rather aimlessly for a little while, not talking much, then he asked me if we should go back to the camp. " I wonder where the other two are," he added. " Oh, not far; coo-ee to them, and they will come," said I. " You had better do it ; I don't know how." " Oh, Mr. Seringer ! That is your laziness again. Well, I'll show you for once. Coo-ee ! Coo-ee !" But there was no answer. " I suppose they couldn't hear such a feeble little shout," said Mr. Seringer. "I will try now." And he coo-eed with all his might, but again there was no response. " I say ! you don't think they can be lost, do you ?" " Oh, dear, no," I answered. " I only think they are too much absorbed in each other." "Oh, is that the idea? Then it's no use waiting for them ; we may as well go back." "Please, Mr. Seringer," I pleaded, "don't say anything about them. I ought not to have told you." " Certainly, if it is any satisfaction to you, Miss Mendola, I will say nothing, but of course the others have their wits about them, and will draw their own conclusions." As some time elapsed after our return before Ida and Laurie joined the party, and they both appeared consider- ably embarrassed, it did not require very brilliant perception on the part of any one to conjecture that something unusual had occurred. " Didn't you hear Miss Mendola and me shouting to you, Monteith ?" asked Mr. Seringer, mischievously. " We made row enough." "I fancied I did hear a subdued bellow," answered Laurie, with remarkable sang froid. " Come, that's not bad," said Mr. Seringer aside to me. "But I-that ÍB, we did not think it was meant for us," continued Laurie, while Tda sat down close to me and gave my hand a significant squeeze. "Come," I said, "let us have some games; or I know what would be fun : let us tell some stories round the camp fire. Mr. Adams, you begin ; you look as if you knew a story. " "I ! What makes you think so?" he asked, laughing. "Well, as it happens. I do know a story, a true one, too ; only it is rather horrible." " Oh, never mind," cried Ida and I together. "Go on; let us hear it." " ls that your ghost yarn, Adams ?" asked Mr. Seringer. " Look here, Miss Mendola: be always tells everyone that ghost story, and swears it's true." " And isn't it ?" "That's a mean revenge, Seringer," said Mr. Adams. " I will tell the story, and then you can all judge of its proba- bility. I believe it myself, for a very good reason. " " And I don't, for a better," added Mr. Seringer sotto voce, "You had better begin," said my father, " or it will be time to leave off." So Mr. Adams told his story, which turned out to be no thing very terrible, after all, though there was a ghost in it, "Why do you believe it, Mr. Adams?" I asked, when h< had finished. " Because it happened to me," he answered gravely. "And why do you not believe it, Mr. Seringer?" To my surprise, he coloured and mumbled somethini about its not being fair. " You may as well tell us," I urged. "Well, the fact is, I was the ghost," he confessed, ami( a burst of laughter, in which Mr. Adams joined. " You'll have to tell us a tale yourself, Cecil, after that,' he said. " Oh, certainly, by all means. Which one will you have Adams,' the one about the stuffed monkey, or that othe pretty little romance about my grandmother's green cottoi umbrella?" "I think you are stuffing us, Mr. Seringer," remarks Sam, who had been very quiet ail the evening. " But really," he protested, " I don't know any stories a all, and I have not an atom of invention in me. One of yo other fellows ought to take a turn now, or one of the ladiet Miss Mendola, I am sure you can." " I don't know a real story," said I, " but I will tell yo a curious thing that really happened. There was once gentleman who always wore a curious old- fashioned seal o his watch-chain, which had belonged to his grandfathei One night he went to a ball, and when he came home tl seal was gone. He inquired for it at Government Hous where the ball had been, but could hear nothing of it, an gave it up for lost. Two or three years afterwards he m< a friend of his, on whose chain hung a seal so much like tl one he had lost that he exclaimed,4 Hullo, Smith ! whei did you pick up that seal?' 'At Government House, aft< the Birthday Ball, three years ago,' replied Smith. ' I'\ been looking for the owner ever since.' * Well, here he i then,' said the other man, glad to recover his seal in such singular manner. " Thia led to other strange stories of losing and finding, some true, and some very evidently fictitious ; but they passed the time pleasantly enough, so pleasantly, in fact, that we lost sight of the fact that we were a long way from home, and that it was getting late. 