For the Little People. The Haunted Treasure-room. BY ISABELLA MAUNSELL. [WRITTEN FOR THE 'QUEENSLANDER' CHRISTMAS SUPPLEMENT.] Once in a distant far-off land and clime there lived a proud and noble family who for many generations had ruled over the people, and every generation found them more proud and oppres- sire, and more determined to graip everything which might leneflt thoraselves, by fair means or foul. Many atones wore whispered of dark crimes and hidden cruelties till the name of Castle Ormonde was never heard without mingled feelings of fear and hatred. The last lord of the name who ever ruled was the most terrible and the most avaricious. He caused to be built in the costle a treasure-room where he might safely keep all his spoil. It was built quite in the centre of the castle, and surrounded by a buttressed corridor winding in an intricate maze so that a stranger would soon get lost in ir, and it was further guarded by secret doors closed with hidden springs known only to the wicked Baron himself, for the builders and designers of the room and maze were never seen or heard of again after their work was done; they never came out of the castle, and it was generally supposed that the Baron had murdered them in the maze or the treasure-room lest they should reveal its secrets to anyone. But from that day a doom settled on the castle; the Baron gathered enormous stores of wealth into his treasure-room, but he grew more morose and unhappy every day, and spent most of his time within the maze, and when he did come out hit hollow cheeks and wild sunken eyes told their own tale of misery and unrest. At last he became mad and locked himself in tho treasure-room, aud no oue could find tho way iv to release him or bring him help. Then there wcro strange uuearthly noises heard in the mazo and treasure-room, aud phantom shapes flitted about in ghostly silence till at last every one fled in terror from the castle, aud left it to ruin and desolation. Tho Buron's family had lost all their wealth, for it was locked up with tho mad lord in tho treasure- room, and on tho merest wreckage of their former greatness they lived iv poverty and obscurity, till in a few generations they dwelt in their own city almost forgotten and unknown. At this time the onco proud and numerous family of Ormonde was roduced to three persons — two twin brothors and a younger sister. Loonard aud Herman were eighteen years of ago, and Myra two years younger. They were now so poor that they were forced to work to earu their own liviug. Hermau was an artist, and Leonard a musiciau, whili Myra tended their household, and with hor busy uccdle added her sharo to thjir scauty moans. There was oue more iumate of their house —a woman so old and wriukled aud belpleßS that many people said she had lived too long, aud could bo of no moro pos sible use iv tho world, ouly a burden to herself iiud others. Noithor Myra nor hor brothors know rightly who sho was, though th?y had boeu taught to cull hor •grand mother.' Sho had been in tho housa even i-inco they could remember, iv precisely Iho sumo couditiou, aud they had been charged by their dying mother to give her a home aud share all they had with hor as long as she lived. To Myra this and been a sacred duty regularly aud teudeily performed, but the two youths were not always so kind to the poor old womun us they ou»ht to have been. Oje evening, iudeed, they go far forgot themselves as to vpeak very dis respectfully of bur, aud thut iv hor presence. Myra begged her brothers to behave better, sny iug gently : ' Pray do uot tpeak s-o unkindly of dear grand mother. I feel sure that tl:e uudeistuuds much of what you any. She often thanks me with v piatcful word aud look. Do uut grieve her lust daws with sinh thoughtless remarks.' Herman <-tily Mini^;;-'il 11is tslmuM as hr-i.-. tumid siway, and L< uuai'd, ;is ii a t!uui;.;ht had jn.-t iir-curred to him, .siid ti> his broth.t: I Hermau, we are poor, and the treasure of the Ormondes lies hidden in yonder castle ; we aru the rightful hoirs, why should we not go togethot and search for it > Better die in tho attempt than, drag out this useless existence.' «I feel inclined to agree with you, but yet. when so many have failed' • But perhaps they failed bocaus3 thoy hal no right to bo there. Wo should bo ouly seeking our own.' I 1 am not so suro of that; our ancestors wore not famed for rospectiug tho rights of other.', and a large portion of tho coutouts of tho troasure room must be stolen property.' «If it is it will do no one any god lying thero locked up, and, as the los3n of it are all dead and forgotten, we have the bost right to it, as it haa lain so long unclaimed in the castle.' ' The treasure-room is haunted.' ♦ Pish! an old womau's talo ! People have been lost in tho maze, perhaps died thero, for wimt of tho kuowlodgo nnd forethought which might havo prevented tlioir being lost.' ' Even if wo did find the way through tho maze to the treasure-room there would still bo the hidden door with its hiddeu tyring botweeu us.' ' But listen to me,' and Leonard spoke now in a low earnest tone. ' Among some old pieces of manuscript music that camu into my possession long ago was a very old yellow paper with a curious traciug upon it. I did not hexl it at tho time, but threw it aside and forgot all about it till I noticed upou one of tho pieces of music tho name of the architect of the maze and treasure room, who was never heard of again after his work was completed. Then I remembered the paper, and after a loug search found it, and suro enough it boro also the tame name. I havo studied it carefully for wcoks and am convinced that it is a sketch of the maze, and that with its assistance we can find our way iuto the treasure room.' ' Then lam with you,' cried Hormau. »Let mo see the paper.' I Ah, no!' interposed Myra; • what if I lose you both in one day? If the treasure-room woro filled with gold it would not be worth such a terrible risk.' ' Girls are all cowards,' returned Leonard quietly, 'and if the world was left to their management there would be nothing done iv it at all for fear some one would get hurt.' 'Do not be so unkind, Leonard. Surely tho world is wide enough for us all to take our placo in it without wounding one another.' And the tears welled iuto Myra's eyes as she turned aside to hide them, and busied heiself with other matters. Herman made a signal of silence to his brother, who readily understood him, and changed the subject of conversation. They had determined that Myra was not to know anything more about it, for she would do all in her power to hinder and discourage them. For many people lured by the wealth in the treasure-room had ventured into the maze aud were never heard of afterwards. But from that evening Myra noticed a change in her brothers; they were often in close consultation together, and both wore a preoccupied look. She heraelf was busy enough trying to manage her household affair* still more economically, and hoping that her brothers would not notice how much she pinched herself. Myra was large hearted enough to give ready sympathy to every troubled oue that came iv her way, und it was here that she felt the Btiug of poverty. To daily witness want and suflfeiiug that a little money would have relieved and not to possess a penny was her greatest sorrow, an 1 if over her thought! did stray to tho golJ locked iv tho haunted treasuro-roora it wus with the desire to relievo someone olso's waut. Especially did her heurt yearn towards the poor childrou who lived their miserable lives in tho dirty laucs uround, their ouly clothes a fow tattcrod rags, their only food waste morsels that they pickod up where they might, their ouly teaching the rough maxims of tho street, aud she oft?u wept in ajcret that it was out of her power to aid them. She alwuys spoke kind gentle words to them, wus always toady to wash and bind up a wound or apply some t-implo remedy in sickness, aud sho wondered why they loved her so much when sho was able to do so little for them. One night sho had gone to bed thinking about them, so it camo to pass that she carried them with her iuto dreamland, und as she fell asleep she thought she stood beneath a maguificcnt Christmas trou that bore a gift for everyone that came under its branches. As soou as anyone came under the tro? the gift inteuded for him would drop ntF tho treo into his hauds. Crowds of wi-ll dreeaod people, laughing, talkiug, ami exchanging the good wishes of tho season, clustered under it, taking possession of rich presents and bearing thorn off iv triumph. Myra could sco her i>o ir children in the distance gazing ou the Bjiectncle with longing wonder, but nimble to come no ir because of the richer crowd who pushed them buck. Now, when thew gnutone.i hu-1 satisfied thonuo'vos and the tree scorned stripped, Myra was iil>lv to come uudcr its braui-hi.'s, :iud as soon as she had done so a g;>l(!e'i waud drop;>o.l iuto htr huud with 'The Fortune of Ormonde' inscribe! upon it, aud Myra real it with sturtlod eyes. ' I hive received gold whrre I did not expect anything; what wonder is t'jiVr' flic fisked. I 1 cau give you tlneo woudeiv,' said the wuud. ' Wuvo me iv the air aud call aloud for what you wish, and it will b-,1 there; you may do this thieu times, but no inure.' Su Myra waved t'u: wand over her head a,ul culled aloud : " Let all those poor children be brought dote to me, clean and well clothed.' Tho next moment there camo crowding around her troops of clean well-clad children with thin piuched faces and hungry anxious eyes. Then she waved the wand the second time, and said: 'Let there be tables spread around covered with good food, enough to satisfy all these children.* Immediately long tablo?, covered with dishes steaming up a most delicious odour, came walking tip on their four legs and stood around in con voniout places, aud Myra quickly placed tho little oues at them, and watched the delight with which they allayed the pangs of hunger for the first time with wholesome well-rooked food. Whoa they had eateu she waved the wand again and cried: ' Bring a Christmas-box for every child to take away. 1 Then at ouco there rained down presents of all sorts upon tho children, who laughed and shouted iv such frantic glee that Myra laughed too and woke herself, doing so to tho bitter disap ]k>iutmcnt of finding it all to bo only a droam. Still it was a dream she could not forget; it came to her first thing next moruiug as she looked out of her window uudBUW threo dirty rugged urchins puddling iv tho street mud. It danced beforo her eyes as the helped the old woman from her bed to tho chair and wheeled her into tho fresh air, aud sho amused herself with thoughts of the golden wand till after breakfast, when her brothers told her that they had an engagement which would krop them absent for soveral days. She only milled and kissed them with a light heart before they departed, and never a thought of the horrible old castle with its hauntod treasure-room crossed her mind. Leonard and Herman had made all their plans; they had determined to solve tho mystery of the treasure-room or die iv the attempt. 1 hey had studied the trati ig till they knew it perfectly, and provided themselves with food aud torches, imple inoutato force locksanddoorB,ballsof string to serve us a cluo, not f orgett'ng weapons to defend them selves if the need arose. They were young, strong, aud hopeful, and failure was a thing they resolutely put out of their thoughts. The castle was not fur from their humble abode; its old gray turrets had towered before their eyes ever since they could remember; half an horn's walk would have brought them to its gate, but they had not gone far on the road before they met a miin who besought their help. He had been taken very ill suddenly, and was unable to reach home without assistance. Leonard and Herman woro good-natured fellows, and though they grumbled a bit at tho delay, still they did turn, and taking tho man by either arm succeeded in getting him home, which was in a directly opposite road to the castle. Then they speedily retraced their steps, ut they had not gone far when the sobbing of a child attracted their notice, and they soon discovered a wretched half- starved little croaturo crouchiug by the roadside who piteously begged for food. After a short consult ation tho brothel's agreed to share their little stock of food with the child, aud having done so once more proceeded on their way. and were soon at the castle gate, where they were mot by an old woman who told them that she was blind and had wandered out of her way, and begged them to lead her into tho town. Tho brothers heai tatod a moment, and then Leonard said: 4 No; we have business of our own that we cannot put off. Keep walking on straight bofore you and you cannot go wrong; theu you will most likely soon meet somebody who can direct you further.' ' Suppose she should got lost: remarked Horman when they had gone a few paces. ' I can't help it if she does. Wo have been delayed enough already. It seems douo on pur pose.' ' I don't think it was a woman at all; I believe it one of the ghosts out of tho haunted room.' ' Nonscuse! If you talk like that already you will nevor bravo the treasure-room. Sho looked to mo uncommonly like our grandmother whom Myra takes buch cure of at homo. Well, here we uro at lust; now, let us sec.' It was tho first timo the brothers had entered the ruined übodo of their ancestors, and thoy gazed curiously round us thoy crossed tho courtyard overgrown with weeds and nettles und littered with rubbish, and then passed up tho time-worn steps into tho cntrauco hall. This was large and lofty, and embellished with many quaint aud curious curving*.. There were many openings into it, some ft ill barred with doors, and others o])cu altogether. Hero they made their first piuse, aud, after onsultiug their chart, aud considering tho hall, they picked out a low arched doorway iv tho dis tant corner as the proper cutrance to the maze. The cuto was of massivu iron bars, curioiißly wrought and heavy with lust, uu-.l the united strength of tho two youths was required to force it open, and as boou as the}' had paused through and lot it go it closed behind thorn with a terrific crash, and they were locked iv tho ;na/c. They gazod round half startled; tho light was very dim aud camo from narrow chinks near the roof, tho width of the passage heiug about fSft., aud every few yards a branch passage started from it, leading away into the hidden mysteries of tho ma/.e. Leonard aud Hermau new secured one end of the cord to the door and, unravelling the ball as thoy went, began their journey, ordering their steps according to tin-plan of tho el.art they h:ul studie.l soling. Hour alt-r huiir passed away, aud .still they r-tiugglivl on in tip- dim uii'vrtiiu light. Many things happened to try their courago and shake their resolution. Dark shadows flitted past them with noisolcss troad aid vanished away <v tho maze; footsteps sounded bsside thorn, but no visible shape followed their tread. Peals of mocking laughter would burst upon them suddenly and thon die away in ghostly echoes that chilled their very blood. Their own voices when they spoke to ea?h other woro utterly changed, and noithor rocoguisod the holiow quivering tone of tho other; but still they hold their way bravely on; young as thoy were they were well stocked with the courage of their race, aud they had undertaken this enterprise either to win or perish in the attempt, aud so no word of re treat was whispered, but steadily they pushed on hand in hand, aud at last woro rewarded by find ing themselves at the secret door of the treasure room. If it had not been for the chart thoy would never have kuowu where it was. It seemed exactly liko ono of tho buttrot-sas with which tho maze was so plentifully supplied, but utter oxamining it carefully for some time they found a stoMO in it quite loose, aud whou this was ro moved an onou ug largo onough to admit a hand was revealed. Leonard immediately passod iv his hand und, pressing hard upon a spring inside, the buttress slipjwd usido ou a socket, loaviug uu opening large enough for ouo person to pass through. Herman was the first to outer, Leonard followed, aud as ho withdrew his baud the but tress slipped b:ick into its place without a souud, aud tho brothers were iv tho haunted trcasuro-room. It was dark, iulouscly, oppres sively dark, and the air was burdened with n damp earthy scent, and all so utterly silent that they could distinctly hear tho beating of their own hearts. With fingers trembling more from excitement than from fear, Loouurd struck a match and lighted a caudlo, aud the dim light of that solitary taper showed them a low, dark, narrow room, with a stone floor worn away down tho centre as if with the pacing of numberless feet for ages. The light did not sbiue to the far end of tho room, aud from its darkness came iorthu figure which appalled them more than anything they had .yet seen or heard. It was a muu iv armour, with his visor down. Costly diamonds, strings of pearls and rubies, chains of golden coins fettered tho limbs and encircled the ghastly figure, which paused not in its steady march down the centre of the room, though at every step a moan as of deop-seated lons-endured pain burst from it. But wheu it reached the two brothers, who, if the truth must be told, had rc troated b°fore it to the farthest corner of tho room, it suddeuly stopped, and addressed them thus: •So you hav3 come at last! I have waited weary centuries here alono for you, but now you have como. Welcome to the treasure-room of the Ormoudes! What name do you bear r' IWe are the last of the Ormondes,' said Leonard, 'we and ono sister who is at home; and we have come to claim tho treasure, which is ours by right.' ' Good ! said the mail-clad spectre, rubbing its steel-gloved hands together. ' But listen to in% my children, for I am the last of the name who bore rule within these walls. It was I who built the maze and treasure-room and gathered into it all I could win or plunder—it mattered not which to me then—and who for my crimes was con demned to find my prison here, and to carry about unceasingly day and uight these weary ages all the ill-gotten wealth I had gathered, till its burden Has made me what you seo. And, now that you know this, are you willing to share in the spoil of the Ormondes ?* 1 Certainly,' said Leonard, for Hermau hesitated to answer; • for we iutend to put it to good use, and, as all those are dead whom you have wrouged, who can have a better right to it than we?' • Then take what you will from my treasures, for it is decreed that when I am eased of them, and only then, I shall bo at rest.' ' But,' said Herman, ' has uo ono vi«ito:l you all these years for that purpose V Mmy have gone iuto the maze, but we nevor saw them again.' ' They wont into tho maze, suro enough, aud thoro they stay to wander as I have done. Thoy were tho shadows ycu saw, aud theirs were tho footsteps you hour las you came through. Thoy laughed bocauso thoy expected you boou to join their ranks in endless wandering. You your selves could uover have entered this room, not withstanding tho chart you discovered, if you hud not this day done somo kind aud merciful act which caused you somo self-denial, for—and mark those words —jruolty built theso walls, and only mercy can opuu the doors.' 1 hen Leonard uud Hormau romembero 1 the old mm and the child they had helped ou their way to the castlo, though with somo uneasy recollec tions of the old woman they had sent away, and they were so elated with their success that they at onco proceeded to tako possession. ' I will reliove you of your gold,' sai 1 Leonard; ' that which has been a burdcu to you so long shall ease my burden—the burden of poverty.' ' Aud I will tike the jowels,' said Herman. Aud the two brothers bogan to uutwist tho gold and jewels from the Baron's ttjol- cliid limbs and body and to fill their own capacious pockets mid bags with the store. But, before they had half finished, tho gold aud stouos like liviug snukes of fire crept swiftly around them, aud pressed them in a grasp no power of theirs could break or overcomo, uud while they wo o struggling to free themselves a trap door oponed bancath them; they disappeared within it and it closed over them, aud only tho weird spoet.ro was left in the hauntod room. ' Unworthy !' it moaned; • the last of my r.ie.o me unworthy, aud who can buvc them Jrjin their doom r' In the meantime Myra in her humble homo flitted about her duties with double zeal. Sho was so young and girlish that over aud huou somo bright merry carol broke from her lips as a thought of her divain cros-o I her mind. Nune liow it m.ulc her feel hopeful and joyous ; perhaps Lcouard and Herman would return with S'miu good news, and times would bo brighter soon. Poor Myra! there was a heavy trouble m utoru for her. That eveuing a person callod to sco her brother?, and hearing that thoy had gone away for a few Jays ou business seemed surprised, mid as bo turned to go Myra heard him saying to h m self: •Strange ! I felt suro I saw them both near tho old castle this afternoon.' Ho was ironc, but Myra stool mot ionics, stricken to the heart with n. terrible fear. The truth darted upon her at mice—hur brothers had gone into tli>' castle in search of the treasure, aud what had befallen them ': Perhaps they wen.' already swallowed up in the dn-adful nia/o or torn to pieces by thngobliiiMof the treasure-room. A bitter ciy •■sriiprtl her a< sli"1 wrung her kimls iv the uttii 'helplessness of her anguish, t'l-rh-iw Could she, a Weak helpless trill —;i roward "I-. Leonard li;H cnlVd lut—aid them ni.v/: 1 What is the matter, Myra, ray dear child *• said a soft swoet voice, ami startiug tip Myni raw thiit tlio old womau was watching hor with oyos of loving pity, itiul, forgetting iv her trouble how struugo it was that tho poor croaturo should even speak to her, Myru poured out the story of he r trouble. ' This is serious iudoed,' said tho agod woman. ' If your bi'others havo found thoir wny to tho treasute-room they will cortainly perish there; you alouo can save them if you will bo brave.' • Alas! what cau I do \ If I could only save them I would willingly give my lifo, but how is it to bo dono '?' 'Qo at ouce to the caitla alone. I will tell you tho secret of tho haunted treasure-room. It is this: "Cruolty built tho walls; only Mer%y can unbar tho doors.'' You will find your way safely; never fear for that.' 'Thou I will go at ouco,' said Myr.i, starting up. ' Heaven grant that I may not be too Into, and bleas you abundantly for this kindness you have thown mo!' And Myru kissnd the poor withered cheek before she left her, and hurried as faßtasher feet could hear her to Castlo Ormondo. A terriblo uncertainty seemed to besot hor, what i-he should do ur what she should find; but she put it ri'Holutuly aside. ' All I havo to do at present is to get to tho castlo us quickly as possible, then the next thing will coino of itself,' she thought us sho hurried along. Night hid rkned in before tho old gray turrets Rhadowcd her path, and a decrepit old woman wrappi d in a long black cloak with the hood pulled over her faeo, an I, feoling hor way with a stick, cal'od to hor: 1 Will you ah(.w mo my road, friend: lam old and blind, I havo wandered out of my way, and night is advancing.' 'Good mothor. loin on my arm,' siHMyia; ' let me know whero you would go, for I am in sore husto, and my errand is one of lifo or death.' ♦I would go to tho ontrauee gate of Castlo Ormoudc,' said tho old wnmuu, as sho took the ottered arm; and thou Myra, with a startled cry, recognised in her companion tho old invalid she hud so lately left helpless in her chair at homo. • Foir not, Myra,' she said. ' I will go with you into the haunted treasure-room.' And t'icu the girl felt the haud that had been linked with herd for support grasp her own in a firm strong clasp, aud she was borne swiftly along into the entrance hall and to the door of the ni'ize, which opened at ouco to the touch of Myia'a haud. Once iv the muzo they took up the clue of cord the brothers hud left, aud soon reached tho fatal door of tho haunted room. ' Now Myra,' said the old wcinau, • you must go iv first, and speak aud act as you ahull Hud occasion; I will follow, but it id not permitted to me to speak.' As soon as Myra touched the old buttress it slipped aside w.th a swift noiseless movement, aud the next moment sho aud her cimp miou were within iho tro.u»uro-room. Tho taper Leouarl had lighted still buruod, and tho uu happy Baron still pticod the stouo lloor, moaning beneath his weary burdon of gold. Myra shuddered in every norvo ot* hor body as tho spectre iv armour approached, and thou p-ius-'d beforo her. 4 What! auothor visitor to tho trea3ure-ronn of the Ormondes to-night ': Are you, too, of that ill-fated race r' ' Ah, then, my bnthois are hero,' gasped Myra quickly. ' ¥os,l am un Ormonde. Where are my brothers ?* 'Here are the treasures of Ormonde, gold and diamoudB—which will you havo':" askod the Baron. 'I do not waut them; I never thought gold could look so hideous; tell me, where are my brothers':' 'Your brothers havo doomod thomselves, therefore yours is thn treasure ot the Ormondes. As your hauls are full of mercy, your hauds alouo cau remove this burdeu from me, for until it it remove 11 cannot be at rest.' • I will take it from you, but I will not keep it, only sot my brothers free,' said Myra. as with trembling ringers she uitwisted the oils of gold aud jewels from the spectro, aud as sho did so flung them down on tho floor with a goituro of abhorroucc. As soon as the tusk w.u completed the Baron gave v sigh of rcliof aud said: ' At last my burden is removed and I can be at peace. Tho treasure of the Ormondes is yours, Myra, tho ouly worthy branch of the old tree." *Xo, I will take nothing out of thii dieu Iful room,' cried Myra, dropping on her kuetw ami coveriug hor face with nor hauds. ' Only give me back my brothers.' Thoro was a sileuco in tho hauuto I ror>in—a sileuco that told that the srell was broken—aud tlu ii a soft voico whispered: 'Myra, you have conquered; rise up, dear child.' Ami as she did so tho trapdoor opened and Leonard and Herman came forth staggeriujr to tho light, bound baud and foot with their cruel fetters, which by this timo were cutting iuto their veiy flesh aud would soou have crushed them to death. Myru alou-j could free them, which she did with wildest joy, aud embraced them tenderly. Then, looking round, auothor wonder greeted them. The spoctro of tho doomed Bwnn was gone—laid at rest for evor—and thei c iv it i place stood a radiant angol throwiug oft" a cloak, which boto tho resemblance of a frail old woman, and as Myra s'ood Hbishod tlio angel lightly touched her head with blessing fingers, aud said : ' Yes, my children, I am tho guardian spirit of the House of Ormonde, and have lived among you in tho guise of infirmity to try you and prove if you wero worthy t:> return to the houso of your fathers. Through Myra the trotisurc of the Ormondes returns to you at last: use it well and it will prove a blessing; grow wiser in mercy, and you will bo stronger and richer than gold* rim over make you. Take lig.iin the possession of your unc stors, for tho ourso is removed.' They were standing ulouk together, Myra, L"oimrd. und Herman, with hamlK clasped to gether. Tjiovc wa» gold lying ut their foot, enough to make them richer than an> iv thn laud, but that was not. tin; eiuso of the joy they fi;!t; thov wore united closer than they hail ever been before. A iihw light had .streamed in upon them, and they undurntood fho dilfor*!iuai> between tho value of gold-bought vurvicu and the devotion of true-hearted a flection. So the last of the ruco wero restored. Tho maze and treasure-room wero pulled down nnd t!ie castle repaired in modern fitvle, and it need scarcely he ad led Ihut Myra's dream rii'iiu juoro beautifully true than over it had appeared iv the night wiitchos ; and the Christmas true and tho lnrpu-he;irted hospitality of the swi o:. young lady of Cistle Ormonde were the tlieinn of every touv'U", and Lcuurd and Herman vol with her in good depds, for they, too, were learning tho Hvvoet; old lesson of ' IVaee 011 earth, good-will to mm,' as they had never understood it before. Tn Diivoiisl.il'.;, if tlio sun sliiii'-- luk'li'ly :■[ iinxn .'ii ('hi i itiii.is I);iy, :i i I w<\\* >t";ii>|'l>.'i<. it is s n>]>'i : ;i: 1, n::iv li- r\j< •iM.-il in tin t'i.>l'..>\viiii_' Vl' if. 