NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. Mr. Copeland, M.L.A., is inspecting mineral fields at Cobar. The customs dues at Wilcannia for December last amounted to j£2177. The Sydney trades hold a grand fair in the Exhibition-building on the 28th inst. Friday and Saturday, 27th and 28th inBt., are to be observed as centennial holidays. A girl named Elliott died at Lambton frightful agony through eating wild berries. Queensland reports that the rabbit army mustering in force along the Watrego River. Mr. C. L. Badham, lately C.P.S. at Armi dale, has been appointed police magistrate Walgett. The number of failures in New South Wales during December was 103, with liabilities amounting to £74,615. The railway extension from Tenterfield the Queensland border is to be opened for traffic on the 16th inst. Mr. Thomas Bowe, the architect, and Mr. Charles Hellmrich will be freetrade candidates lor the Paddington vacancy. The Royal Commission appointed to inquire into the working of the civil service held their first meeting last Tuesday. Mr. Gale, M.P. for the Murrumbidgee, has sold out bis share of the Spectator, the weekly newspaper published at Manly. During the Christmas holidays 260,484 letters passed through the General Post Office, as compared with 253,541 in 1886. At the opening of the Centennial Park each of the Governors from the other colonies will probably be invited to plant a tree. The Customs receipts for 1887 show a de crease of £56,624, which Is traceable to the repeal of the ad valorem and other duties. The Premier on Friday declared that if he t was in office another year the railway from Eden to Bega would be an accomplished iact. The international boxing match between L, Foley and J. Burke will take place on the Carrington Ground, Sydney, on the 23rd inst. Owing to the unsettled state of the weather and the excessive rainfall, the farmers in the Crookwell district are despairing of the crops, The codlin moth is reported to be increasing in the Hyde district, and the apple-tree rootgrub is spreading through some of the orchards of Dura!. An Italian named Scilini made a savage assault with an axe upon a man named Gilbert; at Alexandria. Gilbert is in the Prince Alfred Hospital. Lord and Lady Carrington have promised to be present at the performance of the Cen' tennial Cantata in the Exhibition-building on the 30th inst. A widow woman named Dalziel tied her child to herself and jumped into Kakaia River at Ashburton, New Zealand. She was got out alive, but the child was dead. A Brisbane constable, named Wilson, was so roughly handled by larrikinB on New Year's Eve that he is still unable to attend the court to give evidence against them. Messrs. Gillies, Deakin, Cuthbert, Derham, D. M. Davies, and a Minister without portfolio, will represent the Victorian Government at the Sydney Centennial banquet. Michael Callaghan, a railway employl, living Bt Ultimo, was knocked down by a train at Darling Biarbor on Saturday, and died subsequently irom the injuries he received. Sir Patrick Jennings has returned, and although he had an interview with his successor in office immediately after arrival, it was stated to be ot a purely private nature. Hanlan and Neilson made a match last week lor £200 to row over the Grafton Centennial course in outriggers on 25th February. Han lan gives Neilson three lengths and a half start, It has been suggested that the colonies Bbould make a united gift to the Prince and Princess of Wales on the occasion of the celebration of their silver wedding on March 10, Alderman John Harris has entered upon his duties as Mayor of Sydney. He intends to carry out an equitable system of retrenchment among the corporation officials and servants. The yield of the Croydon goldfield since the opening has been 31,307oz. of gold from 10,904 tons stone, being an average of 2oz. 17dwt lOgr. to the ton. The gold yield for last year was 29,153oz An old man named James Bunton cut his throat in a horrible manner near Goulburn, and afterwards inflicted a severe wound on bis forehead with a hammer. He is in a precarious condition. On the three days before Christmas Day 135,821 letters and packets containing Christmas cards were delivered by the Sydney letter carriers. The number on the same days in 1886 was 160,195. Beach's recent victory over Hanlan caused great excitement and disappointment in America. The Americans are anxious to promote eculHng matches between Beach and Teemer, and Beach and Gaudaur. The Qnpenslsnd Premier has promised a deputation that he well Beize every opportunity at the forthcoming Federal Council of talking over the Chinese question with the representatives of the other colonies. A new fibre has come into the roaiket. It is made from the leaves of the pineapple tree, ai.d is eaid to te eo fine and strong that a fabric called pinecloth is expected to drive silk largely out of the market. A correspondent suggests the advisability of inviting to the Centennial festivities allpersons born prior to the present century. There is no objection. Let them all be invited. A separate table for centenarians would be a feature of the fihow.- It is understood that the land on the Paddington side of the proposed Centennial Park is not to be sold, hut that all the sites on the other sides will lie. available to persons who desire to possess them. A New York cablegram received by the Sydney branch of the Equitable Life Association ot the United States, states that the company have issued new policies during the past year amounting to £28,750,000. Pending legislation on the subject, the Minister for Lands has removed the conditions as to the employment of rabbiters, and has decided that the maximum subsidy for rabbit destruction shall be one-fourth of cost instead of three-fourths as heretofore. The Government have appointed a Royal Commission, consisting of the Hon. G. E. Cox, Major Penrose, and Mr. J. C. Moore (police magistrate of Queanbeyan), to inquire into the allegations made respecting the construction of public tanks and wells in this colony. Mr. Sutherland informed a deputation on 6th inst. that there was a private individual who would have an electric motor on one of the tramlines within a fortnight, and they would then be able to show the people how they could be carried by lightning. The total expenditure laBt year was £9,098,460 4s. 9i. The estimated receipts for 1887 were £8,458,225, but the actual receipts were £8,589,000, or an excess of £130,775. Mr. Burns estimated a deficiency at the end o! 1887 of £156,051, but this has been reduced o £25,275. The Primate has received another donation to the Church Centennial Fund of £1000froin a " friend," who will not allow his name to appear. The Centennial Board for the province, meeting to organise the general appeal for the fund, will be able to start with a list of above £15,000. The Australasian Institution of Marine En gineers was formed in 1880. It has now 800 members, and a substantial deposit in the bank of some thousands. Every member must be a skilled professional man. The secretary, Mr. T. O. Hay, is an energetic officer, devoted to his profession. A sad fatality occurred at Hexham to a youth named Henry Rice. It appears that he was driving a milkcart, and a wallaby rushed across the road, when the horse shied and bolted. The cart was overturned, and the unfortunate youth injured to such an extent that he died shortly afterwards. A horse with a tin can tied to its tail galloped about Cootamundra the other day at a terrific pace, the poor animal appearing to have gone mad with fright. This may be fun to some people, but a cruel joke to play on a docile beast; besides, the consequences might have turned out to be very serious. Reports have come to hand of the discovery of apparently payable quartz reefs on Borara station, near Hungerford. A strong party of experienced miners will likely leave here soon to open up the country. Should gold be discovered there, it will in all probability .be a continuation of the Mount Brown country. At the Victoria Theatre, Newcastle, last Friday, during a performance by Holloway's company, a false alarm of fire was raised "in the :pit. The telegram says a panic ensued amopgst the audience, but upon Mr. Holloway coming to the footlights and explaining that there was no danger, order was restored, and the play proceeded. The Gundagai Times states that a movement is on foot to send a team of cricketers from the southern districts of the colony to play in Sydney during the centennial celebrations. Kaysfer, M'Evoy, and Freeman are mentioned as representatives of Gundagai; Fraser, Joyce, and Anderson, of Tumut; Curtis and Page, of Adelong; Perryman and Hardy, of Waeea Wagga. An interesting mounted sword contest took >lace at Bondi on Saturday between Captain 3\. N. Jennings, who claims to be the cham- >ion all-round swordsman of the world, and Sergeant Donovan, broadsword champion of Australia. The contest, which was witnessed by about 10,000 persons, was won by Donovan, who scored seven. points to six. Jennings retired ill before the specified number of attacks had been made. The Bega Standard of the 31st December states :—" We learn that several of our farmera who have been manfully struggling with hard times, low prices, and in some cases high rents, have decided to give the district best and' betake themselves over the border into Gippsland. Under a more liberal and reasonable Government they expect to make better headway than even in the prolific South Coast district of New South Wales." It is satisfactory to note that the Clarence River Centennial Aquatic Carnival has established the fact that in Searle, the winner of the outrigger race, we have a very promising young sculler. It is to be hoped that the Clarence man will find his way to Sydnev shortly, and also that he will enter for the wager-boat race at the Centennial Regatta, as many of the lovers of aquatics would like to see him on the harbor waters. A singular accident (says the Brisbane Courier) occurred to a young married mqnt named John Burneys. It appears Burneys was on horseback and was cantering his horse down an incline, when the horse threw him over its head. In bis descent Burneys must have fallen by the horse's head, for a portion of the bridle-bit entered his mouth, piercing the roof and dividing the arteries. Besides this his head and face were badly bruised. Six young men started for a cruise from Auckland, which it was intended to extend to 10 days, in the yacht Truant When outside the harlour in the Hauraki Gulf the jacht capsized, and four of the occupants—viz, Debney and Bankhart, artists, Hammond, son of) well-known architect, and Armstrong—were drowned. The other two were good swimmers, and after swimming for two miles succeeded in reaching the shore, though in a very exhausted condition. A little girl named Lowe was accidentally shot dead last week at Tumbulgum. It appears that a man named Truitt had been out shooting, and returningin the evening be placed a loaded gun in a room were the girl and boy named Stanley were playing. In the absence of Truitt the boy took the gun and pointed it at the girl. He s»id in play, " I'm going to shoot you." The gun exploded, and the charge went through the girl's eye, and lodged in the back of her head. The detection of frauds seems to be uppermost in the minds of Sydneyltes of late. No sooner had the medical quack frauds effervesced and gone flat again, than the exposure of fortune-tellers or revealers of the future has commented. Sydney must indeed have her full complement of fools, or such a large number of clairvoyants, card-readers, and various other kind of fortune-tellers would not be able to make from £3 to £5 per week by the exercise of their so-called "profession." A new idea in fishing is being started on the coast between Coogee and Maroubra bays. Posts about 7ft. high are fixed in the rocks all along the coast, to which is attached No. 6 wire, which is to be run out from each post and anchored a long distance away in the sea. Lines are looped on to those wires, and slid down into the ocean. When a fish IB hooked, it is hauled up the wire to the surface of the water, where a small net is fixed to receive it, and convey it the remaining distance to the shore. Mr. Fowler, of Messrs. Fowler and Lambert, Wingham (remarks the Manning Timet of December 31), missed a favorite mare a few days ago, and could not imagine where she had got to, until informed by some one that she was caught in some vines about 40ft. down a precipice, not far from his residence. It iB supposed that she was chased by some other horses and fell over, some two days before she was discovered ; but how she escaped with her life, and only a few wounds and bruises, after falling Buch a distance, is a matter for surprise and wonder. The Town Clerk of Bourke has been missing for nearly a fortnight, and no trace of him can be found, except that he got on the train at Mooculta siding, 20 miles from Bourke, and was seen in Nyngan, but he had not been seen or heard of since. Alderman Daniell informed the council that, by request, he had roughly gone through the books and accounts, and so far as he could see they were all correct, though great negligence had been shown m not having many of the accounts posted up. Tne council resolved to have a special audit of the books by a professional accountant, A Bundaberg (Queensland) paper says :— A young man engaged as a teamster between Mount Perry and Eidsvold had a narrow escape from being crushed to death recently. He was dnving down Normanby range, and went forward to screw down the brake In doing so he fell against the embankment, ihere seemed no possible way of preventing the wheels of the five-ton-laden waggon passing over his body, but by sheer coolness he withdrew himseU as far away as ha could. 1 he wheel graazed along his trousers, and finally We nt over his foot, severely crashing it between the toes and instep." A Goulburn jury has returned a rather peculiar verdict. A man was charged with having forged an order for the payment of money; and there was a second count as usual, charging him with having uttered it knowing b e e n Wed. There was no doubt / ? ™K «"> order. He admitted it; a n and h a his d r defence f t w n was that he believed that he was authorised to do so The ST*" .'T count, and then found him 6 1 guilty 1 of t h uttering-a e firat document which was not a forgery at all. Juries have queer notions sometimes, but this certainly was one of the queerest on record. Islip Close, a youth of 14 years, who arrived y fromEogland by the s.s. Oroya about a monS ago was placed m quarantine at Balranald with his uncle, Mr. Wm. O. Close, mayo? of the town, for some days last week, on aSoun of his having developed an eruption ofX skin which was thought to be small-pox! Dr Thompson who was despatched from Sydnev tttSS authorities to examine the i/, stated that the case was not one of small-no* at Ubertv The " ^ at liberty. The 1 general opinion is that the case is a mild form of chicken-pox. or an ir,i tat,on of the skin caused by J ^ ' Z b?tea The Uralla and JValdia Times has the following.-"Mr. M. Walcb, juT 0"Sais bury Plainp, can fairly claim'to hLve belten the record for snake-killing this seion. O n e day last week on Salisbury Plains, he saw two young snakes, which ran into the mouth of another one, of the black species, thS WM near at hand. He quickly killed the reptile, and on opening it Walsh discovered 12 young ones, all very lively. These snakes were also killed, and a few moments after Walsh discovered at the BBme spot another snake, a brown one, about 5ft. long. This was likewise killed, making 14 snakes destroyed la one day." The inquiry re the escape of the prisoners from Gralton gaol was held by visiting Justice M'Dougall. Warders Ryan and Gibson were held blameless, and reinstated. The. escapees were brought before the police magistrate and committed for triaL The evidence of Warder Drinkwater and Constable Tooley was conflicting. Each claimed to making the arrest, independent of the other. Drinkwater's story was borne out by several witnesses, who stated Constable Tooley was thirty yards away when Drinkwater made the arrest. The constable's evidence is that the warder was two yards behind the prisoners when he made the arrest. The revenue returns are much better than was anticipated. The receipts for November and December show a decided improvement in the returns from the railways, customs, excise, stamps, postal and telegraphic services, the mint, public school fees, land sales, and mining occupation. There are decreases in receipts of tramways of more than £9000, and in the receipts from pastoral occupation of £35,000. There is a nett increase of £135,775 in receipts, as compared with Mr. Burns's estimate made in November, and the deficit has thereby been reduced to £25,275, besides which £268,000 due by pastoral lessees has been deferred. The Board of Technical Education directed the instructor in agriculture of the, Sydney Technical College, during bis lecturing tours in the country districts, to collect a number of grazing, farm, and garden soils from the various districts in New South Wales. The majority of these soils have been.analysed at the Technical College by the instructor in chemistry, and described by the instructor in agriculture, and a work is now in type, and under revision for press, giving the EeBnltd of these examinations. This large collection of representative soils of the colony will be shown at the forthcoming Centennial International Exhibition of the Agricultural Society. A very serious accident occurred at ,<3illenbah to a youth named John Harvey, employed in the Narandera Argus office—a son of Mr. J. Harvey, now of Bfarden, and who will be remembered as engaged under, the Railway Department for a number of years in Narandera. A quoit, carelessly thrown at the conclusion of the game, struck him on the head, and fractured the skull. Dr. Mitchell was fortunately upon the ground, and the patient's escape from death is due in no small measure to that gentlemau's unremitting attention. Added to this, a strong constitution, moist favourable weather, and assiduous care at the hospital, will undoubtedly pull him through a Bevere crisis. Rather a good story (says the Tamoorth News ot Friday) is going the rounds about a firm not a hundred miles from Tamwortb, who, having a large supply of 1885 calendars still on hand, determined to utilise tliem for 1888\. They therefore erased the figures 1 and 5, making the headline read "Calendar for 88." In this form they issued them to their customers. Unfortunately, however, the days on which the first of January in each year fell did not correspond, New Year's Day. 1885 being on a Thursday, and that of '88 on a Sunday. Thus the sell was very soon discovered and exposed by the poor simple folk on whom this little economical deceit had been practised. The unveiling of the statue of the Qaien, to take place during Centennial celebration work, will be performed by Lord Carrington. The members of Parliament, the foreign Consuls, the Mayor and aldermen, and distinguished visitors to Sydney at the time, will be invited to be present. The L-edartafel societies are to be requested to attend and give some vocal selections, and the friendly societies and naval and military forces will also be invited. A large number of school children will sing the National Anthem. Ltxe irades Societies have made arrangements for a grand procession through the principal streets, and for an Old English fancy fair in the Exhibition Building. Mr. Joseph Hatch, chemist in Invercargill, New Zealand, and late member of the Assembly, is a notorious talker; in fact he would go very near eclipsing our own Neild h A ? ? -" Bfieently, however, he had to a t pay c h for n t , m the e privilege ot letting his tongue wag At the official declaration of the ] Mil, he, a defeated candidate, charged Mr. W. Henderson, a much-respected officer of the S upreme Court , who was Registrar of Electors and Returning- officer, with having "used his f 'I'flience the election, and was no t V o J°® a dog in the street" Defendant pleaded h e c e privilege, t h a n and denied that Pl!;n^ Plaintiff got ? -V e m judgment ' derou8, being facts. D e r e 6 for an £50 damages. A man named John Irvine, residing at May- Fr tr - v., / ' attmpt last r e t , d n e y m a d e t 0 c o m m i t eiicide by cutting his throat with a pen-knife. Irvine had lately ^ drink, and he had frequently S X T , t bi^elf. OnFriday K J ® t o d s * t r o y were chatting J f t n ° d 8^d<mly hi b r o l b Irvine e t walked to a w h e RIfl h? ^ u - ' toenleft the room. but wSl l n ' e d J*" 6 !?, k D i suspicious, , e a u d followed him, but before r he had 11 time to arrest his hand the would-be suicide bad inflicted a wound on his throat about 3fin. long and lin. deep. The matter was reported to the police, and Irvine was removed to the Sydney Hospital, where he is now lying in a very critical condition. A shocking accident happened at Glebe last week. A milkman out of kindness gave an old lady of about 70 years of age a "lift" in hie cart. While serving his customers the horse bolted, and collided against a lamp. The poor woman was jammed against the post, and owing _ to the struggles of the frightened horse, it was some minutes before she could be extricated. When being backed to release the woman, the animal rushed forward and smashed the woman fearfully against the lamp-poBt. The Bight was a sickening one. The woman's leg was mangled frightfully, and the boneB protruded through the flesh. She was taken to the hospital, but can hardly recover. While trying to save the woman the driver had one arm badly broken. A minute has been issued by the Government to the heads of the various departments in the Civil Service, informing them that all Government officials who have reached the age of 60 years are expected to retire at once from the service. There is, however, a provision in the minute that the Ministerial head of any department may retain any officer whose special knowledge or qualifications may render his services of value to the State. A discretionary power is vested in the Ministers to deal with each case on its merits. It is expected that the result of this step will be a considerable saving in the public expenditure. It is probable that the permanent heads of two of the departments will, under the new arrangement, retire from the service at an early date. The Brisbane Courier says :—" The striking of a bountiful supply of artesian water at Barcaldine is scarcely less important than the discovery of a new goldfield would have been. A column oi water spouting 20ft. into the air, out of a bore 690ft. deep, and discharging at the rate ot 200,000 gallons a day, will be worth thousands a year to the colony. Assuming the consumption, where water is laid on, to be, as in the city of Brisbane, 40 gallons per head of the population, this one bore would accommodate a community of 5000 people. But, as a matter of fact, it would with economy provide for the ordinary wants of double that number of persons, for to the people in the arid district of Barcaldine 40 gallons a day for each inhabitant would seem a prodigal allowance." The proposed conference of colonial Postmasters-General will probably take place in Sydney on the 16th or 17th instant, instead of in Adelaide on the 23rd. The questions for consideration will have a wider range than was at first anticipated, and will include matters relating to the establishment of the new ocean mail service, the rates at which the non-contributing colonies may send mail matter under the new contract, the right of Queensland to make surcharges on packages to that colony from Victoria, and the readjustment of the cable subsidies paid to the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company. Mr. Derham (Victoria) has acquiesced in all the proposals made by the New South Wales Postmaster- General, but replies have not yet been received from the other Governments concerned. During the small hours of New Year's morning a party of jovial spirits under the leadership of a bulky ex-alderman sallied forth to give the residents of Bondi and Waverley a treat. These gentlemen went from house to house, carrying with them a portable public-house. The enthusiasm of these gentlemen at leaving the cares of the old year behind them carried them to excesses which they otherwise would not have indulged in, and was nearly the means of getting one of them a broken head. It occurred in this manner : They called at an elegant cottage on the Bondi-road, the proprietor of which, thinkingthey wereof the larrikin type,armed himself with a "Tipperary rifle," and was just about landing a crusher on the leader's cranium when he was arrested in the action by the voice of an old friend. At the end of 1886 there were 2833 common schools in New South Wales, 226,860 scholars enrolled upon their books. It took 5659 teachen to impart instruction to these children. The average cost per child of the average attendance to the State in 1885 was.£6123. l£d.; in Victoiia it was only £6 2s. 2Jd.; in South Australia, £5 7s.; and in Queensland, £5 7b. 8£d. In 1886 there were 647 private schools in New South Wales, with 1808 teachers and 38,766 scholars. Of these private schools, 370 were undenominational, with 754 teachers and 10,143 scholars; 215 were Roman Catholic, with 896 teachers and 25,020 scholars; Church of England, 56 schools, 143 teachers, and 3373 scholars ; Wesleyan, 1 school, 5 teachers, and 46 scholars; Presbyterian, 3 schools, 8 teachers, and 99 scholars ; and Lutheran?, 2 schools, 2 teachers, and 85 scholars. During the passage of the steamer Rotomahana, which arrived at Sydney last week from Auckland, a somewhat peculiar incident occurred. At 1 p.m. on the 29th ultimo, when the Rotomahana was off Cape Maria Van Diemen, a slight shock was felt by some of the crew, but being slight no notice was taken of of it at the time. Daring the afternoon a large number of sharks were seen swimming round the ship. Next evening it was noticed that a large body of fish was fixed to the vessel's stem. The engines were at once eased down, which action released the obstruction, when it was discovered to be that of an immense shark, which had evidently been struck by the vessel, and kept in the same position by virtue of her speed. From the time of the slight shock being felt to the discovery of its nature the shark had been propelled a distance nf 380 miles. The death of Captain Fitzgerald is reported from London. The deceassd was Governor of Western Australia from 1848 to 1855, and his peculiar characteristics are pretty well known to many old residents of this colony. Mr. Wm. Hogan, of Paddington, tells one very amusing incident of his gubernatorial life. It was Governor Fitzgerald's habit to dress in a very ordinary if not slovenly manner. Oa one occasion he was more slovenly attired than usual,Jand, during his morning's constitutional, he stood to watch a gang of convicts at work. He was struck with the extraordinary elow and methodical stroke of one of a gang employed in breaking stones, and casually remarked to him, " Young man, if you persevere you will have that stone broken." " I guess, old boy," was the rejoinder, " that this stone lasts me all day." It is almost needless to say that the convict was not aware that he was talking to his lord and master. We regret exceedingly to have to report (observes the Monaro Mercury of December 31) a very serious accident that befel Mrs. Thomas Barry, of Moonbar. From information to hand we learn that last Friday Mrs. Barry while engaged in her household duties suddenly found flames rushing up her back, and in a moment her clothes were enveloped in flames. With great presence of mind she, instead of rushing out of doors, tried to put out the flames by wrapping bags around her, but the heat and pain were so unbearable that she laid down to die. At this moment a man named Scott fortunately appeared, and was about to throw water over the unfortunate lady when she with heroic fortitude cried out for him not to throw water or it would kill her, but to get wraps, which he lost not a moment in doing, and fortunately succeeded in putting out the fire. The unfortunate lady is progressing as well as can be expected. The Armidale Express states that as Mr. Gream's coach was in the act of crossing Baker's Creek at the Hillgrove Mines, an accident occurred which might have been attended with fatal consequences. Owing to the late heavy rains every rivulet was transformed into a roaring torrent, and creeks were flooded bank and bank. On the coach arriving at Baker's Creek with eight paesengers, two got out and would not face the " stormy water." After the coach got fairly in the stream the force of the current turned two of the horses round, the harness of one became entangled in a guide post, and the coach with its human freight was in imminent danger. Very plnckily one of the passengers divested himself of his clothing, and managed to reach the entangled and frightened horse, and to free him from his position. After another effort the crossing was effected safely, but it was a very narrow squeak for it at one time. During the year 1887 («ays the Pastoral Times of December 31) there have been 7957 shags killed in thiB district, and Mr. Wilshire, the local inspector of fisheries, has paid out the large sum of £132 12s. 4d. for their scalps. The increase this year in the number killed is an enormous one as compared with the previous two years, there being only 1145 scalps paid for in 1886 and 933 in 1885. The price paid is 6 J. per head for the large birds and 41. per bead for the small ones, and all the heads after being passed and paid for by the inspector have to be burned in the presence of a magistrate or a senior constable. These birds have a most voracious appetite for small fish, and as many as 50 and 60 have been found in one bird. It is a coincidence that with the large destruction of the shags there is a corresponding increase in the number of fish in the rivers. This year they are unusually plentiful, and lovers of the gentle sport have many opportunities for securing such hauls as are seldom taken from the local streams by amateur fishermen. If all juries performed their duties in the same way that 12 " good men and true " up at Mackay did the other day, it would be no great loss if the system were done away with or altered, as has been suggested, so that the Judge found the verdict and the jury imposed the punishment. A man named Norton was put on his trial at the District Court, charged with having committed an indecent assault. The Mackay Standard says that the jurors allege that when their foreman, in the case of Norton, had ascertained from his Honor the Judge that they must either find the prisoner guilty of an indecent assault or acquit him, that gentleman without further consultation declared the verdict to be one of not guilty. Strange as such conduct on the part of the foreman would appear to be, it is not more singular than the subsequent action of the gentlemen who allege that they were not again consulted. These latter acquiesced in the foreman's announcement ana walked out of the jury box without making any comment or in any way signifying their dissent from the verdict. A very sad caae of drowning (says the Deniliquin Chronicle) occurred in the Edwards River, a little below Warbreccan station, on Boxing Day, to a young man aged about 20 years, named Joseph Emery. The deceased was in the employ of Mr. Michael Kennedy, of North Deniliquin, and, together with James and Thomas Kennedy, Thomas Riley, and some others, went to Bpend the day fishing. In the afternoon they all went into the river lor a awfm, and in a few minutes Emery sang out for his companions to save him. Some of them believing that he was a good swimmer, did not take any notice of him, but the man Riley went to his assistance, but before he got to him deceased had disappeared in deep water. No further attempt was made to recover deceased. Information was given to the police, who shortly afterwards commenced to drag the river, and on the following morning the body of deceased was recoven d in about 15ft. of water, and close to where he sank. It was stated at the inquest that the deceased has a mother and relatives living at Belfast, Victoria. Says a recent issue of the Crookwell Gazette —" Never perhaps in the history of the colony has there been such unsettled weather as since June last. The country districts, although blessed with an abundance of pasture, have suffered to some extent from the excessive moisture, and the crops as a whole are not up to the average, and consequently the general yield will be low. Many farmers, having cut their hay crop prior to the recent rains, will have it destroyed by the wet, and the loss from this source alone will be something considerable. The wheat crop throughout the district is a light one. In the course of a couple of weeks, if warm weather sets in, reaping should be in full swing. A large area has been placed under potato cultivation this season, and so far as can be judged there is promise of a prolific crop. Fruit will also be plentiful. Taking the prospects of the harvest as a whole into consideration, it is Bate to predict that it will not be an encouraging one, and that, owing to the quantity of hay destroyed by the recent rains and the thin nature of most cereal crops, the yield all round will be far below the average of past seasons in the district." It has not been an uncommon practice in submitting claims for compensation for land taken for railway purposes, to demand amounts which are largely in excess of the real value of the land, and in some cases those concerned have not been content to abide by the liberal valuation of the Department, but have referred their claims to arbitration. As to the result of some of theBe references, we are informed that the vast majority of cases the valuation of the Department is upheld by the arbitrators. As evidence of thiB, one case is mentioned in which a claim for ,£2286 was made and the amount offered was .£875. The arbitrators, after taking evidence, decided that the amount offered was sufficient for the land, and in accordance with the arbitration clauses of the Railway Act this necessitated the claimant paying all expenses, which amounted to £511, thus reducing his compensation to £364, from which has to be deducted claimant's own coBts not included in the award. In another case the amount claimed was £1905 and the offer £1265. The amount offered was awarded by the arbitrators, and the claimant as in the other case, had to pay the costs, which have been fixed at £434. Referring to the flood in the Hunter, the Maitlamd Mercury says :—" We have heard of two narrow escapes from drowning, both in the vicinity of Largs. In the first case a man named Sooley, and a younger relative named Michael Guilfoyle, had returned from a distance, and attempted to reach the farm of the mother of the latter in Phoenix Park, although dissuaded from doing so. They proceeded some distance down the road, but owing to the horses getting restive they got off the road into the deep water, at the sides of the road. Both were in considerable danger ; but their plight being observed by Mr. Duff, he ran to where Mr. Johnson and Mr. D. Guilfoyle were lu a boat and called to them. In the meantime Sooley got back to terra firma, but young Guilfoyle had to be rescued by means of the boat. In the second case a man coming from Clarence Town to Maitland was nearly drowned at the Dunmore Bridge. On tbe Largs side of the bridge the roadway is low and was covered with water. The sides are very deep, and when coming across in a spring cart, the horse got off tbe roadway into tbe deep water. The man got on the fence at tbe side, and eventually both he and the horse were got out with the aid of ropes." From the particulars which were elicited at the inquest, and published in the Singleton Argus, on the body of the young man Jeremiah Dunn, who was drowned in the Merraine Creek, while attempting to cross, it appears that on the afternoon of the accident the deceased was at bis brother's house about a mile and a half from his father's residence, and, wishing to cross the creek to the latter place, he rode his horse into tbe water at the crossing place, but, the current being very strong, he was washed off his horse and carried down the stream, and soon sank beneath the water, never appearing again. Two of bis brothers saw the accident happening, but conld not render any assistance. The deceaeed's father and his brothers then watched the creek for some distance down, but the body was not found that evening. Early next morning tbe father of deceased, on searching along the bank of the creek, found the body ot his son washed against a stump near the bank, about three quarters of a mile below where he was drowned, with all the clothes on it except the coat and hat, which had been washed off. Deceased was 23 years old and unmarried. He was a fair swimmer, but tbe current in the creek was very strong, the flood being higher than any known for some years. The Manning River Times is responsible for the following gruesome ghost story :—" The apparition which caused a good deal of excitement a few months ago at Bungay has again made its appearance—so we learn from a creditable source. An old and much respected resident at Bungay (Mr. R. Cameron) was riding home from Wingham a few evenings ago, when a man dressed in black, wearing a high hat, and riding a black horse, rode up to him and gave a groan. Mr. Cameron was a bit unnerved, aud asked : ' Who is getting murdered?' The horseman is said to have given a heavy groan, and disappeared over a precipice of about 15ft. Mr. Cameron's horse was frightened, and bolted through the bush. Three nights later Mr. J. Cameron (son of the former) was riding home by the same route, and met with a like experience, when his horse bolted. The horses cannot now be got to pass : tbe haunted spot. Mr. Cameron inspected the spot where the strange being disappeared over tbe precspice the next day, but no traces of a horse's hoofs were visible. This intelligence has been received with amazement by many on the Upper Manning, as Mr. Cameron is too well known to be suspected of concocting a story like the above, and too sensible to be frightened by a will-o'-the-wisp." A meeting of persons favourable to the formation of a Land Nationalisation Society was held on 6th inst. inODO of the rooms of tbe Temperance-ball, Sydney. Although convened by obecure persons who are non-residents of Sydney, the attendance was large and tbe room inconveniently crowded. Tbe chair was filled by Mr. John Havnes, M.P. The speakers included Mr. W. H. Traill, who contested South Sydney some months since, and several agitators whose names have been associated with other movements of a novel character. Resolutions were unanimously adopted approving of the formation of a League in Sydney, and recognising " the good work " done in the past by exponents of the theory ot State ownership of land. It was arranged to hold a mass meeting at an early date. When tbe thanks of the meeting were being tendered to the chairman the protectionist part of tbe gathering evinced its displeasure at the selection of Mr. Haynes for the position. Groans were mingled with cheers, and those responsible for the meeting were loudly censured for allowing the control of the gathering to fall into the hands of such an aggressive freetrader as Mr. Haynes. A collection was taken up to defray expenses. An Augathella correspondent to the Gharleville Times writes :—" Having become somewhat overheated trying to run a refractory horse out of my paddock, I sat down in a shady spot to regain a more comfortable temperature, when after a while I became aware of something coming towards me in a straight direction. By the even rustling in the dead leaveB of the ground I knew it to be a snake. The spot on which I sat was perfectly void of grass for about two yards around me. I drew my feet under me in such a manner that I could rise at short notice, and awaited results. Before long his snakeship's head emerged from the ground at the margin of the bare place on which I sat, and on our eyes meeting he became motionleBS. Keeping my eyes on him I rose, when suddenly it ran in my miud that I read lately that if you placed your hat on the ground in front of a snake be would stay and watch it, and give you time to look for a stick wherewith to despatch him. I tried, and found it answered to perfection. I was away for fully a minute, and found the snake in exactly the same position aB I left him, namely, with his head about 6 inchee off the ground, with bis eye fixed intently on my hat. It was a large brown snake, measuring 5ft. 4in. in length, and 4fin. in circumference." The first of the three trials granted by the Railway Department to test tbe relative merits of the Wilkinson and the Evans combination cattle-trucks was concluded under the supervision of Mr. John Harper, of the Department. Two trucks, one of each type, were attached to the ordinary stock train which left Bourke at 7 a.m. on Tuesday, 3rd inst., and the journey to Homebush occupied until 5 o'clock next evening. The gross weight of the Evans car containing nine head ot bullocks was 12 tons 6cwt. 2qr., and that of the Wilkinson, containing a similar number of cattle, amounted to 13 tons 8cwt. 2qr., the net weight of the stock in each case being 5 tons 13cwt. lqr. and 5 tons lOcwt. 2qr. respectively. The test so far as temperature was concerned was not successful, as the thermometers were displaced during the journey, and their exact registration could not be obtained. When the train arrived at Homebush, it was seen that one of the bullocks had fallen down on the floor of the Wilkinson car, and it had to be assisted out of the compartment; but the whole of the stock contained in the Evans truck were landed eafely on their feet. The work of trucking stock into these cars was practically demonstrated at Bourke, when both the trucks were filled with cattle in five minutes. Two other tests are to be given before an opinion is to be obtained as to which patent is the more serviceable, aud it is intended that the next will be made with cattle trained from Bourke, and the final one will be accomplished with sheep trucked from Hay. The official report of the first trial will be submitted to theCommissioner of Railways in due form. As a gratifying instance of the mutual good feeling which should exist between shearers and their employers, it may not be uninteresting to quote the following, which appears in a recent issue of the Braidioood Dispatch :— " Shearing at Manar was concluded at the commencement of last week, and 50 tons of wool were obtained. The finish-up on Wednesday, on the eve of the centennial year of the colony, was celebrated in a marked and pleasant manner by Mr. and Mrs. Gordon treating the shearers and the people around Manar to one of the grandest and most success- ful soirees ever given in the district. Upwards of 120 persons were entertained in a most liberal and eamptnons manner, dancing being kept up with unflagging energy from half E »ast 7 o'clock in the evening till broad dayight on the following morning. The ball was held in Mr. Gordon's new shed, which is a splendid stone building 60ft. long by 19ft. in width, and which by its great size afforded the dancers plenty of room to enjoy themselves thoroughly. The supper was served on the shearing floor in an adjoining shed, a building 60ft. long by 33ft. wide, the shearing floor being 54ft. long and 10ft. wide. Mr. John Hush, on behalf of the shearers, proposed the health of Mr. and Mrs. Gordon for their kindness in giving such an enjoyable entertainment ; and Mr. Gordon, in returning thanks, expressed the great pleasure and gratification it afforded Mrs. Gordon and himself to entertain such a gathering and see them enjoying themselves. The whole thing from first to last was a grand success, and on leaving in the morning the guests gave three ringing cheers to Mr. and Mrs. Gordon for their great kindness in having taken so much trouble to enable all to so thoroughly enjoy them selves." A sad accident occurred recently in the office lately occupied by the A.M.P. Society, Queen-street, Brisbane, by which a labourer named John Coles was crushed to death. The building, says the Courier, is being altered for the Commercial Bank, and among the neces sary alterations is the removal of the strong room. The brick-work in the front of the strong-room had been removed, and the great iron door had been worked out by levers from its foundation on to some loose rubble. A labourer named James M'Jannett, who was working close to Coles, states that all the fastenings were right that morning when work was commenced, and most of the other men, including the contractor, maintain that Coles must have removed certain ropes, and give as their reason for eo thinking that the ropes might have been in the way of the unfortunate man and his barrow. The foreman of the works says that before the accident hap pened the door was standing at an angle, and was only supported by two guys behind and a wooden support in the front lodged under the beading of the door. He is of opinion that the guys were insecurely tied, and that the wooden support was accidentally knocked down by Coles while working. The dow, which doubtless weighs over 15c wt, fell with crushing force on the poor fellow's back, evidently striking him whilst in a stooping position. Immediately under his cheBt and face were several inch planks, and these were broken across. Poor Cole's face was terribly smashed, as well as his chest, while blood was oozing in quantities from the lett ear. Dr. Marks and Senior-constable Grant were soon in attendance, but life was extinct when they arrived. Coles was 54 or 55 years of age, and had only commenced work on the previous day. He leaves a young wife and two children. 