"Poets' Column; Dorothy in. the Garrett. In the low-raftered garret, stooping Carefully over the creaking boards, •: Old maid Dorothy goes a-groping '' Among its dusty and cob webbed hoafda; * Seeking some bandies of patches, hid Par under the eaves, or bunch of sage, r. Or satchel hung on its nail, amid . .The heirloom of a bygone age. "-.There is the ancient family chest, .There the ancestral cards and hatchel; . .Dorothy, sighing, sinks down to rest, Forgetful of patches, sage, and satchel. • -Ghosts' of faces peer from the gloom Of the chimney, where, with swifts and reel, And the long disused, dismantled loom, .; Stands the old-fashioned spinning-wheel., She sees it back in the clean-swept kitchen, \- A part of her girlhood's little world; . ** Her mother is there by the window, stitching ( Spindle buzzes, and reel is whirled •-Withmany a click; on her little steel Shesits, a child, by the open door, Her sisters are spinning all day long; To her wakening sense the first sweet warning Of daylight come Is the cheer/ul song To the hum of the wheel in the early morning. • Benjie, the gentle. red- cheeked boy. On his way to school, peeps in at the gate; lq noac white pinafore, pleased and coy, ' She reaches o hand to iier bashful mate; And under the elms a prattling pair. Together they go, through glimmer and gloom— " It all comes back to her, dreaming there . In the low-raftered, garret-room; The hum of the wheel and the summer weather, • -v The heart's first trouble and love's beginning, Are all in her memory liuked together; *L And now it is she herself that is spinning. With the bloom of youth on cheek and lip, •Turning the spokes with the Hashing pin, - \- Twisting the thread from the spiudle-tip, \- Stretching it out and winding it in, \- To and fro, with a blithesome tread, . ■' Singing she goes, and her heart is full, 1' -And many a long-drawn golden thread ." Of fancy is spun with the shining wool. • Her father sits in his favourite place. Puffing liis pipe by the chimney side; \- Through curling clouds his kindly face " Glows upon lier with love and pride. "Dulled by the wheel, in the old armchair, ?• Her mother is musing, cat in lap, With beautiful drooping head, and hair \ ...Whitening under her snow-white cap. ■ One by one, to the grave, to the bridal, . • They have followed her sisters from the door; . Now they are old, and she is their idol It all comes back on her heart once more. In the autumn dusk the hearth gleams brightly, The wheel is set by the shadowy wall— & VtBnil o» fito liftrwl HffJiflv \- chair is placed; the old man tips \- •. .The pitcher, and brings his choicest fruit; Benjie basks in the blaze, and sips, . And tells his story and joints lm iluto; . Ob, sweet the tunes, the talk, the laughter I : They fill the hour with a glowing tide; But sweeter the still, deep moments alter, When she is alone by Benjie'a side. But once with angry words they part; " - Oh, then the weary, weary days! • Ever with restless, wretched heart, * Plying her task, she turns to gaze . Far un the road; and early and late She narks for a footstep at the door, * And starts at the guat that swings the gate. And prays for Benjie, who comes no more. Her fault! O Ben jie, and could you steel Your thoughts toward one who loved you so !— Solace she seeks m the whirling wheel, In duty and love that lighten woe; Striving with labour, not in vain, * To drive away the dull day's dreariness Blessing the toil that blunts the pain Of a deeper grief in the body's weariness. Proud and petted and spoiled was she; A word, and her life is changed! His wavering love too easily In the great, gay city grows estranged; One year; she sits in the old church pew; A rustle, a murmur—O Dorothy, hide Your face and shut from your soul the view, 'Tis Benjie leading a white-veiled bride! Now father and mother have long been dead. And the bride sleeps under a churchyard'stone, And a bent old man with grizzled head Walks up the long dim aisle alone. Years blur to a mist; and Dorothy -Sits doubting betwixt the ghost she seems. And the phantom of youth, more real than she, • -That meets her there in that haunt of dreams. Bright young Dorothy, idolised daughter, •; Sought by many a youthful adorer. Life, like a new-risen dawn on the water, ,. Shining an endless vista before her! Old maid Dorothy, wrinkled and gray, Groping under tne farmhouse eaves— And lite was a bright November day That sets on a world of withered leaves! . Yet faithfulness in the humblest part Is better at last th«n proud success, And patience und love in a chastened heart Are pearls mere precious than happiness; And in that morning when she shaft wake To the spring-time freshness of youth again, Joic? Totossxb rBowBsmac. The waiter expostulates with the guest for summoning him by a snapping of thefingere, with the remark: "Are you calling for the dog, Birr' ''Goodness!1* exclaimed the guest, "you are a min i-reader r" "Why do you nekr" inquired the waiter. " Why,'* returned the guest, "I was about to ask for sausages." 