PAID IN FULL. PART II.-OULAPTER It. (OONTINUED).) "HAs she made you a confidant of the aoffair ?" said Darby, quietly, without turn. ing his gaze from the fire upon which it was fixoed. "Oh no, no, no, no I but we women see these things very sharp." " Who is the object ?" " Well, I can guess that also-only guess, monsieur. I know nothing, but I put this and this togother." " And who is the result ?" "Theodore Millet." " Ah, you mot him in Rochester ? " "Yes, but he did not say one word to me. But I have seen it along time when he came as a boy and when he and mademoiselle were together here. All, people take no notice of boy and girl, they forgot when they were young themselves. Now, I see the young man pale and lis.trfait at Riorhoster, and I find mademniisello palo ard mopy here, and I make my own conclusion. You will pardon the very great liberty 1 take, monsieur, in saying these things, but you know madornoisollo has no mother nor any one of her own sex, andl I have been more to her for years than any other." " I give you all credit for your motive, Madame Lemaire,'" ansewred D]anby. " Your sagacity has not been at fault, but I do not consider the young man au oligible husband for Florence ; she is fond of him, but she is too dutiful a child not to conquer the fooling when she knows I have set omy face against it. And now we are upon the subject, I may mention something that has come into my mind since your arrival. 1 thought of sending her to France-there is nothing like travel and change of scone for such a case as tlins-if you would undertake to be her guardian." " With pleasure, monsieur; you do me great honour by proposing such confidence in me." " When could you start ? " Oh, in a very few days, if mademoiselle could be ready." "It is now Thursday. Could you start on Monday " " Say Wednesday." "Wednesday be it, then. That's settled." " Tr's bius." But although Dauby's tone implied that tihe interview was over, madame still kept her seat. " Nothing has boon heoard of poor Match well ? " seho remarked suddenly. Danby could scarcely repress a start at the unexpectedness of theboquostiou. " Nothing, I believe,' he answeredl, quickly. " What is your opinion about his dis appearance ? " she inquired, slowly pufling out the last thin wreath of blue smoke from between her lips, and throwing away the and of the cigaretto. "I think ihe will turn up againi safe and sound some day." " Do you, indeed ? " she said, fixing her eyes upon him. " And what do you think has become of him ? " Danby shrugged his shoulders. "If all the sagacity of Scotlaud-yard cannot answer that question, how can you expect my poor intelligence to ie equal to it ? I know so little about his habits, or the hind of man he wag, that my opinion would' b valuneless. Wore he parr, I shoulr say that creditors woro at the bottom ; with some men, I should say a womiua. Mon are wicked enough at times to grow tired of their wives. Mr, Machrwell had a very large sum of money in his pocket ; he might have been seized with a desire for liberty--for a trip with some fair companion." S:'' Ah I men are terrible oreatures. .Poor Madame Maohlwoll I " sighed madame. " You see it is proved beyond a doubt that lie arrived all safe at Dover." " Yes." "It was in broad daylight, he left his hotel: for, a ·walk." 'Meon, have been waylaid in broad day.: light, robbed, and knocked ripon the heard; but then the body hlas boon found, or some trace or some elite." " Thetis true, monsieur; but is it not quite as true that a living man could not die. appear without leaving some clue bohind, when his description is o'orywhoere about ?" " But he must be either living or dead, unless the fairies carried him away, aid the argument is exactly balanced and does not inoline to ono side or the other." " Trite." "¶' There is one tiring I always congratu. late myself upon, and that is that he was safely away from here before ihe so suddenly dropped out of. knowledge." " Yes, that was very fortunate-for you," DaInby was boginning to feeool uneomfort' able t tio peuooliar tone arnd manner of the: Frnehweoman, so rising and holding out. 'his hand, he said: ".I "I anm suro you will excuse mo, Madaimo. Lomairo, but I have some important letters: .to write.': .. MLadamo at once repaired to her room, 'aindraftcr looking the door, took out a travel . lin'gtwriting.dosk, and sat down to write a' letter. " Dear Sir," it began, '"' younwill see that I am at Mlanor Hall, And now, to toll you what I have done sineoo I saw you. When I arrive at Rochester and tnke apartmoents, Swho do you think is the irst person I find Sin the same hlouse--Theodore Millet l'" Not much in that perhaps you will say, but "attond, 'I se heh look very pale and miseri, able and I tell him so, and ask about his A mothoier, and Mlonsiour Danby and Madeo-. rhmoisello Flordnoo, just likelo a surgeon :probitig to find where a bullet is lodged. 'Poor young.man I Ho is as innocent as a child, and winces directly the wound is touched. In half-an.hourr I kilnw all. Poor fellow; he is so lonely that he cannof reo sist pouring forth all his oonfidonoo into my sympathrisjng bosom. Then he toll me Show Monsieur;Danby had told his mother :in onfldenoe that if ie and Floeonoo did ireailly lov'e one another he would not oppose th::e:ir marriage. Then I asked him why he i. so?.uddonly ohango his mind, and after 'man: y 'rquestions I draw from him a long .story'. IHe and Florenoce are out walking oneo dray in Primrose Laneuo and hie tell . lor he loves her, and while they are billing and cooing, as you say, upon' a bank, the ,yotung man sees Monsieur coming from bo hind a tree, and naturally not liking to be neonlike this he comos forward and monsieur starts and looks horribly frightened, just as if he had seen a ghost, and Theodore con fosses what has taken place between him. self and mademoiselle. Monsieur Danby cries, 'My God I lIero Fool, you have destroyed our happiness and your own I' Thou he goes to Madame Millet and tolls her to send away her son, and revokes all he has promised before; that it was not he but chance. Fate had decided agaiust them and lihe could explain nothing. Now can you make anything out of this ? All I I see I have not told you that Theo dore noticed, when he first saw Monsieur Danby coiing up the lane, that he looked very strange, and there was a look of horror on his face, and that lie glanced about him as though he expected to see some terrible sight. Now, if it was not quite certain that your Monsieur Machwell got as far as Dover -and you say that is certain for you have the evidence of the railway people and hotel people that you questioned yourself - I should say he was in Primrose Lane, add some strange fatality had led the girl and boy to the very spot. Bunt that seems im possible. Yet I feel as sure as you do that 'Monsieur Danby is the only man who could explain what has become of Monsieur Machwoll. If you send a detective dos'wn now I am in the house I can got him ad. mittance and help him to search. Moni sieur is out all day shooting. It will be daniy enough. We may find some of those notes., Assure Madame Mblchwell that I will not, leave anything undone, though I fear lie will prove too ounning for us all. If you telegraph to my lodgings in Rochester .I will be there to-morrow at noon, waiting." Tlhis ltter ,is directed to Danly's solicitor, Crosenell. Spite of the inclemency of the weather slhe wont herself into tho village to post it. COIIAPTRi III. The next evening Madame Lemaire started for Rochester under the pretence of making some preparations for her proposed journey with Florence. A telegram was waiting for her. " Some one will be down by the two o'clock train and call upon you." Just about half-past two the servant announced that a gentleman wished to see Madameo Lemaire, and thereupon a tall, thin, quiet- looking man plainly 'dressed and wearing a low-crowned felt, entered the room. After about a quarter-of-an-hour's con versation lie took his departure and soon afterwards Madame repaired to the hotel, at which the carriage that had brought her from Manor Hall was waiting to take her back. The carriage had not long departed when the quiet-looking man hired a fly at the same livery stables and ordered the driver to drive to a certain village about a mile' from the Manor Hall. Arrived there lie took a bed at the one inn tihe plaeo could boast of, and having refroshed himself with a bottle of stout, said as the evening was fine he should take a walk, and inquired for the p!hasantest road. " I like a nice quiet lane as well as any. thing," lie remarked. " Oh, if you like a quiet lane, take a walkl down Primrose Lane, it ain't more nor half a mile from here," said the landlord. " Thelio natue is inviting, though this isn't primrose time, is it? " observed the stranger. " Well not exactly," laughed the other, " but you may find lots of blackberries." That's better still." '\VWell, when yougo out of this door turn to the right and keep about half-a-mile down the road and you'll see it on the left, a green. laud shaded with trees ; but there is no thoroughfare, it only leads to Mr. Danby's place, Manor Hall, and you'll have to come back the same way." " Well, that isn't pleasant, but I'll have a stroll somewhere." And lighting up a cigar,' the staingerr strolled leisurely away. But as soon as he was out of sight of the public-houJoe e h quiclenod hi pace, for thlid short day was beginning to closo, thgu,'ghi the west was still all aglow with the- trail of the sinking sun. Primrose Lane seemed to have a groat interest for him, for as lie turned into it he slackoned his stop end advanced very slowly,. sharply recounoitring it on every side and fooling about the ground as though he were in soarch of some particular object. Thus he proceeded until his furthert ;io. gross was stopped by a high brick wall in: which there was ar door, - This was the 'oiundary on that side of the grounds of Manor. Hall. On either aide of the hedge were streotches of nieadow land. Pushing his way through a break in tIhe brambles on tho right.hand sidoe lho found himself in a field, and could now peorceive lhme coitinuatiot oftho bouinid-: nry line, which after a while was guarded only by wondoden palisadeso about seven fpoot higli undi extremely rotten. By this time it was so dairk that lie aoduld no longer contino his soearch with.' any praotical effect, so pushing hIis way through the friendly gap, hie retraced hise stops to hiEa inn, where his dinner was waiting for him. He-Io had just finished his moal and was enjoying a stiff glaSs of whisky and water and a cigar, when the waitress entered With ais ioto in her hand. " b oy just brought this for the gentle man who came from London, sir,'" shoe said; ' " so as thero's nobody elso staying hero, I s'pose. it's you."e " Yeos, that's for me; I linhave boon ox poeting it," hie said, " It's all 'ight," Upon opening it hie road thoso words: "3 Be atthe door at the bottom of Prim rose oLane at ninoe." There was no signature. It was a moonless uight and the sky was quito clear and studdoed with myriads of .stars whouen the stranger issued from the inn. Primrose Laeio was as dark and silent as the gravo; there was not a sound save the thud of his own footstep upon theosoft turf, When he reached the end he struck a iatch, anud there, half ooveroed by ivy, was tbohe door indicated in the letter, Ho looked at his watch. Itwas a few minutos to thei hour.:: After waiting a sliort.time lie thouglit lio hoard something rustling baeitad the door. The key turned in the door, it openeod, and a dark figureoissued forth and whispeord, "Are you there ? " . . " Yom " The next moment he was within, and the door was re-locked. "Give me your hand," said the voice; "it is so dark you will stumble." They wound among trees and shrubs un til they came in sight of the house which would have been scarcely discernible but for the light which pierced its heavy shadow here and there. Then the guide whom the reader will no doubt have recognised as Madame Lemaire, paused and said in a low voice : "I send for you to-night because Mr. Danby has gone away to London-he took it into his head all of a minuto. Wasn't it lucky? So I would not lose a moment; we may not have such another opportunity. Now listen. Mademoiselle is in my room which I will show you directly-as soon as she is gone I will wheel a chair against the blind so that it shall casta dark shadow upon it-you understand ? " " Yes." " As soon as you see that shadow you will push open a door I shall leave unbolted, and come up one flight of stairs, and in the room at the top you will find me., All the servants go to bed at ten, then the house will be quiet, and I will take you to Mon sieur Danby's den, as he calls it, and if there is anything to be found it is there. Now let me show you." A winding path led them round to the ruins. Then 'Madame stopped again. Her rooms were sitiated in that part of the building whiclh immediately adjoined the uninhabited portion. When she first came she had choson it for its quaintness and for its vicinity to the ruins; which gave a very picturesque' look-out from the windows. This part of the hall was only one storey high, and the window to which she pointed was not more than ten feet from the ground. Just beneath this was a narrow door, set in a round arch, which formed a private en trance to those particular rooms- another attraction in Madame's eyes, as she could pass in and out without traversing any other part of the house-thougli she could never anticipate to what treacherous uses she might some day put it. " If you find it cold,", she went on, " yon can got in there "-pointing to one of the windows of the ruin. " Arid vhen you 'hear the church clock in the distance strike next you can come out, and reconnoitre. .You understand ? " " Quite." "Very well. Now I must leave you. Mademoiselle will wonder what has become of me." Had Mr. Johnson, of . the Belgravia Private Inquiry Office, been a man with the l least touch of imagination, he might. have felt a little nervous at the situation in which he found himself. Nothing could be more, suggestive of the supernatural, the awfdl stillness broken only by a slight shivering sound now and again among tihe trees; as a dead leaf disturbed itself, and fell' to join many thousands of its followers thitt i?l scattered about. All round was opaque darlnuoss, save for, that one light, the only one visible from where he stood, tlihat illuminated Madame Lemnaire's room,' and the glittering stars that flashed above. in the heaveous. It was. very cold, but Mr. Johnson preferred the open to penetrating into the recesses of that grim and ghostly- looking ruin. First of all, he slipped over his boots a pair of felt slippers hlie took from his pockeot; these would render his tread noiseless, and for thl present keep his foot 'warnm by liro tecting thoem from the damp grass. Then, turning up the dollar of his coat, he tooktup his station against a. big old tree, nearly opposite Msadamo's window. If lie could only have lhad a smbkoke lie would have been contont, but' on searching his pockets lie found he had loft his tobacco pouch behind, alid was consequently do. prived of that consolation. Though, oni tlhe other hand, the glow, of the pipe or the smell of-the smoke might betray his whlire. abouts to eyes and noses uidesirablo. After a while the (deep stillness and the immobility of his attitude began to have ai drowsy lffoet upon him. His oyoesclosed, and liis head began to'nod forward. All of a momont he was wide awake again. What noise was that ? Some night bird among the ivy opposite ?. And yet it did not sound like thalt. iHe remained quite motionloss,: withi hlis eyes fixed upon the spot. Thoer it was again. A croeepy, stealthy, undoiliabeo a nodil. As-we have said, Mr. Johnson hnad not an atom of imagination; but he oould.feol lis: heart boating a little faster tlhin usual as. lie. stood there staring and listoniig .with pain-I ful intoiesity. - There was some' living' cronatire stirringi within those ruins, bit whiothor, liiuman, bird, or boast it was impossible to deooilde:'' Was tlhat anything movitig atiOioeof thilde ivy-hbidduen windows, or was it fancy?: ?::-'-.' The watchor's blood ran ooll.it, i ho saw something Crawl out of theo darkness amnld drop down upon the :turf,:panuo 'for:: a moment as though reconnioitring the situsa tion' then' oreop away in the' direcbtin 'of the iiihbitatbd part of the lihouse' until it was swallowed up in tlheo gloom.' ' ' Whait was it ?'. If it eo'ie n animal it was nislike' aiydf which Mr. Johnson had any knowledge. If it.,were: a human oreatuiro it 'was equally removed from that' gentleman's oonoeption of humanity. ' ' It: did liot walk ou all fours, uoither. did' it bonr itsolf u?iught, for it was bnut alinost' doubile, and moved with a striuge, hobbling;. swaying motion. ' .: : Whether it was clothed or n'ot.was equly: doubtful,. Cold as hb was, Mr, Johnson felt th:e drops of perspirition standing ipon his forehead; ; Absorbed in this mystery, hlie forgot all about his original' purpoo;:'i ad watched only for the rsoapporacaoo, of this strauge being. 'After about twenty minutes a thrill ehlidt through him as he saw it onoo more creep out of the darkness; makelo again for: :th? ruin, chamber thrigl on onof the brokedt: windows, and disappcar. By this time Mr, Johnson had almost? re oovered from hisi unSwonted tremors, had had niadeo uip hi mind that:tho apparition was some strange distorted specimen of hlumanity. : ''-ro was" a mystery thaniha ilonged to investigato,' hut in doing 'so hlie m.ight iiupril his original" purposeo, Ho' would mention it to Madame iemanro, and ltake oounsel with.her. . . While he was thus communing with his thoughts, his attention was again drawn to the ruin by a sound of falling stones fol lowed by a low, yet pierocing, wail of_ agony. Then all was silent again, Johnson could not resist his curiosity any longer. Come what may he must ascertain the meaning of these sounds. Taking a small bull's-eye lantern, which he had brought with him, out of his coat pocket, he struck.a match, lit it, and mask ing its rays, crossed over to the ruin, Arrived there, he cast its powerful rays upon the interior, and soon discovered the meaning of the sounds he had just heard. A portion of the roof seemed to have given way, as upon one part of the rotten flooring there lay the debris of newly-fallen stones, and among them a wretched crea ture that presented so horrible a sight that even Mr. Johnson.was'appalled by it. It was moaning piteously, and a'heavy mass of brick that lay across its limbs and seemed to have crushed them, indicated the cause. But was it indeed human ? ... Its head was covered' by a mass of matted' hair that hung down upon it's neck, its face was almost hidden by a ragged, matted beard, and was so ingrained with dirt that it was impossible to distinguish the colour of the skin. A few hideous rags clung to the emaciated, distorted, and, filth- begrimed body, but what they had once represented no eye could distinguish. Johnson was a man possessed of plenty of courage, but there was something so re volting and uncanny in the aspect of this ghastly object that for a time he could not make up his mind to approach it. Suddenly the thing became conscious' of. 'the glare of light, and opened its ferret like eyes and gave forth a shrill cry like a wild beast and tried to extricate its poor limbs from the sueperincumnbont mass, but gave up the attempt with it piteous moan and sank back again. "Don't be frightened, 'I'm not going to: hurt you," said Johnson, shaking off hisl timorousness and approaching it. CnAPTER IV. In the. desolation of her :heart, Florenceo cluug.to Madame Lomaire's 'sooiety, more 'especially as lier fathbr's strange. behaviour' towards Theodore had made an- estrange. meiit betwoeen her iand Mrs. Millet. When madime, after admitting the de tectivoand 'giving him ':instructions, re-' turned to her cosy apartment, she found.. Florence seated'just where shehad left her, plunged in deep thought. The treacherous spybogan' to talk in her' usual glib fashion, .intersporsing her words with Judas-like caresses. -But Florenoo'made no response. "'I feel so dull to-night," she said, " I have such a depression of spirits. IfI was inclined to be superstitions, I should think some thing teirible was going to liappou." " What- you call presentiment," said madamoe. " Your stomach is out of order, my child,"and the weather is'detestable. I shall advise you to.go' to bed eai'ly to-night; very early, and have a good; night's rest." Yes, I think I shall," was the reply. f "I feel vory slooepy"mysolf," 'respondoed the Froenhwomau, yawning. : '" Then I will iot keep you up, madame," said Florence, rising.' Madame protested that ilihe did not want to go to bed, quite directly,.but her denial 'only served to assure.Florencethat she did. It wanted some minutes to ten when the young girl retired. Floi'ence's apartments were in the same part of the house as madame's,, but her 'windows looked out on the other side; the two chambers however were separated only by. a narrow, passigo, which iose two steps in'the direootion of Miss Danby's room. 'A's sooin as .she was gone, "madame fastened the 'door through which; she had passed and arranged the 'signal in the window. Somne minutes elapsod, but no one came. She drew' aside tlle 'bliiid'arid ibokotned, thinking he'o ightlbo'outhe 'atch and had misunderstood her explanation. SAll at oiinee she' heard a rumbling'? sofid as though some heavy mass had fallen, followed by a cry so terrible that, though both muffled and deadened by distance, it chilled her very blood. 'What could it mean ? While she stood scared and' h.esitating, 'she heard hurried footsteps behind the door she lhad,just looked,' and then:Florence's voice in eutrating acceonte, ifyig: . " Oh, Iadame Limaire, leomi in. I arim Iso terrifioed" Madame was too frightened horself not to comply .with tile request, and. Florenco , whilte as death and ticembtling' frdm liad to foot, hu',it into the room, S"Did .you hear it ? I can soo yoni did by .yourn face. What can it be? . . , :i '' 0i1. yes, asr if the old t6wrt had failin, and suiih adreadfi.l ory. Hadi we iot betteor. alarm the servants? " .'' '?::: :' ';: : " Np, ao ;they are' all gono to bedV;: oryj .likely it was some of the old place foll do?ni? and it was a bird thiat seciamed. : , 'Oh,; it was 'hourible. Come and :sleep with, mo;e:' dear ladame Lemaiero I daI:re. not go back to my rormi."-', :.. "::"-: Here was a. dilemitmah- What was she to Sdo . f.How 'could :shlio :gost. rid.! of tlis friightniied girl without waking the servants? She olung to her with a tenaoity : of teorrr that proivonted liher moving";g:,: : :: b sThe 1renobwoman herself was so nervous and bewildordd that shOe forgot allabdout thiesignal in the window ?until.; all: of. a moment she 'eaid footstep-s behinad the private : door.' ,. . . . . . . . : . It was too late to lock it,: too late to oppose his ontrance ; bnt as it. opened shoe toro off a lhaudkcreidh:f she hfiad putl about 'her inook When eho went out to admit lith detective and hlad not taken off again, and drawing it aoross Florence's Iface, hold it. fast behind her head, while withheor eyes shel told the intruder td be gonie. : .Undorstandiung the oituation, he was gone as quickly as ihe had appeared;,'olosing the door rapidly and noiseolossly, bit not before madame oould" poroeive' lby his' face ':that something xotraordinary had happened.. ITheo whole :thiug did not occupy half?;a dozon seconds. Florence involuntarily stretcheld out lier hands as she felt herself' so suddenly blinded, but before shb could' Sspeali her eyes' woro again free,. :·: -: " What is the moaning of thio?" she cried, starting up. Madame's face was as pale as her own, for once her ready wit failed her. What could sho say ? What explanation could she render of her extraordinary conduct. " Who entered this room ? who was it? why did you cover my eyes ?" cried Florence, full of consternation. " No one entered the room. I only did it for fun," stammered madame, utterly at a loss what to say. " You had better go back to your room. You' are nervous-ill. Go my child. I will come to you directly.": And madame took her by the hand and led her through the door and along the passage to lier own chamber.. There was something so strange in the Frenchwoman's m'anner, thit Florence dared. not resist her command, for in" tone at least it was nothing else. " Now, go to bed, mat clin'c, and I will be with you in a few minutes." And gently pushing her. into the room madame hastened back to her :own, as she expeoted'the detective was there waiting'for her. " Blunderer, you have spoilt all, you must get away.. That girl will alarm the servants," she began. " " Not 'a bit of it," broke in the man im patiently.. " I have discovered, everything." "What, the notes ? " :" More than that.' Mr. Jolias ifaohwell." " Living ? " . " '.'I'havo: no. time to answer questions. Rouse.the man-servants. Dispatch one on horseback as fast as hoe can ride "for' the nearest doctor, and another for the nearest policeman. Don't stand staring at me, do ,what I toll you. ' stay, I had better do it 'myself, if'you'll show'mo how. You seem off your head." 'An hour later a 'strango scene was 'being enaoted within the ruins;. Johnson, in the presence' of 'Madame Lemaire, several of the servants,, a rural oolistable and a doctor; was takitig' down a deposition from the lips of the poor wretch whom the detective had found' crushed be neath the debris ;of . theofallen .roof. The doctor had averred'that he could not live an liboir and that aiiy attempt to move'' him "would prove instantly 'fatal, hence this haste.. The poor wretch had almost lost the use of speech, and his utterance was at times so strange and indistinct that it was difficult to grasp his meaning. Mr. Johnson had finished writing. He' road out the statements which he had elab orated out of the broken and incoherent: words of the dying.man, pausing at the end. of every separate particular to exercise his silent affirmation. "You say," began the detective, "that' your name is William Roberts, and that five years ago you escaped from the hulks at hOathitm to which you had been 'condemned for forging and uttering forged Bank of England notes ?. . "You say that you knew Mr. Dauby, that you had once visited him here, that he was one of those'who had helped to ruin you by gaming and horse-racing, That it was? through him you .got mixed up with forgers, and you believe it. was he who betrayed you to the police as' he feared you might give information against. him ? " You say that after your escape you wandered about' until one night you found yourself in 'this neighbourhood and' re-: momborod:,that' there .was an old, ruin at taohod to this house where yoa thouight you might conceal yourself, and, as you bhad 'once explored' it when you were a guest, you had some knowledge of it ? " You say. that while lurking in; the tower you found a place in the wall where.: the bricks were loose, and' made :your way tbo a space be?eween tho roof and the ceiling that covered a portion .of the ruin. That you have lived there during all .those five years, creeping out to forage for food ; living upon aiiythiingybou could find in your prowls'?"'-:. "That after the'tower was looked up you weore in danger of starving, but at last found a .moanis of exit from your hiding-place down the.chimney.. . :.You say through the eracks in the coiling you could, by lying flat upon your stomanh,observo anything that took place in this room.' That : between: :night and moniung a few..weoks back you heard strange sounds here as 'though "a heavy body was dragged through the: window and dropped upoan the floor." That 'presently; 'by the light of a lainotrn, yoiu saw Mr. Danby and the. dead body of a man lying upon the floor, Thait you' saw;:himi by means of a crowbar "and otheor implements, raise the helioth-stonoe d ptislh the o' orpso into: the spado boionath and tlhliou:Oovor it with a saok ful bof lime, i'fterwhlioh: the stone wvas re :'ploeod, . . "' Tiatt bthinliiig d0nib; as soon as lio? .o covered from theh exiliitti'g inature of his excursions,,, heo took out of his poolrcet a bundloeof what: seemed- to be bdank notes, and' iset' firo' to. tlibhm by the :ligiht of the lintern." ' :. When Johniison itaised his yes for the wretched man to affirm this last para .graph, the doctor.spoke for him. ' " He is dead . . ."'You:are aill witnesses :to wlihat that man iha'eohfossed; '. said 'Johnhsonf, iturniuig to lhe 'spectators; "and you, sir,". addressing the doctor, " will have theo kindniess toesign this: paper." " We' can soon test the :ruthm .of one pit of the story by removitig this hearthi;stoine, he w?ot on,. while the edootor wais waiting : "' and I havie no doubt wo shiall' fid' the .body as described, and we 'had bette, do this' at' ; noo. ' This 'ilady,"' pointing to Madame Lemiire;:e '"itiforms sme tliat Mr' Danby; willf bo in by the. last train',: which arrives at that hour' soon 'after one a.m.,: so woe havo'.i 'tim Iio t'o loseo,".' Upon search being made, the remains of the unforituhute. Jonas 'Maehwell were 'found. According to his oustom when iiiturning :late, Mr, Danby would take a conveyance in SOhatham to brilng him hido ?'me r .=:: ': : The oonstable was"foi driving over to theo town and waiting his arrival at thlie sttion,'' but Johnisonoonsideored it better to wait his arrival at the Hall. In the meanriinieo he: had. giiveninotrit orders, that no one was -to: leaye .the premises. ' But there was onoe person iwhoi in their terror and boewildermont, had beoon entirbly forgotten-- Flouetnce. SAnd udwhile the hunters were lying in wait for their prey, and Johnson was every minute impatiently consulting his watch, the unhappy girl who bad been an unob served listener to all that had passsed, was speeding on towards Clhatham to warn, her wretched father of his danger. But a strange fatality worked ,against both. . Mr..Danby duly arrived at Chatham, and found the conveyance which he had be spoken, in the morning waiting-. for him. Being tired, slooeep overtook him on :the journey. The coachman took the. short outi down Primrose Lane, saving the half mile further to the lodge gate. It. was thus that Florence missed the coach. And now to ekplain ho* the iunters were baffled. . Had the coachman been: sober ?e wobuld not, have attempted to drive over that un even ground on a pitolidark niglt, b'utlho was now gone .beyond the limits of dis cretion. Away he went at a sharp trot for about a quarter' of a mile. The jolttig.of tlhe icar riage awakened the . sleeper withini, who pulled down the window,, leaned, out; 'and shouted, ."' what the devil are you doing?· Where are you going ? " ..Before an answer could le ;given, :the carriage had turned over with a tremendous crash. . When some liours' afterwards it was raised, Mf?.'Felix Dauby was found beneath quite dead. Strange to say, the accident happened on the very spot on which Florence and Theoo dore had plighted-their troth. :The mystery of the death of the un. fortunate Jonas Mlachwell was not solved for several years, not until tlhepolice had sen ceeoded in capturing the head of. a band of forgers, who had long baffled, all' their vigilance. . This iran, whose nam'ewasArthur Brown, .was 'condemnied to plenal servitude for life. He had volunteered a coufession, the gist of which was tlhat he'''had bdono: ac'quainted with Felix Danby,.on.the turf, anid had froe quently : supplied that : gentleman -,with Sflaslh" notes. Oine day lioiaovbr, he came to thei forger's place'. and said'. he wanted: eight thousand poundl' ? orth of these forgeries., ? :. "Not one will ever be passed," he said, " or go out of my hands. They will' only be shown." What he requiied was supplied for .two hundred 'pounds. " Now," he jiaid, when' the bargain vwas completed, "I want you to lo a little per sonation for me. Hold yourself in ireadinoss during the next forty-eight hours for a tele gram from me., The telegram'n will siiiply contain the time a certain train ..leaves Ludgate .Hill for Rochester; you lwill take a tiolet for' th'at train, alight at Rochester; and one hour' after. your arrival make ' fotrthe Cathedral Close, where I shall be waiting for you. What the job is I want you for shall be explained then." In due time Arthur Brown received the telegram, and carried out his instructions to the letter. After waiting somne little' time, Danby drove up in a trap, 'and told hime: to'get lup; after which he drove into a quiet road,` where he put.on him a red wig aid false whiskers, made llim exchange his own hat and over-" coat for others, and. drove him tolthe Chat ham: station to eatoh the tidal train.: In figture Brown was not unlike Maohwell, so 'that' the description given of the.' latter seemed exactly to tally with the personiial appearance of his counterfeit. At Dover he:got rid~of his red wig and . whiskers and overcoat and hat, and, assum-. ing his' normal appearauce,' walked to. Folke Stone, whence he made his way back to London. w t " As soon 'as I. heard the .hile aa:nd;ory about the disappearance of this Mr.: Jonas Machwell," he said, in conolusion, ";I. tsmelt a rat.' But it was nothing to do with. me I'got" fiftylquid for my bit of wiiik, ad it would not suit. my book 'to come . forward asid give evidence, especially as I had sup plied the flash flimsios,." How or where' Daniby had committed tlhe ' mprder, could only be conjectured. Most likely by' strangulation, to avoid all triace of blood, while' the :spot was most probably Primrose Lano, on route to the station, and, from the time at :which LRoberts asserts that hlie saw the body dragged into the ruin, it woild appear that he had left'it concealed behind some bush 'while :he drove into ChOliatham to meet. Brown, anid orept out of the house after 'all' the hodsehold? was' in bed and boroe it theioe to its burial place;: It was a strango Nemesis.; Years before theowretched man: Roberts had been one of his victims,, he lhad brought hini'tdo Mi nor Hall to fIlooe him'; but Tfor thliat tlo liihi$ted wiotlch would: :never hlin'"d;viliow'?i of 7the lhiding, plance wlhich alone siavd lim from roocapture a:ind eihblb'd 'hi tiio:t?prove his destroyer's guilt.".i:: , :i: " And ,what of .the lovets? it. will be What of tlhe potli rl w eo had been the inuooont aus:e of all this rime and disaster ? : On the veGning afte? thatt oventful.night, s 9,was, discoverd lying: senseloss .n :the neighbouti'?h orhooof Chahtlam a':tationi, utterly overcomieby fatignu and horror. :::-: - For wekki-e l;i l life wai: deijs'iied o f,,. ut ,yoth nid a gbood coi?stitution: ti'imphed at : Her first a?tvas to: makeo over the Manor Hall estatei' to the wvidow of the murdered We ;hivoe n spaoe to follow heroareer. A disttiant relative of Theodore's father dying left: the 'yduig man a' oomfortablo hidependb'co, upon whioh hle soight out Florence and bhogged her to become his Again and agmaii she refused him, for her Sfaltheio' wdrds-that such a marriage would be ascoursed-wordsi of which she now too woll'knlew thei meanking, wore ever befora her, But T'hheo was 'a persevering suitor, ianid aftor somo. jyeirs of entreaty, induooe !her to defy augury and make him happy. .~'' THIE END, :"Thoe brain of an olophant is somewhat largert tha that-of a man, but the trunkof an helephanit is. considerably smaller than that of a woman. Men wihoe wait for luck to make them 'rioh are generally compelled to leave the ;sottling of their: futoral expenses to. their relatives.'' 