MEETINGS. THE ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS. The monthly meeting of the New South Wales Zoological Society was held yesterday at the gardens Present: Messrs. John Keep (in the chair), William Beaumont, Charles Moore, C. C. Skarratt, Captain Ghest, and Mr. W. H. Catlett, secretary. Accounts amounting to £240 11s. 1d. were passed for payment. The SECRETARY reported that the receipts from the gates for the month ending lst March amounted to £88 8s. 3d., representing the admission of 4048 visitors, 3025 adults, and 1023 children. The receipts from the elephants amounted to £4 4s. 3d. : and the donkeys and ponies, £1 14s. 3d. : total, £94 6s. 9d. The gardens were also visited by 1434 Public school children, and 32 teachers, total, 1466, who are admitted free of charge. The most unfortu- nate loss during the month was the death of the tiger cat, from fits. The prairie dogs temporarily deposited in the gardens by the owner, Mrs. Malcolm, of Wynyard-square, in September last, have made their appearance from their burrow after a long interval, during which they were thought to be dead. They did not at first realise that they were able to burrow in their new quarters, but when they found it out they made a burrow in which they went to sleep, and slept till about the 20th February, when they were again seen above ground, and they have been seen several times, but are very shy The donations re- ceived since the last monthly meeting were ;-Two opos- sums, presented by the Rev. J. Olloy, Sydney; one pied rat, Mr. Thomas Cadell, Sydney; one mojokey, Mr. S. Miller, Surry Hills ; echidna, Mr. W. Phillips, Castle- reagh-street; opossum, Mr. W. Gorman, Waterloo- street ; young black swan, Miss E. Donnelly, Randwick; water rat, Mr. Andrew Brown, Cooerwull; native bear, Mr. Wm. Holborow, Douglas Park ; flying squirrel, Miss A. M. Saunders, Burwood; cus- cus, or New Guinea opossum, Mr. Vivian R. Bowden, Thursday Island; tortoise, Miss Stella M. Davies, Castlereagh- street; native cat, Mr. J. Lloyd, Randwick; carpet snake, Mr. Thos. Curley, Tenterfield; Woka rail, Mr. M. C. Byrne, Randwick; monkey, Mr. J. Mackay, Glebe. Two monkeys and cassowaries had been purchased. The tender of A. C. Houseman, of St. Leonards, for the erection of a leopard house was accepted under certain con- ditions. The date of the annual general meeting was fixed for Friday, 30th March, The Sydney district of the Ancient Order of Foresters hold their 40th annual meeting in the hall, 342, Castle- reagh-street, on Thursday last, Mr. S. Farrell, D.C.R., in the chair. Mr. J. Cropley, treasurer; Mr. W. O. Fox, secretary, and the following delegates were also present :- J. B. Baldwin, C. Swift, K King, W. Slade, F. Hodge, W. G. Pearce, J. Clampett, T. J. Thompson, C. Cooper, G. D. Simons, A. Drummond, J. Griffiths, J. Slade, J. Broomhead, P. M'Lachlan, L. Douglass, C. Rembert, F. Lockyer, J. Wallace, J. K. Smith, J. Stocks, J. G. Leslie, J. Speerin, J. Harry, and R. Smith. It appears from the report that the district had during the year opened eight new courts at the following places:- Marrickville, Randwick, Newtown, Camperdown, Peter- sham, Surry Hills, Redfern, and at Molong, with great prospects of success. One court in Wollongong had been compelled to close ; the members, however, had been received by another court in the district, consequently had suffered no hardship. During the year 524 new and 29 clearance members had been admitted, being 251 in excess of the pre- vious year. The deaths of 10 members and nine wives is the record for the year, an increase of six members, accounted for by the Bulli Colliery explosion. There are now 30 courts and 2,389 financial members in con- nection with the district, a net increase of 344 members. The aggregate, worth of the district is £14,062. 4s. 5d., being a gain on the year of £680 14s. 7d. From the compiled statement of the branches it appears the income was £6426 18s. 4d., and the expenditure £5934 10s. 3d., the sum of £492 8s. 4d. being added to the funds. The item for sick allowance is £1514 16s. 5d. being £259 12s. 6d. more than paid for the year previous, the cost of management being £557 6s. 5d.v-about 83/4 per cent. Several delegates congratulated the district on the satisfactory pro- gress the society had made during the year ; and now the rules relating to the establishing of branches being so liberal, there could be no doubt that the order would still continue to advance. After the formal business had been transacted, and fixing the amount of levies--which to the funeral fund is 9d. per member for the quarter, and manage- ment a similar amount, the latter being larger than usual consequent on the expense incurred in printing new rules- the office-bearers for the ensuing year wore elected : J. T. Thompson, D.C.R. ; W. O. Fox, secretary (re-elected) ; J. Cropley, treasurer (re-elected) ; auditors, Messrs. J. Slade, J. J. Wheeler, and J. P. Dale. After the installation of officers a cordial vote of thanks was accorded to the retiring officers for the watisfactory way they had conducted the business, which was duly acknowledged by them; The meeting was then closed in the usual way. The meeting of the William-street Mutual Improve- ment Association was held on Thursday evening. Mr. Arnold road the manuscript journal, which contained: Editorial, “N. H. W. Legislators," Poetry-" A Word of Cheer to Those Who Fail;" a natural history paper, " The Mosquito;" an article on the Thwaites cuso and provision for tho agod and infirm. '.Some otlior papers wero held ovor till next issuo, and at 10 o'clock tho adjournment was moved. , . ^ _ , Tho monthly mootinK of tho Now South Walos Associa- tion fof tho Promotion of Morality arid Social Purity wa» hold at tbo Y. M. C. A. Rooms on Tuosday hist. Present Messrs. W. Russell (in the chair), \V. E. Wilson, N. B. Downing, P. Millor, A. Monr.ios, D. Wnlkor, E. J* H. Knapp, Dr. Paterson, Rev. S. Wilkinson, and Mr. G. E. Ardill (general secretary). , A loltor was read from Mr. J. P. Abbott, M. L.A., expressing sympathy with tho principle» of tho Vico Suppression Bill. It was resolved that Sir William Mántíiug bo requested to intioduco tho measure into the Legislativo Counoil. Roforonco was mado lo tho withdrawal of tho propot,od bill ot Mr. Flank Faruoll, .M.L.A., dealing with tho C. D. Acts, and ploasure was oxprossodat tho action. 'Tho Seduction Hill, intioduced into tho Assembly by Mr. 3. S. Farnoll, M.L.A., was laid on (ho tablo and disoussed. Suggestions wore mado for the practical improvement of tho mensure. Copies of olauaes of tho English Affiliation Law wore submitted, and it was resolved that thoy should bo lorwnrded to Sir Ilonry Parkes, urging tli ir iulroductiou into luw in tho colony. They provide ihost'imp'ortnnt machinory for tho immediate dealing1 ivith the putativo fathers of illegitimate children!. Attention was cal lod to the state of tho dam ing saluons of tho city and suburbs, and tbo evils arising thorefrom. Roforenco was mudo to legislation promised by Sir Henry I'm kos several years siuco. Refeienco was mudo to the light sontoncos passed upon hiotbol keapeis at the late sessions. The report of tho vifrilunco officer was received, and otloctivo work reported. Many tobacconists and others have been induced to remove ob|e?tionublo pictures from their shop windows. Tho report of the sub- committee in loferenco to glovo contests was reforrod to, and regret ox" grossed that tho colony hns been dis^rncod by such scene* undry accounts wbrö pained for puymout. A largoly-attonded meeting of van proprietors, mftiter carriors, cabownors, and vehicle ownorsin goneral, Was held at the Tomporunco Hull last night. Tho object of tha meeting was tho tonsuloiiition of suggestions which have recently boon mudo with i rupert to bunging about modifica- tions of oxi'-ting bylaws relative to tin-watering of street woodon blocks with billt water. Mr. Parbery presided. It was rosolvod that ii deputation should interview the Premier | in robard to presont arranjromont» for stroul-watoring. It was, in thp OOUI'HO of discussion, pointod out that suit water, as it Is at present ulilisod, grottos tho cubes, and loads directly to innumerable accident». ' Tho St. Leonards' Litoruiy and Debating Society held its weekly meeting in the Town Hall, East St Leonards, on. tho evening of AVetlncsd ty, 2l)th ultimo, Captain Brett, vice-president, occupied tho chair. Mr. S. G. Robey moved,-" Thnt a lottor of condolenco bo forwardod lo Mrs. Cater, oxprossing tho rogrot of tho society at loBing the services of their lato csteoined trcusurer, Mr. Ernest Cater." Socondod by Mr. Cahill, supported by Mesgrt. Barnard, Crowloy, and tho chah man, and carried unanimously. Mr. AV. K. Keyte thon proposed,-" That tho ' HOUBO' do now udjuuin out of respect to tho deceased." in doing so Mr. Koyto spoko in high terms of the late treasurer, and referred at somo length to the many service« rendered to tho society by him. The motion was Bcconded Vy Mr. L. Armstrong, supported by Mr. D. A. M'Donald, ana carried. The meeting thon closed. The business for next evening will bo a mock trial by jury, written specially for the occasion. On Thursday night laBta well attended public theoring ¡h, connection with tho Granville branch of the Protection As- sociation, WAS held in the Albert Hall, Granville', Mf. Joseph A. Flower occupying tho oban. Thoro were present on tho platform-Mr. N. Melville, M.L.A., Mr. J. Thorp«, president of tho Parramatta brauch; Mi. E. Swane, secre- tary of tho samo brauch, und other prominent protectionists!. Mr. Melvillo spoko for about an horn und a half in the in- terests of protection, and was listened te attentively. During the ovuning the chairman felt compelled te forcibly eject a freetrader, who poisisted in interjecting. At til« conclusion Mr. Molvillo wua accorded a voto of thanks. 