A GHOST STOKY. \ "HOME'S FIRST YISXON.'; ("d. .d. nostK: ios iraii anb mission," by. j madame douglas bomb.) ' Homo was, as - usual; with his friend Edwin in the woods. Tlio two boys were both jeut ; readers, and when cither of them liiid found- imvthing in a book that interested him, it wus sure to bo communicated to tbo other. On this occasioii-rit wus in April, 18-15 or 1841-Edurtii was full of a ghost, story that ho 'had - j ust rend. . The ovent it related to is ussocintcil with tho history of a noble English family ; and I am told that it furnishod Sir Walter Scott with tho groundwork of ono of his bgtlhids. A lady anil her lover had mutually agreed that, if there were a life beyond this, the ono who iliod first should appear to tlio' survivor. In pursuance of this vow, the lover, within a few days of his death, pre'sciitod liiuiself to Ids mistress. Sho treutcd tho vision us a delusion of her souses i ; on which tho spirit stretched forth his hand and laid it on hers, leuvhig there it murk that was ino/faccablo. Many years after ho hud listened to this logend in tho wools of Norwich, Homo met in England a member of tho family to which it related, nnd . was assured that the history was well authen ticated, und that u portrait of its lieroino still oxisted, known in the family as " the lady with the bluuk- ribbon," from a covorlng sbo laid always worn on hor wrist, to conceal the mark. When Edwin's story was told the two boys sot thomaolves to dioeuss it, and also too possibility of such apparitions of departed spirits to thoso whom thoy havo loved on earth, with tho romance of their age, thoy ended by ugroo- ihgtobind themselves by the sumo promise that the two lovots in tlio legend hod tuxon, und ex changed vows on tho Bpot, in tho most solemn manner they could dovlse. A fow weeks lutor Home went to livo ot Troy. He was then about thirteen years of ago. In the mouth of Juno following he had been spending the even ing ut a friend's honso, and on .return ing to ; that of his . aunt found that .she had already retired to rest. ' Fearing to be scolded' for being luto, her' nephew hastened to follow- her example. It was a lovoly summer's night, and the moon, shining through the our- tainless window of his room, rendered a candle unnecessary ; hut at the moment when tho hoy, having finishod his prayers, was slipping into bed, her light wus suddenly durkenod. Startled by tho phenomenon, Homo Iookod up, and beheld a vision that lie has described in the opening chapter of his " Incidents in Hy Life," published in tho : yoar 1863 by Messrs. Longinan: "I was about to draw tho sheet over mo," he writes, "wliou u Budden darkness seemed to porvudo tho room. This surprised mo, inasmuch us I had not seen a cloud iu tho uky ; and on looking up I saw tho moon, still shining, but it was oil tho other side of the durkiicss, which still grow more donso, until through tho darkuoss thoro scorned to bo a gloam' of light, which I cnunot dcscribo; but it was similar to tliOBo which, I and many othors havo sinco seen wlion tho room Iuib been illuminated by spiritual presenco. This light increased, and iny attontiou was drawn to the foot of my hod, where stood my friend Edwin. Ho appoarad as iu a cloud of bright ness, illuminating his fuco with a distiuctnoBs more than mortal. . . .' Ho looked on me with a Hinilo of inoffablo sweotnoss ; thon, slowly raising tho right arm, ho pointed upward, and, muking with it three circlos in tho uir, tho hand bogau slowly to disappear. Thou the arm, una finally tho whole body, melted away. The natural light of tho room waa then again uppurent. I was Bpcechless, and could not move, though I retained all my reasoning fuculticB, As soon as tho powor of movomont wiib restored I rung tho boll, and the family, thinking I was ill, cume to my room, when my ilrst words words wore ; 1 1 nnvo seen Edwin- he died throo days ago.' A day or two after wards a lsttor was received announcing thu douth of Edwin after a very short illness. . Some timo ago tho oxporiments tlioy wore wore making in Franco on tho ofl'eet of . tho Lebol - projootiles upon human bodies wore noted.' - . Uuolaimod oorpses . from tlio public ' .mortuaries und hospitals, jvero set np and shot »U . 1 