THE OFFIOIAL POSITION OF WOMAN. UNDER TIIK OLD AND NEW DISPENSATIONS. A CLERGYMAN'S CONDEMNATION OF WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE. Tho okiicml XMttion of Women unilcr tho Old Testament Dispensation, compared with tho official jxjririon which alio can hold in tho Church of Christ, waa tho subject of n discourse by tho Rev. A. W. vresswou, delitored in tho Anglican Church, Camber- . well, on Sunday evening last. The Boriuon was followed with groat interest by tho ' congregation, and hns Attracted considerable ' nttuution. However much some of our rytulor may differ .with tho rev gentleman in tlio opinions ho has cxpreeafd, they wilt nil, no . doubt, feel constrained to .acknowledge the . Biblical knowledge, tho argumentative) power and vigor which ho haa brought to bear ' on thosubjech Tho discourse, as Mr CreMwcll observed in conversation, was, of course, ' addressed to those who lo-nk to tho Bible for direction and guidance. Inoxpressinghia vtmvs from this subjiet tlio preacherwas outspoken and decided. _ , The rev. gentleman took for his text Judges iv. -1, 44 and Deborah, a prophetess, the wife ' of Laimluth, uho judged Israel at that time.' Ho said . \Y« havo bren lately renting tho Run- day lessons from the Old Testament of the great cruelty and oppression of Jnbiu, th Cnnaanittah chieftain, of the somewhat tardy prowess of Barak, ihu military leader of Israel, and of the cteKporato deed of Jael, tho wife of Heber, the Kcnite. Wo have been reading of that, desperate deed of Jael, in which, that she might rid the people of God of an oiwmy and an oppressor, sho trampled under uh>- the tnoit sacred rights of Hospitality, and throw honor und good faith to tho winds. In form- itisr a right estimate of the deed of Jael, which is lauded to the skies in tho Sour of DutxiraU as a noblo net of heroism, let ns bear in mind this— although there may bo exceptional cinminstanci which even now might justify such an net, m tho caso of a notorious outlaw, a Naua balub, or evou a Morgan or a Kelly, or, in other wonlo, ,an enemy of God aud mn«» esi»eciaUy marked -out for destruction, as SUwa, tho executiomir of J.\biu'» cmclty, anpeara to have beem— neverthelcsfs we must bo careful not to judge of nit the acta and doings of Old Testament worthies by a Now To.stainont standard, for wo have attained to a lusher light, anil have ud- 'vanced to a higher code of morals, under the (Tostn'l, than ever Israel ot old had, under the Xaw. Xndjust as thoro were customs, m.. tHilvgamy, which were buffered to men of old time, " Vrpcausu of the hardness of their hearts, but cannot tolerated now, to there wero Actions of moral conduct which might pvss muster under tho older aiBjiensatinn, liut could not b« allowed to ataml in squars with tldsour g.ispcl pystmn of tilings. But I throw out theso considerations only by the way, and for tho help of tlioio whoso moral sense is apt to stumble at the ri-cord of ' this desperate deed ot .Tad, and tho sub ecquent applause it receives In tho inspired Song of Deboran. Let via now ivuw on to the Mibj'ect proposed for this evening; and speak ing ot jjeborah, the prophetess herself, ht us iirstof all consider the Providence of Hod. in raising up this remarkable woman to tlio im- iiortant office of -Tndgn in Israel, and Ictus we how far it is in harmony with other deal ings of His Providence, under similar circmn- stauct, in after history It Ja not the firt or only instance in which wo ic.id of priphctos .In th< OM Testament Besides lieljra!i, the wirci of Lapidoth, tlu-re was Miriam. thcpM'-rof M.vicu and Aaron ; Hannah under tho U:gh Priesthood of T'Hi, Huldft in tho resgu of tlif gocu! king Joniah. Hoadiah a canU-mixitary of the pronhot .Tercmiali/aud Anna .\t tiui birth of Christ, all of whom wero prophetesses in Iarael. But that a woman, although a propbt-teaa, should occupy ro prominens and imjiorfans a i>osition :w to bo Judge ami 'Sniritual Director of Israal, as Deborah wot, mu.it ho regarded as altogether exceptional. lu order to understand this, w« must rcmembor the condition uudec which tho people of Israel- lay at tho time. Having again dono evil in the sight of tho Lord, after tho death of Khud, the last judge, wo read that "tho Lord sold them into tho hand of Tallin, King of Canaan, that reigned in Hnzor, tho captaiu of whoao host was Hisera, which dwelt in Haroshcth of tne Gentilea, And tho children of Israel cried unto tho Lord, for he hart 1100 chariots of iron, and for 20 years ho mightily oppressed the children of Israel." Prom the Song of Deborah herself wo learu that tlni Israelites wero in consequence reduced to the wry lowest state of fear mid desjwndcncy, aud whilst Sisera una in_ command of l>0t) chariots iron-armed, tint is to say, with iron bpythea projecting from the axle, like the chariots of the ancient Britcua, the children of Israel were entirely unarmed ; fcr, as in tho days of BhuI in aftertime, regular wnapons had flisapfxhired from amongst tho oppressed pepu- lotion. "Was there a shield or a spear seen aiuung 40,000 in Israel," sing< the propnetesa. The ir.ait abject terror and alarm seem to have reigned in all hearts, " the highways weio unoccupied and the travellers walked through byways," and "the priuces or uiasis- irate ceased and censed until tlut I, Deborah, arose, that I arose a mother in Israel." Iu order then to rebuke them, as it would seem, for their cotvardico and unmanly terror of their enemy, and to inspire them with faith in Himself, tho Lord raised up a woman to their rescue, oven Deborah, the prophetess, to be both judge nnd director of the War of Insurrection. Just as in more modern tilurs, and under the Christian era, the Almighty, us if tu rebuke the French nation fur their meansniritcduess nnd pusillanimity, raiatul up Joan of Arc, a simple peasant girl, to drive the Knglidt out of Fr ar.ee, to reinstate tho French king, and to keep Franco for tlie French, at a timo when tho king himeeU, aud nil liia Koldiera aud atatesinon, were hanging down their iiauds in hopele di-spair, and giving up the cause of their country fur lost. For that Joan of Arc, in spite ol the eccentri city of her methods, was in some way really inspired and raised up by Heaven for this pur pose, we need have but littl i doubt. Her simple faith, her disinterested enthusiasm, and tlie purity of her life to tho end, all help to bear out the idea, and wo regard it va a fniil bint iidoii the national honor of Ivith England and France that sho wa3 so basely betrayed by tho ono country, and so cruelly martyred by the other. Iu tho case of Deborah, however, as a recognised prophetess, under tho Divine government of Israel, she appears to havo acted with a holier and mure nhaituned enthusiasm, and to have kept moro within ber proixr border as a dignified matron and mother in Israel. It waa not her own desire tu go up to tho battlefield in person, but simply to nominate, aa from God, t tie appointed Jenifer Barak, nnd to stir up both tho captain and hts 'soUhera by her soul-inspiring strains. It was only when, in reply to her diviuely- given command to .Barak to go up to tho battlefield at Tabor, ho aaid, " If thou wilt go with me I will go, hut if thou wilt not go with me, then I will not go," that aha consented, nnd how keenly must ho havo been rebukod for his cowardice nnd weakness of faith, when she exclaimed, " 1 will go, I will gn, notwith standing the journey shall not bo for thino honor, for tho Jxird shall sell Sisera into tho hands of a woman!" allud ing, of course, to his murder at thchnndt of Jael. Bur, now, leaving the case of Deborah which, in so far as shn discharged the oCra of Judge in Iaraol, waa, ns ivo have remarked, cntirily nxcep- tionnl— for, # although tho position of woman waa much higher aud moro honorable amongst God's chosen pcoplo than among tho surround ing nations, still it was, ns a nile, a position of subordination, c.., women might bo prophet esses under the Old Testament dhpt- usatinn, bat never in any case priests and only in tho instance before us, and for tho special purpoao of putting ft rebuke unou Tamel, do we read of n woman occupying the office of judge, I/sav ing then the case of Deborah and tho official position that wonum could occupy under the Old Testament, let us turn to the New Testa ment and obst-rvo tho position they could occupy in the Church of Christ, tho Spiritual Israel, nnd that which should bo tho true Theocracy. Wo are all aware of tha degrada tion in which women were fount! all over, the ' world till tho AdvontoE Christ, nnd how it was reserved for tho Gospel of .Toius to- ameliorato that condition, and to clcvato wonum into tho dignity of being the tmo help-meet fur man. instead of being the ulavo of hiacaptico and tho toy of hU fancy. Beginning at Hia v».-ry Incarnation, ns tho seed of tho woman, nnd tho Son of tho . Virgin, by putting tho very crrateet possiblo honor ujwn one individual of tlio aox, Christ plainly arunved there was no gift of graco or lileaiihg which He had to bvstow that was withheld from woman ns far as her own rccoption of it was concerned; the knowledge of ilia Word, tho light of His Spirit, nnd the grace of Hia Sacraments were equally fur her aa for man. »o.that in that respect St. Paul nlitocouldaay, "T.iereis neithorumhmorfomale, for ye an; all ono in Christ Jeauc." Alt that was withheld from her was the actual adminis tration or those ordinances by which the graces and blessings were given. Thus women wero never nineties, prophets, evangelists, or Kvstora, on the ono hand, nor were they biahopH, priests, or ileacoim on the other, but they allured equally with men i.i thoao common graces nnd blessings which tho Lord Jotua, who Is the Head, and Source, and Fountain of ell Ministry, imparted to the faith of Hia people through these. His ordained servants. Not, howover, l liattlieywerealtogetlicr debarred from exercise of any spiritual srife ntall that they might iioewws for tlw good of others, for in the earJy church the Holy Ghost was accustomed to speak in supernatural utterance, for the comfort nnd edification of the faithful, through other than recognised prophet, for tho promise had hcun " Your sons and your daughters shall prophecy." Aud thus we read in tbo Acts of "lour daughters of Philip, tho Evangelist, that did prophesy.". Again tficro wero curtain duties that apjicrtained to I ho deacons of tho early chnrch us distinct from their public ministration?, viz., those which had regard to tha help and consolation of tho Baints in pri vate, and in which women might take part, and - thoao women who were appointed for thL work were so fur fortii . called " deaconesses," e.g., Phccbe, whoso name Jim been : immortnliscd in tho New Testament, - and henco there was sufficiont Scripture authority for tiiat act of our Jato Bishop Moorhoueo, which bo performed ot South Yarra soma years ago, in instituting a well qualified lady to tho office otn deaconess 3or tho work of visiting and other ministration in private. But under tlio church of the Now Teatament tho offices of rule and government were withheld from women more strictly and', moro completely than e von under the law of t he CM Testament, notonly bocauno of th6 Divinely appointed law of woman's auboidiuatlon to txmafrom the/brgmuing of the OiMlIcn, but for tho fresh -treason that tho Lord, wlioJs jealous of His nrorog.vtivo as Head over all things to tho Church," was dosirousof sotting forth tha mystery of tho Churches' subordina tion to Uim by tho natural subordination of woman to man. This is clearly tho simplo ex planation of thoso admonitions on the i>oinfc that \vc find scattered throughout tho writings of the Apostle St. Paul, o.g,, " Let your women kcop silent in the churches, for it is not permitted unto them to speak, tmt to l>e under obedience, or also oaith the law." Again, " But I suffer not a womnu to tench, or to usurp authority over tho man, but to be in silence," Once more, " Wives, submit your- selves unto your husliands as unto the Lord, for tho husband is tho hand of tho wife, even ns Christ is the Head of the Church, and he is tho Saviour of the body ; 4 therefore, as tho Church is subject' to Christ, so lot thu wives bo to their husbands in everything." And surely it should go without saying that admonitions such as theso wore never intended for thu humiliation or oppression of the woman; for nothing could bo further from Mm heart of tho Lord Jesus Christ, the Lovo of God Incar nate, than such a thought oa tknt. Nay, but to uphold her in her truo plnco as tho help meet for man, to encourage her to fulfil her mission more nobly than over, nnd at tho samo timo to exalt hot to tho dignity and glory of sotting forth iu her own person tho mystery of tlio relationship of tho Church to Christ. Again, such admonitions do not turn upou any such invidious question as that of the lwrsonal superiority of tlio husband over the wife, but upon that fundamental principle of Divine order aud subordination which is " Heaven's first law," and I can conceive ot no moro de lightful eight to the oyee of tho Lord Jesu9, than for iv wifo who may, porchamv, bo con scious of an intellectual superiority tolmr bus band, to act against her own judgment, and defer to tliq judgment of hoc husband, simply becauRo ho is lior husband, "doing it as unto the Lord." Ami hero it may ho useful to remark, in order to do mvay with any unseemly glorying on tho part of the husband over tlio divinely appointed subjection of tho wife to him "in tiio Lord," that tho tnaching of tho New Testament on this point is like that of a two- edged sword, that cuts both ways, for llm very ram admonition of St. Paul last quoted, aud winch says, "As tho Church ia subject to Christ, so let tlio wives bo to their own hus bands in everything, " also goes ou to nay, " Husbands love your wives, oven as Christ also loved the Church, and gave Himself for it." Now, the practical bearing of the Apostolic injunction wo have l>ecn connid-.-ring on tho aoineivhat vexed question of tho propriety or otherwise of women preaching in public should be too obviou to need any comment. Such a practice, at any rate, in mixed assemblies of both men and womon ia clearly con :rary both to tho spirit and Jho letter ot tlie New Testa- uu'iit. The only apparent exception to this statement is where St. Vatil says," If a woman pray nr prophecy let hor do »» with her head covered, and which, at first sight, acenu to S'vo allowance to such a practice. ut thab is very easily explained by tlin fact referred to Gofore, that in the early Apostolic Church wonum wvrti jH'rniitted to opcak only when they sjKiko in prophecy, i.e, in rapt, ocstalic.and supernatural utterance, in which case they w»to simply thu organs or mouthpieces of the Holy Ghost, but, in accord ance with the other injunctions of St l'.vel, Uicy were never allowed to epeak out of their own mind, or to tench cx cathedra, and iu an authoritative mnntior. And now, lastly, what is tho bearing of the general subjective hnvu been considering ujion thai- burning nnd much debated questlou of the present day. as to whether or uot women should lmvo equal privileges with liitn in tho franchise! If it wero a mere political question I Hhonld not think of touching upon it m the pulpit, but it is because, ns I believe, if answered in the affirmative, it contains a principle that must sooner or lister tend to the subversion of the Divine order and subordination as between man and woman, that 1 do venturo to observe. That if women voted ns their husbands a:nl brothers do, it would simply luvu tho effect of multiplying the votes without altering tho ratio between them ; whilst if thuy voted independently it would have tho disastrous effect of cooiier or later breaking down thu very foundations of human society by introducing strife .nud divi sion into that ino.it sacred of all Divine inti- tiitions, ninrringenml tho family. Thus then we think wo hear tho hiss of tho serpent in that foolish outcry about "women's right," and we regard it as one of those many devices of Satan by which ho is seeking to overturn the goodly fabric of human society as constituted in Christ, and pave the way fur tho reign of Anti christ. All Bi- nsihle women are wr-U awaro that the moral influence they wield in the affaire of the Statu in simply incalculable, and let them be content with it. Of course, if they have nuy real grievances and actual (inabilities which tend to keep them from spheres for which they aro naturally fitted, the Dress ia oHm to them, and the Lcgialaturo will not turn a deaf ear to thpi». Let them ventilate their grievances, and have thuir disabilities re moved, but let them not be so unwise as to assert their claims iu such a way as to threaten tho subversion of tlio Divine order nnd subordination between tho sexes, lest in the end they brine main themselves, not n blessing, but a cttrno. lor it needs no prophet's tongue to predict that the putting forth of such claims on their part would be the death blow to all thu natural chivalry which man feels for woman, and would sooner or later load to a trial of tnrro physical strength, in which tlio weaker would infallibly go to the wall. Af ler all, as we said before, aud we cannot ton em phatically repeat again, tlio rationale of the whole matter we havo been considering lies iiot in any invidious question aboutthojM'reonal nr intellectual superiority of man over woman, but in that of a divinely appointed order nnd subordination between the two, which, by tlie way, is after nil only a matter of time, and of earth only. And who knows but w hat many a woman may win a higher place in tlio King dom of Heaven hereafter by her obedience than many n man by his authority, for in the world to come, you know, " they neither marry, nor are given in marriage, hut are ns tho angels of God," Ami who can tell how many such in stances there may be in which there h!juU bo hereafter, an application of the saying of tho Lord J«ua, "Tho last shall be first, and the first llSt." mm MM 