NEWS OF TUB DAY. ' Both Houses of Parliament meet to-morrow afternoon, and a busy woek 1 anticipated, ao the Government are beginning to make pre parations for dosing the session. In the Legis lative Assembly on Tuesday, the Redistribution of Scats Bill#wiil be further considered in com mittee, and Mr. Gillies will move the ' new sub- schedules containing tho amended boundaries of electorates which have boon re-adjusted in con formity to tho wishes of tho House. A new clauso will also bo circulated for the third reading extending the time, within which the new electoral rolls must bo prepared from tbo 1st February to tho 1st March. An effort is to bo made to push the He-distribution of Scats Bill through all its stages on Tuesday, in order that the measure I may be transmitted to tlio Council for con- I uideration this woek. On Wednesday the bill dealing with the abolition of plural voting Is to be proceeded with, and on Thursday the estimates will be considered. Two new bills aro to bo launohed this week by the Government, one dealing with tho Chinese question and having for its objoot the restriction of Chinese immigration, aud the other making provision for removing eomo of the grievances complained of by St&to; school teachers. In tho Legislative Coun- oil to-morrow tho most important business demanding the attention of hou. members will be the consideration of a motion to be moved by Mr. S. Frascr, for appointing a joint select committee to inquire into and report upon tho administration of the Public Servioo Aot by the Public Service Board. The notice paper also con tains a number of bills awaiting to bo pushed through thoir final stages. There was a brilliant usscmbUgo on Saturday evening in the Melbourne Town Hall, whou Alderman Benjamin inaugurated tho second year of his Mayoralty by ontertaining between 500 and 600 guests at- banquot. Amongst those present were his Excellency Sir Heury B. Loch j Lord Carrington, Govornor of Now South Wales ; Sir William Robinson, Governor of South Australia, Lord Hastings, Sir Maurice O'Rourke, Speaker of the Legislative Council of Now Zea land; Sir. James MaoBain, President of the Legislative Council and Centennial Exhibition ; Sir James Lorimer, Minister of Defence ; Mr. Gillies, Premier ; Mr. Cuthbert, Minister of Jus tice ; Mr. Nimmo, Commissioner of Public Works; Sir W. J. Clarke, M.L.O.; Sir Bryan OTiOghlen, M.L.A., Sir Arthur Nicol- won, Mr. F. T. Sargood, M.L.C.; Colonel Brownrigg, military oommandaut ; and other momber of the head quarters staff and naval branch of the defence forces, Mr. Justice AUcokett, Mr. Justice Wronfordaloy, several of the leading members of tho bar, pro fessors of the Melbourne University, ami the affili ated tcholaatio institutions, and a representa tive gathering of gentlemen connected with the commercial and manufactur ing interests of tho colony. On no previous occasion has the Town Hail presented a more brilliant appearance. The platform in front of the organ was grouped with shrubs and evergreens, diversified with statuary, amongst which were busts of tho Queen und Friuoe Consort aud tho Frinco and Princess of Wales, whilst tho galleries were brilliantly decorated with flags and national em blems. Mr. David Leo presided at the organ, and during the banquet performed several selections of music in an excellent xuannor. The speechos of tho Governors were tinged with strong patriotic seutiments and out spoken approval of colonial federation, and drawing closer tho bonds of union which bind the colonies to the mother country. Their speeches sounded the keynote to tboao which followed, and the result was every speaker added his quota to the loyal utterances of the repre sentatives of her Majesty tho Queen. The most successful Spring Mooting ovor held at Homing ton was brought to a conclusion on Saturday, when the course was patronised by tho largest attendance that has been re corded oa Steeplechase day. Throughout tho meeting the club has been szngqlariy fortunate In the matter of weather, and consequently the financial returns will be much creator than in any previous year. Saturday's programme con tained seven events, the first of which, the Maiden Plate, was won by IJox, with Ahli- valloch second and Quadrant third. Oar- bine again showed his excellence by cantering away with the FoalStakes, followed by Wycombe and Melos. Aldivalloch, who had run second in the previous raco, was also started for this, and considerable Indignation was expressed at the rider (Boose) punishing tho colt when he had no possible chance of getting near the winner. Tho Flomington - Stakes produoed a capital contest, S&v;&n;&k; just beating Unburn, Carrington and 16 other 2-yeor-olda, and Bravo made some amends for disappointing his sup porters in the Melbourne Cup race by winning the V.R.O. Handicap, The Yeoman fim«i»fng second and Chicago third. Though four started for the Steeplechase it turned out to be a one horse race, the favorite Flashlight finish ing alone, Tho Irishman, Robin Hood and Elleralie falling. In the case of the latter a circumstance occurred which showed that some more complete arrangement will have to bo made for keeping the crowd on the fiat in check. ApproAohi&g; the treble In front of the stand Ellerslie was some distance behind, and no Booner bad the other tlireo cleared the obstacles than the people rushed towards the rails, covering the stoeplechaso course and effectually destroying any chance Ellerslie might have had of making up his lost ground. The Cup wiuner, Mentor, scored a most popular win in the Can terbury Plate, beating Cyclops and the Austra lian Peer, the latter starting at odds on, and the meeting was brought to a close by The Queea winning the Free Handicap, followed by The Charmer and Loyalist. It was only natural to expect that tho fine weather which prevailed on Saturday would have a marked effect upon the railway traffio in connection with tlio Steeplechase meeting at Fleraington. The railway authorities m&de; every provision to meet a heavier traffio than that dealt with last year. It was well they did so, for the demands made upon the department have never been equalled so for as tho last day of tho mooting is concerned. According to a return furnished from the booklug office at the Spencer-street station, the, total number of pas sengers carried dlreot to the oourse was 15,474-, whilst £911 went -to Footaoray, and walked | across tho Saltwater Rivcr-bridgo to the flat. I Tlio train service was oonduotcd without tho slightest hitch or crushing. By including the passengers who proceeded to Flemingtou by vehicles and returned by rail amongst those who wont direct, the result shows that the total number of passengers carried both ways was about 32,000, and that the revenue collected was £4232 5s. 80. Saturday's attendanoo at the Exhibition was 15,141 payiug visitors and 1140 admitted on pauses. There were 1230 visitore to the aquarium and 1074 at the domb, making the total receipts for tho day £771 10s. 3d. During tho week. the Swiss Jungfrau Kapollo have boon performing at the Exhibition on sevoral occa sions, and their excellent eutertainments have been thoroughly appreciated, as offoring an agreeable change. A large number of New South "Wales and South Australian visitors to Melbourne during tho past holiday week, having concluded thoir stay, left for home on Saturday evening. Special trains left Spencer-street for Sydnoy at 10.55 p.m., and for Adelaide shortly after 8 o clock. Lord Corriugton aud his suite were passengers by the former. The Minister of Public Instruction hue deter mined to further strengthen the staff of school inspectors by the appointment of four addi tional officers. The work iu schools has in creased so much by the extension of the pro gramme, thai it is found impossible for tlio pre sent staff to keep abreast of it, and Mr. Pearson therefore intomU, nt an early date, to appoint four new inspectors, Tho vacancy .existing on tho inspectorial staff, caused by the retirement of Mr. T. Hepburn, has been filled by tho pro motion of Mr. A. Pwni. who l»ith«rto ditnhnrtrAil the duties of lecturer at tho training institute. Sir. T. F. Gumming, it Is stated, has resigned his seat In the Legislative Council, and in response to tho invitation of a number of his previous political supporters in tho "Western Province, Mr. "William Wilson will bo a candi date for the seat. A cheap oxoureion train will leave Melbourne this morning at 8.15 for Shaw's Reef and stations thence to Donald. Tho bookings are 15 first olass ami 100 second class passengers. To morrow a return train from those places will arrive in town" bringing 100 first olass and 500 second class p&saengers; Ssrgeant-Major Watt, of tho 2nd Regiment Coldstream Guards, arrived by tho mail steamer on Friday last to toko the position of drill instructor to the 1st Battalion of Rifles, In place of Sergeant-Major Garland, who goes to Ballarat as successor to Sorgeaat-Mnjor Burrows, lately returned to England. Tho now arrival was met I by Sergeant Howard, of the 3rd (Ballarat) ( Battalion, and other membors of tho forco of i similar rank. Mr, J. Bowse, J.P., held an inquiry at tho i Kxobaogo Hotel, Cheltenham, on Saturday afternoon, respecting the death of the young man, Lorenzo Mellon, who lost hie life - in Men tone Bay on tho previous afternoon. It appeared from the evidonco that tho deceased, who was an architect, and bod but lately arrived from Irolaud, went with threo , other youths, named Arthur Williams, , Frederiok Singleton and Frank House, for a nail on the Bay. A sudden squall arose, ond tho boat refused to answer lier holm, broached to imme diately and capsized. The occupants wero thrown into tho water, but managed to cling to the keeL Twice thoy wore washed from their hold, and the deceased, who was a good boatman and 1 swimmer, beoamo cxiiausted. He was washod off again, and being unable to regain the boat cried out "God help roe" and Bank. Tho oocurrenoe was witnessed by a largo number of picnickers on tho beach, and Dr. Johnson Williams, with Mr. Edward and Thomas Hepburn, quickly launched a boat and rowed to the spot where the mishap took place. Tho high wind and heavy sea raado tho work of rendering assistance tedious and dangerous, but all wero safely rescued except tho deceased. The-body was washed ashore at Mentono beach an hour and a half after tho occurrence. Dr. Williams tried nil known methods of restora tion, but without avail. Mr. Rouse found tho occurrence to have been the result of an aocidont, and tho deceased was buried in tho Cheltenham cemetery tho same after noon. Dr. Williams, tho Rov. D. Mcadoworoft and some of those who witnessed the accident, i but total strangers to tho deceased, attended tho funeral, and many ladies contributed floral tributes. At the close of tho inquiry Dr. Williams expressed his gratitude to young Hepburn for saving hia son aud helping him in ; tho rescue of the others. A remarkably sudden death occurred yester day afternoon at No. 100 FUudors- strcet cost, a boarding house kept by a Mrs. Merratt. A lodger named Sberord, who has been an occu pant of the house at different times for nearly 10 y oars past, was found by the landlady lying dead under the bed iu his room. Tho body was in a perfectly nudo condition, and ex hibited signs of convulsions. It scorns that the deceased, who wan a man of between 60 and 60 years of age, had been accustomed to tako his meals at a neighboring hotel, and as ho was of & reticent nature very little is known of his circumstances. On Saturday evening bo bud dinner at tho hotel as usual, and left for1 home at about 10.30, being then in his uvmal hoolth. At 1 o'olock tho next afternoon tho landlady heard him snoring heavily, and some hours later, hearing no sound from within, ohe pushed tho door opon and discovered tbo body. It is sup posed that tho deceased has a brother in busi ness as a postal contractor, and that other relatives reside In Gippsl&nd.; An inquest will be held to-day. Tho recent determination of tho members of the Prahran city council to increase tho city rate from Is. to Is. 3d. iu the pound is causing considerable indignation among the citizens. A preliminary meet ing of ratepayers was hold at tho Morning Star Hotel, South Yarra, on Saturday evening, Mr. Sykos, J.P., in tho chair, to consider what steps Bhould bo takon to prevent tho counoii from proceeding with tho proposal! taxation. After iis- ousston it was decided to wait on the mayor of Prahran this morning and ask for the use of the town hall for to-morrow evoning or such dato as maybe oonveniont, for tho purposo of holding an indignation meeting. The Presbyterian AssomJdy of Victoria is to begin Its sittings iu the Assembly Hall, Collina- street to-morrow morning. Tho actual sitting days will bo six, though they will extend over a fortnight, and the hours of meeting each day will be from 10.30 a.m. to 1 p.m., from 2.30 p-rn. to 5 p.m., and from 7.30 p.m. toll p.m., after which no new business will bo taken. There is & largo amount of business set down for transaction, but it is generally of a routine character. In response to an invitation Issued by Mr. M. Wilson, president of the shire of Oakfeigh, about 60 gontlomen partook of dinner In tho Oakieigh council chambers, on tho evening of the Princo of Wolw's Birthday. The toast of the Parliament of Victoria was proposed by Mr. J. Jordon, who condemned tlio Opposition as fac tious, and responded to by Mr. J. Keys, who asserted that the Ministry bad done their ut most to advance the interests of the oolony at huge. Mr. J. Scott proposed, The Health of Our Member, Mr. Keys, than whom, ho said, no Parliamentary representative washeld in-more esteem. Mr. Keys, iu reply, said he had en deavored to do his utmost for tho South Bourko district, and felt sure that those who wore formerly opposed to him politically wero now Among his warmest supporters. The health of the president was proposed and rospuuded to, and other toasts having been honored, au en joyablo gathering terminated about 11.30. The spring exhibition of the Victorian Artists Society, whioh is to be opened by his Excellency tho Governor for private view on Friday next, will afford visitors an opportunity of judging of the progress whioh has been made in the fine arts m fclik oolony. Tho pictures are for the most part lurger works than those of the autumn exhibition, and the landscapes show tli&t; the artists have beon exploring new fields for Australian eceuery. The hauging is now completed and the works, numbering 141, have proved sufficient to ocoupy the available wall spaoo in tho gallery. Artists will bo admitted to re-touch their pictures to-morrow and the' exhibition will bo open to the public on Satur day next. Fun on the Bristol was reproduced at the Temperance Hall last Saturday evening. Sophia is to be withdrawn from the Bijou Theatre after Friday next. Tho last nights of Hands Across the Sea are announced at tlio Theatre Koy&h; At tho Princess's Theatre, on Saturday even ing, The Mikado was repeated. The lost nights of Carmen at the Opera House aro announced. On Wednesday evening The Boheminn Girl is to be produced. There was a largo attendance at the Alexandra Theatre on .Saturday evening, and tho omottoual drama, Tho World Agum>:t llcr, was successfully repeated. The some piece is announced for rqietitiou ooch oveuing during tho present week. "Wrath's circus was crowded both on Saturday afternoon, when a special matiaoo performance was given, and in the evening. Tho display of horaoroumhip by Mr. g. Wirth and Mr. P. Montgomery elicited especial applause from tho spectators, who iu addition found delight in tho performance of the large stud of horses and ponies and in tlio comicalities of the clowns. Tho Jungfrau Kapollo gave anothor of their attractive entertainments at tho Athcmcuin Hull, on Saturday evening, in tho presence of au appreciative audience. The programme, which was new, was as usual a varied aud in teresting one, und it evoked hearty applause, tho vocal efforts of Hon M⁡, and the musical performances on tho instruments peculiar to this company, being particularly appreciated. Tho entertainment will bo repoatod this ©von- ing. There was a good attendance at the Hibernian Hall on Saturday night, when Messrs. Hisoocks i and Friedman's Minstrel and Variety Company submitted an entirely new programme. All tbo songs, dances, Ac., wero woll received, and tho audience seemod thoroughly ploouod with tho entertainment. A imw programme presented r.fc St. George's Hall on Saturday evening attracted a crowded house, aud tho audience wero demonstrative in Allowing their appreciation of tlio comedietta, A Cup of Tea. in whioh Mum L. Ralinirar. Messrs. A. Holland, H. P. Cogill ond J. Gourlay appcnrotL A musical extravaganza entitled Patchwork and an oxccfriivcly droll sketch founded upon tlio ghost walking socno in Harnlot %rero also -performed. "I'On Saturday evoning Pain's fireworks drow togothor a groat number of visitors, the display boing an extra one, consequent on the postpone ment on the previous evening owing to the wot weatbor. Tlio sot pieces — devices and descrip tive fireworks — received repeated applause, mid especially tho fire portrait of the Princo of Wales, who was shown in tho act of smoking a cigar, the portrait being sot in a frnmo sur mounted by "I'm 47 to-day." The band con cert, under tho leadership of Mr. Julius Hcrz, was muoh appreciated, and tho illuminations wero on the magnificent scolo for which Mr. Tain is now so noted. The noxt display will be to-inorrow night. A paper will be read beforo tho Jewish Literary Society, at tho Australian Church Hall. Flinders- street, at 8 o'clock tliis ovoning, entitled The Jewish Wat under Hadrian, by tho Rov. J. Fried- lander. Visitors iovitod. Tho usual fortnightly public temporanco meeting of the Melbourne Woman's Temperance Union will he held tbu evening, at 8 o'clock, in the Temperance Hall, uuMoll-streat, when Mr. Stockwell will deliver an addre&t; entitled How to IUad Public House Signs. Tho seventeenth animal meeting of the Sccloty for tho Protection of Animal will bo held this after, noon, at 4 o'clock, in No. 0 room of tho Town Hull- Tbo Mayor of Melbourne will preside, and it la ox- pectcd that tho B.ahop of Melbourne, tho Chief fiocretary, the Attorney-General and others will take jiart hi the meeting. The election for tbo two ordinary vacancies in tho Coburg board of advice, canned by tho retirement of Messrs. A. Muurouiul J. Holt by effluxion of time, took place on Saturday. The retiring candidates wore opposed by Cr. Jukes and Mr. J. T. Vincent, an ex -president of the shire. The two retiring members were re-elected, the result of the poU being -Iloit and Munro, 151 each. Jukes 45 and Vincent 44. A public moeting Ik convened for this evening at 9t. Brigid's school room, North Fitzroy. for the purpose of raising funds to aid Mr. a a. ParneU and his colleagues in their defence against the accusations of tho Tivwi. Tho mooting is to bo hold under tho auspices of tlio Celtic Homo Rulo Club, and the Rov. Mr. M'Kenna is to pre side. r 