OUR AGRICULTURAL LETTER, IT is well to know that while Auitralisi farmers are everywhere reoommended to turn their attention to fruit-growing for the English market, as a profitable alternative to the everlasting wheat, the fruit-growers in England are watohing our movement;, and are taking steps to repel what they look upon as a hostile invasion. Wheat-growing is even more unprofitable in England thu it ia hpre, and farmers throughout tie United Kingdom are, equally with ontsehet, casting about for the discovery of something that will pay. They see by statistical re turns that the value of tbe fruit imported into the United Kingdom sums up several millions sterling. Tbey see, moreover, in their own villages dried apples and^other fruits from Amerioa selling briskly in tht grocers' shops. Taking oounsel together, the farmers and borticslturists of Kent, sod other oountieB celebrated for frnit, Hive held meetings, and formed oo-operative oompaniei for prosecuting the fruit-drying industry, with the view of keeping the oommand of their looal markets sufficiently supplied to supersede alike the present importations ol dried fruits from Amerioa and cboke off the threatened influx of similar consignments from Australia. . , Of course the men of Kent are quite fight to strain every nerve against being supereeded in their own fruit markets by American and Australian importations; and they vul oonoede the like privilege of energetio aotion to their Antipodean rivals in the trade. There is nothing mean or nnderhand in the matter at all. But if we expect snooew io supplying dried frnit for tbe English market we must thoroughly study the inexorable conditions upnn whioh suooess oan only w aohieved. Unless Australian growers are prepared to place as good or better drw fruit on the English market than theAmencans already send, or than the Engw» growers oan themselves supply,SUOOMB OMnot be looked for. Experiments in fruit-drying on rather » extensive soale have already been tnea « Maidstone, in Kent, and with veiy factory results. Details of the experiment* and'the conclusions to be drawn from»«» Bre published in the leading hortiooltotu journals, and there are some things mentioned that Australian novioes in the w would do well to treasure up lot guidanoe., One faot dearly brought out oj the experiments is that, for drying, only"' beBt sorts, and ibese in tbe beat oondmon, should be used. There is an impresiion generally prevalent that, by drying, let may be found for lots unsaleable euwr because inferior in quality or. «•» keeping. Tbis is a most erroneous now* It must not lor,one moment be im«ginw*"_ stale fruit oan be freshened up hyMJ.?" eess of drying, or that unsound fnut.* 1 " made palatable. When dried frtuM r™ required for use they are soakedjn and are thus restored, to their origin" dition, whateyer that may haw been- , feotly' ripe . fruits, iredUy g a A f ^ pr6mptly^ried, will retain all ttdr^^ aroma, flavour, and oolonr. Bows »ter will restore these qualities, and will V nlamp out the fruit to its original bulb. Bat {rata that are dried after being gathered *. marketed—perhaps returned from market nosold involving a delay of several days, dnriDg' vbioh they will lose both colour and flsfonr—o» n only, after drying and soaking, be restored to the oondition they were in at the time of preparation. All this points to the advantages derivable from treating the fruits on the spot, or, at jeaet, in oIobb proximity to the orohards hMre grown. . . . . The apparatus used in the experiments were of the American type, the same or similar to those known here as " Spawn's," whioh are commonly sold in Melbourne, and there >« nothing difficult or mysterious in the 988\. All kinds of fruit were suooessfully „„.joatsd, from the soft strawberry and raspberry to the hardest kind of winter apples. The apples are pared, cored, and elioed or quartered by a small hand maohine worked by a boy or girl. The pieoes are then plaoed either in one of the Amerioan dssiooatora or in one of the hop-oasts or ovens80 oommon in Kent. Hop-growing having beoome rather unprofitable in England beoaUBe of nnrestrioted importations many of the hop-oasts are unused, and that they may be utilised in some way is one of the motives for promoting the fruit-drying industry, it is found that any sort of oven or ohamber where heated air oan be supplied answers quite as well as.any of the Amerioan desiooatiug contrivances. Where a olose oven or oast is used the fruit to be dried is plaoed on wooden trays or shelves, and a current of hot, dry air turned on. Ths air may be heated by any common stove or by a team ooil. After being subjeoted to a onrrent of hot, dry air for about three hours, it is found that the whole of the moisture in he fruit has been abstracted. The fruit, now considerably reduoed in bulk and weight, oan be easily paoked in boxes or barrels for sale. The boxes or barrels must be new and of uniform size. When wanted for use, the fruit, as already mentioned, is simply soaked in water when it will resume its original bulk and flavour, whatever that may have been—fresh or musty. This movement in England to supersede the importation of dried fruit should have the effect of direoting tbe attention of Australians chiefly to those frnits whiob oannot bB advantageously grown in the old country, suoh as grapes for raisins and tbe orange tribe. Apple*, pears, and suoh like may, of course, be grown to any extent here for exportation to England in a fresh state. All the dried fruits in the world, no matter how good thsy may be, oan never supersede the demand for fresh fruit, and that we oan supply at a season when fresh fcuit in the Northern Hemisphere, of looal growth, oan not be had. Regarding dried fruit there is one contingency that may be kept in view. The proteotive movement in progressing in England rapidly, and it in nut at all improbable that while no import duty on breadstuff^ would be tobrated, still promotive duties on fruits and other minor prodn;t,s might be adopted. Bat there is much encouragement for extended fruit-growing, apart ' altogether from exportation. Melbonrae and other lar^e oentrea of population within the oolony are still very miserably supplied with fruit, whic^ has never taken its proper plaoe as an article of regular diet. It may seem unreasonably querulous at this season of the year to oomplain about the soaroity of good apples and pairs j but still they should not bu so dreadfully expensive. I see splendid fruit in the shop windows, but on going inside to ask the prioe it is ei^htpenoe to a shilling Mr piusd. Inferior sorts oan be bought ofieaper, but they are often simply uneatable, and, unless cooked, positively injurious. O .anges are selling in the streets sometimes as low as 3d. or 4d. per dozen, but they are" miserable things, not muoh bigger than marbles Even the larger kinds, at a higher prioe, are sometimes more pith than pulp. Really good oranges cannot be got lower thau Is. 6d. or 2?. per dozen. Cold, wintry weather seems to have pre vailod everywhere of late. Beyond cheoking the growth of pastures, this kind of weather oannot be deemed anweloome, especially as it has been aopompaoied with, a plentiful ("apply of moisture. Crop reports, though a little oheqaered here and there, are, on the whole, decidedly favourable. Muoh of the wheat was put in undesirably late in the seaKon, but that drawbaok, with the moist, i:ool weather now prevailing, may be over come. Ia a recent Argus the fallacy is repeated tbat^ in India wheat can be put on board British vessels at is 93. per bushel. In a aukrequent issue two days later appeared a letter from the London correspondent of the Argtu, in whiob this is set downs—"The supplies of Indian wheat, of course, conj'nua small, as' India cannot ship wheat in large, quantities at the low prioes now ruling." The real.faot, as I think I have clearly demonstrated lu previous letter*, is Wt wbo&t; can be thrown quite as cheHply in vio oria a* in India; that a prioe whiei does tiot pay here will not pay there. It is muob the game with the bogie about Amerioan competition in the wheat markets of the world, or the threatened competition of the Argentine Bepublio. Each oountry has its "ptoial advantages, no doubt, but eaoh « muiry has also its special tirawbaoks; and, 0 0 'ne whole, t.htre is not even the ghost of a *hy Victoria should ikot hold its '"u; is regard* whfeav against any "Other ® "miry in the world: Wheat growers have enough <-i genuine discouragements to jutebd again«twiihont having imaginary f»u« objured n .: 1 / L' The Worst o it ia that by frequent repetiion even the wildest misstatements come to e Implicitly believed. In the Uteat pub. lisbed section of the evidence taken by the Royal C iminisfion on Vegetable Products, Mr. Edward Hulme, a Hicoessful farmer on the King River, near Wangaratta, talking abont farming disabilities, said:—" We oannot compete with the world (I am a freetrader to tbe backbone) without we have the same appliances. Irrigation plants, etc., in Oalifornia are abont half the prioe they are in Melbourne, and if we are handigapped in that way we oan never compete with the world. We must goto the world's market." Mr. Hulme does not seem to be aware that Protection is even more rampant iD Oalifornia than it is in Viotoria. The import duties on machinery and ironwork ere simply prohibitive. Labour of every kind, and especially skilled labour, is better paid there than here, and the ooBt of living is higher. Therefore, it would be safe to assert that it is simply impossible that "irrigation plants, etc., are about half the price they are in Melbourne." That such things are oheaper at all I do not believe; probabilities point quite the other way. 