THE QUEENSLAND GENERAL ELECTIONS. Pru'arationb for tbo gonoral elec tion#, coosvquent on the dissolution of the Legislative Assembly by eifiuxioa of time are proceeding in Quooniland political circle. The old party lines are likely to bo much disturbed by the intrusion of the came ot Protection. Sir Tuoua-s M'luviutTH. although not now in Tarlia- moot, U effectively tbo leader of tbo Opposition. Hut ho is known to be a Protectionist. The I'retnlor, however, lias recently been converted also to Protection. On both sides a split is tho consequence. Mont of tho leading Oppositionist are Free-traders. On the Government side nlso many of Sir Samusi. GuimrH'n old adherents are not prepared to follow biw in his fiscal conversion. Mr. Katm, M.l\, a resolute Protec tionist, b said to bavo in hand no less a task than to bring about a rapproeAtmsnl between Sir Thomas and Sir Samuel. Meanwhile, it u expected that noxt week tho latter will banc his Government m uni tes to in the form of an address to the elec tors of North Brisbane. TheToowoomba Chronicle, owned and rnn by the Speaker of the Aitombly, the lion. W. 11. Ouoou, who boa continuously represented Too- woomba in thu llousa forovcr a quarter of a century, and b regarded aa the meat astute politician in Qaeonalaad, rocj straight for Protection. Mr. Groom baa declared decisively that Pro tection venua Free . trade will bo the battle cry all through tho Darling Downa electorates— the chief farmtog con stituencies In Queensland- ao! that no candidate who does not advocate Protec tion will have tho ghost of a chauco of being returned. Tho aatuo excellent authority alleges that a very largo number ot Protectionists, if not an absoluto major ity, will be returned at tho forthcoming elections, ont of tho 72 memben who con stitute the Assembly. Sir 8. Gmrrrrit's conversion Is, like Sir It. Wisdom's, duo ' in tho first instance to tho misery ho saw la England under Its Frcc-trado policy. In speaking of Protectionists and Free traders in Queensland, It mint bo bornoin mind that there aro thoro no Froo-trndora of tho PABsas-DuuNs distinctive ordor. Queensland already has Indiscriminate Protection in tho form of all- round 71 por .cent, ml ralorrm duties. As yot BO man bos mado his oppcarnneo In political life there mad enough and unpatnotle onough to emulate our precious pair, aod Imitate their determination to swocp away orcry veatigo of " Tho Creature Protection," no matter although every Australian Industry which had grown op under such Incidental help would be destroyed by tbo operation. The fight in Queensland will, in reality, bo between people willing to adhere to indb- criminate and casual Protection, and thoso who desire to substitute a discriminating Protection, duly thought ont, and adjusted te give the maximum of assistance to suit able industries, while relieving the con sumer from imposts winch give no en couragement to native enterprise. 