SKEnnEit. Speed. Rates of Motion of Things Ccloslial nuil Terrestrial. 1 " An? you in a burrj'?" 'Iain-in a great hurry I" " Then wait till the hurry goes ov you." So says Paddy go A'py, as though baste were a fever fit or a furor Ifcrin. ^ And he has plenty to help liim in doing n« lii tie ne can be helped. (%. r<i piano 1'rf ki'.m -fair and cany goes far io the day, tlic longest way round is tho shortest way home, aod so oo. But the old senueof speed ia success, aod that is clearly its purport iu "the mors haste the worse speed." Evil speed was a common English expression, meaning ill success-for success meant the iseue, whether good or bad 1 .-aod probably explains tho old CUISP, "Bad oess to you 1" The radical origin of speed, too, eeems to be in the direotion of extending, , increasing, doing well, having room. There ; j could not well be a more striking illustration i of these last phases of the word than 18M Groombridge tearing headlong through space st the rato ot 200 miles in a sooond. Quite a eeventh rate star, too, although, the beat on reoord so (ar. It is a speed which _ goes as muoh beyond the graip ol imagination as it outstrips the swif tness of our nerve messages, whioh only do a trifle ot the twelfth ol a mile in the same time. The only way to get some idea ol Mo, 1830'n gait of going is to go to work eomewhat thus: The fastest running now made by English railways is perhaps tbe (ireat Northern's JO.") miles from (inntham in J18 minutes ; but trains have been driven 100 miles an hour. Double it and we cover in an hour what this particular but by no means bright star does in a second. Then we must multiply the 200 milos an hour velocity by sixty, and then again increase thai sixty fold more before we oome up with 1830 Oroom brldpe. He goes '.MS times as fast as eound, 8115 times faster than a poor Martini-Henry bullet, and heeBn Rive the sun (in his journoy toward Hernuleel 1 !)."> miles a second find liok easily. One begins to feel sorry (or sun worshippers. So faraeoan be judged- whioh is not far-1880 ie not moving in any orbit, bat going right away to parts unknown. II is » runaway, in faat, flying on a_ boundless course through infinite epaoe, with such a momentumt.hat the attraotion of all the steller universe we can are with the biggest telcsoope has no effect upon it. II it baa always been going on like that, it muBt have come from sorcewbere else altogether, and have nothing whatever to do with the mass of stars within our constant ken. Is it some Luoifer from another and a worse world, falling, falling from his high estate, never to hope again? It is a relief, after this, to think of some thing slaw, cuoh as a Frenoh express or the oreeping of the blood corpueclea through the capillaries of the retina, where they give those curious spfotres that »t times annoy Rood sinbt: it takes them an l.our to move a loot. Snails are racchorseB to thii, doing fcis good, long paocs in tbe same time. Burck bardtVbest camels of the Hedjiz took ten hours to cover 111 miles. After nil is ?aid and done, lost or won, the speed of " the boat raoc" is bat thirteen miles an hour; a common house fly in its Bnunter ing flight goes a third featcr. A drop of rsin falls at the rate of twelve yards a eteond, and . man can throw a stone at (he rato of about thirty-six miles an hour. Aequiik as thought it is a veil worn old saying ; but that may mean but a jog trot old gait, too-witness tho legendary Soot who was told a joke in tbe ooaob at Berwick, and when ho got to Not tingham slapped bis lrg in triompb and eaiJ, " 1 hae it noo I" " At the rate of a hum" was a phrase of our forefathers, generally used in a bad sense, though, cf thiogs that wrre going wrong. But what can a horen do, nf'.cr nilZ some forty miles an hour for short disUr.c >«; and such names as Kjlipte and Flying Chil dcrs were given beore the Bsotch Limited or the Wild Irishman were dreamt of. 1 he re putation of the horse has become barbarian within the jubilee half century, mid similar names (or him can be traced back into the night of Ohineso hiitoiy, when King Mu, years ago, had a team so ewiit that they were called Katth <j jitter, Wing Flapper, Fog Runner be:au(e he oouricd in tho dark mist through everything, like an Atlantic liner; shadow liner; light beater, wing flanked and oloud climkor, which Rive the idea of Pi>gaens and the Enchanted Horse of the Thousand and One. A grayhound oan gi at the rate oi about fifty-seven miles an hour. Four oarrier picecna of Count K uoly'a flew from 1'iBth to Paris in lss l at the rate ofl 1 i miles an hour, kept np for seven boars; bat swallows are computed to do 150 and eirilts an muoh us 200\. Ariel, who rodo upon tbe.curled olouda anil drank the air before him, might be men tioned here, ana tint-perhaps it vis no more than & threat of putting a girdle round about the earth in forty minutes-was dangeroualy near the later discovered orime of disrespect to the rqqator, which takes twenty-four hours, at 1.010 miles an hour, to every tarn. In a very high old astrologioal time the brag might have brought that" tricksy spirit" within tho blasphemy laws. Tides do not give land lubbers, or sailors either, a very high notion of speed, but Whewell has calculated that in the North Pacific the tide commotion travels at the considerable rate of 1.600 miles an hour, while a surfaoe tempest wave moves bat fifty. But the oommotion of a proper earth quake, like that of Granada, in Dooember 1881, beats the tide hollow. The shook reached Greanwioh in seven minutes, being some 8,810 miles an hour. An American ice Saoht will skim along at seventy miles an our, just beating the eagle and the paokages in the post ofllce pneumatic tubas. The Oon Dcoticnt cyclone of 1882 did 2li0 miles an houreasy. Our present polar star is by so means RB steady Be its reputation, (or it baa ft very rapid motion of itsown, equal to (some fitty-sixmilos a minute, Kjund which travels but some 1,100 feet in a second through tem perate air, ia sent along eighteen times as fast ae that, or about four miles a second, through white pine timber. Tbe fine old fashioned house ghost was not muuh of a gadabout, being of a domestio and eves mopish. turB.fcnd we do not know what the usual speed of a brand new epoolt is, but it oan scarcely exceed that. If we only admit that tbe builder of a row of bouses, cr of a big country house, puts accidentally or of purpose, the timbers of one room or dwelling end on to those of another, the " noises" cf a haunted house would bo easily explained by tho superior ability shown by a 'eal scantling for conveying sound from a distance, and many an innocent poor spook would be let off free. 1 It is not quite modest to speak about our felvoa in all this wonderful company; but modesty, after all, ta but a secondary quality, and we aro indubitably each one of ue. no!nit valem», waltzing round the BUD at tbe rato of eighteen miles a second. This leads pgain to 185)0 Groombiidgp, who, BO far BBobserva> tione of astronomers have yet cone, yields only to comets, IIiUojV, when neortho sun, going tbirty-EGvcD ruiloR further in tbe s:cond. Bat tbe big comet of 161:* beat that considerably, reaching a Fpeed of H25 miles a seoond. Pav einR by solar eruptions greater speed must be ?ought in far more tenuous eeeencee. Tbe elcorric current in an overhcited wire travels 22 *>00 mi'si Sn a second of time, and Mill, like Spied, servant to Valantine, it is "chidden for being loo slow." The electric light eceirfi to out instruments juet to beat that of tho Ann-tho drum io the old song eays, "1 doubt it"-Hulling 188,000 miles in a second, and tlic greatest voloeily ever measured by or&wliag; man is that of the clcotrio discharge at a linden bottle through a Blender copper wire, which wag computed to bo 2S(J,OOD mllciaeccond* I makes tight-If no r is substituted 