OLD HME ECHOES- f A seria ofAorl gtrriesfiwndei mfacL ) BY KATBtPTE. No I — Ton Eyas's last Pbacitcax. Joke. Talking of practical jokes, taflada,' said old Frank Harvey, the sob-over seer, as we all sat or reclined about Use station bat door one very sultry evening in December, enjoying oar nsaal. after supper pipe preparatory to ' tnrning in, and at the same time dissnseing : the subject which had led to Shank's re mark, ' brings to my mind an incident, or rather a train of incidents that happened on a place called' Nanga- wanah, where I held my first billet long ago in the forties — I wouldn't be sore which one of 'em.' As Frank's anecdotes — of which he had a goodly stock — were proverbially interesting, and, what is more, never aavonred of that ' blow' which is the distinguishing characteristic -of many of the old hand ' class, we atl tnrneda look of expectation upon him, whereat, after first methodically pressing his stumpy forefinger into die bowl cf his short-stemmed ' cutty,' he removed it torn his month, expectorated violently, and began. .. When I was quite a new hand on the place, acting in the capacity of. general "rondabaat," sometimes awhring the coor,andat others gmngthestoefc-odera or mnsterers a hand, it happened that the boss, en a return trip bom town, brought along a young chap he had picked op somewhere an the road to fill a vacancy caused by tins disappear ance off the station of one of the bound ary riders, a chap called Ned Magsn. Strange rumours were afloat too eon- <w«ing thia yupa at ths time, one being that Ned had joined a mob of blacks, whose propensity fee relieving thestation of sheep had cansax them to lose the " number of their mess" more than once. . What gave rise to this nation of Ned's having joined the marauders arose from the fact that the boss bad on one occasion surprised him giving one of the young Inbras we knew he was sweet on a lug handle, which, on being opened, was found to contain various articles of food and drink. Now, as we had all got orders not to give the blacks any encourage ment, this was an act of open dis obedience on Ned's part, and yon may be sore be got it pretty hot torn the boss, who told him he'd give him tile sack at once only the station was short of hands. Ned was a very moody silfint sort of chap, and, no donbt, plotted his next act as mnch frommotives of revenge as anything rise. However, he sloped of his own accord a few nights after, first breaking into the ration store and taking as much as he could cany in the shape of floor, tea, and sugar, along with him. Bat it was not until Billy Graham, the lad the boss had brought to fill Ned's place, had been on the station for three weeks that we could arrive at any certainty as to where Ned had gone, his whereabouts hafflmg even the police bom the township, who, at the boss' instigation, were on the look out for him. Then one of the lads comes in bom mastering with a white bee and trembling all over, and tells as that the dead body of Ned lay just beyond the homestead paddock on a by- tr&ck; to the township An investiga tion showed three spear wounds in the bead and as many more abont the body, telling that the black devils had done for him, aa they always did for those who befriended them in any way — an JUnsteation of their want of reasoning capacity.' Bare old Frank stopped for a few moments as if to collect his thoughts, which had indeed, we thonghti wandered ; bom the oriental snbiect. while we ex- pectantly awaited what was to come. 'Pm gettin old, thafs a fact? he said, half to himmlf, and can't spin a yarn as I naed to, bat you'll exensa my wlilin' style boys and not get im patient? Yes, yea, Frank, old man! -We all . exclaimed, plainly "titiring nnr jm. patience to hear ths ending of the story however. Let me see!' said fVank slowly, and knitting hn brows mesnwbils, where was I? Yon were speaking of the black's want af xeasjmngfacnltyJ I' observed enmHiragpagly- '' . \- Yes, yes r he uswsndjbat that has notiiingho do with -the vneidflnt. Wril, as-'is always the casB, a yonng ctoeoanes cm te a statwra'firgt, notafaovetixteenbr with them, bat took the boy's part, and would'nt allow him to be pat on by any of 'em when I conld possibly help it ' There was onefiuqv&o; name'Siras Tom Ryan, and todio w&s; an in0terab| practical joker in rough way,3 and from the diyrSi% Grahaia came on to the plaoe "Rrm Sever let him Alone, bnt took every cbance of playing off ins joki"d'n Turn', bm"was''a''sb»ppiSg" fellow of twenty-fire or so, pleasant chap enoqgh, bnt the mqst„ thoughtless, I ever . came across. I am sore he never thought ef the consequences of any thing, bnt did jost whatever took his fancy on the spur of the moment. Young Bill ' was the most fearless youngster I ever clapped eye; on, and had a quiet' obliging manner that won 1 tbe good will of all in a very short lame, though some of the hands wonld often impose on his good-natnre in their own interests. Thus one afternoon the boss told Tom Ryan to go into the black smith's at the township with a broken ploughshare, which be was to get mended and bring oat the same night, so that ploughing might be contiaued ! early next morning ; Tom, who had a lazy fit oo him, immediately turns the job over to young Billy, and the latter gladly coneented to oblige him. Tonur sarprise, Young Bill started off afoot, though he ought have ridden, saying that the walk— six miles — would ao mm gooa, ana ne was sick ot being in the saddle, as well he might have been,for a boundary rider's billet wasn't tbe 'chock in ' tben that it is now boys, and mostly meant beiag in the saddle from morning till night No sooner had he gone than some devil or other pat it into Tom's head to frighten the boy on his return, which would be at abont eleven o'clock, and the night was as dark aa pitch. He confided his premeditated joke to all hande,and tbe reflection that I warned him not to proceed with it does me good to this day. By this time the lad had grown to be more than a mere favourite with me. He was ao upright and frank In all his actions, and so gently inclined that I warmed to him as I might have to a eon or younger brother, whilst he wonld always seek my advice abont any work he was not sure of ; and we had grown almost inseparable companions when— but yon are getting impatient lads. 'These jokes never come to any good Tom,' I argued. 'Take my advice and leave the boy alone.' ' ' Bat Frank,', he returned, ' it'll he snch fan to play ghost on the track where Ned's body was fonnd. Bill 'II think it's Ned come back to do him ont of his place agon !' -Here most of the others roared laughing, bat I shook my head ib disapproval, though, to tell you the troth, I did not believe for a moment that anything would frighten Billy: tbey had tried ' the ghost trick on him more than once before, and he had appeared totally indifferent to it. Bnt how I cursed my folly afterwards for not starting off to warn the boy on finding Tom inflexible in bis resolve. It was neariog- midnight when Billy returned, and I was the only one up io the hut, the others having turned in ex cept Tom, who bad gone to cariy ont bis joke and had not come back. 'Hungry, Bill?' said I, setting a pannican of hot tea along with a bnnk of browny before him on the table; ' that there light's almost out,' as I proceeded to -supply the slush lamp with more tallow. ; With the restored flame, I could not help noticing the ghastly pallor of the boy's face, and wae about to enquire whether Tom had succeeded in frighten ing him or not, when he spoke. ' I- ain't hungry Frank,' he -said, shoving the victuals away. To tell you the truth old chap, I don't feel op to the mark. CJomin' along by the place Ned was found, I got to thinking abont it, and bad somehow worked myself into a nervous fit, when I stumbled oh some thing lying white and still across the track. £ was too much taken by sur prise to think, but struck at it with the ploughshare on the instant, and Frank — it groaned as if — nghl' and hesbnddered visibly, 1 it eoanded like somebody or something dying, and I'll neverforgetit!'. Hero he buried bis white face in his trembling hands. \- rayan ! i snouted in a voice that woke all the rest, ' this comes of his practical joking — I knew no good wonld come of it I Bill,' I said triudly, laying my hand on. his shoulder while he looked at me in dazed horror, 1 don't -be frightened lad, perfaapB he ain't hurt mnch, bat a ploughshare's an ugly in strument ; its faim you struck at in the dark and no 'mistake. Then I proceeded to tell :tbe other men, - who were broad awake by thiB time, what Billy had told me, and in a jiffy tbey were All ont and dressed.:1 Next taking a lantern we pro ceeded to the scene of the finding of Ned's body leaving little Billy to go to the Boss's quarters with his tale; which was true if ever troth was pictured in a human countenance. > On arriving at.the accursed spot we. discovered Tom's body lying, across the track -in the same:, position it: had no' doubt been wheuiittle Bill struck at it ; and so still beoeath: its. white covering —for Tom had arrrayed himself in the. .approved ghost attire— that ' for a while the bravest amongst us dare not 'raise it. When at length. I mastered courage to do -so, we saw that, onr -worst fears were Realised, and knew that the sound Billy .hfULHl.llhjl iJaaavt MA/MI iPmn'o , JaeAli1 groan. Yes, the ploughshare had done : it# frightful work thoroughly, '.and. death .must ' have vbeen instantaneous, ' "for a frightful jagged gash penetrated deep -intp tbe left temple horribly disfiguring f the nsby i cbnntnnahoB, from which . the glassy eyes stared in an awful fixed wav. . as jthe Jight lof'onr lantern' fell on them. A .pilence ibame upon us ps <Ws stood fgronped , about that /rigid form -arid you , can imagine boys what were our feelings \- Xhen all atonce:® fearful <ery xarigdafi ..on hv nightiiri 'iA cry : that seemed to n congeal the ;veky jt>lodd in my .veins, and Billy Graham sprang into onr middt, \- and beforo.'We it time to prevent it or , conld : recoyer /'fromid.Ue .shock we had . received, fce had'pfostrated hlmself fce-l side poor Tom's remains and'fras ftideav- ouring to valse the poor mutilated bead, jibberine and gesticulating the while io a wfipSSISres truly awful. " "cF"' ItwM Jby main frirae we gofc him sway apast for the trength of madniws had posessed him jandthen covering poor Tom's bodyas wediad fonnd it, we set ont again , for the homestead "wiSi ouF nhforturiate charge,the second victim of. that accursed joke, for poor little Billy from that .time forward was a hopeless idiot. We met the boss on horseback at the paddock gate,and on learning our story he immediately set ont for the township to bring the police on the scene. Well, there was an investigation of the affair of coarse, bat where was the nee of it! Onr evidence satisfied every body fhat poor Billy was not to blame, bnt that Tom was tbe victim of his own rashness. What became of Billy !' said Frank, brushing his sleeve across bis eyes that were suspiciously moist ' I kept him with me on tbe station, with the boss's consent, for over a year. After that first wild outburst he became docile as a little child and was no bother at alL As I said before, his senses never returned, bat although he was so piti fully helpless he had grown very dear to me,and it was with a heavy heart I at last saw him laid io the little town- ship graveyard, the second victim of Tom Ryan's practical joke.' 