THE STORY-TELLER. GHOSTS ON THE OCEAN. In the twenty veara of my eeafearing life 1 had two experiences witb haunted ships. The term may provoke a smile, bat if there are haunted nouses why shouldn't there be haunted ships ? As to the question of the supernatural, I may or may not be a believer. I will give you the incidents juBt as they occurred, and if you oan explain everything satisfactorily to yourself I snail be gratified. .An English brig called the Charles, in making her first voyage from Liverpool to Boston, had some trouble with her orew, and .in putting it down the captain shot a sailor named Jack Wallaoe. Jack lived about an hour after being bit, and he cursed the captain high and low, and he vowed by all that was good that be would haunt the brig as long as she floated. I'm blessed if he didn't begin the haunting business that very night, creating an alarm which made even the first mate shake in his boots. On getting into Boston every man but the second mate deserted her. She loaded her cargo, shipped another crew, and on the way over to JSug land Jack's ghost kicked up each a row that the men were for taking^ iotHe boats in mid ocean and deserting the brig. Every man of them, mate and all, left her at Liverpool, and it was two weeks after she was ready to sail again, this time for New Orleans, before she oould find a crew. News of an affair of this sort spreads about sooner or later, and further than you would imagine, even withont the help of the newspapers, and Jack Tar will not sail in a haunted Bhip for any man's money. The brig reached New Orleans after a long passage, and hod scarcely been tied to the wharf when everybody deserted her, the captain going with the rest. There was a regular Btampede, and the vessel was left in the hands of the consignees at the drop of the hat. I found her two weeks after this with her load of cotton all aboard and her sails bent for sailing. Her old orew had talked more or less, and doable wages were being offered for a crew. First mate's place was offered me, while an English Bea captain had oome down from New York. We re garded the ghost business as all nonsense, and were prepared to grapple with any spirit or investigate any mystery. By onr own personal efforts we finally picked up a crew, getting hold of men here and there, who had j net oome into port from long voyages and had beard nothing to the brig'e prejndioe. We dropped down the river and got to sea without a single sailor having heard anything, and of coarse none of them was looking for the myeterions. We were well out to sea before night of the first day, and when I came on deok at midnight to stand my watch there was a steady breeze and a moderate sea, and the captain's watch had had an easy time of it. The men of my watoh took a pull at a braoe here and there, and inBide of a quarter of an honr all except the lookout were stowed away here and there to oatoh cat napa. I was paoing the deck with everything very qniet below and aloft, when my attention was attracted to the sight of a sailor coming aft. I was on the starboard quarter, and he came along down close to the portrail, and made as if to go to the wheel. His footsteps gave ont no - sound, and he oame along with a sort of glide I never could desoribe. It was a breach of discipline for a foremast hand to appear on the qnarter-deck withont a speoial errand or without saluting, and when I saw this man making his way along the quarter . toward the man at the wheel it struck me that he was walking in hie sleep. 1 pioked up a rope's end and started for him, bat he glided ahead like a shadow, passed within two feet of the man at the wheel, and went ont of Bight like [a flash. Next instant the sailor 1st go of the spokes of the wheel and staggered about, and the brig would have oome up into the wind had I not jnmped for the wheeL I yelled ont and raised an alarm, and the men threw a buoy over and we presently etopped onr way and made ready to lower a boat. It was then discovered that no one was missing. Every man aboard of that craft wob there to answer to his name. The captain set ont to give me a keel hanling for creating suoh an alarm, but I took him aside, called to the sailor who had seen all, and we told our story in a way which pnt the old man into a piokle. While he had to | believe ob he wouldn't believe in the super natural, and no man conld have been more on easy. _ i " Here is what I saw, air," replied the fore mast hand when aaked for his version of the niattei. "I think I aaw the spook before Mr. Templedid. I thought it waa one of the men coming back to make a report to him, bnt when 1 saw him bear off to port and aaw Mr. Temple start for him, I believed it waa a case of sleep-walking. The thing oame so close that 1 could have tonched it, and there was a smell of dead folks abont it. There was a Bailor look to the face—it being a. youngish chap—and hia two hands were clasped on his aide like this. He fetohed a sort of groan as he passed me, and he went over the Btern as bo!tly ob a leaf falls to the ground, and without a splash. This is a haunted craft, sir, and I give"—— " Shut np I hissed the oaptain. " Tell me I that again and I'll clap yon in irons." " Bnt who was it, sir?" | " Both oi yon were dreaming, and if 1 hear any more of it somebody will hear from me." He further requested that nothing be said to the men, and although he tried to make light of the matter 1 knew that he was deeply puzzled. The sailor was as good as his promise, and said nothing, and nothing further happened nntil the third night. The second mate, as you may know, is really in charge of the oaptain's watch, and this officer (Mr, Graves) waB on dnty, and the time was : 11 o'oloak, with my watch all below, when | something happened. His watch had just been trimming the yards, and oonld not therefore he oharged with dreaming. All of a sadden a figure appeared among them. It was the first seen at the sonttle butt, and one of the men; who waa after a drink of water, spoke to it nnder the impression that it was one of his shipmates. It glided away, and at tbe same moment his nostrils were greeted with snoh an odonr that be cried ont in disgimt. The strange figure was Been by four men of the watoh as it glided to a point a few feet abaft tbe forem&Bt;, and there stood for two or three mlnntes with bands pressed npon its side, and its body waving to and fro. A man of the name of Will Retch—a chap who had never feared man or devil—called out to the mysterious personage— " If yon are playing a triok on as look ont for yourself." With tbat he pinked np a bucket, or belay ing pin, or weapon of some sort which was handy by, and gave it a fling at the figure, and the mysterious personage vanished at the snap of yonr finger. There was a row which brought ns all on deob, and now the faot that there was a mysterious something aboard the brig could uo longer be conoealed. The captain raved and blustered, bnt the men had seen what they had seen, and it was do nee to browbeat them. The watch below refused to turn in again. The captain undertook to drive them at the muzzle of hia revolver, and tbey threatened to jump overboard. There may be a haunted house in a neigh bourhood, but ho one fears it unless he passes it. Here was a ship believed to be haunted, and yet no one oould get away from it. I confess that things did look at least" queer" to me, and while the captain poobpoohed and talked in a loud voice, I realized that he was a bit shaky. Mr. Graves also Mastered about, swearing at the men and advising a dose of belaying-pin to cure their nonsense, and when the oaptain told him to turn in he went down to his berth with a laugh and a swagger. Three minutes later he returned to ns with a face as white as chalk, and it was a full minute before he could use his tongue to stammer out. " The—the thing is in the cabin 1" Without a word in reply we descended the companion with him—the captain going first, 1 next, and Mr. Graves bringing np the rear. Ab we passed along the hall and pushed open the cabin door the figure of a man could be made out on the far side of the cabin, where the shadows were darkest. It was as plain as any hnman figure conld be. though we oonld not make out the face and other details. We stared at it for half a minute, and then the captain pulled hiB revolver and banged away. There was a sort of groan following his shot, and when the smoke cleared away we took a light and searched in vain for traces of our mysterious visitor. He had departed. It was confessed to the owners and to the Press that the officers and crew of that brig slept on deck every night after that nntil the end of the voyage. Indeed there were only two Bailors among the crew who wonld venture into the foreoaBtle in the daytime, and the steward could not have been kept in his place exoept by tbreatB. We were rioionled and laughed at as a crew, but it is a matter of history that the Charles never made another voyage. She could not pet a charter, nor could she have got a erew if she had, and after rotting in ordinary for a couple of years she was knocked to pieces. My second experience was on the ship Homeward. I shipped on her at Liverpool for a voyage to the Cape of Good Hope and return. I had not set eyes on her, ana knew her only by name when I went aboard with my traps. I bad a first mate's berth, and understood that the offioer filling that plaoe had been taken suddenly ill two days before the ship was ready to sail, and I had to hnstle away withont making enquiries. As I approached her I encountered a man sknlkug away, and believing him to be a deserter I reached out for him. I got his collar, but he broke my hold, and as he ran away I heard him say :— "Aye, but I'd sooner sail the sea in a conm* I gave this remark little attention, even when I found out aboard that he was actually a deaerter. He was one of six men who had come off to the ship in the morning, and nobody could tell why he had cut sticks. We had a pretty good idea three or four days later. There were only five men aboard when I climbed over the rail—only five sailors. The cook and steward were there, as also a cabin boy, but the oaptain was ashore, and no one oould tell me whether a second mate had been shipped or not. About midnight the shipping agents sent me eleven or twelve men, everyone of them helplessly drunk, and a little later on came the captain. He had been drinking heavily, and after trying to tell me his name and failing to understand mine, he went to his cabin with the order that I should oall him at 6 o'clock. We were all ready to warp out, the work of only half an hour from onr berth, and the tide would not serve until midforenoon. I appointed a shipkeeper and turned in myself, but the drunken fellows were bound to have their farewell carouse, and I got no sleep through the night. Less than half of them were of any use next morning in warping the ship out. The captain came on deck perfectly sober, and when I said something about the condition of the crew he replied— "Yes, it's beastly, Mr. Temple, but we couldn't have got em aboard sober, you know. Let a whisper get ont about a craft and sailors aot like fools." I had my mouth open to ask what stories were in circulation regarding the Home ward when the captain, whose name was Robinson, gave me an order and walked away. The Becond mate, who seemed to have been on a spree with the men, came np and introduced himself. His name was Anderson, and he apologized for his presence by saying— " I hung out to the very laBt, hoping to get another ship, but I tad to take the berth. Do you think they are very bad ?" "What?" " The ghosts." " Is this a haunted ship ?" " Didn't you know it was ? They say she has been deserted in every port, and that she changes, captains every trip, but perhaps it is only sailor talk. I nope we shall have no trouble, sir." He Bidled away in a half-ashamed manner, and all hands, or all who were of any use, at once began warping the ship out, and before noon we were on our way out. After we were fairly off the men began to knock themselves together, the captain and second mate acted like different men, and when the watches were set I had forgotten the words dropped by Mr. Anderson. He was a thorough sailor and full of discipline, and one would have jndged by his face that he had great force of charaoter. Nothing occurred to create an alarm for three days. Then, one night during my watch, a man in the oaptsin's watch, who was below, came on deck and said to me:— "Mr. Temple, it must be that we have a stowaway aboard. We have heard groans and sighs and sofas for the last two nights, and some of the men declare that the ship is haunted. There comes the watch, sir, driven out by the noises. Won't you please make a search ?" It was true that every man in the Captain's watch had tumbled up, and I knew that they must be badly frightened to thus exhibit themselves. I took a long look at the weather, saw that everything was fair, and then descended to the forecastle alone, Not a man dared to follow me down there. I wasn't even nervous. If there were groans and cries they must come from some poor devil who had secreted himself in the hold, and who was now ill and starving. I had only reached the foot of the ladder when I felt the touch of an icy hand on my face, and next instant my hair was on end. Some one was sighing, groaning and weeping. The sounds did not come from any one direotion. At one moment they seemed to oome from the very eyes of the ship, and the next they were heard at the bulkhead which divided the place from the hold, I felt, too, all the time as if somebody waB moving about me, and I put up my hand to prevent my throat being clutched. I frankly admit to yon that I was scared, but I was determined not to show my feelings to the men, and bb I went on deck again I carelessly said to them " The noises come from the hold. Some one lias stowed himself away, and wall have him out to-morrow." I left it with them to go baok or remain on deck, aod not one of them, not yet a man in my own watob, would go below until daylight came, when, strange to say, the noiseB died entirely away. The captain and Mr. Ander son both saw that something was wrong as they oame on deck. The captain received the news very quietly, asking a question now and then, and when I had finished he replied: " Very well, sir, after the men have had their breakfast we will search the hold." We had one, bnt it was fruitless of result. It was thorough enongh to convince us that no person was hidden away. The captain had very little to say, seeming, as I thought, greatly distressed in mind, but I finally brought Mr. Anderson over to agree with me that the noiseB were prodnoed by the rob bing of the cargo, though why we should not hear them in the daytime as well I oould not explain. The noises began about 9 o'clock the next night. Both Mr. Anderson and myself went dcwnand listened to them; but we could not prevail upon the captain to acoompany us. Before 10 o'clock the men were in each a Btate of trepidation that it was hardly pos sible to separate them to do duty, and an hour later, when I went into the cabin to consult with the captain, he looked at me in the queerest manner, and said— " Mr. Temple, we must go baok to Liver pool. This ship is haunted, and if we pursue the voyage we are loBt." With that he bnrst into tears and went off to his stateroom and looked himself in. It was a hard position to find myself in, for 1 now believed that the captain had gone daft, and the second mate was so rattled that his advice was no good. I determined to hold the ship on her course, however, and she was pursuing it when, at 2 o'clock in the morning, the captain suddenly rushed on deok and sprang ove. board with a yell, and though we laid the ship to and lowered a boat we found no trace of him. I then put the ship about and carried her into Liverpool, and it was the lost voyage she ever made. 