To tiik Mihtou or the Mkiicduv. ^ Tub political sky. of Clermont h'is been illumlna ed with stars of tho first, second and Miuullur niflgni*iulo-— Prcrnlerrt and ex* Premier* &o.;, ka alisloiif banquets, speeches, und nmnifcatocs. No single pol tof view ca t coinpaM the vast and varied Held of obanr* vutlon, I will confine ? my view lo a central figure iii the panrjr-«iiiA, Mir llioinas Mcllwraiih und his manifesto. Manifesto ii a big w rd — » revelation,. On hearing It so' named, uh.l said I,^we have now 'got some thing new In polleyj af'er two years Inetiba lion, ?«!! r aigerly sought and fouud the manifesto. To my 'disappointment— slight— I foin.d nothing nuw, nothing strau«u, but an o d inudluy will h Hir Thomas his presented for years, To olmnVe the Jlgutv, tile idihtuiis nn.tlio one.iitrlug, , r. . , Hlr Thomas Is the pilot bo'd . ! To steer the Ht'te Craft Hhlp, He blows aliorn that calms a storm I To walks ^poa the deep. Ills g'lilns Is. tenacious, not versatile, runs In one grove-business his supreme endow meiit,ex^jpt that of propheoy, J remember oue of Hlr Thotnaa1. projihutlu utturauuu delivered of tener than once in Transcontinental times, ' that the crcdit of - Quoemland in the Eng ish market was 'exhiauated, and ,lhat we ' must part with our lands' to foreigners or p-wn them.^- ^He was at the he'm then! The prophecy was gloomy^ but authoritative, from the lips of the Queensland financier, Anothcr man took the he'm out of his hand, went into the English cmoney market and borrowed £10,000,000, fortunately for Queensland Sir Thomas' prophecy was unfulfilled. His pre dictions are ' classcd ' unfulfilled.' But observers know that he is endowed wi h the prophetic gift. 1 The manifesto furnishes evidence of its operation. He tells .us that if the present Government remains in power,' anl himsclfrot cased J^thto helm, thesliip will be stran^^on^nP^j^b This will , I hope, pass into^he UsVofStn fuelled prophecy. The manifesto, ^manifesto, that -in Sir Thomas' own opinion be is the - only stafe financier in the Gcveniment, or out of it. His pre eminent ability, however, is explained by his command over 'thk poicers of tialiire,' whose influqnee nkanc^. ho denies, and ? defies, wh^ljV iy thX s3^^ ^ floods, drought, plajguVo^N^y rf^ural or ; artificial .calamity^ He can make .grass g'row,'-rain fall and. flocks and herds increase; enrich their owners and fill the treasury to overflow* ing/* ' By' the' way* the manifesto' also manifests what we knew before, that Sir Thomas r«n away from his public duties two years ago,, in the great drought, to at; end to the pleasure of 'the drought ' on his own private affaire, and that: oow ;tha ^ the pressure is over he rctu. ns to «ne political arena.'. This course of action, running away, subordinating public duty to private interests seems.habitual. During his flwn ^dministra* tiou ha left public duty . and ran away to England, once, on a marriage trip — once to bringout on.hts shou'ders the T* anscontinen'al Schemo— once, to watch proceedings connected with th^t affair, once' -to visit a relative In Scotland, -and lastly and finally to leave pub'ic duty twd yo«rs a^oj'to attend to pressuro on his priva e affai-s. A great state leader and unrivalled financier shou'd', like the captain' stick t - the *hip, in Ihe time of. difficulty and, dangerand not run away. ' But it seems otherwise in this case, remdn at your post while it is convenient to do so and leaveiit when it is not ! I-do not I e'ieve~in-a soldier' who runs away. .^A fugitive chieftan Is more despicab'e. A Marquis , of Argyle some 250* years ago was notorious for running away, as a leader of the c)ans in time of danger. When the Puke of Montrose invaded ijis country A-ygle emarked in a fishing boat and' leftiiis friends and followers' to their fate. On another occadon, whi'e the armies of Argyle and Montrose confronted, each other and lay all night on their arins, at break of day .the chieftian betook himself to hisgolloy i and rowing off the shore Tematned a spectator of the combat instead of being at the head of ; his followrrs. ' My family' said Clanranald, 'have ever beon. tho first in ihe field and the lut to lefve it,' Sir Thomas is bo'd, if not rash. ;.He is, howev»r, not well up in figures, auu uuv ^uLu^kuui iur urn v. uses mem. Theyfa're more shining than solid, and loss gQt oa the slightest friction, I would lay odds on his supreme ability in framing a prospectus for a company requiring to be floated into deep wa er. The manifesto manifests, the principles of his arithmetical system — the peculiar and varied -use of the signs x and — ihe correctness of the answer* of the sums wrought ou% and the reliable accuracy of the s'atistical* information which the ' . great financier serves out to the 'publicum the mani festo, and on which sure foundation he basis some of his policy. The accuracy or rather inexcusable error of the statistical information f-irnished aud useil in dealing with the ques* tion of Land Tax is reprehensible. He tells us, 'that seven percent nf .Queensland, is. privuts propjri^ and* ninety three. . per cent public land.' The fact: being that a half per tent only, is private, and ninety-nine and a h df public property. Thus— arej*_oi_Queens-. land, 427,063,360 acres, alienated from 1842 to 1884, 1,871.311 acres. This : statement is made, not in thje course of a speech', but in a written manifesto by Sir Thomas' own hand. The statistical error is not more remarkable, than the falWious reasoning it support?. - He' sayst M I o^piose a^Land Tax accept for,the purpose'ir wo ks ^by^ local todies.' This exceptio^ ii/ no way affects the' expedience and' value of^ the tax tpy the public,^ TKtf works boing under akenby^Iocalbodies from I a Land Tax Fund, relieves the Treasury frdox the cost of such worksj and so. relieves the people's purse from the burden of improving ?private property,- The condition Sir Thbmds' makes, .seems a pre cxt to escape the tax, and he reasons to th n emphatic conclusion thus, ' I oppose a Land Tax' and for those 'reasons, '?Aland tax for gencnl rere iiio diminishes I thf. cajntal.vtduA of the. land. The moment j aLand.Tsx' is pas ed each owner may writo off ! h certain portion of hi* capital tin gone,' Exactly so ! and tho people may write in, a cortain-portion of their capitil as savod. Thol Land Tax, is for lan I speculators liko himselfj who havo required public lands at a low price and who are howling thorn till, by the' expondituro. of pnblio money in railways,' Imnmvmni.nt.nn,?' Ik ? _ ....r.^ ? ? hltny ouuu,i a high prico-an enoripous profit at the public cost. Thwe lands ho wasted and closed to' publlo use, like tho dog in. the manger nelthor eatlng nor allowing others to do so, Tho'tax provides that thusi speculators shall not havo tho value of their lands eithancod at tho publlo! boat without making them shaia in ft, la the! almpo of a Laud Tax. This Is where the Mioe' pinuhes, and is iiiteuded to ' pinuh the' ?peculators In land. Sir Thomas say*, orl tnoro correofy, writes what may ba oalludj dotage th us— 'The only money uomlng Into the treasury would bo from' (ho seven per cent land holdors. From tho Govenunont to tho Ooverument ou thu uluety throo per cont Is simply a cross entry. A tax that produces only seven por cent, Is as unproductive a tax as could ho Invented, tho valuo of a tax depends on I's i iroutlvtiiiuas mid whom a tax only priiduuuu auvcu puc cent It l» useless. Hhi people say tho tax is ; fully efTeotlvo ngiilnH-. p Iv'atHiiwiiurHiM Government lunds pay nolhlng. Hut this fx a vital mintalio, Tlm nlnuty throo pur uuut of Crown Lands pay the »a- at thu s*ma jratd', m effeatuaPy, as If they paid It astinUnllyw|ii to tho Treasury. Tha caplti.I value of Crown Lsuda sold afier tlie t#x is Imposed,/ U dlinlnlalieil by the aapltullsed amouiitof tax. Alienate tha land ami then uoiisldiTr thu Hubjeut of thu Land Ta*,' Ouu' wor-l on thU vWuuary doluvvo stetement. The Land lax effectively covers the cites of speculators it mee:s, to the last penny and at no cost In collection, - and Sir Thomas sees it. It excludes the ninety three per cent of Crown Lands fnm the operation of the tax. The enormoor conclusion that the public will also be paying'.the tax,' in another way, ris charitable,. Le^ it stand to our credit at the Treasury. No objection I We sell no more land in 'Queensland to speculators, henccforth and. for ever. Sir Thomas' view of a iiihd Tax shows how a man of private business ability gets bushed when he leaves the business track and strays into the paths of political philosophy^ trying to reach a foregone conclusion, in 'which In has a dirfcc interest in arriving at His figures are showy but unsubstantial \ won't be*r tes»ing. The Treasury balances when correctly measured, and | the facts of their .origin revealed, disappears like ghosts in impalpable forms and smile at the drawn dagger. He says h left £800,000 in the Treasury. His successor says £500,000, of which £382,000 wis left by John Douglas to ' make railway^. £200,000 worth of Queensland sold and £108,000 dcficiti or share of d.eficit, at the end. of 33. So' deducting these three seyenl sums : belonging to others, and leaving Sir Thomas to stand on', his. revenue alone,, instead of a. credit, a debi t balance of? £100,000 stands against' his administration. . - ~ ; i '; I am, 8ir, &c.;, .. . L. :.r ' ? '- j.'.' f ;; \\{ ' - BUSHMAN^'; (TO BE COKTDTOED.)/ ^ ? 