THE RIVAL BELLES OF PARRAMATTA. tflovelist. A CHARMING LOVE STORY OF IN TENSE AND THRU UNO INTEREST. By LAUBA JEAN LIBBEY. CHAPTER XXH. A STARTLING DISCOVERY, Tho next nftornoon, as Max Forrester sat in his nrm-chnir by the lace-draped window, his fair head bent dejectedly on lit. hands, tho door opened softly and his mother enteral. "Max," sho said, huskily, "you are wearing your life out. Will you novor bo able to forget ?" An expression of dcop pain crossed his liandsoino face. " No," ho answered, desperately. "Try as I will, never for a moment am I able to \- forget ; waking or sleeping, alono or in tho midst of crowds, tho fnco of Florabcl is ovor before mo. Despite' nil, I cannot beliovo my darling has gono — to him. . I will not beliovo it. " You must not brood ovor this matter, my son," said Mrs. Forrester, laying her jewelled hand on his fnir, clustering curls. iJjW" Constant brooding has dethroned many a man's reason. You aro my only son, Max. If anything should happen to you, 1 — I should die. You must givo up tho l-.opo of searching out Arthur Hiirlliurst and holding him accountable," b!io faltered. " 1 will traco him and find out what he is to Florabe! if it coals me my life," ho nnswored, bitterly. "Ho is in Sydnoy, mother," ho wont on, huskily. " I linvo traced him horo ; saonor or later wo shall moot." . "I pray Hcavon you may not," an- Rwored Mrs. Forrester, fervently. Tho following day, hs Max stopped from a cab, tho first person whom he mot was Gerald Thorndyko, his old cullego friend. Why, Forreslor, " said Gerald, aghast, "how ohaugod you aro! I would not have recognised you if yon lmd not spoken.' Oomo into this onto. j liavo not dined yet, and we will linvo a talk over old limes. What do you say 1" ! " Certainly," said Max, leading tho way. "What is this you wroto mo," said ' Max, turning abruptly to liis friend utter thoy had given their order, " about going ' to marry ono women whilo your heart was another's ? Take my advice ; don't do it." Gerald Thorndyko flushed red, then turned deadly pnlo. " Fate has takon all choico iu the mat- tor out of my hands," ho replied, with rniioh ' omharrossmont. "Tho heiress broko oif tho engagement with me ; and 'the girl for whom 1 would linvo renounced a fortuno refused mo point blank, with scorn and derision, tlion- suddenly disap- fioarod. I have boon trying to discover lor whoroabouta ovor since." Gorald Thorndyko know his friend's strict notions of honor too well to toll him exnetly how tho affair had hnpponed ; indeed, it was a source of doon aunoyanco to recall tho mnttor at all, all savo that part of it relating to Florabol. "No doubt you censure mo, Forrostor for admiring ono whon I was ongaged to xiiotkor, but if you bad scon Miss Vnno you would not linvo marvelled at that. Why, sho was A3 beautiful ns a dream, with a boauty at onco peculiar and strik ing. Hor faoo was ns lair ns n lily ; hor dimpled clicoks like two pink rosos ; mid her oyos— it would tnlco a paintor or a poet to describe thorn — tlioy wore of a rich hazel, wonderfully pathctio ; and tho littlo head was crowned with a mass of culling, goldon heir. Why, heavens I Forrostor, what is tho matter 'I You look as palo as a ghost." " A gliast of tho past has just rison up to confront mo. Do you know, Thorndyke, you have described acourntoly — my wife I I did not boliovo tho round world hold ono liko hor. You shall boo hor picture, mid you can judgo for yourself. No doubt but you liavo hoard my story ; tho nowa- papora have aired it pretty thoroughly." "Yos, I have heard of it," ropliod Thorndyko, extending his hand and grasp ing that of Max in earnest sympathy ; " out I bono all will como out right in tho ond." " Novcr I" declared Max, (irmly. As lio spoko ho took tho portrait from his breast pocket and liaudod it across tho lablo to bin friend. ,-yno glnnco, tlion Gerald Thorndyko to his foot witii a stnrtlod cry. . God ! am I tnad, or do I dream 1" ho cWed, oxcitcdly. " No, no, my sensoB are not playing mo false ; Mis it the por trait if Mitt Vane! Even hor name, in hor own delicate cliirography, is beneath 't-yFlorabol. Do you mean to toll me .'5 J V'lir wife, Forrostor?" ho said, his voico husky with agitation. "Yes," replied Max, woudoringly. "Tlion, by nil tlmt is wonderful, I declare solemnly this is tho sauio young girl I know as Miss Vono — Florabol Vane," said Gerald, wliito to tiio lips but not more whito than Max. " This is tho girl with whoso lovely faco I foil madly in lovo nt first sight." Max had sprung to his foot in intonso amazement. " I do not comprehend whnt you say," cried Max, hoarsely. " Make this thing clear to mo, Thorndyko." "I will," ropliod Gorald. "Calm your self. Sit down and liston. I will toll you all nud ho told him briefly and truth fully tho story of Miss Carlisle's accident, which had brought her nnd tho beautiful young stranger togothor, and all that bad transpired sinco. " It is but two days sinco Hint you saw hor in tho park, you Bay T' gasped Max. " It is so," replied Gerald. " And you liavo been searching for her over since, but can find no traoj of hor?" questioned Max, brcallilcssly. "If tho green earth had suddenly opened and swallowed her, alio could not bo more completely lost to tho world," aid Gorald. "For wcoks alio Iia:l boon tho com panion of Miss Carlisle. Tiiat was proof positivo, then, that sho was not with Hurl- hurst. Ho could havo cried aloud to uuutuu mill very joy ror mar. trow cruolly tho world had judged her, his poor, innocent darling. A flash of soinothing very liko tho truth dawned upon him. Believing that he would keep his wonl — that ho meant to lcavo her — alio had gono quietly away— to faco tho great cold world — alono. Then, in tho faco of all tiiis, ho remem bered hor letter. Sho hail written on that tcar-blottcd pago that Bho was " going to Arthur;" nnd at tho thought his fnco grow dark nnd stormy. Ho would havo given his lifo to linvo beliovcd in her inno cence ; hut, ab, Ucarcn I how could lie ? bow could lio? Ho bowed his handsome, troubled faco in his hands, his tall form shaking liko nn aspen leaf. It had been a severe breaking up of a pretty love dream to Gorald Thorndyko. It wna Ilia creed to fall-in lovo with lovely youog girls ; hut ho never made tho fatal mistako of admiring or giving one thought to a beautiful woman on whom nnotlior had claims which should always ho held sacred. " I will plcdgo you my word to do all in my power to nid you in finding her, Max," ho said, ns tlioy parted an hour later. "Rest assured, if sho is in Sydney wo shall soon know it ; nnd this fellow Hurl- hurst— wo will givo him a littlo attention, too." Gerald Thorndyko walked slowly back to his hotel. "I'm tho most unluoky dog under tho sun," ho ruminated. " Alias Cnrlislo anil her fortuno gone ; and tho girl I havo loved so madly, Max Forrester's bride. Was thero ovor suoh n contretemps— such a strange revolution of tho whcol of fatoi'' Ho walked into the ronding-room of the hotel, nnd throw liimsolf down into nn arm-ohair nonr tho window. A young man sat opposite bin), glancing eagerly down tho columns of a nowspnper. His faoo seemed to attract Gerald Thorndyko strangely nt first glance. Fool ing intuitively tho deep scrutiny of the prolonged gnzo bent upon him, tho young man dropped tho pnpur nervously nnd turned hastily away. " Why should lio do that V" thought Thorndyko, picking up a pujior nud pre tending to bo nbsorbed in its coIiiiiiub. "Thoro is something wrong there, I foci sure. That follow will bonr watching." . Twico the young man roso from his sent nnd pacoil up nnd down tho floor of the' rendmg-rooni, eagerly watching tho great bronze clock on tho wall. Several strangers ontered tho room, nnd Gorald Thorndyko saw him glnnco keenly, and with repressed unoiisiiibss and agitation, very carefully nt each and overy ono; ami ns they looked at hini ' indif ferently nud passed by, ho turnod away in nppnroiit relief. As tho porter passed , by tho door ho beckoned to him. "Has thy baggage boon takon down from my room yet ?" ho asked, hesi tatingly. " Not yot, sir," returnod tho man. " You are to thko tho 8:45 train. It is only 8:15 now. You have plonty of tiino." Tho young man resumed his sent and his paper. "I shall novor fool safe, until I havo put considerable distance between Sydney aud me," ho lr.ultorod. At that instant ono of tho boys stoppod into tho room, holding a telegram in his hand. "Is Mr. Arthur Hiirlliurst hero?" ha askod, glnnoing quickly among tho dif ferent groups of gontlomon. " A tolcgrnin for him." Tho young man sprang to his feet aud hold out his hand for it, Baying, iii a con strained voico : "This way, my lad. I am Arthur Hurlhurst." CHAPTER XXIII. " SEND V011 HIM. TELL HIM I AM UYINO, I CANNOT 11 EST IN MV OKAVE UNLESS I HAVE SEEN HIM." If a thunderbolt lmd suddenly fallen from a olcnv sky nnd oxplodoil at Gorald Tliorndykc'a foot, ho could not havo been more startled. Could it bo possible that tho man For rostor was looking for— who luid caused him such a world of woe — was within his grasp ? In au instant ho had mado up his ininu what courso to pursue. Ho would dotniii him uutil Max Forrester could bo Bontfor. Approaching him, Gerald opened a conversation witii hitn witii great care, taking tho precaution of Bonding n special messenger in great luiBtu for Mux first. Gornld Thorndyko know so woll how to mnko himself n " thoroughly good follow," as his companions oxpressod it, that ho quito charmed Arthur. " I ain sorry I did nut meet you boforo," ho said, rising to loavo tho reading- room. " I leave Sydnoy to-day. 1 sliull havo to bid you gond-byo now. Thoro wns nquiok, ringing stop outsido ; oomo ono burst into tho room with a bound ; and before Arthur Hurlhurst could wheel about, a bund liko a grip of iron foil on his sliouldor, . aud a iioarso voico— which ho knqw but too woll — foil hoarsely on liis car, crying out : " I have traokod you down at Inst,' you villain ! Moat any other man would shoot you down on tho spot ; but 1 will givo you nn equal chanco with mo for your life. But I will havo this accursed afliiir cleared up first. Answer mo I Where is Flora bol ?" Arthur Hurlhurst attempted to Bhako himself free, but tho grasp on his shoulder was as firm ns bands of steel. Much to Max Forrostor's amazoment, tho luown oyes of tho young mnn mot his untlinch- ingly. " Upon my honor, I nnswor you candidly I do not know," lie replied, calmly. " Tell mo on tho spot, or I will not bo accountable for what may happen after : whnt is Florabol to you T' It almost killed Max Forrester to utter these words ; but ho must know tho truth. " I may as woll mnko a clean breast of it," said Arthur, frankly, "and throw myself upon your mercy. Excuse will not avail. 1 sco you aro in for hearing tho wliolo truth." " Yea," said Max, hoarsely, " I will linvo tho truth." " What 1 havo to say shall novor be told before a third party," said Arthur, proudly. " You can retire, Geraid," said Max. " I will deal with this fellow alono." " N iw, then, speak out quickly," cried Max, harshly. " Answer my question at onco." "I am Florabol's brotiior," replied Arthur, slowly, " This I swear to you. But before I explain further, you must givu am your Buicmn promiso inac you will nut rcveal what I am about to tell you to any living person, for upon this strango point hnngs what scams to you poor little Flornbcl's unaccountable actions." Max Forrostor dropped back as though ho had boon shot. " Florabel's brother !" ho gasped. "Impossible! How dare you toll mo this ? Sho has no brother." " I am her brotiior— hor miserable, un- happy, worthless brothor," responded Arthur, sadly. " I wish to heaven I had novor inailo myeelf known to tho poor girl, to liavo brought all this misery upon her. If you were not blind, Forrester, you could trace in iny faco tho relationship. It does not admit of doubting." All, yes I Hero were tho saino hazel oyes, tho sweet _ mouth, tho crinkled, golden, curly hair ; tho same trick of cresting tho head backward. Yes, yes, ho must beliovo tho truth. This was cortainly Florabol's brothor. Gladly ho gavo tho required promiso. His oxcitomout was so great ho scarcely breathed as ho listened to Arthur Hurl- hursts or rathor Arthur Dean's recital of tho lifo ho had led. Hunted down for criinc, how ho lmd met Florabol, recog nising hor instantly ns liis sistor, and how ho had mado tho fnct known to hor whon sho mat him, at his earnest requost in tho rose nrbor. "Oil, how much misery might have been spared if Florabol had but told ino 1" groaned Max, burying liis face in his hands. "Tlio poor child bolioved you would leave hor if you know hor to bo the daugh ter of a criminal and tho sistor of a forger," replied Arthur ; " and on her knees she begged mo to keep all know ledge of that from you, although she wanted to toll you I was her brothor. But this I mado her tako a solemn vow. not to do, for I dreaded lest, with your fino notions of honor, you would hand mo ovor to tlio authorities. "I bado her good-byo and left her. Tlio next thing 1 know sho enmo on to Sydney to me, telling mo, with subs and tears, of your ctuol suspicions, and beg ging. mo to go baok with hor mid set tho mnttor straight. I put tho poor child off from wcok to week, for, as I said before, I fonrod lest you would givo . mo up" to tho authorities if you knew all, and it would bo sure to como out." ' Then, with faco flushing and paling with - shame, ho told tho story of ' tho diamonds whiclx ho had taken from Florahul, and not being bold enough to face her, lind deserted hor, leaving hor alone, ponniless, in tho largo, strango city. ' Max Forrester's emotion was so groat ho could hnrdly withhold his torriblo wrath at this point, on listening to tlio pitiful desnrtion of poor, boautiful, hapless Flornbcl, his wronged, innocent darling. - "From the hour in wliioli I left hor to tako out tho diamonds to soil 1 liavo not looked upon hor fnco," concluded Arthur. "Slowly Max drew from his breast po'ckot n pencil and memorandum. " Wlmt is tlio namo of this firm whom you liavo wronged, and who are hunting you down ?" lio askod, abruptly. Arthur told him, also the amount of his defalcation. "You stand cloar with tho world all save this 1" Mnx asked. " Yes," ropliod Arthur. "Then, for Florabol's sake, you shall walk amongst pooplo n free man onco more.. I will aond tho firm a cbequo to cover tho amount. Loavo inc. I cannot look upon your face,, romonihorilig how you- loft my darling so henrtlossly nt tho inoroy of tho world. Go 1" Ho would listen to. no thanks, no re grets. " Go I" lio said. . " You havo . brought about all tho troublo between Florabol and mo. Novor lot mo soo your faco again." "I_ swoar to you I will reform. Tho time shall come whon Florabcl will have no nocd to blush for ino," declared Arthur. " Lot ino prove my gratitudo for what you liavo done for mo by trying to find her. - If 1 wore to put a personal in tho daily papers, asking hor to como to mo, sho would do it." Max oageriy caught nt tho suggestion. Despite all thoir offorts thoy could find no trnco of Florabol. As Gornld Thorn dyko had said : " If tlio enrth lmd opened and swal lowed hor, sho could not bo more com- plotoly lost to tho world." . Tlio golden summer waned ; tho first fall of snow heralded tho npproach of winter. Whoro wns Florabol ? Max wondurod, with n tloop groan, ns ho stood watching tho blinding snow-ilakos. Ah I had ho but known. Inez Glavcring lmd hoard tho wonder ful story of poor Florabol's complete vindication with n boating honrt. Her hopes woro dashed forovor now in regard to Max's applying for and obtaining a divorco from Florabcl. That would novor bo now ; but she should tako a torriblo rovongo upon Max because sho could novor win luni. Sho could separate him and Florabol forovor. Inez (Havering hud oeoured it bonrd- ing-placo for Florabol with hor old nurse, Mrs, Durgoyno, iu Geelong, a womnu whoso soul soenicd bound tip in glittering gold. " You must seo to it tlmt sho writes tin loitors tvliioh you do not mail ; and thoso yon are to sand secretly to ma, telling hor, of course, from day to day. there has been as yot no nnswor." Tlieo : iind boon Inez Clnvcring's atriot instructions, ancl tlio woman carried thorn out to tho Jotter. Twice a wook Inez— who, undor the guiso of .friendship, was Florabol's bitterest foe — wont to Geelong to see Florabol, for sho was very ill now. On this stormy day Inez lmd gono to Geelong to sco Florabol, fur tho old nurse had written her boforo midnight in all probability tho crisis would bo past. Florabol hold out her littlo wliito hand to hor as Inez approached the couch with the most wan, pitiful smite that orer was soon. "Is lio with you, Inez?" sho mur mured, in a 'fearful whisper. "Did you toll him how ill I wns ? nud would ho not como ?" " I told him," replied Inez, smoothly ; "but ho tancte no reply ns to whether ho would come or uot." "Ho must como! oh, God! ho miul como !" cried Flornbel, starting up, and wringing hor hands wildly. " I am going to dio, Inoz," slia wailed pitcously. "I am sure I am. Whon the ilnrk shadows closo nround ino, let his face bo tlio Inst I shall see. Lot mo die with my lioad on his breast. Oh, Inez, I cannot rest in iny grave, no mnttor how deep tlioy bury mo, until I havo scon liirn." " I will tclogranh him to como on at once," assented Inez. AU through the long hours that fol lowed Flornbel was asking : " Has lio como?" Tlio answor was always " No," CHAPTER XXIV. "MY HEART AND MY ARMS ARE ESlrrY." " Ho will not como ! ho will not como !" groaned Florabcl, turning hor whito fnco to tho wall. Sho grow so alarmingly ill by miduiglit that tho doctor was sent for in all haste. " I will loavo you now," said Inez, in a whiBpor to Mrs. Burgoyno. " If any great change should orcur lot mo know at once." Tlio first streaks of early dawn woro piorcing tho dnrk clouds of tho night sky, whon Mrs. Bugoyno hastily entered Inez's room. " You told ino to nwnkon you if any groat chnngo occurred," sho said. " I havo como to tell you tlint tho benutiful stranger lias a lovoly littlo daughter." " I will go to hor nt once," replied Inez. "You remain lioro and tnko n littlo rest. I will tako your placo by tlio besido." A few inomonts nftor Inoz ronchod' Florabel's npartmont tho doctor loft. Flornliol had fallen into a deep', dreamless sloop, Inez drew hor cushioned clinir closo to the couch and Bat down, watching, with frowning brow, the ewoot littlo fnco turned toward hor on tlio pillow. \- " I Bhall always hnto you," sho mut tered, turning abruptly nwny. Suddenly, as ho snt thoro, tho greatest' temptation of Inoz Olavering's' life canto to her— a temptation that mado her faint and dizzy, nnd almost cry aloud in horror,- for it led to a sin. Tlio child would surely bo tho link which would draw tlieso two estranged lionrts together. Ah, if it had but died ! "I could not stain my hands with its lifo blood, hut I could tako it away," muttered Inez. 11 Placo it- where :aho could never Gnd it. She would not know but what it died;" Tlio thought of Florabol boing happy in tho future iu tho lovo of husband aud child drove hor to madness. . "It Bhall not bo,' slio cried. "It mutt not bo." Inez Claveriiig lost no time in noting upon tlio liorriblo thought tlmt had takon possession of her. Hastily robing her self in a long dark oloak which she found in tho wnrdrobo, and Bnalching up the oliild, and wrapping a thick slinwl about it, she hurriod out mio the street. Ah me 1 what a torriblo storm? How tho .winds ..shriokod and moanod around tho street, corners. "To tho orphan asylum," said Inez, drawing hor thick voil - more closely over her face, ob sho stepped into tlio vehicle.. Tlio driver sprang to his box, touched his horses with tlio whip,, and away thoy flew through tho gray dawn of tho early morning. Bidding tho driver wait for her on nn adjacent cornor, Inez made hor way on foot to tho orphanngo. Early as tlio hoiir wns, tlio busy bustling matron was up and about. Inoz wna shown iulotlio reception-room; where the mutron soon came to hor. " I am hero on quite a dclicato errand," said Inez, flushing, ns sho unwound tho slinwl, ndding, without atromorbrabluBh at tlio torriblo falsehnod-thnt burned hor lips I found this on our doorstop this 'morning, and not - knowing what to do witii it, ns I am a poor wenian, I lidve brought it to you." / " Poor little firing.)" exclaimed the kind-hearted matron, taking tho little creature in her arms. Whnt a horrible night for it to bo left on a doorstop I 1 wondor you did not find it frozen to doatli. It scorns to mo tlio vengoanco of God -.ought to follow a woman who so wrongs n holplosB littlo child," bIio said, fcol- ingly. A deadly pallor shot over Inez's faco, but sho vouchsafed no answor. After tlio usual formula wns gono through with, baby was received into the asylum, nnd Inez Clnvcring, with a sin on her soul that tho angola up in honven must liavo wopt ovor, took hor dopnrture. " The poor littlo thing must bo givon a namo," said tho matron, ns sho linndod tho baby ovor to nn nttendnnt. " With a face so sweet, sho should linvo a very pretty name." It must liavo been tlio vary irony of fnto tlint suggested itsolf to hor to call baby "Flora —Flora Winters. Inez reacted tho houso, and gainod Florabol's chamber without having been iniescd. It wns quito half nn Iiotir Inter era Flora bol opoued hor oyos. Inoz bont quickly ovor her. " Is it a dronm, Inoz," sho whisporcd, vaguely, "or wns thoro a littlo oliild? Have I ronlly n— littlo child?" "Try to forgot it, dear," murmured guilty Inez. "Thoro was a littlo child, but it is no more, and it was takon away. You must forgot it." " Florabol sobbed aloud. "Takon away before I had tiin'o to kiss its little fnco 1" sho sobbed, pitcously. "All; Hcavon, whymustllosoovorything I love ? I should have loved it so much. " You must bo content," returned Inoz, hoarsely. ; "How can I. bo content with my heart nnd my arms .both empty I" iiibanod poor Florabul. _ " Oh, Inez, it is hard, very hard.; I wish.I.had died, too, with poor baby. It was a littlo girl, wasn't it, Inez?" . . - . " Yes, but you must not talk about it ; you will inako yourself iil,"dcolnrod Inoz, nervously. " Horo, drink this ; it is a quieting draught." . . Florabol quiotiy obeyed. An hour lator Mrs. Burgoyno came to relievo Inez. ' " Why, where is tho baby ?" sho cried out, in anmzcmont, as sho turned the coverlet down. " Ilush I" 'whispered Inez, cautiously. "Tlio child died and tho doctor took it away with him." Tho steady gnzo of tlio cold, hard, brilliant oyes that mot Mrs. Burgovuo never Uinclicd. " Tho oliild died I" muttorod Mrs. Bur- goyuc, whan sho found hersolf alono. "A likely story for you to attempt to mnko mo bolicvc, Inez (flavoring. You liavo mado away with it in some fnshion. I will make it my business to find out wiioro it is ; tlion I will havo you in my poivor. You shall pay mo hamlruuioly for holding my tonguo, or I will go to this girl and tell hor all." Woary iifu had coinmoiiced again for poor Florabcl ; death would not come for tlio askino. Tiio day eaino at last whon sho told Inez sho could consent to bo n burdon upon her no longor. " I will nover mnko another appeal to Mnx to tako mo hack to liis heart, now that baby is dead," sho said, hor lovely oyca_ filling with tears. " Tiio tiino has como whon I must do somothing for mysolf." "What could you do ?" askod Inoz, curiously. "Whatever I can get to do," responded Florabol, bravely. " I wns speaking to Mrs. Burgoyno about it yesterday, nud she was telling ino of n vacancy in ono of tlio largo dry goods stores. I might try there." _ " If I can be of any uso to you at any timo in tlio future you havo but to com mand mo," said Inez. " Will you wr'to to mo onco in a white, Inez, and toll mo how he is ? I nm dif ferent from him. If ho woro ill, I would go to tho othor end of tlio world to him. All, thnt is truo lovo, Inez. I thought wliun I married Mnx ho loved mo liko tlmt." " Max wns always fickto in lovo affairs, ns his inotlior says. Havo spirit about you, Flornbel. Show him your heart is not broken." _" But it it broken," declared Flornbel, pitcously. " Any ono who looks in. ray face can see that." Thoro wore, many applicants for tho vacancy in the great dry goods houso nlrendy waiting when Flornbel reached thoro tiio following morning. But from among tlio many Fiornliol was solccted for tho jiosition. Hor pretty fnco and modest, retiring mannprs pleased tho proprietor, Mr. .Wnllingford, immensely. Hero, also, Florabol gavo hor namo as Miss Dean. ' " You may commence your duties as soon as convenient," ha snid. " You are to be in the ribbon depnrtmoiit. Miss Van Horn, ono of the -"young ladies in charge, will show you nil that is re quired." In all working places, wheravor thoro are a number of young ladies omployod, thoro is always olio who reigns supremo ovor tho other girls ; and iu this dry goods houso, Alethn Van Horn, n pretty, dark- oyod brunette, was tho ruling spirit. "How do you liko the now-oomor?" chorused tlio girls, gathoring around thoir leador nt lunch hour. "I hate hor," muttorod Alotha Van Horn, iii a low voice. ' One of hor companions laughed aloud; " That is hocaiiso s'io lias n pretty faco; and you are afraid your lovor tho manager, may fall in lovo with hor, Alothn," "alio declared. Tlio rest nil tittered, for thoy know it was Iho truth. "If ho should fall in love with her pretty pink and wliito faoo, I would mnko hor rue the day bIio ovor came horo, I can toll you that much." As Alethn glanced in tho direction of the haiidsotno young manager, Charlio Whitnoy, sho turnod deathly pnlo. Ho was watching Florabol with his hoart in his oyes. All, if Florabol could have fore- seon tho horriblo ond of tiiis affair. (To be Continued.) 