OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. The contest for the Melbourne Province election which takes place on Tuesday (to day) has p esented several features worthy of record. It has been conducted with the most perfect amicability by the principals. but, as in the case of Dolly Spanker's chal lenge to Sir Harcourt Courtly, it is those least interested in the result who have bens the n ot- achn ag to get up a tight. Mr. 1 lyrne's acts and associations have all along proved most detrimental to the- excellent chance he had at first. It is disinterring I -what Mr. Service styled the ghost- of the t buried Past;'hiT profession of political creed in 1864 was one of the funniest things 1 1 ever remember in politics, and his addendum 1 to it thzt' his pteseut programme included the extension of the system of pr.tiection, a free breakfast table, a fair week's wages' for a fair week's work, the national system of education; and expediting the transfer of land was, in a political sense, an archao logical curiosity.. His claim that because he took Mr. Halley's place at the former election when that gentleman, to avoid in evitable defeat by Dr. Beam, prudently retired; he was ertitled to be allowed a salkover this time in order that he might enjoy the seat for ten years and four months was of course untenable, anti the selection of C. E. Jones to move the 'ojt and proper" reso lution at the Athenmum and tmhe cholce of the unemployed agitator, Broome, as one of his canvassers were tactical mistakes which exhibited -bad generalship. In addition he suffered a good deal from the zeal of his allies, who bIad not the good taste to adhere to the lines laid down by their leader, when at the' Atheneum meeting" he said "He quite reciprocated the remark Mr. Service made the previous evening. No matter how the contest ended, when it was over their relations would be just the ?ame as when it' commenced. He 'desired that Mr. Service should be only treated politically in this contest and if tilers was a single word said 'to him otherwise he would publicly declare he. had no hand or part in it.". No wonder that such an open, manly statement as this was cheered, and for that very reason, in order to give -force to their leader's maxim, it would have been well if his subordinates had taken the hint and abandoned the practice of buttonholeing voters in the street, prefacing their remarks with the exordium "we want moral men in the Legislature, Sir, look at so and so &d.;" These kind of tactics in many cases did more harm than good. At candidate-baiting t'me, Mr Byrne had one funny experience. Asked if :he was is favor of the compulsory closing of 'shops, he said he was because, thoughr he liked :to spend a good deal- more -time -in - his -own ollice, 'hethought no employd should be compelled to work more than. eight hours. Pressed as to whether that ieanut that lihe would have all' shops closed at 7'o'clock, he drifted into a lovely fog, saying."' of course that is if your time would be up then. .What time do yon go to work ; is it eight o'e:ock or nilnoe o'cloek in the morning ? What I mean is that after you have worked eight hours, whatever time in the day:it is, you oug i to have done with it and go a'ay home, and of course if you go away the shop will have to: be closed." Fancy a coinm pulsory closing law which embodied this principle ! Under it the sliopman who commenced work'at eight would cease it at four in the afternoon, and the artisan?who started:with the whistle at six would be filishe' by two-a condition of things most salutary for the ravenues of the cricket and football clubs. No wonder the sihop sssist anits present, of whom there 'were many, cheered the candidate's views to the echo. "A Daniel ! a second Daniel come to judgment' i::lt.i ag god many years now since Mr. Service was dominie, and he has wielded the 1 pen and the tongue s long 'that hlie h pro bably 'a'most forgotten the educiative ihtlt ence of the ferrule, but as we are taught that "offlicial utterances must alwitya brespem.td," it wouild boa' kinddio. to us if l I'owuld're call onueatatement made on the platform tha is iif l;e'has'not been misreported, alto gethr-th-lit di?e" inii which' he remarked " i haive niow geitldemen" t'the" hhid' of i affairs in iEnglaid'prhaps; i'little slow 'as an Sold country and a big country rill be bifeiuse s large bodies more slowly excepting the Sub and the planets." Planets it may be admi tted r. are space to others of erraticl and Bohemian habits, but to associate', our stolid.- faced 'Phmbus Apollo with their gad-about procli 1 vities seems like putting a charge of. intellec Stual dynamite at the root of things. The latest p:an'of advertising inMelbourne is on. the Kinder.Garten principle, that of suggesting an idea by presenting an object. •Not that L..wish to suggest that the.good looking young man, who clad in barrister's robe, bewiigged and smiokiig a magnificent cheroot,,. which must have' cost at least a penny, who drives a hansom cab through the streets at a pace' consonant with the majesty and dignity of tlie lawr is what ladies terns "an object"; on the contrary he is rather personable, but rather that he is the outward objective sign or advertisemnient that "The Barrister" is being now played at the Princess Theatre. That moat eloquent of lecturers, Major Dane, is about to make a tour of the country ,tistricts-he opens shortly in Geelong-and those who do not seize the occasion and hear him will lose a- treat. He is a much' travelled, intelligent gentleman of handsome physique and most musically eloquent voice, and his descriptions of scenery and adven ture are conceived in the spirit of a poet and are told in phraseology most "fascinating. As a lecturer, he stands on an equal plane with the Reverend Charles Clark or Sheri rdan, far before men of the grade ot Archibald Forbes or Phil Robinson, though he has not had the great opportunities of the two latter, and the easy flow of his charming narrative style halts not, but Sprls on from 'beginning to the end. The lectures may not have the vividness or historic interest which attached to the "Tower of London" or "Kings I have met," but they are throughout full of illustrations, personal and picturesque. LDa lst Sunday I journeyed to Heidelberg 1 by train. It is 'not so dangerous as it looks, though the engine in its first weekly triumphant career uprooted a tramcar and smashed a set of railway gates, but it is the most remarkable journey that can be performed at present in Australia, and a singular example of how the country dis tricts may be deprived of their rights, while money is expended upon absaurdities in the greedy city. As the institution of a train to Heidelb rg is a novelty, all Collingwond was travelling by it the day.I speak of, and tbhe first-class carriages as well as all others were crowded with the hoodluhims who rushed them, despite the screamsand protestations of the ladies and stood up in the centre, swarmed upon the seats, and eve wanted to be in the rack., The train,. wvhich '.is a \- leisurely one, which does its work in- an unconcerned, 'Tasmanian sort ofe a' way, a sitarted from Spenccrstreet'17 minutes late ; and proceeded by way of North Melbourne, SMacauley Road, Kensington and Flemington Road.to theRoyalPark. After passing the SZoo, it quits the Brunswick and Coburg metals and sweeps round to the east, leaving North Carlton and North Fitzroy on the one side and EastBrunawickon the other. .The station sites from this to Clifton Hill are from two hundred andfifty to three hundred Syards apart, and'thepicting iup bind setting dlown isas frequent as on a tram car. It next I runs along the MerriCreek by way of North Scote to Clifton Hill where a long, wait takes place to enable the returning train bound for Melbturne to get to the platform. Assoon as it has departed the Heidelberg bound carriages, after waiting in our case about a quarter of an hour, uiunts on to tihe other line in order to get to the platform, discharges its passengers, shunts back again, and rattles down the creek spur to the Johnston street station, which, about two and a half miles from Spencer street, was reached in forty-eight minutes from the start. After another wait here we returned to Ulifton Hill where, after flitting about in a mysterious manner, we were laid up for another ten minutes until the next ordinary arrived from Heidelberg, when we crossed the Merri Greek and pursued the uneven tenor of our way, passing Fairfield and Alphington, crossing the Darebin Creek on a high-level viaduct, and finally discovering that the present terminos was half way down ithe hill, about three quarters of a mile from the centre of Heidelberg township. There is not a member of Parhliament representing a country district who should omsit to make it 'hs duty to inspect this absurdity of railway construction before Parliament meets. While country districts are left to clamor for neces sary arteries of commerce unsatisfied, this un natsuralcircularone is constructed, which is only able to earn seven shillings a Irain; and theonly justification pleaded for whichis that "some day a population may settle out that way, who will find it sometimes nearly as handy as a tram." SThbe Mayor of London rcf.. ed the tiuse of the Guild-hall for a piublic meeting'to consider the question of the national defences as le considered theb present agitation and pani@ gpasotriotc a(1 worthy of.tbejasie. 