\----i---- -- ,.BP .5S: nOsto I o ir . IntA CLLAN POE \- Command paze upon the fells .... : Water-falls " What ? ?'sp.of foaringi'apr.il "eeps o'er. their rocky wailll I How they tumble, tumble, t Ible ', Down tl i yearnicg gap beloW, Whilst the nevovi nug rumble teens a great gtantio grumble, S Or a sort of storater bbow ! Down'thiy o, go, ,- - , Ike i citern over.]low. O 1 the circumnavigation of those catarac S ttin ?i'fals, falls, fltrfaly l •Palles, llt falls- ", Of the deabing and the epl(dhing Of thi tall! loi about those horri alls, S F?othpath fa'ls . What a ahake-up.to the blody, nl how the mind i gall, And mern ay as down theyge : -, ." H?ng it all?" or "Ratlt ':or "Oh i" . Whilst thaomnisci ot boy,.. 'At height o volce, With ayell will them anaoy, F, r wit frdantia, fiendish joy S..Dthhe rejooe,: • Ohblt the epithee he* awls, Whilst his victim ipreata at d sprawls; Ii lw.he osils, ,And' at-like craw'. Up thielooj h;'a sid hegills, * Wish tritinphant caterwauls: The wretch;liytj, sigbig,- oying, From hr'faltl; fells' falls, fals,' , From htI:falls.fall-, From the acbleg and the shaking Of hi/rall:• When a woman has a new pair of shoes cent home she p.rforms altogether different from a man. She never ahores her toes into them and yanks and hauls until she is red in the face and all out of breath, and then goes stamping and kickingaround,- bat palls them on part way carefully, twitches them off agin to take a .last look, and sees if she has got the right ore, palls them on again; looks at them dr. aely, says they are.. just.right, then' taking another look, stops suddenly to smooth out a wrinkle, thista round and surveys them sideways, exclaims : "Mlecyl how, loose they. ae," looks at them again square in front, works her foot around so they won't urt her quite tomuch, takes them off; looks it the heel, the to-, the bottom, and the ilside, puts them on again, walks l p and down the room twice. remirkLs t her batter half that she won't have them it any price, tilts down the mirror so she:cal see how they Iok, turn, it. is every.po,.ible direc tion and nearly dislocates herneck trying to see how they lookede from that way, backs off, steps up sgsin, takes 30 er 40 farewell looks, uays that they make her feet look aw. ful big end will never do in the world, puts them on and.off three or four tinres more,; ask her huoband what he thinks about It, and then pays no attention to what ?says, goes through it all a;ain, and finally as'he will take them. It is tery simple. - \--They had a tiff, and he was anxious to clear away the ominous lines at the corners of her mouth. "I see that dresses are to be worn longer than usual next sea'on," he ob. servid, glancing carelessly up from the pages of hi morsing paper. " Well, if they are to be worn linger that I am compl'ed to wenr mine they'll have to be made of sheet-irao," she replied wi:h a look that, he afterwards confided to a friend, fairly scorched hin,. Jenny sighed and-Robin seizcd her " Pretty little treiabling hand,. Then with outstretched arms he squerzed her Half-reluctant firm-and-aul " Loose me I" but he'clap:rd heitighter, ' Jennie; say wilt thou be mine ! ' Then her bright face grew much brighter, And she whispered,"I am thine." Then they clasped each other fondly, Glesa together astwo bricks. Then they kised'eaeh other soundly, An-Tlft them ii?hat fi. TheiRev. . Dott Thompson advertises in theLondon .JIoriny iTil for -a valet who "'ust ktow a bit aboot )cxing, and, if aneemary, beable tOputup the raw 'uns." Itisvrr? evident thet eºeh -the nrtives of the far away. old world.ate troubhltd with book agents- occarion`aliy:l For what other easuon would a ministerof the gospel wish to hire a pugilist . A farmer met a patent m dicine fence. decorator in" Melbourne the other day and invited'h:m to come out. " I'll give Aa .? ?n? o piiltyour signs on fiva bhun . -'?:?dot reace along the main road," aid the farmer. The next day the sign pantf r hired an expebtive livery affair and drove out. The farmer gave him a warm 'eleeme and idvited 'im to' loop orvr the f " After' a'whie- e the -painter asked:to ee life hnldredrode of feoe -' Oh; I for. t?t to elll jaino tta," s id thes fr hme, "that the fence is iire. A yourg man prttpo'.d fot the had of a b autolulg As.'. asai calhtac he abid-T "I a fw a oyout answer rlth bfetdbreathb:" Th l,.l who i iis god lest of a hmtList, rald--' Well; Mr. fla, you wtll" haye to bait yoiur bricith wilk someihig' eildes whiskey to retch your humbl w - - "' Did, you ever _ tri to.. !al m `cabman ,tat. ld joke of, et losoveignf' asks, a friend, cts. .I-'ta olat, fuO. A rlitiot of mine tried it iterasumer, ais succeeded, n, is epito of the rather etale filarr,of this practical yoke. Ii.i tc a heaim itei miid. ..sat atehe Th.- P ,n .na.thi lodgings onie Caoin iw. £ e bng ail aeoin r qtljt e inang h mathsotihes i coin.' Acll rlht, enr, " c =1 .d ssel nose as anciit sell." 