THE CHINESE BOGEY. TO TI1K UUXTOU OV THE DAILY TELEGRAPH. yir,— 1-or some years past ths governing authorities of this colony have largely availed themselves of the assistance of bogeys to make things comfortable for themselves— much in the same manner as certain nurses endeavor to obtain pet'eo and ease by frightening their charges with threats of the probable visits of ghosts or "beomen." Thus tho Stuart-Dalloy- Dikbs-Jcnning group linn a bogey for home nud foreign affairs, and thefnrkes Government in similar cases, have now got a like pair of allies. With tho former gentlemen tho hotuo bogey was "Parke," the foreign one, "Bis- murck." In the latter case, the home bogoy is " Dihbfl " and the foreign ono " tho Em peror of Chiua," We all know the uses that the local bogeys havo keen put to aud withwliat effect ; but with the foreign oues the case is vastly different, for several euda have bceu sought to be attained by their use, though all of them tending to spread Abroad a peace and rest born of fear. Must ot us can remember whtn Germany wna showing a disposition to seize upon every pos sible island aud rock oven, iu the South Pacific, bow eagerly Messrs. Dalley, Jeuuinga and party sought to calm the storui that was rising In 1 these colonies through tho Bismurckinn pro ceedings, b. conjuring up fearful visions of two miliious of armed aud angry Teutons. How well . was tho graudcur aud might of tbo Teutonia Empire dilated ou aud how eagerly was our owu relative nud actual insignificance insisted on ! The two millioos of mun were as a lion aud wc tiB a little mouse at its fect. If we lived or breathed il was by the clemency of the lion, or, rather, by the lion's regard for an old friend across the North tica. It never seemed to havo struck M r. Dallcy nnd his friends that there wore other Powers iu the world besides Ger many aud Great Britain. First, let me remark that'll seems to be gcuerally taken for granted by tbo foreign bogey party that Great Britain vriil have nothiug whatever to do with au independent Australia. Be it fio. Let her wash her hand ot the tics of kindred. Let ua look beyond her. Germany, it is true, has two millions of men; out so has France, nnd France is a mortal foe of Germany. Evcu if those foolish persons in Yictoria, who are eternally worrving At the French people, do make some bad blood between Australia and France; yet if there wero a possibility of Germany 'having to detach large forces and squadrons to sustain a war against Australia in that country's waters, France would forget her annoyauces from Australia in the opportunity offered her lor an Advantageous attack on Germany, at a moment, too, when such an attack would have tbe moral — and secretly the naive— support, of uiany milliona of Anglo- Saxons in all parts of the world. The position would be exactly the samo if Fr.mco were the attacking party and If Russia were our foe.; we could count on tho alliance of Austria or Italy. Now as to China— tbe bogey of to-day. It is true that China has 400,060,000 of inhabitants ; put it is also true that these myriads are about 12 days' sail from the nearest part of our con tinent, a fact which makes our case very different from that of France, when, in her late war for Tonqmn, she had to face tbe Govern ment bogey on its own ground. Yet France under snch circutnstauccs nover had an army .of 20,000 meu iu all Cochin- Chiua, and probably never bad 10,000 men at auy one time in front of the Chinese forces; yet what was the result? Simply that tho Mongolian warriors were driveu in headlong rout from every position in which they did not outnumber the Fronch at least 10 to one. Again, as to tho boasted Chi nese fleet. Where was it when Admiral Courbet, with1 but a small fraction of the French fleet, blockaded all tho Mongolian ports and even bombarded and destroyed the arscuals of great cities ? The fact is the Chinese fleet, liko a good many moro thing Mongolian, is v9tly stronger on paper than on the high seas. There would bo small danger of his pig-tailed Majesty letting it go far out of sight of the Yellow Sea in a war with Australia. There would be far more likelihood of the small, fast cruisers aud torpedo boats of the Australian Repubiio showing the stnrs of the Southern Cross near tho Ynutzee Kiang than of the Imperial Chinese flotillas showing their Uxagons iu the Sonth Pacific. Bat grant ing that tho Imperial Mongols .would be so foolish as to send their ironclad to look for Australia, it must not be forgotten tbere is the voyage that fast merchantmen take about 12 days to steam. How many days would the heavy Chinamen take, seeing that thoy would all need to keep togethor for protection from tho onset of that mosquito fleet which, by the freo expenditure of money, Australia could obtain in a few months on applica tion to European and American yards ? Well, let us suppose tbe Mongolian ironclads did eventually arrive, what then ? In what state would their bunkers be when they sighted our country ? It is needless to say they would be empty, for with euch proper arrangements as the Federal Government would make, tbere would uot be an ounce of coal available between Torres Straits and Newcastle. This would pie an that the Mongol ironclads would be perfectly at the mercy of our torpedo boats, and unless they hauled down their yellow dragons, it fs possible, nay, probable, that bctweon Australian dynamite aud coral rocks not a yellow-skin on board would see the celestial shores again. So far from thinking a Chiueso war would be a calamity to Australia I fervently bellevo it would be the greatest blessing we could possibly receive. For tt would give us an excuse to clear out every yellow alion from our mid»t ; it would immediately federate our states into one nation ; it would give us a permanent national government, and, baptised with the ccrtaiuhalo of a glorious victory in a truly rlghtedus and holv canse, the flag of our new-born nation, the blue banner of tbe Southern Cross, would be an em blem tbat henceforth to all time would in spire tbo sons of our country with patriotic pride and a, firm resolution to live true to her, ic.,' ' Ii. THOMSON. ' Anrll 16. 