Uabies' Column. I Spoken in Anger. I 'Twos but a little word in anger spoken, While proud eyes flashed through bitter, burning tears : But oh, I felt that fatal word had broken The cord of lovo that bound our hearts for years. Thy tortured face, thnt long, wild look of Borrow, Liko some palo ghost, must haunt me whilo I livo ; And yet, liow bright, how full of joy the mor ' row, .Had I but breathed ono simplo word — ' Forgive 1 ' I did not hear the tender voice appealing, Nor marked thy anguish when I cried, 'De-partl' Too blind to see thy pitying glancc, reveal ing Tho generous promptings of thy noblehcart. How could I know that faithful heart was yearning, Though crushed nnd wounded to its iumost corc. To take me back, liko a weary bird return ing In. fear nnd trembling, when the storm is o'er. ' Remember, love, that it may be forever ; To seo.my face no more by night or day. Bo calm, rash heart, think well before we sever, Recall the angry word and bid me stay.' Dead Bilcnce fell; the song-birds hushed their singing. ' Enough,' I proudly cried ; ' I choose my fate.' 'While even through my maddened brain kept ringing - The death-knoll o£ my love — too late, too late 1 ''Forgive, forgive i ' I wailed, the wild tears streaming, ? As, 'mid the moaning trees, I. stood alono ; ' Love, let thy kisses wake me from my dreaming.' Thy pleading voice, thy torturcif face, was ? gone., ? That angry word, I may recall it never ; For o'er thy narrow gravo rank weeds havo grown. - - ' Remember, love, .that it may be forever.' Ah, words prophetic I love, had I but known I ?' My locks are gray, my eyes . are dim with weeping, Tho face once loved by thee, no' longer fair I Beneath tho daisies thou art calmly sleep Ing ; ' - ?there a lone woman- often - kneels in prayer. ^ - .Ah, sweetheart mine, '-thou^art- so lowly \- / * lhou canst . not ^car.:Atho s tearful voice » above, - i» That with the night wind evermore is sigh mg, _ ' ' 'I spoke in anger ; oh, forgive me, love I ' ??=.-. ,..-? V - — Fanny Forrester. 