Five Phases of Modern Re* ligious Belief. IV.— THE SPIRITUALISTIC PHASE Lecture by Rev. Gko. GRIMM. 'Prove ail things, hold fast that which is good.' 1st Tiles'-, v chapter, 21 vera ?. Tho present discourse is tho fourth of a series of lectures on !' Five Phases of Religious Belief.' It may be well ut tho outset to anticipate an objection which may be made to the classification of the present subject. Some persons will probnbly demur to the claim of spiritualism to' rank as a religious belief. But whatever may be said on theoretical grounds the question has already been practically de cided in the affirmative. Although this do main , has been invaded by an army of char latans spiritualism is held in a reverent spirit by many devout students of the Word of God, who claim to be religious in the highest and best sense. This phase of religion is also very modern. It was not heard of in its present form till 1848. In the spring of that year strange manifestations' began to appear in the home of a family who lived in the state of New Yolk. As no rational explanation could be found these noises were generally described to illusion or fraud. Tho public excitement could not thus be allayed, but was rather in creased by similar manifestations being re peated throughout America and in many parts of Europe, Curiosity Iwb been kept awake from that timo to tho present, and the result is a new system of belief which counts its fol lowers by several millions, 1 shall now lay before you a brief exposition of spiritualism in its religious aspect, and if, in order to do so tho more clearly, I shall appinr to occupy tho stand-point of the spiritualist, I must not be held as thereby identifying myself with any of the doctrines I am endeavouring to expound. Spiritualism regards man as a duialism com posed of soul and body. Tho change called death is simply tasting off the material enve lope much in the same way as some of the lower creatures discard their shells, and should not be apprehended with any degree of terror. Death produces no change iu the soul, either .moral or intellectual, for it re tains the same degree of culture, knowledge, and progress, or on tho other hand, of ignorance, depravity, and evil habits which characterised it immediately before leaving the body. The unclothed spirit passes directly into a mediate state which is neither heaven nor hell, but is supposed to be tbe place designated in the Old Testament by Sheol and in tho New by Hades. The conditions of life and its sur roundings in this invisible world are by no means so unlike those of th' present state as is commonly imagined, 'iho departed still live in societies and hold converse with rela tives and friends they had loved on earth. They have opened to them a similar career in knowledge and virtue, but under immensely more favorable circumstances, Those who have made a proper use of the present life start afresh, with all' tho vantage ground they have thus secured, while those who developed only the evil passions of their nature now find all their lusts raging like so many Harpies without the possibility of a single gratification, just becnuse they are separated from the body, Both the good and the bad will reap in tho intermediate state precisely what they had sown in this present life. 'There will be no imposed rewards or punishments, for cach one will have worked out his own doom. Never theless, opportunities of progress will be granted even here, for man's destiny is a never ceasing development which has for its goal the state of happiness which is called heaven. As to the place called hell, spiritualists do not seem to be agreed in their opinions, and per haps do not well know what to make of this article of the Christian creed. Tho visible and the invisible worlds are further described as everexisting and interpenetrating each other. And now comes the question of the possibility of communication. Tho common opinion is that there is none ; spiritualists say there is some intercourse under certain fixed and very difficult conditions. It is, however, kept within very strict limits and it is so for this very im portant reason that the other world being so much to be preferred to the present, men would lose their interest in this life and be impatient to get away if God were to permit the disembodied spirits to make full dis closures of its blessedness. What then are the conditions of this intercourse so far as they have become known to man ! As an indis pensable pre-requisite there must be a peculiar receptivity in the person to whom the com munication is made. Those possessing this qualification are called sensitives or mediums and are very rarely met with. These condi tions being satisfied let us next see what sort of communications ore said to have come from the other world. Tho earliest and still the most common are knocks or raps, either in- tended to be final or introductory to further manifestations. Sometimes thoy have been so faint as to be scarcely audible ; but on other occasions so loud as to shake the walls of the house. If we call this a strange and clumsy mode of operation, spiritualists tell us. it is only imitating our own practicc, inasmuch ns when we wish to enter another man's house we make known our presence al the door by knocking, and so it is with the spirits when they come to hold intercourse with our world. By a calculation of the number of knocks or raps a sort of alphabet has been constructed, and in this way some scraps of messages arc said tohave been received. But this is only one class of manifestations. In others, tables and .various articles of furniture have been lifted or re moved, heavy bodies have hud their weight diminished or increased; spirits have some times appeared in an ethereal body in order to be recognised by their friends. Occasionally the table has been covered with flowers, which in some cases have vanished with the ghosts themselves, and in others have been preserved for indefinite periods. It is even claimed that the crucial test of photography has been applied and resulted in tho impression of true likenesses of departed relatives. There is another class of phenomena which is still more extraordinary. Sometimes a brief mes sage is written on slate or paper by an unseen hand or if visible nothing else has' been seen. One of these communications, as well vouched for as any of the others, runs thus : ' You are sorrowing. Trust in God and He will help you;' On other occasions the incdinm, if in a stato of trance, is enabled to speak in unknown tongues, in one case, it is said, in as many as ten or twelve. If these things be true a revolution in human ideas is at hand. Spiritualists claim now to have obtained a key that will unlock many a mystery both of tho past and present. As ap plied to history it will give light on many questions over which tho world still hangs in doubt. Tho ancient oracles were once as universally believed as they are now generally discredited, but if spiritualism be true it is quite possible that tho spirits then re vealed glimpses of the future as they are said to do now. Witchcraft, which all the world once believed, and quoted Scripture in sup port of their opinions, but which is now re ferred to as a deplorable instance of tho super stitions of our fathers, may after all contain an element of truth on the same suposition. The speaking in unknown tongues, of which there was an unaccountable manifesta tion as late as the time of Edward Irving would be easily explained on tho principles of spiritualism. The strange stories of haunted houses, some of them apparently well certified, as in tho well known case of the paterual house of John Wesley, would in tho sumo way bo filially set at rest in tho affirmative. But above all other games whioh spiritualism professes to bring to human knowledge, it has the pre-eminent claim of proving tho immortality of the soul and the future life to a demonstration. At this present time and state of society when the world is steeped in materialism, when a sadducean philosophy is invading all ranks of tho people, when men in so great numbers are rocking their con science to sleep in tho belief that ' death ends all ;' this demonstration of tho soul's immor tality, if fully established, would come to man like a new revelation from God in heaven. Having given this exposition of the prin ' ciples and claims of spiritualism as impar tially as I could and as fully as tho time will permit, 1 now turn to the other side of tho question and will state some of the difficulties that hinder tho adoption of this new phase of belief. It cannot be denied that this whole business is carried on under extremely suspicious circumstances. Spirit manifesta tions can scarcely ever be obtained except in darkness, tho first request usually made is to extinguish the lights. No condition could be more favorable for imposture. Tho observer being thus deprived of the use of his eyes, his hands are next secured by being joined with others to form a circle. Moreover if the stranger be a determined sceptic, this state of mind is declared to be a bar to any communi cation from tho spirit-world. He must he disposed to believe before obtaining an op portunity of judging as to the truth or error of tho system in question. Then again, it is notoriously true that nearly all who have come prominently before tho public as expo nents of spiritualism have sooner or later been convicted of fraud. They have usually been actuated by the love of gain and been driven from the field by tho force of public opinion. Further, the communications received from the other world have by no means answered tho expectations which any reasonable man would have formed regarding their character and contents, Most of them are trifling, and some silly in the extreme. A message of real sound sense which is fitted to elevate the soul of men is the exception, not tho rule. When we try the system next by the test of Scripture many presumptions seem to lie against its credibility. That departed spirits hold intercourse wi h the friends they have left on earth, and know all about thoir state and circumstances is a doctrine which seems to be contradicted bjtiiat well-known passage In Job, which speaking of the deceased parent , says, ' his sons come to honor and he knoweth it not, and they are brought low but he per ceivelh it not of them.' The supposition of a middle state is equally destitute of Scrip ture proof. The Bible indeed speaks of Sheol and Hades, but only when it views the future state in tho particular aspect of its being the abode of the departed. To take it in the sense of the spiritualist seems forbidden by our Lord's words to the penitent' thief. ''To day shalt thou be with me in Paradise,' a» also by those of Paul wheu he expresses his desire ' to depart and be with Christ, which is far better.' Still harder to reconcile with Scripture is the assumption that in the other world a second probation will be granted to man however much he may have misused the opportunities of this present life. ? This is surely an awfully dangerous doctrine. Those who teach it should fear and tremble lest they send precious souls to eternal perdi tion with a lie in their right hand. On this subject tho divine oracles are very express and terribly emphatic, telling us that 'in the place where the tree falls there it shall lie,' and the canon closes with these solemn words which shou'd go straight to every man's conscience, ' He that is unjust, let him be unjust still ; ' and he that is filthy let him be filthy still ; and he that is righteous let him be righteous still ; nnd ho that is holy, let him be holy still.' Yet after all has been said on both sides of the question spiritualism may be one thing, and the theories men arc trying to build upon its manifestations quite another. The former may be substantially true, while the latter is wholly false. It may come to pass too that some difficulties which we apprehend in the Scriptu ral aspect of the question 'may be nothing else but our own misconceptions, which will vanish under fuller light. I would be the last man to taboo honest inquiry under the feeling of a morbid timidity which is always fearing some contradiction of Scripture. In the meantime spiritualism is entitled to tho benefit of the maxim expressed in tho words of the text, ' Prove all things, held fast that which is good,' For my part I cannot see that all the phenomena of spiritualism have been accounted for or explained away by any theories or hallucinations and illusion, or the more gross imputation of fraud and imposture. Neither can I agree with those who see in them tho glimmering of some occult force in nature. If anything they are actings of living, personal agents. What is wanted is more light, and those who seek it are to be commended, rather than blamed, for intruding into unexplored recesses. If any inquiry is pursued in a humble, reverent, and truth-loving spirit we may take home the comfort of Christ's own promise, ' Ye shall hear the truth and the truth shall make you free.' 