Hawaiian Superstitions. I A Verandah Chat. BYBEIAjE OSBOURNE. ' What a superstitious lot these Kanakas are 1' says Joe, who is stretched out in the bamboo chair on the verandah, the moon light throwing the shadow of the vines over his long figure clad in white linen ; ' if they have the toothache, and it rains, why, heaven weeps in sympathy ; if the little kcihi, steals the raw nsh of his grandmother, bang goes the thunder, and heaven is angry.' 'They never seem to think, 'says the navy officor, drowsily, from the hammock, 'that if heaven wept with everyone who had the heartache, by Jove I this would be a pretty damp place to live in !' I am sitting on the verandah steps, idly watching the moonlight on the mango, surely the most beautiful tiee that grows, almost too perfect in shape, shadowy, with shining leaves. . ? . - ' Yes,' I say, reflectively — bang I falls a mango on the roof — 'they are full of a thousaud little superstitious tricks and mysteries : don't you know how they pound little sticks into the ground before their enemies' houses?' *? What's that for ?' from the ham mo ck. ' It brings death to any one who steps on them. Oh, they profess religion, and sing, and pray sincerely enough;- but as sure as anything i3 the matter with them, they get frightened and send for their kahunas .' u And what might a kahuna be 7' 'Oh, those kahunas /' Joe gives an im patient kick; 'they make me tired 1 They do the awfulest tilings ! They are a sort of doctor and priest combined, and everything they say is all right. Kid falls into the lire aud gets burnt. Kahuna comes, eats a piece of roasted black pig — ' «, It is always a black ]} ig,' I interrupt, ' and then they go to sleep and pretend to dream.' 'Who's telling this story?' — a 'man always thinks he can tell a story better than, hia wife — 'When he finishes his mummery' with the black pig, or chicken, or cat, he heats a board red hot and applies it to the burn. How on earth they explain matters, when the kid dies, I don't know.' ' The strangest thing to me,' I Temark, in a meek snubbed way, ' is the anaana .' ' I've heard of that, ''said he of the brass buttons, lighting a cigarette, and giving a momentary Rembrandt effect of broad white forehead and straight nose, and then fading back into shadow ; ' but - do you really be lieve it?' 'Believe it! Why, the kahunas havo -in their power every Kanaka in the kingdom. If they suspect the priest going to anaana them, or pray them to death, they lie right down and die, and not all the king's horses, or all the king's men, to say nothing of the white doctors, can save them.' Well, you know,' from Joe, 'Doctor Thompson says that he is absolutely power less to save a man who is being prayed to death. He says he has tried to argue with them that their disease is not fatal and they can not die, but they prove their side of the argument by giving up the ghost.' ' I remember when our ship was at Hilo,' said the navy officer, ' we heard of a native politician who got awfully angry at three men for not voting his ticket, He paid a kahuna a lot of money to anaana them. The three men defied him for a time, and swag-N gered about, pretending not to care, but they gave right up to the first ailment they had ; one died of . a cold, another succumbed to the mumps, and the third one simply kicked the bucket because' he realised that it was his fate.' ' They predicted when Like-Like was go ing to -lie,' I chip in, 'You peversawher did you 1 Sho was young, bright, gay, and the best looking of the royal family. She dressed fashionably, was a beautiful waltzer, and spoke English fluently. She seemed to be above superstition, and yet Bhe died when they said she would.' ' ? 'And when was that?' % . ' When the lava flow stopped. It would not have been so strange had she known of the .event, but she died, and it was after her death that the steamer came in from Hawaii with the news that the lava flow had stopped the very hour when our princess breathed her last.' ' 'I wonder,' says Joe, 14f the lava flow ever yet caught Pole's pig ?' 'I know,' says the navy officer, 'that Pele is the Goddcs3 of Firo and lives in tho volcano. I know that phe used to cxact human sacrifices, and that, even now, natives will go to the volcano and drop money, and even dogs into the boiling lava— but I never knew sho owned such an unromantic thing as a pig.' 'Oh, she dosen't own him,' 'I say 'he is ? tho pest of her .life I She hates him, The natives pay ho lives in the district of. Kona, and that when Pele is asleep, or, in other words, when the volcano is inactive, he comes out of his lair and roams over the premises. They say she gets hopping mad, and flares Up, and bubbles, and finally chases him with streams of red- hot lava, and that accounts for all the flows down tho Kona side of the mountain.' '' Then how do they account for the great flow of 18G8 that camo so near destrovincr Hilo ?' ' Oh that was such a blow to the mission aries 1' I say with a malicious chuckle. «* They try so bard to combat tho native sup erstitions. There was a big eruption, and a great flow rolled down tho mountain side to ward the pretty littlo town of Hilo. I used to think that lava rushed down, and peoplo had to run to get out of the way ; but it ia liko a huge wave of molasses^ rolling and curling, and sending out long, snaky tougue9. It cools rapidly on top, like a crust, but keeps breaking through at the edge, and bubbling, It was eight months crawling towards Hilo, until one more day's flow would havo dea-. troyed the town,' Joe laughed. 'Lord! how the people were getting out of Hilo 1 Especially the Portu guese, who were leaving in shoals. Tho mis sionaries prayed every day by the flow, and prayers were offered up in all the churches. It did seem as though, after all these months, on a downward slope, nothing on earth couRi save the town.' 'They appealed to Princess Ruth,' I con tinue, ' She was tho last descendant of tho great Kamehamehasi you know, and the nativea believed in her, so when they gtc\v frightened they sent for her, and tho huge princess—' 'Dear little thing 1' laughs Joe 'She only weighed four laundered and eighty pounds!' ? 44 Well, they carried her in a litter to the place, and she stood in front of 'tho lava, and threw in Bome sacrifices — ' ' A black dog, some money, a bottle of gin, - and a bilk dress,' said Joe. ' —'And. appealed to tbo. Goddess Pele, begging her to save the town, and reminding her of her promise never to harm Hilo. Then she said calmly to her servants 'It will Btop,' ' ''Do you know what she did?' cried Joe, enthusiastically ; ' sho went into a cottage in ♦the very teeth of tho flow, and slept. There's faith for you. And it stopped I The great, twisting, moving, hideous mass of fire rolled back on itself and stopped 1 And thoro you can see to this day tho black hardened lava only a few yards from the outskirts of Hilo.' ' No woridfer they are superstitions,' says the navy officer, v4,.Afew such, coincidences would affect anybody. I wonder, though, if the missionaries' would have called it super stition if the flow had stopped in answer to . their prayers?' ' Don't you remember when Prince Lun alilo was buried?'' says Joe; 'that was enough to make anybody superstitious.' ' What was that?' the navy officer sits up, . balancing himself in the hammock so that the moonlight glitters on his blonde head. 'Tell us all about it.' ' Ting-a-ling—ting-a-ling?' 'It's only the telephone,' I say, as I go to the instrument. ' Lieutenant B. wanted on board the Adams ' Oh, pshaw !' from the hammock. -'That telephone is very convenient, but it is a nuisance sometimes— I say, pKiaso ring up one-forty- eight for a carriage, will you? and tell us about Prince Lunalilo while' it's coming.4' . 1 ' Well, I soy, curling up comfortably in tho corncr of the steps, 'he was an immense favorite, you know.' . ' Yes, I know — jolly fellow— -heard! lots of good stories about him,' ' When he died, he waa buried with great, pomp, but for some reason or other his place i of burial was afterward changed, and when his body was removed the natives asked the government for another salute of twenty- . four guns, to which tho answer came that . they had already buried him with all the honors, and didn't propose to waste any more powder. The natives were hurt and indig nant, and though a great storm came up, thousands followed bis body to its last rest ing-place. As the cortege passed into the gates of tho cemetery, the . thunder burst forth, nnd everybody declares that twenty four distinct claps were counted,'! 'Oh, take off one clap,' says the lieuten ant, flippantly, as ho looks for his hat. 'Well, I declare I is that rain? After this moonlight, who would have thought it ! Wellj good-bye. Ahha nut, as the natives say.' 'Good-bye. So sorry to have you go. You see 4 Heaven weeps in sympathy.1 ' 