AMUSEMENTS. "HER MAJESTY'S THEATRE.-MR. GEORGE C. MILN AS HAMLET. Soldom has a moro friendly and enthusiastic andienco ['greeted an actor'in this city than that which called Mr. Georgo C. Miln, the American tragedian, so many times before the curtain on Satuaday night, at Her Majesty's Theatre. The audience was a very large ono, and. in spite of the fact that the performance did not close till somewhat after 11 o'clock, very fow left before that time. The dress circle was moderato in its applause as dress circles at times are, but the gallery, tho family circle, and tho stalls wore lavish in their demon- stration of sympathy with tho actor and of appreciation of his impersonation of "the noblest, saddest, saddost soulin literature." At the close of the performance, Mr. Miln was called before the curtain, and bouquets were handed up to him amid much enthusiasm. Miss Louise Jordan, who played Ophelia, was also presented with several fine bouquets at tho close'of the mad scene. If Saturday night may be taken as an indication of how Sydney intends to rogard Mr. Miln, (hero eau bo no doubt whatovor about his popularity. Tho play was staged as it has novor beforo been staged in tho colonies. Somo of tho scenos wera beautifully painted. Throo notably were vory lino-tho sceno on tho ramparts, where the Ghost held its speech with Hamlot ; tho graveyard sceno which was singularly artistic, woll-composod, and toned by colour and light, and tho closot sceno, which in its half-lights, ita wann wood offocts, and its burning torches, throw au air of weird quint and sorrowful solitude over all. Tho largo stage of Her Majesty's Thoatro gives ampio opportunity for improHsivo scenes, and Mr. Rignold has taken full advantage of. it. Since tho thoatre was first opened with " Henry V." ho has placed play aftor play upon the stago with an artistic fidolity and a complete- ness which many of the groat English and Continental theatres might copy. "Hamlet" last night was played amid scones, that at least snggosted tho castlo on tho stormy heights of Elsinore, which Saxo Grammâticùs first mado so well known to tho world in his story of "Hamlet, Princo of Denmark." Thero is no reason why ''Hamlet" should not bo played ' Vitlï ? still moro splendour of surroundings-and, indeod, with still moro barbarism of stago arohitecturo, appointments, and costumo than tradition has established. Of lato, in many respects, actors have broken looso from generations of conservatism in form and interpretation, and tho modern stago is boginning to tako upon itself habits of expression which aro in accord- ance with tho life of to-day, und at tho same time in sym- pathy with the life, medialval or ancient, pourtrayed in tho legitimate drama. Salvini, Coquelin, Irving, and particularly tho lattor, havo led the way in tho work, and tho stago of 1S88 is not tho same as tho stago of 1868 or 1878. Wo aro not surprised now at bold exploits in dramatic interpretation of the classic drama, at oxcisión, at change of construction, at sconic introductions which iu old days would bo regarded as " dangerous innovations," and at now readings which, if Macready, Phelps, and Siddons could hoar, might mako them give themselves over to lamentation as though it wcro the second fall of man. * It is probable, therefore, that Saturday night's audience that watched the curtain go upon " Hamlet," as played by Mr. Miln, Miss Louise Jordan, and Mr. Rignold's cupablo company, wera not particularly startled at tho many now readings which Mr. Miln gave to tho text of Shokspeare's beautiful and overwhelming tragedy, or surprised at the excisions or unprepared for the exhibition of somo novol ideas. And |from tho start in considering Mr. Milo's Hamlet wo havo to regard it as ono that is different from any other that has been seen here, as daring in many respects, and as likoly to provoke much criticism and create considerable interest. When Edwin Booth was a young mun of 21 years of ago ho vißitod Australia, and was then beginning to form that reputation for Shakespearian interpretation which has made him us much beloved in England us in Amorica. Many years ago, also, Joseph Jefferson carno hero with his world-famed "Rip Van Winkle," and became at onco popular, and from timo to timo there have como hore from America actors and actresses of lesser magnitudo, who have boen appreciated greatly, und some of whom havo settled here altogether. With American actors, therefore, Australian audiences aro not unfamiliar, and Mr. Milli carno with a public prepared moro or lass for a stylo of acting which was English, yet not of Eng- land. As Hamlet tho audionce had a good chance to judgo of his personal characteristics, bettor than if he had ap- peared in "llichlicu" or "Richard the III.," or " Tlio Fool's Rovonge." Ho is a young mau of height below tho medium-about that of Edwin Booth-and has a head of very fino intellectuel cast. As soon as ho made his appearance, to most cordial applause, it was felt that the Hamlet which ho would present would bo ono nt least that was striking. So it proved to bo. To exactly defino it would be hard. It was strangely unevon. At ono time it would scorn that tho actor was doing his work in a perfunctory way ; at others his concentration and physical expression almost bordered on a painful power ; now, ho gave ns a glimpse of a Hamlet of a very modorn and unprincely typo, and again an outline of that Hamlet of whom Gootho speaks thus :-" A lovoly, pure, noble, and most moral nature, without the strength of nervo which forms a hero, Binks beneath a burdon which it cannot bear, and must not cast away. All duties aro holy for him; the present is too hard. Impossibilities have been required of him-not in themselves impossibilities, but such for him." Thors wore moments when one felt liko saying " This man has somo startling indications of tragic strength," und again there were others when one lost in- terest in him and found the mind wandering to the other characters of tho play, forgetful of this sad central figure. In tho sceno with Ophelia, succeeding tho beautiful soliloquy on suicido, thero were gentío refined touches of a lovable nature, such as Hamlet's was. In tho sceno with Polonius, with Osric, with Rosencrante, and Guildenstorn there was nn offhanded noas of mannor and a tendency to be tho plebeian princo which woro blighting to former pood impressions. Human Mr. Miln's Hamlet was- too human often, because too physical. Tho Hamlet of Shakespeare is a suffering, gentle being, of high mental capacity, a creaturo of thought rather than of action, of infinito un- rest and yet of marvellous intellectual reposo and even austerity of thought at times. Ho is melancholy un- happy before the ghost appears ; but when ho has once said, " Remember theo ! Ay, thou poor ghost, whilo memory holds n seat in this distracted globe," there is a man who, with a burden of sorrow in his mind too groat for his nature to bear, makes speeches fantastical which aro but the strango means of giving expression to his agonised feelings, and making tkoapparentrnadnesaof thomstrikowith sudden blow, the king or thoso about him whom ho dis. trusted. Sometimes theso speeches in Mr. Miln's hands became occasions for mirth which indeed should have been pity, for there is nothing so pathetic in all literature as this "diseased wit" of Hamlet. In such speeches as that after tho first scene with the players, bpginning " O what a roguo and peasant slave am I," and in tho action of such as that of tho grave- yard scene, where tho lines run, " I pri'.heo tako thy fingers from my throat," Mr. Miln was strong and ho was very effective in a number of situations, notably that where the apparition appears-or rather does not visibly appear in Mr. Miln's 'version. His acting in this closet scene was marked by intenso excitement and a passionate vigour, and hore, as in very many instances, he was roundly applauded. Thore is a burning forco about Mr. Miln's Hamlet which was displayed to the best advantage in the first sceno with the ghost. His anguished interjection of " O God," when the ghost says, " List, list, O list ! If ever thou didst thy dear fathor love," and the '.' O my prophetic soul, my undo," wore fine bits of concentrated feeling. - Some of Mr. Miln's now readings mast have startled thoso who had never heard them or him before. In tho battle- ment scene after the ghost has gone, he says : " The timo is out of joint, O, cursed spite, that over I was born," leav- ing out the " to set it right," which appears in the text. What is gained by this in the interpretation of tho idea it is im- possible to see. It is clearly an unnecessary intorferonco with Shakespeare. Another instanco is, " Why lot the devil wear black, for I'll have a suit of scarlets. " But then again there were readings which woro suggestivo of a study of tho play which was bont towards bringing out all the meaning of the text, as in the case of the emphasis on " you " in " I never gave you ought," when Ophelia gave him back his gifts, and in the "you" of "and look you, mock him not" to the player. These are but instances of Mr. Miln's original treatment of the text. There was much that was un- conventional in his acting also coupled with much that ' was mast conventional in tone and gesture. But in other things than the text there were now ideas. The "maimed rites," heretofore by most actors pretty steadfastly used found expression in a dozen or moro"soldiers, in a half-dozen pretty girls in white to bear the corpse, and in tho body of ' Ophelia being brought ou with face uncovered, and lowered into the grave before the audience so. '1 his scene was on the whole the most effec- tive in the presentation. Tho scenery was beautifully painted, up to u certain point the music was good, and tho ancient graveyard effect was admirably achieved. All through tho ceremony a soft-toned bell tolled a sad accompaniment, and the scene was only marred by Laertes jumping, apparently to the audience, right upon the faco of Opholia in the gravo. Tho farewell admonition of Polonins to his son was omitted altogether, as was also the King's repentant prayer and Hamlet's diverted purpose. The non appearance of* the ghost in Uie elèset sceno was another " in- novation." To take its place was a belt of light thrown across the apartment and upon the figure of Hamlet and tho Queen. This effect was very good, but it is doubtful if it can take the place of tho supernatural influença produced by the appearance of tho ficaire itself. In this scene the Queen, played by Miss Emily Fitzroy, was dressed in pure white. From such things as these it can be seen how much out of the beaten track is the Hamlet which we are now discussing. Miss Louise Jordan aa Ophelia waa disappointing in tho first part of the performance. Sho dressed peculiarly, and she played somewhat listlessly. In the mad sceno, how- ever, there waked np a power and a fine discrimination not ' seen in any of her previous work in the play. Miss Jordan ia. undoubtedly a woman of marked íntelhgonco and of keen dramatic instinct. Her Ophoha resembles that of Miss Eastlake, and therefore that of Miss Essio Jenyns, m this respect, that no doubt is left whatever as to tho relations of IItomlot and Ophelia Miss Ionian makes the matter still moro pronounced by examining tho wedding-ring on tho Queen's finger, then i looking at nor own flngor, on which no ring is, and then, I repeating tho words ot tho ongmol bearing upon tho loss of I chastity, which aro generally omitted, eho bursts into tears Whore thero exists anv doubt regarding a certain int«rpre latiou of a character, it is genorallv wisei to lot the judgmont "lcau to virtue's side," and wo cannot but think that this interpretation of Ophoha is one which robs the olav of "Hamlet" of much of its lofty beanty Mibr Emily Fitzroy made a handsome and graceful Queen Sno was most rostofull) dressed, and with her tho question of tho Queen's ago seemed sottlod She looked young enough to bo the sister of Hamlet In certain parts she showed strong dramatic power and intensity Tho King was pla) ed fairly well by Mr H R Jowett, whoso make-up, strango to say, was that of a mau scarcely oidor than Hamlet Ho was well attired, and his acting had tho mont of bomg reserved Mr Stirling Whjto pltived Polomus voi> wall,giving, however, scarcely onough of that garrulous sido of tho old courtier como to his Bocond childhood w hich is more apparent m the (o\t than any other Mr \V altor Howe as Laertes was vorv good- looking, und ho spoke his lines vv ltb much bcttorgracntlianhecarried himself Mr. Ha/.htt'a Horatio was manly, honost, and composed, and Mr Hall w as fairly lniprossivo as tho Ghost Mr J R Greville played the First Graved]ggcr admirably, aided acceptably bj Mr Joo Tolano as tho Second Gravediggor Ono of tho best features of Mr Miln's support was Miss Athena Claudius's acting as tho Flavor Queen Sho looked pretty, she spoko well and she acted effec- tively. Rosencrauz and Guildensloin and Osric were played with much appreciation b) Messis \incout, Westmacott, and Punston, and Messrs Guyton Heath and Frank Harcourt woio warlike as Marcellus and Bornardo Mr Isaacson managed to draw applauso for his rendering of tho speech of tho olav or, and Mr J fc>vvctno> was cffoctivoas tho Priest Thoro can bo littlo doubt that " Humlot," as it is bomg played at Her Mojostv's Theatre, will attract much attention and havo much popularity, judging frani tho e0oct of Saturday night's performance 