WHO SHALL BE LEADER? Scene. — Opposition Room. Messrs. Garvan, Abbott, Fletcher, Melville, and other Members of the Opposition disco vered discussing note from Mr. Dibbs resign ing the Leadership. Melville. — Well, that's a blessing. Now he's gone and done it, 1 claim tne leaaersmp wno ve rainy won ic. Abbott.— -Impudent imp ! When scarce this ink (pointing to note) is dry — Dry as our eyea that somehow cannot cry — While yat our leader's cor.se unhonoured lies, Like a dead donkey's, prey to crows and flies ; Ere yet a decent grave we've time to dig for him, He'd jump the dead man's boots, though far too big for him. Melville. — ' I come to bury Cee3ar, not to praise him—' Too dead a ghost for criea or kicks to raise him — And for his boots, know, minion, that my own Are big enough to wade in to the throne. at the play I heard a little stuck-up Tartar say. But let us hear what says our late good master Of this his last and finishing disaster. Abbott. — What should he say but viciously pitch Into you all who left him in the ditch — Garvan. — Had not the letter better go as read ? Cheques are worth nothing when the drawer's dead, And this as little since the question vext Is not of our late leader but our next. I beg to move that, as beyond compare Best- looking of the lot, X take the chair. Slattert. — Can that be said without the gross est flattery While yet yon looking-glass reflects a Slattery ? Have you forgot whose eyes that famous night Mashed like twin giglampa in the foremost fight ; Whose splendid action through that fearful Saved ship and crew and passengers and all ? Melville — But lost yourself. Why, man, if I had fettted 'em, In half the time as Chairman I'd have settled 'era. But leader me no leaders; be it known That Melville leads or Melville ? Abbott. — Takes a bone. Melville. — Now by the bones of all my dead I vow There never was such bag of bones as thou. Aye, there you stand, full up from head to feet on 'em, Bones of all sorta, without a rag of meat on 'em — Minister, member, leader, still confessed, A bare, bald, bloodless skeleton at best. Fletcher. — Hoot, mon, he'd make a dozen on ye. Still I say He's not the leader for our shift to-day. These rough-and-tumble times for leadership You want a man of sturdy grit and grip (You know the man I mean), who can oppose Not with mere frothy eloquence his foes, But when their fiery spirits they unbottle 'em, Will calmly cross the floor and simply throttle 'em. O'Stjllivan. — And get locked up and fined two quid a day ! Besides at that game two can often play. Let me be leader and with my jaw-breakers I'll stun them all as still as any Quakers. Abbott. — Ingrates ! 'Gainst him to be such selfish planners Who tried so hard to teach you better manners ; Corrected alljyour speeches ; taught you how To greet the Chair and make your little bow j Who still would lead you a3 he did so long— — Melville. — Six and a half, and always led us wrong. What, is it not enough to suffer Parkes, Put up with Abby's cheek and Haynea's larks, The Speaker's ignorance and Wise's law, M'Elhone's growl and Inglis's guffaw, But we must hear an. Abbott daily preach. A solemn sermon on our parts of speech ; Sneer at our 'manners, say with vulgar wit, Unlike our -jlothes, they're really made to fit ; Flout our 'best eloquence as rant and raving ; For ever lecturing upon ' behaving Like gentlemen,' himself as big a boor As ev dr called another one a cur. Perj' .sh such leadership ! I'd rather take ^A&fc; 'bone' he spoke o£ — save for Cameron's sate. Abbott. — I wouldn't doubt you, though poor Cameron may. Rather than lead you I'd for ever stay On that back-bench whence Dibbs and I alone Watched your last effort for that selfsame bone. Melville. — You lie ! Gabvan.— Consider, Sirs, if fit we're few; To fall out 'mongst ourselves will never do. And now I think of it, what odds, indeed.^ Who's leader wittx so little left to lead ? Union is strength, and so, rolled into one, Let's all be leaders and the trick is done. All.— Agreed ! Agreed ! MsLviLLE.—'Tis well, but—bar that 'bone'— I know who'll soon be leader and alone. (Exeunt Omnes.) 