STRAY NOTES. (BY JAMES GRASSIE.) HOME RULE. wnen IDS marquis 01 oaiiaoury recently enumerated the benefits Ireland and Scotland derive from the Union, he stated thatScotlandr at anyrate, preserved her laws intact. But the. Assertion is a fallacy, for she hardly retains a shadow of her laws. Scotland has a Scotch law Supreme Court the Court of ^Session-but litigants, when they can afford it, have an appeal to the English Courts,-where Scotch law is not Understood, or they may even appeal to the Imperial Parlia ment, where there are 420 English representa tives against 72 Scotch ones, and of these 72 the one half are Englishmen. ; A few years ago the Puke of Sutherland had a dispute with a Scotch farmer over some fisheries, and he defeated the Duke in the Scotch courts; but the Duke at once appealed to an English tribunal, whither the farmer could not afford to follow him for want of funds, and the Scotch decisionwas quashed, Only last year the aristocratic holder of the Kintail deer forest'prosecuted a cottar named MacRae " for that he, the said Duncan Mac Rae kept a pet lamb that often trespassed within tne precincts of the deer forest."/ The foreat contains 1)0,000 acres, and tne poor pet lamb could not do it much harm; con sequently the Bheriff dismissed the case as too frivolouB to be entertained. But the; deer; fancier appealed, and' the' cottar had to pay duty, fox.cach time his-pet crossed the forest bonier. _ . .... A more atrocious case-than .that -was never heard in "the Supreme Court of Dahomey or Timbuctoo, putting Russia out of the question. Amongst Scotland's 72 parliamentary repre sentatives Bome are very ignorant of.Scotch, affairs. ..A few years ago James Morrison, a* wealthy London linen draper, who represented the Scotch burghs of Inverness, Nairn, 3?orres, and Fortrose,: speaking on the subject' of taxation said that Caledonia had the ad vantage <>f 'England, and he cited the case of Scotch distillers, who, he said, paid only 38. 4d., per .gallon on spirits at proof,': while the English distiller paid 7s. 10d.; but the actual fact was that at that time the Scotch distiller also paid 2s. 7d. per bushel on the .malt he used, one bushel being equivalent to *a' gallon of spirits, and he, therefore, paid 6s. lid. per gallon on his spirits. But the English distiller, who paid 7s. lOd. per gallon, got a: "malt drawback" of 2s. 7d. ? per- bushel refunded to him by way of bounty, so that he actually paid .only ,ob. 3d. per gallon. I"mention, the subject merely to show,how ignorant members, of parliament sometimes are j on public matters. ' v That Scotland needs Home Rule as much as Ireland" doerf cannot for one moment be dojibted, but -what amount of sophistry can expunge the claim of the: latter, which for the last century has* been rilled by coercion-that is, by the sword ? : Tne only manufacture encouraged in Ireland is the manufacture of whiBky, which helps to keep the people in their deplorably dependent position! But if they had Houie Rule other, manufactures would spring up, as they have done in the colonies, and particularly in Canada, where the people are beginning to look beyond Home Ride. 6INGULAB. There are three items in Australian history that ought not to be loBt sight of, because further light may be thrown on them hereafter, or they may tend to promote and aid enquiry. The first is that Stewart the explorer, when in the very centre of this continent, fell in with a tribe of aboriginies who had never seen a white man before, and, nevertheless, not only under stood the Mason's grip, but returned the re cognising signal correctly. The same traveller found stones bo placed in the same locality that they seemed to indicate a former druidical place of worship, and lastly in the Wellington CaveB of New South Wales, and beneath the stalactite, a tolerably well executed outline of the human face waB found engraved on a rock apparently with a chisel, and that face doeB not represent the.face of an Australian aboriginal. A SHEEP FBAOAS. A fracas occurred the other day between two Bhepherd kja^s.. in -the Benyeo territory which may bringjgnst to the Themian 'mill and keep Coke and Lyttleton grinding law for a while. It seems that a flock of fat wethers belonging to Fan No. 1 got in amongst a very large Hock of ewes with newly dropped lambs belonging to Fan No. 2, who refuses to muster his lambs to let the wethers out. Fan No. 1 threatens to send ThemiB for them, and No. 2 threatens another Trojan war. > A battle is imminent and soon the lists will be entered by the antag onists. When I passed the camp yesterday, the armourers with busy hammer closing rivets up gave fearful note of preparation. : ;1 , A GHOSX. The Kirby ghost was in high feather last week, having been seen of many, but it only spoke to a halfw-itted man who had lingered long and tarried late by the way, and all it told him is hardly worth recording. It merely said that , people ought. not to put buttons in the Benyeo kirk plats, or give the wayfarer a prayer with a pannican of dour. It resembled the spectre that a Scotch brewer once called from the vasty deep to tell him why his beer was so bad. The ghost, having tasted the swipe said with 4 grimace "pufrm/tir malt 'arid-less salt into .your beer and itwilTnot be:8o bad^' ;\ < IJ METEORIC STONES. There is a sand dune on the Benyeo side of Bringalbert, which, contains about forty tons of iron stone-the only iron stone in that quarter above, beneath, or around. Bobby Fry, the aboriginal-like the last rose of summer left blooming alone-asserts that he heard his old father say that those stones fell one day from the sky and it is possible that they did so. A squatter at Benyeo is having them built into a wing to his castle, and he will be able to boast soon that one of his wings was once a comet. LEX IALONIS. During last century the Scotch Highlanders were a pugnacious race, never at ease but when they jwere at war, and when they, were not fighting with the Saxon they fought with each other,' Clan being often pitted against Clan over trifles light as air; but they seldom like the Trojans resorted to single combat, and when they fought duels it was with a selected number:on each side. John Barbour, an old historian, describes a duel fought on the links or common of Perth, between a selected band from two clans, but he 'spells the names of the clans so quaintly that even antiquarians cannot now make out who they were. When they had entered the lists it was found that one side was a man short, and the duel was about to lapse when a Bword maker in Perth known as the Gow Chrom, or crooked. Smith, volunteered to take the place of the absent gladiator, and he proved the best swordsman amongst them. . Barbonr relates that that duel was witnessed by thousands of spectators, and Sir Walter Scott makes good use of the legend in one of bis novels. ; ; ; At a subsequent period a somewhat similar duel was fought with fifty on each side selected from the Comyns or - Cummings, of Strome Castle, and the Frasers of the Aird, and, strange to say, there was a blacksmith, one of the Comyns, in it, and he also proved the .best man in the ring. The battle was fought at Ardblair, about half way between Strome and Beaufort, and none but the com batants were permitted to appear there with arms of any kind. It seems, according to the Totick manuscript, that the duel was so closely contested that it resulted in a draw, with an equal number killed on both sides; but the historian omitted to state what the numbers were. The causus helium was a disputed boundary, and it would look queer if the Vic torian and South Australian legislators were to Bend .out fifty from each side to slash each other over the' Benyeo line. Fancy Mr. Shiels tak ing the place of " the absent man," who prob ably considered discretion the better part of valour, or, Mr. Moulden exclaiming, " In me behold'a resuscitation of the Gow Chrom." . . Th'ese Warriors carry their weapons in their mouths, and their swords are supplied by geese or the steel penmaker, which is one of the re sults of civilization in these degenerate days. At a btill:more recent period a similar duel was proposed by the Chief of Glengarry, the other side being the MacDonaldB, of Keppoch, kins, men of the challenger, and it lapsed into a eingle combat, and the first in the Highlands of which there is an authentic record. There was a turbulant fellow expelled from the clan Eraser for frequent acts of violence, and under the name of Sandy MacGruar he took refuge amongst the MacDonalds, of Keppoch, and Volunteered to be in the fight 5 but before the belligerents had entered the lists, Sandy, ad dressing Glengarry, said, "Twa are as good as twenty! I am willing to fight the best Glen garry man you can produce, and let the others look on." " Let it be so," said Glengarry, " if Keppoch is agreeable." And Keppoch having signified his assent, Sandy peeled off and entered the lists claymore in hand,' In a Bhort time a stalwart Glengprry man entered also, and, after some preliminaries had been arranged, they assailed each . other like bycran tigers, but the Glengarry man was more than a match for Sandy, who after a twenty minutes' furious struggle, gave in, but the Glengarry man was as badly wounded &b; him. Subsequent to that period we have the Bingle combat of Bruce and Bobun at Bannockburn, which only lasted one round ; and that of Donald Gunn, a Sutherland man, with a victorious antagonist who is supposed to have been one of the itinerant pugnacious kings of Scotland. It is probable that Scott got hold of that legend and converted Gunn into .Roderick Dhu; but if the original legend is true it is discreditable to the king, for it was in defence of a poor helpless counter girl that Gunn fought him. The divinity that hedges kings is sometimes a very prickly hedge, although kings and popes are said to be infal lible and cannot do wronfj. The Irish Home Rulers are beginning to think that both are as fallible as other people. A French traveller who witnessed the Perth duel calls the com batantB les savages, but they were no more eavageB than gladiatorial combatants in Some, or modern European nations who attack foreigners. Did not the French general, Mac Roberts, roast a multitude of.unoffending Algerians in a cavern $ Buonaparte murder % Iwsfc-ef his wouadsd prisoners to get rid of fcTTem; and Great "Britain "wage'a crtiel war on" .highly civilised Arabs, whose only crime was thteir love of country. New South Wales tried to take part in that oppression, and her share in it will not readily be forgotten; but fortu- j nately her mutton warriors returned with their swords unfleshed. .... Sir James' "MacCulloch, when Premier of Victoria, tried to dip his oar into the American Donnybrook, and permitted the Shsnnandoah, a half piratical cruiser, to refit at Williams town, and by so doing he nearly brought an American squadron here, In fact Mr. -Bull had to pay the Americans a million sterling- to Erevent Australian reprisals. The colonies aye no right to interfere with quarrels that do not concern them, and they ought to bear in mind that in the event of a European war, England will have quite enough to do to take care of hetself. The fleets of foreign powers have .been, vastly increased of .late, and it is, .hard td say what a combination ol two or three "of them could do. The wisest motto for Aus tralia is "let sleeping dogs lie," 