The Ciirae of Mother Flood. Mr- Bates, ofYalwal, has kindly for vrardod to us tlio following excellent. poem, from tho pen of tho lamented Australian 'TjyrKvIIonry lCondall, which ho informs us 'imiot included' in tho book of pooma by *? that 'gifted author : — f Wizened tlio wooil Is, nnd w.m la tho way Uinm^h it ; Wlnto as n coriwo the fitco of tho fim 5 , ? Only blue tultlerx nblde in and utray through it— Adders nnd venom and liorrm-a to men. Hero ti the ghost nf a ^.mlcn wJkho niinifitcr . . - . i'uatcw slrango Mouomt that Ktnrtlo and seiro. ? ?? Jlod as turn's olood is tho mid that, with sinister Fiatnu. is a mcnucc of hell in tho Air. . Wrinkled and hamjard the liilln aro— tho jaga of them Gape like to living and ominous things ; -Btormntid dry thunder cry out in tho crags of them— iirc, and the wiud with a woe in iU wiugs. Kever a moon without clainmy- cold shroud on it ? -Ilithcrwunl coitica, or a llowoiliko BUir ! Only tho hifw of tho tompe.Ht is loud on it — «? ilmi.iindthcmoaiiof a hitter sea -bar. Hero on this waste, and to left and to right of it, Never is lisp or tho ripple of rain: Ficrco is tlio daytime and wild is the night of it— Hamo without limit anil frrwt without wane t r Trees half alive, with tho sense of a curot! ou them, j ???Shudder and shrink from (Itu Mack heavy gait- ; Ghastly, with boughs like tho plume uf a h-wrse ou them, Harrcii of blossom and blasted with bale. Under tho cliff that stare.* down lo tho south of it— Hack by tlio horns of a hazunlnus hill, Dumb Li tho gorge with a grave in the month of it, ? Ptill. as a corpse in a cotlin is still. Never there hovers a hope o! tho spring by it— ? Never a glimmer of yellow and groen : ? Only tho bat with a whisper of wing by it ? lifts liko n lifo out of ilesh ami unset-n. Ilorc aro tho growtlts that aro livid and glutinous, . Speckled, und bloated with poisonous bl-iud : Tilts is tho haunt of the viper's breed mutmoiw, .(tCursed with tho curse of weird Githuriuu Flood. . lie that hath looked on it— hurried aghast from it, Hair of him frozen with horror straightway ; Chased by a sudden strange pustilcnt blast from it— V, hero is the speech of him— what cau he say J Ifath ho not s.-on the fierce elioat of a ling in it I Heard maledictious that startlo tho titan I Dumb is his mouth as a mouth with a gag in it— Slutc is his lifo as a lifo within bars. ?Just tho ono glimpse of that grey shrieking woman there Jlinged by a circlo of furnace and lieud ! Ha that went happy «fi-j healthy and human thoro— Where shall the white leper fly to bo clcaucd 1 Here, in a pit with in!le0nite doom on it. Here, in tho fuines of a feculent moat. Under ah alp witli inscrutable gloom on it Squats the wild witcth with u ghoul at her throat. Buck cxecratiod that cannot be spoken of— Speech of rod hell that would suffocate Song, . Starts from huf terror with never a token of Day and its loveliness all the year .long. Bin without natno to it—man never heard of it— ti-ihCrimo that would startle a liend from his liar,' Blasted this Glcu? and the leaf and tho bird uf it— . ? Where is there hopo fur it, Father, oh where t Ji.Furinthodaysbf our fathers, tho lifo in it - * Blossomed and beamed iu the bight of the son ; : . Yellow nnd green and the purple were rife in it, 'i*' Singer* of mornintr, and waters that run. . ^.Btann of the equinox xliod no distress on it, ' ; Thunder spike siftly, and bummer timo left - i Sunset s forsaken bright beaul iful dress on it, {. ^Blessing that shone half the night in tho cleft ./.Hymn of thehighlaiids~ho4anna'i from hill* by it, - I ' PM'In3 of Rrcat forests made holy the spot : \- Cool wcro tho mosses and clear were tho rills by it. — ?Fit? in the day* when the Horror was not. ^Twenty miles south is tho strong shilling Hawkosbury,— Spacious and splendid, and lunlly with blooms. ' : There, between mountains magniticent, walks bury . ? Miles of their beauty in green myrtle trluoms. Thcre.ia tho dell, is tho fountain with failn by it— Fills, and a torrent of Rurameriug stream ; ?? Thtro is the cave with the hyaline halls by it— ? ^ Haunt of the echo and homo of the dream. Over the hill, by tl« marvellous bas? of it, ??'''WunderH tho wind with a song in its breath ? ? \- 'Out to tho sea with tho gold on tho face of it— ? ; ? i Twenty miles south of tho Valley of Death. ? . Oilay, 1679. 1 ' 