I HOME AND FOREIGN. *t ? 'l IEELAND. J THE COLLEEN BAWN. I 'ME EdMANtiE AND EBALITT. 1 The following interesting sketch appears ill \- the London Daily News from one of its | 'specials' in Ireland : — ; ' 'Twas my grandfather, Patrick O'Oonnell, that found the Colleen Bawn ; down there, near ' that house, Mr. Chamberlain's own house, where he's sheltering my family and myself.' The speaker was Michael O'Connell, one of the evicted tenants on the Vandeleur estate, and the spot where hs v»as tolling us about Grandfather Pat, and Pat's wonderful ' laming ' (for he was Professor of Languages and Metaphysics, of J which more snon), and the conflicting stories of ! the Colleen B awn's fate, was ] A GRASSY KNOLL OVERLOOKING THP SHANNON, and adjoining a small plot of ground upon which i preparations were going on that very moment i for the building of the first '* plan ' cottage. Not i until the priests arrived with a cupful of holy 1 water, wherewith to sprinkle the foundation ? stone of the evicted tenant's future cottage, did ?i Michael anspend his narrative. An oldish man : himself, Mike is a kind of link between the dreary, cruel past, of which Colleen Bawn ca reers (more or less tragical) were not uncommon incidents, and the promising present, wherein battering rams excite (sometimes) as much hilarity as grief. ' They sailed across from Tarbert,' said Mike, pointing in the direction of the Kerry village, with its dark, billowy wood land and its white lighthouse. In tho perfect clearness of the still, warm air of the summer's days, Tarbert lighthouse seemed to be within three miles of us; bu^ in reality the distance ; was twice bs great. We were fortunate in our weather, for we had a magnificent view of the ': country from Loop Head westwards (twentysi miles away), WHERE CLARE ENDS IN THE ATLANTIC, TO THE } HILLS OF LIMERICK AND TIPPERARY ) in the east, and southwards to the jagged sum i mits of the famous Keeks of K-rry. ' Who \ were in the boat, do you think, when they ; soiled from Tarbert P ' 'I believe there was ; Scanlon himself— they call him Cregan in the play— and the Colleen (her name was Ellen Hanlon, not O'Connor) and Sullivan, whose name in the play is Danny Mann.' In the '? postscript to Gerald Grffin's novel it is stated that only DANNY MANN AND EILY O'CONNOR 'WERE IN THE BOAT TOGETHER ; but it seems to be the general impression among the peasants on the'Shannon side that the arch ; criminal accompanied his instrument. Still, ' the account, as givon in the postscript, which account was condensed from the New Monthly ; Magazine, is the more probable, rational, and natural of tho two. S&ya; Mike again, ' You saw Mr. Lynch, who stood bail for the evicted lads yesterday ; his shop wes in Pat's time a hotel, : snd it was in that hotel that Scanlon and Eily ! lived for two days — just a fortnight before they ; murdered her in tho boat and threw her body i into the river. And it was one of the hotel : servants, a girl named Ellen Walsh, that en ! ablod the jury to identify the body.' Accord i ing to one account that still 8«j?vives in Kilrush ! THE SERVANT GIRL IDENTIFIED THE COLLEEN I by her red bodice, the only garment on the ve I mains when they were washed ashore. This I differs from tho generally accepted story — that i the servant girl identified the Colleen's dresses, I which were found in the possession of Danny j Mann's (Sullivan's) relatives ; and als:- that she ) had noticed a slight protusion of two of the Col leen s upper teeth — and that on examining the moutb, the jury found that the formation of the jew exactly corresponded to the witness's description. ' Pat did not know whose the body was ?' 'No,' replied Mike. 'There is a story that the body wag found by two fisher men.' 'There might hare been another man with Pat O'Connell, but Pat waa there all the same.' According to the opinion of sn intelli gent man, whom I met on board the Shannon steamer THE COLLEEN WAS BORN IN BALLYCAHANA, COUNTY LIMERICK ; the same old man told me that he knew Scan Ion's brother familiarly. Though in tho popu lar accounts of tho story there are differences in details of the foregoing description, tho personal impression left by the ' Colleen B&wn;' is singularly definite and lasting. To hear the popular descriptions of her, faiv, short li air, sweet smile, beautiful, though, almost childish ligufo (her age being leas than 10), frank man ners, and all tho rest, ona would imagine that poor Eily O'Connor walked the earth but yes terday ; and yet three generations of Eilrush ians have followed the Colleen to tho other world since tho date of her two days' visit. But let us pay OUR PILGRIMAGE TO THE COLLEEN'S GRAVE. The grave ie in the old churchyard of Barrane (pronounced Borown), four miles above Ejlruah, on a height overlooking the Shannon. ' You will find it beside old Pot O'Connell'o grave (hat found her,' stud Mike, as wo drove off. The old churchyard of Burrane is just like every other place of the kind in Ireland — a confused heap of tomba, crosses, dockleaves, nettles and other refuse, tho tombstones being, as a rule, placed close to each other— almost, if not quite, edge to edge. In the middle of the ground stands the old church, roofless, but with both gables in a more or less dilapidated state of per soryation, and also with rents nnd gaps in its gray walls, as if the ghosts of d«ad sheriffs were pounding at it in dead o' night with ghostly battering ramei. ' WHERE IS TUE COLLEEN BAWN'S GRAVE P' we call out to a countryman who is driving past, at a sleepy pace, seated on the shafts of his cart ; ' wo can't find it ; do you know P' ' Shure an' I do. The Colleen is buried beside ould Pat Uonnell ; I'll show yo.' And he clam bered off the shafts, and came trudging up iiBMiifiiiiM among the nettles. ' There she lies' — pointing with his whip-handle—' and that's all that's left of tho cross that Mr. Reaves erected over her grave.' I had beard of this gross and selfish piece of vandalism before, which no amount of human follow foeling for the ill-fated ' Colleen' can atone for. Of the large Irish cross of hard blue stone only a fragment of the base remains — and what there is of tho base is chipped down to the ground level, I trust no Vandal may be tempted, in his desperation, to dig the foot or so of it which ia still underneath. CHIPS OF THE COLLEEN'S MONUMENT HAVE BEEN CARRIED AWAY BY VISITORS FROM AUSTRALIA, FROM CANADA, FROM INDIA, AND FROM ALL PARTS OF AMERICA. I am told that some of the most pious depre dators have been sailors, who consider that the relics ' bringgood luck at sea.' Every summer season brings numbers of visitors to the lonely httle mouldering churchyard of. Burrane. In the dramatic art the ' Colleen Bawn' is as popu lar aa 'David Copperfield' in literature. The acted play, as well as the tale of ' The Colle gians,' hag gone round the world. The off spring, not of a poet's brain, but of the simple, pathetio facts in the life of a child of the people — a child in both senses— who asked to cross the Shannon in the ' coracle' or ' hooker' of the country three generations since, the play of the ' Colleen Bawn' has touched thousands of hearts that know nothing of the Ophelias and the Desdemonag of tragedy. WHILE WE WERE STILL LINGERING ABOUT THE SPOT, an aged woman who was passing by volunteered the information that she had a vagua recollec tion of the Colleen's funeral, She looked old anough to be a forgotten survival from the last century. Clare is a country of aged, healthy people, and there are very many living who witnessed the execution of Seanlon on Gdlows Hill, Limerick. ' Was she always called the Colleen Bawn ? ' ' No,' replied the old woman, ' she was always Eily Hanlon. Not until a great many years after her death was she called by the othsr name ' COLLEEN BAWN IS IRISH FOR FAIR MAIDEN. Whenever one speaks on this subject to the people of these parts, one may always count upon special stress laid — first, upon the Colleen's beauty, gentleness, and simplicity ; and, secondly, upon the behaviour of the horses that were harnessed to Scanlon's carriage on the way to the gallows. Says the carter at the Colleen's srave : ' The horses lay down and would not move. No flogging would stir them ; nor thev wouldn't get up until the murtherer stepped out, sure ; it was in regard of their takin' it as a shame to themselves that they should be em ployed in draggin' the divil.' Yes, yes. And now let us devote a moment to OLD PAT O'CONNELL, WHOSE DUST MINGLES WITH THE COLLEEN'S. A grand tombstone is his — decorated with tho archangel, winged and betrumpetod, and with the emblematic keys, scales, and the sun and moon. ' Professor of Languages and Teacher of Philosophy,' says tha atone, magailcquently, ' Died 24th February, 1826.' According to a local tradition, Pat O'Connell caused the Col leen to be buried in the spot he had chosen for his ov7a resting place. Kindly old podsgogue — bedge professor, the fame of whose wisdom snd learning still lives among tho spademen and fisherfolk of the lower Shannon, and who, if chou wert at all like the ornaments of thy in toreiting but extinct raco, must have known thine ' Iliad,' and thine Horace, like a scholar and a gentleman — one wonders where thy shade dwelleth — and the Colleen's. To both of yon let us say Farewell. 