MR F. H. TUTHILL, M. L.A., BEFORE HIS CONSTITUENTS. Mr F. H. Tdtiiill, one of the members for the Ovens District, proposed to ad dress the electors at Stanley on Saturday evening ; bat, owing to an unfortunate circumstance (referred to elsewhere in this issue) he has been compelled to postpone his meeting. No political ut'erance do- i. w-r tit,. 'i v'rti rTT-r t /iiivi ha niftl'.ll'plv Volcu uy XLLL AU1U1LLI Wall UfJ without inlerost, as he is, both naturally and by practice, a fluent speaker, and at the same tim9 manages to lsave upon his audiences a pleasant state of doubt, in spite of the frankness of his manna-, as to what ha would actually do under any given circumstances. This is all the more inexplicable, as a more uncom promising debatar never stood on the floor of the Ho'u3e. There is this to be said, also, in his favor — and where wo have any fault to find with a public mm we feel all the more inclined to give him all the credit he deserves — he was much more candid, on some points, in bis last address at Beechworth, than he ever was on the hustings before. We use the word " hustings " advisediy, for reasons to which wa shall presently refer. In that speech he, for the first time, if wo mistake not, took up the subject on" which we have been insisting for the last len years — namely, that while no one outside Melbourne is benefited by Protection, as represented by the presen! tariff, and while the country districts are denlfatsd to fattou tie metropolis, the enormous wealth of that city, whether in incomes, or bouses or real estate, con tribute nothing whatever to the revenue -' On ro-perusiag Mr Ttjtiiill's speech on that occasion, we find that I19 fully ad mitted this, and said he would do what we have been constantly urgingon country members and the so- called country party to do, viz., to move a resolution for '.he imposition of a property tax all round, below a cortRiu value. This would have afforded a vcung and aspiring member 1: splendid opportunity of redressing a monstrous grievance — a glariog and wholesale injustice — and at the' s-inie time of distinguishing himself. But it is now loo late, as the moving of snch n resolution in the last session of a Parlia ment on !he eve of a dissolution, and mitU on m nntr nfUay rninrra f.i Hiel-rnn) 17 pill ou v uvuvi uuiwu-v « -/ uioi av. the attention of the House and I he con stituencies, would fall dead and be for gotten. And here we may be permitted to point out, with all due respect to Mr Tuthill, that, with the exception of the nm-idments on the Electoral Act and the tariff, and of a few other matters which will be brought under the notice of Parliament during the coming session, all the hon. member's present utterances are entirely pointless and sap.-riLions, unless we regard them as, what we have above called them, " bastings" speeches, addressed, not to his. present con stituents, but to the voier-i at the r>8xt general election. H>ba3 already mon than once given his version for being oti/iV. o -a j ex- jRfli>nnnfl(vnt member, thn from the first he isolated hirasBlf from both parties. Whether the constituency is satisfied wi!h that explanation, so fw as Mr Tuxhill's action is concerned, re mains to be proved. .Tha majority of them are certaiuly not grutified with tho result, as they have been so long acens- tamed lo a commanding influence with the Government and in Parliament. As we have already announced, Mr Tuthill was obliging enough to inform m- that, in his address at Sbinlsy, ha in- tends to deal witu tna snDjectn wntea were -advocated in an ar iclo in tins journal, on tha 2nd tnsf. Wo trust that, in doing so, he will not trouble his audience with any refutation of our opinions, except in so far as is iiece--=-iry lo his argument-. Not that we docliuc St controversy on any subject- with Mi Tdthill, or anyone elie, at any ap propriate time. But as we are not -011 our trial — any moro than than w? mo always amenable to public criticism while Mr Tuthill is, we think that on ... . . . . ; - :i 1 mis occasion the eicct-ors »ui «« mum concerned in hearing his own views plainly expressed, than any remarks on ours. There are, however, some points, lo be discussed next session, to which he may fairly address himself, aud on which we shall all be pleased to learn his ideas. For iustinc?. with regard to the proposed Electoral Amen'dmert Bill, t'ua " Argus" advocated lhat it should embody the addui >n Of ten member3 to the Assombly, as farther representatives of aieirooolitau &nd; suburban constiln-ncitH, on the basis of poputat.ou. We can scarce! v ' doubt what Mr -Tuthill thiuJft about this mousirons proposition ; but . he might inform us whether he wou d md, 'oppose any and every attempt to add u Bingie iota to the present poht-cal pr - nonderance of the m.Lor.obs. In th- matter of the Unfif, alv«, it «- important for us to know whethor he would. euppurt auv of the uumerons .ini-.ndB lov.new.or, further duties on manu facitues. He mig > . likewise enlighten nn i . the mailer of re- lieviug thn Vmets, -s io vshau bo tne»rn. by advoc ting a ho on their prodnc- llODB. At the ticfie he used that word it h d but one meaning, end that was a pay ment -in money by tha State of at least one shilling on every buahel ot grain x- united from Ytcloria.' As that would have involved a tax upon the . J50"' suming community of about £368,000 on this year's surplus alone, certain he increased to a million Rtsrlmg in i few veira, with such a premium on tha Lh, i» few »f f demands. There is also the increase 1 in the stock-tax, and in fact Lhfl Stock-tax itself to be dealt with; as It is m direct opposition to the principle at intercolo nial Free Trade, of whtcu Mr Iothill professes himself to be enamored There are olhersni jectsto ba probaoly discusseo next session, such as a large increase to the municipal subsidy, in or co develops the real resources of the COUlltr) which will no doubt suggest themselves to the hoo. member without an_, suggestion from ns. Indeed, we should not havs devoted so much consideration to Mr TuxniLii's opinions if he nad not sreatly imoressed us with a strong sesBe of his ability aud courage. The Public Service Board. —An ex amination for the clerical division of the public service will be held at Beechworth on Saturday. 16th inst., and iu other leading centres in the colony. A list of the candidates entitled to be present is published in the last issue of the " Go-' vernmont Gazette." The Railway Co.ujhssioners in THE tl fill... DnTlm.ir jn orth - xiast. . — ai1h ja.an it sioncrs are expected to make their tour of inspection of the North-Eastern lines of the colony during next week. It is thought (remarks the " Standard") lhat they will arrive in Benalla during the early portion of the week, when tliey will examine the new improvements which have recently been effected, and the loco, sheds will also be brought under their notice. The Kauri Timber Industry. — An Auckland telegram states that the nego tiations which have been in progress for the acquisition of all the principal kauri mills and bushes fey a Melbourne syndicate have at l.i3t been concluded. It is intended to fioatu company with a capital of £1,000,000. Or this sni-n between £500,000 aud£700,000 will ba applied to buying out the present proprietors. The properties acquired will give the new company complete dominion over the kauri timber industry in New Zealand. The Condemned Man O'Shea. — Michael O'Shea, convicted at the late sittings of the Beechworth Court of Assize of the murder of his son Patrick at Yabba, in the Shepparton district, and now lying under sentence of death, has been visited by Dr Dick, inspector of lunatic asylums, and another specialist on insanity, with a view to ascortain whether he is of unsound ..»»m f.-» ronnrf nnnn Ilia condition to the Goivriior-iii-Goiiticil, prior to the case receiving the attention of the Executive. It is not yet made public what the nature of the report will be, and we await with interest a knowledge of the opinion of the medical experts as to the mental condition of the condemned man — whose actions, both at the time of the committal of the fearful crime (or rather, crimes, for it- will be remembered that not only did lie murder his son, but his wife also died from injuries inflicted by him, though for the latter offence ho was, 011 his conviction on the one charge, not placed upon his trial) and since he has been lying under sentence of death, were certainly not those of a rational human being. If it, be proved conclusively that his mind is deranged, the last dread penalty of the law will not he exacted, as it is contrary to the spirit of humanity, British justice and the liberty of the subject to execute a man proved to ny irresponsible tor nss acts, uowcver diabolical those acts may have been, or who since his trial and conviction has become insane. But if tho report be unfavorable to him, he will doubtless be called npon to expiate the crime of which a jury of his fellow-countrymen have found him guilty, and following upon which verdict sentence of death was pronounced. New Insolvent. — George Hanley, of Betiiawga, laborer. Cause of insolvency, want of employment. Liabilities, £83 18s 61 ; assets. £28 ISs 6d : deficiency, £55. Mr John Fletcher, official assignee. English Footballers in New South Wales. — The En- lish footballers played a drawn game at Parramatla, on Tuesday, with Past and Present of King's School, Parrumatta. each side scoring 10 points. 'III. . . . t — ...nn Alio ItlH .ni\f flln .ll- L : it: uc.11.11c1 v.ao «uv tendance was poor. Sudden Death of a Station- master.— The stationmaster, Mr Wright, died sud denly in his office at the railway-station, Beaufort, at half-past 4 o'clock on Tues day afternoon. Deceased was seized with a fit half-an-hour before, but never rallied. Dr Nolan was in attendance, but it was too late to render effectual assistance. He was previously stationed at Dunolly, and five months ago was removed to Beaufort. Melbourne Market Report — Messrs UricrMtc and Co. . Limited, rennet : — Atour usual weekly grain sale held 011 Tnesday we submitted catalogue of 4915 bags, c in sisting of wheat and barley. All the prime lots of wheat were passed in, but we suc- ceedtd in placing-the principal portion of the catalogue at following rates : — Good milliner. 3s 3d to 3s 3H ; medium do., 33 2-1 to 3i 3d ; inferior and faulty, 2s 11J to 3 j Id. No oats offered. Birlevin good demand, and wo sold all offered at from 4s 10d to 5i 5 1. \- The Pharmacy IJoakd. — Mr Edward Reeve, son of Mr Thomas Reeve, chemist .£. T) .. bl. on Virta in nnQHirify UL ituvucigiwii, — r . c the Pharmacy Board examination. ' ' The Juvenile Exhibition Trip.— Pa rents and others interested in the matter are reminded of the meeting to be held, in the Town H-dl, Beechworth, at 8 o'clock this (Thursday) evening, to take the iiecess-rv initiatory st-ps towards arrang ing for the comfort and convenience of those participating in . the cheap rail way fxc'nraioiito t.lm Melbourne Juvenile Exhi- biuoii on the 3rd proximo. Among the business to he transacted will be the , ap pointment of a committee to atteud to matters of detail, and we hope; that, the meeting will bo;a.we!l-sUe'idod and repre- sentative <me... ' ; Splitters' Licenses. rrGreat dissatis faction is expressed- in tlio -Retialla district in reference to the vac:llaii-,g conduct -of. j the L inda D -parHnont ,wish regard . ».o| Rclit'-tr' liciMi-.es. The. Sicreiary fi-rj L»n<W states that- splitters' licenses are not j available lor fe ling on 32ml seenon leases, -j aifd on ibe 23rd May cancelled a. number ! of -licenses for breach of a his condition. | The Secretary for Agriculture thinks otherwise, and. has exercised some control, - which- has resulted' m the splitters set ting at' naught- the actiou mf the Sscratary.: for La»d3. " 1 - . „ Peculiar Charges Against -Lunatic Asylum Officials. — Mrs Green, an inmate of the Auckland Lunatic .Asylum, has made socio serious charges againat the management and officials. Shs alh'g-.fe that the female assistants dressed lh,.m- selves up as ghosts to frighten her, locked her up iu a padded room, informing her that they were going for an undertaker It. order her coffin, and subsequently 0110 of the attendants, in the dres3 of a sister of charity, urged her to mako a confession before the coffin came. She also stacea that she was dragged by the lir.ir of the head to tho bathroom, and, on refusing to enter, was slapped 011 the face, ihe coin- plaint has been forwarded to the Govern ment. Unlucky Speculations. — For ordinary persons who have blundered into bad investments there must be a melancholy kind ot pleasure in knowing that Mr Gladstone is a l uga holder of stock in llu Metropolitan District Railway Company. Not oulv L be himself a considerable share holder, "but the various members, of his familv have large holdings. It would be difficult to imagine any" modei ati-ly. re spectable security that has p'oved more umemunerativc than this. In 1SS0, u-- highwater mark ot prosperity in recem years, it paid in tha first half-year lj per cent., with vper cent, in the second half. The next year it paid l;j- per ceil', the first lialf-vcar, and nothing .during the second. In 1SS2 it paid per cent. oil.. lie first half-year, anil since the" the share holders of ordinary stock have not received a penny, whilst the capital value ot their shares lias woefully deerfiaed. The Floating of Companies.— Evi dently Melbourne is not the only city in which there is at present a rage for com pany floating. '-'Public Opinion " says :— "The rush for registration of new com panies still continues with unabated vigor, schemes for new stock concerns pouring in from all parts of the United Kingdom. From 4th April to ltth April inclusive, 124 now companies were regis tered, representing an aggregate capital of £25,812,294, as against 35 during the same period in .1887, with an aggregate capital £5,91S,S00. Public company promoters must, indeed, be in dread of Mr Goschen's proposals, and tho promised new Act, for regulating joint stock companies, to keep Hp this rush. The Cattle Traffic. — As evidencing tho great increase which has taken place ' in the catlle traffic 011 the . North-Eastern line, over 20 special trains passed through UULIIJI5 Ji»aw "Liu, » iuw A.IW been given of no less than six for to-day, says Tuesday's " Standard." Robbery by a Boy. — At the Fitzroy court on Monday, a boy aged 12i years, named Chester Howard, pleaded guilty to stealing £9 in gold, £6 in notes and cheques for £5 9s. Prisoner entered the house of Mr Alfred Galon, butcher, and took the money off the parlor table during the temporary absence of the proprietor. The boy's father, a commercial traveller, said he had no control over him, and the Bench sent him to the reformatory, his father contributing 7s 6d pt>r week for his support, Tekbible Fatal Accident. — At Coona- < -XX ri \"\7 C J... n no mnH barabrrtii . l. >v uh ouuuaj c y uu John James, handed a gun to a little girl, named Montgomery, to snap a cap, for getting that the gun was loaded. The girl did as directed, when the charge ex- ei.iJod, and pierced James's head from ear to ear, killing him instantly. Pluck Recognised. — The police force in Sydney on Monday night presented Mr John Baird with a gold watch and chain and 28 sovereigu3, in recognition of the public service he render -d iu coming to the rescue of Constable Ridley, who was nearly killed by a gang of roughs at R=d- fern about two months ago. A Bank Robbery Prevented-.— It was rumored at Port Fairy on Tuesday liight that the Bank of Australasia had been stuck up by two suspicious-looking stran gers. Ou inquiry, it was found that, owing to thn coolness of Mr Ullbrick, the accoun- tant, nothing serious occurred. It appears that at 6 o'clock that night the accountant wns engaged in counting notes, when sud denly two men entered the bank through the frontdoor, which had been left slightly open by the clerk, who had gone to the post-office. Mr Ullbrick was amazed at seeing two strangers before him. As quickly as possible lie pushed all the notes into a drawer near him, and seized his revolver. The strangers made a rambling statement about having some money in the Bauk of Australasia in Melbourne, and they wautod a cheque cashed. The accountant declined to comply with their request, wheu they became inquisitive, and showed no inclination to retire. However, the junior clerk, Mr Ritchie, soon returned when the unwelcome visitors were ordered out. Tha matter was reported to tho m L rt a! An iA,1 f Vl il of 19 IIIVOFQ All ll A 1 .. UV o -the- town. They, have gone up-country. Grant Approved. — Emily M. Vincent, 20a Or 31p, Laceby. Leases Approved.— F. D. Swinburne, 590a, Wabonga ; Thomas Dodd, 317a, Dederang ; Jas. Gillogley, 121a, Myrrhee ; Jas. T. Armstrong. 110a, Baranduda ; David Rea, 111a, Mnrmungee ; Joseph Deane, G2a, Bontherambo. Licenses Approved. -Matthew George, 7a, Bright; Jas. Dalton, 20i, Chdtern ; TI103. Shelley. 20 1, Chiltern ; Martin Shelley, 20a, Chiltern; Fredk. Schlue, 20i, Ltli'piu; Edwd. Waldvou, 20a, Carlyle; Patrick King, 20 i.Lillipnt ; Chas. Harris, 20a, Carlyle; Win. McV. Graham, 20 j, Lilliput ; Chas. Neileon, 20i, Lilliput ; Danl. King, 20a, Lilliput ; Christopher Walden, 3-J. Freeburgh ; Robert McPhee, la, Bright ; John Lloyd, 950a Tallandoon; Far. n v Sarah Ll >vd. 900a, Noorongoug ; D. John Whittaker, 37a,.EvertoH... Entertainment-at St. .Jaies.— A very successful enterlsinment,; on behalf, of the funds of the Ovens Benevolent Asylum, was given in Mullins's .Hall; St. James,. 011 Friday evening, .by the Newodin Club, assisted by Messrs Lease, Bourband, Ryan and Comfort,- of Benalla, aud Mr N. Jamieson, of Telford. The first part con sisted' of negro-minstrelsy, Messrs Boar- band and Ryiiii filling the posts of " corner men," and' Mr : Oonsidine acting as inter locutor, the circle comprising Messrs Jamieson, McLean, Kennedy, McGregor, M'lutyre, Strickland and Tonnant. Tho acting, singing.- aud. funny "business" were "each capital, aud a clog-dance by Master P. Mullins was very good. In the second part several ballads were excellently sung, land Mr A. M'Guigan was called up»n for an encore for his song and dance, -",'Phn Harinv Nirr " A farce followed, and -was well seistainud by Messrs Warton and Fairbairn, whose comicalities caused great merriment. Mr Lease acted as pianist, aud was well supported by Messrs Car- nt'hers (violin), O'Halloran (flute), and M'M ilfun (clarions'). The proceeds of the Darformaiiee are expected- to amount to a- tail1, sum, for which 'he .thanks of tho i.nnniittee of the institution benefited -are due to those -who took part, aud also to the people of St. James,, whose example might well be followed by other towns in the extensive district served by tha Benevolent Asylum, and we trust to hear of similar movements being spesdily organised, -1 J Subscriptions- to the Charity.— The May sul: scription-list in connection .with the Ovens Benevolent Asylum; amounting lo £93 IO3, appears elsewhere in this isailC.- '.. -'-"- '.-'i .;. . Melbourne Comuibegcal News.— The reported death of the Emperor- of Get';1 many has caused some little sensation in commercial ' circles, but the general opinion appears to bj that, so far as the nrcsent year is concerned, tho peace of Eumpe will not be disturbed. This, once as.ured. ..will doubtlu33 influence the influx of capital into Australia, and we may look for a continuous development of the re sources of the country under the fostering influence of cheap money. The prospect, even if a little hazy for the; moment, is really -sound and satisfactory, whilst the larga surplus our revenue receipts: affords the best evidence of our prosperity during the past twelve months. — " Herald, The Opening op the Exhibition.— The Melbourne Centennial Exhibition Com missioners on Tuesday decided to adhere to their determination .'that .the opening ceremony should take place on the 1st August. The number of passengers by the special train from Stawell in- connec tion with the Industrial Juvenile Exhibi tion yesterday was ISO. Dance at Bobinawarrah.— A most en joyable dance took place on Friday evening in the Bobinawarrah State-school, where over 30 couples assembled, a number of whom represented Milawa and Oxley. 'L'he prevailing weather was all that could be deBired, and a similiar remark may be made in respect to the state of . the roads. Messrs A. and D. Fergusou supplied ex cellent music on their violins, whilst the social throughout was conducted by Mr G. Ferguson in his usual . pleasing and satisfactory manner. Dancing commenced at S p.m. and was kept up continuously until 12 o'clock, when 1 i all h refreshments were liberally provided by the head- teacher, Mr A. Winning, assisted by 'several young ladies aud gentlemen whe wore present 011 th6 occasion. After ap preciating the interval, the company re sumed dancing with much spirit for a couple of hours, when the guests departed thoroughly pleased with the evening's en tertainment. A very substantial sum was realised and placed Lo the credit of the chiidrew's prize fund. — " Dispatch." Vandalism. — In every community there are parsons with a large percentage of " cussedness" in their compositions, and who do not feel well unless periodical op portunities are provided to give free play to destructive proclivities. The Alburv Coursing Club, writes the "Border Post," is the most recent sufferer by the vandals, for some individual or individuals the other, day broke down the fencing sur- rouading the Plumpton at the Race Course, and allowed about a dozen hares to escape. The act wns a deliberate one, as traces were found showing that the vandals had entered the enclosure, and after breaking away the fence, luid driven the hares through the aperture. The loss is a rather severe ono for the club, tho members of.. which have spared neither pains or expense to get together a good supply of hares for the next coursing meeting. We understand that a liberal Kflior will ho jtifKarod fnr informafr.inn fhaf will lead to the detection of the culprits. It may be pointed out that they can bo in dicted for wilful destruction of property, and the penalty on conviction would be a very severe one. We consider that thore should be little difficulty in detecting the offenders, and certainly it will not augur well for the future success of tho club unless every possible means is exhausted to bring the scoundrels to justice. Football. — The football match which was arranged to take place between the Hurdle Flat ana Stanley Clubs last Siturdsy did not come off, but will b6 played on Saturday next on the Hurdle Flat ground. Warm Reception. — A serious shooting affray occurred at Spring3ton,. near Christ- church,, on tlie 28th ult. Mr Sinclair, the clerk to the road -board, with a detective, inoitofl fTtA VimisA ftf a narnnrl Henley, to make inquiries concerning a suspicious fire- On putting some ques tions- to Henley, he got into- a towering passion, seized a double-barrelled g.un" and fired two shots as they were leaving the house. One of these took effect in Mr Sinclair's legs. Henley, with his wife and son, then attacked the detective and Mr Sinclair, who managed to get away. Police assistance having been obtained, Henley and liis wife were arrested, after some slight resistance. Mr Sinclair, who was rather seriously injured, is making good progress. Case of Stabbing at a State School. The police are taking' action in a case of stabbing which took place at the State school, Warruambool on Tuesday. -A boy named William Brebier drew a penknife n lUiln 1 1 faron ftnn wifr.n rt lttqqmufa q « «» named Arthur Davies. and-, reaching over another boy, stabbed Davies m the left breast. The knife peuetrated the boy's clothing, and inflicted a wound in the region of the lung, but not of a serious character. Brebier had threatened Davies before with a knife. Grazing Areas Available.— 252a, Tin- taldra ; 990a, Wabba ; 690a, Myrrhee. Marvellous Escape from Death.— On Monday night the driver of the 11.46 down train from Middle Brighton observed a man on the line about 200 yards from the station. The whistle was sounded and the steam shut off, but the engine struck the man when crossing the Well-street bridge and threw him off the line. He was "picked up and conveyed by the -next up train to Melbourne, -.and thence to the hospital,' where his injuries, which are not of a serious nature, -.were attended to. The man gave his name as Walsh. Melbourne.' Sheep Markets. — : Fat Sheep.— 26,000 yarded, the bulk of which were' of middling to. goad qualities, with a small proportion of prime; The demand was brisk throughout, and prices ruled firm at last week's rates. Jfrimo cross bred wethers realised from 14s to 17s Gd ; extra prime and heuvv, 18s to 203 ; good, 12s to 13s ; others, ; 10s ; prime crossbred ewes, 12s 6d to 153 ; a few extra prime and heavy to 16s ; prime merino- wethers from 12s 6i to L4s- 63 ; extra (according to weight) to 16s ; good, 10s Gd. to lis 6d ; middling and inferior, 6s to 8s 63. Messrs Richard Gibson and Co. sold 503 merino wethers for Mr J. Grieve, Butigowanoah Park. Messrs Dougharty, Son and Parker sold 317 for Mr H. Richardson, jun., 013 Baruawartha.. . 10s. Fat Lambs.— r-1600 wore penned. The demand was brisk at fully last week's quotations.- Prime sold at from lis to 13a trgood, - 83 405 10s-; others, 6s 6d to 7s 63.,;.. i. : A New Goldfield.-?-A new goldfield i3 reported to" have been discovered between Picton and 'Blenheim, New Zealand, and a number of men are on tho ground.— The gold is said to-be nuggety, of good quality, and the auriferous indications have - been traced for se von miles. . . ; . Wodonga Land. — Dougharty, Son and Parker of Melbourne and Wodonga report liaving. sold privately Mr Henry Huou's land, situated at Wodonga, and comprising about 200 acres, the purchaser being -Mr M. Mulquecny. . A -Yictory for . Hanlan;— The sculling match .between Hanlan and Trickett, for £500 a-side, rowed: on .the Fitzroy River, at Rockbampton, on Wednesday, »was . won easily by Htuilan, by six lengths, rowing down his opponent in the first mile; the course being 3A miles long. The betting was 2 to 1 on ihe Canadian. ' Mr Tuthill at Stanley— A Postponed Meeting. — As notified in these columns, it was the intention of Mr Tuthill, M.L. A., to have addressed a public meeting of his constituents at Stanley 011 Saturday even ing ; but last Wednesday night we received- a letter from him, dated from Melbourne intimating that lie had just been notified that, in consequence of the Temperance Hall,. In which he was to have spoken, being otherwise engnced for that date, ho would have to postpone his meoeting. This is singularly unfortunate, as, ow ing to Parliament re-assembling next Tuesday, Mr Tuthill will not have an op portunity of carrying out his intention of publicly speaking at Stanley for some little time, and cannot fix a date for (to use his own words) a week or two. 