DR. PORTER ON THE SEVENTH DAY QUESTION. LAST Sunday night was by no means attractive, as regards the weather; and one would not have been surprised to have seen a thin congregation assembled in the Colling wood Town Hall, but instead of this there was a very large audience, nearly all the seats in this immense hall, which holds about 1800, were occupied. After the opening exercise, and before proceeding with his address, Dr. Porter in- vited Mr. Curtis, (who is the representative of the Seventh Day Adventists in the colony) to take a seat on the platform. He then read a notice to the effect, that his sermon was to be reviewed in the Hall on Tuesday night, by Mr. Curtis The doctor then referred to a review of the address he had given on the previous Sunday. He said that on Tuesday the 1st May he had the privilege of listening to what Mr. Curtis had to say on the subject, and if ,Mr. Curtis made two points he failed to see them. He made one when he said that Alex. Campbell, and he (the doctor), differed. Mr. Curtis said that he made a statement to the effect that only Jews kept the Sabbath, this was incorrectly represent ing his remarks altogether. He said that there is no record of anyone beside the Jews being required to keep it, and defied anyone to prove otherwise. Mr. Curtis took exception to part of his opening prayer, and wanted to know whether he was aware that the text ran-" Open thou mine eyes that I may behold wondrous things out of thy law, not word." The doctor said that he was perfectly conscious that he had not used the word law, but as he was not under the law, but under grace, he therefore wanted his eyes opened to the wonders of grace. Mr. Curtis objected to Col. 2. 16., being used as having reference to the Seventh Day, and said that as he (the doctor) was a Greek scholar, he ought to know that it there had reference to the Jewish feasts. He (the doctor) thought as Mr. Curtis was a Greek scholar he ought to know that the 16th verse of the 2 Col. should read-" Let no man judge you in meat; or in drink, or in respect of an holyday, or of the new moon, or of the Sabbath," and not the Sabbath days as it is in the authorised version. He would also point out that the same Greek word sabbaton found in Matt. 28. 1.. was used in Col. 2. 16., and it was impossible to come to any other conclusion than that it referred to the Seventh Day. Mr. Curtis wanted to know, (as the doctor stated that the Sabbath was a type of the rest that remained to the people of God), what a type was? He said a type was a shadow, and that if the shadow was followed up it would lead to the substance, and that therefore the type should continue till the substance came. He (the doctor), thought this a rather absurd stand for Mr. Curtis to take! Readers of the Bible took Isaac as a type of Christ. Why then did he not continue on the altar till Christ came, or another illustration might be taken, Jonah in the whale's belly was used as a type of Christ. If the type must continue till the substance comes, why did not Jonah continue in the whale's belly till Christ came. (Laughter). Mr. Curtis challenged the statement of Dr. Porter that circumcision was an everlasting covenant.. The doctor said that any com mand that was made under the old covenant continued, as long as the covenant lasted, when the end of the covenant came then also came the end of the command. When a new will was made there was an end to the old will. If anyone was simple enough to believe otherwise they would be deceived. As regards circumcision there was as much authority for its continuance as there was of the Seventh day, as will be seen in the xvii. Gen. 13 verse; where it is spoken of as an everlasting covenant, and therefore the Adventists should be consistent and make both commands everlasting. If they were to keep the law let them keep it thoroughly, not light their fires on the Sabbath, nor ride in trams, &c.;, as Mr. Curtis was in the habit of doing, there was no good in keeping the day just to suit people and times. The Adventists have a way of getting out of the difficulty by dividing the law and defining it as moral and ceremonial. On the previous Sunday night he (the doctor) had given a definition of law. In his review Mr. Curtis had quoted Webster, and defined moral law as Webster gives it. It must be remembered that this was the ex- position of a lexicographer, one whose duty it was to give the meaning of words in use, also ideal words, and one who was also pre- pared to explain the meaning of the names of many of the heathen deities. If one word had been said in the Bible that the law was to be divided into moral and ceremonial, that would be sufficient. He would not trust himself for half-an-hour, with teachers that brought the laws of God and Moses' law into opposition, and said there were two laws. Does Mr. Curtis think that the law of Moses is not the law of God. If Moses' law was not the law of God, it was news to him. If God did not tell Israel to light no fires on the Sabbath day, he had done with Moses. Mr. Curtis had two rolls of calico when review ing his address on the previous Tuesday, the one, he said, contained Moses law, and the other the law of God. He (the doctor) accepted Moses as speaking for God, and if Moses said not to ride in trams on the Sabbath, he would say so to. (Laughter.) If there are two laws, which is Moses, and which is God's? In the iii. chap. II. Cor., read for the lesson, we read of the law which was written on tables of stone. Paul speaks of the old covenant and the new, and says, "the letter killeth, but the spirit giveth life," and speaks of the covenant of Christ, not as written on tables of stone, but on the fleshy tablets of the heart. The glory of the old covenant had passed away, and in that chapter the words used in reference to the law speak of it twice as " done away-" and once as "abolishedl." The doctor then said that if there was anything that Mr. Curtis in his review had touched upon, that he (the doctor) had not answered, it was not because he wished to evade it, and if anyone was troubled in their mind about the question, if they would come to him he was confident that in half an hour he could set them at rest over the matter. The doctor then continued his address from the previous Sunday "Why we keep the first day of the week." For this he said, argu- ment can be found everywhere. The old decalogue says thou shalt and thou shall not. The Gospel of Christ does not say so. There was a woman taken in adultery, in the very act, her accusers bring her to Christ and remind Him, that the law says that she should he stoned. Christ says He came to fulfil the Law. The Adventists say that this should be rendered fully preach the Law. What was Christ's answer to the woman, did He command that the woman should be destroyed. His answer was that the one that was without sin should cast the first stone at her, and we find all the accusers leaving. This was not fully preach the law. In the Gospel we read what Christ went forth to herald was the Kingdom of God. In the 25th verse x. chap. of Hebrews Paul asks the christians "Not to forsake the assembling of themselves together as the manner of some is." It was the custom of the disciples to meet on the first day of the week to break bread, and there never will be a successful refutation of this fact. The first day of the week was the day of the resurrection; .on that day the Holy Ghost fell at Pentecost. There are two ordinances which Christ left for his people, the Lord's Supper and Christian baptism, in these two are crystallized all the facts of the gospeL These ordinances are slighted, they do not occupy that place in the christian church which they should, if they did they would save a great deal of confusion. If these ordinances were exalted more there wou!d be no call for such a place as Dr. Strong's, and those that speak against the atonement of Christ. If Christian baptism had its right place there would be no successful denial of the divinity of the Lord Jesus, the personality of the Holy Spirit, the atonement, death by sin, life alone in Christ, and justification by His death and resurrection. He (the Dr.) in referring to the ordinance of the Lord's supper, showed that it set forth the death of Christ for our sins but needed something to set forth the resurrection. The Holy Spirit laid great stress upon this fact; he quoted several scriptures to support this statement. He claimed that the fact of the resurrection was brought out by observing the ordinance upon the Lord's day. Thus the great. facts of the Gospel, the death, burial and resurrection i Cor. xv. 3. 4., were symbolized, which could not be if the Lord's day were left out. A hymn was then sung and the benedic- tion pronounced which concluded the service. The Dr. spoke for an hour-and-a-half, some of the points were made with such effect that he had to ask the audience to refrain from applauding which they did heartily on one occasion during the address. 