REVIEWS. Oliver Cromwell : By FnBDBiuo Harrisons. McMillan and Co., London and New "York: 1888. This is one of the " Twelve English Statesmen Series' and has been entrusted to the able hands of Mr. Frederic Harrison. The character of the great Puritan states- man and soldier is one of the most interesting in all history, and it is satisfactory to find it treated for once without an undue spirit of partisanship. The character of Cromwell has hitherto evoked either great animosity or great and liberal admiration from those who have endeavoured to delineate it, Although quite obviously a great admirer of the Protector, Mr. Harrison ' is not led away by his admiration into any gross attempt to justify those portions of his career which are notoriously unjustifiable. For instance, in referring to the massacre at Drogheda which was the work of Cromwell's army in Ireland, Mr. Harrison writes :-" No admira- tion for Cromwell, for his genius, courage, and earnest message sympathy with the cause he uphold in Eng- land can blind us to the truth, that the lurid light of this great crime burns still after centuries across the history of England and of Ireland that it is one of those damning charges which the Puritan theology has yet to answer at the bar of humanity." Of Cromwell's action in England Mr. Harrison offers either the fullest justification, or in the most disputed instances, states both sides of the question, and allows the reader to judge for himself. into matters of history, however, excepting as the exempli- fying traits in Cromwell's character, Mr. Harrison does not go with any degree of fulness. His work is to show to the reader the powerful and determined leader who was first evolved by circumstances from a Hunting- don farmer into the captain of a Parliamentary troop, and who afterwards took control of circumstance the most confused until he reached by the force of his own overmastering will the position of ruler of England. At first, according to Mr. Harrison, Cromwell's object in opposing the King was a purely patriotic one, nor, up till almost the last step which made him Protector, was he swayed by motives of ambition. Up to this Mr. Harrison regarded him as the purest of patriots, having in view the ultimate welfare of his country, without any reference to personal aggrandisement There are many who have refused, and will continue to refuse to accept this view of Cromwell's character. A very considerable portion of those who have examined his character have come to the conclusion that the great Puritan was actuated from the very first by motives of ambition, though how this is to be re- conciled with the fact that Cromwell lived till beyond his fortieth year the placid life of a country gentleman does not seem to be very clear. According to Mr. Harrison he was to a certain extent forced to occupy the first position in < every now phase of the Revolution. Situations were created which required a master, and as no other master was to be found Cromwell stepped into the breach. It may he urged that Crom- well had a hand in the creation of those situations, which is very true ; but the fact that he was only one among a party of exceptionally able and determined men who continued them, renders it improbable that in the early stage of the conflict, at any rate, his was the solo shaping spirit. As to the last stage of Cromwell's ascent, when he took in his own hands the sovereignty of England, Mr. Harrison leaves it an open question whether he was influenced in his action by motives of ambition, though he himself evidently inclines to the belief that then, as previously, he was swayed by motives of patriotism. Even with the summary dismissal of the long Parliament, Mr. Harrison, although he quarrels with Oliver's rough and brutal manner of carrying it out, expresses sympathy. Indeed, it is the characteristic roughness of Cromwell's character, and his tendency to riotous horseplay that finds least favour with the latest biographer. As to characteristic hypocrisy, or general deception, of which Cromwell has often been accused, Mr. Harrison completely acquits his character. He evidently finds it an incomprehensible thing that a man of Cromwell's intellectual stature should be be completely under the sway of a narrow and bigoted Puritan creed; but he nevertheless recognises it as a fact, and admits that the whole of Oliver's actions throughout his career were determined by a severe reference to his religious ideals. It is hard, considering some of the merciless acts of which he was the perpetrator to conceive that he imagined himself directly inspired by Providence to their committal ; but this the impartial reader will be forced, with; Mr. Harrison, to admit In time, however, his biographer recognises that a tinge of hypocrisy coloured the Protector's character "Doubtless," he writes, "the taste for improving the occasions became at last a snare to Crom- well, ending even with him, as it ended with others, in no little unctuous mannerism-oven self-deception. A certain profusion of 'tears, of hyperbolic asseverations, and calling God to witness, an excessive expression of each passing emotion, which grew with the habit of spiritual Stimulants these are things too well attested and too consonant with the tone of his generation to suffer us to doubt that Cromwell's nature was more than touched by the disease. It was touched but not poisoned. He had some of the weakness, as well as all the strength, of the mighty Puri- tanism of which he is the incarnation and the hero. But all these unlovely failings, which in truthfulness we note, disappear in a larger view of the essential grandeur, sincerity, and devoutness of the man." As a General, Mr. Harrison claims him as the most universally successful the world has known. He never lost a battle, and won generally against over- mastering odds. This Mr. Harrison attributes equally to his own strategic powers and the troops who fought under him-their training, spirit, and organisation. Their spirit was the spirit of their grim Puritan creed, but their training and organisation were the work of Oliver. " Rarely indeed in history," writes Mr. Harrison, " has moral and material force * been thus concentrated in a body possessing both intense political conviction and consummate military discipline. They were the passion, the courage, the conscience of the people in arms, a political group in energy and will stronger than all other groups together ; a corps of soldiers who had no equals in Europe. They had none of the vices of an army ; none of the restlessness of a political faction." Of Cromwell's conduct during the period of his Protectorate Mr. Harrison speaks in terms of unstinted admiration. At home, throughout the United Kingdom, excepting in Ireland, all was flourish- ing; abroad, conquest and dominion awaited England's arms. " The history of England," according to Mr. Harrison, offers no such picture to national pride as when the kings and rulers of Europe courted, belauded, fawned on the farmer of Huntingdon. The record of English arms has no more brilliant page than that of Blake at Teneriffe, of Lockhart at Dunkirk, and Morgan at Ypres, when the Ironsides stormed unbreached forts and annihilated Spanish battalions, to the amazement of Turenne, Conde, and Don John. Never has a ruler of England been formally addressed by kings in such Oriental terms as " The most invincible of sovereigns," '. The greatest and happiest of princes." ' Though there is a tendency, here and there, in Mr. Harrison's book to slur over the faults of Cromwell's character, or, at least, to transfer from him to his times the burden of those faults, yet the life is an able and, on the whole, impartial estimate of at once the most detested and admired personage in English history, who must still be considered, in his biographer language, " the greatest ruler England ever knew." Richard Cheers Trench, Archbishop : Letters and Memorials, edited by the author of " Charles Lowder," in two volumes. London : Kegan Paul, Trench, and Co., 1, Faternostcr-squaro, 1888. In the introduction to the volumes before us the editor disclaims any intention of giving a life of the late Archbishop of Dublin. With the exception of a few explanatory passages scattered through both books, the text is solely devoted to letters written and received by the prelate during the last 60 years of his long life. Bearing in mind the prominence of many of the correspondents, the ecclesiastical and literary position reached by Dr. Trench himself, and the fact that he was at the head of the Irish Church Establishment during the troublous times when the question of disendowment was not only in the air but at hand, it must be confessed that the present collection of letters is in the main disappointing. Most of those of which the Archbishop was the recipient ate from the friends of his early manhood and while quite unobjectionable from an ethical standpoint, are not without many traces of the crude theories and commonplace reflections so characteristic of young men who, fresh from college, boldly attack the complex: riddle of the universe. In 1827 we find the future prelate, than 20 years ' old, at. Cambridge, where, with many other ardent youths, he was member of a society known as " The Apostles." It is to one of those (John Kemble) that the future churchman's first letter is addressed. In 1829-30 Mr. Trench travelled much in Spain, and writes to his father from Burgos:-" Our team, however, which consisted of a mixture of horses, mules, and oxen, equalled the exigencies of the case, and at one point consisted of seven mules, one horse, and four oxen." From this it will be seen that Spanish travel 60 years ago had some drawbacks, """"from Granada wo got The lower orders (of Spaniards) are rapidly becoming drunkards." Something must have stopped them in their downward career, for recent evidence from many quarters gives the palm of national abstemiousness to the inhabitants of the Peninsula. Concerning bull fights there will be founded have now seen one, and think it the most interesting sight I have ever beheld." Whether the bill would have supported this view is, however, extremely doubtful. In a letter from John Kemble, dated April 1st, 1830 there occurs, notwithstanding the infelicity of the date, the following regarding young Tennyson, whose " Timbuctoo " was the year's prize poem :-" In Alfred's mind the materials of the very greatest works are heaped in an abundance which is almost confusion." When it is remembered what poesy would lose were Tenny- son's works suddenly blotted from the English tongue, the opinion formed so long ago of the writer of In Memoriam. " by another young man seems prophetic. In 1853 will be found the first notice of the death of Arthur Hallam, whose untimely decease called forth the finest poem of the generation. More than two years before this young Trench had gone to Spain with other ardent young men in the train of "General Torrijos. How the latter and almost all his followers were taken prisoners and shot at Malaga is to be found in one of Carlyle's stirring chapters. From many expressions in these early letters, it would appear as if young Richard Trench was of a sedate and meditative temperament, so that his entry into the Church causes no surprise. Henceforth, throughout his various epistles, occur the sober and becoming reflections of one who has found his true vocation. Many of these reflections are trite enough, being merely the lucubrations of one who is daily coming round to the reassuring conviction that whatever is is right Hero and there are to be found sonnets and fragments of metrical compositions, all of which breathe a morality that even the veriest sceptic would scarcely have the temerity to dispute. Of course, there is li the now in the ethical introspection of the divine as given in the letters before us. The reason for this is obvious. In the world of morals, unlike that of intellect, there is no room for fresh discoveries. In no essential point is it possible, to advance beyond the code delivered in the bright sunshine on the Palestine hill-side nearly 2000 years ago a code which in its main features was known to men before Abram was called of God. On carefully perus- ing the collection of letters contained in the present publication the opinion gradually grows on the reader that the late divine was a highly cultivated man, with a kindly heart, strong conservative leanings, and a fairly powerful conviction that there was nothing in the sacred writings to prevent man's making himself comfortable in this world, while looking confidently forward to a Bempiternal reward in the next. 1 It was on New Year's Day, 1864, that Richard Chc novice Trench was consecrated Archbishop of Dublin. Considering the world's political turmoil and unrest during the subsequent eight years, the Titanic American struggle of freedom against slavery, the misfortunes of poor little Denmark, the partial collapse of Austria, and the complete downfall of France it is remarkable how few the allusions are in the epistles before us to the momentous events in progress during that eventful period, It reminds one of the Oxford Professor who, in 1895, having heard for the first time of Napoleon, observed acutely " Who is this Bonaparte they're making such a bother about? I don't believe he could give a really good rendering of Juvenal's 6th ' satire.' " But the approaching danger to the Irish Church put the Archbishop on his mettle. A month after his con- secration we find him writing; "I have just had to refuse the invitation to the Lord Mayor's (a Romanist) dinner. This is the first time that an Archbishop of Dublin has refused, but it is also the first time when it was intend) d to omit drinking his health a fact which I obtained from his own office." To have your health drunk at a civic banquet is, no doubt, pleasant, particularly when some time has been devoted to the consideration of a fitting response. But there will be a diversity of views as to the prudence, either on political or j on religions grounds, of avoiding the festivity because of such proposed omission. We must hurry on Some of the Archbishop's " sayings on history, poetry, books, and men of note " deserve attention. For instance, he opined that " the six greatest men, meaning by that the men who most shaped the course of the world, have been Alexander the Great, Julius Caesar, Mahomet, j Buddha, Cyrus, Alfred the Great" Four of these, it will be seen, are chiefly remarkable as soldiers, one as a soldier preacher, and the sixth as a preacher alone. Yet the opinion is daily growing that, so far as shaping the world's course by turning men's thoughts into fresh channels is concerned, the real artificers have been those God-gifted man who-often the victims of the proud man's contumely, and the ignorant man's persecu- tion ; often in cheerless poverty, and the cold neglect which such want invites-struggled upwards towards the divine light of knowledge which they alone clearly discerned. The foregoing list of great men, however, is instructive, inasmuch as it shows how difficult it is for even a studious and reflecting man to free himself from the traditions and influences by which he has been surrounded from his birth. Of the six: names three are European, one Greek, the second Roman, the third British. Ask any great Frenchman for the names of the world's six greatest ones, and it may be confidently anticipated that one, if not more, will be French. Indeed, there are lands where the whole six would probably be claimed by the person whose opinion was solicited. What claims Alfred had over Luther as a teacher, for over Frederick as a warrior, are not quite apparent In the light of recent developments the following is suggestive: i " If there were an Irish Parliament there would be a civil war in six months ; the oppressed Irish Protestants would call England to their help. Ireland is the greatest recorded failure." Scattered, however, through the Archbishop's sayings are remarks whose shrewdness arrest attention. For instance: " Carlyle must always remain one of the great forces of the century. The difference between him and Froude is that between a creator and an imitator." Again :-" Ho (Carlyle) told me that when he had got half way through his Frederick the Great, he found he was notgTeat-that he was a great disappointment" This is one of the first charges against Carlyle-that with noble talents he, in a measure, prostituted them in the endeavour to teach us to admire men whose claims to admiration were either slender or entirely working. Few will dispute this :-" I suppose I that the three volumes of Carlyle's ' French I Be volution are the greatest poem of modern times:'' fewer still will endorse what follows :-" Longfellow had only one great talent in doing over again what others had done before him." Many had sung of the nightingale before Keats, but who so well as he The stand made by Dr. Trench in defence of the doomed Irish Establishment, cannot be road 20 years' after the event without a tribute of respect for his determination, and an occasional smile for his fears. The words of the great English statesman, copied from one who was more than man, "cut it down, why cumborah it the ground," will be remembered when the stout stand made by the worthy Archbishop and his supporters is forgotten. It was on the 28th of March, a little over two years ago, that the Archbishop, full of years and widely regretted, met his death with the fortitude of those who have served their Master well. Westminster Abbey was his final resting-place. In his life he did good work according to his light, but even his most ardent admirers would pause before writing after his name the distinguishing monosyllable " great" Technical School and College Building, being a treatise on the design and construction of applied science and art buildings, and their suitable fittings and sanitation, with a chapter on technical education. By Edward Cook woiiTKX Ronixs, F.S.A. London : Whittaker and Co., 2, White Hart- street, Putornoster-squaro, E.C., i 1887. In his preface Mr. Robins expresses a deep sense of his bank's shortcomings, but sends it forth " in response to the numerous applications made to me by both British and foreign correspondents engaged in the construction or promotion of technical school build- sings." As good wine requires no bush, so the present volume requires no excuse. In view of the efforts being made in all civilised countries to afford to the young a practical training in the arts or the callings to which they intend devoting their lives, this publication is a welcome one. It gives plans and descriptions of the principal British and Continental buildings devoted to the pursuits mentioned. In the introduction will be found the following excerpt from a letter by Professor Huxley to the author :-" The danger in all these technical schools is this, that the scientific teacher generally begins his work on the high and dry method, and fills the mind of the student with more verbal formulae before there is any practical experience by which those ghosts can be embodied." These significant words, written in fair-sized letters of gold, should find a resting place at the bed-heads, not alone of teachers and students of technical subjects, but of those who teach and study literature and languages as well. Who that has waded through the old-fashioned Latin and Greek grammars, with the defects to follow and the short fables to succeed, who that has lain awake at night to try and remember the voluminous rule- and inflections of whose application he was ignorant, but must feel the force of Professor Huxley's crusade against those clumsy formulas " before there is any practical experience by which those ghosts can be embodied." Mr. Robins' idea of technical education is a comprehensive one : "It is the complement and crown of all utilitarian education as contrasted with literary culture only-it is pure science carried to its legitimate issue-that is to say, its varied applications to human requirements ; it is the practical application of scientific principles to special objects and purposes, and it is as necessary to professional men as it is acknowledged to be to manufacturers and artisans," Speaking of the educational methods that have hitherto been almost exclusively pursued, Mr. Robins expresses himself with attractive candour. " The study of the intricacies of dead languages has been thought more profitable than the study of God's laws hidden away in the universe, and revealed only in answer to scientific research." The sting of this lies in its truth. In the first chapter, from which the foregoing short extracts have been taken, will be found a pretty frank answer to the frequently demanded question of why Germans are fairly ousting Englishmen from industrial and scientific domains over which Britons once held almost undisputed sway. In a word, the present volume should find a place on the shelves of all those who are determined not to yield technical pre-eminence without at least a fair struggle. 