ATHLETICS AND THEIR IN FLUENCE ON NATIONAL CHARACTER. It hae been said that the songs of a nation have more influence upon the formation of its character and habits than its laws. However this may be, it cannot be doubted that public sports and diversions may be turned to great advantage for that end, and as such ought not to be neglected. What ever may tend to dishonor and degrade them requires to be checked and disallowed ; whatever may tend to purify and elevate them deserves to be encouraged and upheld. Ureece derived benents from the gathering together of all the members of her diversified and complex nationality once a year at one or other of their great athletic festivals. Is it not conceivable that at no very distant time something similar may be set on foot in connection with oar new Imperial Institute ? Already we have a freBh bond of union with our colonies in the cricket matches played alternately during the last 10 years in Australia and in England, and with our North American cousins in rowing and sailing matches on the river and on the sea. la it not within the range of future possibility that some such course may be adopted as one means among others for consolidating our Empire among the various tribes of Hindustan? The potentates of Sicily and of Africa did not disdain to appear .among the competitors at Olympia, and our Indian Princes would probably be no less willing to play a part in games adapted to their national tastes. Nay, more; is it not within the aspirations of hope that the cause, not only of civilisation and a' world- wide patriotism under British auspices, but of true religion, may sooner or later be promoted by bucu occasions of mutual intercourse, and that thereby the worship of the God whom St. Paul preached at Athens may find an access into the temples and mosques of Buddha, and even of Islam ? — Bishop Wordsworth. ' What is the matter, Clara ? You look so ashamed.' ' Oh, mamma, you told me to tread on your foot when you were to laugh ; and I made a mistake, and trod on the gentleman's beside me.' A merry-andrew, on being asked why he played the fool, replied — 'For the same reason that you do— out of want. You do it for the want of wit, and I do it for want of money.' ' Is Mrs. Fullbloom a widow, Charlie ?' ' She's a widower.' ** A widower ! How can that be ?' ' She's been a widow twice. Once more will make her a widowest.' No generous man would go to a spiritual sSance given by a lady medium, and as the ghost is walking about, while the medium is tied in the cabinet, exclaim, ' There's a rat right by the ghost !' It spoils the effect to have the ghoBt cry out, and gather up its skirts and run. Lothario : ' Ah ! deareBt Anna, of your love I'm dying, and at your feet I lie ? .' Anna : *' I see you are lying!' Considerate mother (to governess) : 'Miss Smith, don't let Alfred and Jennie sit down on the damp grass, for fear they should catch cold. When they are tired you can sit down and take them on your lap.' He, just introduced : ' What a very homely man that gentleman near the piano is, Mrs. Hobson!' Mrs. Hobson: 'Why, that is Mr. Hobson 1' He, equal to the occasion: 'Oh, indeed! How true it is, Mrs. Hobson, that the homely men always get the prettiest wives !' Struggling husband : ' You were always fond of books, Minnie. What can I give yon for your birthday?' Innocent dear: ' Give me a cheque-book, darling. When ever £ sign your name I shall think of you.' Mr. Featherly {to Miss Fizzletop, his partner, who has failed to play a trump) : ' I see you have a very poor hand, Mies Fizzletop.' 'Miss F. (a novice at the game) : ' I wish you would confine your attention to the cards, Mr. Featherly. You are positively rude.' 'How old are you, Johnny?' asked a . guest. ' Five in the train, 13 in a drawing room,' was the prompt reply that set the table in a roar. Regular customer (disposed to be face tious) : ' You will have to trust me for that paper until to- morrow.' Obliging newsagent: 'Oh, that's all right, sir.' Customer : ' But suppose I was killed be (ween now and to-morrow?' Obliging newsagent : ' Well, the Iobb would not be much, sir.' 