5 os toil Sisoolrs. The following is ono of the ghost stories which are floating about iu the general re vival of all things spookish which has been uDon us for a coupleof winters. The Esses are a family as well known as any going out of Boston to the North Shore, whero they havo a beautiful summer home. Some years a«-o Mrs. Ess, a charming and cultured woman, died at Hartford, where she had been staying for a short visit. On the day of her death her family physician chanced to call at the house at the seashore to aric for the health of tho absent lady, as ho had heard of the ilWss at Hartford. He was assured that she .was better and thatjj a letter received that I 'morning pronounced her out of danger. As he was leaving the house he saw Mrs. Ess cross the lawn and enter tho house by a side I door. She passed within a score feet irom him, but gave no sign of being aware of his I presence. Ho returned hastily to the house, but no one had heard any one enter by the side door, which, indeed, proved upon exami nation to be locked on tho inside. The tele- "raph soon brought news of the death of jVErs. Ess, which had taken place at that hour iu Hartford. The story is unlike many another ono which has been told, but it derives weight and interest here from the standing of the family and tho exactness with which tire do- tails are vouched for. There are, however, a good many ghost tales belonging to Boston families, which elderly ladies can upon occasion he induced to repeat for tho edification _ of _ appreciative hearers ; and in this connection it may he re called that the venerable Commodore Robert Bennett Eorbes, in his 'Autobiography,' «-ives as a reason ior taking a certain course . 1 was influenced also by a very remarkable dream at Conception, in which I saw my wife in great distress, mourning over a member of tbo family. This dream made so great an impression ou my mind that I determined to "o home by the first vessel. It was afterward proved that the dream occurred simul taneously with the funeral of my wife's mothor, Mrs. Smith. I had become somewhat tinctured by superstition in regard to dreams by tbo fact that on my way to China in 1S19 I had had a similar premonition as to the death of my little daughter Rosa.— Erovidence Journal. 