CDBIOIIS ENUMERATION OF SCOTCH SONGS. TO SASOT o'jm TBK LEE. . -Most ramdy sAttar getting some Canld .kail in Aberdeen, with John RqyStewart, I accompanied him to The house hehrarteehill, trine Green grow the rnehes, aad where two re- three of .The -merrv bds . At Arrwira , taking their Bottle -of Bosch, having -lately come from Doon-eide ; tee landlord was John- - rue M-Giil, yon know hemamedteeSagtar'e daughter ; teeigave niahearty welcome, for Blithe waa tee rhnt an'ben, and when Hhe -came ben Sim Jbqbbit, and rintiodnced -as- to Maggie lander, Mary Gray. Ac, idx; pot forgetting the Bonoy wee teirig- teey : were nil watting .-'tee wraval Bi lemy Camp- bell fromiWithm-a'mifo o'Bfflribregffoyte numt know Lnqy is to be married toJIhnRaat- 1 jngRnaring Highland man. .Sodpwnweaat j- laddie. I thought it had been Johnnie Comin1, bat nafaith, eavsPegyv Bawn, teaf John Andersonmy jo, from BonnieDundee, for He would be a soldier. Mast of ns know ing John, we invited bim to a seat ; be took mit Imv -fiddln qwt 4i"nT"nin" An iiinnli The bnsh aboou Trsquair, but was stopped by Duncan Gray, who begged he wonld test favour ns with God Save the King. Hang tee King, says Charlie Stewart, who was down by Jack the brisk young drummer, who is a Bonny bold soldier. We all teonght that Lewie Gordon would have interfered, who was standing in a neuk whistling Johnny Cope, when in came the 'Wandering sailor," singing Hearts of oak, with Black-eyed Susan in one hand, and The oak stick in foe other ; and poor Lewie did not like A' that an' a' teat, hat slank away as pale as Hosier's ghost. Duncan David son was beginning to cry Kick the rogues oat, when in the midst of the scuffle we had notice fromRoy's wife of Aldivalloch of the arrival of tee yonng couple from tee Wanking o' .the foaud ; then the cry was Busk ye, busk ye. Fy letus a' to the bridaL By this yon will understand that Johnny's , made a wedding o't. We were just going when Jenny Netties hinted that the Ala wife - and her barrel must be paid, mi winch we bid The good wife count her lawin'. So each of ns hail a Saxpence under onr thumb, and Jennie'eBawbeemadenpthesum. Oncoming to The back of the change house, where tee wedding -was held, near tee Mill, mill, Q, we were met by The Jade of Donse gallant ing tee leases of Stewarton. The best man was Rattling roaring Willie, and I assure yon Willie is a wanton wag. The best maid was Katherine Ogie, who is tee Bonniest lass in a' tee world, except My jo, Janet. Our din ner consisted of the Roist Beef of Old Eng land, Lumps of pudding, tee haggis of Don- bar, Bannocks of barley meal, Ac., Ac. As for myself, There iere three eggs in the pan, and after dinner we had Dribbles of Brandy ; the whole cry waa E91 the stoop an' had it clinking, and by no means Drink holy an' fairly ; then Come gie's a sang the lady cried, so Ratio came up free the gleu, and Whistled o'er the lave o't and snng Maggy's tocher. 0 if yon had seen auld Rob Monde laughing at the Anld wife ayant the fire, «inging Oas 1 was kiss't yest 'reen. We were now grow ing Sae merry as we twaha'e been, and some of them began to trip npontrenchera. Ho the dancing commenced, The bride cam' in fcae the byre, and led down with one oftee Braw lade of Gala water, to the time of the Camp bells are Cuming. The glancing af her apron. Silken snood, and the Gowd in her garters, made my heart Gse pitty patty. I danced a reel with the Mud of the Mill and the Shepherd's wife, to the tone I'll make you be rain. Andrew, wi' his cutty gun, was at Kiss me sweetly, with Bess the gawkie, whistling all the while Came kiss me ins comer. In short, we all deuced heartily, hut I observed Jennie dang the weaver, and Scoffed and scorned at him saying O gin ye were ane and twenty. Tarn. After this we had a good night and joy ; I came Toddlin'. hame, Not drunk oar yet sober, and expected a benny wee house and a canty wee fire, hut I could not open tfae door till three, nor waken Sleepy Maggie- At last My kind dearie heard me, and She rose and let me in. By this time I was a Bleepy body, and got to bed by the light of The bounie grey eyed mom.— Yours, Wtt.T.tv WlSKIZ. 