SPORTING NOTES FBOM NEW SOUTH VALES. Br RIBBLEDEN. SYDNEY, TCESDAT. Judging by the meeting whioh concluded on Satur-! day racing at Hawkesbury will soon be a thing of the : past. In any ciroumstanoes the meetings cannot be looked upon as the important fixtures which they once were. The people of the district care not a jot about racing, and do not rapport the club, which but for the patronage it receives from Sydney must long ago have oeased to exist. The competition about the metropolis is too much for it, and the interest in its meetings is gradually dying out The only redeeming feature of the fixture was the fine weather; but the heat, which was almost insufferable, tended to mini mise the enjoyment of the visitors, which, it is estimated, were fewer in number than upon any previous occasion. On Thursday there was only a handful of spectators, and the sport was dreary in the extreme. Certainly there was a slight improvement on the second day of the gathering, but on the whole the racing may be fc*st described as all " leather or prunella." The fields were small, and with the exception of the placed horses in the Claret Stakes and, perhaps Pet Giri, there was not a racehorse worthy the natpe at the meeting. Pet G#I showed something like ber tfcree year-ola form by winning the Rowley Mile, the Rail way Handicap, and the Shorts Hsodictp. In the last-named race the was weighted with 9st. 51b., and Mat. Dunhey, who rode ber, carried about 31 rt. deadweight. When requested to dismount and weigh in, the little fellow was unable to carry the saddle to scalc as required by custom, and, with the judge's permission, Pet Girl's trainer relieved him of the task. Dunhey, who is about 15 years of age, and hails from Bourlcc, rode six winners at the meet ing, including the winners of the two principal races. He is in Duggan's stable, and although he is not yet out of bis apprenticeship, he is a remarkably clever boy. He has suddenly jumped into notoriety, and with more time and experience lie promises to make an excellent jockey. In tbs Claret Stakes, wlxioh Volley had no difficulty in semiring, Gorry'a place on Consequence was taken by Moore, who donned the black and white jacket for tbs first time. The uncertainty of racing was well exemplified in the Public Auction Stakes, wliioh was reduced to a match between Here's Luck and Leumeah. On public form Here's Luck had not the ghost of a chance of beating Leumeah, and backers thought it wai like picking up money to lay 4 to 1 on "this 'ere mare.** But Here's Luck, who is trained on (be course, turned his attention to business with such a will that Leumeah bad to "knock under," ranch to the dismay and diseust of the poor puntera. The field for the Hawkesbury Handicap dwindled down to seven runner*. The Queen was withdrawn on account of having hurt h creel! in a gallop, and The Nun was scratched at the eleventh hour,"be cause, it was said, her party had been forestalled; but that is an old yarn. Alma started favourite, and holding the lead the whole way, ultimately won by a bead from Southerly Buster, who On lined very gamely. Immediately after the race Mr. Rowley, the owner of Southerly Buster, lodged a protest, on the ground that the raoe was run before the advertised time, but the stewards dismissed it. As a matter ?of fact, the raoe was run 10 minutes before the advertised time. The stewards attributed the mil take to tbeir hitherto " faithful Waterbury," which was about ten minutes fast, but as all the raoes were started by the same timepiece, there was not much cause for complaint. Mr. Rowley, however, was determined to test the nutter in the Supreme Court, and served the dub with a writ to that effect. His oondnct was generally condemned as unsportsmanlike, but on Monday he wisely withdrew any further aotion, although counsel's opinion was greatly in his favour. Alma and Southerly Buster were stable companions up to within a few days of the race, when Alma was pur chased by Mr. M. Home, a patron of Kelso's stable, with certain contingencies. Those connected with Southed} Buster had strong reason to believe that he was the better of the pair, and apprehended sot the slightest danger from Alma: hence their discomfi ture at the result, by which the pnblio profited little, as Akna was generally looked upon as a non-stayer. Southerly Buster was saddled up again for the Sports man's Handicap, which he won after a dead heat with Hester, who was a great favourite in the run off. Considering that be had ran twioe pre viously, Southerly Buster's performance was very meritorious. Backers had a good Urns at the meet ing, every favourite hat one turning op trumps. Trainers put in an early appearance this morning at Rand wide, and it was well that, they did so, or otherwise the rain which fell later on would have pre vented many horses from working. On« or two good gallops were registered. Knlgbtshridfw, going kindly enough, beat Java ana Ensign over dk furlongs, and Volley by herself went fire fottotus fa Mod style. Aberdeen and Lara wen of no as to Cnmbrook in a mile and a quarter gallop, the big chestnut oomlng heme alone. Acme, Carlyon, and Abtroorn *ran put together for a mile and three- quarters, the mare having most to say at the finish : Carlyon walked away my feme. Pntels best Cairo and Gage d'Amour in a mils spin, and Amine finished In front Of Dilisk over five furlong*. Mlsi Ibiwa went a similar Journey with Wyoombe. Arsenal, Aigeriao, and The Australian Peer rail oped a stifle and three quarters eta goodpace, The Australian Peer finish ing in front of Arsensl, who moved ferlly. Toe o&ergallope; were sot specially noteworthy. Thttessalfil Club Bill was read the third time on Wednesday in the Legislative Ooundl, and it has been transmitted to the Legislative Assembly. The gates, fcc., in connection with the A. 3.0. autumn meeting were gold on Monday, and fetched ^^hTrriday a number of bookmaker* were fined la sums mngwff from (£S to £10 for loitering In front of fttteruli'* Hotel, In Fitfc-straet The brown gelding by Serdouyi oat of Jessamine has been namM Ouda. Mr. Tom Pay ten, trainer to the Hon. Jatfiea White, has lost a valued assistant in " Chris." Leuokel, who died on Friday from the effects of *0014 which be caught while at the V.B.C. autumnmeeting. At the Tumut races on Thursday and Friday Mr. K. Hoy stead appropriated the Centennial Handlcapwith Aliss, by Grey skin oat of M«*t,a»dthe Udles-Tum with Osmond, bf Klngsbowogh out of Ulsge^Ibs meeting was the moat successful «rsr held in Tumut The Patrick's Plains Jookarfflut) held its annual meeting on Wednesday and Thursday, at Singleton, and some rea!ly capital racing was witnessed. Sun beam. brtiunlight, won the Sogletofi Handicap on the fbsl day; and ttoxaaa, » rawmwwe ohsstnnt mare, by Sscuedos out of Hengisfs dam, dis tioguUhsd berssli on the second dsy by winning 43»e fthnrti Hinjiyji fhi ftfntfODlj * **" M hsMomMtlceyaub ,Pride,T»n«W,OoUln to Unfortunately^ A" Klnsela, situated at Bexley, near Hurstville, were completely destroyed by Ore. The racehorses, con listing of-KiDrarrove.'planet, Euroolydon, ifc., were saved; but the loss to Mr. Kinsela is very great, the damage being: estimated about £2,000. How the fire originated is not known. AJr. Tom Latnond has once more enlered the Jists as a publio trainer, and besides Pearl Shell he has flveotlierfliliesand acoit in hand. Two shopkeeper* in Market-street. Sydney, have each been fined - £5 and costs for bavin; received money In connection with "sweeps" on horse races. Hr. 0. B. Rowley has disposed of Southerly Buster to Mr. W. Kelso. His other horses, Blucnose and a two-year-old filly by Somnus out of Busy Bee, have been removed from Gosper's stable, at Windsor, and will, in future, be trained by \V. Brennan, at Hand wick. The racehorse Jack Koarty, by Kelpie out of Para wee, ha* been purchased by Dr. Frost, ol Xoivnsvllle, Queensland, tor 200 guineas. Forty-six nominations have been made for the Clarenoe Tattersall's Club sires' Produce Stakes of 1890, llr. Andrew Town beiDg the largest subscriber with 10. Here's Luck is now the property of Mr. V. G. Houghton, who purchased the son of Kingsborough Hussy on Saturday for 120 guineas. Pastoria and Qlenduart arrived from Melbourne on Thursday along with Lady Claudia, who has joined CL T. Roberts's string at Randwick. Mr. Henry Austin again protests against the Aus tralian Jookey Club beginning its autumn meeting Saturday, and calls upon those who agree witti him in regarding racing on that day as an out rajre on religious susceptibilles to absent themselves from the Kandwick raceoourse on the first day of the meeting. At the Uolohg meeting the three principal raoes feu to Harlequin, a son of Julian Avcnel and Hiffnonette. Messrs. E. Webb and Co., of B&tburst;, have pre j sen ted a trophy, value 40 guineas, to the Occidental I Bicycle Club, Bathuret 