MESSRS BUCK AND i COSTELLO THE LATTER WINS IN FOUR ROUNDS. There was a foil honso at the Apollo Athletic Hall on Saturday night to witness Martin Costello tey to knock Mr Back out in six ronnds. This was the first time Costello had appeared etnee bis return fronibyduay. After tlic usual preliminary arrangements Buck, acconliianicd by Sam Floyd, and Costello, by Taylor, came on the atsge. Tho amateur was in very pooreouditi<m, being heavy and fleshy. Costello, on the other baud, was much thinner than when previously in Melbourne. Mr Jack Tliompwm acted as referee, and Mr Abe Hickin as timekeeper. Directly time was called they got together, Costello getting in three sounding whacks one after tbe other on the side of the amateur's head. Tbe latter stood up gamely, and once or twice cross coun tered strongly. Just as tbe rouud closed he gotone full on the nose, that brought the blood. The seoond round was opened by Buck getting in both hands cleverly. Then he was cornered and received a stinging upper cut trom the professional's left. Over in the opposite corner he got another whack in tbe nose that brought the blood ireely. Even thus early in the contest his want of condition was telling on him, and it was a case of "bellows to mend.' Costello was performing very well, and proving what a clover boxer he is on tho boards. It was at once seen that his opponent hadn t a ghost uf a show uf winning, aud that he would be lucky if he lasted out four rounds, let alone six. Buck came down on his knees, and took his ten seconds. There was a cry of dissent from the spectators as Costello made for him directly ho got on his legs, instead of waiting till tbey got to tbe centre of the ring. In the third round not much was done.( The amateur was boxing gamely, and standing up to hie work, but could make no headway. He stayed and crosB-bountered every now and then, but his blows had no effect, Costello sailed in in toe fourth round, evidently determined to bring matters to a close. He got in both hands heavily on Buck's face and body. He treated tbe amateur to a succession of those peculiar upper cuts of his, diversified by painful Btnus on the body, The olher was unable to with stand the onslaught, and hung on to the topes in a helpless mfinner. to all intents find purposes beaten. Just as the three minutes were up tbe authorities sent word that the affair must dose. On its beiug ahown thai no harm bad been done, and that Buck was ready to on, another round was entered on. It was eo evident that the amateur was out of it that once mors the boxing was stopped, and (he verdict givenHo Costello. 