WHEN AND WHERB THE FOOTBALL PLAY WILL BE PURSUED. THURSDAY, 24TH MAY. Carlton v. Melbourne—At 10.30 o'clock, on the Melbourne Cricket Ground. Port Melbourne v. Norwood—At 1 o'clock, on the East Melbourne Cricket Ground. North. Melbourne v. Geelong—At 3 o'clock, on the Melbourne Cricket Ground. Richmond v. Jiallarat—At Ballarat. Williamstown v. South Jiallarat—kt Ballarat. South Melbourne v. Sandhurst—At Sandhurst. SATURDAY, 26TH MAY. Carlton v. Essendon—On the Melbourne Cricket Ground. Richmond v. South Melbourne—On the South Melbourne Cricket Ground, Williamstown v. Port Melbourne— At Williamstown. Footscray v. University—At Footscray. North 3Ielboume v. St. Kilda—On the North Melbourne Recreation Reserve. Melbourne v. Public Schools—On the Melbourne Football Ground, in the Friendly Societies' Gardens. (if,('long v. Norwood—On the Corio Cricket Ground. South Jiallarat v. Jiallarat Imperial—At Ballarat. IT will be many many years (if ever) ere the Great Match played between the Carlton (Victoria) and Norwood (South Australia) teams on the Melbourne Cricket Ground, on the 19th May, 1888, will be effaced from the memory of any of the 16,000 spectators who witnessed it. In all my long experience of Football in the colonies I cannot parallel its compeer. I was quite prepared for a rattling good game. I was as equally prepared to see the Norwoods gain a dashing victory (thanks to having watched them closely whilst at practice on the preceding Thursday). But I was not prepared—and I am positive neither was a solitary individual on the ground—to see them come in such an irresistible manner, when they were virtually dead to the world. For six goals against six behinds in favour of such a team as Carlton in the first half of .a game is a fearful handicap of a verity. But albeit their mozzle seemed right out, and even Joe Pollock was finding solace in the reflection that no club bar Carlton could dish them like that, there was not one atom of funk among the South Australian footballers. And when their adversaries eased off somewhat at the start of the third quarter (" Just to give them a bit of a show," as an ardent Dark Blue supporter whispered in my ear), lo and behold! Topsy Waldron and his rnerrie men were on the alert to take duo advantage of the concession. And, by the corns of St. Patrick, how quickly a change came o'er the spirit of the scene ! No sooner had young Slattery (who throughout the afternoon, time after time, exemplified how true it is that the beBt goods are ofttimes wrapt up in the smallest parcels) broken the spell that seemed to protect the Carlton citadel than an onslaught commenced thereon the like of which has never been experienced in Victoria. Rejecting all the cherished ideas of the olden time about keeping their places, a forward movement by the main body of the Norwoods, headed by Waldron, and stoutly supported by Miller, Dixon, Woods, Burton and Haldane, completely overwhelmed opposition, and ere the gong had announced the start of the last quarter, five goals (W. Slattery and Daly 2 each, Haldane 1) had been put in juxtaposition to Carlton's 6. But not without a fearful struggle. Baffled and beaten back time after time, and their most brilliant dashes nullified and set at naught by the marvellous dexterity and tremendous drop- kicking of their adversaries, Cook, Whelan, Goer, Moloney (who performed wonders), Strickland and Green played up splendidly, and so fierce was the struggle and so various the fluctations in the fortunes of the game that the excitement never flagged in intensity nor the cheers and counter cheers from being defeaning. " This is simply a case of which team cracks up first," remarked one of a knot of Carltonians principally composed of bygone captains and office-bearers of the old club. " They cannot last at this rate," was the rejoinder of Our Member; and the Bapient shake of the noddles round about proved that hie bearers thoroughly endorsed his judgment. " The most wonderful feat on record for a beaten team to come in this manner," bursts spontaneously from the lips of Thomas P. Power as au exceptionally fine bit of play results in Haldane doing the trick; and the "Beautifully played 1" encomium of that Past Master of the Football Art, George Robertson, is of special value because as a rule be is the reverse of lavish in his applause. The Fat Man and Pollock " touch flesh" in a frenzy of delight, and the enthusiasm is perfectly indescribable as the belligerents change sides for the final tussle. And then ensued a veritable battle of giants. Either team crack up! Nary a bit of a crack up! Certainly Haldane wrenched bis leg in a fierce hurroo (but for which circumstance he must have undoubtedly squared the yards), but both sides fought it out to the bitter end, and after the Norwoods had expended their best energies (unsuccessfully only because unluckily) in an attack of long- continued duration the concerted play of the Carlton transferred the scene of operations in front of the Norwood goal, where Baker's adroit play enabled Green to score Carlton's seventh goal. The ex-skipper of Carlton was certainly^ tbe hero of the day, no less than four goals out of the seven achieved by Carlton falling to his share; and it is only the simple truth to admit that nothing but his scientific display prevented the Carlton from sustaining a crushing defeat. Still, the Fates ruled otherwise; and if the spirited attacks of the visitors should have been better rewarded the dogged resistance of their antagonists cannot be too highly commended. On paper the game does not look a fair outcome, tbe final result being — Carlton, 7 goals 7 behindB; Norwoods, 5 goalB 12 behinds; but, then, as you are perfectly well aware—Behinds don't count; goals do I HAVE bracketed a remark in the preceding paragraph that W. Moloney, of Carlton, performed wonders. That is a fact. His pace and charging powers were undeniable, whilst his thorough knowledge of the game enabled him to outgeneral his opponents at numerous critical periods thereof. It was a regular picture to watch him at the start of the third quarter cast his eyes round the ground, and evidently taking in tbe full position, dash his cap on the turf, put his arms akimbo, and with a " come-on- and-do-your-best" expression of countenance stand like Ajax defying the lightning. It was a perfect study; the pose he assumed being worthy the chisel of a Phidias. (Thank you, Will; 1 don't mind if I do with you; although as a rule I never taste except between meals.) It would be a very difficult matter indeed to pick out individual men from the Norwood ranks for special distinction. You know the old gag — " Where all were so good it would be invidious to particularise." That's how I eel abonfc the matter. Bat still I was awfully pleased to observe that old Carltonian, handle his men in 'such an artistic manner. He, above all men,knew the calibre of the opposers; and the outcome of the match will ever redound to his credit. lu he had au able lieutenant, whose feats of dlieringdo, as a back-man were enhanced a hundredfold by the fact that he had only arrived from Adelaide that morning, after having sustained a severe buggy accident on Friday. IN all these affairs there must be a mastermind to weld the component parts of a representative team into a perfect whole, aud in we find a splendid example of the right man being in the right place. MR. J. J, TRAIT acted as central umpire as he only can act. It could not be otherwise during the progress of 6uch a contest but that slight infringements of the rules would take place; aud the wonderment was that they were not more numerous. However, whenever he deemed it necessary Mr. Trait was short, sharp and decisive in his awards, and the hearty endorsements of the immense gathering of spectators at each and all of his decisions (albeit they were oftener against the local club than in their favour) were conclusive evidence that he was discharging the onerous duties of his position to the entire satisfaction of critical judges of the game. Granted that he might have been a good deal stricter than he was; it must not be fc rgotten that a beaten team should not be too harshly treated. And that tbe Norwoods were most decisively beaten up to the finish of the first half (that's if tbey had been only aware of the fact) is as certain as that they did not deserve to be beaten at all. THE automatic clock gong (for notifying the expiration of the quarters' play) was a feature of the afternoon's sport. It could be heard distinctly all over the ground, aud the inventor (Mr. Khkby) is to be congratulated on its initial performance on a metropolitan ground proving such an unqualified success. Like everything else the present idea will no doubt be improved upon; in fact, the Arch Plotter a little more than hinted to me that a member of his family—a brother I think he said—had already divined a method of making the alarum more resonant still. THE Public Schools Race (Geelong versus Scotch College, in which they rowed for the former, who proved victorious by 12 lengths) precluded Bailey and Parker ^layiiiig'wtih the Corio ground, on Saturday; but despite that the Geelong boys proved victorious by 6 goals 11 behiuas against Port's 2 goals 7 behinds. This makes the Ports' second defeat. ESSENDON came a cropper on the Williamstown Cricket Ground, the local team running the rule over them by 4 goals 8 behinds to 2 goals 3 behinds. SOUTH MELBOURNE visited the land of boulders, and wound u» by scoring 8 goals 8 behinds to 2 goals 5 behinds credited to Footscray. MELBOURNE and St. Kilda journeyed to Ballarat, where each of them caught a cold. The Ballarat club routed the Beds by 0 goals 11 behinds to 3 goals 10 behinds; whilst the South Ballarat defeated the Aquarium people by 5 goals 16 behinds to 2 goais C behinds. FOLLOWING out my last year's plan, I furnish my readers with a table showing the relative positions of the senior clubs up to date ;— a Cum. a ri p £ o o £ fi g l-i f- "5 1 Matches | Played. | Lost. 1 Points | Obtained. "3 & o o J Carlton 2 2 20 7 8 8 Fitzroy 8 2 South Melbourne ... 14 C Geelong 2 10 Ballarat ? 2 11 8 South Ballarat 0 1 i 5 8 n E-sendon 2 i 8 12 Williamstown 3 o l 7 8 12 8 Richmond 2 3 10 3 8 Port Melbourne 10 12 12 Melbourne 3 1 2 12 15 12 4 North Melbourne ... 2 1 "i C !) 8 2 Ballarat Imperial ... g 2 6 11 — University 2 o 5 16 8 — St. Kilda 9 1C 12 — Footscray 3 3 3 19 12 — I So that it will be perceived up to the present there are five clubs—Carlton, Fitzroy, South Melbourne, Geelong and Ballarat—trick and toi with the possible, South Ballarat following hard withal by having scored 6 out of a possible 8. That's where the beauty of the system of scoring by points comes in. You will observe that Essendon and Williamstown have made 8 out of 12 for three matches, which looks equally as good on paper as South Ballarat's 6 out of 8 for two. But figures prove incontestably that the up-countrymen have averaged S 000 per match, whilst Essendon and Williamstown have only achieved 2GGG. Oh! you can't pack the pointB system of counting by much, I can assure you. THE supporters of St. Kilda will doubtless want to know, you know, what I have shifted them down a couple of pegs (from thirteenth to fifteenth) for. Well, you see, when they were on an equality with Ballarat Imperial and University in the number of matches played (2) and the points obtained (nixey) I took the calibre of the clubs the Saints had played against into consideration, and gave them the benefit of the doubt aB regarded " worst on record." Now that they have played an extra match to the two others named, and still kept up their dull uniformity by sustaining defeat, there is just a possibility of the Imps, and the 'Varsity making either a draw or a win of their next venture, and accordingly I have placed them as above. THE Rugby Union players are worrying up splendidly, very good and exciting game being played between " a team of colonials, called Carlton, and a team of New Zealanders, Britishers and others, called the World, on the Carlton Cricket Ground. According to the Fourth Edition of Saturday's Herald—" Being about the first Bugby match of any importance in the colony, considerable interest was taken in it by a large crowd of spectators." H'm. I fancy I once saw a pretty fair game played between the Waratah and Carlton on the Melbourne Cricket Ground, in 1878; but we'll let that pass. The Carlton proved too strong for their opponents, and scored a win by 6 points to nil. THE Anglo-Australians (playing under English Association rules) also bad a flutter on the South Melbourne Cricket Ground, the teams being Carlton (Great Cffisar's ghost! What's in a name—eh?) and South Melbourne, for George and George's trophy, which resulted in a draw. THUS " Bill Stumps " in the Sporting Life (Sydney )•• The opinions expressed by Mr. A. E. Stoddart, of Vernon's cricket team, when he witnessed the so- called exhibition football match in Melbourne, were that the English footballers would easily master the Victorian or Australian rules, which he did not consider:to be at all iutricate. With all due respect to Mr. Stoddart, I, as an exoerienced footballer, cannot endorse his utterances, and I am less sanguine of his countrymen's success. There cannot be two«sidesito the ^question, but that it would be satisfactory to find that the invaders had thoroughly mastered the rules; but though in theory it may hold good, I fear when put to a practical test with the mighty (I call them mighty because I justly consider the leading Victorian clubs as such) kings of the winter pastime in Melbourne, the hopes of the Englishmen will pop out like the snuff of a candle'or the snowfall on the river." i ES, when one comes to think of tt, John Conway can 7 lay claim to being an experienced footballer. He it was who first brought Carlton to the top of the tree, and it was under his able guidance that such " little wonders" as the three Billys—Gorman, Newing and Dedman— graduated. AND thinking about these good old days reminds me that on Friday afternoon last one of the Old Schoolknown in his day as the sky-blue skipper of Carlton (he always played in a light-blue jacket) — was conveyed to his last resting-place, in the Melbourne Cemetery. 'Twas to George Donaldson Kennedy old Fred. Blackham alluded in the Carlton Football Ode whenihe wrote— " Our sky-blue skipper, George Kennedy, Brought many a club to its bended knee. For be handled his men with tact and care, And though rather slow was a skilful player." Ay di me ! Cogitating on the fact that of all his old comrades only J. G. Gardiner, R. Robertson and J. M'Gibbon followed his remains to the grave, and that the customary tokens of regret were missing on the M.C.C. Ground on Saturday, there came back vividly to my remembrance the terrible pathos in the melancholy cadence of Joe Jefferson's voice when, in the character of Rip Van Winkle, I heard him deliver the words—" And are we so soon forgotten !" It is extremely gratifying to hear that rapid strides are being made by the followers of the Australian style of football in Sydney to further the interests of their game. Another suburb has been converted, and will henceforth send a team in the field to fight for the honour of Balmain. About thirty footballers attended the preliminary meeting at Mack's Hotel, Balmain, to start a local club under the Australian Rules. Mr. G. Crisp captain of the Sydney Club, was voted to the chair. It was unanimously carried that a club be formed on the lines intended, and a sub-committee of five wasappointed to draft rules and regulations, to be submitted to a general meeting to be held this week. Mr. W. Fordham was elected hou. 6ec. pro. tem. It was also decided to at once apply for admission to the New South Wales Football Association. The meeting was thoroughly enthusiastic, and the prospects of success of the new club seem assured, as, in addition to the members enrolled m the room support has been promised from several of the local clubs and prominent residents. The metropolitan clubs forming the Association comprise tbe following:— Sydney, East Sydney, West Sydney, Waratah, University, Kogarah, Balmain; and probably Pyrmont will send out a team, so that affairs in general for the New South Wales Association are of a very roseate hue. THAT was an exceedingly pretty little compliment the Geelong Football players paid tbe Norwoods whilst passing through Geelong on their overland trip from Adelaide on Thursday morning. Upon arriving at the Geelong station the visitors fouud an excellent breakfast awaiting them, provided by the Pivotonians, to which, it is needless to say, full justice was done. THECiroumstanee was insfci-ikingcbhtrafittoihe reception the South Australian team met with on their reacbingSpencer-streetstation. A few isolated Victorians had certainly foregathered; but the customary "drags" were conspicuous by their absence. " How will we reach our quarters ?" I heard a Norwood man inquire; and no one had the slightest idea without they took a tram until the Almanac came gallantly to the rescue with a " Oh, we will go up in cabs directly." Once at Parer's everything went off like clockwork; but at one time, had it not been for the strenuous exertions of Dave Scott Phil O'Neil, Fred M'Intosb, J, W. M'Cutchan, W. Rolfo,' Arty Stooke and a few others, the "hearty Victorian welcome" would have assumed the guise of a studied insult. That it would. THIS is how they talked about the Sixth Australian Eleven in the English Bporting papers at tho beginning of last month:—" The latest information about the Australian team of cricketers is not very cheering. They set sail from Melbourne on Wednesday—without Moses or Horan. The former is the great batsman of tbe colony. Both Shaw and Vernon's teams have shown that the colonists are far from invincible, and if we are to have that dry summer predicted by the weather prophets Messrs Turner and Ferris, the bowlers from whom so much is expected, will shine no brighter with the ball than the average English cricketer," AND this is the way the bowlers who were tipped to " shine no brighter with the ball than tbe average English cricketer" have played skittles with the four teams they met up to Saturday last:—Ferris, Hfi wickets for 322 runs (average 8 944 per wicket); Turner, 32 wickets for 337 (average 10 531); Jones 7 for 23 (average 3-285); and Trott, 1 for 13. So that the English scribe who penned the foregoing was the antithesis of the little boy who knew all about it. BL*T " sarkasm" is evidently his fork, as witness the following from his pen:—"' Mr.' A. Bannerman is to be a member of the team. A rattling good cricketer, he is, however, not the pleasantest man in the world to get on with. Bannerman has as much right to the amateur affix as ' Mr.' W. Barnes,' Mr.' G. Ulyett,' Mr.' A. Watson, or any other of the foremost English professionals." Now, it strikes me that the Australian kangaroo can counter that hit of the British lion with terrible effect by simply remarking—Touching "Mr." W. G. Grace and " Mr." W. W. Read. Ho 1 ho 1 and highcockalorum! THE London correspondents of the ,4r<?ti8and Age are having a rare loan of us Victorians. Last Monday the Argus informed its readers that in the match against Oxford M'Donnell played a splendid innings of 104, and that in Oxford's second innings Turner took three wickets for 24, Ferris three for 30, and Jones four for 19, The Age of the same day goes one better by announcing that M'Donnell made 105, and that " the bowling of Turner and Ferris was very effective, each securing five wickets." Cable-cram or Tel- a-cram seems to be all the same to Ananias ; it's a case of fake, fake, fake. IN tbe Sporting Chronicle (Manchester) of the 6th April "Pollux"' writes as follows:—" Last Whitsuntide there was a ' shine in the tents of Shem' because Surrey got distinctly the best of Notts, at Trent Bridge, at tactics in which the home team were considered peculiarly proficient. Notts were playing for a draw, aud Surrey to win. Things got to such a pass on the last day that the Southerners would not have time to win unless their own innings came to a speedy close. Surrey knew what they wanted, and got out by means that made some peculiarly critical people howl about the ' degradation of the game.' What was more to the purpose, they beat Notts, which was tbe one big object they had in view. Most of us admired Surrey for what they had done, but, to soothe the tender consciences of the.weaker brethren, Marylebone suggest a rule, as follows:'—'Law LIV.—(new law)—On the last day of a match either side may at any time declare their innings closed.' The 'sweet simplicity' of this rule will commend itself to every sensible cricketer. If a side is in a position that it cannot lose, it should not be done out of its chance to win by the mere effluxion of time. The iuterest in not a few. games will be manifestly increased by this new proviso. If the rules come into effect for the rapidly approaching season its influence on the big matches will be watched with much curiosity." AND the " Ecboist" is in a meditative mood, and thus is he delivered:—" This is a miserable world, in which a business man, let him be never BO constant in shutting up his ledger and taking his probable customers round the corner to have a drink, caunot be sure of happiness from day to day. And amongst other professions it is certain that the showman's life is not so overcrowded with happiness as to make it pall upon him. Agonising news comes from Bremen, for instance, which will make all the exhibitors of dwarfs and giants and waxworks and wild animals in this country wish that they were comfortably dead. The early days of May are to witness the arrival in London of a Greek peasant with a wonderful skin, whose properties are such as to make the late lamented St. Januarius turn in his grave. Instead of perspiring the usual kind of oleagiueous chloride of sodium, as do his brother Greectrs, this young man has a patent exudation of his own. He sweats blood. Give him an anvil aud a 6ledge-hammer and room according to his strength, and in ten roinuteB the perspiring hero will be suffused with the ' ruby' in sufficient quantities to remind a modern prize-fighter of the good old days that are gone, when pugilists used to hit at each other's noses till tbey tapped tbe claret in heroic measure. Mr. Cantharidomiltiadithemistopulos is twenty-five years of age, and has been sweating blood at intervals since 1879. It was at first considered a sign of weakness, but he is now in first- class health, and prepared to take engagements and do his sweating at so much per sweat. And no doubt he will be popular. It seems hard that all the good old-style favourites, like General Mite and the two Macs and Irving, should be exposed to financial trouble through the advent of a blood-yielding phenomenon like this, without dramatic education, and gifted with a name like a fishing- rod, that has to be taken to pieces before he can go to bed; but such is the universal lot of mankind. If this Greek party would only yield genuine milk when tickled, or treacle, or tin tacks, or something, the profession might possibly respect him. When a tatooed Greek nobleman comes herewith a million punctures on his skin, the profession and the press are always willing to eit up of nights to count them. If a Greek Princess arrived in similar habiliments we would turn out as one man and serve her just the same. But a base-born, blud- beg pardon, gory peasant in a constant sanguinary perspiration? Shall we make him welcome ? I trow not; and when it comes to trowing, gentlemen, tbe ' Echoist' oau trow as well a& here aud there one." AND again :—" A correspondent, who signs himself 'Juggins,' writes to ask our editor 'how long eels , live?' and, of course, the question has been handed over to me. Well, Juggins, that is an easy one. Long eels live just about the same way as short ones db—only a bit more so, for short eels are general]* the ones 1 catch when I go fishing, aud I gather fronjithis that the longer ones live longer. When I am fishing, the long 'uus just come on read the name of the patent on the hook, stand on their'heads and wiggle their tails at me, and then go off to church to attend to their souls—for souls aud eels always go together. But what boots it to inquire these things? Long eels live as well as they cart, Juggins, and if you live any better, Juggins, you re a better man than I take you for." AND yet again:—"The profession of a male ballet-dancer would, on casual reflection, seem about as good and safe and useless a berthas a man could have, next to that of a king or an Italian general. But casual reflection might in this, as in most cases, make a mistake You never know all about a thing until you ve studied it, or read some Echoes about it, and casual reflection is just the saddest ass of a guide that you can ever find on any road. The Italian papers report that a gentleman dancer was doing a pas de deux with a HdUe. Marianna at the Bologna Theatre the other night, wheu the lady accidentally raised her foot a bit too high, aud the male dancer had a broken jaw to go to bod with ae well as a loss of several front teeth. The moral of this —looking at it from the most piou6 standpoint I am capable of-is that dancing is a wicked and iniquitous practice, and that Mdlle. Marianna must have a fine lee I might think of other remarks to be made on this topic, but tbe subject of ladies' legs is one that I don't care much about myself, and so, 1 think, 111 leave the other remarks that might be made about this matter to the pen of my poor but almost honest editor, who knows more concerning such things than I ever want to know." OL1MPUS. A. E. WALDROti {Captain of the Norwood Team) GEORGE A. C00MBE8 (Yice-Captain of the Norwoods) MR. It. E. KIPP1ST (Manager of the Norwood Team) 