j Ibdtii ObU ertcer, Publidewd Eretry Friday .fMorning,. FIIDAY, JANUARY 6, 1888. COUNCILB. The Eltham and Whittlesea Councils will meet on Monday next. MARKETS. Robertson, Capos and Co. (Into D. Lovelock) in our advertising columns notify the dotes of the Morang, Lilydnle, and Wallan nmarkets to be held this" iMontlh. CLAlIIN-OUOT SALE. Stratford Strettlo and Co. notify a clearing.out salo at Archwood, Dimnond Creek, on Monday next, Oth inst. Full particulars in our advertisilg columns, CRICKET. A cricket match was played on tlhe 2nd inst. between the Yarra Flats and Tilydnlo.cluhs, on the ground of the former, and resulted in a victory for the local loam by 20 runs. lllLE CLUB NILLIIUMoItK. It is proposed to sond a teantl to Sydney to take part In the Contennial Competition to be hold in February; and as several crack shots have lately enrolled, we have no doubt this spirited club will be well represented, A selection will shortly be made, and the nnlnts of tlhe team announced forth. with, . DSTIRUOTION O Plait. A wcrk or so back we stnted it was our bedief that dynamite cartridges wore exploded in the River Yarra, nonr the loot of Watson's Creek, for the purpose of procuring fish, We are now in a position to ateto that our sur miss is correct, On Stinday Inst this unlawful practiso was indulged in, and we trust the pollee: will at once take ctive' steps in the nmatter, the more'so aN we are informed that the cartridges tsel wore stolon,. VDTs eon I0 PeNO INc METRIn?s. SThe' Commissioner of Public Works notifloes n last Fridlay's Goveranaent G'anelto thet the distribution of the vote for 1888-0 for feoiting cemeteries will be taken into oonshloration as soon as possible, and requoels that all nppli cations for aidt furom this voto be ad dressed to the Secretary for Public Works, MUelbourne, on or before the 10th Janullary next. .Any application received after that date will not be considored, ltAtIItRUttS OuRtKtc. A pleasannt social gatlloring was held at Sunny Hollow, Barbor's Creek, on Saturday evening, with a two-fold object, namtely, that of colubrating the majority of Miss Susie L. HIughes and also saying farowell to 1887. A few frionds of the surronnding district were entertained at a chllamlpgno suplier. Th oevening passed most pleasant, visitors and relations discoursing strains of vlcal and ilstr'nlllntal mu111sic. The Ihallth of Miss S. L. liughes was pro posed by Mr. Wilson and rosponded to by Mr. Pools. Mr. Steer proposing the healhh of Mr. and Mrs. \Vilson, couplled with the name of llughcs, in eluding all memlibers alseal and preseit. Mr. Stewart King proposing the health ' of the ghosts coupled with that of Mr. T. Lack, who has lived with the family for uansy years and known tile young lady front her birth. She was on this occasioln the recipient of a handsoslo Sgold watch and clalin and other gifts. lihe singing of " Auld Loang Syine," in which all joined, terminated a very lceasnlt evening. WtIITT'T.E.RA. rllt. Robert Kennedy, the celeorated vocalist of the " Songs of Scotland," gave entertainnientlslat \Vhittlesea Free .Libraryton tl,,u onings q. Jappy 2nd and RS'd. Considoring the weCather thore was a good attentldance on both occasions, and MIr. Kennedy had a most appreciative audionce whose sytmpatihy ho called forth and helt till Ithe ndti of each concert., Mr. Mortimer,. the accompanist, also tsntg solme Iish and English songs in a very pleasing mannor. Mr. Kennedy's songs con sistod of solections of Scottish melodies, humourous and patletio, rendered in a ) masterly and artistic matnner in which the vocalist's fine, flaxible, sympathetic tenor was heard to advantage. The songs were interspersed with anocdotes racy anld ltUnorons, illustrative of the songs, and characteristic of tito Scotch people and coulltry. One thinl of the results of each concert tMr. Kennedy, at the wish of Mrs. Graham, generously gave in aid of the repniring fund of Christ Chirch Sunday school. Mr. J. R. Smith drlove Mr. Kennedy from WVallan and gave all nteedful assistance ins the necessary arrangements of tile concert, which terminated by the audience joining with tihe vocalists in singing " Auld Lang Sync" and with ninny wislles of aga I having the pleansure of welcoming Mr. Kennedy to Whittlesea. A terrible racing accident occurred on thie Rnndwiok racecourse yesterday eftornoon (says Tuosdtlay's Aqe) when thie rice for Tattersall's Cup was being run, the result being that Alex. Robert. son, tlhe well known jockey, was so badly injured that his chance of recovery is considered hopeless. Tweolv horses started for the race, anti as they approached tile turn into the straight Vespasia fell and Silvormine, Robert son's horse, tell over lier, ltivsder then falling over the pair. Silvermino was fatally injured, and Robertson whlen first picked tp, was thoughlt to be deoad. Ho was convoyed to St. Vincent's IInospital, wheoro io was found to be suffering from a fracture of tile base of the skull, caused by some of the horses either treading or fallings.ou him. At a lato Ihour last night the jockey was in a most critical condition, and was not expected to live. There is scarcely a better known jockey on the Australian turf thtn Robertson, who Ihas beeoon riding horses always good enonugh to run into places for years past. ' Heo has' riddon the winnersa-of nearly all the chief races of Australis, includinig the Melbourne, Adelaide Australian, and Hobart Cups and thi I Sydney, Metropolitan Stakes ; while lip las ridden second and thinl for those anti other events so often that he gained the charaoter of being always good I enough to back fora place. Tie pIublic' will remembor Iris brilliant wins of the Melbourno Cup.on Mnalua in 1884, and I on the same liors in the Australian I Cup of 1880, and his groat but un- t successful oflorts to wiln the Oaulficld Cup ot Silvermino on two occasions, a and thie Molbourne Cup onl Trentotn and Silvyrmina, will not have beeCn, forgotten: Silvormine was a most uln lucky "horse, 'and Robertson was geneorally, assoiattd with hint whent he i1 ran secbnd or third, as Its did for tSe ti Nowmarkeet :Handicap, Sydney Cup, D CaulfliFl Cup aid the Melbourne Cup d of 1880,' as well as the Caulfield andti t Melbotirnoe Cups of 1887. All racing ti mon Wyll regrot that so good a horse y should siavo'so disastrously endedl what \as"; prolnising career, and it csnt only be hoped that the jockey's injuries smay S not?prove fatal also. . 1 'A younlg, womlan colmmtaittel suicid? I by:throwtiig herself into the Ytrra Inst In nighst' (saygs Tuesday's A1.:) the ansee f presentlng, similar feattures to -the c suicide of a young woman named Ethel 1+ Cox, which occurred Inst woek. Alidt i k a qnt'tor to 11 o'clock satl, jaumptl ~r11' the Queon's whsrf, betwent thie vCesi'i n lina and V'icto'ia, nsd ton reacing b ths water, screamead out,. Mr. Iloiory I OGrey, chief stoswal of the J'tlint,g owhlos asttntion tas thns directed to 8 lwhat had occurred, imnttediately dived ilto the river after hIor; but slio s ougled to get away frons him, tind I tsIldsg thsat hu was btlng diraggillc under, ihe wns reluclnnatly contpulled 'to lot hor go. Polic-contstbleo ChandtlS I thoa trrived ol thi scee, andt wit I tie assistance of others astceootded ,inn draggling ithe bodtly outt Itn ithu coui'so of alif an our. 'Tfio deccrisod was takelln to too tnorglo, btlt Ihatl not. boon idontitled up to the tisti of outr gIoitg to press. She was respeooltnbly dressdec In a blnck cnashiero dress, dark cottoet. I stokinlgs tnd patoet button shoos, ier ago hointg apparently 80 years, sndt holghtt t fct? 4 tIlheos, sihe had a.wllttb. ' npron in heIr pooket, Mr, Cray acted 8 withl great pluck attd prossptituds in' t the manttoer, andtl rlskedoi Ilis own lift, l y for whon Iq o was r asouod bly tse aid ri a rope hIo weas.much oxhausted. 