CHAPTER III. "CONG BATU LATIONS1" " I do bescech you-chiefly that-1 may set it in my prayers-what is your nauio?"-Siiaksi'kaue. It Mra. Cavendish had secret misgivings lest the halcyon days ahe was now enjoying should end in some violent catastrophe, the news that Sara whispered in her ear, while the attention of the others was fixed upon the ensuing'race might have amply reassured her. She felt as though her highest earthly ambitions were gratified; as though, like Simon, she. would have been content " to depart in peace," if there had not been so many new and delightful interests left to live for. The danger ot joining two young people together upon no surer basis than the one that George and Sara had just estab lished would never have, occurred to her simple mind. Affinities-physical and moral -subtle sympathies and antipathies, upon which the,happiness anil shipwreck of so many lives depend, were considerations beyond her mental grasp. She had never heard them discussed in her generation. She did not even know of (heir existence. To her it seemed the most natural thing in the world that the young people should have " taken a fancy to each other," and though Sara had never shown much family affection, Mis. Cavendish had not the smallest doubt that she would follow the natural order of things wheB she was married, and develop into a very fond wife So she wiped her eyes behind her veil, and held her daughter's hand tightly, while she repeated, " Oh ! my dear, my dear!" as the only outlet for an overflowing heart, until Mr. Piper, who had guessed how matters stood, by seeing George and Sara return together, inquired " what was wrong with his sister Bess?' " Oh, dear ! don't ask me," said poor Mrs. Cavendish, looking very frightened. *' And there's Sara won't forgive me, I know; but I was taken so sudden, Tom, and I hope you approve, tor I'm sure her pa won't sanction anything without you approve." " Ab! / know all about it," said Mr. Piper. " they don't make a fool of me, do they, Squirrel V turning to Louey, who had been watching the disturbed expressions of tbe group with grave sympathy. " You take and kiss your cousin, quick, your Bister that's to be, and you tell her from me (hat I don't think Georgedeserves as good as she, nor as handsome, there now." And this was all the revenge that Mr. Piper took for being called upon to disburse three thousand pounds. But no one but himself knew the full extent of his riches, and he wasr rid of a nightmare thlt had weighed upon him heavily for more years than he could remember. It mattered little to anyone, in tbe excite ment of the moment, that Mr. Piper's orders were not literally carried out, and that Looey kissed her cousin Margaret instead of Sara. But that tbe olil-world child had any design in the action would have been impossible of supposition it she had not at'the same moment fixed ber sweet, solemn grey eyes upon her brother with an earnest, searching look, as though she wpuld have read through his very soul. It George had ever felt like a Judas it was at this particular moment, when he encountered Louey'a eyes, but Poppet was a privileged person. So he contented himself by passing his hand across the wist ful little face to change its expression, and then turned to his future iather-in-law. Mr. Cavendish had only one thing to say, but that thing was of the last importance. He led the young man to tbe extreme end of the lawn to say it, fur it was not a matter to be cried aloud on the housetops, nor to be alluded to otherwise than with' extreme caution and delicpcy. George made up his mind thst it would refer to tbe question of settlements, or to the necesity of his insuring his life, and he resolved to reter Mr. Caven dish to his father. But it had to do with neither of these. "I am placed," began Mr. Cavendish clearing his throat, "in an extremely delicate position. I am quite aware tbat my dear child's^ fortune is in no way in conformity with her birth-with ber birth, you under stand me, my dear sir "Oh! never mind about that," interrupted George hastily. "I've more than enough for both, you know." " And I could have wished," sighed Mr. Cavendish, unheeding the interruption, " that all might have been in due proportion -that the fortune on her side and-ahem you won't mind my saying so-that tbe birth on i/our's, might have been a-a harmoniously balanced." George held his peace. He was afraid now of saying something he might regret, and this man was after all his father's guest, and dependent upon his bounty. "There is only one way out of the diffi culty that I can see," continued Mr. Caven dish, "pending the discovery of some very important documents, which will throw, I have no doubr, a satisfactory light on your family history- previous, at least, to that little derogation connected with your father's early settlement in Australia ; pend ing this discovery, I say, would you- would you " "NVould I put off the wedding? Not-on any account," said George shortly. .'No!" replied Mr. Cavendish. "I was not going to ask quite such a sacrifice of you. I was going to ask whether you would" Jig obliging enough to adopt tbe Cavendish crest -to have it used, I mean, for carriages, plate, Bilver, jewellery-all that kinjl, of thing; in short," he added airily, "you see I am not .quite au, courant of the armorial bearings of the Piper fataily, and it is most essential that there should be no pre cipitancy in my mode of research. But a wife uiciyContinue to employ her own crest, and I believe may confer upon her husband the privilege of using It also-at least I will look up the proper authorities on the subject without loss of time." "Sara shall do she pleases, uncle," answered George, aftega moment's reflection. She has carte bldqchcMi course, ip all matted of that kind." But Before the day was over, he found occasion to^form his cousin of the interview. , . " I hope you don'tpbare your father's pre judices," he 8aid,J"fdo>ou Want me to strut about like a jay ia borrowed plumes too. Sara ? . You know I'm a roturier, pure ana simple, aud I should be only -ridiculous if I pretended to be anything else." > . " Ob, no, you're not/' said Sara, wincing in spite of herself, " please don't say that-; it's nothing to have 'roughed it-isn't tbat what you call it here ?-in the early times, as your father .did. And, by-the-by, George, . if you don't mind my "asking, who teas youi mother f " An honest woman-don't laugh, Sort-it was something to be honest in thosfe dbya, I can tell you. She was matron, 1 believe, on board a fconvictship that (ookja load of con vieta to Tasmahia-^so 4be' wis one of the very few resprctabU females in Hobart-and occupied t?d^op^|i^titioD in coobo* that &owr; mutf Sara, after a long pause, during. which she had been diciplining herself not to betray her mortification, " nothing more ?" " Nothing more, excepting that her name was Mary Ann, and that she died when I was quite a small child." Sara made no more enquiries. If her sen sations could have been analysed, something very Jike resentment towards George would have been found therein. He need not have been so brutally outspoken in his answers. He need not have despoiled her bo ruthlessly of the last vestige of an illusion. There have been great and noble ladies who have undertaken missions to savage countries and who have been reformers of prisons too. Why should not the former Mrs. Piper have been allowed the benfit of the legitimate dov.bt that might have rested' upon the nature of her calling? Sara felt' that there was good reason for the secret irritation excited by her cousin's words. He should take more account of her well-founded susceptibilities. He should remember that money was not everything. . . . But money is a great deal, as she owned within herself an hour later while enjoying the luxurious repose of the perfectly-hung landau during the homeward drive from the races. After1 all the matron of the convicts might hare been a lady. In all caBes she was buried out of sight, and the actual prospect of buying a' tronsseau that would realise the most ecstatic day-dreams might be accepted as a set-off against the doubtful antecedents of a deceased mother-in-law. On the whole Sara was well pleased with the ^opening of her first New Year at the Antipodes, and quite prepared to see the future through the golden base that had enveloped her ever since her arrivaL Not BO Mr. Cavendish. That gentleman was by no means certain that he was doing his duty as a Cavendish by sanctioning a fresh mesalliance in his family. Sara, it is true, was the fruit of a first one, for which Mr. Cavendish himself had been respon sible. But whether this were a reason for being more or less severe in the exercise of his paternal functions when a second one was threatened it was quite beyond him to decide. He inclined to the first point of view, when Mr. Piper slapped him on the back as they returned to thts house, and ex claimed that they would " take and lix the young 'uns off before they had time to change their minds." But the evening that wound up the day's festivities, and the undoubted extra superfine quality of the old Burgundy in which the healths of the engaged pair were pledged, inclined him to take a more lenient judgment And Margaret? The grave and gentle per plexity that had overshadowed her counte nance ever since the astonishing news had burst upon her gave way to an expression of the most anxious sympathy as soon as she was alone with her sister. " Dear Sara, it is so sudden !" she said, putting her arms round Sara's neck. "Have you had time to think?" "I can't do better, that I can see," said Sara. "Everyone isn't as romantic as you are, Maggie. One might have a worse hus band than George, and I'm not likely to find a richer one." "A richer one?" repeated Margaret; " then it must be as I think. Do you know, Sara, I do believe your heart has never been touched the least little bit Not the least little bit If it had been you couldn't talk as you do. You couldn't ignore the existence. | of such things as love and longing so com pletely. Doesn't inclination count for any thing in your notions of marriage then ?" " I can't imagine having an inclination for a poor man," replied Sara, yawning. "But don't, let's argue, for heaven's sake. I'm going to marry George, and I'm going to have just the kind of trouBsean I've always imagined I should like. One can get nearly everything in Melbourne, and I can buy the rest when we go home. Uncle Piper wants the wedding to be as soon as possible, yoa know." "And you?" " I f Ob, I don't care. I don't see that there's any particular reason for putting it off. By-the-by, Maggie, I wonder whether Laura Lydiat would care about being my bridesmaid. Of course you and Louey would be the others." " She might," said Margaret, doubtfully. "Somehow I don't feel sure. And yoa know how she and Uncle Piper dislike each other. . . . And Sara, dear, it might be as well to leave Miss Lydiat and her brother out of the question- unless-of course unless things are quite different from what one thinks." " What a goose you are, Maggie," was Sara's only rejoinder, the colour rising to her cheeks as she turned to ring for the maid. '. Who would have dreamed of invitiug Mr.. Lydiat ?" But the question presented itself awk wardly, nevertheless. What if the clergy man chose to take upon himself play the part of Banquo's ghost at the festival ? And ought she to let George have any suspicion of that episode in her life connected with him? The thought was instantly dismissed. As well make her lover declare whether he had ever kissed Miss Lydiat in the course of his existence, and exactly at what point the undoubted llirta | tioa between them had been arrested. The event of the week in the publishing world (says the Pall MalHiazette of February IG) has been the way in which it has rained Carlyles. The copyright of books lasts for 42 years, or for seven years after an author's death, whichever term is the longer. In the case of Carlyle's earlier books it is the latter term. He died on February 5, 1881. The copyright of the books expired, therefore, on Sunday last, and already two of the publishers have produced cheap editions of 'i'he French Hevolution. Messrs. Uoutledge have issued it in three Cd. paper volumes, in the^style o£ "penny dreadfulsand Messrs. Ward and Lock in one volume, of neater appearance, ex cellently printedonexcellentpaperatis. This is a marvel of cheapness, and shows what a large popular sale is expected for the book. But "intending" purchasers it they can afford an extra shilling or two would do well to buy instead tbe new cheap edition with which Carlyle's own publishers, Messrs. Chapman and Hall, have forestalled their rivals. This edition;is*printed from the stereoty ped plates of the " People's Edition but the old brown clothJias been superseded by neat ted, and the price is a mulling a volume instdid^of shillings. Such are the advantages of competition. It would be interesting to know which of Carlyle's books haabeen the best piece of property. Thficash of the publishers to the French Revolution would 6eem to suggest that book, but it must be remembered that a sixpenny edition of Savior JResariue baa been for some " years. In the market; otherwise that, no doobti would have been the first book to appear this week. Twenty years ago, when it was re-issued at Is., 20,000 copies Sftold immediately. Next to SarU>r tbe otorituc book was, I believe, i of which, in spite of its great length, 4,000 . copi* were sold immediatelyon jmMicaUcm, , BectotUIAdaral 