RUNNING GHOSTS TO EARTH. (TBE BOSTON" CtOBE. ) Tackling spirits, seizing apparitions by the I throat, ' nailing hallucinations, peering into lu anted houses, and bearding spooks iu their dens, experimenting with thought trant-ference and mesmerism, and in general monkeying with all the unfathomable mysteries of the human soul— this is the unique occupation of a body of learned men called the American Society for Psychical Research, In a back room of a mode3t-looklng house in Boyiestoo place is the headquarters of the society's secretary, Richard Hodgson, LL..D. In this simple room, filled with books, pamphlets, and ciroalats, sits the man who hopes that his efforts will aid in solving the riddle that all the sages of all the nations have given, up in vain — tho "riddle of the painful e-rth." He hopes not many years will elapse ere sati faatory answers .can be given to - these world-old questions : What is mind? What is the soul? Is it immortal? What is life and what is death? He hopes that Nature's eupremest secrets will ba wrung by force trom her bosom, and marvellous revelations will be made to mankind. And this know- loAno will nnh hn the resnll of anv arguments or of hoaatifally eonstructsd theories, but of hard frozen faote. I)r Hodgson Is an Englishman, about thirty-seven years old, a graduate of Cam bridge University, a profoundly learned scholar, and a Jovel-headed man of muoh sound common sense. He is an en:hnsisBt, and- is devoted, heart and soul, to the work of the American Society for P-ychic vl Re search. He certainly doesn'i look like a man who hobnobs' with ghosts, and is on spe iking time with spirits. In. his clerical work, which includes a vast correspondence, he is aided by a - good,- robust-looking blonde appar tion.l Sue U aleo yonng and quite pretty. With a somewhat indistinct utterance, which scuds along at abitit twenty-two knots an hour, Dr Hodgson told the writer bout the work of the Society for Psychical Research. ' Oar society was formed, be said, 'for the purpose ."f making, an organised and systematic attempt to investigate tbat dark border land of human experience, and to examine critic illy the phenomena which are not now explained by any satisfactory theory. Scientific men of eminence in all countries adnrt the possible existence of what the uneducated call ghosts or spirits ; and farther, that ono mind may exert upon another a ncsitivo Influence otherwise thBn hr ugh the recognised sensory channels.' ' That is, you mean to say, doctor, that if, for instance, you aro in Timbuctoo, and I in Osbkosh, I may feel my mind under an influence emanating -from yours, wbich thus annihilates time and space?' Exacrly,' be replied. ' And our society is endeavouring to collect from reliable sources such facts, because if they are ouce loconteatably established they will prove of the highest importance. 'The chief dap inmentB of our work are:— '1. An examination of the naturo and extent of any influence which may be exerted by ono mind upon another in what is popularly called a supernatural way. 2\. Tha study of hypn -tism and mes merism, and the phenomena of olairvoyanoe. 3\. An Inquiry as to the existence of re lations hitherto unrecognised by sclenoe between living organisms and magnetic and electric forces, and between living , and inanimate bodies. '4 A oareful investigation of and reports, resting on a'roug testimony, of apparitions OQuurriog at the moment of death or other- wise, and of disturbances in houses reputed to be haunted 5; An inquiry into various alleged phystcil phenomena, commonly called spiritualistic 'In acqordance herewith the research work of our society is divided amoDg five committees, all of wbioh are presided over hv men of unauestioned ability, learning. nd fairness. Professor H. P Rowditcb, of Harvard, is ch»irman of »be Committee on Thought Transference; Professor Josia-- Royce ot the Committee on Apparitions and Haunted H m-e3 ; C. B. Cortey, a well known Bostonian, of the Committee on Hypnotism ; Dr W. N. Bullard, of Boston, of the Committee on Mediomietio Pheno mena ; and Professor C S. Minst, of Har vard, of the Committee on Experimental Pavcholouv That doesn't look like a coHecion of cranks, does it ? Our society is composed of men of all sorts of beliefs and no beliefs Some are Spiritualists, some materialist, some theists, and some agnostics, but all intent on the discovery of the truth, not by argnmeKfe and ratiocination, -bat along tbe lims of incontestable experience ' Would an inquiry »s to y ur own per sonal belief be- impertinent, doc or?' Well, I suppose, I should ; be probably c ailed a Spiritualist. A number of years go, when Jl wae a student in otmor oge, England, 1 met a man, an utti r stranger to me I have sufficient cause for belic-ving hit he knew nothing, whatever about me or my past 1 fs. And yet this man told me, with such minutenoss of detail, circum stances and events which . I knew every n- e but myself to be ignorant of that I was forced to confsss his miraculous insight ' When te writer locked a little incredu- oue and ventured to interpose an explan - tlon of the -phenomenon, the doctor interrupted him aud p oceeded This m»n, whom I met almost by acci- 'ent, described to ms wi:,h .absolute fidelity o truth the peco'iar manner of my cou-in't- death in Aas raliv twelve yqars previous 'where I was then living. He said be saw my, oouxin p-esent with us i" the room, .whhro he aud T were, sitting alo- e. talking juat as yon and I ire, talking now. He told mei of ony boyish pranks together and of little, childish secrets that' my cousin and I bad between ourselves." He described, 'With -perfect truth, many- insignificant .and yet'./ ." '... i» enduring Impressions rooelved when 1 was a -A.; ; . j- youth. In fast, my whole paBt' life lay , V before him like an bpen baok, He read my' " ' p inmost soul, , ...... > - I was at the time, aa sjaort of recreation,: , , investigating spiritualism, and from the ' j uamber of frauds I had come aoroaB you may imagine how hard I was to conyiaoe. " ' But this experience was sufficient to over - coms my scepticism. ' Another inoident of a different character, ; however, which game within my personal ' " knowledge, served to confirm my belief that mind acts upon mind independently of', nutter or of time and apace- An English ' - lady . of my acquiintanoe living In Lindou Baw. suddenly before her one afternoon the figure of her eister, . clad I in a Bbroud, and with her hair cut clo3e to ber head. This sister was at ; the time on tho voyage home from India! 1$ afterward proved that on the very day and at the very hour when my lady friend ' saw the apptriiion her sister died on board the vessel. She had had her hair cut off to ecna to her friends at home as a souvenir.' 'Why do not a few such instances as these, if incontrovertibly proved, establish your !theory beyond all possibility of donht V 'Because,' replied Dr Hodgson, aa he UlAUU ilia pipo, wo uro ronauuiug ituui to theories, and not vice versa. The more fao.ta we have the more solid is our foundation. That would be a very ' troacberouB structure which was placed only on one frail post. A theory of thought transference baBod on one or two or even a hundred cases, however well attested, would have no value. The existence wi uun ability aFBiv uuui nun uuuy rvuuiu iiu s prove the existence of other spiri-s. The fulfilment of one dream, the reality of one apparition, tha verification of the premono tion, might bo called a coincidence, and the' man who should attempt to build a theory ' on it would be justly ridiculed. But give us out of 10 000 dreams, apparitions; or. premonitions 1,000 which are verified,! and r the plea of mere coincidence no longer holds.' 'Do yon anticipate satisfactory results;- v.v » iruui liue aouisiy s mvesiagutious ; ' Yee, personally, l ean say. that I do. But: the work is far from being aompleted. We have a vast amount of evidence, but it ia not-, yet examined and sifted. A great deal of- it - - is, of course, utterly worthless. The replies to on; circulars asking for .parsonal experiences are still coming in, and ii will be months before tangible results can be an nounced.' ' Do you consider the haunted honse - branch of the psychical bqsinesa a dividend#. , . paying one?' Toe enthusiastic doctor gave; the ques tioner a quizzical look, drew three or four staccato whiffs a: his pipe, and said : 'No, that seems to me the moat unsatisfactory part of our work, although several incon testable and unexplained facts, have been gathered.' . - The Society for Psychical Research guards ite gathered materials with 'great seciecy. Its rich fnnd of fact, is not published uutil . ,t tbey have been passed upon and thoroughly examined by tbe various committees ; even then the names of those who contribute their experiences are in no case furnished to the public. Among the following are some of the movt. astounding facte on the record : Ou 1st January, 1S3G, at 10 a.m., Mrs T., a lady living in a Western town, writes to a member of Congrese, the husband of her daughter, in Washington. Dr Hodgson has seen the original letter. Tbis letter explains a telegram which Mrs T. had sent only three hours before, inquiring about her daughter's health The original of thia telegram has ai-o necn seen oy ur noogson. xuo telegram reads : To Hen ,Hoa'e oi Represent W<v»hltn»- :oa. u O.— I cn. wUI come if Nell seeds me. The signature is the mother's name. Mrs T. 's letter of explanation first Bays that she has been for some days anxious about her daughter ' Nellie's health, although there . had been no illness of late. Letters from'' Washington bad bsed lacking for some days ; she last ono had reported the daughter as having just returned from mskuig fifteen cails, 'very tired, and nearly frozen.' ' I waked.' sayB Mrs T., ' last night between 12 and 1 o'clock, deeply impressed with the feeling that Nell needed me, I wanted to get up and send a telegram. If I -had consulted or followed my own in clinations. I would have dressed and - gone down to tbe Bidtingroom.' Later, however, Mrs. T. wens to sleep again ; but in the morning the vivid impression returned A: 7 a.m. Mrs. T. sent tne telegram, and wrote apparently befoin she received an answer, lor in tho margin of the letter is added the poster: p s : 'Telegram here; thank goodness you are well." The lady in-.; Washington, whose mother had had ; so vivid an experience, had been seriously ill during ths same nLht, although the morning had found her much better. Her attack was a very Budden one, .. I.IaU alta rlfti-nrihiltl 111 nliritlnil (if tbB WUIUU DUO — — o lungs, ivith a hard chill. ' It must -have been,' she says, ' about the hoar mentioned . in' my mother's letter that I at last exclaimed " Oh, don't I wish ma was here r I shall send for her to-morrow if I am not better."' In the morning came the telegram from the West, but the patient was better, and she and her husband w re puzzled at her mother's uneasiness, and replied by telegraph : ' We are »11 well ; what is the matter »ith you ?' _ , " A Boston lady, whose position is an abso- , luio guarantee of perfect good faith, wrote from Hamburg, Germany, on 23rd June lastt to her si6ter, who was at that time to Boston:— 'I very nearly wrote from tha Hague,' says the letter, tp say that I wan very thankful when we. had a letter from yon on 18th June saying that you were well and happy. On the nigh'- oi the 17tu I had what I supposed to be a m.nt- mare ; but it ab seemed to belong toyou and to be a horrid pain in yonr head, as if it. were being forcibly jimmed into an Iron oasque or some such ..leaeant instrument ot torture. The queer part of it was my own dLa88o-3iation fro -i the pain the conviotiou that it was yours. This letter, written from Europe six days after the nightmaro, leaves no room for supposing that any now forgotten correspondence had passed meanwhile, te is, therefore, inter esting to find, on a hill made ont by a pro minent Boston dentist, under date oi 19-n June of last year, and addressed to the— . , t _ v _ 3 okAtn fkn (nfPOflinff < ba»band oi »ne laay l" wuv" ® . 3 letter was wri'ten, an item for one and two- third hours' work on 17ihJune. lew also int- resting to learn from Che lidy m question that this work was performed for herse'f, and was done upon a very painfnl filling. The discomfort succeeding this wort. continned as a dull pain for some hours, must have been simultaneous with her sister's nightmare. , An _. old gentleman 1'vmg a- Altooy hrt;: : been i-1 for montns. qw o . resided at Worcester. One evening last , summer she suddenly laid down thebook. . f she was reading and said to her husband . .. «I believe lather is dytng. Bhe. W» strangely overcome by toe impression, «fl there had been nothing whatever in th» conversation or to ber own thoughts to lead - - to the subject of. her father's health. AH. ; that evening and the next morning tha feeling haunted her, until a despatch oama Ha, ing that her father had died the evening laafAVa A Lowell physician was called to res- !" a patient about 10 o'clock one night. It was extremely dark, and to aPghting from his conveyaBoe ho , ji . made a misstep and sprained bin', v ankle severely. His wife, who was at home, in bed asleep, suddenly awoke with the vivid impression that an aocidsnt had oc- i o-rred to her husband. She arose, awakened i the servant, Bnd communicated her fer8 to her, Nothing pould induce her' to return to ' bed At 1 o'clock the dootor returned, and' " V it was found that the moment of the a cidepfc. ' and of his wife's awakening were simuh». taneous. He was three miles away, from, home st the time A yonng lady of Boston wis visiting her nnole at Montpsller, V.t, He bad but recently moved' there, and she had nevVj- heen in the Green Mountain S'ate bs f-rs. The day after her arrival na.rl I took' her to a jswel'er's. to see a timepiece whioh "had boen ntQnRQqtql local newspaper. This jeweller was a "Pftfeot stranger to both nnole and niece, neither having heard of him before. Tbe agentjeman introduced himself, and made feqwyn hie errand, and presented hie nieoe. TTfirjeweller, a very courteous, affable man »«tretched out his hand to tbe young lady. "Bel eyes caught sight of it, ahe turned pile. tagan to t rem nle. and did not take the proffered hand. On leaving tbe store she sain to her uncle, I could not shake -iiau.'to with thai uian j i>ouru ia b'ootl on hi-, fingers. He is a murderer.' Her uncle uridTculed tbe idea, hut it was afterwards -learned that thirteen ye»rs before the jeweller bad been indicted for murder, although, owing to tbe breaking down of a "witness who at tbe first examination had -to'u a serai. xuiuivvaru oiury, no uau esuapeu toOJviotion. Mrs J., living in tbe suburbs, had spent he c ornicg shopping in Boston. She says. I returned home by train ju? t in time to isit down with my children to dinner. - Mj youngest, a sensitive,, quick-wit'ed little maiden of three yeBrs, was one of Ihs circle. Dinner had just commenced when I ecd- denly recollected an incident of the morning shopping experience, which I meant to tell her, and I looked at the child with tbe fnll "'Intention of ssying, ' Mamma saw a b»g black dog in the store,' catching her eye- in. mine as 1 paused an instan before sp' aking .7ut then eome<bing called off my attention -and the senteoce was not uttered Two mirntes later, imagne mv astonishment to hear my little girl exclaim, ' Mamma eaw a big dog in a store.' 'Yes I did,' I rgesped, bat how do you kn-w ¥ With .fnnny hair,' she added, calmly ignoring any qneetion. ' What colour was it ?' 'Black.' !Now it was utterly impossible for Ibe child "to have been given even the slightest hint of tbe incident as I was alone in town, and had mot seen my children nntil I met them at the dirter table. \- Here is a narrative, vonched for by the highest authority of experience, in a house some miles from Worcester The man.who send 8 it is a well known manufacturer, and Bis word is as good as his bond, which would be honoured anywhere for lOO.OOOdola, He -wrote:— I» relating what I saw on a July morning in 1SS3 at my house, which I had hot recently pDrobased, I will first describn the room it. which I saw it. It is a bedroom, with a win- d.ow at either end, a door and a fireplace at -opposite eides. The room isin tbe upper story sf a two story honse, said to have been bnilt 'before the revolution. The walla are un usually thick, and the roof high pointed and uneven. The occupantB at the time I speak of were my brother Henry, myself, nd a servant woman. The latter slept in a room on the basement story. A hallw y divided my brother'e room from mine On -the night before the morning above men' ftioned I had looked my door, and having -undressed and pat ont my light, I fell into & sound, dreamless sleep, I awakened'- -about 3 o'clock in the morning wit'n my face to the front window. Opening my eyes, I -flaw before me the fignre ot a woman stoop- Jug down, and apparently looking at me. Her head and a- onlders were wrapped in a common grey woollen bawl. Ber sms were'folded and wrapped in the Bhawl. I looked at her in my horror, and dared not cry ont lest I might move tbe awful thing to speech or action. I lay and lovked. end felt as if I should lose my reasoi , Behind her bead I saw the wiodow and the growing dawn, the looking glass opon the toilet table, and the fnrnitnre in that part ofthe room. After whet may have been only a few seconds — of Ihe duration of this vision I cannot judge — she raieed hereelf and wen backward toward tbe window, stood at the toilet tahle end gradually v> iehed. I mean she grew by degrees transparent, and that through the shawl and the grey dress she wore I saw tbe white muslin of the "table cover again, and at last saw only that in the place where she had stood. For Hours I lay as I had lain on waking, not daring even to turn my eyes, lest on the Other, side of ihe bed i sho Id see her again How there is one thing of which I cou'd take my oath, and that is that I did not mention this circumstanoe either to my brother or to onr servant, or to any one ehe Exactly a fortnight afterward,, when sitting at breakfast," I noticed that my brother seemed ont nf sorts and did not eat On my asking if anything was tbe matte.-, He replied, 'No;, but I've had a horrible nightmare. Indeed,' he went on, it was no nightmare. It was early this miming, just as distinctly as I see you ' 1 What V I uvked. «A villainous-lockiDg hag,' he answered, 1 with her head and armB wrapped in a grey shawl, stooping over me and looking like this." He got up, folded Mb arms, and put him self in the post-ire I remembered so well He then described how the fignre moved towards the door and disappeared. 'Her maievo- 1-nt face and her posture struck terror lo my soul.' A year later, in 'ho moDth of July, one evening about 7 o'clock, my second eldest ister and her two little children, who were visiting us. were the only folks at home. ' The 6ldest child, a boy of five years, wanted a drink of water, and on Ievir.g the dining room to fetch it my sister desired the children to remain there ti 1 her retu h, she leaving the door open. Coming back as qnickly as possible shB met the boy, p»le and trembling on his way to her; and asked why he had left the room ' Oh.' he said, who is that woman ? Who is that woman?' 1 Where ?' she asked. ' That old -woman who went up Btsirs,' be answered. She tried to convince him that there .was no one else 'n the house, but he was so agitated Btid so eager to prove it that she took his trembling hand in hers and brought him tipstsirs, and went from one room to an other, he searching behind cue tuns and under beds, still maintaining that a woman did vo n» the stairs. My sieter rightly thought that the mere fact of a woman ptoing up Btairs in a house where she «as a stranger wonld not account for tbe child's terror. A neighbour of ours started when we Crat told him what we had seen, and then Asked if we had never heard that a woman Had been murdered in that honse many years previous to oar purchase of it. He said it had the reputation of being taunted This was the first in'imation we 2iad of the fact. ' On the night of the 7th Julv. 1SS6 1 was Wakened from a sound sleep by some one spoahi g close to me I turned round, say- -lug, Emily, what is it?' thinking that my sister, who slept in the rocm next to mine, tad oome in. I saw plainly the fignre of a woman, who deliberately and si'ently moved away, t-ward the door, which remained sbnt, as I had left it. Two days after this occurrence I was -wakened about 6 o'clock in the morning by a -presentiment of approaching evil. I opened any eyes, and distinctly saw tbe form of a «tarkly-olad, elderly female bending over me with folded arms and glaring at me with tbe anoBt intense malignity I tried to scream, and -trugeled to withdraw myself from her. when she slowly and silently receded back ward. and neemed to vanish' through the ledroom door.' 