OUR STORY. I I HOW HE WON" HER. 0N" the western bank of a large river in Central Queensland the old homestead of an abandoned cattle run is still visible to the traveller from the road. The baak has fallen from the sides of the house ; and nothing remains as a witness of the past but the heavy framework and a tumbledown stake fence. Some twenty-five years ago this was the property of Mr. Windham, who took up the country, and called it " Woodside." At the time our story opens he lived there with his wife and only child, a daughter. Let us take a glance at his home towards the end of October, 186—. The house is built of bark and has a wide verandah almost hidden by a passion vine. A stake fence incloses a small garden. The home paddock extends for about half a mile in front of the house, and is bordered by a large lagoon, known as " The Devil's Dip." Beyond that are many clumps of ti-trees, and some heavily\x=req-\ timbered country, backed by a range of hills (or " ridges" as they are called in Queensland). But let us return to the veraudah. Seated in an easy chair is a pretty girl of 18\. She has deep brown eyes, an impudent-looking nose, and a mouth with a " kiss me if you dare" expression about it. This is Clara Windham ; and as the afternoon sunbeams flash through the net- ' work of the creeper, and light up her winsome face, it would be hard to say, just then, whether she was inclined to '• laugh or cry. The fact is, this, young lady (who is a born flirt) feels decidedly j inclined to laugh ; but, for the sake of the woe-begone expression in the face of a young man who stands beside her chair, she tries to look serious. At last, looking up, she says : " Mr. Pringle, you seem to be unusually entertaining this afternoon. It is quite tea minutes since you threw down your whip, and made a leaning post of the verandah. How did the colt go this morning ?" " He threw me twice," answered Mr. Pringle ; " but you wouldn't care if he had broken my neck." Clara laughed quietly. "But," continued Pringle, "I hare come to speak to you seriously. Your father has made me overseer; and I am to have charge of the station when he goes to Sydney with you and yoac mother, next munth. Are you listening V "Oh, yes. How very delightful; bat why so very serious about it all, Mr. Pringle ?" " Because I hope to—to earn your love," he blurted out, gasping for breath, and flushing to the roots of his hair. " My what ? Ha, ha, ha J" Then rising from her chair, Clara said, " You mast not say such things to me. I like town and society too much to bury myself In the bash aud " but seeing his hopeless expression of face, she came a step nearer, and said kindly, " I am sorry if I have ever led you to suppose that such a thing could be. Indeed I am and she held out her hand, a strange smile hovering about her roguish lips. Tom grasped the hand (like a fool), saying, " I knew it was of no use ; but I could not help telling yon before yoa went away." ** Let us be friends, Tom," said Clara, " I couldn't go away happy leaving you so " " Miserable!" broke In Tom. He looked earnestly into her face. Those soft, brown eyes seemed to have a hidden mirth within their depths which set his heart on fire. As she stood there, with her hand in his, with a soft blush in her face, Tom seemed bewitched, and, drawing her suddenly to him, he pressed a burning kiss on her lips. Taken quite by surprise, poor Clara didn't know whether to cry or scream. Springing away from him, her eyes flashing reproachfully, she said, " I—I thought yoa were a gentleman, Mr. Pringle ! How dare you take such a liberty t" Then seeing his abject look of misery, she burst out laughing, and, holding out her hand again said, " I can't trust yoa now, but let us forget all this bother. I hate worry and trouble, and " But Clara Windham came to a full stop ; for standing in the verandah was Brally, the black boy. He wore a red shirt and dirty moleskin trousers, some four inches too short. His ears were pierced, and a pipe, a very short one, indeed, was thrust through one of them. " Now-Brally. what's Up -oaid Tom. Brally shook himself as he answered : "Big feller mob blackfeller sit down along Four-mile waterhole ; bail gammon, mas' Tom. That feller altogether plenty I stick, plenty tomahawk and he drew his finger across head, indicative of having it cut open. * I " Miss Windham do not tell your mo- J ther of this." Then, turning to Brally. ] Tom said, "Get yarraman and come : with me." j " Please do not go and leave us alone, ! Mr. Pringle," pleaded poor Clara, all the impudence dying out of her face. " I must go at once," said Tom. " Your father will be home soon ; please tell him I have gone to the Four-mile to see what the blacks are up to." He picked up his whip, and, looking to see whether the revolver he carried was loaded, went away towards the stock yard. 1 Poor Clara trembled. She was always hearing of bloodshed by the blacks, and, indeed, they had lately visited nearly evety station in the district. It was owing to some fresh outbreak that Mr. Windham determined to Bend his wife and daughter away. In a few minutes Clara saw Tom and Brally canter down the paddock, pass through the slip rails, and disappear amid bullocky; big feller the ti-trees. Her heart beat fast as she saw them go. It was a beautiful evening, and as Clara ■ stood there looking away into the hazy ! depths of the forest a sudden thought ! Beemod to strike her, for she clasped her j hands tightly together and murmured, "Oh, Tom, I believe I love you after !alL" j She was so engrossed by this thought | (the thought of giving up town and society) j that she did not see her father ride up j the paddock. He came up the garden, I saying, " Where's Tom, Clara ? I sent him home hours ago." " J " He has gone to the Four-mile; and, | oh, father, Brally has been here, and says there are a large number of blacks there." " Curse them," muttered Windham below his breath. He went to the hut, and telling the man to get fresh horses, came back to Clara, saying, " Clara, dear, say nothing to your mother about the blacks. Get me a drink of something and hurty up supper. H Tom does not turn up soon I must go and see after him." But Tom did not turn up. Supper was over. It was quite dark, and Mr. Wind\x=req-\ had gone away, taking hiB. man with him, leaving only the married couple in the kitchen to look after the place. He told Mrs. Windham that the cattle had broken the yards and got out, and he must see for them at once. i "It is very strange, Clara," said her mother, " the cattle breaking those yacds. Tour father is always saying how substantial they are." " Yes, mother; but perhaps these are some of the ontside cattle. They are always rowdy, you know." " Pray, Clara, do not such expressions. You seem to devote yourself to acquiring j all the slang of the station." Clara did not answer, and Mrs. Wind- ; ham continued, "I wish your father had not left us alone. I feel quite nervous. ' The blacks are always said to attack peo- I pie just after sundown, or just before daylight. Look at the tire flies, dear ; how J pretty ! I have never seen them so bright ! before!" j " Wbere ?" said Clara, trembling all, over, yet pretending she didn't see them, j She knew they were firesticks, but she j did not want to cause her mother anxiety I if she could possibly avoid it. " But i surely," she thought, "I ought to tell 1 her." j " Why, look," said Mrs. Windham. " Do you not see them in the ti-tree scrub over the lagoon ?" Clara's blood ran cold as she saw the j red lights in the scrub. Then, thinking j it best to tell her mother the whole truth, f she said, " Mother, those are firesticks. : The blacks are there, and " j " God help us!" said her mother, as j she ran to the kitchen, and, calling out to the man, said, "Jack, the blacks are j coming. What shall we do!" 1 At this moment Tom rifshed up, and seeing Mrs. Windham said, " Where is i Mr. Windham?" j " Gone to look for you," she replied. j " I haven't seen him. The blacks were ; following the creek down, making this i way ; and, fearing the worst, I came in with Brally. I have a plan," said Tom ; if it fails you must make for the scrub outside the yard. Do you hear, Jack ?" " Yes, sir ?" said the man. Tom led the way into the house, saying, " Light all the candles you can, Miss Windham ; and, as far as possible, avoid the appearance of fear." He ran to hiB bedroom and returned with a skull. He ■ next got the broom from the kitchen, and, tying a short stick on the end of it, thus made a cross. Then, turning to Mrs. Windham,he asked for a large double sheet and the tea-coaj. When these were given to him, he sprinkled the sheet with water, and, shaving off some of the end of the broomstick, took a small piece of candle. He then cut two holes in the sheet, saying, " I have played this game before. Do not be surprised at anything you see. There will be a terrible apparition at the lagoon. If it vanishes in silence, all is well. But if you hear a shot fired, run for the scrub at the back of the yard." Seeing all these preparations at any other time would have greatly amused Clara ; but she never even thought of laughing now. She helped to get whatever Tom wanted, running hither aud thither, with a face as pale as ashes. Tom made for the stake fence of the home paddock, and keeping well within its shadow ran down it towards the lagoon. This lagoon was a place of dread to the blacks. They would not swim there for any amount of tobacco. A " devil-devil" was ' fiUppuswl'tU iuiiairalCTS.' '' fltnoo~4La name it went by, " The Devil's Dip." So doubt it was greatly owing to this fear of the place that the blacks had not paid Mr. Windham's house a visit before. Cattle were often speared; but the homestead was avoided by the black wanderers. Tom knew how they dreaded the lagoon. So lie determined to work on their fears. He reached the end of the lagoon, and, getting beneath the shadow of a tree, climbed quietly over the fence. Stooping down, he found his way to a lot of fallen timber and stunted undergrowth. Here was an old hollow tree. He went inside this and quickly lighted the candle, and thrust it into the neck-hole of the skull. Blowing out the match, he thrust the broomstick's shaved end also into the ueck-hole of the skull, having first pushed it through the middle oMhe sheet. All was dark with the tree, as the skull jras j covered with the tea-cosy ; hence the light \ from the caudle could not be seen. Tom : then rubbed some heads of matches on the wet portions of the sheet. A blue, hazy light was the immediate result. He came out of the tree, removed the tea\x=req-\ cosy from the skull, allowed the sheet to fall over him, and, getting his eyes to the peepholes he had made in it, advanced towards the scrub, holding the broomstick against his right shoulder. As Tom went forward the firesticks be gan to move more quickly ; and lie immediately became aware that the apparition ; had been observed. Xt was, indeed, a terrible sight, and made the blood of the watchers on the verandah run cold, notwithstanding their knowledge of its origin. What, then, mast it have appeared to the blacks, as advancing from a point only 400 yards distant ? A white figure, about 10 feet high, wrapped about in a bluish light, which varied every second. But the ghastly head was enough to make the boldest shudder. As Tom advanced, the firesticks ceased moving. The blacks were evidently watching the awful sceptre,' which was approaching ftom the lagocn. It came gliding on, the blue fire smoking and writhing in rings on its garment. Suddenly the most awful yell rang through the night, followed by terrible screams. Firesticks were seen dropping, and a rush, like the stampede of a large mob of cattle, was heard in the scrub. Tom could hardly restrain a shout of delight. The blacks were running for their lives before the Lagoon Devil. He kept steadily on. The screams continued, but grew more distant every second, and finally died away altogether. The candle inside the skull went out, and the sceptre vanished in silence. Tom lowered his broom stick, and, rolling the sheet round it, made for the house. Clara was waiting for him on the verandah, and as he walked up she said, " How j can we thank you for saving our lives ?" "Nonsense, Miss Windham," said Tom, " were you afraid of the ghost ?" " It made motherquiteill. She has gone to lie down ; but won't you let me thank you, Tom?" said Clara, coming up to hin>, and holding out her hand. All the fun had died out of her face; and an earnest pleading look was bent upon him. Tom trembled like a girl. Was it only gratitude he saw in those brown eyes ? "Clara, my, my " "What?" whispered Clara, and Tom felt a slight pressure of his hands. He caught her in his arms, and kissed her again and again. But Clara did not try to get away from him now, but laid her head upon his shoulder, a soft arm stole round his neck, and a gentle voice said, " Tom, I do love you, dearly, and " But what need to Bay more ? Mr. Windham soon returned, and when he found his wife aud daughter safe wrung Tom's baud, saying, " God bless you, boy. You have been as good as a son to me to-night; but I know how to repay you," and a queer smile played about the old man's face—aB he kissed his daughter. ###***: It is two years since the sceptre walked j along the lagoon at Woodside. Mr. j Windham had sold the property and purchased a station in a more settled district, j Tom lives there as managing partner. | He is a hard-working, energetic fellow, is away many a morning before daylight to | the cattle camps, and seldom returns home j before dark. But when he comes, someone is waiting for him on the verandah ;1 someone with soft, brown eyes, full of love and fun. And as he throws down his whip, and takes that pretty, impudent, i little face in both his hands, two soft arms steal round his neck, two roguish lips are held up to receive his kiss, and a gentle voice says, 11 How late you are, dear. Supper has been ready ever so long " Yes ; Tom is happy with Clara now. She never thinks of town and society, but; only of her husband and a brat of a boy some twelve months old. i 