CHAPTER XIII. THE SINS OF HIS YOUTH. Now see that noble and most sovereign reason, Like sweet bells jangled, out of tune and harsh; That unmatched form and feature of blown youth, Blasted with ecstasy. Hamlet. Six weeks have passed since Wilson Gray experienced that terrible shock which had unseated his reason, and the passing of that time had produced no change for the better in his condition. The demented man was not confined to his chamber, and he wan- dered aimleesly about the Priory and park adjoining, apparently oblivious of everything passing near him. Wilson was never violent and the doctors permitted him his liberty, but a close watch was kept on all his movements. One phrase he babbled continually, as a child iterates and reiterates some word just added to its grow- ing vocabulary. "It was Alice! It was Alice!" he mut- tered in hushed tones, through which a tremor of awe ran. His poor, twisted brain was dwelling on some past episode of his life, and he could think of nothing else. At times there came to Wilson brief snatches of semi-sanity, during which periods he could remember in a hazy sort of way his life prior to the shock. Lady Ruth had paid great attention to her stricken mate, and everyone thought her the most devoted of wives. She was wonder- ing if Wilson had made a will, and if so, what that document contained. So far as her knowledge went, Wilson had never made a will, had not even mentioned such a thing; still, she thought it possible he might have made one privately and hidden it, as she had often heard of men doing. She walked about the Priory with him, and when people were praising her watch- fulness and love, sordid motives filled her mind. But if she expected her husband to unearth some testamentary document in his rambles she was disappointed, and unable to rest without the knowledge she desired, she wrote to Mr. John Braile, who was Wilson's solicitor, asking if he had ever drawn up a will for her husband. The solicitor answered, no. Partially satisfied, Lady Ruth twisted her clever brains about till she had devised a method of en- suring Wilson's great fortune to herself in case he died, and an opportunity of setting her scheme in motion came quickly. Unaided, she prepared a document be- queathing all her husband's belongings to herself solely. She was very careful in drawing up this paper; days were consumed in thinking it out and putting it on paper. But it was done at last, and all that was required to make the document legal, and herself Wilson Gray's heiress was her hus- band's name, and the names of witnesses. She knew her power over Wilson when in his right senses, and she prayed that the cloud might lift off his mind for one short hour just to stamp her scheme with the re- quired signatures. When next Wilson Gray obtained a snatch of sanity he found himself in his wife's pretty boudoir. She was reclining on a low luxurious chair—upholstered to match her rich complexion—and he was seated on a buffet at her feet. He awoke to his senses to find his head in her lap; her magnificent arms thrown caressingly around his neck; her peerless face bent lovingly down to his own, and her soft liquid brown eyes were brimful of tears. "Thank God, darling! you are better again. It seems heaven to see sense in your eyes once more. Your misfortune made my life a hell, for, Wilson, I thought you were going to die, and what should I have done then, but die to too. But it is over now. You will soon be well again." She spoke in a deep, fervent tone and her shapely form thrilled, her soft arm clung to him convulsively, and the first thing that he realized clearly was his beautiful wife's devo- ting to himself and his own absorbing love for her. His first words were a compliment to her. "I would almost suffer anything to win such devotion," he said with a faint smile. "Hush !" she remonstrated clasping him closer and closing his month with her sweet red lips. "We have both suffered enough already. You must get better immediately." "I feel half dead, darling—what's the mat- ter? Where have I been?" "Don't agitate yourself now, dear, I will tell you all soon. Best where you are! Isn't your head easy there?" While she spoke thus she was thinking of the matter nearest her heart. How was she to get Wilson to sign the will she had prepar- ed? She was enduring agonies of torture. Any moment he might relapse again and his name still unwritten. How was she to obtain her end without showing her hand? While these thoughts filled her brain she was kissing and clipping the man at her knees and presently he put an end to her difficulty. "I have been very ill I know," he said, "and might have died and have left you unprovided for. How thoughtless of me not to have made a will before. I will do so at once!" She chided him gently for his hastiness; vowed that she did not want his money, and admitted in the same sentence that she would like their child to inherit all his father's wealth. He was firm, even obstinate, in his resolve to draw up a will there and then. She pointed out that a will was unnecessary, still he was determined, and began to talk incohe- rently, and she saw that his senses were going. Now was Lady Ruth's time. She seized it. The paper was bought out, Wilson Grey wrote his name; a couple of servants were called in. She placed her husband tenderly in the low chair, and when the simple domestics came in said: "There is a paper on the table your master wishes you to sign at once. Oblige me by doing so. You first, Simmons—now you, Williams. Your master is much better to-day and will have tea with me here. Am so much obliged to you both—please close the door." The servants left the room and Wilson Gray was fast sinking into idiocy again. One moment a gleam ot love and pride shone in his eves as he looked on his wife; the next the light left them and looked on other things. Suddenly he shook himself as though he had been a wet dog. He was trying to shake his brain clear, and, partially succeeding, cried out:-- "Send for my cousin—send for Walter! I must see him Ruth." Then he dropped back on the chair from which he had half risen. "I will telegraph instantly," she cried. "Do you want him particularly?" "It was Alice! It was Alice!" he answered in reply, his reason gone again. Lady Ruth walking about the room, her pulse beating fast, and her face flushed with the gladness of success. Satisfied with her cleverness which had made her sole heiress to nearly a million of money, she scarcely noticed the idiot babbling in her chair. She was in the midst of a world of her own creation, where all her ambitions were successful. In her imagin- ation Wilson Gray was dead and tombed, and she was again wed, and to her old lover, Walter Gray. The devil in her ladyship was developing rapidly. Wilson Gray had taken very little food since the disaster, and a few days after sign- ing the document Lady Ruth had prepared, he was confined to his bed, being still quite unconscious. The physicians held out no hopes of his recovery. They attributed his loss of reason to some great shock, but were unable to say what particular thing had occasioned it. His wife and child were doing well at the time he lost his senses, and all his mines and other financial speculations were in a satisfactory condition. At length Wilson became so enfeebled that his death was daily, almost momentarily ex- pected, and still he remained dead to all about him. One day, about two mouths after his attack, Wilson regained his senses, to the surprise of his attendants, who each moment expected him to relapse into his previous deranged condition. Wilson gazed wonderingly around the room like one suddenly awakened from a long deep sleep. He looked about with ex- pectant eyes as though looking for some one. "Do you want her ladyship?" said the nurse. "She only left the room a few minutes ago. Shall I send for her?" "No! no! I don't want my wife. I want my cousin—my cousin, Walter. Where is he?" "I do not think that your cousin is here, but we can send for him if you want him." "Walter not here? Why it seems weeks ago since I told Ruth to send for him. Are you sure that he is not here?" "No. But I will enquire. Perhaps he may have come." The nurse rang a bell, and of the servant who answered her summons she enquired if her patient's cousin, Walter Gray, was stay- ing at the Priory, and she received a reply in the negative. "The servant says that Mr. Gray is not staying at the Priory," said the nurse. "Then he must be sent for at once," re- plied Wilson irritably. "Tell my wife that I want her at once." In a few moments Lady Ruth came into the room beautiful as ever, and with the prettiest possible simulation of surprised joy upon her countenance. "You want me, Wilson, don't you? How glad I am that you are better. You will soon get strong again. You may leave us, nurse, for a while. What is it, dear?" The nurse left the sick chamber, and her ladyship took a seat, looking bright and beautiful as an angel, beside her husband, who had aged terribly during his illness. "Hasn't my cousin come yet, Ruth?" "Your cousin!" she said, opening her eyes with the most perfect assumption of surprise, "why, he has not been sent for, has he?" "Not been sent for? Why I told you to send for him, didn't I?" "No! no! I assure you----" "I know that I did, and you promised to send at once." "You must have been mistaken, dear. In your late condition you might easily imagine that you did, but I assure you that you are mistaken." "I feel confident that I was right, but its no use talking about it. I want to see Walter at once. I will send a telegram to him immediately. Where is my man, Williams?" "I will see about it going, Wilson. Do not let it trouble you," said Ruth, with sweet solicitude. "No, I'll send it. Send for Williams." When his valet came, Wilson dictated to him the following message:— "Dear Cousin—Come to the Priory at once, I am dying. Must see you. Have much to tell you." "Lose no time in dispatching the message, Williams," said Wilson. "It will reach Walter in half an hour, and he'll get here some time to-night." The valet departed on his errand, and then Lady Ruth expected that her husband would have told her why he wanted his young kinsman so particularly, but he said not a word, and soon after fell asleep. After waiting a little Lady Ruth crept from the room, wondering still what Wilson wanted to tell Walter, and if she would get to be present during their conversation. The telegram reached Walter late in the afternoon, and he was amazed at the in- telligence it contained, for he had not had the slightest intimation of his relative's ill- ness. Walter at once started for Aldayne, reach- ing the Priory a little before nine. He found Wilson anxiously awaiting his coming, quite sane now, but looking terribly ill. Lady Ruth was with her husband, and she expected that her old lover would have been confused and awkward upon meeting her again. But Walter met her quite coolly. His eyes met her's frankly, as though they had never been "more than kind" to each other. Her crafty ladyship had been beside her husband for the last hour, thinking that if she were in the room when Walter came Wilson would not ask her to leave whilst he conversed with his relative. But her schem- ing did not serve her. To her intense chagrin her husband requested her to withdraw, and she had no choice, so obeyed. "How long have you been ailing?" said Walter as he seated himself by the bed. "Your telegram amazed me. But, you are not so bad as you imagine, Wilson?" "I'm bad enough, Walter, and feel that I shan't get over it. But is it true that you had not heard of my illness before receiving my telegram?" "True enough, I assure you; but you have not been ill long, have you?" "It is strange that Ruth didn't send you word of my attack. I have been ill since a few days after my wife was confined, and almost all that time have been unconscious. No one is aware of my attack, but I will tell you. I was always inclined to scepticism—I flouted the idea of ghosts and such things, but I believe them now." "Never mind talking about it if it troubles you," said Walter, thinking that Wilson was wandering again though he looked sensible enough. "But I must tell you. But, perhaps, I had better begin at the beginning. Well, you know, Walter, that I was a wild fellow when young. I did many disreputable things, but the worst of all is that of which I am going to tell you. A few months before I left Eng- land so suddenly, so many years ago, I had been on a visit to Elmhurst, a place in Derby- shire kept by a friend of mine, Captain Comyns. While there I fell in love with a very beautiful girl, who lived at a farm close by, and she returned my affection. After a great deal of persuasion I induced her to elope with me one night, and we were mar- ried in a little village about forty or fifty miles away—I forget its name." "Strange you don't remember the name of the village, Wilson?" "I don't remember the name at all. It is such a time since, and we did not stop in the place long, only a few days." "But, at least you recollect the Shire you were married in?" "Certainly, it was in Yorkshire. I remem- ber that well enough. But why do you ask, Walter?" "I thought the knowledge might be useful to me afterwards." "Oh, certainly. Well, as I was telling you, we were married, and we lived very happily together for a short time. I believe I could have settled down and been a better man had my father but given me another trial. A short time before I was married my father had stopped my allowance, and my credit was bad, and you will understand that soon after the wedding we became very hard up. I determined to make one more appeal to my father, and this time personally. So one day I set out for Torleigh, taking with me our marriage certificate — my parents did not know of my marriage—and my wife's por- trait. "When I arrived at The Platts I found no one in the house but the servants. My parents had gone to spend a week or two with some of their friends in Chester. I was undecided what to do. I could not follow them to Chester, so at last I decided to wait a day or two for them. I placed the mar- riage lines and my wife's portrait in an old volume at the top of one of the book frames in the library, and probably it remains there to this day. I suppose you still live in the old house?" "Yes. I live there still." "Well, I only stayed a day. Then I went away, and being almost penniless, in a despe- rate moment, I forged my father's name. I was about to return to my wife, who was enciente, when it struck me that my father might take harsh measures against me, and I fled to America. I sent some of the money to my wife, thinking of returning some day to England. But years rolled away and I did not return, and I should not have been here to-day but for that scrap of paper I picked up in Collins-street, Mel- bourne." "You know the rest of my story up to the time of my illness. The thought of what I had done in my youth troubled me a great deal after my marriage. I was constantly thinking of the woman I had deserted, and a day or two after Ruth's confinement I saw the ghost of my wife, as fresh and as beautiful as the day I first met her. I fainted away, and they say that I became insane." "Now I think that either my wife or her child is alive, and I want you to look them up. I want to make what atonement I can, and I shall have a will made leaving the bulk of my property to my first wife and her child, if they are alive." "If your first wife is still living, her lady- ship will be placed in a painful position, and her child will be illegitimate." "Yes, but it cannot be helped now, and I am determined to do justice for Alice and her child. You will hunt them up for me?" "Yes, I will do all I can." Then followed a few moments of silence. Wilson was fatigued with his recital, and Walter was deeply absorbed in thoughts, originated by his cousin's story of his early sin. Somehow the narrative had reminded him of that other story he had heard from his schoolmistress a short time before. Could it be possible that his cousin was the father of Alice Wilson? It was not probable, or her name would have been Alice Gray. Yet, their stories looked so much alike, and —the thought flashed through his mind— perhaps his cousin had not married in his own surname. He would ask Wilson, who had not mentioned it in his conversation. "I suppose that yon married in your own name, Wilson?" Walter ventured to re- mark, assuming an indifferent tone. "Oh, no, I had forgotten to mention it to you. I was married in the name of Robert Wilson. Lord Hayburne persuaded me not to use my surname, and I followed his advice, though I can scarcely tell you why, for I loved Alice Mayburne, and never intended to de- sert her as I did afterwards—what is the matter, Walter?" Walter had risen excitedly on hearing his cousin say he had not married in his surname. He felt almost certain now that Alice was Wilson Gray's daughter, but would it be ad- visable to mention the matter to his cousin in his present condition, and after all he might be mistaken. "What is the matter, Walter?" "I believe, Wilson, that the child of your first marriage is alive," said Walter, reseating himself. "I am not certain, but I think so." "Alive! Where? and where is his mother." "Do not agitate yourself, and I will tell you. But your child is a daughter, and her mother is dead, if what I believe is true." As clearly and as briefly as he could Wal- ter related what he knew of Alice Wilson's history, and Wilson was convinced that the schoolmistress was his daughter. "You must not be too sanguine, Wilson, for after all Alice may not be your child, though I feel quite satisfied that she is." "There is not the slightest doubt about it. You must bring her here at once, and then I can satisfy myself as to whether she is Alice's child or not." "I will return to Torleigh by the first train that I can get, and bring Alice to you." "Yes, do. I am eager to see her. You have put fresh life into me, Walter, and I feel that I shall not die till I have seen her. And you say that she is the mistress of your school?" "Yes, but she is something more to me than my schoolmistress, she is to be my wife." "I am glad to hear that. My father's for- tune will be your's after all. How strange all this is." "You talk as though you were dying. Cheer up. You are worth a hundred dead men yet. You are better than you think." "My constitution is gone, Walter. I ruined myself physically, as well as financially and morally in my wild days. What time do you think of leaving Aldayne? Lose no time." "By the 5.30 a.m. train, which is the first to pass through the village. We shall get back to the Priory about noon to-morrow." "Well, get back as soon as you can. Don't forget to look for the marriage certificate, and the portrait on the top shelf of that book frame near the west window. I think I placed them in an old copy of 'The Book of Martyrs.'" "I'll find them if they are there. Some of the books have not been disturbed for the last twenty or thirty years." "Ten to one they are there still." "I suppose, Wilson, that you never pre- sented your wife with a portrait in miniature for a locket, did you?" "I remember giving her an ordinary sized portrait, I remember that I gave her a small gold locket—but why do you ask?" "Because I remember Miss Wilson telling me that she had a locket given to her by her mother, which contained both her parents' portraits." "Have you seen the locket?" "No. She promised to show it to me, but I had forgotten all about it till you mentioned your wife's portrait just now." "Miss Wilson's locket will settle all. Perhaps my wife had a miniature portrait taken from the one I gave her. What sort of a girl is this schoolmistress of yours Walter?" Walter described Alice as well as he could, and his cousin said "You might have been describing my wife, Alice Mayburne. I feel certain Alice Wilson is my daughter. And now, Walter, you had better get an hour or two's sleep to get ready for your journey." "Yes, I think I will I will drop in again before I go to see how you are getting on." "You need not call again before you go. Very likely I shall be asleep, Walter. But mind that you don't sleep too long and miss the train. You know how I want to see her?" Walter promised to mind the train, and he left the room, his mind filled with many strange thoughts. The story to which he had listened seemed more like an old romance than a tale of real life. 