. NOTES BT *' NEPTUNE." This (Saturday) afternoon tho formal opening of tho nowly-formod North Shore "Working Men's Rowing Club willtako place, when a regatta ia to bo hold in Lavondor ¿av. At a mooting of tho members, held on tho 19th instant, it was announced that numerous subscriptions had boon roceiveá, and various other amounts had boen promised. Four skiff a have already boanpurohaaod fer tho momboro' use. It is intonded to ask tho patronage of Lord Car- rington. At a meeting of the Now South Wales Rowing Associa- tion last week there was a groat gathering of rowing men. In reference to tho circular sent to all tho clubs asking them to nominate inotnbers who, in their opinion, were oligiblo to places in tko eight-oar crow to represent thia colony in tho forthcoming contest, tho following was tho result : Tho Syduoy dub nominated Messrs. J. G. Kon nedy, C. A. Bros, S. A. Tiley, J. Thomson, W. IT. Kloster, E. 0. Griffiths, L. Wado, J. E. H. Ken- nedy, N. Johnson, J. P. Payne, 0. Dobson, J. A. Brodio, W, H. Cordeaux, and C.' Thomson. Tho Murcantiles named Messrs. J, Thomas, G. M'Gill, G. Boarle, W. A. M'Donnld, G. J. Ruwald, W. C. Prooman, H. B. Tickerinor, W. J. M'Donatd, and G. A. J, Robertson. The East SydneyBsent in tho names of G. C. Higgs, A. W. Bo3hell,and J. A. Smith. Tho Globe nominated M. L. Zoll- ner, G. J. Robertson, C. M. Garrard, W. A. Walker, C. P. Wilson, and P. do L. Maitland. It was decided that the eight-o-o: contest should tako place on November 'H noxt, and that tho Association Regatta bo ha d on December 1 next. With reference to tho four-oared race, on tho cast- ing vote of tho chairman it was dooi led that this race bo rowed in boat and host boat without coxswains. Adiicussion took place as to whethor two of tho last Victorian eight oar crew were amateurs or not j but on tho motion of Mr. Blackstone tho matter was adjourned till tho next meeting. Hanlan baa returned from tho northern colony j and from tho manuor in whick ho has hoon treated in that colony his trip muat have been pleasant aa well na profit- able. It ia said that ho intends to tacklo Komp onco moro ; but nothing do ti nit o has appeared in the way of a challenge. I ahould thins that, from the eaay manuor in whioh Kemp defeated him last timo thoy mut ho will not caro to have another try at tho present champion. From news ecoived it would appear that Teenier and Hamm intend to pay us a visit, Toomor to try and provo his superiority over Kemp, and Hamm to try conclusions with any other rowors anxious for a match. Komp appears william to havo a try with Teemor over tho Parramatta, course; and there is no doubt about Hamm finding sovoral here who will accommodate him. Both Stansbury and Searlo will take a lot of beating ; und tho American will not take mattera easy to break tho time theso two rowers aro expected to make in thoir match next month on tho Parra- matta Eivor. The boatbuilders are very busy just now; Joo Donnolly being especially so. Among the most important aro tho 24ft half-deckor for Castray, a 2l)ft half-docker for Mr. Toogood, a 16ft dingey for,a Queoneland gentleman, another for a rc»ident of tho Manning Elve- district (thoso last two to bout tho famous unbeaten Our Boys of that olass by tho aaroo builder), and a four-oar outrigger for tho Leichhardt Bowing Club. Charley Messenger has boen intrusted with tho building of two four-oarod gigs, for tho latoly eatablishod Nopoan Bowing Club, also a light eltiiï for tho samo club. With tho inoreasod number of rowing clubs latoly estab- lished in tho various suburbs, work in the boatbuilding lino should be very brisk. Tho newly-formod Kogarah Bowing Clubpromises to bo a succcisful undertaking, and offers of support have boen nudo by numerous residonts of tho district. Tho new 20 tons yacht built by Geo. Ellis, of Balmain, for a Molbonrnegentleman, io nearing completion, and in a few weeks she should bo soon undor canvas. From her beautiful lines, shois expeotod to givo a very good account of horaelf in racing costume. Tho popular commodore ot tho P.A.T.C. (Dr. Milford) has intrusted to Mr. W. Eeoks tho task of designing a now yaoht tor him, which is to measure about 10 tons. Tho name of this intandod craft is to be Isaea. The thirteenth annual hall ot tho Morcantilo Rowing Club will take plaoo in the City Town Hall, on Wednesday cvoning, the 11th July. With tho arrangements in tho hands of a good committee, the affair ia expected to bo as Bucccssful aa any of its prodoco8sors-which ia Baying a great deal. The half-yearly meeting of this club will take place on July G, in the Oxford Hotel, King- stroet. Thia (Saturday) afternoon a contest will toko place on tho Richmond Rivor for £50 a eldo, between two well known residents of that looality-viz., J. M'Lcan and J. M'Kiniion. Tho mon hayo been in training for somo weeks ; and a good race is expected. ROCKHAMPTON (Q.).-Tho Rockhampton residents intond to ofter large prizes for an international sculling contest, to tako place on tho Fitzroy River Borne time in 1889. The first prize will bo £1000. Thia should induco leading American and Englisn soullors to visit Australia; and somo brilliant oontosts would bo tho result. It is said that £000 have already boon aubscribed. MODEL SAILING.- Dunner tua winter months a groat many I o vor a of aquatics find much amuaomout in model sailing; and tho porfootion to whioh sonso of those tiny vessel« aro brought ia marvellous. So koon is tho competi- tion among samo of tho owners that thoy hara even gono to Mr. VTalter Rooks, the well-known marine arohiteot, for designs. This (Saturday) afternoon tho Double Bay Modol Club will open tho soasan with a race for all its boats. HANDICAP SCULLING RACE ON inn BRISBANE RIVER.-In referonco to the movomout started rocontly for a handicap soulling race of £500 on the Brisbane Bivor for all oomors, Mr. Dcoblo, on bohalf of Kemp, has exprossod a wlllling npss to row in tho contest provided tho handioap is not mere than Sseo. Haulan says he would bo vory glad to row in such a race, though winning it would not entitle nnyono to tho championship. Tho grantor part of the money for tho handicap race has already boon guaranteed, and no difficulty is anticipated in raising tho required amount. ADVANCE AUSTRALIA I-In the final heat of tho Cambridge University pairs, rowed on May ll, Boll and Landale (two Australians) won by 30yds from Lloyd and Muttlobury. WHAT A CHINOS !-Thus London LAND AND WATER of May 12 : Mr. Charles Carr and Mr. George Bulgar moot over the Tyso championship courso on May 20. Tears ago tho antagonism of tho Thames and Tyno, aa ropro flouted by tho two beat English scullers, would havo been an event of world-wide importance. Tompora mutantur/ Tho World's Championship boa gono to Australia, whore it seems likely to romain. Tho Championship af England is in the keoping of & third- rate American sculler, who also appears unwilling to risk losing it by evon opposing Carr ; so that there ls nothing loft but honor and tho stakes for Carr and Buboar to compoto for.. Bo one takes much intorost in Bubaar's doings now ; so that the sooner Carr takos his number down for good and all the bettor. Wo do not know how good Carr may be. Be ib a inuoh longer man than tho general run of champion Boullors ; but ho may bo tho oxoeption to the rulo. At any rate, if ho wlna wo oan flatter ouraolves that wo havo a good man at last- that ls to say, until some Yankeo or Aus- tralian gives him a hollow boating. All attompts to raise a fictitious interostin tho Buboar-Carr match havo, so far, failed. To WitA/r "BABB TTSKB" may a yaouk bo put! (ro markod tho London FIHLD). Tho Cambria schooner has boon sold aa a "trador " for tho woatooast of Africa. Thia sohoonor yaoht probably mado a groator impression on Americana than anyothor Britlah yaoht ovor built. Sho won the Atlantic race from tho American yacht Daunt- less; and in tho groit iatoruational display on tho Bolont in 1863 abo dofoatod tho American chef d'amtiro Sanpho in that momorablo raoo round tho lalo of Wight. In i860 sho waa tho Ürat Britlah yacht to pass through tho Buel Canal, having proviously, in tho samo yoar, oloctriflod yaoht owners by holding lier own to windward in a lon? slogging matoh from tho Nab to Itydo Pior, against thoso stalwart cutters Oimara and' Condor, oaoh with jlb-hoadora ovor wholo aainwalla. Tho aohlovomont of tho Cambria in thia matoh literally inaplrod tho lato woU-known marino artlat, Mr. 13. Weedon j and ono of tho boat aud moat splritodploturoa ho^ ever painted waa the Cambria winning the match, aa she pasaed Hyde Pier in a perfeot cloud of spoon drift, ana . buried to the rail as ehe bore up round the flagboat. An engraving of thia pic- ture was in the ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS the ?ame year. And now the Cambria has boon sold for an old song, and ia to become a trador. Not quite aa bad, perhaps, aa putting Plaudit into a hansom cab ; but still theao sort of flniBhoa play the deuco with tho "romance of the sea," if auch a thing exists now. CENTENNIAL REGATTA IN MELBOURNE.-In Melbonrno on Wednesday a largo deputation, including several mem bHra of both llouaeB, and othor gontlom cn, representing tho Centennial Regatta Association, waitod on Mr. Gillies, tho Viotorian Premier, and asked the Government for ns aiatancein connection with tho achemo fora grand inter- national regatta (both rowin* and sailing) during tho exhibition time. It waa pointed out that Sydney had «riven JBSuO toward a Bindiar regatta on a former occasion : and it was thought that £1000 might bo asked from tho Govern- ment ; tho money being intended for rowing prizea in which all classes, including foreign soamon, would competo. The Premier asked for farthor particulars of tho scheme, i and promised to assist thom, aa ho thought that Parlia- ment wonld bo willing to do so on such a speoial occasion. BunaEss.-Wo learn from tho New York TELVGRAM, a paper much devotod to yachting, that Mr. Burgess has, durin* tho past year, turned out seventy complete vessels, and all successes. Tho number of yachts he has already built amounts to 107. It almost makes one think ho must have a "ghost" in his omeo, like somoof the workers in art. TJIB SCULLING CHAMPIONSHIP1.-Kemp's victory over Hanlan (wroto " Pendragou " in tho London BEFEHEE) puts tke Ciuiadian out of court for championship honors ; though it docs not quito raise tho Australian to the re- quired lovol. Teem er, who is ontiticd to tho distinction, if nnyono could claim it on Beach's retirement, has an- nounced his intention of tackling Kemp in Amorica, if the latter will go tlrero ¡ otho* wiso in Australia. After these two havo met wo may havo a recognised champion ngain. Tho Komp-Clifford and Kouap-Hanlan races were all very woll in thoir way, hut did not lead directly to tho championship, despite tho put-up job botweon Beach and pal. As tho situation stood up to Saturday, Hanlau could render Kemp's claim altogether absurd if ho beat him, becauso T emor is clearly suporior to the Toronto ex-champion. Kemp's defeating Hanlau merely meant accounting for a sculler who could not hold tho premiership of his own country. Without wishin? to undorrato Potor Kemp, I cannot forget his shows on tho Thames, or tho v->st difforonco thero is between Hanlan, tho undefeated champion, and Hanlan as ho has boon since Beach first took him down. E. H. has dono almost ns well out of defeats ns ho used while all-conquering ; and this ability to make a good thin? by losing does not improve tho morality of boat-racing. Komp may bo tho wondrous flyer represented, and this race all fair and square ; but judging by what is known on this sido, I srouldnotbo surprised to hoar that onco moro Hanlan's little storo has beon substantially increased by moans of a revorse. I did not like the fact that ho was favorito being so industriously advertised to England as a matter of great importance; while at the same time commissions to back Kemp wore wirod all the way from Australia to oporators in tho Lon- don market. One is apt to bo too suspicious, I will admit j but boat-racing is played very low down now. 