RAILWAY COMFORTS. [?] bir,— After travelling for two month over a great portion of Victoria and South Australia, 1 returned to Sydney by the express from Melbourne last Wednesday. I was not surprised to find that a Foreign- trade policy aas become port of our rail, wav svstom. The illuatrious ImnortoJ dradhcad is provided by Fro trade Go vernment with a special train, luxuriously fitted up at the country's exjpotuo, while the borne article, who poys his way and travels second-class, b Created worse than a bone, and perhaps as badly a a bullock. The refrigerating truck that 1 bumped along in was a weary-looking amtliackla conveyance that affirmed a dciiro to foil to pieces at every revolution ot thu wheel. It waa christened inai'h— r. iuv, buu wu aiTiucu ww two compart ments, which, by a leaser barrier, were again divided Into two. There waa very little room between the scats, not that they wero widot ta tact tbey wcro no narrow that shelve instead of seats wcrea more appropriate appellation. Theao shelves were covered with a thin lab of some knotty eubstonce, which waa concealed from view by a cover tag of oilcloth, that acted on tac more powerfully as an incentive to cold shiver than outhe ghosts in Bookwood would if 1 should encounter them. The door did not fit at either tho top, bottom, or sides, and poured in sharp- ed god cur rents of air not only along the uncovered floor, but in every possible direction. To crown all, In ono subdivision of the car thero were four windows, perfectly glassier, the entrance of tho wintry bloat through whose portals was only feebly com bated by wooden Venetian screens. The- did not by any means oxcludo tho air. and only teemed to aggravate tho matter. Take into consideration tho bounding and jolting ot thu car, tho ceaseless jarring vibrations, and tho violent oscUiation, and I think you will agroo with mo that such a "refrigerator" ismorofittodforthccou- vcyanco of Orange-killed meat than human beings. Coming across theso shelterless plains with a keen wind blowing, and the thermometer nearly at freezing, in such a match-bx, on a winter's night, is trying to men, but when delicate women and children are compelled to share tbu misery, thtn 1 think allenco would bo cowardly.— Yours, Ac., GEORGE BLACK. 