The Centennial Mission. Tint Centennial Misiion acrviccs were continued on Friday afternoon, when an addrees of an exceedingly interesting nature was delivered to children by the Key. Canon Langley, on the early life of San.uel and his opedience to the Divine call. The replies given to questions relating to the Btt.ject were very Eatisfactory, indicating their familiarity with toe Old Testament history Iv the evening the rev. gentleman delivered a powerful address from thewords, " And they all with one consent began to make' excuse." He reminded them briefly of his remarks on the previous evening in reference to tho gospel feast, and that they had before them the reasons or the excuses that led to their non-acceptance of the Gospel message. The first said that he had bought a piece of ground, and must needs go and see it, qnite a legitimate thing for him to do, but he was not justified in making the purchase of lhat piece of property Ihe ground of excuse for negUctinu the salvation of his soul. There were many amongst them that day who were Felling their souls for worldly gain. The second was in somewhat different circunutaoceß to the first; he had bought five yoke of oxen and mußt needs go and piovc them. He was evidently one of those who was compelled to work hard for his daily bread, and the difficulties that he had to grapple with ought to have been the means in the hands of God of leading him to seek help from abovo instead of musing him to neglect salvation. It was criminal on bis part to allow earthly things to staud betwixt him and God. The third had married a wife aud could not nomc. This was a very com moo excuse. Family connections of one kind aud another stood in the way of decision f;>r _ God. He knew it was hard to fight against home iuflnencea when they were opposed to the teaching of Christ; but if they would only determine to take a definite stand {hey would soon find that all the diffi. culties would vanish and grace would be given them to go on their way rejoicing. On Sunday afternoon at 4 o'clock there wan a large gathering of males to listen to an address given specially to men by the Rev Canon Langley, The preacher waa very earnest in his remarks, and the addresa was repleto with Bound reasoning, and logical arguments. The general service' at 8.15 p.m. waa, perhaps, the most successful held in connection with the mis&inu.; The hall was crowded. The preacher selected as hia text the words "The Holy Ghost said to-day." He laid special stress upon the evils cf procrastination as regarda prepara tion for the life hereafter. He argued that most men intended to come to Christ some day, though to very many that day never came. The deril and the world were always urging that them was no necessity for taking action to-day, as there was plenty of time for preparation to-morrow ; but for numbers there waß no sneb thing as to-morrow. The preacher pointed out in suitable terms the great uncertainty of life, and solemnly im pressed upon all his hearers tho absolute necessity of being prepared for the life beyond the jrrave. Services in connection with the Centen nial Mission will be held this afternoon at 3.30, and in the evening at 7.30. They will be continued to-morrow afternoon and even ing at the same hour, and will bo brought to a close on Thursday, when a thanksgiving Ecrvice will be held at 3.30, and the last mission service at 7.30. At the last two meetings thankofferings will be received towards the expenses of the mission. At all the meetings this week Sankey'a hymns will be need. 