TVN WITH THE FIGURES ; 03? AI.(*EBKA*C ATHLETIC* S. Bt The Flaneur. Figures can't lie, but under skilful manipulation they may b,e induced to prevaricate to an extent that would answer the purpose of even a Colonial Treasurer who wishes to turn a 3 million deficit into a .£300,000 surplus. To most persons the ? eight of a row of figures ia about as refreshing as the sight o£ a row of pill-boxes and castor oil bottles, but a better acquaintance will often lead ko such ail all-absorbing intere'st beiiier taken in the former that a man will scoot from the side of his lady love, or (what is still more marvellous in a man) rush off from a Gunsler banquet, to worry out some such brain-blasting problem a3 'If 101b of dynamite will shift 50 million cubic yards of solid rock, how many tons of the same material will it take to shift the idea that he is a born ' pote' out of the hairy head of Sir 'Enry Parkes ?' Figures are like good wives — the more you know about them the more you love them 5 but they have some slight advantages over the wives, inas much as they don't jaw back, or sit up till tsngodly hours in the morning and ask offensive conundrums when a man crimes home ' very tired' after a theological debate, or a night's intellectual amusement with that vague, mys teriouB, innumerable caravan called ' The Boys.' Even in the way of finding one's read home from these social reunions figures are extremely useful, as I was reminded, not long ago, by hearing a ' Frisky Fog' observe to a friend who was en= deavouring to steady a lamp-post about 3 a.m., ' Goo' ni', Zhim ! Had shplen' time ov it, hadn't we ?'.. ' Goo' ni', Zhoe,' said the second man.) ' but, loog *6re — d'ye think you'll be able to find far keyhole when you gesh home ?' ' Find er keyhole,' hiccuped the o'ther fellow, thoughtfully. 'B' gosh I'll be lucky if I find er bloomin' housh.' Had he known that by merely taking 52 as the quotient, and 25 as the Equare root, and multiplying the diviaor by the sub-quilateral equation of 73 he would have discovered the exaet number of his residence at once, he would have got home without the help of a policeman* and blessed the day he studied Algebraic Athletics. In the way of curious calculations it is surpris ing what instruction and amusement can be drawn from the seemingly dry-as-duet study of figures. For example ! Take the figure 9 and you'll find that no matter how you try to multiply it away, you cannot succeed. Like the ghost of Banquo it turns up as fresh as new paint when least expected. Beginning with twice 9 we get 18 ; add the digits together, and the result is, 1 and 8 make 9. Three times 9 are 27 ; 2 and 7 make 9 ; and so on right up to, say, 5071 times 9. This makes 45,639 5 add these figures together and the total is 27 ; then, adding these two digits to gether we bob slap up against the irrepressible No. 9 once more. You can never wipe it out en tirely, and even if you were to put the whole of our numerals in a pot and boiled them down into soup, the condensed extract of that soup would show the same old 9 at the bottom of the sauceo pan. Another peculiarity about this matter is that if you multiply 12,345,679 by 9, the result is 111,111,111. Multiply the same figure by twice or 38, the result is all 2's ; by 27 all 3's ; by 36 all 4Js } by 45, all 5's ; by 54, all 6's j by 63, all Th 5 by ?2, all 8's 5 by 81, all 9's. I tried to follow this mysterious figure 9 out in my divina tion for this year's Melbourne Cup and got the 9 lettered horse Tradition, which would certainly have won had not the double third of 9 — Mentor —beaten him. And, it is a somewhat remarkable fact that in the years 1883, '84, '85 and '86 the horses which won the Melbourne Derby and Cup in each year had the same number of letters in their names— viz., Martini-Henry (Derby and Cup winner), Rufus — Malua, Sheet-Anchor— -Norden- feldt, Trident — Arsenal j but alas ! there is no certainty on the turf, and — — r, man may go ' Nap ' to his uttermost rap On pick cl figures all the day, Ho may plank down his tin, but they don't always win, Because they're not bnilt that way. Getting into the higher sphere of figures, how ever, I am indebted to our very worthy contri. butor, Mr. ' S. A. D. Microcosm,' of Armidale, for one of the most startling revelations I have struck against Bince I first favoured this planet with my presence. A highly ? patriotic Amurrikin citi ' zen was once holding forth on the desirability of his native town, New Jersey, annexing England, and amongst other pearls of wisdom thrown round he exclaimed, ' What is the cause of England's greatness ? Her navy. What is the cause of the Ocean's greatness ? The Father of Waters — our own great and glorious Mississippi. Our plan of conquering England is therefore mapped plainly out before us, and the performance of it is as easy to us as it is for a fat boy to fall down a cellar. Let us turn the magnificent Mississippi into the Mammoth Cave at Kentucky. Cut off from its indispensable supply, the ocean will soon run dry ; England's navy will then be as useless to her as a double- barrelled opera-glass would be to a blind man, and all we have to do is to make a goldarned bonfire of the lot, put alot of robbers and cranks and wheels and things under England and haul her Over hero and make her a flourishing little suburb of our own incomparable Noo Jersey I' That was a big scheme 5 but then all things fire big in the States. Witness the big licking General Harrison, with hid Irish- Aiiierician band, has just dealt out to the British-American rail-straddler- Grover Cleveland. Mr, ' Microcosm's' big notion seems to me to upend our present belief in the laws of gravita tion completely, for he clearly proves that the mighty Mississippi actually runs up hill. Strictly opeakiug the phrase 'going up' means receding froni the earth's centre of gravity, while ' going down' means advancing towards it; Now the earth's equatorial diameter is 7925*60 miles while its polar diameter is 7899*14 miles j the excess of the equatorial over the polar being 26'46 miles. The earth's centre of gravity being identical with its centre of bulk, it follows that any point on the equator is 13*23 miles further therefrom than either of the poles can be. Hence it follows that ag we proceed from either of the poJes towards the equator the end of each degree of the quadrant is ??6*16 feet further from the centre of gravity than the commencement, which equals l-90th part of the 13*23 miles — the excess of the equatorial polar radius. N6V, read that again, and read it slowly, while we mix a little of the Mississippi with some ' liminade' from Ballyhooly. The Mississippi flows, roughly speaking, from the polar regions to the equatorial, or N and S. Its sources are situated in 47deg lOmin N, while the latitude of its mouth, which enters the Gulf of Mexico, is in 29deg N. Thus it flows through say 18deg of latitude, which, by the computation of the preceding paragraph (demn the fractions, as Mi?. Mantilini did the hundreds in his little bill), would make the latitude of the mouth 18\97l feet fur ther from the earth's centre of gravity than the sea level would be in the latitude of its sources. But the Mississippi's sources are 1680 feet above sea level, which amount, if deducted from the 13,971 feet given above, would leave 12,291 feet, or nearly 2 and one-third miles, as the distance which the river's mouth is further than its source is from the earth's centre of gravity — or, in other words, the Mississippi actually flows up a hillj&ndthe; height of that hill is 2 and one-third miles ! This seems to burst up all our generally received ideas of gravitation entirely, and I would like to hear from Sir Isaac Newton, or some other smart scientist, either in this world or the next, upon the above interesting subject. There is really nothin g absolutely fiat in this world (the leaders in certain daily papers ex. cepted), and I may also mention that any house which is built strictly plumb must be larger at the top than at the bottom. If it were possible to build a row of three»story Iiouse3 all round. the globe, with their basds on the equator, the circle formed by the roofs would of course be ever so much larger than that formed by the founda tions, and although oar jockeys do not know the theory of this law, still they take great care, whenever they can, to put it into practice by bor ing on the rails in'order to secure the inside run ning, and thereby travel by many yards, a shorter distance than the flyers on the outside. Having to cut the rest of this article short now, 1 will merely observe that ' Mr.' Fully Paid Up Subscriber, who wagered me a new hat over his orange problem, has been carefully ' sot in the mud,' for it has been correctly worked out by 'M M'M./' Breadalbane Public School, ' M. C. P.,' Balmain, ' A. MfC.,' ' J. G. M.,' Eamornie, 'T. B.,' Cooyal, 'C. M'K,' Crudine, and our invincible and unsquelchable friend, the 'Carter.' These solutions can be seen at the Freeman office. That hat is being built, and as a lively correspondent remarks, it is to be a 2 story 9| 'cady,' zinc-lined, with good 61b lead guttering run around the verandah. The ' Frisky Frog's' problem has been correctly answered by the said lively gentleman (who is certainly a thorough tradesman at the game), and also by ' J. J. F.,' Wollombi, and, of course, by 'Carter' —the answer, worked out by Permutation, being 5,040 as the number of ways in which 7 persons oan be differently arranged at table, and, allowing 2 hours for each dinner, the time taken for the feeds would be 420 days. The solution of the window pane racket — the pane was originally 1 lyd. high and lyd. wide, and although enlarged to twice its size was still lyd. high and lyd. wide — is that the concern was either diamond, or pyramid shaped at first, and was afterwards al tered to a square ; a matter which ean be worked outj by the 35th of Euclid's 1st book, and was worked by a 'Fully Paid Up,' 'J. J. F. ' Wollombi, ' M. C. P.,' and the can't-be-beat ' Carter.' By way of keeping the game alive I have two more troubles to put forward this week, and I hope to do justice to many others in^our next. No. 1. Touching the window puzzle, we will as sume it to be one yard square. Now, if the pro prietor decides on embellishing it by frosting one quarter of tho whole (situated towards the top left band corner), and painting the residue four different colours, the four painted parts to be ex actly equal in size and shape, what the dimensions and shape of each of such pa nted parts ? Ho. 2. A and B travelled on the same road and at the same rate from M to N. At 48 miles from N, A overtook a flock of sheep travelling at the rate of 5 miles in 3 hours, and two hours after he met a pedestrian travelling at the rate of 7 miles in 2 hours. B overtook the same flock of sheep at the 38th milestone from N, and met the same pedes trian 8 four-sevenths minutes beforsi he (B) reached the 89th milestone. How much start did A have from B ? And as a wind- up, here is a contribution to our figure fun from Mr. ' Carter '— If S chickens and 1 ducL be sold for as much as 2 g'eeoe and 1 chicken, and 2 ducks and 3 geese were sold for 25s, what was the price of each? As Christmas is coming, and my neighbours have unanimously decided that the good old plan of mesmerising their poultry at midnight's silent hour is played out, I feel particularly interested in the latter problem 5 for, what is Christmas without a goose, and what is a goose to a mau when it's in the other fellow's fowl- house. 